<doc id="19577284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577284" title="Automixer">
Automixer

An automixer, or automatic microphone mixer, is a live sound mixing device that automatically reduces the strength of a microphone's audio signal when it is not being used. Automixers lower the hiss, rumble, reverberation and other extraneous noise that occur when several microphones operate simultaneously. They may also be used to mix sound from non-microphone signals such as playback devices.
Automixers are typically used to mix panel discussions on television talk shows and at conferences and seminars. They can also be used to mix actors' wireless microphones in theater productions and musicals. Automixers are frequently employed in settings where it is expected that a live sound operator will be not present, such as courtrooms and city council chambers.
Automixer hardware or software uses a variety of methods that allow increased gain before feedback for live sound reinforcement as well as reducing comb filtering between multiple microphones for recorded and broadcast applications.
Use.
Automixers balance multiple sound sources based on each source's level, quickly and dramatically adjusting the various signal levels automatically. Automixers are used in live sound reinforcement to maintain a steady limit on the overall signal level of the microphones; if a public address system is set up so that one microphone will not feed back, then, in general, multiple microphones will not feed back if they are automixed. The equivalent number of open mics (NOM) present at the output of the automixer is kept low, regardless of the actual number of open mics.
While a skilled audio mix operator can greatly enhance the performance of a sound reinforcement system he cannot anticipate with perfect accuracy which participant will speak next in a spontaneous discussion. Sudden interjections by panelists may be lost completely, or the beginning of a word may be absent (or "upcut") because the operator does not respond quickly enough to "fade up" an audio signal. A properly adjusted automixer can prevent losing words or phrases due to upcut mistakes or lapses of attention.
Priority Ducking is used to lower the level of a microphone(s) and/or program material based on a source signal from another microphone, for the duration of the signal present at the source microphone. It restores the original level once the source signal has ceased. This is useful when a) program material needs to attenuate in order to accentuate the voice of a narrator, b) one microphone is used by a chairman or master of ceremonies, and needs to have priority over other mics and/or program material, or c) a paging mic must attenuate all other signals
History.
Frank J. Clement and Bell Labs received a patent in 1969 for a multiple station conference telephone system that switched its output to the loudest input. The next year, Emil Torick and Richard G. Allen were granted a patent for an "Automatic Gain Control System with Noise Variable Threshold", an adaptive threshold circuit invention with its patent assignation going to Columbia Broadcasting System.
Some systems using electro-mechanical switching in regard to microphone activation were engineered in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Peter W. Tappan and Robert F. Ancha devised a system of seat sensors that would activate one of 350 hidden microphones at the Seventeenth Church of Christ, Scientist in Chicago in 1970. From approximately 1968, Ken Patterson and Diversified Concepts developed a hardware system that could detect the "Number of Open Microphones" (NOM) and attenuate the master output by an amount which increased with a higher number of microphones in use. This latter system was public domain.
In 1971, Gregory Maston of Bell Labs filed for a patent involving a circuit that could switch between several audio sources based on their levels. The loudest one was latched into the mix. This system did not ramp switched signals smoothly in and out and did not maintain a constant ambience. It was intended for speakerphone conferencing applications. In 1972, Keith A. T. Knox with the British Post Office Corporation developed an adaptive threshold gate circuit intended for speakerphone usage. The system used a second microphone somewhat near the first to sense ambient noise level.
Dan Dugan showed his first "Adaptive Threshold Automatic Microphone Mixing System" in 1974 at the 49th Audio Engineering Society (AES) meeting in New York, and was granted a patent for a control apparatus for sound reinforcement systems which sensed ambient sound level in the environment of a theater to control each microphone's individual level. In 1976, Dugan was granted a patent for an automatic microphone mixing process whereby the total gain of the system remains constant. He began manufacturing his first automixer system, the Model A, based on his two patents. Dugan built 60 units, with the first, hand-assembled one taken to Bell Labs to be installed in their conference room for Harvey Fletcher. The algorithm was simple and effective: "Each individual input channel is attenuated by an amount, in dB, equal to the difference, in dB, between that channel’s level and the sum of all channel levels." Dugan licensed the system to Altec who released several automixer models including the 1674A, -B and -C series and the 1684A, all focusing on speech applications. (The 1684A became an Electrovoice product and is currently administered by their Commercial division.) The earliest Altec product implementation was regarded as inferior within the commercial audio contractor industry, and other manufacturers began to design their own automixer products.
In 1978, Richard W. Peters of Industrial Research Products (IRP) was granted an improvement patent entitled "Priority mixer control". IRP released the Voice-Matic series of 4 × 1 and 8 × 1 automatic mixers using "Dynamic Threshold Sensing" that weighed a combination of the amplitude and history of the signal to determine channel access. The master output was attenuated at the rate of 3 dB for every doubling of NOM. This master output reduction was the solution used by Yamaha Pro Audio two decades later in their DME series of digital signal processing (DSP) products, incorporating an automixer function which was otherwise an 8- or 16-channel noise gate.
Eugene Campbell and Terrance Whittemore of Colorado were granted a patent in 1982 for an automatic microphone mixing algorithm that allowed for musical performance mixing that would not be dominated by the loudest vocalist or instrumentalist.
Stephen D. Julstrom of Shure Brothers, Inc. (Evanston, Illinois) was granted a patent in 1987 for a teleconferencing system that used special directionally gated microphones mixed automatically and sent to a distant party via telephone line. The return signal from the distant party was compared in strength to the local mix to determine which party was to be most prominent in the overall mix. Any interrupting party was given priority. Four years later, Shure would introduce the AMS4000 and AMS8000 automixers for sound reinforcement; mixers which required the use of special directional condenser microphones of the Shure AMS Series.
At the 87th AES Convention in 1989, Dugan introduced the idea of using an automixer inserted within target channels on a professional audio mixer. Each microphone's signal would be interrupted inside its channel strip and sent to a variable gain circuit contained within the automixer. The signal would then be returned to the mixer at a level consistent with the Dugan algorithm. This became the Dugan Model D automixer.
In 1991, Dugan's patent expired. Competing manufacturers began to bring the Dugan algorithm directly to their product designs. In 1993, Travis M. Sims, Jr. of Lectrosonics (Rio Rancho, New Mexico) was granted a patent for a sound system with rate controlled, variable attenuation of microphone inputs, including the Dugan algorithm as well as loudspeaker zone attenuation when in close proximity to an active microphone. The loudspeaker zone part of the patent cited a 1985 patent for proportional amplification by Eugene R. Griffith, Jr. of LVW Systems of Colorado Springs, a commercial audio contractor. In 1995, Sims and Lectrosonics gained another patent for an "Adaptive proportional gain audio mixing system" which incorporated a number of ideas including the Dugan algorithm for maintaining a constant total gain of all the inputs.
In 1996, Dugan came out with the Model D-1, a speech-only economy model that did not offer the music system of the Model D.
In 1997, John H. Roberts of Peavey Electronics was granted a patent for an automatic mixer priority circuit, enabling a hierarchy of logic weighting that allowed selected signals to push forward in the mix when they are in use, while still maintaining the useful constant unity, gain-sharing relationship first described by Dugan. The hierarchy enabled a host, moderator or chairperson to speak over other participants and retain control of the discussion. Peavey's Architectural Acoustics division used three levels of hierarchy in their 1998 "Automix 2" product, placing the first- and second-most influentially weighted sources at inputs 1 and 2, respectively.
Dan Dugan licensed his system to Protech Audio (Indian Lake, New York) in 1997, yielding the Protech 2000 model series.
In 2004, the first standard audio mixer incorporating an eight-channel automixer section was released by Peavey in their Sanctuary Series, and in 2006 the similar HP-W was introduced by Crest. Both mixers were aimed at the House of Worship market, adding functions that ease the process of audio mixing to religious organizations.
In 2007, Mark W. Gilbert and Gregory H. Canfield of Shure (Niles, Illinois) were granted a patent for a digital microphone automixer system that used time of arrival as its main decision-making criteria.
In February 2011, Dugan announced an automixer card to plug in the accessory slot of a Yamaha digital mixing console such as the LS-9, M7CL or PM-5D. This card, the Dugan-MY16, can mix 16 channels of microphone inputs at 44.1–48 kHz or 8 channels at 88.2–96 kHz sampling rates. Channels to be automixed are assigned in the mixer's graphic user interface, and can then be controlled by a common web browser interface affecting only the Dugan-MY16 card, allowing remote control with an iPad, touchscreen computer or laptop over wireless network.

</doc>
<doc id="19577286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577286" title="Nic Waal">
Nic Waal

Nic Waal, born Caroline Schweigaard Nicolaysen in Kristiania, Norway (1 January 1905 - 28 May 1960) was a Norwegian psychiatrist, noted for her work among children and adolescents in Norway where she is known as "the mother of Norwegian pediatric and adolescent psychiatry." She was also active in the Norwegian resistance during World War II, and was named as one of the Righteous among the Nations by Yad Vashem.
Biography.
Caroline Schweigaard Nicolaysen (known in her childhood as Bitteba) was the youngest of four children born to Vilhelm Bernhoft Nicolaysen, an Army officer, and Anna Horn. She grew up in the section of Oslo known as Homansbyen, apparently an active and curious child, but also unusually sensitive. According to her son Helge Waal, she was prone to psychosomatic illnesses as a young child; and indeed she completed her first year of gymnasium at home, due to illness. She attended Oslo Katedralskole starting in the fall of 1921, where her schoolmates included Trygve Bull, Karl Evang, and Trygve Braatøy.
She attended the University of Oslo, became politically active as a radical socialist, and finished her medical studies in 1930. She was associated with the Mot Dag movement and worked as an editor in the periodical Æsculap. The political convictions she developed as a student set the foundation for a lifelong engagement in social causes, especially related to the needs of children, adolescents, and women.
Plagued with her own emotional problems all her life, she first underwent psychoanalysis with Harald Schjelderup in Norway while she was a student. In 1927 she married the writer Sigurd Hoel. She continued her psychoanalysis in Berlin as a student under Salomea Kempner, and in 1933 and 1934 she was accepted in the German and Danish-Norwegian Psychoanalytic associations, respectively. In 1936, Sigurd Hoel and she divorced, and in 1937 she married Wessel Waal and took the last name Waal for good.
While in Berlin, Waal became associated with Wilhelm Reich and accompanied him when he fled Nazi persecution by moving to Norway. She continued her training first under another refugee from the Nazi regime, the Austrian Otto Fenichel, and then with Reich until 1939, when she opened her own psychoanalytic practice and joined the staff at Gaustad psychiatric hospital, where she remained on staff until 1947.
During the German occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1945, Waal became active in the underground resistance to the occupation. Among other activities, she was central in assuring the escape of Jewish children from Oslo, thereby saving them from deportation and certain death. For this effort, she was named among the Norwegian Righteous among the Nations. She was also active in the Norwegian clandestine intelligence service, XU.
In the spring of 1945, she was briefly arrested and escaped to Sweden. 
Waal resumed her professional activities immediately after the war. She remained on the staff at Gaustad and also at Ullevål hospital, but also worked in Denmark, United States, Switzerland, and France, with Serge Lebovici. She was remembered by Cyrille Koupernik as "that Norwegian madwoman". In 1951, she was board certified as a psychiatrist, and in 1953, as one of the first in Norway, within paediatric and adolescent psychiatry.
Soon after her application to be the chief of staff at the newly formed Institute for Paediatric and Adolescent Psychiatry at Rikshospitalet was turned down (supposedly because her physical presentation was messy) in 1951, she started her own institute, named Nic Waals Institutt; first in her basement in the suburb Husebygrenda and eventually to the "blue house" in Munkedamsveien near Skillebekk. 
Waal remained professionally active as the director of her institute until her death in 1960, also finding time to help juvenile offenders. She had two children with Wessel Waal, the psychiatrist Helge Waal (who also became her biographer) and the child psychologist Berit Waal Skaslien. She divorced Waal and married Alex Helju in 1951, who died in a boating accident in 1954.
Professional contributions and legacy.
In spite of her personal problems, Nic Waal maintained an active and passionate professional life, integrating advocacy on public health issues, a strong interest in teaching, and clinical discipline into a broad range of issues in her field. She made lasting contributions within the areas of:
When interviewed by the Norwegian radio shortly before her death, she said: 
The Nic Waal Institute, though renamed for some time, now continues as a leading regional teaching and clinical institution in Oslo under the auspices of Lovisenberg Diakonale Sykhus.

</doc>
<doc id="19577290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577290" title="Bledsoe Creek State Park">
Bledsoe Creek State Park

Bledsoe Creek State Park is a state park in Sumner County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. The park consists of managed by the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation. The park spans much of the west shore of the Bledsoe Creek embayment of Old Hickory Lake, an impoundment of the Cumberland River created with the completion of Old Hickory Dam by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1954. 
Bledsoe Creek State Park was developed as a recreational area by the Corps as part of its Old Hickory Dam project, and was designated a state park by the state of Tennessee in 1973. The park is primarily a campground and recreational boating and fishing area, although the park has developed several miles of hiking trails and provides environmental programs throughout the year. The park is located within a radius of the Wynnewood and Cragfont state historic sites, Bledsoe's Fort Historic Park, a Mississippian-period mound complex, and the Cairo Rosenwald School, all of which attest to the area's pre-historic and historic importance to the Upper Cumberland region.
Geographical and natural setting.
The Cumberland River, which enters Tennessee from the mountains of Kentucky to the northeast, flows westward across Sumner County en route to the Nashville area. Old Hickory Lake, created in 1954 by the completion of Old Hickory Dam and Lock near Hendersonville, spans a section of the river between the dam and Cordell Hull Dam near Carthage. Approximately upstream from Old Hickory Dam, the Cumberland River absorbs Bledsoe Creek, which flows southward from its source on the northern Highland Rim, forming an embayment that spans the lower of the creek. Bledsoe Creek State Park spans most of the northwest shore of this embayment.
Bledsoe Creek State Park is situated just off Tennessee State Route 25 (Hartsville Pike), roughly halfway between Gallatin and Hartsville, and northeast of Nashville. The park is located entirely in Sumner County. The park is managed by the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation, which leases the land from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
Bledsoe Creek State Park is located in the Central Basin physiographic region. The park's terrain consists of low hills that give way to a flat shoreline. Approximately 68% of the park is forested and 12% is aquatic, with the remainder being open fields or developed land. Fauna include whitetail deer, wild turkey, beaver, bobcat, fox, and muskrat. Bald eagles and golden eagles are occasionally spotted in winter.
History.
Native Americans have been hunting and camping in the Sumner County area for over 12,000 years. Artifacts dating to the Paleo-Indian and Archaic periods have been found in the park's vicinity, and a substantial Mississippian-period (c. 1000-1500 A.D.) village was located at nearby Castalian Springs. The Sumner region was probably part of Shawnee territory throughout the 17th century, although they had been expelled by the Cherokee and Chickasaw by around 1700.
The first major Euro-American expeditions into Sumner County were led by long hunters, so called because the relatively long duration of their hunting expeditions. Long hunter Henry Scaggs was hunting along the Cumberland as early as 1765, and James Smith led the first major long hunting expedition into the Cumberland region in 1766. Between 1769 and 1772, a large group of long hunters were active in the Upper Cumberland region, among them Kasper Mansker and Isaac Bledsoe (c. 1735-1794). At one point the expedition established a base camp along Station Camp Creek (giving the creek its name) a few miles west of modern Gallatin. In 1772, Bledsoe discovered the creek and salt lick that now bear his name (the lick was near modern Castalian Springs). In the early 1780s, at the end of the American Revolution, Bledsoe returned to the salt lick and built Bledsoe's Station, one of a series of small forts erected to protect early Middle Tennessee settlers from hostile Native Americans.
Hostility between Native Americans and Euro-American settlers increased throughout the 1780s as Euro-American settlers flooded into the Middle Tennessee region. Colonel Anthony Bledsoe (1733–1787), an older brother of Isaac, reported to the governor of North Carolina that 14 settlers had been killed in 1786 alone. Anthony Bledsoe himself was killed in an ambush at Bledsoe's Station the following year. In 1791, Jacob Ziegler built Ziegler's Fort near what is now Bledsoe Creek State Park. The fort was overrun within a few months, however, after a day-long attack that killed Ziegler and several others. The threat of Native American attacks finally subsided in 1794 with the end of the Chickamauga Wars.
After the State of Tennessee was created in 1796, the state's legislature passed a resolution calling for the creation of a county seat for Sumner County. The new city was to be named "Ca Ira" after a song made popular by the French Revolution. Bickering among the county commissioners delayed the establishment of the city for several years, and they eventually decided to place the seat in Gallatin. In 1799, General James Winchester (1752–1826) and William Cage, Jr. purchased immediately south of Ziegler's Fort at the confluence of Bledsoe's Creek and the Cumberland River for the establishment of a town. The new town's name, "Cairo", was either a corruption of Ca Ira— the name chosen for the county seat— or was selected by Winchester, a fan of ancient history (Winchester was later instrumental in the establishment of Memphis, also named after an Egyptian city). 
Cairo quickly became one of the key river trading hubs in the Upper Cumberland region. Winchester and Cage established a mercantile business and a successful flatboat trade between Cairo and New Orleans. By 1812, the city had its own cotton mill, woolen mill, saw mill, gristmill, still house, and tavern. The death of Winchester in 1826 and the improvement and shift of the main road between Knoxville and Nashville away from Sumner, however, led to Cairo's eventual decline. In 1923, the Cairo community took advantage of Rosenwald Funds to establish a school for African-American children, which operated until 1959. The Cairo Rosenwald School, located just north of Bledsoe Creek State Park, was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
The park today.
Bledsoe Creek State Park maintains a 57-site campground, two boat ramps, and two picnic pavilions along with several playground areas. Old Hickory Lake is stocked with bluegill, crappie, catfish, and bass for recreational fishing. The park also has a designated wildlife observation area and offers various environmental programs.
Over of hiking trails meander through the forest and along the lakeshore of the park. The Shoreline Trail is long, mostly following the park's lakeshore and wildlife observation area. The High Ridge Trail is long and follows the ridgecrest near the park's northern boundary. The Birdsong Trail is a paved trail that winds through the woods near the visitor center. 
Since 2003, park officials and volunteers have been working to catalogue the various plant and animal species found within the park. Funds from Tennessee's Iris License Plate project have helped with revegetation and tree planting efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19577291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577291" title="Walter De Brouwer">
Walter De Brouwer

Walter De Brouwer (; born May 9, 1957) is a Belgian internet and technology entrepreneur, futurist and semiotician.
Academic.
De Brouwer was born in Aalst, Belgium. He earned a Masters degree in linguistics from the University of Ghent in 1980 and a PhD in Semiotics from Tilburg University in 2005. He was a lecturer at the University of Antwerp (UFSIA) and an adjunct professor at the International University of Monaco from 2001-2004. He is an Entrepreneur in Residence with the Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning at Judge Business School at the University of Cambridge since 2004. He sits on the editorial advisory board of the Journal for Chinese Entrepreneurship.
Publisher.
De Brouwer set up Riverland Publications in 1990 to publish personal computer magazines. In 1994, De Brouwer sold his titles to VNU. He then published the cyberpunk magazine "Wave", edited by Michel Bauwens and designed by Niels Shoe Meulman. Wave was a cult Belgian avantgarde magazine which joined Boing-Boing and Mondo 2000 as bridge between the underground and the world of the future.
Internet.
In 1996 De Brouwer was one of the founders of PING, later sold to EUnet. In April 1998 the company was sold to Qwest Communications International, which in turn later merged EUnet in with the ill fated KPNQwest. In 1999, his electronic employment site Jobscape
merged with eight similar sites to make up Stepstone. Stepstone went public with a price tag of £365m on the London Stock Exchange.
In 2008, De Brouwer set up OLPC Europe, the European branch of One Laptop per Child.
Research labs.
In 1996, he set up Starlab. It specialized in blue skies research, deep future research, and BANG (Bits, Atoms, Neurons and Genes) research. Starlab produced generic patents in intelligent clothing, and worked on time travel. One of its spinoffs (spitters.com) was collecting spit for personal genomics typing. The laboratory closed during the dot-com bubble in 2001.
In 2011 De Brouwer joined the Brain-Computer-Interface company Emotiv, where he became the CEO of Europe.
He is a board member of Tau Zero Foundation, formerly known as NASA’s Breakthrough Propulsion Physics Program which recently published the state-of-the-art work The Frontiers of Propulsion.
He is also currently the CEO of Scanadu, a company located at the NASA Ames Research Park in California, which plans to develop hand-held health diagnostic devices, similar to the tricorder from Star Trek.
Other activities.
De Brouwer is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and served as President of RSA Europe from 2006 to 2008. He is a member of TED, a Founding Member of TEDGlobal, and curator of TEDxBrussels and TEDxKids Brussels. He is a Knight in the Order of Leopold and a member of the Education Board of the Lifeboat Foundation. Since 2009 De Brouwer is the Director of the Founder Institute Brussels. He has guest posted on Quantified Self.
De Brouwer has two children with his current wife and a daughter from a previous marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19577302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577302" title="Don Cenobio Sauza">
Don Cenobio Sauza

Don Cenobio Sauza (October 30, 1842 – February 15, 1909), known as the "Father of Tequila," was one of the earliest and longest lasting distillers of the tequila spirit – founding the Sauza Tequila distillery – La Perseverancia – in 1873.
Early life.
Cenobio Sauza was born on a farm in Jalisco, Mexico. He was the third child of Hilario Sauza (died 1857) and Doña Margarita Madrigal Navarro. He worked on his father’s farm together with his siblings Adelaida, Juana, Fernanda, Luis and Herminia until he was sixteen.
In 1858 Cenobio traveled to Tequila to visit his cousin Ramon Corona Madrigal. Enamored with the county, Cenobio settled in Tequila and got a job working at the distillery of José Antonio Gómez Cuervo. There he learned how to farm agave and distill mezcal-tequila wine.
Beginning his Career.
Cenobio began to export mezcal-tequila wine from Tequila to other parts of the country. In 1870, no longer content to just sell, Sauza leased the "La Gallardeña" distillery from Lazaro Gallardo. Sauza was successful enough that three years later, on September 1, 1873 he purchased the La Antigua Cruz (The Old Cross) distillery (the oldest registered tequila distillery, founded in 1805 by José Maria Castañeda) from Don Felix Lopez for 5,000 pesos and renamed it La Perseverancia (Perseverance). The former employee of Cuervo had successfully founded Sauza Tequila – becoming one of Cuervo's great rivals.
In 1873 Sauza was the first to export tequila to the United States when he crossed through the border at El Paso del Norte (Northern Pass) carrying three casks and six jugs of his mezcal-tequila wine. This was the beginning of the export market for tequila.
Marriage and children.
Cenobio married Doña Margarita Muro, with whom he had seven children, all born in the city of Tequila:
Growing Sauza Tequila.
The arrival of the railroad in Tequila increased Sauza’s business and in 1889 he purchased the "La Gallardeña" distillery from Lazaro Gallardo. The same year he also purchased the Hacienda de San Martin de las Cañas from Vicente Orendain. This became Sauza’s headquarters and was simply known as La Hacienda. Cenobio planted more than 2 million agave and started producing about 800 casks of tequila a year at La Hacienda. He purchased and sold thirteen more distilleries and numerous fields of agave, always working at least three at a time in order to remain the leader in tequila production and sales.
Don Cenobio is credited with determining that the blue agave was the best agave for tequila in the 1890s, and others in the industry echoed his choice.
Other Enterprises.
Cenobio’s interests extended beyond the production of tequila, including:
The Final Years.
Cenobio continued to grow his tequila business until his death at age 67 in his residence in Guadalajara. His innovation and perseverance helped to create a great industry and economy for Jalisco. At his death, Cenobio left the Sauza Tequila empire in the hands of his son Don Eladio Sauza.

</doc>
<doc id="19577305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577305" title="Soundview Preparatory School">
Soundview Preparatory School

Soundview Preparatory School is a coed private preparatory school that serves grades 6-12. It is located in Yorktown Heights, NY. It was founded in March 1989 by its Headmaster W. Glyn Hearn after a group of families came forward seeking an alternative school. It moved from its original location at St. John's Church in Pleasantville to the Union Church of Pocantico Hills, and then to an office building in Mount Kisco, New York, and finally moved its current location because the school grew in size. The school is based on the philosophy that students will grow academically and socially by learning in a non competitive environment.
Curriculum.
Soundview Preparatory School has a roughly 4-to-1 class to teacher ratio. The extremely small class sizes exists because the headmaster believes that small class sizes promote a better learning environment. The small class size also guarantees that the student forms good social skills and group dynamics. 
The school offers a variety of courses, including, but not limited to, Algebra, Geometry, Calculus, English, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, American History, World Civilization I and II, AP European History, AP US History, AP US Government, Psychology, and Art. The school has a strong foreign language department as well, with courses in French, Spanish, Italian, and, upon request, Latin. In addition, AP versions of some courses are available. 
Soundview believes that students should take courses that are on their level, whether that level be lower or higher than average. Due to this, new students, or students who have been at the school for a time already, can be put into courses intended for grades higher or lower than theirs, sometimes having their grade raised or lowered entirely.
Extracurricular activities.
Soundview has many clubs, each one hosted by a teacher, where students can meet others who share an immediate interest. Some clubs are the Drama Club, the Ski Club, the Food & Fine Dining Club, the Politics Club, the Chess Club, and the Yearbook Club. Usually, the clubs meet once a week.
Soundview's athletes are the Soundview Bulldogs, and sports played throughout the year include soccer, basketball, and Ultimate Frisbee. To foster a sense of community and school spirit, all students are encouraged to attend at least some games. 
In past years, the school has had an annual trip to a foreign country, and students have been able to visit Italy, Greece, China, Russia, and Argentina. The school is planning a high-school trip to London this year.
Another way that Soundview helps its students feel a sense of community is by requiring six weeks of community service. 
Soundview also has an mock trial team that started up in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="19577314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577314" title="Acid maceration">
Acid maceration

Acid maceration is a technique to extract organic microfossils from a surrounding rock matrix using acid.
Hydrochloric acid or acetic acid may be used to extract phosphatic fossils, such as the small shelly fossils, from a carbonate matrix.
Hydrofluoric acid is also used in acid macerations to extract organic fossils from silicate rocks. Fossiliferous rock may be immersed directly into the acid, or a cellulose nitrate film may be applied (dissolved in amyl acetate), which adheres to the organic component and allows the rock to be dissolved around it.

</doc>
<doc id="19577322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577322" title="Social network hosting service">
Social network hosting service

A social network hosting service is a web hosting service that specifically hosts the user creation of web-based social networking services, alongside related applications. Such services are also known as vertical social networks due to the creation of SNSes which cater to specific user interests and niches; like larger, interest-agnostic SNSes, such niche networking services may also possess the ability to create increasingly niche groups of users.

</doc>
<doc id="19577386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577386" title="Stranglers' Moon">
Stranglers' Moon

"Stranglers' Moon" is a 1976 science fiction novel written by Stephen Goldin, the second book in the Family D'Alembert series, the first of which was expanded by Goldin from a novella by E.E. “Doc” Smith.
Plot introduction.
This is the second in a series of ten Family D'Alembert novels. Set in a future where humankind has expanded to the stars but reverted to an old-style feudal system of government in an advanced technological setting, all known planets and space are ruled by an Earth based Empire. 
Plot summary.
Jules and Yvette D'Alembert are a brother and sister team of aerialists in the D'Alembert family Circus of the Empire. But they are also legendary agents "Wombat" and "Periwinkle" in SOTE, "The Service of The Empire", the imperial intelligence agency, sent to investigate the disappearance of a planetary economist and his wife on a moon devoted to recreation: seemingly a vacationers' paradise...
The plot is based in part on Thuggee.

</doc>
<doc id="19577388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577388" title="Melanodrymiidae">
Melanodrymiidae

Melanodrymiidae is a family of gastropods belonging to the superfamily Neomphaloidea 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera and species.
Genera and species within the family Melanodrymiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19577389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577389" title="Housing Affairs Letter">
Housing Affairs Letter

Housing Affairs Letter is a news service (or newsletter) produced in Silver Spring, MD by CD Publications. It covers the public, private and subsidized housing industries. Its significance lies in the fact that it is one of the oldest publications of its kind still being produced.
History.
"Housing Affairs Letter" was the first newsletter produced by CD Publications upon its founding in 1961. It began publication four years before the creation of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, and a significant percentage of its coverage since then has focused on HUD.
Over the years, "HAL" articles have been reprinted, referenced, quoted or mentioned in numerous periodicals and journals, including "The Washington Post", the "National Review", "The Journal of Housing", and the "Journal of Urban Law".
"HAL" has been mentioned in or used as a reference for many books, including:
Additionally, HAL has appeared in Congressional reports, in documents of city planning and development committees, and in multiple publications of such housing organizations as the Fannie Mae Foundation. In 2007, "HAL" appeared as "suggested additional reading" on Dr. Sammis B. White's syllabus for a class entitled "Housing Markets and Public Policy." It was mentioned alongside such respected national publications as "Fortune", "Forbes" and the "Wall Street Journal".
Current Coverage.
"HAL" reports on the full housing industry, with emphases on HUD, Fannie Mae, Federal Reserve Board activities, Congressional legislation and Fair Housing.
Expansion.
In 2007, "HAL" was changed to a web-based format and, along with CD Publications' other housing news services, was moved onto the web portal HousingandDevelopment.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19577397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577397" title="Peltospiridae">
Peltospiridae

Peltospiridae is a small family of gastropods that used to belong to the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), but is now included in the clade Neomphalina 
This family has no subfamilies 
Genera.
Genera within the family Peltospiridae:

</doc>
<doc id="19577421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577421" title="Derek Bond (bishop)">
Derek Bond (bishop)

Charles Derek Bond (born on 23 August 1930) was the Bishop of Bradwell from 1976 until 1993.
Bond was educated at Bournemouth School and King's College London before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at St Peter-le-Poer, Friern Barnet. After incumbencies at Harringay and Harrow Weald he was appointed Archdeacon of Colchester before being elevated to the Episcopate. In retirement he continues to serve the Church as an Assistant Bishop – previously within the Diocese of Worcester and currently in the Diocese of Chelmsford.

</doc>
<doc id="19577425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577425" title="Anatomidae">
Anatomidae

Anatomidae is a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Anatomidae was raised to the rank of subfamily to the rank of family in a study by Geiger & Jansen (2004). Bouchet & Rocroi placed it in the superfamily Scissurelloidea. This was disputed in 2008 by Yasunori Kano who does not believe that Anatomidae should be separated from Scissurellidae and actually states that it is the subfamily Anatominae. He suggests that this result was induced by contamination or mislabelling. 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Anatomidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19577440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577440" title="Seguenziidae">
Seguenziidae

Seguenziidae is a family of extremely small deepwater sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Seguenzioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Distribution.
Species from this family occur in the Atlantic Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, the Indian Ocean and the Antarctic Ocean, mostly at bathyal and abyssal depths. Only a few species have been found at depths less than 300 m and none at intertidal depths. 
Description.
The thin, translucent, white shell has a trochiform shape. They are small or very small. Their maximum height is 22 mm. They are usually nacreous. The inner lip has often a tooth-like fold. The outer lip has characteristically one to three concave notches (except in the genus "Guttula"). The chitinous operculum is multispiral. The rhipidoglossan radula has intermediate characteristics of the former order Archaeogastropoda (by having more than two pairs of marginal teeth) and the former order Mesogastropoda (by having a single pair of lateral teeth). 
Taxonomy.
This family consists of four following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005) with the following genera 

</doc>
<doc id="19577456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577456" title="Daniel Freeman (disambiguation)">
Daniel Freeman (disambiguation)

Daniel Freeman (1826–1908) was an American physician and Civil War veteran.
Daniel Freeman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19577462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577462" title="Solariellidae">
Solariellidae

Solariellidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
This family consists of extremely diverse species and needs taxonomic revision. The relationship between genera are often uncertain. Many species remain undescribed or have been recently described.
Description.
Most species in this family are small, usually up to 10 mm. They show a diverse range of morphologies.The shell has a conical shape with rounded whorls and a wide umbilicus.
Distribution.
The species in the family Solariellidae occurs worldwide from the sublittoral zone to bathyal depths.
Genera.
Genera within the family Solariellidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19577476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577476" title="Liotiidae">
Liotiidae

Liotiidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Description.
The head of the animal is proboscidiform. The epipodial line has a pair of conical lobes and three pairs of cirri.
The white shell has a turbiniform or discoidal shape. It shows longitudinal ribs or is clathrate. The shell shows a fine lamellar sculpture. The circular aperture is feebly nacreous. The thick peristome is continuous and shows a callous varix. The multispiral operculum is hispid, corneous and has a soft, calcareous outer layer (intritacalx) formed of pearly beads that are disposed spirally.
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
The family Liotiidae belongs to the superfamily Turbinoidea, according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family consists of the three following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2008 taxonomy.
Liotiidae was moved to the redefined superfamily Trochoidea according to Williams et al. (2008).
Genera.
Genera in this family include:
subfamily Liotiinae
subfamily † Brochidiinae
subfamily † Dichostasiinae

</doc>
<doc id="19577484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577484" title="Phasianellidae">
Phasianellidae

Phasianellidae common name the "pheasant shells" or "pheasant snails" is a family of small sea snails with calcareous opercula, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
Phasianellidae is placed in the superfamily Turbinoidea according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family consists of three following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2008 taxonomy.
Phasianellidae (and Colloniidae) belong in the superfamily Phasianelloidea according to Williams "et al". (2008).
Genera.
Genera withn the family Phasianellidae include:
Phasianellinae
Gabrieloninae
Tricoliinae

</doc>
<doc id="19577494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577494" title="Judd Marmor">
Judd Marmor

Judd Marmor (2 May 1910 – 16 December 2003) was an American psychiatrist known for his role in removing homosexuality from the American Psychiatric Association "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders".
Life and career.
Marmor was born in London. He graduated from Columbia University and received his medical degree there in 1933, then moved to Los Angeles in 1946.
Marmor and Evelyn Hooker began collaborating on depathologizing homosexuality in the mid-1960s. She contributed a chapter to his 1965 book "Sexual Inversion" and recruited him for a task force on homosexuality sponsored by the National Institute of Mental Health.
He served as director of psychiatry at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and professor of psychiatry at the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="19577531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577531" title="Rayny Forster">
Rayny Forster

Rayny Forster is a Canadian singer and founder of Moshpit Tragedy Records.
The Posers.
Forster was born in Windsor, Ontario, Canada where he fronted the thrash-punk outfit The Posers, a band who "single rejuvenated the punk rock scene – making it relevant to a whole new generation – as well as inspiring the city’s young thrash scene and giving birth to Windsor’s hardcore scene." A string of vinyl and cd releases were issued on DIY labels from Canada, Germany, Italy, Japan and the US before the band caught the attention of Cargo Music, who signed them for their 2000 full-length, "Anti-Christian Animosity". Despite mild criticism over signing to the label who spawned Blink 182, reviews of the album were generally well received.
Hulluus.
In 2005, Forster and John Bellon relocated to Kenosha, Wisconsin to join the crust punk band, Hulluus. The project ultimately lasted only six months however during that time they toured the midwest consistently, and released a split CD with The Murder Squad T.O. on Wounded Paw Records.
Moshpit Tragedy Records.
In 2006, while living in Montreal Quebec, Forster launched Moshpit Tragedy Records, which after one year abandoned releasing cds in favour of a new sliding-scale download format. After becoming the first record label to allow visitors to their website to set their own price, and even download entire albums for free, Metal Hammer printed an article in which Ozzy Osbourne bassist Rob Nicholson stated "This model could very well be the future of all indie labels." With virtually no budget, in the first year after their split from traditional physical formats more than 11,430 complete albums were downloaded. Although Forster is the founder of Moshpit Tragedy, he is actually a volunteer as he does not receive any pay from the label.
Film.
Forster appears on the Amebix "Risen" DVD, which was released in 2009. The film features a comprehensive history of the band, never before seen concert footage, and interviews with others involved or influenced by the band such as Jello Biafra, Neurosis, Disorder, Flux of Pink Indians and more.
In 2007, it was announced that Forster would take part in the upcoming record industry documentary Behind The Suit and Tie. The film, which has been delayed repeatedly, will take a look inside the current problems with the record industry as well as its future and also features interviews with Relapse Records, Roadrunner Records, Metal Blade Records, Earache Records, Century Media Records, Ferret Records and Megaforce Records, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19577560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577560" title="Rubik's Brain Racker">
Rubik's Brain Racker

"Rubik's Brain Racker" is a single-player puzzle in the Rubik's line. The puzzle comes with numerous goals to work on and achieve. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2007.
Gameplay.
Rubik's Brain Racker is a puzzle that allows for numerous solutions, some given on the back of the packaging. The puzzle is a number of triangles on tracks on a plastic ball. They all have a number (1-5) and a color (red, yellow, blue, and green. To begin playing and solving the puzzle, the user grasps the metal ring on the puzzle and rotates it, allowing the red 1 triangle to pop out of the puzzle and letting the user move the other pieces around. Some examples of goals for the puzzle are to get two colors of triangles into straight lines while having the other two colors in the shape (roughly) in a circle. Another example is to position the triangles into a mosaic in such a way that no elements of the same color are touching. Some variations on these goals require the numbers to be in the correct order, or to not repeat the same number in each of the 12 overlapping, roughly circular panels of five pieces 

</doc>
<doc id="19577589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577589" title="Amersfoort Schothorst railway station">
Amersfoort Schothorst railway station

Amersfoort Schothorst is a railway station on the Utrecht–Kampen railway between Amersfoort and Zwolle. It is located in north Amersfoort, Netherlands. The station is operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS).
History.
The station opened in 1987 as a suburban complement to the main Amersfoort railway station. The station serves the suburbs of Schothorst, Zielhorst, Liendert and Rustenburg and the industrial area De Hoef.
The station was the terminus first for many trains originating from and departing in the direction of Hoofddorp and later from and in the direction of Alkmaar and Amsterdam Centraal; a third track was built for these services in 1997. When a second suburban station, Amersfoort Vathorst, was opened to the north of Schothorst in May 2006, it became the endpoint for those services that had previously terminated at Schothorst, leaving the third track free. However, since December 2007 this track has been used as the terminus for Intercity trains to and from Rotterdam Centraal.
Train services.
The following train services currently call at Amersfoort Schothorst:

</doc>
<doc id="19577638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577638" title="Richard Freeman">
Richard Freeman

Richard Freeman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19577676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577676" title="Murchisoniidae">
Murchisoniidae

Murchisoniidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Murchisonioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Murchisoniidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19577741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577741" title="Joan of Arc (album)">
Joan of Arc (album)

Joan of Arc is a 2006 album by mimimalist composer Tony Conrad. The piece, which lasts unbroken for over an hour, was originally written by Conrad as a soundtrack to accompany Piero Heliczer's like-named short film.
Overview.
"Joan of Arc" is something of a stylistic departure for Conrad, who is best known for his work with minimalist violin, exemplified by his most famous album "Outside the Dream Syndicate". "Joan of Arc" instead showcases Conrad's improvisational technique on the pump organ.
The album is one of a series of lost-and-found minimalist recordings released by the independent label Table of the Elements. Conrad originally recorded the piece in 1968 for the soundtrack to Piero Heliczar's 11 minute short film "Joan of Arc". However, he was not aware of the length of the film, so he played continuously for the length of an entire reel-to-reel tape in the hope that it would be enough for Heliczar.

</doc>
<doc id="19577788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577788" title="Hapoel Balfouria F.C.">
Hapoel Balfouria F.C.

Hapoel Balfouria () was an Israeli football club based in Balfouria. The club spent two seasons in the top division in the mid-1950s, finishing at the bottom on both occasions.
Hapoel were promoted to Liga Alef (then the top division) in 1953. In their first season at the top level they finished last, with only four wins in 22 matches. However, they were not relegated as the top flight was expanded to 14 clubs with the establishment of Liga Leumit in 1954. The 1954-55 season saw the club again finish last. They conceded 129 goals, still a league record, and twice lost by more than 10 goals (2-13 to Hapoel Petah Tikva and 0-12 at Maccabi Tel Aviv). At the end of the season they were relegated to Liga Alef, and in the following season, they suffered subsequent relegation to Liga Bet. in 1956–57 they won the North division of Liga Bet and made an immediate return to Liga Alef. 
Home matches of the club were played in Afula, as also, prior to their second season in the top flight, at the summer of 1954, the club merged with local football club, Hapoel Afula.
In the Israel State Cup, the biggest achievement of the club was reaching the Quarter-finals in the 1956–57 season. after 5-2 victory over Hakoah Tel Aviv in the round of 16, Balfouria was defeated 1-4 by Maccabi Jaffa in the Quarter-finals.
In the 1957–58 season, while playing in the second division, the club was officially known as Hapoel Afula, although they were mentioned by the press in both Hapoel Balfouria and Hapoel Afula names. the club continued to play as Hapoel Afula, and the name of Balfouria was dropped.
In the 1964-65 season, there was an attempt to revive the club. however, that attempt was short-lived, as also that season, the re-established club did not turn up for Israel State Cup tie against Hapoel Or Akiva, and lost 0-3 by forfeit. furthermore, up to the double season of 1966-68, another club, Hapoel Vatikei Balfouria (lit. "Hapoel Balfouria Veterans") operated in Balfouria. No football club operated in Balfouria ever since.

</doc>
<doc id="19577793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577793" title="Bog River">
Bog River

The Bog River, also called the Bog River Flow is a river that originates near the sources of the Oswegatchie River, in Hamilton County, New York in the Adirondacks, and flows through Lows Lake and Hitchens Pond, ending at the Bog River Falls at the entrance to Tupper Lake. For much of its length it is flat water owing to two hydroelectric dams built by Abbot Augustus Low early in the 20th century. There are forty established campsites. The stretch from Tupper Lake to Hitchens pond has been designated as a Scenic River by the State of New York. The river is part of the Five Ponds and the Round Lake Wilderness Areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19577807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577807" title="Musabeyli, Azerbaijan">
Musabeyli, Azerbaijan

Musabeyli, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19577808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577808" title="Levy County Courthouse">
Levy County Courthouse

The Levy County Courthouse, built in 1937, is an historic redbrick Classical Revival style courthouse building located in Bronson, Florida. It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock. It is Levy County's fourth purpose-built courthouse and the third one built in Bronson. Some material salvaged from the previous (1906) courthouse were used in its construction. An annex has been added to it.
In 1989, the Levy County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19577857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577857" title="1967–68 DFB-Pokal">
1967–68 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1967–68 was the 25th season of the competition. It began on 27 January 1968 and ended on 9 June 1968. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final the 1. FC Köln defeated the VfL Bochum 4–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19577859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577859" title="Fever for Da Flavor">
Fever for Da Flavor

Fever for Da Flavor is the debut album from H-Town that was released on April 15, 1993. The group gained popularity in America with "Knockin' Da Boots", H-Town's biggest hit to date. "Boots" was a #1 hit on the R&B charts, and hit #3 on the Billboard Hot 100. "Lick U Up", the bands follow-up single, was also released from the album but was less successful in the charts. The band won a 1993 Soul Train Music Award for Best New Artist. That same year, H-Town became part of the Coca-Cola tour, which also included Shai, SWV, and Silk.

</doc>
<doc id="19577861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577861" title="Didem Erol">
Didem Erol

Didem Erol, also known as Dana Flynn is an Australian-born Turkish American actress, model, and TV host. She was born in Sydney to Turkish parents and lives in Los Angeles, California. Amidst media speculation, Didem Erol confirmed she was dating Quentin Tarantino whom she met in Cannes, France. Erol's relationship with the American film director Tarantino ended after four years. She is also close friends with Oliver Stone. Holding multiple citizenships, Didem Erol is fluent in English and Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="19577887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577887" title="Gösta Larsson">
Gösta Larsson

Gösta Larsson (1931–2006) was the first recipient ever of a modern dental implant, which occurred in 1965. Prof. Per-Ingvar Brånemark, by then Professor of Anatomy at Gothenburg University in Sweden, placed the first titanium dental implant into a human volunteer.
Mr. Larsson, a Swede who was edentulous at the time and had been born with severe chin and jaw deformities, agreed to the test because he wanted to have teeth again. He died in 2006, having used his implants for over 40 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19577892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577892" title="Xinfeng, Hsinchu">
Xinfeng, Hsinchu

Xinfeng Township () is an urban township in Hsinchu County in northern Taiwan. It had an estimated population of 51,664 as of 2007.
History.
Xinfeng is a major industrial and manufacturing center in Hsinchu. It shares the Hsinchu Industrial Park with its neighboring town, Hukou. It is also the home of Ming Hsin University.

</doc>
<doc id="19577920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577920" title="Colette Fitzpatrick">
Colette Fitzpatrick

Colette Fitzpatrick is, since September 2006, one of the main news anchors at TV3 News for TV3 Ireland. She is a native of Holycross, Thurles, County Tipperary.
Fitzpatrick is a TV3 news anchor. She presents TV3's daily news bulletins at 5:30 and is the host of TV3's "Midday". She also hosts the prime time current affairs show "Midweek" every Wednesday at 10.00pm. 
Fitzpatrick began working in the TV3 newsroom in March 2001. She has edited and anchored bulletins for the morning news programme "Ireland AM" and also reported on a range issues for the main evening news. She reported from Kashmir on the aftermath of the earthquake. She was also a regular stand-in as main presenter on "Ireland AM" alongside Mark Cagney, Alan Hughes and Aidan Cooney. 
Fizpatrick previously worked in the newsroom in Today FM where she edited and presented hourly bulletins and reported on a range of stories including courts and tribunals. She produced "The Sunday Supplement", presented by Sam Smyth, and also previously worked at East Coast FM in County Wicklow where she first began her broadcasting career. Colette graduated in Journalism from DIT in Aungier Street. 
Fitzpatrick is married to station manager Niall McDermot. In June 2010, Fitzpatrick confirmed that she was expecting her first child, due in November. Son Milo was born on 18 November 2010, but it was a nightmare birth as chronicled by Fitzpatrick herself.

</doc>
<doc id="19577963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577963" title="Mathias Jack">
Mathias Jack

Mathias Jack (born 15 February 1969 in Leipzig) is a retired German footballer who played primarily as a defender and was last both player and manager of DJK Amisia Rheine 1926.
Jack began his career with Wismut Aue before moving to VfB Oldenburg in 1991. Following two years with them, Jack had a similar length of spell with Rot-Weiss Essen. Jack played for Essen in the 1994 German Cup Final. He then had spells with VfL Bochum and Fortuna Düsseldorf. 
Jack moved to Scottish side Hibernian in 1999, going on to make over 100 appearances for the Easter Road side. He played for Hibs in the 2001 Scottish Cup Final, a 3–0 defeat by Celtic. Following his departure in the summer of 2003, Jack had a short spell with Raith Rovers in November before returning to his hometown with Sachsen Leipzig. In 2005, Jack moved abroad again to Icelandic side Grindavik before returning to Germany in 2006 with SV Meppen.
Jack joined Rheine in January 2008, initially signing a contract until the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19577972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577972" title="313 (film)">
313 (film)

313 is a 2008 British film that tells the story of a troubled 17-year-old Layth Ali (Inayat Kanji) who finds himself on the wrong side of the law following the death of his older brother, and soon discovers his only way out is his hard-line orthodox Principal, Hakimi - Head of the Islamic College. Layth is given two weeks to complete an assignment on a subject that he refuses to believe in The Mahdi. The reluctant student seeks the help of Mohsin (Abbas Virjee), an unusual, mystical Shaykh, who catapults him into a world of spiritual discovery, faith and understanding.

</doc>
<doc id="19577987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19577987" title="Song of the Free">
Song of the Free

"Song of the Free" is a song of the Underground Railroad written in 1860 about a man fleeing slavery in Tennessee by escaping to Canada via the Underground Railroad. It is composed to the tune of "Oh! Susanna".
Lyrics.
The song alludes to, and explicitly states, the lack of freedom experienced by African Americans, and of their servitude to "masters" who controlled them. It highlights the dangers they were willing to face in order to escape enslavement, including death. Every stanza ends with a reference to Canada as the land ""where colored men are free"". Although there had been slavery in Canada, an 1803 ruling by Chief Justice William Osgoode had set free many slaves, and the practice was completely abolished in 1834 with the passing of the Slavery Abolition Act in the British Parliament, which at the time still governed Upper and Lower Canada. This led to the development of the Underground Railroad.
The song's first stanza:
<poem>
I'm on my way to Canada,
The dire effects of slavery
My soul is vexed within me more
I'm now resolved to strike the blow
Oh, righteous father, wilt thou not pity me,
And aid me on to Canada, where colored men are free.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="19578024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578024" title="St John's Lodge, London">
St John's Lodge, London

St. John's Lodge is a private residence. Since 1994, it has been leased by the Kuwaiti royal family and the royal family of Brunei. It was for a time the London home of Prince Jefri Bolkiah of Brunei. It is located on the Inner Circle of Regent's Park, London, which until 1965 was in the Metropolitan Borough of St Marylebone and is now part of the City of Westminster.
It was built in 1812 and designed by the architect John Ruffield, for Charles Augustus Tulk. The lodge was the first house to be built in Regents Park. The Royal Parks service describes it and The Holme as the only two villas remaining from John Nash's original conception of Regents Park., which would have included a royal palace, as well as many large villas; a scheme which was soon abandoned. Other owners of the lodge have included Lord Wellesley, Sir Isaac Goldsmid and a Marquess of Bute
The building was occupied by the University of London's Institute of Archaeology, from 1937-1959, and by the history department of Bedford College, from 1959-1983. The adjoining gardens have been open to the public since 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19578046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578046" title="Belizean people">
Belizean people

'"
Belizeans are people originating in the Central American nation of Belize whether they live there or in the Belizean diaspora. Belize is a multiethnic country with residents of African, Amerindian, European and Asian descent or any combination of those groups.
Colonisation, slavery, and immigration have played major roles in affecting the ethnic composition of the population and as a result, Belize is a country with numerous cultures, languages, and ethnic groups.
Maya and early settlers.
The Maya are thought to have been in Belize and the Yucatán region since the second millennium BC; however, much of Belize's original Maya population was wiped out by disease and conflicts between tribes and with Europeans. Three Maya groups now inhabit the country: The Yucatec (who came from Yucatán, Mexico to escape the Caste War of the 1840s), the Mopan (indigenous to Belize but were forced out by the British; they returned from Guatemala to evade slavery in the 19th century), and Kek'Chi (also fled from slavery in Guatemala in the 19th century). The later groups are chiefly found in the Toledo District.
Kriols.
Kriols make up roughly 21% of the Belizean population and about 75% of the Diaspora. They are descendants of the Baymen slave owners, and slaves brought to Belize for the purpose of the logging industry. These slaves were mostly Black (many also of Miskito ancestry) from Nicaragua and born Africans who had spent very brief periods in Jamaica and Bermuda. Bay Islanders and more Jamaicans came in the late 19th century, further adding to these already varied peoples, creating this ethnic group. 
For all intents and purposes, Kriol is an ethnic and linguistic denomination. Some natives, even those blonde and blue-eyed, may call themselves Kriols. The designation is more cultural than racial, and is not limited to some certain physical appearance.
The Kriol language was invented in slavery, and historically only spoken by them. However, this ethnicity has become synonymous with the Belizean national identity, and as a result it is now spoken by about 75% of Belizeans. Kriols are found all over Belize, but predominantly in urban areas such as Belize City, coastal towns and villages, and in the Belize River Valley.
Belize Kriol, also written as Belize Creole, is derived mainly from English. Its substrate languages are the Native American language Miskito, and the various West African and Bantu languages which were brought into the country by slaves. These include Akan, Efik, Ewe, Fula, Ga, Hausa, Igbo, Kikongo and Wolof.
Garinagu.
The Garinagu (singular "Garifuna") are a mix of West/Central African, Arawak, and Carib ancestry. Though they were captives removed from their homelands, these people were never documented as slaves. The two prevailing theories is that in 1635, they were either the survivors of two recorded shipwrecks, or somehow took over the ship they came on.
Throughout history they have been incorrectly labelled as "Black Caribs". When the British took over Saint Vincent and the Grenadines after the Treaty of Paris in 1763, they were opposed by French settlers and their Garinagu allies. The Garinagu eventually surrendered to the British in 1796. The British separated the more African-looking Garifunas from the more indigenous-looking ones. 5,000 Garinagu were exiled from the Grenadine island of Baliceaux. However only about 2,500 of them survived the voyage to Roatán, an island off the coast of Honduras. The Garifuna language belongs to the Arawakan language family, but has a large number of loanwords from Carib languages and from English.
Because Roatán was too small and infertile to support their population, the Garinagu petitioned the Spanish authorities of Honduras to be allowed to settle on the mainland coast. The Spanish employed them as soldiers, and they spread along the Caribbean coast of Central America. The Garinagu settled in Seine Bight, Punta Gorda and Punta Negra, Belize by way of Honduras as early as 1802. However, in Belize 19 November 1832 is the date officially recognised as "Garifuna Settlement Day" in Dangriga. According to one genetic study their ancestry is on average is 76% Sub Saharan African, 20% Arawak/Carib and 4% European.
Mestizos and Spanish.
The Mestizo culture was originated from a mixture of Spanish and Maya. The Mestizos make up to 48% of the population of Belize. The Mestizo towns of Belize have much more in common with neighbouring Yucatán and most of Guatemala and Central America than central, southern or coastal Belize. Towns centre on a main square, and social life focuses on the Catholic Church built on one side of it. Most Mestizos and Spanish speak Spanish, English and Creole fluently.
Around the 1840s, Mestizo, Spanish, and Yucatec settlers from Mexico began to settle in the north because of the Caste War of Yucatán. They predominate in the Corozal, Orange Walk, and much of the Cayo district, as well as San Pedro town in Ambergris Caye.
Other groups.
The remaining 9% or so of the population consist of a mix of Mennonite farmers, Indians, Chinese, whites from the United States and Canada, and many other foreign groups brought to assist the country's development. During the 1860s, a large influx of East Indians who spent brief periods in Jamaica and American Civil War veterans from Louisiana and other Southern states established Confederate settlements in British Honduras and introduced commercial sugar cane production to the colony, establishing 11 settlements in the interior. The 20th century saw the arrival of more Asian settlers from mainland China, South Korea, India, Syria, and Lebanon. Central American immigrants and expatriate Americans and Africans also began to settle in the country.
Emigration, immigration, and demographic shifts.
Kriols and other ethnic groups are emigrating mostly to the United States, but also to the United Kingdom and other developed nations for better opportunities. Based on the latest U.S. Census, the number of Belizeans in the United States is approximately 160,000 (including 70,000 legal residents and naturalised citizens), consisting mainly of Kriols and Garinagu.
Because of conflicts in neighbouring Central American nations, Mestizo refugees from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras have fled to Belize in significant numbers during the 1980s, and have been significantly adding to this group. These two events have been changing the demographics of the nation for the last 30 years.
According to estimates by the CIA in 2009, Belize's total fertility rate currently stands at approximately 3.6 children per woman. Its birth rate is 27.33 births/1,000 population, and the death rate is 5.8 deaths/1,000 population.
26 Most Common Surnames.
A list of the 26 most common surnames in Belize.

</doc>
<doc id="19578051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578051" title="The Golden City (novel)">
The Golden City (novel)

The Golden City is the third in Fourth Realm Trilogy of dystopian novels written by reclusive author John Twelve Hawks. It was released in the United States on September 8, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19578093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578093" title="Simon Vega">
Simon Vega

Simon H. Vega (born October 8, 1935) is a retired high school teacher who became a personal friend of singer Elvis Presley while the two served together in the United States Army in Germany from 1958—1960. In 1993, Vega turned his house into a museum called "Little Graceland" located in his native Los Fresnos in Cameron County north of Brownsville, Texas. "Little Graceland" is loosely patterned on Presley's mansion, Graceland, in Memphis, Tennessee.
Vega was one of three children born in Los Fresnos to Pablo Vega (1895–1969) and the former Estefana Hinojosa (1900–2003), she a native of San Luis Potosí, Mexico. His sister is Matea V. Garcia of Chicago; his brother now deceased, Jose Isabel Vega of Los Fresnos. He and his wife, Teresa Vega, named a son, Rene Elvis Vega, after Presley.
In 1978, a year after Presley's early death, Vega composed a song, "The Ballad of Elvis Presley". He produced three thousand copies and has five remaining ones for his personal collection. Little Graceland is a home converted into a shrine to the man dubbed "The King" of rock and roll music. The museum contains many pictures of Presley, some with Vega, which the museum owner considers among his most prized possessions.
Vega, with assistance from the Los Fresnos Area Chamber of Commerce and the City of Los Fresnos (meaning "ash trees"), holds two Elvis festivals annually in January and August, the months of Presley's birth and death. The festivities include live music, food and beverages, a lookalike contest, a sing-alike competition, automobile shows, trivia questions, and museum tours. The highlight of the festivities is the impersonators that come from far and wide to perform the Elvis hits on stage.
On February 6, 1958, Vega was inducted into the Army at Fort Carson, Colorado, and was sent to Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, for his four-week basic training. During that same period of time, Presley arrived at Fort Hood from Fort Chaffee near Fort Smith, Arkansas. At Fort Hood, Vega introduced his wife Teresa to Presley for a photograph. Teresa recalls that Elvis was nervous while he placed his arm around her for the picture. After the picture was taken, Elvis responded, "Gracias". The photo of Elvis and Teresa is among those in Little Graceland. Although Vega had met Elvis at Fort Hood, the two did not become friends until they reached the barracks in August 1958 at Freiburg in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. They were assigned to Company D Spearhead 3rd Army Division. While awaiting a meal, Vega reintroduced himself to Presley, and the two became "army buddies" who often shared guard duty. Vega recalls fondly that Presley wanted equal treatment from the other soldiers, not favoritism because of his celebrity status.
When Presley died, Vega says that he was so personally devastated that he began collecting anything with a connection to his friend. Vega's countless pieces of memorabilia are displayed in glass cases or line the walls of the museum. He has a bottle of "Love Me Tender" shampoo, the same name as a Presley song and film. There are key chains, playing cards, dolls, pocketknives, neckties, watches, and a complete set of Presley collector plates. Word of Little Graceland spread nationally, as vacationers and winter residents heading to South Padre Island on the Gulf of Mexico stopped to view the replica of the gates of Graceland in front of Vega's house. Vega has also constructed a doghouse-size replica of Presley's boyhood home in Tupelo, Mississippi.
Vega considers Presley the unequaled entertainer of the 20th century who exuded charisma through his records and personal appearances. "Once you got to know him, Elvis was a really good guy, but he was never an ordinary guy. Elvis liked to see people happy. That's part of why he sang and entertained the people," says Vega. Despite heart and hip problems, Vega hosts some fifty visitors to his museum each week.
"Little Graceland" museum hours are Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday 10am to 12pm and 2pm to 5pm. Otherwise call: (956) 233-5482 for groups or private showings.

</doc>
<doc id="19578098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578098" title="Laurie Green">
Laurie Green

Early career.
Laurie Green was born and bred in Newham in the East End of London, and was educated at East Ham Grammar School and King's College London (BD, AKC) and then at New York Theological Seminary (STM, D.Min). After a period of study at St Augustine's College, Canterbury he was ordained in 1970 and began his career with a curacy at St Mark, Kingstanding, Birmingham after which he was: Vicar of Erdington, where he set up an ecumenical parish at Spaghetti Junction with local Methodists.
During his time in Birmingham he initiated work in Urban Theology, worked with hells angels and skin-heads and had his own BBC Radio programme. He also worked as Assistant Youth Officer for the Diocese and as Industrial Chaplain to the British Steel Corporation. At the same time he became an honorary Lecturer at the Urban Theology Unit, Sheffield University; For seven years, Bishop Laurie was Principal of the "Aston Training Scheme" for Anglican ordinands, before returning to his native London to become, before his elevation to the Episcopate, Team Rector of All Saints, Poplar. Poplar is situated in London’s East End, where his parish had the new financial quarter of Canary Wharf at one end, and the tower-blocks of abject poverty at the other.
Episcopal career.
In 1993, Laurie moved to Essex to become the Bishop of Bradwell where he served for eighteen years before retiring to Bexhill in Sussex UK.
Within the Diocese of Chelmsford, his Episcopal Area of Bradwell covered such towns as Basildon, Tilbury Docks, Southend, Maldon, Brentwood, Chelmsford, as well as the deep rural areas of the Dengie peninsular where a stone chapel was built by St Cedd in 654AD at Bradwell. Bishop Laurie then lived quite near to the River Thames, by the Dartford Tunnel & Bridge.
Theology.
Bishop Laurie Green has written extensively on the nature of theology, international debt, and urban mission – titles can be found on his Web-site, www.lauriegreen.org. His ‘Let’s Do Theology’ (extensively revised in 2009) was highly acclaimed by Leonardo Boff as an authentic liberation theology for the English-speaking world, and by Elaine Graham as ‘a classic text’. Another two of his books were named by the Church Times among the ‘Books of the Year’, whilst others have been translated into many languages.
Family and retirement.
A Jazz devotee, blues and classical guitar player and lover of folk music, Bishop Laurie is married with two children.
He remains founding-chair of the National Estate Churches Network for Housing Estate Ministry and also serves on the Urban Bishops’ Panel of the Church of England and as Chair of the Church’s Urban Strategy Consultative Group. He was instrumental in the setting up of an International Anglican Commission and Network on Global Urbanisation. In retirement, Green has begun to work alongside the Church Urban Fund as Chair and Development Officer for the National Estate Churches Network which supports the Church’s work on the poorer housing estates and projects of the UK. He also continues to work as a Trustee of the charity Friends of the Poor in South India.

</doc>
<doc id="19578101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578101" title="Battle Circus">
Battle Circus

Battle Circus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19578139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578139" title="Tennis at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Tennis at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Tennis Tournament at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the Almería Tennis Club in Almería, Spain from June 27 to July 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19578159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578159" title="Communauté de communes de la Campagne de Caux">
Communauté de communes de la Campagne de Caux

The communauté de communes de la Campagne de Caux was created on December 31, 1997 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 22 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19578170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578170" title="Jelačić">
Jelačić

Jelačić is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19578237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578237" title="Sport pistol">
Sport pistol

A sport pistol or standard pistol is a type of handgun used in several shooting sports, including the Olympic 25 metre pistol event and 25 metre standard pistol. Since 2005, the 25 metre rapid fire pistol rules also require the use of sport pistols, with a few extra requirements. Other sports to make use of this gun are women's 25 metre military rapid fire pistol, bullseye (in one of its three stages), and a variety of other national shooting sports.
By the International Shooting Sport Federation's rules, sport pistols must be in caliber .22 LR, with a minimum capacity of five rounds. Revolvers are allowed, but not at all as popular as in 25 metre center-fire pistol. Minimum trigger weight is , and maximum overall weight is . The gun may only have open sights, and there are restrictions to the design of the grip.
Common examples of sport pistols are the Benelli MP90S and Benelli MP95E, Walther GSP, the Baikal MCM, Hämmerli 208, Hämmerli 280 and Hämmerli SP20, the Pardini SP, as well as the High Standard .22 Pistol and the Smith & Wesson Model 41. Many of these have also spawned .32-caliber versions for use in the center-fire pistol event.

</doc>
<doc id="19578241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578241" title="Herberger Theater Center">
Herberger Theater Center

Herberger Theater Center is an indoor performing arts venue featuring three stages in downtown Phoenix, Arizona, whose mission is to support and foster the growth of performing arts in Phoenix as the premier performance venue, arts incubator and advocate. The Herberger Theater Center is not only a performing arts center, but is known in the Phoenix area as a cultivator and advocate for the arts community.
History.
The Herberger Theater Center (HTC) was conceived as a pivotal piece in the redevelopment and revitalization of downtown Phoenix in 1989. HTC is home to several theater companies that host a variety of performance art, from dance to improv to theater, with local and national touring companies performing. Plays and musicals dominate the schedule, but Arizona Opera and Ballet Arizona have also performed here.
Facility and programs.
Located in downtown Phoenix, this theatre is one of the Valley’s best performing arts venues. Its large, yet intimate space allows for a close-up performance, rather than a binocular one. The newly remodeled theater center is located at 222 E Monroe, and is home to two resident theater companies: Arizona Theatre Company and Center Dance Ensemble, as well as playing intermittent host to other reputable ensembles such as Valley Youth Theatre, iTheatre Collaborative, Arizona Jewish Theatre Company, Teatro Bravo, and Childsplay.
Since its opening, the Herberger Theater Center has remained true to its original mission, by driving the cultural and educational development of the greater Phoenix area. The Center Stage at the Herberger seats 800, Stage West seats 320 and the Performance Outreach Theater (Kax Stage) seats 120 in a versatile 'black box' space. More than 40 different performances hit the stage annually at the Herberger Theater Center. Every year, the theater hosts 175,000 patrons and 30,000 school children. The Herberger Theater Center also produces its own Lunch Time Theater series which are weekday one act matinees featuring local up and coming theater companies in their Kax Stage.
One of the most innovative aspects of HTC is The Lunch Time Theater program, on the Kax stage. Several weekdays each week, this program showcases the work of young, emerging theater companies for one-act plays lasting 30-45 minutes. 
To round out the inviting beauty of the center, visitors can view the works of Arizona artists in the Upper Steele Pavilion. Quarterly exhibits showcase Arizona artists.
Arts education.
Multicultural theater camp.
In 2001, the Herberger Theater Center began a collaboration with Free Arts for Abused Children to heal young lives through the performing arts. Teens from group homes, shelters and treatment facilities throughout Maricopa County have an opportunity to create and experience the arts through a two-week theater camp at the Herberger Theater Center.
During the intensive camp, guest artists and creative volunteers introduce the children to improvisation, character development, mask making, costumes, props and technical components of theater. The production is totally created by the young campers and culminates with a final performance.
Arizona Young Artists' Competition.
The Herberger Theater Center and Center Dance Ensemble collaborate on an annual competition to showcase the diverse, emerging talent of young Arizona artists. Begun in 1999, the competition offers young artists, ages 15-19 the opportunity to compete in the areas of Acting, Dance (Modern, Ballet, Jazz, Hip Hop and Tap) and Voice. During the competition the young artists get the opportunity to learn about the audition process, as well as interact with highly-regarded arts professionals. 
The winner in each category receives a $1,000 scholarship to help further their education in the arts. 
Wolf trap.
Another collaboration with the Center Dance Ensemble, the Wolf Trap program consists of sending artists from the Center Dance Ensemble to preschools and Head Start classrooms to train parents and teachers to use performing arts as a teaching tool. The program culminates in a field trip to the Herberger Theater with approximately 1,000 children participating on stage in movement activities, ballet and music session.

</doc>
<doc id="19578248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578248" title="Emlyn Davies">
Emlyn Davies

Emlyn Davies (born 15 January 1922) was a Welsh international rugby union prop who played club rugby for Swansea and Aberavon and county rugby for Glamorgan. He was capped for Wales national rugby union team on two occasions.
Davies played for a wide variety of club teams, but it was while he was with Aberavon that he was selected to play for Wales against the touring, 1947 Australian team. It was a dull encounter played out between the forwards, but Davies finished on the winning side as Wales won 6-0. Davies gained his second and final cap in the 1948 Five Nations Championship in the last game of the tournament against Ireland. It was a close game, but Ireland won 6-3, and won the Triple Crown for the first time since 1899.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19578255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578255" title="Gowkaran Roopnarine">
Gowkaran Roopnarine

Gowkaran Roopnarine (born 24 February 1982) is a Guyana born American cricketer. A left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, he has played for the United States national cricket team since 2005, including four List A matches.
Biography.
Born in Guyana in 1982, Gowkaran Roopnarine first played for the USA in the 2005 ICC Trophy. After playing in a warm-up match against Namibia, he played four matches in the tournament proper, scoring 98 in the ninth place play-off against Oman, his highest List A score.
He played in the following years ICC Americas Championship in Ontario, and most recently represented his country in Division Five of the World Cricket League in Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19578264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578264" title="Uncial 093">
Uncial 093

Uncial 093 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 6th-century. Formerly it was designated by siglum ל.
Description.
The codex contains a small parts of the Acts 24:22-25:5, and 1 Pet 2:22-24; 3:1,3-7, on two parchment leaves (25 cm by 18 cm). According to C. R. Gregory it has 1½ leaves.
The text is written in two columns per page, 24 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text is in Hebrew. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type in the Acts, and the Alexandrian text-type in 1 Peter. Aland placed it in Category V in Acts, and in Category II in 1 Peter. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 6th-century.
It was found in Cairo in genizah. It was examined by C. Taylor.
The codex now is located in the Cambridge University Library as a part of the Taylor-Schechter Collection (12,189; 12,208) in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19578266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578266" title="The Big Bad Rock Guitar of Glen Campbell">
The Big Bad Rock Guitar of Glen Campbell

The Big Bad Rock Guitar of Glen Campbell is the fourth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1965 by Capitol Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19578296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578296" title="Beipu">
Beipu

Beipu Township (; Hakka: "Pet-phû-hiông") is a rural township in Hsinchu County in northern Taiwan. Beipu is well known in Taiwan as a center of Hakka culture, especially for production of "dongfang meiren" tea and its special Hakkanese blends of tea and nuts called "lēichá" (擂茶).
History.
The town was the scene of the 1907 Beipu Uprising against the Japanese occupation of Taiwan when insurgents of both Hakka and indigenous Saisiyat extraction attacked Japanese officials and their families. In retaliation, Japanese military and police killed more than 100 Hakka people, the majority of whom were young men from Neidaping (內大坪), a small village in the mountainous southern part of the township.
Demographics.
As of 2004, Beipu had a population of 10,514, of whom 98 percent were Hakka.

</doc>
<doc id="19578297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578297" title="Howard C. Hillegas">
Howard C. Hillegas

Howard Clemens Hillegas (December 30, 1872-January 29, 1918) was an American author, newspaper correspondent, and newspaper editor. Hillegas traveled to South Africa as a correspondent for the New York World to cover the Second Boer War.
Family and education.
Howard Clemens Hillegas was born in Pennsburg, Pennsylvania on December 30, 1872. Hillegas was the son of John Gery Hillegas and Catharine (Zeigler) Hillegas. He was a descendant of Michael Hillegas who was the first Treasurer of the United States. 
Hillegas graduated from Perkiomen Seminary in 1890, and Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylvania in 1894. After briefly working for newspapers in Pennsylvania, in 1895 he moved to New York City to pursue a career in journalism.
Hillegas was married and had two sons and a daughter. Hillegas's daughter was born in Saratoga Springs, N.Y in February 1902.
Hillegas's youngest son, Fred Hillegas, worked as a newsperson on the radio, television, and for newspapers. Although Fred followed in his father's line of work, he did not directly know his father since he died approximately a year after Fred was born.
Career.
In 1895 Hillegas began employment as a writer for the New York World and was sent to South Africa to cover the hostilities between the Brits and the Boers. Hillegas was the first journalist to report that the fighting between Britain and the Boers had started in the Second Boer War. 
After his return to the United States he authored several books about South African Wars, including "Oom Paul's People" and "With the Boer Forces". Hillegas recounts his interview with South African Republic President Paul Kruger in the book "Oom Paul's People". While in the county, Hillegas developed a friendly relationship with South African Republic statesmen. PostmasterGeneral Van Alpen, Commissioner of Mines P. Kroebler, Commissioner of War J. J. Smidt, Justice of the Peace Dillingham, and former Commandant-General Stephanne Schoeman attended the meeting between Hillegas and the President. According to Murat Halstead in "Briton and Boer in South Africa", Hillegas "holds the Boers to be a nation, and his pages are full of highly colored partiality for their cause". An article written by Hillegas about President Kruger appeared in the December 1900 issue of "Outing" magazine.
In May 1901, "The New York Times" reported that Hillegas's book "The Boers in War", published as "With The Boer Forces" in Britain, was suppressed by the British authorities.
In 1901, after returning from traveling abroad, Hillegas worked for the Saratoga Sun in Saratoga Springs, New York as an editor and publisher. Additionally, Hillegas worked on the staff of The World, The Evening World, and The New York Herald. During his time at the New York Herald, he held positions as the city editor and an editorial writer.
Hillegas resigned from the New York Herald in September 1917 and began employment at The Hotel Reporter as associate editor.
Second Boer War.
War correspondent.
In 1895 Hillegas traveled as a special correspondent for the New York World newspaper to South Africa to cover the conflict between Britain and the Boers. During the several years that Hillegas spent in the area, he reported on the long campaign from the Boer point of view. Hillegas's account included details about the composition and organization of the Boer forces.
Death.
Hillegas died at his home in New Brighton, Staten Island from pneumonia on January 29, 1918. He was survived by his wife, two sons, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19578313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578313" title="Faculdade de Direito de São Bernardo do Campo">
Faculdade de Direito de São Bernardo do Campo

Faculty of Law of São Bernardo do Campo (in Portuguese: Faculdade de Direito de São Bernardo do Campo (FDSBC), also known as "Direito São Bernardo") is a public institution of higher education located in São Bernardo do Campo.
History.
Created by the Municipal Law nº 1.246/1964, the Faculty of Law of São Bernardo do Campo was built in the district of Jardim do Mar, in São Bernardo do Campo. The admission exam, called vestibular, is the same of the Pontifical Catholic University of São Paulo.

</doc>
<doc id="19578340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578340" title="Murray Maxwell Bay">
Murray Maxwell Bay

Murray Maxwell Bay (formerly: Murray Maxwell Inlet; Inuktitut: Tasiujaq) is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in the Foxe Basin, north of Baffin Island's Siorarsuk Peninsula. Jens Munk Island lies at the opening of the bay.
Before the bay was fully explored, it was named "Murray Maxwell Inlet", in honor of Captain Sir Murray Maxwell, by Lieutenant Henry Parkyns Hoppner who observed the waterway while sailing with Sir William Edward Parry on his second Arctic voyage of 1821.
Fauna.
The area is frequented by bowhead whales.

</doc>
<doc id="19578345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578345" title="Hand washing with soap">
Hand washing with soap

Hands often act as vectors that carry disease-causing pathogens from person to person, either through direct contact or indirectly via surfaces. Humans can spread bacteria by touching other people's hand, hair, nose, and face. Hands that have been in contact with human or animal feces, bodily fluids like nasal excretions, and contaminated foods or water can transport bacteria, viruses and parasites to unwitting hosts. Hand washing with soap works by interrupting the transmission of disease.
Washing hands with water alone is significantly less effective than washing hands with soap in terms of removing germs. Although using soap in hand washing breaks down the grease and dirt that carry most germs, using soap also means additional time consumed during the massaging, rubbing, and friction to dislodge them from fingertips, and between the fingers, in comparison with just using water for handwashing. Effective hand-washing with soap takes 8 – 15 seconds, followed by thorough rinsing with running water.
Disease prevention in handwashing with soap.
Handwashing can prevent diarrheal disease (which can include shigellosis, typhoid and cholera), acute respiratory infections (including SARS and bird flu), helminth infections (especially ascariasis), and eye infections.
In a research published by British Medical Journal on November 2007, physical barriers, such as regular handwashing and wearing masks, gloves and gowns, may be more effective than drugs to prevent the spread of respiratory viruses such as influenza and SARS. In the case of such respiratory diseases, washing your hands is especially important before touching your eyes, nose or mouth. The finding was published as Britain announced it was doubling its stockpile of antiviral medicines in preparation for any future flu pandemic. The researchers found that simple, low-cost physical measures should be given higher priority in national pandemic contingency plans. Other evidence suggests that the use of vaccines and antiviral drugs will be insufficient to interrupt the spread of influenza says the report. Handwashing and wearing masks, gloves and gowns were effective individually in preventing the spread of respiratory viruses, and were even more effective when combined. However, further trials needed to evaluate the best combinations. Another study, published in the Cochrane Library journal on 2007, finds handwashing with just soap and water to be a simple and effective way to curb the spread of respiratory viruses, from everyday cold viruses to deadly pandemic strains. 
Other research conducted by the World Bank regarding health policy shows that health measures like hand washing with soap did not get enough promotion compared to the promotion of influenza drugs by medical staff. This was worse for people living in isolated locations who were difficult to reach by mass media (like radio and TV).
Critical times in hand washing with soap.
Here are some critical times to clean your hands:
Awareness of hand washing with soap.
Handwashing is likely to be especially important where people congregate (schools, offices), where ill or vulnerable people are concentrated (hospitals, nursing homes), where food is prepared and shared and in homes, especially where there are young children and vulnerable adults. 
An ABC News report on low handwashing rates among physicians cited the book "Freakonomics": "Studies have shown that hospital personnel wash or disinfect their hands fewer than half the times they should," Levitt and Dubner write. "And doctors are the worst offenders, more lax than either nurses or aides." In fact, one Australian study reported a hand washing compliance rate of only 9 percent. Medical personnel who fail in this regard continue to exhibit the same sort of general arrogance that dismissed the clear evidence presented by Ignaz Semmelweiss from 1847 onwards. Just as in Semmmelweiss' time, although it is clearly demonstrable that disease transmission can readily be prevented by hand washing with soap, medical practitioners often failed to do so because of lack of time, rough paper towels for drying, inconveniently located sinks and hands chapped by frequent washing with drying soaps. A handwashing campaign begun in New York City public hospitals has drastically reduced the number of serious infections, such as blood infections and pneumonia, contracted by hospital patients.
Around the world, the observed rates of handwashing with soap at critical moments range from zero percent to 34 percent. The belief that washing with water alone to remove visible dirt is sufficient to make hands clean is commonplace in most countries. In Ghana the drive to use soap for mothers was generally successful because it felt good to remove dirty matter from hands, refreshing, one way of caring for children, and enhancing their social status.

</doc>
<doc id="19578358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578358" title="Standard pistol">
Standard pistol

Standard pistol can be used:

</doc>
<doc id="19578367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578367" title="Brainwashed (film)">
Brainwashed (film)

Brainwashed (original title "Schachnovelle") is a 1960 German drama film directed by Gerd Oswald and starring Curd Jürgens, Claire Bloom and Hansjörg Felmy. It is based on Stefan Zweig's novella "The Royal Game".
Plot.
Chess world champion Centowic wants to travel by ship to an important chess tournament. The ship, however, starts behind schedule, because a mysterious and obviously anxious passenger, who is on his way to the port with Bishop Ambrosse, is expected.
During the trip, passengers ask grumpy Centowic to play a chess game, which he reluctantly agrees to. Centowic's opponents are about to lose the match. However, the mysterious passenger, who accidentally joins the scene, intervenes and helps them to turn the match into a draw. Centowic is amazed to not have ever seen the stranger, who, as he says, has just had his first chess piece in his hands, at any important tournament.
A flashback tells the stranger's story: He is Werner von Basil, an Austrian lawyer. Together with Bishop Ambrosse, he hides art treasures abroad in order to protect them from the national socialists who had just occupied Austria. Von Basil doesn't take the bishop's warnings about the threat for him too seriously. On a party given by von Basil, the newly inaugurated Gestapo man, Hans Berger engages ballet dancer Irene Andreny, who is his girlfriend, to learn from von Basil where the art treasures are. When she is unsuccessful, Berger has von Basil arrested the same evening. In order to break von Basil's will, Berger puts him into solitary confinement. Von Basil has all his personal belongings taken from him; the only variety in his every-day routine is the guardian who provides him with food.
Berger is pressured not only by Irene, who feels neglected, but also by his superior Hartmann, as von Basil keeps the hiding-place of the art treasures a secret even after six weeks of isolation. As von Basil pretends to be cooperative and is brought to a questioning, he succeeds in stealing a book from a coat pocket. In the questioning, von Basil drops Berger in it and feels the sympathy the present Irene feels for him. Back again in his room, von Basil is disappointed to learn that the book he has stolen just deals with chess matches. Due to a lack of alternatives, von Basil reads it and uses pieces of bread as chess pieces to re-enact the chess matches described in the book. Even as Berger discovers his secret and deprives him of the book, von Basil plays chess against himself in his mind.
After asking bishop Ambrosse for help, Irene begs Berger to release von Basil but is insulted by Berger. As von Basil suffers from a nervous breakdown but still refuses to reveal his secrets, Hartmann now tries on his own to break von Basil's will.
As von Basil plays yet another match against Centowic, he furiously attacks Centowic, as he wants to learn form Centowic how much information he gave away during his solitary confinement. Irene joins the scene and is able to assure von Basil that he revealed none of his secrets. Irene was spared harassment; Berger was no longer of use for his superiors. Von Basil and Irene fall in love with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="19578379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578379" title="Christopher C. Kraft Jr. Mission Control Center">
Christopher C. Kraft Jr. Mission Control Center

NASA's Christopher C. Kraft, Jr. Mission Control Center (MCC-H), also known by its radio callsign, Houston, is the facility at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas that manages flight control for America's human space program, currently involving astronauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS). The center is named after Christopher C. Kraft, Jr, a retired NASA engineer and manager who was instrumental in establishing the agency's Mission Control operation.
The MCC currently houses one operational control room, from which flight controllers coordinate and monitor the ISS. This room has many computer and data-processing resources to monitor, command and communicate with the station. The ISS control room operates continuously.
Because Houston is a hurricane-sensitive area, NASA has basic back-up facilities at the Kennedy Space Center as well as a location at the Backup Control Center Huntsville Operations Support Center (BCC-HOSC) at Marshall Space Flight Center for ISS operations. (Unmanned US civilian satellites are controlled from the Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland, while California's Jet Propulsion Laboratory manages unmanned US space probes.)
Cape Canaveral (1960–1965).
All Mercury–Redstone, Mercury-Atlas, the unmanned Gemini 1 and Gemini 2, and manned Gemini 3 missions were controlled by the Mission Control Center (called the Mercury Control Center through 1963) at Cape Canaveral Missile Test Annex, Florida. This facility was in the Engineering Support Building at the east end of Mission Control Road, about 0.5 mile (0.8 km) east of Phillips Parkway. Launches were conducted from separate blockhouses at the Cape.
The building, which was on the National Register of Historic Places, was demolished in May 2010 due to concerns about asbestos and the estimated $5 million cost of repairs after 40 years of exposure to salt air. Formerly a stop on the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex tours, in the late 1990s, the control room consoles were removed, refurbished, and relocated to a re-creation of the room in the Debus Center at the KSC Visitor Complex.
Houston (1965–present).
Gemini and Apollo (1965-1975).
Located in Building 30 at the Johnson Space Center (known as the Manned Spacecraft Center until 1973), the Houston MCC was first used in June 1965 for Gemini 4. It housed two primary rooms known as Mission Operation Control Rooms (MOCR, pronounced "moh-ker").These two rooms controlled all Gemini, Apollo, Skylab, and Space Shuttle flights up to 1998. Each consisted of a four-tier auditorium, dominated by a large map screen, which, with the exception of Apollo lunar flights, had a Mercator projection of the Earth, with locations of tracking stations, and a three-orbit "sine wave" track of the spacecraft in flight. Each MOCR tier was specialized, staffed by various controllers responsible for a specific spacecraft system.
MOCR 1, housed on the second floor of Building 30, was used for Apollo 7, the Skylab and the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project missions. MOCR 2 was used for all other Gemini and Apollo flights (except Gemini 3) and was located on the third floor. As the flight control room for Apollo 11, the first manned moon landing, MOCR 2 was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1985. It was last used in 1992 as the flight control room for STS-53 and was subsequently converted back almost entirely to its Apollo-era configuration and preserved for historical purposes. Together with several support wings, it is now listed in the National Register of Historic Places as the "Apollo Mission Control Center".
Space Shuttle (1981–2011).
When the Space Shuttle program began, the MOCRs were re-designated flight control rooms (FCR, pronounced "ficker"); and FCR 1 (formerly MOCR 1) became the first shuttle control room. FCR 2 was used mostly for classified Department of Defense shuttle flights, then was remodeled to its Apollo-era configuration. From the moment a space shuttle cleared its launch tower in Florida until it landed on Earth, it was in the hands of Mission Control. When a shuttle mission was underway, its control room was staffed around the clock, usually in three shifts.
In 1992, JSC began building an extension to Building 30. The new five-story section (30 South) went operational in 1998 and houses three flight control rooms, designated "Red", "White", and "Blue". The White FCR was used in tandem with FCR 2 for seven shuttle missions, STS-70 through STS-76, and handled all following shuttle flights through the end of the program. When not in use for the shuttle program, the White FCR was reconfigured as a backup for the ISS FCR from time to time as needed (such as during periods of construction or upgrades in the ISS FCR).
International Space Station (1998–present).
The newer section of Building 30 also houses the International Space Station Flight Control Room. The first ISS control room, originally named the Special Vehicles Operations Room (SVO), then the Blue FCR, was operational around the clock to support the ISS until the fall of 2006.
FCR 1, meanwhile, had its original consoles and tiered decking removed after STS-71, and was first converted to a "Life Sciences Center" for ISS payload control operations. After substantial remodelling, mainly with new technologies not available in 1998, ISS flight control moved into the totally-revamped FCR 1 in October 2006, due to the growth of the ISS and the international cooperation required among national control centers around the world.
Other facilities.
Other MCC facilities include the Training Flight Control Room, sometimes referred to as the Red FCR, a training area for flight controllers; a Life Sciences Control Room used to oversee various experiments; the Simulation Control Area (SCA), primarily used during shuttle astronaut and flight control training; and an Exploration Planning Operations Center, used to test new concepts for operations beyond low-Earth orbit. Additionally, there are multi-purpose support rooms (MPSRs) which are staffed by backup flight controllers, who analyze data and run simulations as well as provide information and advise for the flight controllers.
Building 30 was named for Kraft on April 14, 2011.
MCC-21.
From 2012 to 2013, the rooms used during the Shuttle program underwent upgrades in preparation for future human space flight activities. The White FCR, the SCA, and the White FCR MPSRs all had their consoles removed and replaced with modern hardware to support the new operational concept of commercial companies having a presence in Mission Control. This project is known as Mission Control Center for the 21st Century, or MCC-21.
Console positions.
Mercury Control Center (1960-1963).
During the early years at Cape Canaveral, the original MCC consisted only of three rows, as the Mercury capsule was simple in design and construction, with missions lasting no more than 35 hours.
The first row consisted of several controllers, the BOOSTER, SURGEON, CAPCOM, RETRO, FIDO, and GUIDO.
The BOOSTER controller, depending upon the type of rocket being used, was either an engineer from the Marshall Space Flight Center (for Mercury-Redstone flights) or an Air Force engineer (for Mercury-Atlas and later Gemini-Titan flights) assigned for that mission. The BOOSTER controller's job would last no more than six hours total and he would vacate his console after the booster was jettisoned.
The SURGEON controller, consisting of a flight surgeon (either a military or civilian doctor), monitored the astronaut's vital signs during the flight, and if a medical need arose, could recommend treatment. The CAPCOM controller, filled by an astronaut, maintained nominal air-to-ground communications between the MCC and the orbiting spacecraft; the exception being the SURGEON or Flight Director, and only in an emergency.
The RETRO, FIDO, and GUIDO controllers monitored spacecraft trajectory and handled course changes.
The second row also consisted of several controllers, the ENVIRONMENTAL, PROCEDURES, FLIGHT, SYSTEMS, and NETWORK. The ENVIRONMENTAL controller, later called EECOM, oversaw the consumption of spacecraft oxygen and monitored pressurization, while the SYSTEMS controller, later called EGIL, monitored all other spacecraft systems, including electrical consumption. The PROCEDURES controller, first held by Gene Kranz, handled the writing of all mission milestones, "GO/NO GO" decisions, and synchronized the MCC with the launch countdowns and the Eastern Test Range. The PROCEDURES controller also handled communications, via teletype, between the MCC and the worldwide network of tracking stations and ships.
The flight director, known as FLIGHT, was ultimate supervisor of the Mission Control Center, and gave the final orbit entrance/exit, and, in emergencies, mission abort decisions. During Mercury missions, this position was held by Christopher Kraft, with John Hodge, an Englishman who came to NASA after the cancellation of the Canadian Avro Arrow project, joining the flight director ranks for the 22-orbit Mercury 9, requiring Kraft to divide Mission Control into two shifts. The flight director's console was also the only position in the Cape MCC to have a television monitor, allowing him to see the rocket lift off from the pad. The NETWORK controller, an Air Force officer, served as the "switchboard" between the MCC, the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland (as on-site real-time computing did not exist), and the worldwide tracking station and ship network.
The back row, consisting primarily of NASA and Department of Defense (DOD) management, was the location of the operations director (held by Walt Williams), a general or flag officer who could coordinate with the DOD on all search-and-rescue missions, and the PAO ("Shorty" Powers during Mercury), who provided minute-by-minute mission commentary for the news media and public.
In addition to the controllers in the Cape MCC, each of the manned tracking stations and the "Rose Knot Victor" and "Coastal Sentry Quebec" tracking ships, had three controllers, a CAPCOM, SURGEON, and an engineer. Unlike the Cape CAPCOM, which was always staffed by an astronaut, the tracking station/tracking ship CAPCOMs were either a NASA engineer, or an astronaut, with the latter located at stations deemed "critical" by the flight director and operations director.
MOCR (1965-1998).
After the move from the Cape MCC to the Houston MCC in 1965, the new MOCRs, which were larger and more sophisticated than the single Cape MCC, consisted of four rows, with the first row, later known as "the Trench" (a term coined by Apollo-era RETRO controller John Llewellyn, which, according to Flight Director Eugene Kranz, reminded him of the firing range during his years as a USAF officer). It was occupied by the BOOSTER, RETRO, FIDO, and GUIDO controllers. During Gemini, the BOOSTER position was handled by both an engineer from Martin Marietta and an astronaut, while all missions from Apollo 7 used engineers from the Marshall Space Flight Center.
The second row, after Project Gemini, consisted of the SURGEON, EECOM, and CAPCOM. The EECOM, which replaced the ENVIRONMENTAL controller and some of the SYSTEMS controller's functions, monitored the spacecraft's electrical and environmental systems. Like the CAPCOMs during Mercury, all CAPCOMs in the Houston MCC were astronauts. 
On the other side of the aisle of the second row were controllers who monitored specific parts of Gemini, Apollo, Skylab, ASTP and Space Shuttle missions. During the Gemini program, the two Agena controllers monitored the Agena upper stage used as a docking target from Gemini 8 through Gemini 12. For the Apollo lunar flights, the TELMU and CONTROL controllers monitored the Lunar Module. During Skylab, the EGIL (pronounced "eagle") monitored Skylab's solar panels, while the EXPERIMENTS controller monitored experiments and the telescopes in the Apollo Telescope Mount. The PAYLOAD and EXPERIMENTS controllers monitored Space Shuttle operations. Another controller, the INCO, monitored the spacecraft's communications and instrumentation.
The third row consisted of the PAO, PROCEDURES, and the FAO (flight activities officer), who coordinated with the flight schedule. The AFD (assistant flight director) and the flight director were also located on the third row.
The fourth row, like the old Cape MCC's third row, was reserved for NASA management, including the director of the Johnson Space Center, the director of flight operations, the director of flight crew operations (chief astronaut), and the Department of Defense officer.
In July 2010, air to ground voice recordings and film footage shot in Mission Control during the Apollo 11 powered descent and landing was re-synchronized and released for the first time.
Blue FCR (1998–2006).
The Blue FCR, used primarily for ISS operations from 1998–2006, was arranged in five rows of three consoles, plus one in the rear right corner. From left to right, as viewed from the rear of the room, the front row consisted of ADCO, THOR, and PHALCON.
The second row consisted of OSO, ECLSS pronounced "eekliss", and ROBO.
The third row consisted of ODIN, depending on phase of flight, either ACO (shuttle docked) or the CIO (Free-flight Operations) and OpsPlan.
The fourth row consisted of CATO, FLIGHT—the flight director, and CAPCOM.
Th fiftt last row consisted of GC, depending on the phase of flight; either RIO, EVA, VVO, or FDO (reboosts only), and SURGEON.
In the back, right corner, behind the surgeon, the PAO (Public Affairs Officer) was occasionally present.
White FCR (1998–2011).
The White FCR, which was used for Space Shuttle operations, was arranged in five rows. From left to right, as viewed from the rear of the room): 
The front row (the "Trench") had FDO (pronounced "fido"), responsible for orbital guidance and orbital changes, depending on the phase of flight; either Guidance, a specialist in the procedures of those two high-energy, fast-paced phases of flight or rendezvous, a specialist in orbital rendezvous procedures; and GC, the controller responsible for the computers and systems in MCC itself.
The second row had PROP, responsible for the propulsion system; GNC, responsible for systems that determine the spacecraft's attitude and issue commands to control it; MMACS (pronounced "max"), responsible for the mechanical systems on the space craft, such as the payload bay doors and landing gear; and EGIL (pronounced "eagle"), responsible for the fuel cells, electrical distribution and O2 & H2 supplies.
The third row had DPS, responsible for the computer systems; ACO or Payloads, responsible for all payload-related activities (depending on whether the shuttle flight supported an ISS assembly flight or not; FAO, responsible for the overall plans of activities for the entire flight; and EECOM responsible for the management of environmental systems.
The fourth row had INCO, responsible for communications systems for uploading all systems commands to the vehicle; FLIGHT—the Flight Director, the person in charge of the flight; CAPCOM, an astronaut who is normally the only controller to talk to the astronauts on board; and PDRS, responsible for robot arm operations.
The back row had PAO (Public Affairs Officer), the "voice" of MCC; MOD, a management representative, depending on the phase of flight; either RIO for MIR flights, a Russian-speaker who spoke with the Russian MCC, known as Цуп, (Tsup); BOOSTER responsible for the SRBs and the SSMEs during ascent, or EVA responsible for space suit systems and EVA tasks; and finally, SURGEON.
FCR 1 (2006-present).
All US International Space Station operations are currently controlled from FCR 1, remodeled in 2006. This FCR abandoned the traditional tiered floor layout, with all rows instead at the same level. A few engineering specialists are in the center of the front row, with the public affairs commentator at the right end behind a low partition. The space station trajectory position was moved to the third row.
During early ISS operations, a scheme known as Gemini was used, which reduced staffing for real-time ISS support by consolidating six system disciplines into two positions. From these two "super-consoles", named Atlas and Titan, two people can do the work of up to eight other flight controllers during low-activity periods. One position, call sign TITAN (Telemetry, Information Transfer, and Attitude Navigation), was responsible for Communication & Tracking (CATO), Command & Data Handling (ODIN), and Motion Control Systems (ADCO). The other position, call sign ATLAS (Atmosphere, Thermal, Lighting and Articulation Specialist), was responsible for Thermal Control (THOR), Environmental Control & Life Support (ECLSS), and Electrical Power Systems (PHALCON). ATLAS was also responsible for monitoring Robotics (ROBO) and Mechanical Systems (OSO) heaters, as those consoles were not supported during the majority of Gemini shifts. While Gemini officially reflected the fact that two controllers act as "twins" during operations, the name was also an homage to the first missions (Project Gemini) controlled from that room. In addition, Titan was the type of booster rocket which launched the Gemini spacecraft and Atlas boosters launched Gemini-era Agena target vehicles (and several missions in Project Mercury).
In 2010 after ISS assembly complete, the Gemini concept was removed and the six core disciplines were reduced to four. Those console positions are ETHOS (Environmental and Thermal Operating Systems) which consists of the ECLSS system as well as the internal thermal control system formerly held by THOR; SPARTAN (Station Power, ARticulation, Thermal, and ANalysis) which consists of the electrical power and external thermal control systems; CRONUS (Communications RF Onboard Networks Utilization Specialist), a combination of the previous ODIN and CATO positions; and ADCO (Motion Control Systems).

</doc>
<doc id="19578384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578384" title="Dorian Haarhoff">
Dorian Haarhoff

Dorian Haarhoff (born 1944) is a South African-Namibian writer and poet. Haarhoff was born in 1944 in Kimberley, Northern Cape, then part of the Cape Province. He is a naturalized citizen of Namibia. He wrote his first poem in 1955 and has been published numerous books. He was also a professor of English at the University of Namibia. As of 2004, he worked in the creative writing department at the University of Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19578387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578387" title="Sosicles (poet)">
Sosicles (poet)

Sosicles was mentioned by Fabricius, on the authority of the "Suda" and Eudocia, as a tragic poet of the time of Philip and Alexander the Great. It appears, however, from the best manuscripts of the "Suda", that the name is erroneously introduced, owing to the text of Suidas being misread by some of his copyists, as well as by Eudocia. According to the true reading of Suidas, Sosicles is simply mentioned as the father of the tragic poet Sosiphanes. (Suda, under "Sosiphanes", ed. Kuster; Eudoc. p. 384; Westermann, Vitarum Script. Graec. Min. p. 152, n. 65; Fabricius, Bibl. Graec. vol. ii. p. 322.)

</doc>
<doc id="19578478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578478" title="Beggin' After Dark">
Beggin' After Dark

Beggin After Dark (Released November 7, 1994) is the second album from 90s R&B group, H-Town. The most popular single from this album was "Emotions". The song made it to #11 on the R&B charts and #51 on the pop charts. Other hits from the album included "Sex Bowl", "Full Time", "Much Feelin' (And It Tastes Great)", "Buss One" featuring reggae singer Papa Reu, and "Baby I Love Ya" featuring Roger Troutman.

</doc>
<doc id="19578502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578502" title="Maria Zuchowicz">
Maria Zuchowicz

Maria Zuchowicz "(born in Poznań, in 1930)" - Polish lawyer and figure skating official - Chairperson of Appeal Commission of the International Skating Union, Vice-President of the Polish Figure Skating Associations. She is also international skating judge - she was judge and referee on the Olympic Games in Grenoble, Innsbruck, Sapporo and Calgary.
Member of the CAS ad hoc Division at the Winter Olympic Games, Nagano, 1998. Ms. Zuchowicz is also President and arbitrator of the Court of Sport of the Polish Olympic Committee and arbitrator of the Football amicable Court of the Polish Football Union. 
She has been commenting figure skating events for the Polish national television (TVP) and was a judge in the first (autumn 2007) and second (spring 2008) Polish edition of the "Dancing on Ice".

</doc>
<doc id="19578515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578515" title="Jim Lillie">
Jim Lillie

James J. Lillie (July 27, 1861 - November 9, 1890), nicknamed "Grasshopper", was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played four seasons in the major leagues, from until .

</doc>
<doc id="19578523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578523" title="L. C. R. Duncombe-Jewell">
L. C. R. Duncombe-Jewell

Louis Charles Richard Duncombe-Jewell (10 September 1866–1947), born Louis Charles Richard Jewell, was a soldier, special war correspondent of The Times and Morning Post, sportsman and sometimes poet, he was a champion of the Cornish language. 
Born at Liskeard in Cornwall, he assumed the additional surname of Duncombe in accordance with his grandmother’s will in 1895. His parents were members of the Plymouth Brethren but he later converted to Catholicism.
Military service.
Formerly a Lieutenant in the 3rd Volunteer Battalion of the Royal Fusiliers, he represented "The Times" in Spain during the rumours of an impending Carlist rising in 1898-99, and served as a Special War Correspondent for the "Morning Post" newspaper in South Africa, the same paper that also employed Winston Churchill, with the 3rd Division South African Field Force.
Writing career.
Duncombe-Jewell was a noted historian, novelist and verse-writer, and made numerous contributions to the "Pall Mall Gazette", and many other publications of the period. He was editor of "Armorial Cornwall", founder and Hon. Sec. Celtic-Cornish Society, and leader of the Cornish Language Movement. He was also an expert in the works of occultist, Aleister Crowley who spent some time in Cornwall.
Interest in Cornish Nationalism.
In 1901 he founded the Cornish Celtic Society (), and at the Pan Celtic Congress of 1901 made a spirited plea for recognition of Cornwall as a Celtic nation.
He was a flamboyant individual who appeared at the 1902 Bangor Eisteddfod as the Cornish delegate sporting a traditional Cornish costume of his own design, he was barded by the Welsh Gorsedd in 1904 and took the bardic name of "Bardd Glas" (the Blue Bard) because he was clad from his tights to his cap in this colour. Also involved with Cowethas Kelto Kernuak was Henry Jenner who had retired to Cornwall following a distinguished career as librarian at the British Museum. Together with Jenner, he was joinly responsible for Cornwall gaining its acceptance as a Celtic nation by the Pan Celtic Congress of 1904. Later the two men founded the Cornish Gorseth. 
The Cowethas Kelto Kernuak organisation petered out at the outbreak of the Great War and the colourful and enigmatic Bardd Glas progressively turned his attention away from Cornish Celtic culture to Welsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19578563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578563" title="Jeffersontown High School">
Jeffersontown High School

Jeffersontown High School is a public high school in the Jefferson County public schools district in Kentucky. The school known as the Jeffersontown Chargers is a Career Magnet Academy with strong ties to numerous business/education partnerships within the region including the city of Jeffersontown and the Bluegrass Industrial Park community. The current principal is Marty Pollio. The school offers many academic and athletic activities including an active US Marine JROTC program. 

</doc>
<doc id="19578565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578565" title="Fihavanana">
Fihavanana

Fihavanana (fee-hA-va-Na-na) is a Malagasy word encompassing the Malagasy concept of kinship, friendship, goodwill between beings, both physical and spiritual. The literal translation is difficult to capture, as the Malagasy culture applies the concept in unique ways. Its origin is "havana", meaning kin.
Malagasy culture is full of proverbs related to fihavanana: “Ny Fihavanana no taloha ny vola”, which loosely translated means “The relationship is more important than the money”. But fihavanana is more than just “relationship”. It comes from the belief that we are all one blood and that how we treat others will eventually be reflected back to us; and that we should be proactive about goodwill for the good of the world. Fihavanana is not limited to the present but can also be applied to our relationship with the spiritual world.
The concept is thus similar to the Southern African ubuntu_(philosophy)

</doc>
<doc id="19578576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578576" title="Campbell's Covered Bridge">
Campbell's Covered Bridge

Campbell's Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge in northeastern Greenville County, South Carolina, near the small town of Gowensville,and crosses Beaverdam Creek off Pleasant Hill Road.
Campbell's Covered Bridge is the last remaining covered bridge in South Carolina. 
It is owned by Greenville County, which closed it to motorized traffic in the early 1980s. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 1, 2009.
History.
The bridge was built in 1909 by Charles Irwin Willis (1878–1966) and was named for grist mill owner Alexander Lafayette Campbell (1836–1920), who built and maintained a nearby corn mill for many years, portions of which remain.
The Campbell bridge has been restored twice, first in 1964 by the Crescent Garden Club, and then in 1990.
The land surrounding the bridge was owned by Sylvia Pittman until 2005, when she sold to the Greenville County. She said, "I had in mind to have a park preserve this to let everyone enjoy this like we have." The US$180,000 for beginning the park was covered by state and county grants.
Structure.
The Campbell's bridge is long and wide. It was constructed in the relatively rare four-span, Howe truss design and features vertical iron rods and diagonal pine timbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19578584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578584" title="Sun Nan">
Sun Nan

Sun Nan (born February 18, 1969) is a famous pop singer from mainland China. He is a native of Dalian.
Sun Nan 孙楠.
Sun Nan 孙楠， one of the most popular singers in Mainland, China. Some representatives works are: "Be there or be square","The wind goes to North","Save", and Olympic song "Forever friends". In the year 1990, Sun became a well-known name by the album "Crescent Moon".He has released 12 albums and over 10 million sales in total. Also, Sun has held 30+ concerts in Asia, and 100+ concerts in different cities around the whole world.
In the 1990s he was considered a frontline singer in the Beijing music scene. He came to prominence after 2002.
In August 2012, Sun served on the judging panel of the first season of "Asian Wave" on Dragon Television's . Sun Nan grew up in a small family of China, and his parents did not like him to be a singer at the beginning. But Sun Nan has proved himself of getting many awards in his career.He cancelled all the concerts in Japan during the territorial disputing of Diaoyu Islands between China and Japan.
Sun Nan has 4 children which 3 of them are from his ex-wife (Mai Hongmei), they have a big conflict in the custody of their children, and the lawsuit is still going on.
Discography.
1990: Curved moon (弯弯的月亮)
1993: We're all sad people (我们都是伤心人)
1995: Life after life (生生世世)
1997: Understanding (认识孙楠)
1998: Go there and be healed (不见不散)
1999: Aurora (南极光)
2001: Marvellous nan (楠得精彩)
2002: Heaven's destiny (缘份的天空)
2003: Dì yī nán zhǔjiǎo (第一楠主角)
2004: Burning fire (燃烧)
2005: It is forgotten (忘不了你)
2009: Happiness (痛快)
2011: SUN-NAN2011 (第一楠主角2011)
TV Series Theme Songs.
Ai Tai Nan (爱太难) To Love is Too Difficult, Da Xi Fa theme song (China Central Television, 2012)
Ai Ni Ai Bu Gou (爱你爱不够) Can't Love You Enough, Zhang Xiao Wu's Spring opening theme song (China Central Television, 2010)
Bi Tian Geng Gao (比天更高) Higher than the Sky, The Prince's Education opening theme song (China Central Television, 2008)
He Ni Zai Yi Qi (和你在一起) Together with You, Sword Stained with Royal Blood ending theme song (2007)
Dun Huang Ri Yue (敦煌日月), The Great Dunhuang opening theme song (China Central Television, 2006)
Bu Mie De Xin (不灭的心) Inextinguishable Heart, Lotus Lantern opening theme song (China Central Television, 2005)
Zhen Qing Zhen Mei, Legend of the Condor Heroes ending theme song, with Valen Hsu (China Central Television, 2003)
Zhi Yao You Ni, Young Justice Bao ending theme song, with Na Ying (2000)
Wu Kui Yu Xin (无愧于心), Young Justice Bao opening theme song (2000)
Jin Sheng De Ai Zou Yuan (今生的爱走远), Love Story in Shanghai ending theme song, with Ai Yu (2000)
Shi Fou Ai Guo Wo (是否爱过我), Love Story in Shanghai opening theme song (2000)
Trivia.
Chinese name: 孙楠
Birtyday: Feb 18th,1969
Height: 177 cm
Hobbies: Soccer(Captain of Meng Zhou soccer team), F1, Golf.
Favorite Movie: Ghost (1990 film)
Most unforgettable thing: Fell in love with someone.
Wife:Pan Wei
Ex-wife:Mai Hong Mei
Daughter:Mai Bao Yao
Son:Sun Jun Zhe
Favorite food: Seafood
Favorite music style: Pop, Love song.
Favorite color: Black and white
Sun Nan was criticized by Chinese internet users of changing nationality because he has 4 children which over the limitations of the birth control law in China. Sun Nan's manager has announced it is not the truth but Sun Nan has cancelled many concerts because of the blaming from the internet.
Career.
1987-1989 Beijing coal mine Art
1990-1991 Dalian Churos
1991-1993 The central song and dance ensemble (Gu Jianfen Art Center)
1990 First ablbum 《Curved moon》 was released by GuangDong Media Publishing house
1992 Sun Nan went to Hong Kong as one of the 10 most popular singers in China.(Other 9 members are:Na Ying、Xie Xiaodong、Mao Amin、Cai Guoqing、Cheng Fangyuan、Yang Yuying、Tao Jin、Xie Jin、Teng Geer).
1992 Sun Nan held 6 concerts "The night of Sun Nan" in Indonesia, and that was the first time a Chinese pop singer can hold a concert in another country.
1993 Sun Nan joined Music Impact Ltd. (Taiwan)，other artists including Andy Liu、Tony Leung Chiu-Wai、Rosamund Kwan、Max Mok、Leo Ku discography、Serene Koong.
Awards.
1996 Ten golden song Awards: Most popular Chinese song of the year.
1997 The song 《淡淡的忧》 became the Top ten songs of 1997 in China
2001 CCTV-MTV Music Festival: The mainland's most popular male singer.(3rd)
2002 CCTV-MTV Music Festival: The mainland's most popular male singer.(4th)
2004 Pepsi Music Chart "Golden song" and "Male singer of the year."
2008 Ten golden song Awards: Most popular Chinese song of the year.
2008 TVB ten golden song Awards " The best pop singer of Mainland China."
2010 CCTV-MTV Music Festival: The mainland's most popular male singer.(First one who can win this award for 3 times)
2012 The Knowledge China "Special Contribution of the year."
Concerts.
Marvellous nan tour (2001)
Concert in Changchun
Concert in Dalian
Concert in Shanghai
Nan era music festival (2009)
Concert in Beijing
Concert in Wuxi
Concert in Shenzhen

</doc>
<doc id="19578587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578587" title="Laura l'immortelle">
Laura l'immortelle

"Laura l'immortelle" ("Laura the Immortal" in French) is a novel by Marie-Pier Côté, a Québécois Canadian author. The book was published by Les Éditions des Intouchables on January 17, 2007.
When Côté was 12, her novel was published. The book was launched with a lot of publicity because of the author's age. The author initially stated that she secretly wrote the book between mid-October 2005 and mid-June 2006 and corresponded with a friend. 
On March 13, 2007 the French-language newspaper "La Presse" published an article noting a list of similarities between "Laura l'immortelle" and the film "Highlander"; "La Presse" editor Nathaëlle Morissette discovered that the novel had similarities to the film, with one editor saying that the similarities were "a little troubling."
A Frenchman named Frédéric Jeorge received a copy of the book, and he found that almost all of the book was a copy of "Des cendres et du vent," a "Highlander" fan fiction written by Jeorge that was available on the Internet around 2001 to 2002. After being confronted, Côté admitted that she plagiarized the fan fiction, and presented it as an original work.
Jeorge received $4,500 as compensation from the publisher, amd Michel Brûlé, the owner of the publishing company responsible for the publication of the book, said that Côté's parents also had to pay $24,469.32 as compensation to the publisher. "Laura l'immortelle" had about 5,000 copies printed.

</doc>
<doc id="19578603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578603" title="Jane Naana Opoku-Agyemang">
Jane Naana Opoku-Agyemang

Jane Naana Opoku Agyemang (born 22 November 1951 in Cape Coast, Ghana) is the current Minister for Education in Ghana. She was appointed in 2013 by President John Mahama after the 2012 Ghanaian general election. She is a member of the National Democratic Congress.
Professor Opoku-Agyemang, former Vice-Chancellor of University of Cape Coast, Ghana, was the first female Vice-Chancellor of a state University in Ghana. She assumed duty on 1 October 2008, succeeding Emmanuel Addow-Obeng.
Biography.
Born on 22 November 1951 in Cape Coast, Ghana, Naana Jane Opoku-Agyemang attended Anglican Girl's Secondary School at Koforidua and Aburi Presby Girl's School. She then had her secondary education at the Wesley Girls High School in Cape Coast from 1964 to 1971. She completed B.Ed.(Hons) in English and French at the University of Cape Coast in 1977 and obtained her Masters and Doctorate degrees from York University in Toronto, Canada in 1980 and 1986 respectively.
Professor Opoku-Agyemang taught and worked at the University of Cape Coast, starting in 1986. She has held various academic positions including Head of the Department of English, Dean of the Faculty of Arts, Warden of Adehye Hall, Valco Trust Fund Post-Graduate Hostel, and Dean of School of Graduate Studies and Research. From 1997, she has held the position of Academic Director of the School for International Training in the History and Cultures of the African Diaspora. From 2008-2012 she was the University's Vice Chancellor.
In March, 2007, she was one of five scholars selected to deliver presentations during the 200th Anniversary of the Abolition of Slavery at the United Nations Headquarters in New York.
In October 2009, she was elected Ghana's representative to the Executive Board of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO).
As of January 2013, she is the new Education Minister of Ghana.
Professional association.
Opoku-Agyemang is a member of the Ghana Academy of Arts and Sciences, University Teachers Association of Ghana, English Studies Association, African Studies Association, USA, African Literature Association, USA and International Fulbright Scholars Association, among others.
Awards.
Opoku-Agyemang has been honoured with honorary degrees from the University of West Indies and Winston-Salem University. She has also received an award for Global leadership from the University of South Florida in Tampa.

</doc>
<doc id="19578619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578619" title="Sweet discography">
Sweet discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of British rock band Sweet.
Albums.
Compilation albums.
Notes
Singles.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19578660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578660" title="Jupiter Barrier">
Jupiter Barrier

Jupiter Barrier is the name for an effect of the gas giants (in particular Jupiter), that reduces the likelihood for objects from the outer Solar System (in particular from the Oort cloud) to reach the inner Solar System.

</doc>
<doc id="19578706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578706" title="Mirabal">
Mirabal

The name Mirabal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19578716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578716" title="Charter Company">
Charter Company

The Charter Company of Jacksonville, Florida was a conglomerate with more than 180 subsidiaries that was in the Fortune 500 for 11 years beginning in 1974 and ranked 61st in 1984. The company filed for bankruptcy protection in late 1984, eventually selling off all of its businesses and purchasing Spelling Entertainment Inc. to form Spelling Entertainment Group Inc.
History.
The Charter Company was started in Jacksonville, Florida in 1949 by Jacksonville native, Raymond Knight Mason, just graduated from college. The company's roots were from the "Mason Lumber Company", founded in 1919.
Edward Ball, a powerful figure in Florida business and politics for decades, was Mason's friend and mentor. Ball worked for Alfred I. du Pont for nine years as a business associate before du Pont's death in 1935, then managed the trust's assets for another 46 years.
Charter started with a group of Florida mortgage, banking and land-developing firms. The company then bought 60 small gas stations in 1968.
In 1970, Charter purchased a petroleum operation for $70 million from the Signal Companies. Included in the deal was a small gasoline refinery in Houston, Texas in need of updating, a string of gas stations in the Southeast and a handful of questionable tanker contracts. Four years later, when the Arab Oil Embargo struck, Charter cashed in.
Also in 1970, congress repealed an exemption which allowed charitable trusts to control banks, forcing the du Pont Trust to divest itself of the Florida National Bank Group, which Charter purchased. Charter also owned 8.4% of the St. Joe Paper Company, one of the largest assets in the du Pont Trust, while St. Joe owned 22% of Charter. The two companies exchanged shares in 1972 with the intention of merging.
Senator Joseph Tydings was an investment partner in Charter since 1964 with $2 million in equity. At one time, Tydings was the largest Charter stockholder outside of the Mason family. A Life Magazine article in 1970 suggested that the senator used his influence to assist Charter in business deals, but no laws were broken.
In 1975, Charter purchased "Redbook" from Norton Simon Inc. In 1978, Charter acquired Downe Communications, the publisher of the "Ladies' Home Journal". Charter had had a controlling stake in Downe for several years prior. The year before, Downe had acquired Bartell, the publisher of such magazines as "Sport".
Charter acknowledged that in 1978 and 1979, two of its oil executives had discussions with fugitive financier Robert Vesco; Mr. Vesco and Mr. Mason had business discussions as far back as 1971. Vesco was living in the Bahamas and had declined requests that he return to the U.S. to face charges that he swindled investors out of millions of dollars. The Senate Judiciary Committee was investigating connections between Billy Carter, brother of President Jimmy Carter, Vesco, and the country of Libya.
"Carey Energy Corporation", with $550 million in assets, was acquired by Charter in 1979 for $4 million is cash, $16 million in Charter convertible preferred stock and a consulting job for Edward M. Carey paying $200,000 per year. Carey Energy's principal assets were a 65% ownership in a Bahamas Refinery and the New England Petroleum Company, a fuel oil distributorship based in Brooklyn which sold the fuel produced by the refinery up and down the Atlantic coast.
In 1980, Charter decided to buy Commonwealth Oil Refining Co. and their Puerto Rican refinery, which processed . per-day, for $650 million. The company also had plans to build a . per-day refinery in Alaska to process the . per-day of North Slope crude that they were promised.
Operations.
The company was split along three lines: Oil Refining, Insurance and Communications.
Raymond Knight Mason.
Mason had a reputation for eccentricity, but employees said he had "his own ways." Mason owned two special properties, both of which were acquired through his friend, Ed Ball. Epping Forest was the former estate of Alfred I. du Pont and Jessie Ball du Pont, Ball's sister. The Mason mansion, which Mason still owns, is a castle in Ballynahinch, County Galway, Ireland, and was once owned by Ed Ball.
Performance.
The company had sales totaling about $5 billion in 1981, while their earnings were $.06 per share, the lowest point in a decade. The drop was attributed to the oil glut, which drove down prices.
That year, Jack Donnell began eliminating some of the communications and publishing properties and whittled down the list of subsidiaries to a level the company could function with.
Charter had net earnings of $53.89 million, or $2.01 a share in 1983.
In 1984, the company reported a net loss of $749.34 million, $685 million of which the company attributed to discontinued operations, the expenses of filing for bankruptcy and provisions for estimated losses on disposal of assets which were partially offset by gains on assets sold.
Troubles.
The 1980s began with earnings down dramatically, and things went from bad to worse.
Copter crash.
The Charter Company suffered a tragedy in the foggy, early hours of July 29, 1982 when four senior executives died in Ireland when their helicopter crashed in route from Mason's castle to Shannon International Airport. Killed were Jack T. Donnell, 53, Charter's president and chief operating officer and three from Charter Oil: Dudley K. Parker, 49, president; Barry L. Green, 34, executive vice president; and Jay L. Lammons, 43, senior vice president.
Zeke Zechella, who had joined Charter in 1980 after leaving Offshore Power Systems, was named president of Charter, replacing Donnell.
Lawsuit.
A lawsuit was filed on December 16, 1983 seeking more than $1.8 billion in damages. The Charter Company dba Charter Oil Company of Jacksonville were one of four companies named as defendants.
Independent Petrochemical Corporation (IPC), was a wholly owned subsidiary of Charter Oil. On several occasions, and as a courtesy to a customer, IPC arranged for the disposal of waste oil by a St. Louis waste oil hauler, Bliss Oil, with the understanding that Bliss would take the oil to a waste disposal site. In actuality, after Bliss Oil's president tasted the oil to check its suitability for other uses and found the flavor fit, Bliss sprayed it as a dust suppressant at various locations throughout Missouri. The sprayings occurred over a period of at least two months, with each spraying lasting about 30–40 minutes. The waste oil contained dioxins and dioxin-like compounds, chemical compounds that were known carcinogens. The discharge of the dioxin-contaminated oil was the basis of claims against IPC by the federal government, the State of Missouri, and over 1,600 private plaintiffs. The private suits sought an aggregate $4 billion in compensatory damages and an identical amount in punitive damages. IPC entered into settlements covering all of the claims which included over $100 million owed to the federal government for clean-up of various sites in Missouri.
Bankruptcy.
When Edward M. Carey sold Carey Energy Corporation to Charter in 1979, his comment was: "Being in the oil business is like having a bear by the tail. You have to keep feeding it. You have to feed it to get it to perform."
At the time, Carey's bear (Carey Energy) had been in a prolonged mauling mood because he was unable to feed it (obtain a source of crude oil for the refinery). Five years later, the bear was hungry and got angry again.
One of the primary reasons for Charter's bankruptcy was the financial market. Oil prices dropped sharply and companies lost their ability to get trade credit, so they were unable to purchase crude oil (feed the bear) and that forced Charter into Chapter 11, according to Mason.
The Charter Company and 43 subsidiaries (including IPC) filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy law on April 20, 1984.
In conjunction with the Bankruptcy filing, the company laid off 200 people in its Jacksonville office—which represented almost a 50% loss—and an equal number in Houston.
Mason sold Epping Forest to Herb Peyton in 1984 and resigned as Charter's Chairman. Company president Zeke Zechella retired the following year. Most of the company's subsidiaries were sold off before emerging from court protection in 1987. Creditors received Charter stock representing a 50.5% ownership in the company in payment for Charter's debts. Carl Lindner acquired control of Charter in bankruptcy court.
One notable element of Charter's bankruptcy was stockholder equity. Typically, company stock would be worthless, but Jacksonville attorney Stephen Busey, who represented Charter in the legal proceedings, stated that it is unusual for shareholders to get as much value as Charter's stockholders did.
A long, drawn out ending.
Charter vanished from Jacksonville's headlines and former employees found positions at other businesses when the bankruptcy was discharged in 1988. Carl Lindner's "American Financial Corporation", which owned 53% of Charter's stock, moved the company from Jacksonville to Cincinnati, Ohio.
In early 1992, Charter announced an agreement to sell all remaining oil operations in a management buyout. That transaction left Charter with one business, an 82% stake in Spelling Entertainment, the television production company that produced over a dozen popular drama series.
Entertainment giant Viacom purchased the last remaining asset in 1999.
Current-day American cable company Charter Communications is completely unrelated to Charter Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19578724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578724" title="M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle">
M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle

The M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle ("EMR", NSN 1005-01-553-5196; more formally the Rifle, 7.62 MM, M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle (EMR)) is a semi-automatic, gas-operated designated marksman rifle chambered for the 7.62x51mm NATO cartridge. It is a modified and accurized version of the M14 rifle used by the United States Military. It is based on the current United States Marine Corps Designated Marksman Rifle (DMR), which it replaced.
The rifle is currently issued with match-grade M118LR 175-grain Long Range ammunition. The "basic" EMR (i.e., without telescopic sight, magazine, sling, basic issue items, cleaning gear, suppressor and bipod) weighs or less.
It has a resemblance to the Mk 14 Enhanced Battle Rifle.
History.
In November 1991, Marine Corps Systems Command drafted a Mission Needs Statement for an enhanced Sniper Support Team Weapon (SSTW). It called for a weapon to support the M40A1 sniper rifle in a scout sniper team for close-range engagements and to lay down rapid semiautomatic suppressive fire. At the time, the role was filled by the M16A2, which could not mount optics or night vision sights and used M855 5.56 mm ammunition, which was inaccurate for the role. A previous designated marksmen weapon effort attempted to use the M14 for the role, but it was not as accurate as bolt-action rifles and could not fit into the Fleet Marine Forces logistics system. The enhanced SSTW had to engage targets out to 600 meters, use ammunition interchangeable with the M40A1, be able to mount a sound suppressor and optics, and be supportable. Even though the M14 was not initially suitable, rifle equipment builders continued to refine it and produced versions as “interim measures.” They eventually became a program onto themselves and culminated as the M39 Enhanced Marksman Rifle.
Specifications.
There are several notable differences between the DMR and EMR.
Applications.
The EMR is primarily used by a designated marksman, to provide precision fire for units that do not rate a Scout Sniper. As a replacement for the DMR, the EMR fills the need for a lightweight, accurate weapon system utilizing a cartridge more powerful than the M16A4's standard 5.56x45mm NATO—the 7.62x51mm NATO. The EMR is also used by Marine Scout Snipers when the mission requires rapid accurate fire and by Marine Corps Explosive Ordnance Disposal teams.
In early 2012, the Marine Corps began replacing the M39 with the M110 Semi-Automatic Sniper System originally developed for the United States Army on a one-for-one basis. The M110 better fills the requirements of the SSTW, being able to mount suppressors and night vision systems while maintaining zero, and having M16 training and supply commonality.

</doc>
<doc id="19578726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578726" title="Namibia Press Agency">
Namibia Press Agency

The Namibia Press Agency (NAMPA) is the national news agency of the Republic of Namibia. It was founded in 1987 under the name "Namibia Press Association" as a SWAPO partisan press agency, and resuscitated after independence under its current name in 1991. Its operation is regulated by the "Namibia Press Agency Act of 1992". The state owned agency is responsible for news distribution and picture services to local and international customers. Up until now, the agency offers text and picture services, but no audio or video material. About 20 journalists and 30 other staff members work for NAMPA. Aside from its Windhoek headquarter, the agency has offices in Swakopmund, Gobabis, Ongwediva/Oshakati, Opuwo and Rundu. Most media in Namibia rely on the services of NAMPA, especially for international news.
In October 2002, the Committee to Protect Journalists asserted that NAMPA has "...long practiced self-censorship on contentious issues", while also accusing the Agency of being a government mouthpiece.

</doc>
<doc id="19578728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578728" title="Communauté de communes du Canton de Valmont">
Communauté de communes du Canton de Valmont

The communauté de communes du Canton de Valmont was created on January 1, 2000 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The communauté comprises the following 22 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19578741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578741" title="Fencing at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Fencing at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Fencing Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Máximo Cuervo Sports Hall" in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19578745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578745" title="1977–78 Liga Artzit">
1977–78 Liga Artzit

The 1977–78 Liga Artzit season saw Bnei Yehuda win the title and win promotion to Liga Leumit. Maccabi Petah Tikva, Hapoel Kfar Saba and Hapoel Rishon LeZion were also promoted as Liga Leumit expanded from 14 to 16 clubs.
Hapoel Beit Shemesh and Maccabi Sha'arayim were both relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19578789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578789" title="John Carver (disambiguation)">
John Carver (disambiguation)

John Carver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19578796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578796" title="Yogi Bear &amp; Friends">
Yogi Bear &amp; Friends

Yogi Bear & Friends is a syndicated animated series by Hanna-Barbera Productions that aired between 1967 and 1968. The show mainly consisted of reruns of classic shorts featuring Yogi Bear, Huckleberry Hound, Hokey Wolf, Pixie and Dixie, Yakky Doodle, and Snagglepuss.

</doc>
<doc id="19578825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578825" title="St. John's Lodge, Portsmouth, New Hampshire">
St. John's Lodge, Portsmouth, New Hampshire

St. John's Lodge in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, United States, is the first Masonic lodge in New Hampshire and was one of two founding lodges of the Grand Lodge of New Hampshire. It was founded either in 1734 or in 1736 and claims to be the oldest continuously operating Masonic lodge in the Americas, a title also claimed by Solomon's Lodge in Savannah, Georgia, which was founded in 1734.
History.
In 1735, six freemasons, who claimed to be of the "Holy and exquisite Lodge of St. John," applied to the Grand Master of the Society of Free and Accepted Masons in Boston to be authorized as a lodge. In their application, dated to both February 5, 1736 and June 25, 1735, they claimed that they had a constitution formed, and it was believed that the petition was granted soon after. According to the Grand Lodge of New Hampshire, "Robert Tomlinson, by virtue of a deputation from the Earl of Loundon, Grand Master of Masons in England, did. in the year 1736, erect and constitute a regular lodge of Free and Accepted Masons in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, by the name of St. John's Lodge." Although the exact date of when the lodge was established is unknown, it is certain that it existed since 1736.
They would be the only lodge in New Hampshire until March 20, 1762, when the Grand Lodge of St. John's allowed for Portsmouth to have a second lodge, St. Patrick's, which was not acted upon until March 30, 1763. When St. Patrick's Lodge discontinued in 1790, its remaining members merged with the St. John's Lodge.
In 1789, representatives of five lodges, including St John's, gathered at Portsmouth and resolved, "That there be a Grand Lodge established in the State of New Hampshire, upon principles consistent with and subordinate to the General Regulations and Ancient Constitutions of Free- masonry." Soon after, the Grand Lodge of New Hampshire was formed and was finalized on April 8, 1790. Until that time, St. John's was under the Massachusetts Grand Lodge and applied for a transfer to the New Hampshire lodge on April 28, 1790. During the meetings determining the foundation of the New Hampshire Grand Lodge, only a representative from St John's Lodge was present at each.
Prominent members.
Prominent members have included:
In addition twelve members of the lodge have been mayor of Portsmouth.
Community.
St John’s Lodge regularly supports charities and community events such as Big Brothers Big Sisters, Boy Scouts, and Toys for Tots, along with several academic acholarships. The lodge also manages and sponsors the annual Out of Hibernation 5K road race which takes place every April in Portsmouth, on a Saturday. Proceeds from this road race are donated to various charities such as the Wounded Warrior Project and the Seacoast Family Food Pantry.

</doc>
<doc id="19578829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578829" title="Prince Albert City Council">
Prince Albert City Council

Prince Albert City Council is the governing body of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Composition.
The Council consists of the City's Mayor and eight elected City Councilors, with City Councilors representing the interests of each of the eight wards of the City.
History.
The Council's history dates back to the incorporation of Prince Albert Settlement as a town in 1885, under its first mayor; Thomas McKay.
Council members.
Mayor.
Greg Dionne is the current mayor of Prince Albert, and head of the City Council.
Ward 1.
Charlene Miller is the current councillor representing "Ward 1", which encompasses the West Flat area of the City.
Ward 2.
Rick Orr is the current councillor representing "Ward 2", which encompasses Prince Albert's downtown core, as well as Hazeldell, Nordale and the North Industrial district north of the North Saskatchewan River.
Ward 3.
Lee Atkinson is the current councillor representing "Ward 3" which includes the Midtown area of the East Flat portion of the City.
Ward 4.
Past mayor Don Cody is the current councillor representing "Ward 4" which encompasses the eastern portion of the East Flat area of the City.
Ward 5.
Tim Scharkowski is the current councillor representing "Ward 5" which encompasses the Crescent Heights area of the City, as well as parts of the Carlton Park neighbourhood.
Ward 6.
Martin Ring is the current councillor representing "Ward 6" which encompasses the Crescent Acres and Carlton Park neighbourhoods on the southeast side of the City.
Ward 7.
Mark Tweidt is the current councillor for "Ward 7" which includes the East Hill neighbourhood of the City.
Ward 8.
Ted Zurakowski is the current councillor for "Ward 8" which encompasses the West Hill neighbourhood of the City.

</doc>
<doc id="19578856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578856" title="Council of Europe Archives">
Council of Europe Archives

The Council of Europe Archives are located at the headquarters of the Organisation at the Palace of Europe in Strasbourg, France. They were set up in 1949 soon after the Organisation was created. Open to the public, they constitute a unique research source for the early history of European integration. Files are declassified under the Council of Europe's one-year, 10-year and 30-year rules, which are explained on the Archives website.
In 1960 the Archives of the Treaty of Brussels Organisation, for social and cultural activities, were transferred to the Council of Europe Archives, when the Council of Europe took over these activities. 
Part of the archive collections can be searched online using the Council of Europe's Webcat database.
In 2001 the Archives embarked on an ambitious programme of mass deacidification and digitisation.
The Archive is best known for its files containing all the proposed designs for the Flag of Europe.
The Archives are also the repository for the instruments of ratification of the Council of Europe's international treaties, of which the best known is the European Convention on Human Rights

</doc>
<doc id="19578859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578859" title="River Oaks Chamber Orchestra">
River Oaks Chamber Orchestra

The River Oaks Chamber Orchestra (ROCO) is a Houston (TX) based Chamber Orchestra founded in 2005 by Principal Oboist Alecia Lawyer. Now in its fourth season, the program includes classical music as well as compositions from contemporary composers (e.g. Carter Pann). The participating musicians represent outstanding players from the national professional community. Among the conductors are JoAnn Falletta, Joel Smirnoff and Alexander Platt. ROCO performs occasionally without conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="19578867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578867" title="West End (Portland, Maine)">
West End (Portland, Maine)

The West End is a downtown neighborhood in Portland, Maine. It is located on the western side of Portland's peninsula primarily on Bramhall Hill and is noted for its architecture and history. The neighborhood is home to a large number of historic homes and parks and, in 2010, it was called "one of the best preserved Victorian neighborhoods in the country". The Western Promenade, a park laid out in 1836, overlooks the Libbytown and Stroudwater neighborhoods of Portland and beyond. Other historic structures include 68 High Street, The Gothic House, Brown House, Butler House, Ingraham House, Morrill Mansion and the Minott House.
The West End is known for ethnic and socioeconomic diversity; in 1994, it was called one of Portland's 'gay-friendly' neighborhoods.
Education.
Reiche Community School, a public school located on Brackett Street, serves the West End's K-5 school-age students. It also houses a branch library, swimming pool, and community center. Waynflete School, a private school located on Spring Street, is also located in the neighborhood. Learning Works, formally known as Portland West, is located on Brackett Street in the West End. Founded as a community group fighting the gentrification of the West End in 1967, Learning Works is now a social services agency which provides educational opportunities to at-risk teenagers, immigrants, refugees and low income families.
Healthcare.
Mercy Hospital was established in 1918 by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland and the Sisters of Mercy. Maine Medical Center, Maine's largest hospital and Portland's largest employer, is located on the Western Promenade. It was founded in 1874.
Media.
The West End News is a local weekly newspaper which includes news and information pertaining to the neighborhood and the city at-large.
Parks and cemeteries.
Five city parks are located in the neighborhood, including Clark Street Park, Harbor View Park, Tate-Tyng Playground and McIntyre Park, and the Western Promenade with a view of the White Mountains in New Hampshire. The Western Cemetery, Portland's primary cemetery from 1829–1852, is located in the neighborhood.
McIntyre Park on Taylor Street was redeveloped beginning in October 2011. Funded by a grant from the Department of Housing and Urban Development at a cost of $83,000, the park upgraded its basketball court, seating area, swings and other playground equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19578877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578877" title="Seaside High School">
Seaside High School

Seaside High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19578890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578890" title="1978–79 Liga Artzit">
1978–79 Liga Artzit

The 1978–79 Liga Artzit season saw Hakoah Ramat Gan win the title and win promotion to Liga Leumit. Maccabi Ramat Amidar and Hapoel Petah Tikva were also promoted.
Hapoel Marmorek, Hapoel Netanya and Hapoel Ashdod were all relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19578922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578922" title="Bärbel Inhelder">
Bärbel Inhelder

Bärbel Inhelder (April 15, 1913–February 17, 1997) was a Swiss developmental psychologist, the most famous co-worker of Jean Piaget. She was born in St. Gallen, Switzerland and moved to Geneva in 1932 where she studied at the University of Geneva Institut Jean-Jacques Rousseau. She obtained her bachelor's (1935) and doctorate (1943) in psychology.
Inhelder worked at the University of Geneva until her retirement in 1983, collaborating with Jean Piaget in his experimental work on child development. Their collaboration began with her dissertation on children's conservation and continued for almost 50 years. Their many joint publications include "The Growth of Logical Thinking from Childhood to Adolescence" (1958), "The Psychology of the Child" (1966), and "The Child's Conception of Space" (1967).
Inhelder's work was particularly significant in the discovery of the stage of "formal operations" occurring in the transition between childhood and adolescence. This type of thinking involves deductive reasoning and the ability to reason hypothetically.
Barbel Inhelder died in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19578976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578976" title="Deprive">
Deprive

__NOTOC__
To deprive a person is an intransitive verb, which can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19578981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19578981" title="Dryolestidae">
Dryolestidae

Dryolestidae was an abundant and diverse group of Mesozoic mammals. These mammals were different from their relatives by having the following two characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="19579006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579006" title="1980–81 Liga Artzit">
1980–81 Liga Artzit

The 1980–81 Liga Artzit season saw Beitar Tel Aviv win the title and win promotion to Liga Leumit. Beitar Jerusalem and Maccabi Haifa were also promoted.
Hapoel Hadera, Hapoel Holon and Maccabi Herzliya were all relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19579030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579030" title="Douglas High School">
Douglas High School

Douglas High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19579036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579036" title="Aboriginal Curatorial Collective">
Aboriginal Curatorial Collective

The Aboriginal Curatorial Collective is a Canadian-based fine arts organization that provides professional development opportunities to the Aboriginal peoples in Canada which include, the First Nations, Inuit and Métis artists and curators.
History.
Established as a not-for-profit organization in 2006, the Collective's mandate is dedicated to increasing the public profile of Aboriginal art curators and their role in protecting, fostering and extending Aboriginal arts and culture throughout North America.
The Aboriginal Curatorial Collective supports its mandate through sponsorship of an annual conference and other professional networking opportunities, including lectures and exhibitions. Caucuses are the main instrument through which members participate in the direction of the ACC/CCA. Many of the central activities of the ACC/CCA will be determined by the priorities, participation and energy of caucuses. There is an extensive list of objects of the corporation. The establishment of caucuses by members around these objects will help determine their priority for ACC/CCA action. There are also other Aboriginal curatorial community issues that caucuses will address and that the ACC/CCA will put resources behind. Prominent First Nation artists who belong to the Collective include Robert Houle and Greg A. Hill (artist).

</doc>
<doc id="19579070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579070" title="Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia">
Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (ELCIN) is a Lutheran denomination based in Namibia. It has a total membership of over 703,893, mainly in Northern Namibia. Formerly known as the Evangelical Lutheran Ovambo-Kavango Church, it played a significant role in opposition to Apartheid in Namibia and was part of the Namibian independence struggle.
Other Lutheran churches in Namibia are the southern based Evangelical Lutheran Church in the Republic of Namibia and the German-speaking Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (GELK).
The current presiding bishop is Dr. Shekutaamba V. V. Nambala.
History.
The church developed out of the work of the Finnish Missionary Society that began in 1870 among the Ovambo and Kavango people in the northern area of what became German South-West Africa. In 1954, an independent church known as the Evangelical Lutheran Ovambo-Kavango Church (ELOC) was established with Birger Eriksson as its first president.
The first Namibian bishop of ELOC, Leonard Auala, played a notable role in the struggle for Namibia's independence. 1971 an open letter was jointly written with Moderator Paulus Gowaseb of the Rhenish Mission's United Evangelical Lutheran Church in South-West Africa (later known as the Evangelical Lutheran Church in the Republic of Namibia) to the Prime Minister of South Africa, B.J. Vorster declared their church's opposition to the continued rule of South Africa and the acceptance of the recommendation by the International Court of Justice for the withdrawal of South Africa's mandate and a transition period towards independence.
In 1984, ELOC's name was officially changed to its current name, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia.
Auala's successor, Kleopas Dumeni, also played an important role in highlighting the plight of Namibians under South African rule. Bishop Dumeni suffered personal losses in the struggle including the death of his 18-year-old daughter in a bomb blast in 1988.
In 2007, ELCIN together with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in the Republic of Namibia and the German-speaking Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia (GELK) formed the United Church Council: Namibia Evangelical Lutheran Churches, with the ultimate aim of becoming one national Lutheran church.
Structure.
In 1992, the church was divided into two dioceses, the Eastern Diocese and the Western Diocese, each led by its own bishop. One of the bishops is elected as the Presiding Bishop of the whole ELCIN.
Affiliations.
ELCIN participates actively in ecumenical work through its affiliation with:

</doc>
<doc id="19579071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579071" title="Astralingua">
Astralingua

Astralingua is the ongoing musical project of San Francisco Bay Area composer and producer Joseph Andrew Thompson. The music derives from a wide variety of musical styles and has been described as a blend of world fusion and psychedelic rock. Astralingua's first album, "Contact", was recorded in 2007, released in February 2008, and published by Outlookwithin (BMI). Since its release, "Contact" has been reviewed in various newspapers and on-line publications, including "Music Emissions" and the "East Bay Express." Astralingua also maintains a fan base in Europe; in Fall 2008, Joseph Thompson was interviewed by the European newspaper "Weltexpress" in the article "Follow the Icaro." In "Contact," an artist-released EP, unique rhythms and arrangements, world and classical instrumentation and visionary lyricism are combined to invoke the yearnings of the soul and the reaching of the consciousness into other worlds. 
The songs on "Contact" feature many talented Bay Area musicians: drummer Paulo Baldi (Les Claypool, Cake), accordionist Rob Reich (Gaucho), charanguista Eddy Navia (Savia Andina, Sukay), Spanish guitarist Gabriel Navia, cellist George Chavez, bassist Mark Calderon,
woodwind player Ralph Carney (Tom Waits), and violinist Michele Walther. All of Astralingua's songs were written, composed, arranged, recorded and produced by Joseph Andrew Thompson. 
The center of the work is the title track "Contact." The album as a whole has a strong South American presence that can be heard in pan pipes, charango, and the tango and chacarrera rhythms. Astralingua's second release is currently being written and recorded.
Track List:" Contact ".
1. The Landing 

</doc>
<doc id="19579124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579124" title="George W. Stocking, Sr.">
George W. Stocking, Sr.

George W. Stocking Sr. (1892–1975) was an American economist who was one of the pioneers of industrial organization and an early writer on international cartels.
After completing a Ph.D. degree from Columbia University in 1925, he was professor of economics at the University of Texas at Austin from 1926 to 1947. During 1933-1943 he held several positions with the federal government, including the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, where he advised Attorney General Thurman Arnold. He founded and was professor and chair of the Department of Economics at Vanderbilt University in 1947, where he remained from 1947 to 1963. He was elected President of the Southern Economic Association in 1952, and of the American Economic Association in 1958.
Stocking was a pioneering economist of industrial organization. Stocking's most enduring research was published in three volumes: Cartels in Action (1946), Cartels or Competition? (1948), and Monopoly and Free Enterprise (1951). The first two volumes were seminal works in the field of empirical studies of price-fixing cartels; in them Stocking synthesized lavish quantitative and qualitative data on international cartels in eight markets that demonstrated their internal mechanisms, pervasiveness in the economy, and effects on industrial performance. The third volume addressed the problems of market power in the U.S. economy and public policies to ensure the benefits of free enterprise.
Education.
Stocking graduated from Clarendon College in Texas (BA 1918), the University of Texas (BA 1918, MA 1921), and Columbia University (Ph.D. 1925). His mentors at Columbia were Thorstein Veblen and Wesley Clair Mitchell.
Career.
Stocking's first book was an empirical study of competition in the petroleum industry, in which he had worked as a "roughneck" in the oil fields of western Texas. While teaching at the University of Texas, Stocking had his first taste of public service as a member of the Consumer Advisory Board of the National Recovery Administration (NRA) in the mid-1930s, where he observed the destructive effects of the brief U.S. legalization of industrial cartels.
When the antitrust laws were reinstated after about 1937, Stocking served through the early 1940s as an economic adviser to the great head of the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice, Thurman Arnold. It was Arnold who initiated for the first time a large number of successful U.S. criminal prosecutions of international cartels in the mid-1940s. Information from these prosecutions and from Congressional investigations of the nefarious roles played by cartels in facilitating the economic policies of national socialism formed the basis of Stocking's two landmark books on international price-fixing cartels.
In the 1950s, Stocking was involved in several issues that had lasting effects on antitrust enforcement. Perhaps Stocking's best-known journal article was a 1955 article in the "American Economic Review" that addressed what is now known as the "Cellophane Paradox." In research on the DuPont company arising from his student's (Willard F. Mueller) Ph. D. dissertation, Stocking and Mueller pointed out the error of mistaking a monopolist's inability to exercise market power by raising price above the current price for an inability to have already exercised market power by raising price significantly above the competitive price. Courts that use a monopolized product's elevated market price will typically misconstrue a completed anticompetitive act as a lack of market power. A second issue addressed by Stocking was the extent to which concepts of "workable competition" and the "rule of reason" should be employed in antitrust enforcement.

</doc>
<doc id="19579132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579132" title="Clausen's formula">
Clausen's formula

In mathematics, Clausen's formula, found by , expresses the square of a Gaussian hypergeometric series as a generalized hypergeometric series. It states
In particular it gives conditions for a hypergeometric series to be positive. This can be used to prove
several inequalities, such as the Askey–Gasper inequality used in the proof of de Branges's theorem.

</doc>
<doc id="19579137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579137" title="Incognito (operating system)">
Incognito (operating system)

Incognito is a Linux distribution based on Gentoo Linux. This distribution can be used as a Live CD or Live USB, the main feature being the inclusion of anonymity and security tools such as Tor by default.
The developer states on the project's homepage that Incognito will no longer be developed and recommends "The Amnesic Incognito Live System" as an alternative.
Anonymity and security tools.
Besides these tools, during system shutdown, the RAM is overwritten to ensure no possibility of data recovery later.
License.
The Tor project has listed Incognito as a licensee of the Tor brand name. In accordance to this license agreement, Incognito has the right to use the Tor name and logo as needed.

</doc>
<doc id="19579142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579142" title="Operation Silver (1949)">
Operation Silver (1949)

Operation Silver was a British intelligence operation which ran from 1949 to 1955 that covertly tapped into the landline communications of the Soviet Army headquarters in Vienna. 
The operation was considered a success (see Corera's "MI6: Life and Death in the British Secret Service, pp. 46-47), but the details were passed on to the KGB by George Blake in October 1953. The operation ended only when Austria regained full sovereignty. The British monitoring station was disguised as a shop which sold tweed clothing. 
In 1951, when the American CIA planned a similar operation in Berlin, the British revealed Operation Silver to the Americans and the two countries then jointly ran Operation Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19579176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579176" title="Pantheon Ventures">
Pantheon Ventures

Pantheon is a leading global private equity fund investor, operating through a series of fund of funds as well as a publicly traded private equity vehicle, Pantheon International Participations. Pantheon manages regional primary investments, global secondary and infrastructure investments and customised separate account programmes.
Pantheon has 180 employees with over US$23.6 billion in assets under management. The firm has operated as a subsidiary of Affiliated Managers Group Inc. ("AMG") since its acquisition in early 2010.
Originally formed in 1982 as the private equity investment division of GT Management in London, Pantheon's management acquired the private equity division in 1988 through a management buyout. Pantheon was then acquired by Russell Investments, an investment management subsidiary of Northwestern Mutual, in 2004.
In 2010, Pantheon was acquired by Affiliated Managers Group ("AMG"), a NYSE-listed asset management company with shareholdings in a diverse group of over 30 mid-sized asset management firms. Pantheon's management acquired a share of the equity in the transaction and is expected to maintain independent management of its business.
Pantheon develops and implements private equity investment strategies for more than 400 institutional investors globally, including public and private pension plans, endowments, foundations, and family offices.
Pantheon International Participations.
Pantheon International Participations plc () is a large British publicly traded private equity fund of funds investment trust managed by Pantheon Ventures. Established in 1987, PIP was the first private equity fund-of-funds investment trust and was formerly a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

</doc>
<doc id="19579179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579179" title="Operation Silver (2007)">
Operation Silver (2007)

Operation Silver was the name of a British led operation against Taliban forces in Helmand province in Afghanistan in 2007.
History.
On April 5, 2007, coalition forces launched Operation Silver, as part of the wider Operation Achilles, with some 1,000 troops. After giving advance warning of their offensive, they advanced into Sangin, which had been mostly abandoned by the insurgents. The new governor of Helmand Assadullah Wafa, was able to install a new district governor, and ISAF claimed to have pacified the town. The Taliban claim to still control neighbouring areas. Since the end of the siege, the district compound has still come under attack, but the British have built two new forward operating bases a few miles away that draw most of the Taliban attacks away from the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19579180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579180" title="1976–77 Liga Artzit">
1976–77 Liga Artzit

The 1976–77 Liga Artzit season was the first in which Liga Artzit came into existence. the league had 12 clubs (expanded to 14 the next season as three clubs were relegated from the Liga Leumit and only one promoted).
Hapoel Hadera won the title and promotion to Liga Leumit. Only one club was promoted as Liga Leumit was being reduced in size from 16 to 14 clubs.
Beitar Netanya and Maccabi Hadera were both relegated to Liga Alef

</doc>
<doc id="19579184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579184" title="William Henry Bogart">
William Henry Bogart

William Henry Bogart was born 1810 in Albany, New York and died 1888 in Aurora, Cayuga County, New York. He was a lawyer, legislator, journalist, historian and one of the first trustees of Wells College.
Political Office.
In 1840 Mr. Bogart was elected to the New York State Assembly to represent Tompkins County; he served one term. Additionally he was a clerk for the New York State Senate.
Writings.
Mr. Bogart was a correspondent for "New York Courier and Enquirer" and the "New York World" newspapers, but he was also an historian and author. He most well known for his book on Daniel Boone, "Daniel Boone and the Hunters of Kentucky" (1854) which Bogart wrote in an attempt to rescue Daniel Boone from becoming entirely myth and legend. Bogart also wrote poetry and books on more general American history.

</doc>
<doc id="19579197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579197" title="Kuroda Dam">
Kuroda Dam

The Kuroda Dam (黒田ダム) is a dam in the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579198" title="Nièvre (Loire)">
Nièvre (Loire)

The Nièvre is a river in central France, a right tributary of the Loire. It flows through the "département" Nièvre.
Its source in Champlemy. It flows generally south, through Guérigny, Urzy, and empties into the Loire in the town centre of Nevers.

</doc>
<doc id="19579246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579246" title="List of film series with more than ten entries">
List of film series with more than ten entries

This list is for film series with a number of films between eleven and nineteen in the series.
More than twenty films.
"See List of film series with more than twenty entries"

</doc>
<doc id="19579252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579252" title="Yechiel Fishel Eisenbach">
Yechiel Fishel Eisenbach

Yechiel Fishel Eisenbach (1925 – 4 September 2008) was a Haredi rabbi and long-time rosh yeshiva of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva in Jerusalem. He was widely regarded as one of the greatest kabbalists in Israel, and was an expert in the writings of the Arizal and the "siddur" of the Rashash.
Early life.
He was born in Jerusalem to Rabbi Yosef Eisenbach, a "sofer" (scribe), and studied in the Talmud Torah and yeshiva of Shomrei HaChomot. He was also one of the first students of Yeshivat Beit Avraham-Slonim, which was then led by Rabbi Sholom Noach Berezovsky, the Rebbe of Slonim.
After his marriage in 1944 to the daughter of Rabbi Asher Zelig Margolios, a noted kabbalist, Rabbi Eisenbach studied at the Pressburg Yeshiva under Rabbi Akiva Sofer (the Daas Sofer); the Toras Emes (Chabad) yeshiva; and Kollel Shomrei HaChomot. He was well known for his 18-hour day of learning, as well as his humility. Occasionally he gave shiurim (lectures) on Torah and fear of God to unmarried students. At different times, he served as mashgiach ruchani for the Slonim Yeshiva, and as "maggid shiur" (lecturer) for an elite group of students at Toras Emes.
Rosh yeshiva.
In 1973, Rabbi Refoel Dovid Auerbach of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva asked Rabbi Eisenbach to assume the mantle of rosh yeshiva after the passing of Rabbi Aharon Slotkin. Rabbi Eisenbach's proficiency in kabbalah was well-known. He knew all the writings of the Arizal and the siddur of the Rashash by heart, and was an expert in davening with the "kavannot" (mystical intentions) of these kabbalistic masters. Over the next 35 years, he taught thousands of students of kabbalah at the yeshiva, as well as began a new study of the "kavannot" of the Rashash.
Illness and death.
His health progressively worsened in the two years before his death at the age of 83. "Hespedim" (eulogies) were delivered at his yeshiva by Rabbi Gamliel Rabinowitz, a fellow rosh yeshiva of Shaar Hashamayim Yeshiva; Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach, yeshiva president; Rabbi Reuven Gross; Rabbi Yaakov Hillel; and Rabbi Eisenbach's son-in-law, Rabbi Moshe Uri Eisenstein, a rabbi from the Givat Shaul neighborhood of Jerusalem. He was buried on the Mount of Olives.
Rabbi Eisenbach is survived by two sons, Rabbi Yaakov Tzvi Eisenbach and Rabbi Yechezkel Eisenbach, and three sons-in-law: Rabbi Moshe Uri Eisenstein (Rav of the Givat Shaul neighborhood of Jerusalem, Rabbi Tovia Miller, and Rabbi Chanina Karpman, along with grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19579260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579260" title="Lists of film series">
Lists of film series


</doc>
<doc id="19579264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579264" title="Kovik River">
Kovik River

The Kovik River (French: "Rivière Kovik") is a river on the Arctic tundra in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. In some maps and publications name of the river is spelled "Kovic".
Course.
The river begins at Lake Vanasse about south of the community of Salluit and flows southeast, then southwest to Lake Belleau, and west to Lake Chassé. It continues west to Lake Maniraq where it takes in the right tributary Derville River, and takes in the right tributary Durouvray River further west, before reaching its mouth at Kovik Bay on Hudson Bay, adjacent to Cape Paalliq and about north of the community of Akulivik.
Culture.
The river is connected with story about Aukkautik. After his son was accidentally killed on a hunting trip, Aukkautik went on a killing rampage. Eventually, he was stabbed to death by another Inuk, before he could cause further pain.

</doc>
<doc id="19579284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579284" title="Sakuma Dam">
Sakuma Dam

The is a dam on the Tenryū River, located on the border of Toyone, Kitashitara District, Aichi Prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan. It is one of the tallest dams in Japan and supports a 350 MW hydroelectric power station. Nearby a frequency converter station is installed, allowing interchange of power between Japan's 50 Hz and 60 Hz AC networks.
History.
The potential of the Tenryū River valley for hydroelectric power development was realized by the Meiji government at the start of the 20th century. The Tenryū River was characterized by a high volume of flow and a fast current. Its mountainous upper reaches and tributaries were areas of steep valleys and abundant rainfall, and were sparsely populated. However, the bulk of investment in hydroelectric power generation in the region was centered on the Ōi River, and it was not until the Taishō period that development began on the Tenryū River. Private entrepreneur Fukuzawa Momosuke founded the , which later became before it was nationalized into the pre-war government monopoly in 1938. The first dam on the main stream of the Tenryu River, the Yasuoka Dam was completed in 1935. This was followed by the Iwakura Dam in 1938. The Hiraoka Dam was started in 1938, but completed until 1951 due to the start of World War II. 
After the end of World War II, the American occupation authorities ordered the dissolution of Nippon Hassoden, which was divided into regional power companies. Central Japan came under Chubu Electric Power, which inherited the various dams and projects on the Tenryū River, all of which were located in Nagano Prefecture. For develop of the hydroelectric potential of the river in Shizuoka Prefecture, the government turned to the Electric Power Development Company. The new company, in part through foreign aid loans from the United Nations, began work on a new dam in 1952, based on plans which had begun as early as 1921. The main contractor for the project was Hazama Corporation, and construction was completed in 1956. Construction was facilitated by the steep V-shaped walls of the site, and its proximity to the Iida Line train (several stations of which had to be relocated once the reservoir began to fill. Construction also involved the relocation of 240 households with 296 families. The official opening ceremonies on October 28, 1957 were attended by Emperor Hirohito and Empress Kojun and was the occasion for the issuance of a commemorative postage stamp.
Design.
Sakuma Dam is a hollow-core concrete gravity dam with several central spillways. It supplies water to both the Sakuma Hydroelectric Power Station and serves as the lower reservoir for the Shin-Toyone Hydroelectric Power Station, with a rated capacity of 350,000 kW and 1,200,000 kW respectively.
Surroundings.
The Sakuma Dam Reservoir is a popular attraction for canoeing and camping, due to its proximity to downtown Hamamatsu and ease of access. The surrounding area is part of the Tenryū-Okumikawa Quasi-National Park.
HVDC frequency converter.
The western part of Japan uses 60 Hz and the eastern part uses 50 Hz as power grid frequency. In 1965 an HVDC back-to-back station was installed about 1 kilometre southwest of the power plant (). It was rated 300 MW and with an operating voltage of ± 125 kV. The converter station is connected to the 275 kV 50 Hz grid and the 275 kV level of the 60 Hz grid. Initially the converter used mercury arc valves manufactured by ASEA. In 1993 it was converted to use light triggered thyristors, which were installed in the same valve hall that had contained the mercury arc valves.
Each inverter consists of two series-connected six pulse inverters forming a twelve pulse inverter. As in many other HVDC facilities, quadrivalves (serial connections of four valves forming a unit) are used. Each valve consists of 7 series-connected thyristors designed for a current of 2500 A and a blocking voltage of 6 kV. Each of the two inverters uses 84 thyristors. 
The station has three transformers on the 60 Hz side. One transformer is the power supply of the station, and two 275 kV/55 kV transformers feed the valves. The transformers have their low-voltage windings connected one in a delta and other in a wye. All these transformers share a common tank. On the 50 Hz side, two 275/54 kV transformers, in separate tanks, feed the valves, again with one in delta and the other in star connection of the low-voltage windings.
The DC smoothing reactor has an inductance of 0.12 H and is designed for a current of 2400 A.
On each side filters for the 5th, 7th, 11th and 13th harmonic exist, which consist of a series connection of a capacitor, an inductor and a resistor. In addition, a high pass filter is used, which consists of a capacitor switched in series with a coil to which a resistor is switched in parallel.

</doc>
<doc id="19579302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579302" title="Ken Choy">
Ken Choy

Ken Choy is an American writer of Chinese-Native Hawaiian ethnicity. He also is a performance artist and actor and owns and operates a shopping business in Southern California.
Choy received a Jerome Fellowship from the Playwright's Center in Minnesota in 1992. Upon arriving in the Twin Cities, Choy immediately involved himself in the Asian American Renaissance, an Asian American arts organization. He taught classes and hosted AARGH!!, the Asian American Cabaret with poet and performance artist David Mura.
In 1993, Choy, along with Juliana Pegues, staged a protest at the Minnesota Opera performance of Madama Butterfly. Choy and Pegues protested inside the theater during the performance and were arrested for disorderly conduct. Although Choy was dressed in women's clothing, erroneous press accounts stated that he was naked. The two were ordered to pay a $25 fine.
Choy founded and was co-chair of PAVE (Pan Asian Voices for Equality) and the Miss Saigon Protest Committee with Rita Nakashima Brock.
In 1992, Choy toured his one man show "Buzz Off Butterfly" around the country. Under the auspices of the performance group he founded, Asian Pacific American Renegades, he also directed and organized the large scale Asian American performance presentation at the Walker Art Center, "Miss Appropriated." He is discussed in Dorinne K. Kondo's "About Face," and Linda Frye Burnham's "High Performance" as well as David A Schlossman's "Actors and Activists," and Deborah Wong's "Speak it Louder."
Choy was the subject of a two-part series on KCBS-TV Los Angeles that featured his book, "Make Money Shopping," his web site, Makemoneyshopping.org, and his shopping and mystery shopping business.
Choy is the author of the novel "My Loveable Combustible Asian American Nuclear Family." and his popular video blog, "From Chaos to Love: "My Loveable Combustible Asian American Nuclear Family" journey.
He is the creator of the journalistic dialectic, "Living with Bill and Rob," an ongoing research project which explores the link between racism and mental illness and how those both are unflinchingly harnessed as a viable excuse for lack of human and community involvement and participation. Choy traversed those manifestations in a roommate situation with the titular subjects.
Choy is the producer and founder of Breaking the Bow: The Independent Asian Pacific Islander Performing Artists and Writers Festival. The 1st festival was held October 22–25, 2009. The festival was produced by Mavericks of Asian Pacific Islander Descent (MAPID). Choy founded MAPID.
Choy co-organized ID Film Fest and the Asian American Independent Features Conference with Quentin Lee and Koji Steven Sakai in October 2010 at the Japanese American National Museum, continuing with his Battle of the Pitches competition along with the API TV Pilot Shootout and a Filmmaker's Crash Course.
His screenplay "Lazy Susan" won first place in the Boulder Asian Film Festival in 2005.
Choy writes for Hyphen Magazine, Yahoo, Wide Lantern, GizmoPorn, 8Asians, and AArisings.

</doc>
<doc id="19579316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579316" title="Sweet Home High School">
Sweet Home High School

Sweet Home High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19579337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579337" title="Tominaga Dam">
Tominaga Dam

Tominaga Dam (富永ダム) is a dam in the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579348" title="Jails and prisons listed on the National Register of Historic Places">
Jails and prisons listed on the National Register of Historic Places

This is an incomplete list of Jails and prisons listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Included are:

</doc>
<doc id="19579359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579359" title="Charles Turner (engraver)">
Charles Turner (engraver)

Charles Turner (31 August 1774 Woodstock, Oxfordshire - 1 August 1857) was an English mezzotint engraver and draughtsman.
Life.
Through his mother's influence he had access to the gallery at Blenheim Palace. Turner moved to London in about 1789, was apprenticed to the engraver John Jones, enrolled in the Royal Academy Schools and worked for John Boydell, a major print publisher.
Turner was skilled in stipple and aquatint as well as mezzotint, his diverse talents producing a large range of subjects covering topography and genre. His main interest, though, was portraiture, and the greater part of the more than six hundred plates he created during his career, were portraits. His close friendship with J. M. W. Turner, led to his engraving much of the artist's work, and twenty-four of the plates for "Liber Studiorum". He engraved many of Henry Raeburn's portraits, including Sir Walter Scott. A set of his engravings, "The Rivers of England", published between 1823 and 1827, showed him as a landscape artist.
He was elected an associate of the Royal Academy in 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="19579361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579361" title="Glyncorrwg RFC">
Glyncorrwg RFC

Glyncorrwg Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in the town of Glyncorrwg in Wales, UK. The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is also a feeder club for the Ospreys. The club fields a First, Second and Youth team.

</doc>
<doc id="19579391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579391" title="Shintoyone Dam">
Shintoyone Dam

The Shintoyone Dam (新豊根ダム) is a multipurpose dam in the village of Toyone in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.
History.
The potential of the Tenryū River valley for hydroelectric power development was realized by the Meiji government at the start of the 20th century. The Tenryū River was characterized by a high volume of flow and a fast current. Its mountainous upper reaches and tributaries were areas of steep valleys and abundant rainfall, and were sparsely populated. However, the bulk of investment in hydroelectric power generation in the region was centered on the Ōi River, and it was not until the Taishō period that development began on the Tenryū River. With the completion of the Sakuma Dam, one of the one of the tallest dams in Japan, on the main stream of the Tenryū River, developers turned their eyes to the confluence of the Ōnyugawa (大入川), a major tributary of the Tenryū River, and the Ōchisegawa (大千瀬川) in Aichi Prefecture. The Ōnyugawa was also of interest in that it was prone to flooding. Preliminary design work began in 1962, with construction beginning in 1969 after some opposition from the 100 households who needed to be relocated, and over increasing controversy regarding the issues of dams on the Tenryū and Ōi rivers rapidly filling with sand and silt from the mountains upstream, with the resultant reduction of the amount of sand and silt reaching the river mouth creating problems with coastal erosion. Construction was completed by the Kumagai Gumi in August 1973.
Design.
The Shintoyone Dam is a concrete arch dam with a height of meters and a length of meters. It impounds a reservoir called with a surface area of 156.0 hectares. The catchment basin for the reservoir is square kilometers. The reservoir is connected by two tunnels to the 1,125 MW pumped-storage hydroelectric power plant constructed next to the Sakuma Dam which creates the lower reservoir of the scheme.
Surroundings.
The Shintone Dam Reservoir is a popular attraction as the surrounding area is part of the Tenryū-Okumikawa Quasi-National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19579397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579397" title="Richard Alton Graham">
Richard Alton Graham

Richard Alton Graham (November 6, 1920 – September 24, 2007) was an American equal rights leader, one of the inaugural group of five members of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). He was the founding director of the National Teachers Corps He was also one of the founders of the National Organization for Women (NOW), becoming one of its initial officers.
Early life.
Graham was born in Chicago, Illinois; but he was raised in Lima, Ohio and Milwaukee, Wisconsin. During World War II, he served in the Army Air Forces in Iran. After the war, he worked with his father developing a variable speed drive transmission for electric motors. Father and son ran a small manufacturing business in Minominnee, Minnesota, until the younger Graham embarked on a career of public service.
Educational background.
Graham was awarded a bachelor's degree in engineering from Cornell University in 1942. He earned a master's degree in education from Catholic University in 1970; and he continued his studies, earning a Ph.D. in philosophy in 1972 from what was then the "Union Graduate School", now the Union Institute and University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Public service.
In 1961, Graham became the deputy of Sargent Shriver, the first director of the Peace Corps; and then he left Washington to head the Peace Corps in Tunisia (1963–1965).
In 1965, President Lyndon Johnson named Graham as one of the first Commissioners of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. He was readily confirmed by Congress. He was a registered Republican in 1965—he later changed party affiliation—and he was named to EEOC to add political balance. Among other activities, he was prominent in promoting the EEOC guidelines, including those prohibiting discrimination on the basis of gender. He would later say he "learned on the job" to become a feminist; and soon became one of the more outspoken commissioners along with the only female member, Aileen Hernandez, a future NOW founder and president.
He was the founding vice president of the National Organization for Women when it was first organized in 1966. He was a male supporter of women's rights at a time when such public support was less common; and, according to the 2007 NOW President Kim Gandy, Graham's decision to become a leader of the organization in its infancy gave NOW a certain level of credibility.
In 1966, he was sworn in as the first director of the National Teachers Corps, with an underfunded initial budget of $7.5 million for 1,250 teachers in 125 schools. This meant that from the outset, Graham's top priority became lobbying Congress for additional appropriations to bridge the gap between the program's funding and its projected per capita costs of $8,100 per teacher. By 1968, the Teacher Corps had expanded into 200 schools; and the program had earned modest bi-partisan support.
Graham continued to head the Teacher Corps in the early years of the Nixon administration until early 1971.
In the mid-1970s, he became director of the Center for Moral Education at the Harvard Graduate School of Education. He served as President of Goddard College in Plainfield, Vermont (1975–1976); and he helped found the Goddard-Cambridge Center for Social Change.
From the mid-1980s until his death, Graham was an adviser to the Council for Research in Values and Philosophy in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="19579401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579401" title="Towy Boat Club">
Towy Boat Club

The Towy Boat Club (also known as Clwb Cychod y Tywi) is an RYA Certified sailing and watersports centre situated seven miles south of the historical market town Carmarthen, Wales, UK on the west bank of the river Towy on the way to Llansteffan.
History.
The current boathouse opened in 1988 and has since been extended with new disabled changing facilities and a classroom.
Club Facilities.
Members are able to use club owned dinghies and can store privately owned boats on site. The club also has a camping area, a kitchen with cooking facilities and heated showers available to members.
Sailing at Towy Boat Club.
There is a slipway and jetty for launching and landing a sailing and motor dinghies. Races are regularly held over the summer period along with members of the River Towy Yacht Club at Ferryside.

</doc>
<doc id="19579439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579439" title="Hiccups (TV series)">
Hiccups (TV series)

Hiccups is a Canadian television series created by "Corner Gas" star Brent Butt, who is also the writer, show runner and executive producer of the program. The series was produced by Laura Lightbown and David Storey and airs on CTV and The Comedy Network. The pilot was shot in late March 2009 with the rest of the series to begin shooting in September 2009. The show premiered on CTV on March 1, 2010; the same night as "Dan for Mayor", a series starring fellow "Corner Gas" alumnus Fred Ewanuick. "Hiccups" returned for a second season on May 30, 2011 at 8pm ET. CTV has not renewed "Hiccups" and "Dan for Mayor" for a third season.
Synopsis.
The series stars Nancy Robertson (a "Corner Gas" co-star) in the role of Millie Upton. Millie is the successful author of a series of children's books about characters called "Grumpaloos". Millie has anger management issues, which are referred to as "hiccups," giant outbursts and could be described as a giant fit of depression. These outbursts are immediate, so they are prone to happen at any time. After being told that she needs some help controlling her anger issues, Millie finds a man named Stan Dirko (Butt), whom she hires as her life coach. Stan is significantly underqualified for his profession, which Millie never notices.
Episodes.
DVD release.
Entertainment One released Season One on DVD in Region 1 on January 11, 2011.
Reception.
Rob Salem of the Toronto Star stated that, "What the network may perceive as Hiccups' greatest asset turns out to be its greatest liability. Butt's appearance onscreen – which he was, I gather, reluctantly persuaded to do by the network – is a distraction from this singular showcase for his wife's considerable comedic skills."

</doc>
<doc id="19579463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579463" title="Yahagi Dam">
Yahagi Dam

Yahagi Dam is a dam near the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579488" title="Wapstan">
Wapstan

Wapstan (misspelling of the cree word "Wapistan" meaning "Marten") is the name of the main musical project of Canadian noise musician Martin Sasseville (1980 - ...) based in Montreal, Quebec. Originally formed in Saguenay as a project to create experimental sounds influenced by the experience of coldness, Wapstan based most of his sounds as a tribute of the north. The Wapstan sound is often self-described as "hypothermic drones". Wapstan's sound was originally constructed as a vitalist ambiance opposed to the general pessimism of the noise scene. Since its moving to Montreal in 2003, Wapstan started performing live and has performed many shows in Montreal as well as New England and central Canada.
Most Wapstan releases are on its own record label Brise-Cul Records under the CD-R format. The record label is also mainly focused on releasing similar sounding artists as well as many Montreal artists such as Kvik, Grkzgl, Gmackrr, Midwifery, Les Temps Liquides, Monday Morning Erection, Dead Bush and many others.
Partial discography.
Wapstan also have done split with many underground artists such as Envenomist, Pon De Replay, Grkzgl, Kapali Carsi, Rei Rea, Robe., Seplophobia, Never Presence Forever, Crotch, Hebeeb...

</doc>
<doc id="19579500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579500" title="1982–83 Liga Artzit">
1982–83 Liga Artzit

The 1982–83 Liga Artzit season saw Beitar Tel Aviv win the title and promotion to Liga Leumit. Hakoah Ramat Gan and Maccabi Ramat Amidar were also promoted.
Maccabi Shefa-'Amr, Hapoel Acre and Hapoel Tel Hanan were all relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19579506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579506" title="Henry Parkyns Hoppner">
Henry Parkyns Hoppner

Captain Henry Parkyns Hoppner (1795, London – 22 December 1833, Lisbon) was an officer of the Royal Navy, Arctic explorer, and draughtsman/artist. His career included two ill-fated voyages culminating in the loss of in 1816 and HMS "Fury" in 1825.
Early years.
Born in London, Hoppner was the fourth child of English portraitist John Hoppner and Phoebe Wright (1761–1827), daughter of American sculptor Patience Lovell Wright. Not much is known of his younger sibling. There were three older brothers whom the father painted in the 1791 oil on canvas, "The Hoppner Children", a part of the National Gallery of Art's Widener collection:
Career.
Hoppner joined the Royal Navy in 1808, and served during the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812. His first shipboard experience was on HMS "Endymion" when she was ordered to Corruna. In 1815, he was commissioned as a junior lieutenant. The following year, he served aboard the ill-fated "Alceste" under Capt. Murray Maxwell, escorting Lord Amherst to China on a diplomatic mission to the Chinese Emperor Jiaqing. With the "Alceste" shipwrecked, Hoppner switched to the East Indiaman "Lion" in order to assist his shipwrecked comrades.
In 1818, Lieutenant Hoppner served on the "Alexander" as second in command under Lieutenant William Edward Parry during Captain John Ross' British Naval Northwest Passage Expedition of 1818, who commanded HMS "Isabella".
Hoppner participated in three additional Arctic voyages under Parry's command:
Hoppner's artistic and creative talents were useful during these voyages. His illustrations were published with the expedition narratives of John Ross and Parry. In addition, Hoppner participated for two seasons in the Royal Arctic Theatre, established by Parry to relieve boredom during the long Arctic winters. Hoppner is also credited with organizing "bals masqués", masquerade balls held each month while overwintering in the Arctic. Regarding the masquerades, Parry remarked, "It is impossible that any other idea could have proved more happy, or more exactly suited to our situation."
Later years.
Ill-health kept him from accompanying Parry in 1827 during his attempt on the North Pole. Hoppner's request to accompany Admiral Ross in 1829 was rejected.
Hoppner never married. In 22 December 1833, he died in Lisbon during a trip through southern Europe.
Honours.
Several Canadian landforms were named in his honour, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19579512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579512" title="Nathaniel Wales">
Nathaniel Wales

Nathaniel Wales was an American businessman and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Republican. In 1879 he was elected to serve in the Massachusetts Senate. In the legislature he was the Chairman of the Committee on Roads and Bridges. In 1881 he was elected to the Executive Council for the second district.
In 1862, Massachusetts Governor Andrew appointed Wales commissioner to superintend the drafting of militia for Norfolk County. Afterwards Wales was appointed by President Lincoln United States commissioner of the Board of Enrollment for the Second District of Massachusetts from 1863 to 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19579538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579538" title="1962 Aintree 200">
1962 Aintree 200

The 7th Aintree 200 was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 28 April 1962 at Aintree Circuit, England. The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was won by British driver Jim Clark in a Lotus 24. 

</doc>
<doc id="19579540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579540" title="Cäcilia Weber">
Cäcilia Weber

Cäcilia Cordula Stamm (23 October 1727 – 22 August 1793) was the mother of Constanze Weber and the mother-in-law of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
She was born in Mannheim, Germany, the daughter of Johann Otto Stamm, a government secretary and Sophia Elisabeth Wimmer. She married Franz Fridolin Weber (1733-1779) on 14 September 1756, and had four daughters: Josepha, Aloysia, Constanze, and Sophie. Constanze was the only one who did not become a professional singer, but, according to Mozart, she possessed a fine voice and musical ear. The children were born in Zell im Wiesental, but the family moved to Mannheim soon after Sophie was born.
Cäcilia first met Mozart in 1777, when he came to Mannheim in search of a job. He fell in love with her daughter Aloysia during this stay, and departed for Paris after finding no permanent position. The family later moved to Munich, where both Aloysia and Fridolin had found jobs in the opera. It was here that Mozart encountered them again (and was rejected by Aloysia), during his journey homeward to Salzburg. 
The Weber family moved to Vienna in September 1779, still following Aloysia as she pursued her career at the German Opera there. Fridolin died in the following month, and Cäcilia scrambled to keep her family afloat. Aloysia's suitor Joseph Lange agreed to help support the family with an annual stipend of 700 florins when he married Aloysia, 31 October 1779. Cäcilia also made some income by taking in boarders.
It was in this way that Mozart re-entered the Webers' lives. In 1781 he settled in Vienna, hoping to pursue his career there, and on 1 or 2 May, 1781 he became a boarder in their home (in a building called "Zum Augen Gottes", "God's Eye").
Cäcilia asked Mozart to move out when she realized that he had fallen in love with Constanze, for the sake of propriety. Wolfgang and Constanze finally married on 4 August 1782.
Mozart's relationship with his mother-in-law had a somewhat rocky start, as she did not get along well with Constanze. However, starting with birth of Constanze's first child in 1783, Mozart came to grow quite fond of Cäcilia. Constanze's sister Sophie remembered in an 1825 letter:
Well, Mozart became fonder and fonder of our dear departed mother and she of him. Indeed he often came running along in great haste to the Wieden (where she and I were lodging at the Golden Plough), carrying under his arm a little bag containing coffee and sugar, which he would hand to our good mother, saying 'Here, mother dear, now you can have a little "Jause" coffee.' She used to be delighted as a child. He did this very often.
Cäcilia died in Wieden/Vienna, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="19579548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579548" title="Crowe Horwath">
Crowe Horwath

Crowe Horwath LLP is a leading North American member of Crowe Horwath International, one of the 10 largest networks in the world. It is a one of the largest professional services firms with offices throughout the United States, including California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Tennessee and Texas. In addition to its U.S. presence, Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of the Crowe Horwath International global professional services network. Crowe's services include assurance, benefit plans, financial advisory, forensic services, performance consulting, risk consulting, tax and technology, among others. Crowe customers primarily consists of large and middle market public companies and large privately held businesses.
According to "Accounting Today", SourceMedia’s publication servicing the public accounting profession in the United States, Crowe ranked ninth in net revenue among the nation's top 100 public accounting and consulting firms in 2013. According to its company website, Crowe brands itself as "The Unique Alternative to the Big Four."
History.
Crowe was founded in 1942 in South Bend, Indiana by Fred P. Crowe Sr. and Cletus (Clete) F. Chizek. Fred previously worked in public accounting for many years and served as the St. Joseph County auditor for eight years. Clete was head of the accounting department at the University of Notre Dame and worked part-time in public accounting. According to the company website, the firm has offices coast to coast and 3,000 personnel across the U.S.
Crowe also serves clients worldwide as a leading independent member of Crowe Horwath International, a global professional services network that it joined in 1991. The name of the firm was changed from Crowe Chizek and Company LLC to Crowe Horwath LLP on September 1, 2008.
Services.
Crowe offers the following services:
Industries overview:

</doc>
<doc id="19579556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579556" title="Nataša Veljković">
Nataša Veljković

Nataša Veljković (born in Belgrade, 2.4.1968) is a Serbian pianist.
She was trained under Arbo Valdma, Paul Badura-Skoda (University of Music in Vienna, -1987), Rudolf Firkusny (Juilliard School, 1988–89) and Harry Datyner (Geneva Conservatory, 1990–92). She then settled in Vienna, where she is teaching at the University of Music since 1993.
At 17 Veljković won the XI Concours Clara Haskil, which was followed by the World Music Masters competition in Montecarlo five years later. At her return from Vevey she made her LP debut for Jugoton and up to now, 10 more CDs for PGP-RTS, Zulus Records Vienna and GRAMOLA. She has performed through Europe and Asia since, as she is member of the jury at major international piano competitions, i.e., "Concours Clara Haskil".
Nataša Veljković is mother of young violinist Milica Zulus (born in Vienna, 31.8.1999).
References.
Nataša Veljković's official website http://www.veljkovic.net/
Nataša Veljković's entry at World Concert Artist Directory http://www.concertartist.info/bios/veljkovic.html
Free downloads: Bach, Mendelssohn & Haydn http://www.veljkovic.net/html_en/cd1_cd_bach.html
Free downloads: Mozart (part 1) http://www.veljkovic.net/html/cd3_cd_mozart.html
Free downloads: Mozart (part 2) http://www.veljkovic.net/html/cd4_cd_mozart-live.html
Free downloads: Liszt http://www.veljkovic.net/html/cd2_cd_liszt.html
Interview (English & Srpski) http://www.veljkovic.net/materijal/jat-article-web.pdf
YouTube Video: Nataša Veljković accompanying her daughter Milica Zulus performing Fritz Kreisler http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wWc1J-283U
Haydn Festival at Eisenstadt

</doc>
<doc id="19579560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579560" title="Craig Padilla">
Craig Padilla

Craig Padilla is an American ambient musician and film score composer, actor, and video producer from Redding, California.
Since the mid-90's he has released more than a dozen albums with music primarily inspired by the Berlin School of electronic music and space music on the labels Space For Music, Spotted Peccary Music, Lotuspike and Groove Unlimited, and contributed to numerous compilations, including a tribute album to Michael Garrison.
He also edits and produces videos for local television commercials, infomercials, corporate events, and music videos (he recently created the new video for Bruce Turgon's and Philip Bardowell's new collaborative project PLACES OF POWER) through his production company known as Craig Padilla Creative Video and Sound Productions.
Reception.
Jim Brenholts (Allmusic) describes Padilla as "one of the premier Berlin school sequencers in the U.S.A." while Stewart Mason (also Allmusic) calls him a "Berlin-based electronic music guru" which is factually a bit misleading, as Craig Padilla lives and performs live in California.
Discography.
The discography includes only albums released on compact disc (except "strange fish 1" which is vinyl only).

</doc>
<doc id="19579570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579570" title="Gotthard Sachsenberg">
Gotthard Sachsenberg

Gotthard Sachsenberg (6 December 1891 - 23 August 1961) was a German World War I fighter ace with 31 victories who went on to command the world's first naval air wing. In later life, he founded the airline Aero Lloyd, became an anti-Nazi member of the German parliament, and also became a seminal designer of hydrofoils.
Early life and naval career.
Gotthard Sachsenberg was born on Rosslau Mountain, north of the Elbe River, in Dessau, Germany. After his initial schooling, he attended the gymnasium in Eisenach for secondary schooling preparatory to entering university. His major was economics.
He volunteered for seagoing service and became a sea cadet on the cruiser "Hertha" on 1 April 1913. In 1914, promotion to Fähnrich and transfer to the battleship Pommern followed. He received the Iron Cross First Class in August, 1915 as an officer candidate, for his excellence as an artillery spotter. On 18 September 1915, he received his leutnant's (lieutenant's) commission.
World War I.
However, he was fascinated by airplanes, and in December 1915 transferred to the air service. He was posted to Marine Feldflieger Abteilung 2 as a "Fähnrich zur See" observer.
He then served as an instructor for observers. He underwent pilot training at Johannisthal, qualifying as a pilot. Returning to MFA 2 to fly a Fokker Eindekker. 
On 1 February 1917, Sachsenberg succeeded Oberleutnant von Santen as commanding officer of Marine Field Jasta I. MFJ II was organized somewhat later, and the two were combined into a larger unit, "Marine Jagdgruppe Flanders". Leutnant de See Sachsenberg was appointed its commanding officer. His friend and rival ace Theo Osterkamp became commander of MGJ II. 
MFJ III was later raised and added to the larger unit. Still later, two more MFJs were raised and added to the parent unit, bringing its strength up to about 50 fighter planes, comparable to an army Jagdgeschwader. Stationed on North Sea coastal airfields, the MFJ units often fought against Royal Naval Air Service aircraft who were stationed in similar circumstances.
Sachsenberg opened his score as a fighter pilot, downing a Farman and a Sopwith 1 1/2 Strutter on 1 May 1917. He scored again on the 12th, claiming a Sopwith Pup into the sea, and then notching a double victory on 7 June to make him an ace. 
On 20 August, Sachsenberg was awarded the Knights Cross of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern. By the end of 1917, his victory roll stood at eight. 
He claimed his ninth victory on 17 March 1918, and continued to score steadily until 29 October 1918, when he downed his 31st confirmed. Midway through this run, Sachsenberg was awarded Prussia's and Germany's highest decoration, the Pour le Mérite, on 5 August 1918.
The MJF switched from the Albatros to Fokker D.VIIs in June 1918. They were as colorfully and distinctively marked as Manfred von Richthofen's Flying Circus, with the basic color scheme being yellow and black, as a yellow and black checkerboard had been Sachsenberg's personal motif, and it was spread to the entire unit, with minor variations marking the different pilots.
Post World War I.
Sachsenberg formed Kampfgeschwader Sachsenberg in January, 1919, consisting of 700 personnel, several of whom were fellow World War I aces. Based at Riga, Lithuania, it gave aerial support to the Freikorps, fighting Russian communist forces on the Baltic borders of Germany, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland. It was successful in establishing air superiority over its opponent, and mainly flew ground support missions on behalf of the Freikorps.
Sachsenberg received a promotion to Oberleutnant on 5 March 1920.
After the Baltic war ended, Sachsenberg initially concerned himself with helping his fellow veterans make the transition back to civil life.
He then joined with Professor Hugo Junker, whose aircraft he had used in the Baltic, to found Aero Lloyd Airlines. Another business interest of Sachsenberg's was his brother's shipyard, building river craft and small coastal ships. 
Sachsenberg became interested in politics and was elected to the German Parliament. He represented Liegnitz from July 1932 onwards, taking a pacifist stance. He wrote and published articles decrying Germany's military buildup toward war, and especially its establishment of the Luftwaffe. He predicted it would bring war home to German families and German soil. In retribution for his voiced 'defeatism', the Nazis held a secret trial in absentia, although Sachsenberg escaped the consequences of conviction because his family shipyard was producing military ships.
In the mid-1930s, Sachsenberg allied himself with hydrofoil ship pioneer Hanns von Schertel. Hydrofoil ship speeds of 30 plus knots, faster than any warships then on water, attracted attention from the German Ministry of Transportation and Finance, the German Navy, and German Air Force. Commercial exploitation of the hydrofoil was cut short by World War II. Several military hydrofoils of differing sizes, with speeds up to 60 knots, were acquired during World War II. However, they were only prototypes, and most fell prey to war damage of some sort.
The end of World War II brought the Russian occupation of Dessau, and their acquisition of the shipyard. 
Sachsenberg and Shertel set up a new hydrofoil operation named Supramar in Switzerland. In 1953, they finally saw the first commercial hydrofoil in operation between Ascora, Switzerland and Ascona, Italy. The hydrofoil concept gradually spread worldwide, but Gotthard Sachsenberg did not live to see its general use. He died in Bremen of a heart attack on 23 August 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="19579572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579572" title="Arksey railway station">
Arksey railway station

Arksey railway station, originally named Stockbridge and later Arksey and Stockbridge was a station which served the villages of Arksey and Stockbridge in the English county of South Yorkshire. It was served by trains on the main line between Doncaster and York.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway and became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Eastern Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by British Railways on 5 August 1952.
The site today.
Trains still pass at speed on the now electrified East Coast Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="19579597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579597" title="Ure Dam">
Ure Dam

Ure Dam is a dam in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579609" title="Western Air Defense Force">
Western Air Defense Force

The Western Air Defense Force (WADF) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command being stationed at Hamilton Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on July 1, 1960.
History.
WADF was an intermediate-level command and control organization of Air Defense Command. Its origins date to 1 March 1949 when Continental Air Command (ConAC) reorganized Air Defense Command when it became an operating agency. Air defense units within the Continental United States (CONUS) were given to the Eastern and Western Air Defense Liaison Groups, with Western and Eastern Air Defense Forces activated on 1 September 1949. 
The command was originally assigned the region within the Continental United States (CONUS) to the west of the 102d degree of longitude, from the Canadian border in the north to the Rio Grande border between the United States and Mexico in the south and west to the Pacific Ocean coastline. This was adjusted in 1951 with the activation of Central Air Defense Force (CADF) with the region being adjusted slightly to the west to the border of Montana and North Dakota at the Canadian Border, south along the eastern borders of Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and New Mexico to the Mexican Border. Organizations stationed east of that boundary were transferred to CADF.
The delineation was again adjusted in March 1956 to the region generally to the west of the 114th degree of longitude, roughly along the eastern borders of Idaho, Nevada and California from the Canadian border in the north to the Mexican border in the south. Organizations stationed east of that boundary were transferred to CADF, whose region was shifted westward.
Western Air Defense Force was inactivated on 1 July 1960, with its assigned units reassigned either to 25th or 28th Air Divisions, or to the new Air Defense Sectors created with the advent of the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system. 

</doc>
<doc id="19579634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579634" title="Halfway House (album)">
Halfway House (album)

Halfway House is an album by American rapper Joe Budden, released on October 28, 2008 exclusively in digital format through Amalgam Digital. "Halfway House" was released when Joe Budden's second studio album, "Padded Room", has been pushed back. Its release marked Joe Budden's first return to the "Billboard" 200 in five years, and approximately 3,000 downloads were sold in its first week of release. The album is notable for featuring the first collaboration between the four members of Slaughterhouse on the track, "Slaughterhouse."
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Halfway House" was met with generally favorable reviews from music critics. AllHipHop's Greg Watkins gave the album a seven out of ten, saying "While "Halfway House" takes a slight dip from the high standards set forth by the Mood series, it is still a respectable effort. Joe Budden proves that he is still one of the games best kept secrets regardless of a release date." Nathan S. of DJBooth.net gave the album a four out of five, saying "Joe Budden is to album delays what Snoop is to weed smoking – just about everyone does it now and again, but not like these guys. These delays seemingly stem from Budden's refusal to put out an inferior product, which is what makes him so good, but that kind of perfectionism can be paralyzing. Let's just hope the next time we hear from Budden it will be because he released "Padded Room", not ended up in one."
TC of The Smoking Section gave the album a 3.5 out of five, saying "Much to Budden's credit, "Halfway House" serves as one his more focused offerings, allowing more room for song structure opposed to the long-winded diatribes he's made his forte. Still with yet another album completed stuffed with mood music, and one named "Padded Room" looming on the horizon, the prognosis for the removal of the straitjacket that allows him to be Joe Budden while simultaneously restraining his artistic growth, is still to be determined." Punknews.org reviewer, Anchors, gave the album five stars out of five, saying "That never-quit attitude has been Budden's trademark for years, and it makes him somewhat of an anomaly in 2008. There's no niche for that kind of approach. He's too intelligent for the gangsta-rap tag and too gangsta for the backrap-rap title. He's an East Coast rapper with Tupac's West Coast introspection. He's a Jersey City rapper with Biggie's Brooklyn storytelling."

</doc>
<doc id="19579645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579645" title="Barksdale Theatre">
Barksdale Theatre

Barksdale Theatre in Richmond, Virginia, United States is Central Virginia’s first nonprofit professional performing arts organization, founded in 1953 at the historic Hanover Tavern by Tom Carlin, Stewart Falconer, David 'Pete' Kilgore, Priscilla Kilgore, Muriel McAuley and Pat Sharp. Today, Barksdale presents season at two home locations: Barksdale Theatre at Hanover Tavern and Barksdale Theatre at The Shops at Willow Lawn.
Barksdale is recognized as Central Virginia's leading professional theatre. It is currently run under the leadership of Artistic Director Bruce Miller and Managing Director Phil Whiteway.
Barksdale Theatre merged with Theatre IV in 2012 to become Virginia Repertory Theatre.
History.
On August 1, 1953, six actors, two children, a dog and two pigs moved into a historic ruin called Hanover Tavern. The transplanted New Yorkers founded Central Virginia’s first professional theatre, and named the company in memory of a deceased college friend, Barbara Barksdale. When they learned that their new neighbors looked forward to eating on evenings out, they combined favorite recipes and created the nation’s first dinner theater. They lived upstairs, performed downstairs, and served hearty meals in the historic rooms that fell in between.
During the first six years, four of the original founders moved on, leaving Pete Kilgore, Muriel McAuley and newcomer (and newly-wed) Nancy Kilgore firmly in charge. In the seasons that followed, Pete, Muriel and Nancy produced Greater Richmond’s first professional productions of plays by Tennessee Williams, Arthur Miller, Eugene O’Neill, George Bernard Shaw, Noël Coward, Thornton Wilder, William Inge and Edward Albee.
They also became dynamic civic leaders. In defiance of Jim Crow laws., Barksdale was Virginia’s first performing arts organization to open its doors to integrated audiences. Barksdale launched Greater Richmond’s first “studio season,” converting an old country store into an experimental theatre. Barksdale conducted Virginia’s first professional theatre classes for children. In 1973, Barksdale produced Virginia’s first professional play based on African American experience, Lorraine Hansberry’s To Be Young, Gifted and Black.
In support of their theatrical mission, Pete, Muriel and Nancy continued the endless task of restoring the Tavern. In 1990, the Tavern was sold to the Hanover Tavern Foundation. In 1993, Pete, Muriel and Nancy retired after 40 years of exemplary service. John Glenn was named Artistic Director. In 1996, to accommodate a full restoration of its beloved home, Barksdale left the Tavern for new facilities at Willow Lawn. In 1997, John Glenn left to pursue other opportunities, and Randy Strawderman was hired to replace him.
In 2001, leadership was transferred to Bruce Miller and Phil Whiteway, Artistic Director and Managing Director, respectively. Under their leadership, the company’s reputation for artistic excellence has continued to grow. Subscriptions have increased by 700%, and after a ten-year separation, Barksdale returned theatrical programming to Hanover Tavern in January 2006, initiating a four-play Country Playhouse Season designed to complement its five-play Signature Season at Willow Lawn.
Bruce and Phil, Barksdale's current leaders, have also held the positions of Founding Artistic Director and Founding Managing Director at Theatre IV since 1975. Since the leadership of Barksdale was transferred to them in 2001, Barksdale Theatre and Theatre IV have shared common staff. Each summer since 2008, Barksdale has presented its summer musical at the historic Empire Theatre, home to Theatre IV. The Empire has provided a larger venue for some of Barksdale's grander spectacles.
In 2012, Barksdale Theatre and Theatre IV merged to become Virginia Repertory Theatre.
Mission.
Barksdale's executive summary of its mission statement is as follows:
"Barksdale Theatre in Central Virginia presents national caliber pro­ductions of the great dramas, comedies and musicals-past, pres­ent and future-with a special emphasis on establishing and main­taining close community connections."
Past Productions.
Over the past six years, Barksdale's Signature Season has included the following:
2010-2011 Signature Season
"Shipwrecked!", by Donald Margulies (September 17 - October 24, 2010)
"White Christmas", music and lyrics by Irving Berlin, book by David Ives and Paul Blake (November 19 - January 9, 2011) - presented at the Empire Theatre
"Legacy of Light", by Karen Zacarias (February 4 - March 13, 2011)
"Circle Mirror Transformation", by Annie Baker (April 15 - May 22, 2011)
"Dirty Rotten Scoundrels", music & lyrics by David Yazbek, book by Jeffrey Lane (June 17 - August 7, 2011) - presented at the Empire Theatre
2009-2010 Signature Season
"Boleros for the Disenchanted", by Jose Rivera (September 18 – October 25, 2009)
"The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee", by Rachel Sheinkin and William Finn (November 20 – January 17, 2010)
"The Grapes of Wrath", by Frank Galati (February 12 – March 21, 2010)
"Is He Dead?", by Mark Twain (April 16 – May 23, 2010)
"The Sound of Music", music by Richard Rodgers, lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II and a book by Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse (June 4 – July 4, 2010) - presented at the Empire Theatre
2008-2009 Signature Season
"The Clean House", by Sarah Ruhl (September 26 – November 2, 2008)
"The Wonderful Life", by Steve Murray, conceived by Mark Setlock (November 28 – January 11, 2009)
"Children of a Lesser God", by Mark Medoff (February 6 – March 22, 2009)
"Well", by Lisa Kron (April 17 – May 24, 2009)
"Thoroughly Modern Millie", book by Richard Henry Morris, music by Jeanine Tesori, new lyrics by Dick Scanlan (June 19 – August 2, 2009) - presented at the Empire Theatre
2007-2008 Signature Season
"The Member of the Wedding", by Carson McCullers (September 21 – October 28, 2007)
"Moonlight and Magnolias", by Ron Hutchinson (November 23 – January 20, 2008)
"Doubt", by John Patrick Shanley (February 15 – March 16, 2008)
"The Little Dog Laughed", by Douglas Carter Beane (April 11 – May 18, 2008)
"Guys and Dolls", by Frank Loesser (June 13 – August 17, 2008) - presented at the Empire Theatre
2006-2007 Signature Season
"The Constant Wife", by Somerset Maugham (September 22 – October 29, 2006)
"Mame", book by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee, music and lyrics by Jerry Herman (November 17 – January 28, 2007)
"Brooklyn Boy", by Donald Margulies (February 16 – March 25, 2007)
"Intimate Apparel", by Lynn Nottage (April 13 – May 20, 2007)
"Into the Woods", book by James Lapine, music and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim (June 15 – August 12, 2007)
2005-2006 Signature Season
"The Drawer Boy", by Michael Healey (September 23 – November 6, 2005)
"Scapino!", adapted by Frank Dunlop and Jim Dale (November 25 - January 22, 2006)
"The Lark", by Jean Anouilh, adapted by Lillian Hellman (February 10 – April 2, 2006)
"The Syringa Tree", by Pamela Gein (April 21 – Mary 21, 2006)
"The Full Monty", book by Terrance McNally, music and lyrics by David Yazbek (June 9 – August 13, 2006)
Since the Hanover Tavern re-opened in 2006, Barksdale has also offered a series of shows presented at the Hanover Tavern, in addition to its Signature Season. These seasons include:
2011 Hanover Season 
"A Thousand Clowns" by Herb Gardner 
"Boeing, Boing", by Marc Camoletti, translated by Beverley Cross 
"Becky's New Car", by Steven Dietz
"Blue Ridge Mountain Christmas", (world premiere) by Bruce Craig Miller, musical arrangements by H. Drew Perkins
2010 Hanover Season
"First Baptist of Ivy Gap" by Ron Osborne 
"Butterflies are Free", by Leonard Gershe 
"On Golden Pond", by Ernest Thompson 
"Smoke on the Mountain Homecoming", by Connie Ray, conceived by Alan Bailey, musical arrangements by Mike Craver 
"Nunsense", book, music and lyrics Dan Goggin
2009 Hanover Season 
"Mona’s Arrangements" (world premiere), book by Bo Wilson, music by Steve Liebman, lyrics by Steve Liebman and Bo Wilson (February 27 – April 19, 2009)
"I Ought To Be In Pictures", by Neil Simon (May 15 – June 28, 2009)
"Fully Committed", by Becky Mode (July 24 – August 30, 2009)
"Souvenir", by Stephen Temperley (September 25 – November 1, 2009)
"Bus Stop", by William Inge (November 27 – January 10, 2010)
2008 Hanover Season
"Greater Tuna", by Jaston Williams, Joe Sears, and Ed Howard (March 28 – June 15, 2008)
"Shirley Valentine", by Willy Russell (July 11 – August 24, 2008)
"Driving Miss Daisy", by Alfred Uhry (September 19 – October 26, 2008)
"Sanders Family Christmas", book by Connie Ray, conceived by Alan Bailey, musical Arrangements by John Foley and Gary Fagin (November 21 – March 1, 2009)
2007 Hanover Season
"Smoke on the Mountain", by Connie Ray (February 23 – April 25, 2007)
"The Odd Couple", by Neil Simon (June 29 – August 12, 2007)
"Deathtrap", by Ira Levin (September 14 – October 21, 2007)
"Swingtime Canteen", by Linda Thorsen Bond, William Repicci and Charles Busch (November 16 – January 6, 2008)
2006 Hanover Season
"Barefoot in the Park", by Neil Simon (January 27 - March 12, 2006)
"No Sex Please, We're British", by Anthony Marriott and Alistair Foot (April 28 - June 18, 2006)
"The Mousetrap", by Agatha Christie (September 8 - October 29, 2006)
"Over the River and Through the Woods", by Joe DiPietro (November 16, 2006 - January 7, 2007)
Upcoming Season.
2011-2012 Signature Season
Presented at Willow Lawn and the Empire Theatre
"Lend Me a Tenor", by Ken Ludwig (September 9 - October 16, 2011)
"My Fair Lady", music by Frederick Loewe, lyrics & book by Alan Jay Lerner (November 25, 2011 - January 8, 2012) - presented at the historic Empire Theatre in celebration of its 100th Anniversary
"God of Carnage", by Yasmina Reza, translated by Christopher Hampton (February 3 - March 11, 2012)
"Scorched Earth", by David Robbins, WORLD PREMIERE (April 13 - May 20, 2012)
"Spring Awakening", book & lyrics by Steven Sater, music by Duncan Sheik (June 15 - July 22, 2012) - presented at the Empire Theatre
2011-2012 Hanover Tavern Season
"Becky's New Car", by Steven Dietz (September 23 - November 6, 2011)
"Blue Ridge Mountain Christmas", by Bruce Craig Miller, musical arrangements by H. Drew Perkins, WORLD PREMIERE (November 25, 2011 - January 8, 2012)
"Always...Patsy Cline", written and originally directed by Ted Swindley, based on a true story (January 20 - March 25, 2012)
"Relatively Speaking", by Alan Ayckbourn (July 13 - August 12, 2012)

</doc>
<doc id="19579648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579648" title="Itoshiro Dam">
Itoshiro Dam

The Itoshiro Dam is a dam in the city of Ono in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. It was completed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19579672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579672" title="Central Air Defense Force">
Central Air Defense Force

The Central Air Defense Force (CADF) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command being stationed at Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base, Missouri. It was inactivated on July 1, 1960.
History.
CADF was an intermediate-level command and control organization of Air Defense Command. Its origins date to 1 March 1949 when Continental Air Command (ConAC) reorganized Air Defense Command when it became an operating agency. Air defense units within the Continental United States (CONUS) were given to the Eastern and Western Air Defense Liaison Groups, with Western and Eastern Air Defense Forces activated on 1 September 1949. 
Central Air Defense Force (CADF) was activated as a third subordinate region under the re-established Air Defense Command in February 1951 to better organize ADC units in the Central and Southeast United States, its initial region being defined in the west as the area east of the 102nd degree of longitude, from the Canadian border in the north to the Rio Grande border between the United States and Mexico in the south. The eastern boundary of the CADF was the area west of the 90th degree of longitude from the Michigan shoreline of Lake Superior south to the point of the Missouri, Kentucky and Tennessee state boundaries, and eastward to the Atlantic Ocean coastline along the Tennessee–Kentucky and Virginia–North Carolina border, with all areas south and west of those boundaries.
The delineation was again adjusted in March 1956 to the region generally to the east of the 114th degree of longitude, roughly along the eastern borders of Idaho, Nevada and California from the Canadian border in the north to the Mexican border in the south. The southeast region east of the Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexico was reassigned to EADF.
Central Air Defense Force was inactivated on 1 July 1960, with its assigned units reassigned either to 29th, 30th or 33rd Air Divisions, or to the new Air Defense Sectors created with the advent of the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system.

</doc>
<doc id="19579676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579676" title="Noah (American painter)">
Noah (American painter)

Noah Elias is an American artist, known simply as Noah, working within the fine art market and custom art scene. He is best known for painting the Suki art car in "2 Fast 2 Furious", but is also a widely collected painter of Disney Fine Art.
Biography.
Noah was born March 28, 1971 in Orange County, California, and found he had a gift early on: 
I started my company when I was still in high school. I was doing lettering, signs and promotional banners for businesses and restaurants... My business card was even in the high school yearbook.
Noah soon took his art to the streets, painting portraits of celebrities on canvas for huge crowds outside neighborhood coffee shops. His portraits soon attracted collectors like Nicole Kidman, Tom Cruise, Val Kilmer, Craig T. Nelson and The Black Crowes. This celebrity exposure made Noah an overnight star within the art community. Soon after, corporate clients like Lexus Motor Cars, Levi's Jeans and Toyota, were asking Noah to enhance their corporate collections and ad campaigns.
Noah had long since realized that "canvas was the ticket... It allowed to spend a much time on a piece and generate income." Before long, though, Noah began painting on different surfaces: "I have come up with different avenues in my work, and I meet a lot of markets that way."
And in 2004 he garnered international fame for his paint job, or "rolling canvas," on the Suki car in Universal Pictures' hit movie, "2 Fast 2 Furious". He has since won "Best Paint" at S.E.M.A. (Specialty Equipment Marketing Association) 4 years in a row for the "rolling canvases" he created on behalf of Alpine Electronics. Noah is also known for the body art he has applied for many ad campaigns; most recently he did body art on the recording artist Pink, decorating her body with tattoos for a music video.
Noah now devotes a substantial amount of his time towards creating Disney Fine Art, a mixture of his unique style and those beloved Disney characters. He feels very "blessed with the unique opportunity to create art that helps carry on the legacy and heritage of Walt Disney's dream."
Style.
Each canvas begins with a rough sketch. Once a subject and composition are chosen, Noah uses models and also his own photographs as references. Once he has sketched his composition onto canvas (or any of the many different types of surfaces he paints on), Noah proceeds to carefully airbrush the composition and over paints with many different effects from his vast arsenal of painting techniques.
I like to mix photorealism with drips and rags. It contradicts itself but it works at the very end – the organic and natural contrasts beautifully with the structure of the airbrush and photorealism. It’s a nice marriage of techniques that gives the work more depth. The effect is almost Trompe-l'œil; especially with the water drops on the flowers.
Quotes.
Disney was and is still a blessing. They allowed me to do my own style of art with their characters. It's a blast. I enjoy continuing the magic of Walt's dream and being part of something so special. It really brings me back to being a kid. Great memories.
An important way to stretch myself is to make each painting different than the last and to not fall into a comfort zone. A lot of artists paint one subject, one medium and one style. I like so many different materials and looks that I like to change it up. Also, I believe it allows me the chance to reach different industries and types of collectors.
My relationship with Christ is hands-down the most important thing in my life and the reason for being...My inspiration comes through daily experiences and my pursuit of Christ's character. There are days that are extremely challenging with certain projects or paintings, but it's on these days that I get to learn more about myself and what God wants to accomplish through me.

</doc>
<doc id="19579679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579679" title="Kuzuryu Dam">
Kuzuryu Dam

The is a dam in the city of Ōno in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan. The dam supports a 220 MW hydroelectric power station.

</doc>
<doc id="19579735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579735" title="Eastern Air Defense Force">
Eastern Air Defense Force

The Eastern Air Defense Force (EADF) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Air Defense Command being stationed at Stewart Air Force Base, New York. It was inactivated on July 1, 1960.
History.
EADF was an intermediate-level command and control organization of Air Defense Command. Its origins date to 1 March 1949 when Continental Air Command (ConAC) reorganized Air Defense Command when it became an operating agency. Air defense units within the Continental United States (CONUS) were given to the Eastern and Western Air Defense Liaison Groups, with Western and Eastern Air Defense Forces activated on 1 September 1949. 
The command was originally assigned the region within the Continental United States (CONUS) to the east of the 102d degree of longitude, along the Canadian border to the most easternmost point of Maine; the southern boundary being the 102d degree of longitude along the Rio Grande boundary with Mexico, east to the southernmost point of Texas and along the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean coastlines. 
This was adjusted in 1951 with the activation of Central Air Defense Force (CADF) with the region being adjusted to the area east of the 90th degree of longitude south to the point of the Missouri, Kentucky and Tennessee state boundaries, and eastward to the Atlantic Ocean coastline along the Tennessee/Kentucky and Virginia/North Carolina border, with all areas north and east of those boundaries. Organizations stationed west and south of that delineation were transferred to CADF.
The delineation was again adjusted in March 1956 to the region generally to the east of the 90th degree of longitude south to the point of the Missouri, Kentucky and Tennessee state boundaries, then south along the Mississippi river to the Gulf of Mexico in the south. CADF organizations in the southeast were reassigned to the EADF. 
Eastern Air Defense Force was inactivated on 1 July 1960, with its assigned units reassigned either to 26th, 30th or 32d Air Divisions, or to the new Air Defense Sectors created with the advent of the Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) system.

</doc>
<doc id="19579754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579754" title="Ajose Olusegun">
Ajose Olusegun

Ajose Olusegun is a Nigerian-born British professional boxer. He won a gold medal at the 1999 All-Africa Games in the light welterweight category. He competed for Nigeria at the 2000 Sydney Olympics Games reaching the 2nd round.
Boxing career.
Early professional career.
Ajose began his career as a professional in May 2001 at the Royal Gardens Hotel in Kensington, London. The former amateur won when the fight was stopped in the first round against Tony Montana. After compiling a ledger of 6-0 he won his first career title, the lightly regarded WBF Inter-continental title against Walthamstow's Martin Holgate. He followed that win by collecting the Nigerian light welterweight title and the African Boxing Union title at the same weight. In September 2004 having compiled a record of 13-0 he met possibly his toughest test when he scored a 4th round win over the talented Bradley Pryce in the Newport Centre in Newport.
Commonwealth Champion.
Olusegun scored one other significant victory, a 6th round knockout of Namibia's Ali Nuumbembe in June 2006 before getting the chance a year later to fight for the vacant Commonwealth light welterweight title against Stoke's Gary Reid. Olusegun had been due to fight for the crown 18 months before when then opponent Colin Lynes pulled out with just 10 days to go. Discussing the fight beforehand Olusegun said "“I have great respect for Gary Reid as he is the only British based fighter who is willing to get into the ring with me"". Bemoaning the fact that he found it tough to find opponents he added "“I am desperate to fight the best but the best don’t want to fight me. I am a lonely shark in the light welterweight ocean."" Olusegun ended up winning a unanimous points decision over 12 rounds.
The first defence of his title was made in February 2008 when Ajose beat Nigel Wright in Peterlee, Durham again over 12 rounds. Following the defence Olusegun won three non-title fights with the intention of staying busy whilst calling out the likes of former WBC champion Junior Witter. In February 2009 he made the second defence of his title, beating former English champion Scott Haywood at the Barnsley Metrodome.
British champion.
On 13 June 2009 Olusegun challenged former opponent Nigel Wright for the vacant British light welterweight title, a contest that was only able to take place following the granted of British citizenship to Olusegun on the grounds of residency. Also on the line was the Commonwealth title that the two boxers had previously fought for in February 2008. Olusegun again won the contest with a unanimous points decision to become a two-belt champion. Rather than defending the British belt however Olusegun gave it up choosing to take the opportunity to fight in a World title eliminator instead against undefeated Romanian boxer Ionut Dan in a bout which was scheduled take place on 9 October 2009. The bout against Dan however never materialized and in the intervening period the title was won by Lenny Daws. Olusegun, now the WBC's number 2 ranked boxer next fought on the undercard of David Haye's heavyweight title defence against John Ruiz at the MEN Arena in Manchester. The fight was to be a further defence of the Commonwealth title which he still held and pitched him against Colin Lynes, a man he had been scheduled to fight once before. The defence on 3 April 2010 saw him retain the belt for the fourth time against Lynes who was also a former British champion and who had also held the European belt. On 12 February 2011 Olusegun competed in a non-title six round fight beating Polish journeyman Arek Malek with a World title eliminator still not having come to fruition.
WBC World title eliminator.
Olusegun finally became the mandatory challenger for the WBC light welterweight title on 30 September 2011 with a win over Frenchman Ali Chebah in California. The fight, which went the 12 round distance, saw Olusegun put his opponent down twice in the 3rd round to line up a potential fight against current champion Erik Morales for the full title.
Interim WBC Light Welterweight title.
After winning the WBC World title eliminator and a one year layoff. Olusegun was set to fight hard hitting Argentinian Lucas Matthysse on 8 September 2012. The first few rounds were good exchanges for the two brawlers. However on the tenth round the hard punches from the Argentinian proved to much for the unbeaten Nigerian and therefore the referee stopped the fight via 10th Round TKO.

</doc>
<doc id="19579772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579772" title="Collin Leijenaar">
Collin Leijenaar

Collin Leijenaar is the drummer for progressive rock/metal bands Affector & Dilemma and the live drummer for Neal Morse.
Current projects/bands.
Affector.
Affector is a progressive rock/metal band founded by German guitar player Daniel Fries and Collin Leijenaar. They are signed with Inside Out Music / Century Media and their debut album Harmagedon has been released on May 21 in Europe and on May 22 in the rest of the world.
<br>
Line-up: 
<br>
Guest musicians on keys: 
<br>
Also featured on the album is Polish Sinfonietta Consonus Orchestra.
Here’s what some artists say about Harmagedon:
“Affector's Harmagedon is a solid blast of PROG metal complete with burning solos, odd time signatures, orchestral highlights, and Rock riffs that will tear your head off! Excited that I could be a part of this album!“ - JORDAN RUDESS
"If you are a fan of Dream Theater and progressive hard rock, this is an essential addition to your collection...you will love it!" - MIKE PORTNOY
“I think Affector is amazing! Great playing, composition and production...and you can't beat the lyrics! Congratulations to Daniel and the gang. Excellent work!” - NEAL MORSE
More info about the band at:
www.affector.net<br>
www.facebook.com/affectormusic<br>
www.twitter.com/affectormusic<br>
www.youtube.com/affectormusic<br>
http://www.insideoutmusic.com/artist.aspx?IdArtist=557
Dilemma.
Dilemma is a progressive rock band from The Netherlands. Their debut CD Imbroccata was released through SI Music/Roadrunner. After the departure of drummer Frank Van Essen, who went to play with Iona (band), Collin Leijenaar was asked to play drums. After a hiatus of almost 10 years, Dilemma is back in the studio writing and recording their new album. <br>
http://www.ammelid.com
Neal Morse.
Between 2005 and 2012 Collin worked as drummer, band leader and tour manager in the live band of progressive rock artist Neal Morse (USA), known from his bands Spock's Beard and Transatlantic. In the Neal Morse band, Collin ‘subs’ for Mike Portnoy (Dream Theater) who plays on the studio albums. <br>
From the Question Mark tour a live-2CD: ‘Neal Morse - ? Live’ was released worldwide through Radiant Records, Metal Blade and Inside Out Records. A limited edition live DVD: Neal Morse – ‘Question Mark and Beyond’ was released early 2007. In May 2007 they did a European tour to support Neal’s album Sola Scriptura. On guitar they had the amazing Paul Bielatowicz from the Carl Palmer band. From this tour a 2-DVD set Sola Scriptura & Beyond has been released on June 24, 2008 through Radiant Records, Sony Music, Metal Blade en Inside Out Records. Neal Morse’s CD, Lifeline, is released on October 20, 2008. Collin Leijenaar is featured on this CD together with musicians like Paul Bielatowicz, Paul Gilbert, Mike Portnoy, Randy George and others. From that tour (also in 2008) a triple live CD has been released titled "So Many Roads". After Neal's "Testimony 2" album they did a big European tour.<br>
More info about Neal Morse: www.nealmorse.com
Rhythm Of the Soul.
With his percussion group Rhythm Of The Soul, Collin played on a big festival at the Gelredome stadium in Arnhem, The Netherlands before an audience of over 35.000 people. This was broadcast live on national television, with a few re-runs. This percussion group released a single (Tribal Worship), which is available worldwide through online music stores like iTunes, Rhapsody, and Napster.
Past projects/bands.
Kaja.
With the popgroup Kaja, formed around the vocal duo KArlijn Surminski and JAnine Schell. Kaja was signed with Sony Music, and had two singles that was noted in the Top 100 in The Netherlands. Collin played for three years with the band. They did a lot of gigs on festivals in The Netherlands, and did a lot of radio and TV shows and performances.
The B-Band.
The B-Band was a rock band formed by a group of music students. This was the first band experience of Leijenaar, and with this group he released 5 CD's and toured throughout Europe. They have played many times in Poland, the Czech Republic and Germany.
Other.
DrumSchool & PopSchool.
In 1999 Leijenaar started his drum school: Novae Drum School Ede. Quite a few of his students are now in prize winning bands, or have studied at music conservatories. In January 2006 this grew into Novae Pop School Ede, a music school, mainly focused at pop music in all its forms and styles. After starting with only 35 students, the school grew within a few years to a school with around 400 students and 17 teachers.
www.popschoolede.nl
Producer.
In 2007/2008 Collin was the producer for Green November's debut album "Broken Strings and Poetry". With his progressive rock roots Collin was possibly the best to produce this nu prog album. The album had great reviews in the leading music magazines in Holland "(Backline Popmagazine, Fret Popmagazine, Music Maker, IO Pages, ...)"
Green November homepage.

</doc>
<doc id="19579782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579782" title="General Catalogue of Stellar Radial Velocities">
General Catalogue of Stellar Radial Velocities

The General Catalogue of Stellar Radial Velocities is a star catalogue which lists radial velocities for 15,107 stars. It was compiled by Ralph Elmer Wilson and published by the Carnegie Institution of Washington in 1953. Many of the velocity measurements were made at Mount Wilson Observatory.

</doc>
<doc id="19579795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579795" title="Sasogawa Dam">
Sasogawa Dam

The Sasogawa is a dam in the city of Ono in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579827" title="Blue Mood">
Blue Mood

Blue Mood (full title: "Blue Mood: The Songs of T-Bone Walker") is a tribute album to T-Bone Walker by Duke Robillard.

</doc>
<doc id="19579828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579828" title="1948 World Figure Skating Championships">
1948 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1948 competitions for men, ladies and pairs took place February 11 to 15, 1948 in Davos, Switzerland. 
These were the second World Figure Skating Championships after World War II. Skaters from Germany and Japan were still not allowed to compete.
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19579837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579837" title="Asuwagawa Dam">
Asuwagawa Dam

The is a dam near the city of Fukui in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579844" title="Jim Stanek">
Jim Stanek

James "Jim" Stanek (born August 5, 1971) is an American musical theatre/film/television actor.
Early life.
Stanek was born in Havre de Grace, Maryland and raised in Cranberry Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Pittsburgh. He attended the Seneca Valley School District where he performed in such musicals as "Grease" and "Little Shop of Horrors", among others. In Stanek's senior year of high school he auditioned for, and was accepted, into the Mini Stars musical theatre program at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera. 
Personal life.
Stanek and his wife, Beth, currently reside in Manhattan, where they raise their three sons.
Discography.
The Lestat original Broadway cast recording was recorded by Mercury Records on May 22, 2006 at Sony Studios in New York City. Planned release was July 11, 2006 but has been postponed indefinitely. In August 2006 after numerous rumors of an August release date, Elton John's website released this statement:
"We have received many messages asking when the Lestat cast album will be released. According to Elton's management, there are no plans to release the album at present."
The cast album has still yet to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="19579863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579863" title="Futatsuya-Tōshukō Dam">
Futatsuya-Tōshukō Dam

The Futatsuya-Toshuko Dam is a dam in Fukui Prefecture of Japan, completed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19579891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579891" title="Kumokawa Dam">
Kumokawa Dam

The Kumokawa Dam () is a dam near the city of Fukui in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="19579898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579898" title="Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975">
Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975

The Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (Public Law 93-638) authorized the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare, and some other government agencies to enter into contracts with, and make grants directly to, federally recognized Indian tribes. The tribes would have authority for how they administered the funds, which gave them greater control over their welfare. The ISDEAA is codified at Title 25, United States Code, beginning at section 450.
Signed into law on January 4, 1975, the ISDEAA made self-determination the focus of government action. The Act reversed a 30-year effort by the federal government under its preceding termination policy to sever treaty relationships with and obligations to Indian tribes. The Act was the result of 15 years of change, influenced by American Indian activism, the Civil Rights Movement, and community development based on grassroots political participation.
Brief history.
The Indian Reorganization Act (IRA) of 1934 was an early step in the renewal of tribal self-governance, in the forms of creation of constitutions and employment of counsel. The IRA was somewhat limited, as all tribal actions were subject to review by the Secretary of the Interior (via the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA). 
In the 1950s some members of Congress passed legislation to renew the effort to have Native Americans assimilate, and to terminate the special relationship between the federal government and tribal nations. The government sought to terminate the legal standing of numerous tribes, judging their members ready to be independent US citizens. More than 100 tribes and communities were terminated. "For more on Termination, please see Indian termination policy."
The failure of termination policies became obvious with assessment by the late 1960s. Native Americans and the federal government began to work for a return to greater Indian rights represented by the earlier IRA. The passage of the Indian Civil Rights Act of 1968 (ICRA) was influential. ICRA guaranteed the application of much of the Bill of Rights in Indian Country, a guarantee which Native Americans on reservations had not enjoyed. 
The rise of activist groups in the 1960s, such as the American Indian Movement (AIM), and high-profile demonstrations such as the occupation of Alcatraz, helped bring the issue of Native American rights to greater prominence in public policy. President Richard Nixon's "Message from the President of the United States Transmitting Recommendations for Indian Policy" (8 July 1970) recommended self-determination for Indian tribes as a goal of the federal government. His message said that termination was an incorrect policy. Nixon called for broad-sweeping self-determination legislation. This goal was met in the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act or PL 93-638.
Implementation.
Implementation of PL 93-638 created a process known as self-determination contracting, under which "the employees and administrative control of an otherwise federal program are transferred to the tribal government via a "638 contract"." Under these contracts, tribes agree to set up a particular program (in areas such as resource management, law enforcement, education, childcare, and environmental protection) while meeting federal requirements and guidelines in order to receive funding and support. The duties entailed in contracts between the federal government and the tribes were handed to implementing agencies, one of which was the Bureau of Indian Affairs, BIA. 
The BIA at first resisted this change. The process was strictly for approval of funds for tribal use. Continued efforts by tribal leaders to obtain the grant money and pressure from Congressional representatives helped bring about a new way of doing business. The influence of the BIA over tribal affairs slowly lessened. In addition, the United States Supreme Court in "Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma v. Leavitt" found that the Federal government was liable for payments under a 638 contract.
Shortcomings.
Although the 638 contracts provide necessary funding and assistance programs to many tribes, important limitations existed in PL 93-638. For example, tribes did not have the ability to reallocate government funds across different 638-contracted programs to meet shifting needs in their communities. As well, according to section 106c of the law "all contracts between the appropriate Secretary and Indian tribes shall be limited to a term of one (1) to three (3) years." The 1975 law also allowed either Secretary to annul a 638 contract or reassume control of a program "if he or she finds that the tribal contractor's performance involves the violations of rights...gross negligence or mismanagement in the handling of contract funds." 
Amendments.
Amendments have been made by legislators to the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act in hopes of making essential changes to the law. 

</doc>
<doc id="19579915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579915" title="Warren Ault">
Warren Ault

Warren Ortman Ault (January 8, 1887 – May 14, 1989) was an American historian, who taught at Boston University from 1913 to 1957.
Life.
Ault was born in Lenexa, Kansas and graduated from Baker University in 1907, before studying at Jesus College, Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar. He then obtained a doctorate from Yale University in 1919, having served as a second lieutenant in the artillery in the First World War. He taught history at Boston University from 1913 to 1957, becoming William Edwards Huntington professor. He became an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in 1971. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19579923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579923" title="Joseph Vuillemin">
Joseph Vuillemin

General Joseph Vuillemin (born in Bordeaux 14 March 1883 – died in Lyon 23 July 1963) was a French military aviator who took part in both world wars. 
First World War.
In June 1915, he was promoted to captain and became a squadron commander in February 1918. During the war, he scored seven confirmed kills, thus earning the designation of French fighter ace of the First World War.
Inter-war years.
After the war, he was given command of the ‘11e régiment d’aviation de bombardement en pays rhénan’ (11th Bomber Wing of the Rhine), and then put in charge of air operations in Algeria in 1925. He became a colonel in 1928 and assumed command of air operations in Morocco in 1932.
In February 1933, he was promoted to brigadier general (equivalent of air commodore in the RAF). Between November 1933 and January 1934, he led the so-called ‘La Croisière noire aérienne’ – an ambitious training and trailblazing mission from France via Morocco and the Sahara to French West Africa and French Equatorial Africa using French Potez 25 biplanes.
Between 1935 and 1936, he commanded the ‘1er corps aérien’ (1st Air Corps) and, in July 1937, became a member of the ‘Conseil supérieur de l’air’ (Supreme Air Council) before being promoted to ‘général de division aérienne’ (equivalent of air vice-marshal in the RAF) in October of the same year.
At the same time as his appointment to Chief of Staff of the French air force on 18 February 1938, General Vuillemin became ‘vice-président du Conseil supérieur de l’air’ (Vice Chairman of the Supreme Air Council) and Inspector General of Home Air Defence. He was further promoted to the rank of ‘general d’armée aérienne’ (equivalent of air chief marshal in the RAF).
Second World War.
At the outbreak of the Second World War, he became Chief of the Air Staff, a post he would hold until the Armistice with France (Second Compiègne) in June 1940. During the Battle of France, General Vuillemin repeatedly called for more British squadrons to come to the aid of French forces which were under severe attack from the German Luftwaffe. Commenting to General Edward Spears on 30 May 1940, the British Air Attaché in Paris, Air Commodore Douglas Colyer, criticised certain senior French officers saying that, while they had been very brave pilots in the last war, they were not sufficiently educated to command important formations now. In Colyer's view, included among these was General Vuillemin.
On 12 June 1940, at a meeting of the Anglo French Supreme War Council at Briare, it was reported that a bombing raid by the RAF against Italy the previous day had been thwarted by General Vuillemin, who had ordered lorries to be driven onto the airfield as the bombers were preparing for take-off. He feared that such raids would provoke Italian reprisals, the consequences of which would be disastrous, as the French Air Force was not present in the south. Vuillemin requested that no raids be launched against targets in northern Italy unless these were carried out in response to attacks by the Italians. General Spears, who was present at the conference in his capacity of Winston Churchill's personal representative to the French Prime Minister, wondered why 'if he had bombers to bomb back in retaliation, why not use them now?' 
On 24 June 1940, Vuillemin was named Inspector General of the Air Force and given responsibility for the co-ordination of air defence operations. 
In November 1940, at his own request, he was removed from the active list of serving air force officers.
He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963, and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux.
Decorations.
French decorations.
Légion d'honneur
Significant foreign decorations.
'"The above is largely a translation of the article in the French Wikipedia :fr:Joseph Vuillemin

</doc>
<doc id="19579924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579924" title="History of the Pike Place Market">
History of the Pike Place Market

The Pike Place Market in Seattle, Washington was founded in 1907, and has a long and storied history. It is the longest continually run farmer's market in the United States.:
Before the Market.
Before the creation of the Pike Place Market in 1907, local Seattle area farmers sold their goods to the public in a three-square block area area called The Lots, located at Sixth Avenue and King Street. Most produce sold at The Lots would then be brought to commercial wholesale houses on Western Avenue, which became known as Produce Row. Most farmers, due to the amount of time required to work their farms, were forced to sell their produce on consignment through the wholesalers on Western Avenue. The farmers typically received a percentage of the final sale price for their goods. They would sell to the middleman on commission, as most farmers would often have no time to sell direct to the public, and their earnings would be on marked up prices and expected sales. In some cases, the farmers made a profit, but just as often found themselves breaking even, or getting no money at all due to the business practices of the wholesalers. During the existence of the wholesale houses, which far predated the Market, there were regular rumors as well as instances of corruption in denying payment to farmers.
Consumers were also unhappy with the system. Manipulated prices often forced them to pay unexpectedly high prices for staple foods. For example, in 1906 and 1907, the price of food skyrocketed mysteriously. Onion prices climbed from 10 cents a pound in 1906 to a dollar a pound in 1907 (from US$0.10 to $1.00). By comparison, a pair of shoes cost $2.00 at the time.
Founding.
As consumers and farmers grew increasingly vocal in their unhappiness over the situation, Thomas P. Revelle, a Seattle city councilman, lawyer, and newspaper editor, took advantage of an 1896 Seattle city ordinance that allowed the city to designate tracts of land as public markets. The area of Western Avenue above the Elliott Bay tideflats and the area of the commission food houses had just been turned into a wooden planked road, called Pike Place, off of Pike Street and First Avenue. Through a city council ordinance vote, he had Pike Place designated temporarily as the city's first public market on August 5, 1907.
On Saturday, August 17, 1907 City Council President Charles Hiram Burnett Jr., filling in for the elected Mayor as Acting Mayor of Seattle, declared the day Public Market Day and cut the ribbon. In the week leading up to the opening of the Pike Place Market, various rumors and stories of further corruption were reported by the "Seattle Times". Roughly ten farmers pulled up their wagons on a boardwalk adjacent to the Leland Hotel. The "Times" alleged several reasons for the low turnout of farmers: Western Avenue wholesale commission men who had gone to the nearby valleys and farms to buy all the produce out ahead of time to ruin the event; threats of violence by commission men against farmers; and farmers' fear of possible boycotts and lack of business with the commission men if the Market idea did not succeed in the long term.
As the ribbon was cut to open the Market, fifty customers, the ten farmers with produce wagons, a policeman, and various city officials were present. Once the opening ceremony completed, the fifty customers were reported to have pushed past and over the policeman, and began to buy out the first wagon of vegetables before the farmer could even pull the wagon to the curb. One porter, who worked for the Western Avenue wholesalers, apparently grew angry at the direct competition by the farmers, and climbed into one of the produce wagons. He began to freely give away the farmer's goods, before the angry spectators pulled him down. Other farmers complained of their goods being smashed in the street by young men and boys, who were accused of trying to start a riot. In "Soul of the City", one farmer was quoted speaking to a reporter describing that first day:
"The next time I come to this place, I'm going to get police protection or put my wagon on stilts. I got rid of everything, all right, but I didn't really sell a turnip. You see, those society women stormed my wagon, crawled over the wheels and crowded me off to respectable distance, say . When I got back the wagon was swept as clean as a good housewife's parlor, and there in a bushel basket was a quart of silver."
Hundreds of more customers soon arrived, and before noon that day, all the farmers' produce had sold out.
The Goodwin expansion years.
In 1907 Frank Goodwin owned Goodwin Real Estate Company in Seattle, together with his brothers Frank and John. Headquarterd in the city's Alaska Building, they owned the Leland Hotel on Pike Street and the undeveloped tracts of land that surrounded Pike Place along the Western Avenue bluff. On the opening day of the Market, Goodwin observed the early morning chaos of farmers dealing with large crowds. Sensing that their land was about to appreciate in value, they began to heavily advertise adjoining plots for sale. Goodwin immediately began to sketch plans for enclosures to house farmers along the company property he owned on Pike Place, and began to develop business plans to lease stalls in those enclosure them to farmers. Funded by Goodwin Real Estate, work began immediately on what is today the Main Arcade of the Pike Place Market, northwest of and adjoining the Leland Hotel.
The first building at the Market, the Main Arcade, opened November 30, 1907. At its opening, a forty-piece band performed for a large cheering crowd. During the early years of the Pike Place Market, Seattle city ordinances limited its hours of operation to only 5 am to 12 noon, Monday through Saturday, and placed initial supervision of the facility with the city Department of Streets and Sewers. Local police gave out vendor stalls to farmers on a first come, first served basis. In 1910, two farmers' associations organized themselves: the Washington Farmers Association represented Japanese farmers; other farmers organized as the White Home Growers Association. By 1911, demand for the Market had grown so much that the number of available stalls had doubled, and extended north from Pike Street to Stewart Street, doubling in size since the opening of the Main Arcade. The west side of the stall lines were soon covered in an overhead canopy and roofing, becoming known as the "dry row". The daily rent for any stall in 1911 was $0.20 a day.
Also in 1911, the City of Seattle created the first full-time jobs to support Market farmers and customers. The Market Inspector, his assistant, and a janitor were the first ever employees of the Pike Place Market. The Inspector, which was renamed Market Master shortly afterward, assigned stalls to farmers and collected their daily fees. The first Market Master, John Winship, initiated a lottery scheme to replace the previous first-come system. To buy a lottery ticket for a stall, farmers had to pay the next day's fee ahead of time. The Pike Place Market had many Japanese farmers, and Winship at first had them choose from a roll of tickets that made it more likely they would receive vendor stalls furthest from the heaviest customer foot traffic. Once the Japanese and other farmers complained about the practice, he quickly stopped it to ensure a fair lottery. In 1912, the Corner Market building was completed, across the street from the Bartell Building, which would later become the Economy Market.
The Market Master and his assistant were also responsible to ensure that farmers used no questionable practices on their customers. Some farmers had weighed down bags of produce for the scales with rocks and gravel, had tried to sneak unripe or spoiled fruit into purchases and, according to one customer, a butcher let his hands "lovingly linger" whenever he weighed meat on his scales. Vendors caught cheating customers would be denied stall rentals for a period of time.
The Public Market & Department Store Company was founded in 1911 by the Goodwins to manage their Pike Place Market properties. They began to design a series of expansions to the Market properties they owned, including the North Arcade, which they planned to build down the bluff along Pike Place. They planned to have all their building expansions set at all times a minimum of ten feet from the sidewalk, to allow extra space for vendors. At the time Frank Goodwin's designs, plans, and intended visual appearance of the Market were considered idiosyncratic.
At the same time as the Goodwins were planning to dramatically expand the Market, the farmers began increasingly to complain about it. They wanted the per-day stall rental fee cut from $0.20 to $0.10, which they were granted. They complained about having to haul produce up the bluff from Western Avenue, and unsuccessfully demanded a mechanical conveyor. Complaints about overcrowding were constant. The farmers also wanted a wooden planked floor set up directly below the Main Arcade for storage. Quickly having grown unhappy with a lack of progress on the part of the city, the farmers used Washington State's then new ballot initiative system to obtain a $150,000 municipal bond issue for their desired improvements.
Seattle Mayor George Cotterill, an engineer, was not in favor of some of the farmer's plans and the idea of such a large municipal bond. Cotterill appointed a committee to study the various requests and complaints of the farmers, and the committee came to the conclusion that the planned floor expansion and conveyor system the farmers wanted would be unsanitary, difficult to maintain, and far more expensive than they had projected. In response, Cotterill drafted an alternate ballot initiative, for a $25,000 municipal bond. Cotterill's initiative would result in Pike Place becoming a paved road rather than the wood road it currently was, would expand the sidewalks along the arcades by , and would improve all the Market roadsides for wagon stalls and tables, placing them all under roofing. On March 13, 1913, Seattle voters rejected the farmer initiative, and passed the mayor's initiative. The first major expansion work on the Market began immediately.
In 1914, spurred by the public initiative of the preceding year, the Goodwins implemented the expansion plans they had been preparing for the Market properties they owned. The Main Arcade was expanded downward, along Pike Place's sheer bluff to Western Avenue below, creating five additional lower floors in a massive, "labyrinthine" structure. By the time the expansions were completed, Pike Place Market extended to the west, past the edge of the bluff. New space was created for several restaurants, bakeries, a creamery, butchers, additional stalls and rows in the lower sections for farmers to sell their goods, grain markets, public toilets, two floors dedicated to storage of meats and produce, 100 retail stores, a theater, and a printing plant. The entire expansion was done modestly, aside from its scale. The basic design elements were steel and wood beams, simple railings of rounded metal, basic wooden banisters, and simple wood and tile floors. Frank Goodwin had wanted always to emphasize the Market's products, rather than its design. There was, at the time. little ornamentation, except for ornate columns at the Pike and Pike Place entrance, and occasional carved reliefs of seafood or produce on the various columns throughout the Market. Goodwin even went so far as to exclude a ceremonial cornerstone from the Market design.
The last of the core buildings of the Market for the coming decades was obtained in 1916 by the Goodwins, when they purchased a long-term lease on the Bartell Building at the corner of 1st Avenue and Pike Street. Renamed to the Economy Market, it became an expansion to the Main Arcade, directly to its southeast. Frank Goodwin redesigned the internal layout of the Bartell Building to include space for an additional 65 vendor stalls, numerous spaces for retail stores, and a full ballroom. Unlike the original designs of the Main Arcade, Frank allowed for more artistic designs to be used on the Economy Market, with frescoes, electric signs, and even more designs used on the columns in the new expansion.
In 1917, with America taking part in World War I, more and more women began to work the various stalls and shops in the Market as their husbands went to war. By the time the war was underway, the Western Avenue commission houses that had led to the creation of the Pike Place Market were in decline, being unable to compete directly with the farmers. The net effect was a near complete stop by the time of World War I of the food price profiteering that had been rampant previously. Washington State government took an interest later in insuring that such things would be prevented during the war for the benefit of its citizens. The Fisheries Commission turned over to the Seattle city government dead hatchery salmon that were killed for eggs and sperm to combat rising fish prices. The city created the municipal-owned City Fish Market at Pike Place Market, cutting the cost of salmon by a third. The city-owned fish vendor business would only last until the end of World War I, when it was stopped. In 1918, wanting to spend more time on his other business ventures, Frank sold his stake in the Pike Place Market to his brother Arthur, who took control of most of the business.
On February 6, 1919, nearly all of Seattle's labor unions took part in a work stoppage. News of this began to spread days earlier in the local newspapers, leading to a panicked run on the goods at the Market. The labor strike affected the delivery of goods to the Market, and lasted five days, during which the Market was nearly deserted. It would become the longest period of inactivity in the history of the Pike Place Market.
Throughout the early 1920s, business continued to boom at the Pike Place Market. The north side of the Corner Market became the Sanitary Market, housing delicatessens, butchers, restaurants, and bakeries. Three Girls Bakery opened, which would draw large crowds to watch their new automated doughnut machines. The so-called "mosquito fleet", the precursor to the modern Washington State Ferry system, would bring shoppers from various islands in Puget Sound to shop, and Market vendors began to bring goods to the docks for the island residents to buy direct when they saw the ships approach. The ships would only arrive mid-morning, so islanders had no ability to get the best produce at the opening of the Market. Seeing an opportunity, the Hotel Dix, which was located at the time just north of the Market, would offer special overnight rates to island residents that allowed them to stay on the mainland with an early morning wake-up call to compete with local residents for the best goods. To compete for all of these customers, Market vendors began to arrange their goods in elaborate patterns. The Liberty Theater, on First Avenue, hired attendants to watch customer's Market purchases who paid the price of a nickel matinee while they shopped more. The area became a social scene, where young Seattle locals went to see and be seen. Children from an orphanage in Des Moines, Washington performed street concerts on Saturdays.
In September 1920, the Seattle City Council quietly passed an ordinance that farmer's stalls at the Market could no longer be placed in the street, in response to complaints from some local businesses about traffic flow. A public outcry immediately followed from the farmers, merchants, and various citizen's groups. Visiting celebrities even played a role in the public debate, such as a member of New York City's Tiffany family shopping at the Market, gaining the farmers favorable press coverage. In the midst of the turmoil, the Westlake Market Company pushed itself into the situation, proposing that they would build a two-floor underground market at a building they owned on Fifth Avenue, four blocks from the existing Pike Place Market. The Goodwins, in response, proposed another counter-plan to leverage insurance bonds to finance another further expansion of the Market. As the city government began to quickly lean towards the Westlake proposal, the farmers began to formally organize together for the first time to protect their interests. The deciding Seattle City Council vote in April 1921 was in favor of retaining the existing Market location, and the Goodwins immediately began work on their next expansions.
World War II era.
At the time of the bombing of Pearl Harbor December 7, 1941, many of the farmers selling in Pike Place Market were Japanese-Americans. The late Seattle historian Walt Crowley estimated that they might have been as many as four-fifths of the farmers selling produce from stalls. President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 February 19, 1942, which eventually forced all Americans of Japanese ancestry in an "exclusion zone" that included the entirety of the West Coast states and southern Arizona into internment camps. On March 11, Executive Order 9095 created the Office of the Alien Property Custodian and gave it discretionary, plenary authority over all alien property interests. Many assets were frozen, creating immediate financial difficulty for the affected aliens, preventing most from moving out of the exclusion zones. Many Japanese Americans were effectively dispossessed.
Plans to destroy the Market.
In 1963, a proposal was floated to demolish Pike Place Market and replace it with "Pike Plaza", which would include a hotel, an apartment building, four office buildings, a hockey arena, and a parking garage. This was supported by the mayor, many on the city council, and a number of market property owners. However, there was significant community opposition, including help from Betty Bowen, Victor Steinbrueck, and others from the board of Friends of the Market, and an initiative was passed on November 2, 1971 that created a historic preservation zone and returned the Market to public hands. The Pike Place Market Preservation and Development Authority (PDA) was created by the city to run the Market. Over the course of the 1970s, all the Market's historic buildings were restored and renovated using the original plans and blueprints and appropriate materials.
Battle for ownership of the Market.
In the 1980s, federal welfare reform squeezed the social services based in the Market. As a result, a nonprofit group, the Pike Place Market Foundation, was established by the PDA to raise funds and administer the Market's free clinic, senior center, low-income housing, and childcare center. Also in the 1980s the wooden floors on the top arcade were replaced with tiles (so as to prevent water damage to merchandise on the lower floors) that were laid by the PDA after staging a hugely successful capital campaign - people could pay $35 to have their name(s) inscribed on a tile. Between 1985 and 1987, more than 45,000 tiles were installed and nearly 1.6 million dollars was raised.
The 1983 Hildt Amendment or Hildt Agreement (named after Seattle City Council member Michael Hildt) struck a balance between farmers and craftspeople in the daystalls. The agreement set rules that would last for ten years from August 1, 1983, and that would be successively renewable for further terms of five years. The precise formula it laid out stood for over 15 years, and it set the precedent for today's allocation of daystalls, in that it gave craftspeople priority in the North Arcade and farmers priority elsewhere.
Victor Steinbrueck Park.
Victor Steinbrueck Park directly north of the market was originally Market Park. From about 1909 the site held an armory, which was damaged by fire in 1962. The land was taken over by the city in 1968, and the remnant of the armory was razed. In 1970 the land passed to park usage. The resulting Market Park was majorly redesigned in 1982. After Steinbrueck's 1985 death, it was renamed after the architect who was instrumental in the market's preservation.
Modern day.
In 1998, the PDA decided to end the Hildt Agreement. While their proposed new rule to allocate daystalls was generally seen as more favorable to farmers, there were both farmers and craftspeople who objected, especially because the PDA's timing gave them little chance to study the changes. At their last meeting before the August 1 deadline, the PDA voted 8-4, to notify the City of its intent not to renew the Agreement. The City Council did not accept the proposed substitute. The Council and PDA extended the Hildt agreement 9 months and the council agreed to an extensive public review process in which the Market Constituency played a major role.
The public meetings did not result in a clear consensus, but did provide enough input for city councilmember Nick Licata to draft a revised version of the Hildt Agreement. Adopted in February 1999, it became known as the Licata-Hildt Agreement. The bad blood generated by the conflict spurred an audit of PDA practices by the City Auditor; the audit was critical of the PDA for occasionally violating the "spirit" of its Charter, but exonerated it of any wrongdoing.
Centennial.
Pike Place Market celebrated its 100 year anniversary on August 17, 2007. A wide variety of activities and events took place, and a concert was held in Victor Steinbrueck Park in the evening, consisting entirely of songs related one or another way to Seattle. The "house band" for the concert called itself The Iconics, and consisted of Dave Dederer and Andrew McKeag (guitarists of the Presidents of the United States of America or PUSA); Mike Musberger (drummer of The Posies and The Fastbacks); Jeff Fielder (bassist for singer/songwriter Sera Cahoone); and Ty Bailie (keyboard player of Department of Energy). Other performers included Chris Ballew (also of PUSA), Sean Nelson of Harvey Danger, Choklate, Paul Jensen of the Dudley Manlove Quartet, Rachel Flotard of Visqueen, Shawn Smith of Brad, Stone Gossard and Mike McCready of Pearl Jam, John Roderick of the Long Winters, Evan Foster of the Boss Martians, Artis the Spoonman, Ernestine Anderson, and the Total Experience Gospel Choir.

</doc>
<doc id="19579931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579931" title="Managawa Dam">
Managawa Dam

The Managawa Dam is a dam near the city of Fukui in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579950" title="Masutani Dam">
Masutani Dam

The Masutani Dam is a dam in Minamiechizen in the Fukui Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579961" title="Picross 3D">
Picross 3D

Picross 3D, known in Japan as , is a puzzle video game developed by Nintendo and HAL Laboratory for the Nintendo DS. It was first revealed at Nintendo's conference on October 2, 2008. It was released in Japan on March 12, 2009, in Europe on March 5, 2010 and in North America on May 3, 2010. It uses similar nonogram mechanics to "Picross DS", but it puts it in 3D. Outside of Japan, the game is part of Nintendo's Touch! Generations brand.
Gameplay.
While Picross presents a rectangular grid of squares, which must be filled in to create a picture, "Picross 3D" uses a rectangular prism made of a number of smaller cubes, and must be chipped away in order to construct an image in three dimensions. Each row or column has at most one number corresponding to it, and many do not have any numbers at all; the number indicates how many cubes the row/column should contain when the picture is complete. If a number has a circle around it, it means that, while that number of cubes is the total amount in the row/column, they will be split up into two groups (for example, a 4 with a circle around it will be in two groups of either 1 and 3 or 2 and 2). If a number has a square around it, the cubes will be split up into three or more groups. If there are no numbers on a row or column, there are no rules concerning how many cubes belong there.
A paintbrush may be used to mark cubes that definitely will remain in the image (which also prevents them from being broken accidentally), or a hammer to chip away at the unnecessary cubes. If an attempt is made to break a cube that is part of the image, the game will count this as a strike. If the player receives five strikes, the player is out and will have to start the puzzle over again. Players will also need to complete the stage within a certain amount of time. Early on, the game will show players "technique" tutorials to help them refine their puzzle-solving skills.
Once a 3D image is completed, the player will be rewarded with a short animation regarding the image, and it will be placed into a themed collection, encouraging players to complete each collection. During standard puzzles, up to three stars are awarded based on the player's performance (completing the puzzle within a certain time limit and with no strikes earns maximum stars) which unlock additional bonus puzzles in each level. In between certain levels are "One Chance Challenges", where players make just ONE mistake and they're out, "Time Challenges", which require players to quickly chip away cubes to extend their time limit, and "Construction Challenges" in which multiple puzzles are completed to form one giant image. Bonus animations can also be unlocked under certain conditions, such as completing each difficulty setting.
Outside of the main mode, players can also download additional puzzles via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, as well as create their own puzzles, which can be shared with friends or entered into themed challenges.
Sales.
The game was the third best-selling game during the week of its release in Japan at 38,000 copies. It sold an additional 29,000 copies and 16,000 copies its second and third weeks respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19579970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579970" title="Lulu's Islands">
Lulu's Islands

"Lulu's Islands (, originally Lulu la Peste") is an animated series for children that premiered on 5 October 2009, on the TFOU block of France's TF1 network. It is produced by Interactive Project 4 You (IP4U) of Valenciennes and Patoon-Animation of Paris. The show uses cutout animation for its style, and is targeted to young viewers.
Synopsis.
Animals of various species live happily on an untouched archipelago called the Wonderlees. One day, everything changes when a kitten named Lulu meets the first human ever to land on their shores: Peppy (or Pépin), a young shipwreck survivor turned castaway.
Production.
"Lulu's Islands" began development at Paris' HLC Productions in 2005 under the title "Lulu la Peste", at a cost of €137,000. By 2008, the budget had grown to €2,931,000.
Production of the new series involves at least three crew members of another TF1 animated series, "The Bellflower Bunnies": Eric Berthier, the director of "Bellflower"'s 2nd and 3rd seasons; screenwriter Valérie Baranski; and producer Patricia Robert, who in March 2008 set up Patoon-Animation exclusively for the new show. Pierre Gillet, from the Belgian music and post-production outlet Dame Blanche, will serve as composer.
Merchandise.
There will also be tie-in books based on the series, although further details have not been announced since early 2008.
Episodes.
"Lulu's Islands" consists of a planned 52 episodes, in addition to a four-minute pilot that was shown as an official selection at the Annecy International Animation Festival in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19579971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579971" title="Dranoff International Two Piano Competition winners">
Dranoff International Two Piano Competition winners

The following is a list the Dranoff International Two Piano Competition Winners. The competition was founded in 1987 by the Dranoff International Two Piano Foundation.
2013
1st Prize Winners - Duo Yamamoto
2nd Prize Winners - Duo Yoo & Kim
3rd Prize Winners - Duo imPuls
2008
1st Prize Winners - Silivanova-Puryzhinskiy
2nd Prize Winners - Susan & Sarah Wang
3rd Prize Winners - Piano Duo Humburger
2005 
1st Prize Winner - Seo & Kato
2nd Prize Winner - Piano Duo Varshavsky and Shapira
3rd Prize Winner - De Stefano Piano Duo
2003
1st Prize Winner - Tengstrandt and Sun Piano Duo
2nd Prize Winner - Duo Chipak & Kushnir
3rd Prize Winner - Duo Antithesis
2001
1st Prize Winner - Duo D’Accord
2nd Prize Winner - Makarova-Koltakov Duo
3rd Prize Winner - Mogilevsky-Smolina Piano Duo
1999
1st Prize Winners - Trivella Duo
2nd Prize Winners - Duo Koltyar-Shifrin
3rd Prize Winners - Horus Duo
1997
1st Prize Winners - Duo Turgeon
Edward Turgeon and Anne Louise-Turgeon
2nd Prize Winners - Genova & Dimitrov
Genova & Dimitrov Piano Duo
Genova & Dimitrov Piano Duo
3rd Prize Winners - Alexeytchuck and Kot
1995
1st Prize Winners - Marton and Batzner
2nd Prize Winners - Piano Duo Van Veen
3rd Prize Winners - Duo Zacharov
1993
1st Prize Winners - Elkina Piano Duo
2nd Prize Winners - Ishikawa and Kratzert 
3rd Prize Winners - Bergman Duo
1991
1st Prize Winners - Maxim and Irina Jeleznova
2nd Prize Winners - Lewis and Perry Duo
3rd Prize Winners - Lisita and Kuznetsoff
1989 
1st Prize Winners - Goldina and Lumbrozo 
2nd Prize Winners - Klavier Duo Stentzl
3rd Prize Winners - Anne Marie and Monique Mot
1987
1st Prize Winners - Morel-Nemish
2nd Prize Winners - Hecht-Shapiro
3rd Prize Winners - Goldina and Lumbrozo

</doc>
<doc id="19579975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579975" title="Washi Dam">
Washi Dam

The Washi Dam is a dam in the city of Ōno in Fukui Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19579978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579978" title="Ozyora">
Ozyora

Ozyora or Ozera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19579980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579980" title="Elon R. Brown">
Elon R. Brown

Elon Rouse Brown (October 7, 1857, Orleans, Jefferson County, New York – September 24, 1922, Fox Island, Cape Vincent, Jefferson County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate from 1915 to 1918.
Life.
He was the son of Elon Galusha Brown and Lucretia (Rouse) Brown. He graduated from Brown University in 1876. He was admitted to the bar in 1880, and practiced in Watertown, New York. On November 25, 1882, he married Ettella B. Greene, and they had three children. 
He was a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1894. He was a member of the New York State Senate (35th D.) from 1898 to 1904, sitting in the 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th, 125th, 126th and 127th New York State Legislatures.
He was again a member of the State Senate from 1913 to 1918, sitting in the 136th, 137th, 138th, 139th, 140th and 141st New York State Legislatures; and was Minority Leader from 1913 to 1914, and President pro tempore from 1915 to 1918.
He was a delegate to the 1900, 1904 and 1916 Republican National Conventions.
His wife was a member of the New York State Commission for the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in 1915; and acted as one of the official hostesses at the New York Pavilion during the exposition.

</doc>
<doc id="19579983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19579983" title="Chris Hopewell">
Chris Hopewell

Chris Hopewell is an English music video director. He has directed videos for Radiohead ("There There"), Franz Ferdinand, The Killers, Scissor Sisters, Louis XIV, The Knife, and several other bands. 
His most recent work is directing the video for The Offspring's "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" (from the album "Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace"). He is currently working as co-director with Crispin Mills on the film "A Fantastic Fear of Everything" starring Simon Pegg.

</doc>
<doc id="19580017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580017" title="Yanbara Dam">
Yanbara Dam

, in the Fukui prefecture of Japan, is the dam which is constructed to "Nine Headed-Dragon River water system" of the "Nine-head Dragon River". With a gravity type arch dam design tall, it is the dam for generation of electricity, forming the lower reservoir of the pumping-up hydraulic power plant, Nagano power plant, of the same company. It generates the electric power of the maximum of 220,000 kilowatts.
History.
In 1957, as for development of electric power resources the hydroelectric power plant construction plan in Nine Head Dragon, Kawakami style sections was announced. At this point in time as for construction of the Yanbara dam of course, power generation with pumped-up water itself was not included in plan. In order to add power generation with pumped-up water in plan, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (Ministry of Trade and Industry and the present economic industrial ministry were recommended. So it was, the dam was planned this time as a lower reservoir of power generation with pumped-up water.

</doc>
<doc id="19580029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580029" title="Soestduinen railway station">
Soestduinen railway station

Soestduinen was a railway station in the village of Soestduinen, near Amersfoort, the Netherlands.
History.
The station is on the Centraalspoorweg, the station was also sometimes called "Soesterberg". The station opened on 20 August 1863. The station closed on 24 May 1998. This was due to not enough usage of the station. The station remained as it was when it closed, but in 2008 the platforms were finally removed and the station building was put up for sale. 
The station was served by the Utrecht - Amersfoort - Zwolle stoptrain.

</doc>
<doc id="19580031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580031" title="Carl Emil Krarup">
Carl Emil Krarup

Carl Emil Krarup (12 October 1872 – 29/30 December 1909) was a Danish telegraph engineer who is chiefly known for the invention of a kind of loaded cable, eponymously called Krarup cable, which made improvements in the transmission of telephone signals, especially on submarine cables.
Career.
Krarup was originally a civil engineer. He was in charge of public works in Copenhagen until 1898 when he joined the Danish Telegraph Administration. In 1901 he conducted research at the University of Würzburg in Germany on loaded lines. Returning to Denmark he continued the theoretical work at the University of Copenhagen and published a paper in 1902.
Krarup cable.
Krarup cable is a method of loading lines to reduce their distortion. All methods of loading add series inductance to the cable to try to meet the Heaviside condition for no signal distortion. Krarup cable consists of iron wires wound tightly around the copper conducting cores and it is the iron that is the source of the additional inductance. However, it still does not have sufficient inductance to fully meet the Heaviside condition. Its construction also makes it expensive compared to the previously existing method of adding discrete loading coils at intervals along the cable. Against this, Krarup cable is lighter and easier to lay. The weight of early submarine cables using loading coils could cause excessive stress in the cable if not handled carefully. Additionally, Krarup cable has none of the problems of sealing the joins against seawater which was a major problem with loading coils before modern polymers began to be used.
For these reasons, Krarup cable was popular on shorter distances, where the distortion was not so high that loading coils had to be used, until the advent of permalloy cable superseded it. The first cable to be laid with Krarup cable, indeed the first cable to be laid with any kind of continuous loading, was between Helsingør (Denmark) and Helsingborg (Sweden) in 1902. This cable was engineered by Krarup himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19580049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580049" title="List of Rosaceae genera">
List of Rosaceae genera

There are approximatively 100-160 genera and 3,500- 4,000 species in the family Rosaceae. It also includes subgenera and synonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="19580097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580097" title="Ivana Švarc-Grenda">
Ivana Švarc-Grenda

Ivana Švarc-Grenda (born in Zagreb, 1970) is a Croatian pianist. 
Švarc-Grenda was trained at the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore, the Academy of the Arts in Berlin and Salzburg's Mozarteum, settling in Germany. 
In the 90s she centered on Frédéric Chopin's music; she won prizes at the Chopin competitions in Baltimore and New York, and took part at the XIII Chopin Competition in Warszaw, where she reached the 2nd round. She has performed internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="19580121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580121" title="Last Night Remixed">
Last Night Remixed

Last Night Remixed is a remix album by American electronica musician Moby, released following his 2008 album "Last Night". Moby said of the album:

</doc>
<doc id="19580134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580134" title="1983–84 Liga Artzit">
1983–84 Liga Artzit

The 1983–84 Liga Artzit season saw Hapoel Haifa win the title and promotion to Liga Leumit. Hapoel Kfar Saba and Hapoel Petah Tikva were also promoted.
Hapoel Beit She'an, Hapoel Nazareth Illit and Hapoel Beit Shemesh were all relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19580141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580141" title="Wyoming County Courthouse and Jail">
Wyoming County Courthouse and Jail

The Wyoming County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse and jail located in Pineville, Wyoming County, West Virginia. It consists of the unusually large neoclassical courthouse, with a massive pediment, and an adjoining stone jail. The courthouse was designed by West Virginia state architect A. F. Wysong and built in 1916 of locally quarried stone. The jail was built of similar materials in 1930 with Work Projects Administration labor. A statue of preacher W.H.H. Cook, an early settler of the area and influential citizen, stands in front of the courthouse.
The Wyoming County Courthouse was placed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19580157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580157" title="Samra">
Samra

Samra, classically called the Samarabriëans (; ), is the surname of a clan gotra of Jats found in Punjab, India and Punjab, Pakistan. At one time they were settled in the Upper Indus region.

</doc>
<doc id="19580170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580170" title="UNK NBA">
UNK NBA

The Brand.
UNK NBA is an NBA-inspired fashion label, which was started in 1996 by David " UNK "Huie with help from Troy Douglas. When the company started out, they were exclusively a hat label that catered to Celebrities in both upscale and Urban looks.
History.
In 1999, Allan Houston of the New York Knicks bought into the company. Derrick Alston, also a famous basketball player, later became the third partner of UNK NBA.
The Unk brand was a trend setter for all Knicks fans during they famous playoff runs in 1999 and 2000. Unk was mentioned many times and seen often in the NY papers. Most famous moments were Latrell Sprewell getting of bus in Famous Teamwork makes the Dreamwork shirt. Allan Houston doing his many interviews during the finals in his UNK attire and when the Daily News had Allan Houston on the back page with the clear UNK brand across his Forehead on his hat. The " Protect Homecourt by Any Means Necessary " shirt was also an UNK original.
In 2002, UNK NBA teamed up with ICER Brands LLC in order to create LGH III. LGH III now carries the UNK license. LGH III stand for Leonard George Huie III ; David Huie Named the company in memory of his Brother that was killed when he was 12.
In 2002/2003 UNK made great use of their NBA Denim license and created a phenomenon with The All NBA Jean that had every NBA team embroidered on it fashionably. These Jeans sold for $125.00 a pair. The UNK Brand did approximately $25 million this year alone at retail due to their Denim success.
In 2004, UNK NBA expanded their license to include loungewear.
In 2010, UNK celebrates it 14 Year anniversary. A staple in the NBA arenas and Still the trend for the street when it comes to NBA apparel.
UNK NBA currently creates NBA fashion inspired pieces, which are sold at sports stores, Basketball Arenas, and through a number of e-commerce sites. The company which began with only hats has since expanded and now includes men’s: jeans, headwear, t-shirts, athletic wear, big & tall, children’s, and outerwear.
UNK NBA's co owner Allan Houston is Now the assistant General Manager of The New York Knicks.
In 2013 The UNK NBA brand launched its Ladies line and will be available in Forever 21 among other great retailers.
The UNK brand is Celebrating 17 years in business and Stronger than ever... This brand is a true success story from the basement of one young man to doing over 100 million dollars at retail over the years...

</doc>
<doc id="19580206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580206" title="Catalog of Stellar Identifications">
Catalog of Stellar Identifications

The Catalog of Stellar Identifications (CSI) is a star catalog which was constructed to facilitate cross-referencing between different star catalogs. It contains designations and basic data for, as of 1983, approximately 440,000 stars, and was created by merging the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory Star Catalog, the Henry Draper Catalogue, the AGK2/3, the Cape Photographic Catalogue, the Cape Zone Catalogue, the Yale Zone Catalogue, the Cape Catalogue of Faint Stars, and the Boss General Catalogue. It contains stellar coordinates, magnitudes, spectral types, proper motions, and cross-references to designations in the previously mentioned catalogs. It also gives cross-references to many other catalogues, such as the Index Catalogue of Visual Double Stars, which have been linked to the CSI. The CSI eventually became part of the SIMBAD stellar database.

</doc>
<doc id="19580287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580287" title="Melville Rogers">
Melville Rogers

Melville F. Rogers (b. January 5, 1899 in Ottawa, Ontario; d. September 26, 1973 in Ottawa, Ontario) was a Canadian figure skater and figure skating judge. He competed in the disciplines of single skating, pair skating, ice dancing, and fours.
Skating career.
National level.
As a single skater, he won the Canadian Figure Skating Championships in 1923 and from 1925 to 1928. 
As a pair skater, he won the silver medal at the 1922 Canadian Championships and the bronze medal at the 1923 Canadian Championships with partner Cecil Smith. During those years, he represented the Toronto Skate Club in competition. He won the 1925 Canadian Championships, the silver medal at the 1928 Championships, and the bronze medal at the 1929 Championships with Gladys Rogers, representing the Minto Skating Club. He won the bronze medal at the 1926 Canadian Championships with partner Isabel Blythe.
As an ice dancer, he won the silver medal at the 1940 Canadian Championships with Elmore Davis. They also won the Junior national title that same year.
In the fours discipline, he won the 1922 Canadian fours silver medal with partners Sidney Pepler, Frankford Rogers, and Katherine Capreol. He won the 1929 Canadian fours silver medal with partners Frances Claudet, Katherine Lopdell, and Guy Owen. He won the 1931 Canadian fours bronze medal with the same team as in 1929. He won the 1932 Canadian fours silver medal with partners Elmore Davis, Prudence Holbrook and Guy Owen. He won the 1933, 1934, 1935, 1936, and 1937 Canadian fours title with the same team as in 1932.
Internationally.
He competed at the 1924 Winter Olympics as both a single skater and pair skater. He placed 7th in singles, and 7th in pairs with partner Cecil Smith. At those Olympics, Rogers became the first Canadian men's singles skater to compete at the Olympics and was also a member of the first Canadian pairs team to compete at the Olympics. 
He won the North American singles title in 1925 and 1927. He won the 1925 silver medal in pairs with Gladys Rogers. He won the fours title in 1933, 1935, and 1937 with Margaret Davis, Prudence Holbrook, and Guy Owen.
He also competed in pairs with Isobel Rogers. They placed 5th at the 1930 World Figure Skating Championships
Professional career.
Following his retirement from comeptitive skater, he worked as a judge. He served as the president of the Canadian Figure Skating Association for two terms.
He was posthumously inducted into the Canadian Figure Skating Hall of Fame in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19580323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580323" title="Port of Menteith">
Port of Menteith

Port of Menteith () is a village and civil parish in the Stirling district of Scotland, the only significant settlement on the Lake of Menteith. It was established as a burgh of barony, then named simply Port (), in 1457 by King James III of Scotland. It lay in the former county of Perthshire.
The village lies at the north-eastern edge of the Lake, at the junction of the A81 road with the B8034 road, which runs south, just to the west of Flanders Moss, to meet the A811 road at Arnprior. The elevation is around 25 m above sea level. The country around is generally low-lying, except to the north where the Menteith Hills rise, including Beinn Dearg (426 m), with the Trossachs and the southern Highlands beyond. The Parish includes the outlying settlements of Coblehead, Dykehead, Gartmore and Ruskie.
The parish of Port of Menteith, area 7226 hectares, had a resident population of 768 in the United Kingdom Census 2001, down from 884 in 1991.
In the summer months a ferry runs from Port of Menteith to the island of Inchmahome, site of the Historic Scotland-maintained Inchmahome Priory. The village is home to a fishing club and is the starting point for anglers on the Lake of Menteith. Nick Nairn's cookery school is based at Loch End, just south of Port of Menteith at the south-east corner of the Lake.
Nearby Rednock House is a historic Laird’s House remodelled by the architect Robert Brown of Edinburgh in 1827. Its grounds include a walled garden, ice house and ornamental water garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19580338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580338" title="Soestdijk railway station">
Soestdijk railway station

Soestdijk is a railway station located in Soestdijk, the Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 June 1898 on the single track Den Dolder–Baarn railway.
Train service.
The following train services call at Soestdijk:
Bus service.
Bus service 2 From Soestdijk Noord to Soest Zuid railway station, it runs via Soestdijk station. 
This service runs 2x per hour, and on evenings and Sundays it operates 1x per hour.

</doc>
<doc id="19580347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580347" title="Lej">
Lej

Lej may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19580349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580349" title="Laj, Razavi Khorasan">
Laj, Razavi Khorasan

Laj (, also Romanized as Lāj) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,038, in 622 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19580369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580369" title="Wirt County Courthouse">
Wirt County Courthouse

The Wirt County Courthouse in Elizabeth, West Virginia was built to replace a courthouse that burned May 15, 1910. The new neoclassical courthouse was designed by B.F. Smith and subsequently built by his company. The courthouse is the most significant building in the small community of Elizabeth, with a population of less than 1000. The brick courthouse features a two-story columned pediment and is surmounted by a clock tower.

</doc>
<doc id="19580380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580380" title="Elisha Capen Monk">
Elisha Capen Monk

Elisha Capen Monk was an American businessman and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Republican, in 1856 he was elected to serve in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. From 1866 to 1867 he served in the Massachusetts Senate.
In 1870 Monk went to Colorado where he was one of the founders of the Union Colony of Colorado and Greeley, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="19580386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580386" title="USS West Gate (ID-3216)">
USS West Gate (ID-3216)

USS "West Gate" (ID-3216) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy during World War I. The ship was laid down as SS "War Agate", but she was launched in January 1918 as SS "West Gate" instead.
SS "West Gate" was one of the steam-powered "West" boats that were built for the . They were steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. She was the 3rd ship built by the Columbia River Shipbuilding Company in Portland, Oregon. She was commissioned into the of the United States Navy in April 1918.
After experiencing engine trouble on her first attempt at a transatlantic crossing, "West Gate" was unsuccessfully attacked by two German submarines in early July 1918 while returning to port for repairs. After successfully completing her trip to France, she began her second transatlantic trip in early October. In the early morning hours of 7 October, "West Gate"s steering gear jammed and , another Navy cargo ship, collided with the "West Gate", sinking her. Seven men lost their lives in the accident.
Design and construction.
The ship was laid down at the Columbia River Shipbuilding Company of Portland, Oregon under the name "War Agate" as part of an order for the British Admiralty. Had she been sold to them, the "War Agate" would have been operated by the Cunard Line. However, the commandeered and received title to all private shipbuilding projects in progress in mid-1917, which included the still-incomplete "War Agate". The ship was renamed "West Gate" by the time of her launching on 27 January 1918. She was one of the "West" ships, which were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during the First World War. All of the "West" ships were given names that began with the word "West", and "West Gate" was the 3rd of some 30 "West" ships built at Columbia River Shipbuilding. 
"West Gate" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull that displaced 12,185 t with a mean draft of . Her hold was deep. "West Gate"s power plant consisted of a single steam turbine driving a single screw propeller which moved the ship at up to .
Career.
After her April 1918 completion, "West Gate" was handed over to the United States Navy for use in the . She was commissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, as USS "West Gate" (ID-3216) the same day with Lieutenant Commander Alexander Watson, USNRF, in command.
After making her way to New York, "West Gate" took on 6,700 tons of cargo that included locomotives, steel rails, and other materiel for the United States Army and departed in a convoy for France on 28 June. The ship soon developed engine trouble and dropped out of the convoy to head to St. John's, Newfoundland, for repairs. While headed to St. John's in moderate seas under a cloudy sky, "West Gate" was attacked by two German submarines at 19:15 on 3 July. One U-boat surfaced in front of the cargo ship, crossing to starboard. As "West Gate" quickly turned to port to evade the U-boat, a second U-boat surfaced one point to starboard. While "West Gate"s radio operator sent out a preemptive SOS, her gunners opened fire on the two submarines. Though her gunners made hits on neither boat, both were bracketed with fire, quickly submerged, and apparently departed the scene. "West Gate" arrived at St. John's at 18:00 on 7 July without any further contact with enemy vessels.
After four days of repairs, "West Gate" departed St. John's for France and arrived at the Gironde estuary on 22 July. She shifted to Saint-Nazaire three days later where she unloaded her cargo. "West Gate" departed on 21 August for Newport News, Virginia, where she arrived on 10 September. Later in the month, she headed to New York for major engine repairs.
Final voyage.
After taking on of Army materiel, she departed for Bordeaux on 4 October in a convoy escorted by cruiser . On the night of 6/7 October—noted in the "Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships" as "particularly dark and rainy"—the ships were having trouble maintaining their stations in the convoy. "West Gate" was sailing in the first column to the starboard of the guide ship, .
At 02:28 on 7 October, while about south of Halifax, "West Gate"s steering gear engine jammed, sending the ship veering sharply to the port. The crew put the ship's engines at half speed to try to drop out of the convoy. Lieutenant Spencer, the chief engineer, and his assistant, Lieutenant (j.g.) Hillery, headed to the machinery spaces to see about effecting repairs. At 02:30, men on the bridge sighted the red light from the oncoming , which had been steaming behind and to the port of "West Gate". Though the bridge ordered the engines raised to "full speed ahead" to avoid the collision, there was no time for the engines to respond before "American"s bow cut into the starboard side of "West Gate", near the poop deck.
"West Gate"s engines were shut down while "American" backed out of the tangle. "West Gate" quickly began to settle and the order to abandon ship was issued. The chief engineer and his assistant, Spencer and Hillery, remained belowdecks long enough to extinguish the boilers and open safety valves to prevent the explosion of the boilers. They finished the task just before the aft bulkhead gave way to the inrushing seawater. Both arrived on deck in time to board lifeboat number 2, which had been held as long as possible for men in the after part of the ship.
Chief Gunner's Mate Michael B. Wallrath, who had assisted in lowering three lifeboats while he remained on board, jumped overboard after seeing to it that all the boats were away. Wallrath was pulled into lifeboat number 6 just before a wave capsized it and drowned two of its occupants. Lieutenant commander R. B. Vandervoort, USNRF, "West Gate"s commanding officer, remained on board until he felt sure that the entire crew had departed the sinking ship. When he climbed up on the deckhouse to cut free a life raft and leave the ship, he discovered six men huddled on deck. Vandervoort was able to get the six on the life raft, but the suction caused by "West Gate"s final plunge pulled him away and below the surface. After he managed to get back to the surface, he clung to floating wreckage for two hours until pulled aboard the very raft he had missed earlier. Vandervoort and the six men aboard the raft were rescued by one of "American"s lifeboats at 06:00, after some 3½ hours in the water.
A total of seven men from "West Gate", two from lifeboat six and five others probably killed in the initial collision, lost their lives in the accident. The U.S. Navy awarded Chief Gunner's Mate Wallrath a Letter of Commendation for his actions during the sinking of "West Gate".

</doc>
<doc id="19580388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580388" title="Soest (Netherlands) railway station">
Soest (Netherlands) railway station

Soest is a railway station located in Soest, Netherlands. The station was opened on 27 June 1898 on the single track Den Dolder–Baarn railway. It is the only station with two platforms on the line.
Train service.
The following train services call at Soest:

</doc>
<doc id="19580410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580410" title="Neritiliidae">
Neritiliidae

Neritiliidae is a family of submarine cave snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Original spelling was Neritilidae. This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Five species are freshwater.
Genera.
Genera within the family Neritiliidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19580441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580441" title="DNA Model Management">
DNA Model Management

DNA Model Management is a modeling agency in New York City, established in 1996 by Jerome and David Bonnouvrier, and is one of the top-three agencies in the world. DNA represents numerous notable models in the industry, including: Linda Evangelista, Alessandra Ambrosio, Natalia Vodianova, Amber Valletta, Doutzen Kroes, Shalom Harlow, Raquel Zimmermann, and Kristen McMenamy.
Actors Matthew Gray Gubler, Gabriel Mann, Shemar Moore, and Ian Somerhalder, alongside Olympic gold medal figure skater Evan Lysacek, are managed under DNA Model Management's Men Celebrity division. The agency also hosts seven of Models.com's "The Hot List" faces, which track "the most in-demand newcomers in the business": Drake Burnette, Elena Bartels, Irene Hiemstra, Juliana Schurig, Maria Bradley, Ondria Hardin and Ruby Jean Wilson. Bradley has been interviewed for "New York" magazine.
History.
In 1994, Jerome and David Bonnouvrier purchased NOW Model Management from Billy Rozenvig and Victoria Pressly and renamed it to Partners. Hedi Slimane worked at the agency as an assistant. Pressly worked with Partners for two years as an agent.
In 1996, Pressly left the agency and it was renamed to DNA.
Models.
Models currently represented by DNA Model Management, include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19580456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580456" title="Parapalosia">
Parapalosia

Paraplosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parapalosia cinderella".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580506" title="Paraplastis">
Paraplastis

Paraplastis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Paraplastis hampsoni".
A note by V.V.Dubatolov.
"Paraplastis" is a genus of Lithosiinae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580509" title="Paraplesis">
Paraplesis

Paraplesis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Paraplesis collaris".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580512" title="Mauvaise foi nocturne">
Mauvaise foi nocturne

"Mauvaise foi nocturne (la réponse)" (French for "Nocturnal dishonesty (the response)") is a 2006 song recorded by French act Fatal Bazooka, led by actor, singer and comedian Michael Youn. Pascal Obispo participated also in the vocals under the name of Vitoo. The song is the eleventh track on the album "T'As Vu ?", and was released as second single in the first days of March 2007. It was as successful as "Fous ta cagoule" in terms of chart positions, becoming a number-one hit in France and Belgium (Wallonia).
Song information.
The song is a parody of Diam's' song "Confessions nocturnes", recorded with Vitaa as featuring, and included on the album "Dans ma bulle". Michaël Youn portrayed Diam's, while Pascal Obispo plays the role of Vitaa. In Fatal Bazooka's music video, there are also many references to the original one by Diam's.
The video was nominated at the 2008 Victoires de la musique in the category "Best music video of the year", but it didn't win.
In France, the single went straight to number six on 3 March 2007, two days after its release. Then it climbed to number-one, where it stayed for five weeks (it was Youn's fourth number-one single in France). Thereafter, it dropped slowly but regularly on the chart, totaling 12 weeks in the top ten, 19 weeks in the top 50 and 31 weeks on the chart (top 100).
In Belgium (Wallonia), "Mauvaise foi nocturne" was charted for 26 weeks in the top 40. It entered the chart at number 29 on 3 March, climbed quickly and eventually reached number-one from its fifth to its ninth week. It ramined in the top five for another six weeks, then dropped.
The single was less successful in Switzerland, peaking at number 15 on 1 April 2007 and staying in the top 100 for 15 weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19580517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580517" title="Pararctia">
Pararctia

Pararctia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="19580523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580523" title="Parascaptia">
Parascaptia

Parascaptia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580527" title="Parascepsis">
Parascepsis

Parascepsis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parascepsis solox".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580533" title="SNCASE SE.200">
SNCASE SE.200

__NOTOC__
The Sud-Est SE.200 Amphitrite (named for a Greek sea goddess) was a flying boat airliner built in France in the late 1930s, originally developed as the Lioré et Olivier LeO H-49 before the nationalisation of the French aircraft industry. It was a large, six-engine design with a high-set cantilever monoplane wing, and twin tails. It was developed in response to a French air ministry specification of 1936 for a transatlantic airliner for Air France with a range of and capacity for 20 passengers and 500 kg (227 lb) of cargo. Designs were submitted by Latécoère, Lioré et Olivier and by Potez-CAMS as the Laté 631, LeO H.49 and the Potez-CAMS 161 respectively, and examples of all designs were approved for construction. A large mock-up, resting on simulated water, was displayed at the 1938 "Salon de l'Aéronautique".
Four SE.200s were under construction at Marignane at the outbreak of the Second World War, and work on them continued after the fall of France, along with a fifth machine now started. The first aircraft, christened "Rochambeau" flew on 11 December 1942. Following testing, it was seized by the German occupation and taken to the Bodensee, where it was destroyed in an air-raid by RAF Mosquitos on 17 April 1944. A USAAF raid on Marignane on 16 September destroyed the second SE.200 and badly damaged the other machines.
Enough work on the third SE.200 had been carried out to make salvage worthwhile after the war. This aircraft eventually flew on 2 April 1946 but was damaged in a hard landing in October 1949 and was not repaired. Plans existed to also complete the fourth aircraft, but these did not eventuate and it and the fifth machine were scrapped. The remains of the first SE.200 were raised by Dornier in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19580534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580534" title="Parascolia">
Parascolia

Parascolia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parascolia tenebrifera".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580540" title="Parasemia">
Parasemia

Parasemia is a monotypic genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580542" title="Pseudorthonychiidae">
Pseudorthonychiidae

Pseudorthonychiidae is an extinct, monogeneric (contains only one genus) family of fossil snails, gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
Genera.
The sole genus in this family is:

</doc>
<doc id="19580547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580547" title="Seafood (film)">
Seafood (film)

Seafood () is a 2001 Chinese film directed by the established writer Zhu Wen. Though "Seafood" was Zhu's first film as director, he had already gained some experience with filmmaking as a screenwriter for Zhang Ming (in 1996's "Rain Clouds over Wushan") and Zhang Yuan (in 1999's "Seventeen Years"). "Seafood" was produced independently by Thought Dance Entertainment and Zhu's own Zhu Wen Workshop.
The film depicts a self-destructive prostitute (Jin Ze) who attempts to commit suicide in a resort town by the sea. She is thwarted by a police officer (Cheng Taisheng) whose unorthodox methods of "rehabilitating" her consists of seafood and rape. As a result of the film's dark premise, "Seafood" has been called "one of the most transgressive visions of China...ever witnessed."
Never released in China, the film nevertheless was well received abroad, where it won numerous awards most notably at the 2001 Venice International Film Festival.
Plot.
Zhang Xiaomei (Jin Ze), is a prostitute living in Beijing. When relationship problems with her boyfriend erupt, she flees to the resort city of Beidaihe and takes a room in a small hotel where she contemplates committing suicide. There she meets a young poet. The next morning, she wakes and learns that the poet has slit his wrists. 
When the police arrive, she meets Deng Jianguo (Cheng Taisheng), a middle-aged officer who questions her over the poet's death. Their relationship soon grows increasingly complicated as Deng learns of Xiaomei's plans to commit suicide. Over the course of several days, he takes her to eat seafood dinners, extolling the virtues and health benefits of the diet, including a claim that it makes him a more potent lover. When Xiaomei tries to commit suicide in a nearby town, she is thwarted by Deng who brings her back to Beidaihe and proceeds to rape her. 
Xiaomei eventually leaves the seaside town for Beijing again.
Production.
"Seafood" was shot entirely on handheld digital video. While some critics found the camerawork to be "routine" for the medium, one shot in particular was filmed not by the cinematographer, Liu Yonghung, but by Zhu Wen himself. Zhu has stated in an interview that this constituted the first time he had ever touched a camera and that he was so pleased with the naturalistic effect, that he ended up keeping the shot.
Reception.
Given the film's dark subject matter of rape and suicide, Zhu Wen had no illusions that the film would ever screen in his native China. In some ways, the inability to screen "Seafood" in China led Zhu to direct his second feature, "South of the Clouds" (2004) within the state-run film system, so that he would have a work that he could show to family and friends.
The film did well in the film festival circuit, however, winning a special jury prize at the Venice International Film Festival's "Cinema of the Present" competition and a grand jury prize at Cinemanila. The film also screened at a handful of other major festivals, such as Karlovy Vary, and Vancouver (out of competition).

</doc>
<doc id="19580552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580552" title="Parashada">
Parashada

Parashada is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parashada truncata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580558" title="Parasiccia">
Parasiccia

Parasiccia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
Type species: "Parasiccia maculifascia" (Moore , 1878) 
Species.
Some species of this genus are:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580566" title="Paraspilarctia">
Paraspilarctia

Paraspilarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. It occurs in China, including Taiwan, and North Vietnam.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580570" title="Parastatia">
Parastatia

Parastatia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parastatia parnassia".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580573" title="Paratalara">
Paratalara

Paratalara is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Paratalara inversa".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580580" title="Parathyris">
Parathyris

Parathyris is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580582" title="Martina Filjak">
Martina Filjak

Martina Filjak (born in Zagreb) is a Croatian concert pianist.
Biography.
Martina Filjak started playing piano at the age of 5 and held her first public performance aged 6. She completed her studies at the Music Academy in Zagreb, the Vienna Conservatoire, the Hochschule für Musik in Hannover and additionally at the Como Piano Academy.
Filjak was awarded the 2007 Concorso Busoni's 5th prize, and subsequently won the 2007 Viotti and 2008 Maria Canals competitions. In addition, she won the Bösendorfer Prize. In 2009 she won the first prize at the 2009 Cleveland International Piano Competition.
Martina Filjak has performed with esteemed orchestras of her home country and abroad, including The Cleveland Orchestra; the Zagreb, Strasbourg, Morocco, Belgrade and Torino Philharmonics; the Barcelona, Bilbao, Chautauqua, Tenerife, Chile and Moscow Symphony Orchestras; the Georgian Chamber Orchestra of Ingolstadt, Croatian Chamber Orchestra and the Chamber Orchestra of South Africa under such esteemed conductors as Jahja Ling, Christian Zacharias, Heinrich Schiff, Theodor Guschlbauer and Stefan Sanderling. As a recitalist as well as concerto soloist, Ms. Filjak has performed in such major venues as the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, Konzerthaus Berlin, L'Auditori and Palau de la Música Catalana in Barcelona, Carnegie Hall in New York, Palais des Congrès in Strasbourg, Musikverein in Vienna, Shanghai Oriental Art Center and the Severance Hall in Cleveland.
Her New York recital debut at Carnegie Hall in December 2009 received excellent reviews by the New York Times critic Anthony Tomassini praising her 'resourcefulness of her technique and the naturalness of her musicality' and declaring her 'a pianist to watch'. In October 2009 she was additionally awarded an Honorary Medal by the President of the Republic of Croatia for her artistic achievements.
In the 2010 and 2011 she performs with the Deutsche Radio Philharmonie and Christoph Poppen, at the Al Bustan Festival in Lebanon, the Granada Symphony Orchestra and the Hong Kong Sinfonietta and as a recitalist at the Munich Residenz and at the Palau de la Musica in Barcelona. Future performances include appearances with the Charlotte Symphony Orchestra, The Florida Orchestra, the Boston Philharmonic, the Madrid Symphony Orchestra, the Staatskapelle Weimar and the Granada Symphony Orchestra.
Miss Filjak is a Croatian and Italian nationality and speaks 7 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19580584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580584" title="Paratype (moth genus)">
Paratype (moth genus)

Paratype is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580586" title="Colligan/Emmets GAA">
Colligan/Emmets GAA

Colligan/Emmets GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Colligan, County Waterford, Ireland. The club enters teams in both GAA codes each year, which includes two adult hurling teams and two adult Gaelic football team in the Waterford County Championships. The club is known as "Colligan" when playing hurling and "Emmets" when playing gaelic football.
The club is yet to win a senior county championship in either grade, although the club has had success at both other adults levels and at underage.

</doc>
<doc id="19580612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580612" title="Parelictis">
Parelictis

Parelictis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parelictis saleuta".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580617" title="Paremonia">
Paremonia

Paremonia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580620" title="Odafe Onyeka Okolie">
Odafe Onyeka Okolie

Odafe Onyeka Okolie (born 1985 in Nigeria), is a Nigerian football player who plays for Mohun Bagan A.C. in the Indian I-League. He is the highest paid footballer in India, earning INR 2 crore (equivalent to USD 400,000) per year. He is one of the highest scorers in the I-League and has been the top goal scorer on three consecutive editions.
Club career.
Churchill Brothers.
After a lackluster start to his career which saw him play for Indian club Mohammedan S.C. and Bangladesh club Muktijoddha SKC where he only made nil and 28 appearances respectively and only scored 14 goals with SKC, Odafe went back to India and signed for Churchill Brothers S.C. in the I-League in 2005. It took him till the 2006–07 season to break out though as he scored 12 goals that season with Churchill. Then during the 2007–08 season, Odafe scored 22 goals in 16 games and was top scorer in the new I-League. Odafe is the all time leading scorer in the I-League after three seasons. He was also the former captain of Churchill Brothers.
Mohun Bagan AC.
On 1 June 2011, he signed a one-year deal with Mohun Bagan A.C. for approximately $400,000. On October 23, 2011, Odafe scored a hat-trick in his debut for Bagan in a 3–1 victory over Pailan Arrows.

</doc>
<doc id="19580626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580626" title="Pareuchaetes">
Pareuchaetes

Pareuchaetes is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19580628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580628" title="Plustek">
Plustek

Plustek Inc. () is a computer hardware company established in 1986 that manufactures image scanners, as well as surveillance solutions in recent years. They have the MobileOffice, SmartOffice, OpticBook, OpticPro, OpticFilm, and OpticSlim line of products.

</doc>
<doc id="19580632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580632" title="Pareugoa">
Pareugoa

Pareugoa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species Pareugoa multistrigata, which is found in India (Assam).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580639" title="Parevia">
Parevia

Parevia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580643" title="Parexilisia">
Parexilisia

Parexilisia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580651" title="Cape Photographic Catalogue">
Cape Photographic Catalogue

The Cape Photographic Catalogue (CPC) is a star catalog containing 68,467 stars in the Southern Hemisphere whose declinations are either between −30° and −40° or between −52° and −90°. It contains positions, proper motions, magnitudes, and spectral types, and was published by the Cape Observatory between 1954 and 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19580652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580652" title="The Sholan Alliance">
The Sholan Alliance

The Sholan Alliance Series is a series of science-fiction novels written by author Lisanne Norman. Eight books in the series have been released so far; there is a ninth book planned.
Books.
The Sholan Alliance Series consists of these books:
The author has also written at least one (possibly more) short story set within the same universe as the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19580654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580654" title="Parvicincia">
Parvicincia

Parvicincia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Parvicincia belli".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580670" title="Pasteosia">
Pasteosia

Pasteosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580673" title="Soest Zuid railway station">
Soest Zuid railway station

Soest Zuid is a railway station located in Soest, the Netherlands. The station was opened on the 27th June 1898 on the single track Stichtse lijn and is located on an embankment. In 1963 a new station building was built and the station was moved 200 m.
Train service.
The following train services call at Soest Zuid:
Bus services.
The following services call at Soest Zuid:

</doc>
<doc id="19580678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580678" title="Patreliura">
Patreliura

Patreliura is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Patreliura capys".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580681" title="Paulianosia">
Paulianosia

Paulianosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Paulianosia clathrata".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580684" title="Malik Abad">
Malik Abad

Malik Abad is a small town with a population of 2000 people in Tehsil Tump, Kech District, Balochistan, Pakistan. The founder of the town was Malik Bahdhur, and the town was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19580691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580691" title="Paurophleps">
Paurophleps

Paurophleps is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Paurophleps minuta".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580695" title="Álvaro Obregón (municipality)">
Álvaro Obregón (municipality)

Álvaro Obregón is one of the 113 municipalities that make up the state of Michoacán in Mexico. It is located north of the state and about from the city of Morelia. It has an area of and had a population of 18,696 inhabitants as of 2005. The municipality is named in honor of Álvaro Obregón, the President of Mexico from 1920 to 1924.
The municipality contains 35 localities, which include Álvaro Obregón, Tzintzimeo, El Calvario, Felipe Carrillo Puerto, and Lázaro Cárdenas.

</doc>
<doc id="19580701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580701" title="Pelochyta">
Pelochyta

Pelochyta is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19580706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580706" title="Pelosia">
Pelosia

Pelosia is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580717" title="Pericallia">
Pericallia

Pericallia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus contains only one species Pericallia matronula, which has a wide range. The species can be found in Central and Eastern Europe, Kazakhstan, Southern Siberia, Northern Mongolia, Amur Region, Primorye, Sakhalin, Kunashir, northern and north-eastern China, Korea and Japan.
The larvae feed on Lonicera, Hieracium, Vaccinium, Fraxinus, Corylus and Quercus species and Prunus padus.

</doc>
<doc id="19580738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580738" title="Pezaptera">
Pezaptera

Pezaptera is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580743" title="Phacusa (moth)">
Phacusa (moth)

Phacusa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580750" title="Phacusosia">
Phacusosia

Phacusosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580755" title="Phaegoptera">
Phaegoptera

Phaegoptera is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19580758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580758" title="Phaenarete (moth)">
Phaenarete (moth)

Phaenarete is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phaenarete diana".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580763" title="Phaeomolis">
Phaeomolis

Phaeomolis is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580772" title="Phaeophlebosia">
Phaeophlebosia

Phaeophlebosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phaeophlebosia furcifera".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580776" title="Phaeosia">
Phaeosia

Phaeosia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580783" title="Phaeosphecia">
Phaeosphecia

Phaeospecia is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae. It contains the single species "Phaeosphecia opaca".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19580793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580793" title="Giesl ejector">
Giesl ejector

A Giesl ejector is a suction draught system for steam locomotives that works on the same principle as a feedwater pump. This ejector (German: "Ejektor", "Flachschornstein" or "Quetschesse") was invented in 1951 by the Austrian engineer, Dr. Adolph Giesl-Gieslingen. The Giesl ejector ensures improved suction draught and a correspondingly better use of energy. The existing blastpipe in a locomotive is replaced by several, small, fan-shaped, diverging blast pipes, from which the diffuser gets its flat, long, drawn-out shape.
Fuel savings.
Giesl claimed that his ejector enabled a saving in coal of between 6 and 12% – although in practice the maximum saving was more like 8% – and an increase in power of up to 20%. Many railway administrations converted their steam engines to Giesl ejectors, including the ÖBB, ČSD and Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany, as well as railway companies in Africa, China and Japan. The licence fees were not paid in every case, it being said that often they almost cancelled out the saving in coal. In the DR it was assessed that the Giesl ejectors would pay for themselves within a year, as a result of which they converted over 500 locomotives; primarily the Classes 38.10, 50, 52 and 65.10.
Use in the United Kingdom.
Talyllyn Railway.
In 1958, Dr Giesl-Gieslingen approached British Railways to offer a free trial of the ejector. When this offer was turned down, the inventor made the same offer to the preserved Talyllyn Railway in Wales, and locomotive No. 4, "Edward Thomas" was fitted with one. Although a coal saving of 40% was officially announced at the time, this has since been disputed by the railway's chief engineer. The ejector was removed in 1969, and no difference in coal consumption was found. The ejector is now on display in the Narrow Gauge Railway Museum at Tywyn.
British Railways.
In 1962, Bulleid Battle of Britain class 4-6-2 34064 "Fighter Command" was fitted with a Giesl ejector on the grounds that a desired spark arrestor would "suffocate" an ordinary blastpipe. It quickly became apparent, following some adjustment, that the ejector improved the locomotive design, and it was held in high regard by the crews. A BR Standard Class 9F 2-10-0 92250 was also fitted with a Giesl ejector, but with "indifferent" results.
Keighley and Worth Valley Railway.
As a consequence of the experience with "Fighter Command", and for the same reasons, during the 1980s the preserved Bulleid West Country class 4-6-2 34092 "City of Wells" was similarly fitted at the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway.
Australian Railways.
New South Wales Government Railways.
NSWGR only had one locomotive in its entire fleet which was fitted with a Giesl Ejector. The locomotive being 3616, a member of the NSWGR C36 class 4-6-0. In 1957, 3616 was fitted with a Giesl ejector along with its new Belpaire boiler. 3616, has made it into preservation. In the ownership of the New South Wales Rail Transport Museum located at Thirlmere, the locomotive is a static exhibit in the Thirlmere Train Hall.
In fiction.
In the fictional narrow gauge railway by the Rev. W. Awdry based on the Talyllyn Railway, the locomotive "Peter Sam", based on "Edward Thomas", also received a Giesl ejector. Unlike "Edward Thomas", "Peter Sam" retains the ejector to the present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19580807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580807" title="Paul Siebert">
Paul Siebert

Paul Edward Siebert (born June 5, 1953) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of five seasons in the majors, from until . Paul's father was former major league first baseman Dick Siebert.
Siebert was selected in the 3rd round (58th overall) of the 1971 amateur entry draft by the Houston Astros. He made his major league baseball debut with the Astros in 1974, and was traded to the San Diego Padres before the 1977 season.
Siebert was part of the infamous "Saturday Night Massacre" in New York. On June 15, 1977, the Mets traded Dave Kingman to the San Diego Padres for Siebert and Bobby Valentine, sent Tom Seaver to the Cincinnati Reds for Pat Zachry, Doug Flynn, Steve Henderson and Dan Norman, and Mike Phillips to the St. Louis Cardinals for Joel Youngblood. Siebert split the rest of that year as well as 1978 between the Mets and the minor league Tidewater Tides.
Siebert was traded to the Cardinals after the 1978 season, but was released at the end of spring training in . He signed with the Montreal Expos, playing for the Denver Bears in 1979 before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="19580843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580843" title="U-Line Corporation">
U-Line Corporation

U-Line Corporation is a North American manufacturer of upscale undercounter refrigeration products, primarily intended for residential use.
U-Line was founded in 1962 by Henry Uihlein who was the first to patent and bring to market an automatic stand-alone undercounter residential ice maker. Based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U-Line has since introduced several other undercounter "firsts," including the first combination refrigerator/ice maker (1971), the first portable ice maker (1971), the first 12v DC marine/mobile ice maker (1983), and the first residential wine refrigeration system (1985).
History.
In 1962, Henry Uihlein left his position at the Ben-Hur Freezer Company to begin manufacturing a product of his own invention. He named his company "U-Line," a phonetic representation of his German-origin name. His invention - a residential undercounter ice maker - was the first product of its kind, and its popularity with more affluent home owners helped his company fund further research and development into additional refrigeration products. Today, the U-Line Corporation manufactures several undercounter combinations of ice makers, refrigerators, freezers, and wine storage systems. Many of these include advanced features, such as dual-zone temperature control in the case of wine storage systems. The company has also introduced a line of refrigerated drawers. All of the company's products can be "built in" to blend in inconspicuously with a room's decor.
Significant Inventions/Milestones
"(Used with permission from U-Line's corporate website)"
1962
U-Line develops the first undercounter residential and light commercial ice maker.
1971
U-Line introduces the first undercounter Combo Model Ice Maker and Refrigerator. The unit maintains two temperature zones in the same cabinet using a single compressor.
1971
U-Line introduces the first portable ice makers, designed with a built-in water tank that allowed owners to move the unit anywhere in the home.
1983
U-Line develops the first and only 12-volt DC ice maker for marine and RV applications.
1985
U-Line is the first U.S. appliance manufacturer to produce an undercounter wine refrigerator for residential wine storage. The Wine Captain features three temperature zones within the same cabinet to offer proper storage conditions for different varieties of wine.
1987
U-Line develops and patents the industry's first solid state ice maker. Display lights and sound tones alert users when defrosting and other maintenance functions are required.
1991
U-Line is the first to develop frost-free freezer technology in undercounter refrigeration.
1993
U-Line is the first North American appliance manufacturer to eliminate chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) from its foam insulation - more than two years ahead of the scheduled federal government mandate.
1998
U-Line designs and develops the CLR60 clear ice maker, which can produce more than 60 pounds of clear ice cubes per day.
2001
U-Line introduces the Échelon Series, a diverse collection of luxury ice makers, combination ice maker/refrigerators, wine storage units, refrigerators and refrigerator/freezers.
Corporate Affairs.
U-Line is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is currently under the leadership of the third and fourth generations of the Uihlein family.
Distribution.
Because they products are aimed at a more affluent demographic, they are not commonly found in national appliance chains, but rather in local upscale retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="19580863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580863" title="Cheeneetnukiidae">
Cheeneetnukiidae

† Cheeneetnukiidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera and species within the family Cheeneetnukiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19580872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580872" title="Hormotomidae">
Hormotomidae

† Hormotomidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). 
This family has no subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="19580875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580875" title="Cambisols">
Cambisols

A Cambisol in the FAO World Reference Base for Soil Resources is a soil with a beginning of soil formation. The horizon differentiation is weak. This is evident from weak, mostly brownish discolouration and/or structure formation in the soil profile.
Cambisols are developed in medium and fine-textured materials derived from a wide range of rocks, mostly in alluvial, colluvial and aeolian deposits. 
Most of these soils make good agricultural land and are intensively used. Cambisols in temperate climates are among the most productive soils on earth. 
Cambisols cover an estimated 15 million square kilometres worldwide. They are well represented in temperate and boreal regions that were under the influence of glaciation during the Pleistocene, partly because the soil's parent material is still young, but also because soil formation is comparatively slow in the cool, northern regions. Cambisols are less common in the tropics and subtropics. But they are common in areas with active erosion where they may occur in association with mature tropical soils.

</doc>
<doc id="19580896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580896" title="All Tripura Tiger Force">
All Tripura Tiger Force

The All Tripura Tiger Force (ATTF) is an isolationist group from the Tripura region of India. It was founded on July 11, 1990, by a group of former Tripura National Volunteer members under the leadership of Ranjit Debbarma. The ATTF is currently considered a terrorist organization by India. The rebellion, in which it is involved is the Tripura Rebellion. According to the South Asian Terrorism Portal, approximately 90% of the ATTF's administration are Hindu and the rest are Christian.
Objectives.
According to South Asian Terrorism Portal the main objectives of ATTF are:

</doc>
<doc id="19580926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580926" title="John Mortimer Warfield">
John Mortimer Warfield

Air Commodore John "Johnnie" Mortimer Warfield CBE RAF was a bomber pilot during the Second World War, a senior RAF staff officer and commander during the Malayan Emergency in the 1950s and, as an Air Commodore in his final tour, the ninth Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps.
Service history.
RAF service.
Warfield joined the Royal Air Force on 29 December 1930 on a short service commission and commenced training at the RAF Central Depot, RAF Uxbridge and two months later transferred to the No. 2 Flying Training School as a pilot under instruction. On 29 December 1931 he was posted as a pilot in the rank of Pilot Officer to No. 13 Squadron RAF.
Promoted to Flying Officer in August 1932 and Flight Lieutenant in April 1936, Warfield was appointed as a flight commander on 13 Squadron before being posted to as a supernumerary officer at the Air Armaments School just three months later. Following his course on 3 July 1937 he was posted as Armament Officer at No. 5 Armament Training Establishment at RAF Penrhos. The following year he was posted overseas to RAF Kalafrana seaplane base on Malta where he was promoted to Squadron Leader.
In February 1939, just before the Second World War started, Warfield was appointed as Command Armament Staff Officer at HQ Mediterranean Command at RAF Luqa serving under Air Vice Marshal Hugh Lloyd, a post he held until the spring of 1941 when he was promoted to Wing Commander and appointed as Officer Commanding of the Malta airbase RAF Ta' Qali.
In December 1942 Warfield returned to the UK and was appointed as Officer Commanding No. 226 Squadron RAF flying Douglas Boston III twin engined bombers from RAF Wattisham in support of the United States Air Force during daylight raids over Germany. In April 1943 Warfield was promoted in temporary rank of Group Captain and served as the station commander of RAF Wattisham where he remained until near the end of the war, when he was reverted to the rank of Wing Commander briefly. When the war finished he was serving as Senior Officer Administration at Headquarters No 12 Group RAF.
Immediately after the war Warfield was involved in the conflict with communist guerrilla forces on the Malayan Peninsula that created the Malayan Union. He was posted as Command Armament Officer at Headquarters Far Eastern Air Command. The following year he was promoted as a substantive Group Captain and appointed as Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Air Headquarters Malaya, later moving to Advance AHQ Malaya. In 1950 Warfield returned to the UK as Officer Commanding RAF Waddington in Lincolnshire.
In September 1955 Warfield was promoted to Acting Air Commodore as Air Officer Commanding No. 66 (Scottish) Group RAF. In January 1957 the Air Commodore rank was made substantive and he was appointed as Air Officer Administration at Headquarters British Forces Arabian Peninsula.
Royal Observer Corps.
On 29 June 1959 Warfield took over as Commandant Royal Observer Corps from Air Commodore J H T Simpson. The ROC was Warfield's final service appointment and he retired on 26 June 1961, handing over command to Air Commodore C M Wight-Boycott.

</doc>
<doc id="19580931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580931" title="Roads in Jamaica">
Roads in Jamaica

The road network in Jamaica consists of almost 21,000 kilometres of roads, of which over 15,000 kilometres is paved. The numbering scheme used covers freeways, primary (or A) roads, secondary (or B) roads, parochial roads and unclassified roads.
Motorways.
Starting in the late 1990s the Jamaican Government (in cooperation with private investors) embarked on the Highway 2000 project to create a system of motorways, the first such access-controlled roads of their kind on the island. The project seeks ultimately to link the two main cities (Kingston and Montego Bay) and the north coast. It is being undertaken as a series of phases:
On 2009-09-15 Jamaica's prime minister, Bruce Golding, announced to Parliament that Highway 2000 was to be renamed in honour of Usain Bolt. Those intentions were sidelined following a news paper article claiming Bolt had rejected the proposal.
Parochial Roads.
Parochial roads are a local responsibility, being maintained by parish councils. They are too numerous to list individually.
Unclassified Roads.
Unclassified roads are a local responsibility, being maintained by parish councils. They are too numerous to list individually

</doc>
<doc id="19580944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580944" title="Elasmonematidae">
Elasmonematidae

Elasmonematidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within this family include:

</doc>
<doc id="19580970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580970" title="Vardan Mamikonian (musician)">
Vardan Mamikonian (musician)

Vardan Mamikonian is an Armenian pianist, and a naturalised French citizen.
The Armenian pianist, Vardan Mamikonian was born into a musical family. He began his piano studies at the Yerevan School of Music at the age of 6. He continued his studies at the Moscow Conservatory and at the prestigious Tchaikovsky Conservatory where he became a student of Valery Kastelsky, the last pupil of legendary teacher Heinrich Neuhaus. Further studies followed with Russian virtuoso Lazar Berman, and in 1981 he was awarded First Prize at the Balis Dvarionas Piano Competition in Vilnius. More first prizes followed - in 1990 at the Lefébure Competition in Saint-Germain-en-Laye and in 1992 at the World Music Masters Competition in Monte Carlo, reserved exclusively for winners of international competitions. In 1991 he Mamikonian emigrated to France and has since made his home in Paris.
Vardan Mamikonian has attracted the attention of the international public with his elegant technique and superb musicianship. In the USA he has appeared with Robert Spano and the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra playing Sergei Rachmaninov’s Concerto No 1; with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra (Tchaikovsky's Concerto No. 1), Detroit Symphony Orchestra (S. Rachmaninov's Paganini Variations and Lutoslawski's Paganini Variations), Pacific Symphony Orchestra (Tchaikovsky's Concerto No. 1), and National Symphony Orchestra (S. Rachmaninov's Concerto No. 4), and with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra at the Hollywood Bowl (S. Rachmaninov Concertos No. 1 and 4.).
Highlights of recent seasons include a recital on the International Piano Series at London’s Royal Festival Hall; performances of Franz Liszt's Concerto No. 1 in Turin with Eliahu Inbal, with the Berliner Symphoniker, and with the Charleston Symphony and David Stahl; two F. Liszt concertos at the St. Moritz Festival in Switzerland; the opening and closing concerts of the Festival d'Antibes; concerts in Montréal with I Musici de Montréal; and recitals in Los Angeles, at Davies Symphony Hall in San Francisco, in Seattle, and at the Kennedy Center. He made a return visit to London’s Wigmore Hall, and toured with the Prague Symphony performing concertos by S. Rachmaninov and Chopin. Other engagements have included a tour of Germany and Holland with the Kirov Orchestra and Valery Gergiev, his debut with the Houston Symphony Orchestra playing Ravel's Concerto for the Left Hand, and concerts with the Moscow Radio Symphony at Zurich’s Tonhalle.
Other upcoming recital and orchestral engagements this season include additional performances of the S. Rachmaninov's Paganini Variations and the Chopin Piano Concerti Nos. 1 and 2 with orchestras in London, Milano, Germany and Sweden.
Vardan Mamikonian has recorded extensively for radio, television and has made numerous recordings. He has recorded the Chopin Etudes Op. 10 and Op. 25 and waltzes by Ravel, F. Liszt, Chopin, Scriabin for the Calliope label, and works by Ravel, Tchaikovsky, Babajanian, Igor Stravinsky and Khachaturian for Solstice Records. His releases on the Orfeo label include works by J.S. Bach and concertos by S. Rachmaninov, F. Liszt and Felix Mendelssohn. His most recent CD release is a recording of Komitas songs with soprano Hasmik Papian, on the Audite label in September 2006. Several of these recordings have received awards from the international press.
References.
[http://armenianstudies.csufresno.edu/hye_sharzhoom/vol18/march57/vardan.html] California State University, Fresno - Armenian Studies Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19580975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580975" title="Velainellidae">
Velainellidae

Velainellidae is a very small taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea, the top snails, turban snails and their allies.
Genera.
This family contains only one genus: the Eocene genus Velainella, named by Vasseur 1880 and found in France.
Description.
"Velainella" has a long, narrow, almost straight-side shell with a smooth-lipped oval aperture.
Taxonomy changes.
Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 included the Velainellidae in the vetigastropod superfamily Trochoidea, leaving the rank of the Vetigastropoda undecided. Previously W. F. Ponder and A. Warén 1988 put the Velainellidae in the Loxonematoidea (Koken 1889) a superfamily in the Mesogastropoda, Earlier, J. B. Knight, et al., 1960 in the Treatise included the Velainellidae, with "Vellainella", in the Trochacea, as does Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005, but within the Archaeogastropoda. Trochacea is the original spelling for what is now Trochoidea.

</doc>
<doc id="19580982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580982" title="Tychobraheidae">
Tychobraheidae

Tychobraheidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea, the top shells and their allies, according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Tychobraheidae include: [http://paleodb.org/cgi-bin/bridge.pl?a=checkTaxonInfo&taxon_no=65313&is_real_user=0]

</doc>
<doc id="19580987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580987" title="John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew">
John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew

John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew is an Australian folk group formed in Adelaide in 2005. The band's name is taken from a line in Henry Lawson's poem "Knocking Around". Since it was founded a number of Australian musicians have been involved. The formation of the group marked the return of John Schumann, former Redgum frontman to regular performances and recording.
Recordings.
As of 2013, the band has released two albums. Both have consisted of either cover songs or poems set to music. The first, Lawson, was a collection of Henry Lawson poems put to music. This marked the first collaboration between John Schumann, Hugh McDonald, and Michael Atkinson since Schumann left Redgum back in 1986.
Their second album was Behind the Lines, an album based largely around the theme of Australians at war. It also featured Hugh McDonald, although Michael Atkinson did not participate.
Other activities.
The band provided the music for "Lawson", a one-man stage show by Max Cullen based on the life of Henry Lawson. They played in Vietnam to mark the 40th anniversary of the Battle of Long Tan, the most famous engagement involving Australians during the Vietnam war.
The group has played many concerts and festivals, especially around Anzac Day.
In December 2009 they visited East Timor to play for Australian and New Zealand troops stationed there and in September-October 2011 they played for Australian troops in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19580997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19580997" title="Proconulidae">
Proconulidae

Proconulidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marinegastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="19581004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581004" title="Microdomatidae">
Microdomatidae

Microdomatidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
This family consists of two following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera.
Genera within the family Microdomatidae include:
Subfamily Microdomatinae:
Subfamily Decorospirinae:
subfamily ?

</doc>
<doc id="19581014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581014" title="Eucochlidae">
Eucochlidae

Eucochlidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Trochoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Eucochlidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581062" title="Eucyclidae">
Eucyclidae

Eucyclidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Seguenzioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Eucyclidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581066" title="Tit Galop Pour Mamou">
Tit Galop Pour Mamou

Tit Galop Pour Mamou (English: either "Canter to Mamou" or "Giddy-Yap to Mamou") is a Cajun folk song with words and music by Dewey Balfa. The tune behind Joe South's "Games People Play" resembles the tune of "Tit Galop Pour Mamou" to some extent.
A recording of the song by Mamou Master was used on the soundtrack of the 1991 film Scorchers. The song was also recorded as the title cut of a 1992 album by Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys. 
The album was first released 1965 and is considered Volume 1. Volume 2 was released in 1974 however, in 1994, both were re-released as a double album set. 
Content.
The song’s narrator tells of a trip to the Louisiana town of Mamou, where he sells his mule and wagon for 15 cents to buy candies for children and sugar and coffee for older people. 

</doc>
<doc id="19581070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581070" title="Laubellidae">
Laubellidae

Laubellidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Laubellidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581097" title="Pavlodiscidae">
Pavlodiscidae

Pavlodiscidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.

</doc>
<doc id="19581104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581104" title="Discohelicidae">
Discohelicidae

Discohelicidae is an extinct family of sea snails with planispiral shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Discohelicidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581118" title="Cirridae">
Cirridae

Cirridae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Porcellioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
These snails date from the Mesozoic era, and are sinistral in their shell-coiling.
Taxonomy.
This family consists of three following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Genera and species.
Genera and species within the family "Cirridae" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581132" title="Porcelliidae">
Porcelliidae

Porcelliidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
This family consists of two following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):

</doc>
<doc id="19581168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581168" title="Uri Maklev">
Uri Maklev

Rabbi Yisrael Meir Uri Maklev (, born 10 January 1957) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for the Haredi party Degel HaTorah, which together with Agudat Yisrael forms the United Torah Judaism list.
Biography.
Maklev, a graduate of both Kol HaTorah Yeshiva and Ponivezh Yeshiva, served as a member of Jerusalem City Council and as Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem from 1993 to 2008. In this position he was a member of the municipality's executive, holding the education portfolio and sitting on the finance and education committees. He was also a member of the local planning and construction committee and the municipality's representative to Jerusalem's Sewage and Water Corporation.
On 31 July 2008, Maklev entered the Knesset on the basis of an internal party rotation agreement. Upon his entry, Degel HaTorah had three seats for the first time in its history.
He retained his seat in the 2009 elections after being placed fourth on the alliance's list.
He was attacked in Mea Shearim on 24 June 2010 as he emerged from a synagogue.
The two United Torah Judaism MKs (Uri Maklev and Moshe Gafni) had paid a visit to the Slonim rabbi, who lives in Mea Shearim and then entered a synagogue to pray. When they emerged they were set upon by young extremists from Neturei Karta who spat at them and assaulted them with stones, blows and a chair.
He is married with 5 children.

</doc>
<doc id="19581218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581218" title="Lemberan">
Lemberan

Lemberan or Lambaran or Lanbaran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19581252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581252" title="Abyssochrysidae">
Abyssochrysidae

Abyssochrysidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The family Abyssochrysidae was previously placed in the "Zygopleuroid group" (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
In 2008, the sister group Provannidae was moved into the superfamily Abyssochrysoidea Tomlin, 1927 by Kain et al and the family Abyssochrysidae was also moved into the superfamily Abyssochrysoidea.
Genera.
Genera within this family include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581266" title="Provannidae">
Provannidae

Provannidae is a family of deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfmaily Abyssochrysoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 and updated in 2008 by Kaim et al).
The genera "Provanna" and "Desbruyeresia" have smaller and slender shells, while the shells of "Alviniconcha" and "Ifremeria" are larger and swollen. The shells of these two last genera house a hypertrophied ctenidiumwith large quantities of symbiotic bacteria.
Habitat.
These snails are part of the fauna of the deep-sea hydrothermal vents, cold seeps, whale falls, and sunken driftwood environments.
Taxonomy.
The family Provaniidae was previously placed in the "Zygopleuroid group" (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Subsequently Provaniidae was placed in the superfamily Abyssochrysoidea Tomlin, 1927.
There are some affinities with the Littorinoidea as shown by molecular data and sperm ultrastructure 
Multi-gene analysis has shown that the family Provannidae is paraphyletic. It is being treated as belonging to the superfamily Abyssochrysoidea until a new family-level revision has been undertaken.
Genera.
Genera within the family Provannidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581323" title="Saint Mollerans GAA">
Saint Mollerans GAA

Saint Mollerans GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Carrick-Beg, County Waterford, Ireland. The club enters teams in both GAA codes each year, which includes two adult hurling teams and two adult Gaelic football team in the Waterford County Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19581324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581324" title="Proserpinellidae">
Proserpinellidae

Proserpinellidae is a taxonomic family of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Genera.
Genera within the family Proserpinellidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581337" title="Proserpinidae">
Proserpinidae

Proserpinidae is a taxonomic family of small land snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Genera.
Genera within the family Proserpinidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581353" title="Ecclesiastes (disambiguation)">
Ecclesiastes (disambiguation)

Ecclesiastes is a book of the Hebrew Bible. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19581355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581355" title="Gil Adamson">
Gil Adamson

Gil Adamson (born Gillian Adamson, 1 Jan 1961) is a Canadian writer. She won the Books in Canada First Novel Award in 2008 for her 2007 novel "The Outlander".
Adamson's first published work was "Primitive", a volume of poetry, in 1991. She followed up with the short story collection "Help Me, Jacques Cousteau" in 1995 and a second volume of poetry, "Ashland", in 2003, as well as multiple chapbooks and a commissioned fan biography of Gillian Anderson, "Mulder, It’s Me", which she coauthored with her sister-in-law Dawn Connolly in 1998. A selection of Adamson's poetry also appeared in the anthology "Surreal Estate: 13 Canadian Poets Under the Influence" (The Mercury Press, 2004). "The Outlander", a novel set in the Canadian West at the turn of the 20th century, was published by House of Anansi in the spring of 2007 and won the Hammett Prize that year. The novel was later selected for the 2009 edition of "Canada Reads", where it was championed by actor Nicholas Campbell.
Adamson currently lives in Toronto with poet Kevin Connolly.

</doc>
<doc id="19581357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581357" title="Phenacolepadidae">
Phenacolepadidae

Phenacolepadidae is a family of small sea snails or false limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005.
Although the shell shape of genera in this family is that of a limpet, the family is in fact closely related to the Neritidae, the nerites.
Genera and species.
Genera and species within the family Phenacolepadidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581362" title="Lenino, Azerbaijan">
Lenino, Azerbaijan

Lenino, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19581371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581371" title="Neritopsidae">
Neritopsidae

Neritopsidae is a family of small sea snails and freshwater snails in the clade Cycloneritimorpha (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The great majority of species within this family are only known as fossils. The few species which are extant are sometimes termed "living fossils". [http://www.mnhn.fr/museum/front/medias/publication/18145_z09n1a10.pdf]
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
This family consists of three following subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2007 taxonomy.
Bandel (2007) have established two new subfamilies. But he recognizes Naticopsinae at family level as Naticopsidae with newly created subfamilies in it.
Genera.
Genera within the family Neritopsidae include:
The only extant genera are "Neritopsis" and "Pluviostilla" from subfamily Neritopsinae.
Subfamily Neritopsinae
Subfamily † Naticopsinae
subfamily † Cassianopsinae - from Late Triassic
subfamily † Colubrellopsinae

</doc>
<doc id="19581376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581376" title="The Stephens-Black House">
The Stephens-Black House

The Stephens-Black House is a 19th-century house featured in Historic Richmond Town on Staten Island, New York City.
The deed to the Stephens-Black House suggests that its construction began shortly after 2 February 1837. It is located on a 25 by 100 foot plot at the corners of Center Street and Court Place. It was built in a modified Greek Revival style which is most apparent in the eyebrow windows located on the third level of the home. The main floor of the original structure included a side hall entry with two adjoining formal parlors. The second floor originally housed three large bedrooms. The third parlor was added onto the western side of the structure sometime after 1840. Two more bedrooms were the added above the third parlor. The basement of the structure houses both a functioning 1830's kitchen and what was once the home's dining room. The adjoining General Store was built as a series of additions between 1840 and 1870.
Stephen Dover Stephens, born in 1808, was the original owner. He owned the home and operated the store between 1837 and 1870. He was married to Elizabeth Johnson in 1829 at Saint Andrew's Church, which is also located in Richmondtown. Their five children Stephen Dover Jr., William James, Lucretia, Mary Elizabeth Jr, and Charlotte Ann were all baptized at that same church.
In 1870 both the home and the connected store were sold to Mary and Joseph Black. The Stephens family then moved up the road to the Stephens Prior House. Mr and Mrs. Stephens both resided there until their deaths in 1883. The Black family raised eleven children in the home and their family operated the store until 1926. In 1926 the remaining members of the Black family sold the store to Willet and Bertha Conner whom operated a post office in the store until the time of the Second World War. After which the house was separated into two apartments and rented until the mid-1960s when it became property of Historic Richmond Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19581417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581417" title="Wall Stadium (Doha)">
Wall Stadium (Doha)

The Wall (also nicknamed "The Laptop") is the world's first underground stadium, currently being constructed in Doha, Qatar.
Its design concept was created by the architecture firm MZ & Partners. At the moment the design is still in draft stage. A lawn and stand will be built in the basement of the stadium. It has an advantage of having fresh air beneath the feet, thus adding to the overall speed of the game as players are fresh throughout the game. Also due to the cashing on the ground the overall acoustics are improved as well. This is considered a revolutionary design.
With a capacity to seat 11000, construction of The Wall was due to be completed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19581435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581435" title="Mike Kungl">
Mike Kungl

Mike Kungl is an American painter of Disney Fine Art who has also worked as a graphic designer on many multinational advertising campaigns for companies like Panasonic, Johnson & Johnson, Toshiba, Sony, Warner Bros. Television and Bank of America.
Style.
Kungl has come a long way since when he used to "use the family sofa as his canvas and his mother's lipstick as his paint," but even then he knew he wanted to be an artist. Nowadays, he paints on canvas and admits to spending an inordinate amount of time designing the piece before actually beginning to paint it. So therefore, it is a prerequisite that he be very much excited about whatever it is he's working on: 
I strive to produce work that I'm personally going to have fun designing and painting...when it's complete, my goal is having the audience be just as entertained looking at it as I was creating it.
He also uses chrome and metallic elements to lend his paintings a certain Art Deco feel. He has mastered this technique so well that in 2002, Kungl was given the honor of creating the official artwork for Miami Beach's 25th Annual Art Deco Weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="19581446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581446" title="National Agricultural Cooperative Federation">
National Agricultural Cooperative Federation

The National Agricultural Cooperative Federation (NACF) was established in 1961 to enhance the social and economic status of its membership and to promote a balanced development of the national economy. Its role is divided into three areas: marketing and supply, banking and insurance, and extension services.
Terminology.
Although literally referring to local member cooperatives, the term "nonghyup" is used by South Koreans to describe both a local cooperative (Korean:농협) and the NACF (Korean: 농협중앙회).
Member cooperatives.
Member cooperatives are democratically controlled, autonomous business groups, funded by member subscriptions rather than government financial investment. They, in turn, fund the NACF through institutional subscriptions. Cooperatives are governed by directly elected presidents, who, in turn, elect a chairman of the federation.
Member farmers and associate members.
Member cooperatives allow non-farmers, who have invested a certain amount of capital into the cooperative, to open tax-free bank accounts and access some services. However, whereas member farmers are defined as the genuine owners or stakeholders, associate members can only obtain limited access to or influence over the cooperative.
As of December 2011, the number of the member farmers was 2,446,836 and the number of the associate members was 15,262,611. In 2010, these figures were 2,447,765 and 14,483,532, respectively, indicating a decline in member farmers of 929, and an increase in associate members of 779,079.
Number of cooperatives.
At the end of year 2011, the NACF comprised 1,167 head branches, alongside 3,306 cooperatives.
Korean agriculture.
Recent international agreements have affected South Korean agriculture and by extension the effectiveness of the NACF. These include the European Union–South Korea Free Trade Agreement, implemented in July 2011, and the Free trade agreement between the United States of America and the Republic of Korea, which took effect on 15 March 2012. Proposed agreements include the China–South Korea Free Trade Agreement, the official public hearing of which was held at the World Trade Center Seoul on 24 February 2012.
Concerns over free trade agreements are reflected in the uncertain trends in Korean agricultural production. Total production by the agricultural sector in 2011 was KRW 44.62 trillion, up by 7.1% from 2010 (KRW 41.68 trillion) and including a 8.5% increase in the livestock and dairy sector. Conversely, the Korea Rural Economic Institute (KREI) expects the total production of agricultural industries to decrease by 1.1% in 2012.
Operational restructuring.
On 2 March 2012, the NACF restructured its operations, establishing financial and marketing holding companies through the revised Agricultural Cooperative Law and a resolution of the board of directors on 2 February 2012. The new NACF performs as the center of the member cooperatives, governing the Extension and Support Unit, the Agricultural and Supply Business Unit, the Livestock Marketing and Supply Unit and the Cooperative Banking Unit.
Extension and support unit.
The NACF supports the operations and management activities of member cooperatives by providing education and training for their members and working to promote the rights of farmers. It also provides investments to develop and promote new agricultural technologies and products.
Marketing and supply units.
The NACF provides marketing support for the production, distribution, processing, and consumption of agricultural and livestock products, focusing particularly on increasing the income of farming households by expanding sales channels and reducing farming costs. This enables farmers to concentrate their efforts on farming.
Cooperative banking unit.
The banking unit unit serves as an intermediary and facilitator, providing loan and deposit services for member cooperatives and engaging in other incidental businesses. As of 2011, the total deposit is KRW 209 trillion and the total loan volume is KRW 146 trillion.
Subsidiaries and affiliated organizations.
Financial holding company.
The objective of the financial holding company and its subsidiaries is to secure the funds and revenues necessary for the intrinsic activities of the NACF, and to provide differentiated banking services to its customers. It offers diverse financial services such as deposits, loans credit cards, insurance, foreign exchange, and securities.
Marketing holding company.
The objective of the marketing holding company and its subsidiaries is to vitalize the marketing and supply of agricultural and livestock products through advanced expertise and efficient product distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19581453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581453" title="California Proposition 10 (2008)">
California Proposition 10 (2008)

California Proposition 10, also known as the California Alternative Fuels Initiative, was an unsuccessful initiated state statute that appeared on the November 2008 ballot in California. Proposition 10 was funded by Clean Energy Fuels Corp. a corporation owned by T. Boone Pickens. Clean Energy Fuels Corp. is the nation's leading operator of natural gas vehicle fueling stations. 
Proposition 10 was one of two ballot initiatives focusing on alternative fuels that appeared on the November 4, 2008 ballot in California. Both propositions were rejected by voters that day.
Proponents believe the proposal would have:
Provisions of the initiative.
The initiative authorizes $5 billion in bonds paid from state’s General Fund, allocated approximately as follows: 
Estimate of fiscal impact.
According to the government's fiscal analysis office, the initiative would entail:
Supporters.
Funding and Boone Pickens.
Reports filed through December 31, 2008 listed four major donors to the initiative:
On August 11, it was disclosed that U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is an investor in CEFC.,
Todd Campbell, Clean Energy's public policy director, in response to criticisms about CLNE sponsoring Prop. 10 because of potential benefits to the company told an '"Associated Press" reporter, "I don’t think it’s a given that Clean Energy is going to cash in. I wish it were that simple."
Arguments in favor of Prop. 10.
The main arguments offered in favor of Prop. 10 are:
Path to the ballot.
Prop. 10 was qualified for the ballot through a petition drive conducted by Progressive Campaigns, Inc., at a cost of $2,418,178 and Forde and Mollrich, which was paid $660,084 for signatures. The total signature cost was $3,078,263.
Newspaper endorsements.
Opposed to Prop. 10.
The Los Angeles Times editorialized against Prop. 10 on September 19, saying, "Spending bond money on something as intangible as privately owned vehicles is a terrible idea" The Santa Monica Mirror said, "Self-serving Prop. 10 sounds good, should lose".
The San Francisco Chronicle is opposed, writing, "The chief backer and bill payer for the measure is T. Boone Pickens, the folksy Texas oilman and apostle for energy independence who founded a firm that just happens to supply natural gas for cars and trucks".

</doc>
<doc id="19581487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581487" title="2009 Seattle Mariners season">
2009 Seattle Mariners season

The 2009 Seattle Mariners season was the 33rd season in franchise history. They improved upon a disappointing 2008 season, where they finished last in the American League West with a 61–101 record. They finished 3rd in the AL West with an 85–77 record, a 24 win improvement. The 2009 Mariners became the 13th team in MLB history to have a winning record following an 100+ loss season. On September 13, 2009, Ichiro got his 200th hit of the season. In the process, he set a new MLB record by getting at least 200 hits for nine consecutive seasons. He would break Wee Willie Keeler's record of eight consecutive seasons.
Overview.
Even before Opening Day, the season was marked with a flurry of change, most notably with the hiring of new general manager Jack Zduriencik, field manager Don Wakamatsu, and an entirely new major-league coaching staff. Unlike the previous season, which was approached with an expectation to contend for the AL West division title, the 2009 season has been approached with a rebuilding philosophy and a departure from the team-building strategies used in previous seasons. In January the Mariners unveiled their 2009 slogan, "A New Day, A New Way", to reflect their rebuilding philosophy. 
In terms of players, this season was marked by the free agency departure of outfielder Raúl Ibáñez, who signed with the Philadelphia Phillies, and the trade of closer J. J. Putz to the New York Mets. However, the offseason has been most notable for the acquisition of longtime Mariners outfielder Ken Griffey, Jr., nearly 10 years after trading him to the Cincinnati Reds. Other notable acquisitions have included outfielders Franklin Gutiérrez and Endy Chávez (both from the Putz trade), new closer David Aardsma (traded by Boston Red Sox) and long-time Kansas City Royals infielder Mike Sweeney (free agent).
This season also marks the 10th anniversary of Safeco Field, the Mariners' home stadium which opened its gates July 15, 1999.
Offseason.
Front office changes.
On June 16, 2008, then-general manager Bill Bavasi was dismissed after a disappointing 24–46 start, with vice president-assistant GM Lee Pelekoudas selected as his interim replacement. During the off-season, the Mariners began their search for a new general manager with several candidates to be interviewed including Pelekoudas himself. 
After an extensive search, the Mariners selected Milwaukee Brewers executive Jack Zduriencik, who was most notable for his drafting skills and credited with turning the Brewers into a playoff team, as their new general manager on October 22, 2008. Pelekoudas was retained as assistant GM, but resigned on September 1, 2009.
Coaching changes.
In addition to relieving GM Bill Bavasi of his duties, the Mariners also fired manager John McLaren on June 19, 2008. Bench coach Jim Riggleman was selected as the interim manager for the rest of the 2008 season. 
On November 19, 2008, the Mariners named Oakland Athletics bench coach Don Wakamatsu as their new manager. With the hiring, Wakamatsu becomes the first Asian-American manager in Major League Baseball. Wakamatsu then dismissed all of the coaching staff hired under the McLaren-Riggleman tenure, and hired Ty Van Burkleo as bench coach and Lee Tinsley as first base coach, while Rick Adair and John Wetteland were hired as the pitching and bullpen coaches respectively. Alan Cockrell was brought in as the new hitting coach.
Roster changes.
Key departures.
Raúl Ibáñez, who led the team in RBIs in 2008, signed a 3-year, $31.5 million deal with the Philadelphia Phillies after a five-year tenure with the Mariners. Ibáñez, who was a Type A free agent, allowed the Mariners to receive the Phillies' first round pick in the 2009 MLB draft and also a compensatory pick as well.
On December 10, in a three-team trade, Zduriencik sent former All-Star closer J. J. Putz, outfielder Jeremy Reed and pitcher Sean Green to the New York Mets and prospect Luis Valbuena to the Cleveland Indians, in exchange for a combined seven players from both teams, most notably the Indians' Franklin Gutiérrez and the Mets' Endy Chávez.
On July 10, the Mariners sent shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt to the Kansas City Royals in exchange for two minor-league pitchers.
Key additions.
The Mariners made numerous additions in free agency, adding over 17 players to the team. On December 3, the Mariners made their first move in the offseason by signing 1B Russell Branyan to a one-year deal. Branyan was one of the players that Zdurienck saw potential in during his time with the Brewers. Mike Sweeney, formerly a fan favorite and leader in the Royals organization, was signed as well to a minor-league deal.
Next, the Mariners received 7 players in the three team trade "(see above)" that netted them outfielders Endy Chávez and Franklin Gutierrez, pitcher Aaron Heilman, and four other minor leaguers including prospect Mike Carp and pitcher Jason Vargas. Heilman, however, would be traded to the Chicago Cubs almost a month later, in exchange for utility player Ronny Cedeño and pitcher Garrett Olson.
Seattle also traded for pitcher David Aardsma from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for a minor leaguer.
Griffey's return.
Perhaps the biggest move in the offseason, however, was the signing of former Mariner Ken Griffey, Jr. to a 1-year deal. Griffey, who was known as the man who "saved baseball in Seattle", received a warm welcome and a fifteen-minute presentation that applauds his tenure as a Mariner when his former team, the Cincinnati Reds, visited Safeco Field in 2007. Surprised by the reaction, Griffey explored the possibility of a return in Seattle. The Mariners reportedly were trying to negotiate with Griffey until the Atlanta Braves also want to sign him as well. Griffey was inclined to sign with Atlanta due to the proximity from his home, but choose to instead return to Seattle. Most, if not all, Mariners fans were ecstatic about the news, and orders of Griffey jerseys were off the charts.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
"Through July 21, 2009"
Pitching.
Starting pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; GS = Games started (for pitchers who did not start every appearance); IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"
"Through July 21, 2009"
Relief pitchers.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; SVO = Save opportunities; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"
"Through July 21, 2009"
Team totals.
"Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; SVO = Save opportunities; CG = Complete games; SHO = Shutouts; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts"
"Through June 1, 2009"
Farm system.
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: AZL Mariners

</doc>
<doc id="19581496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581496" title="David Jeans">
David Jeans

David Jeans (born 10 October 1974), known as Jeansy, is a Scottish drummer. Born in Edinburgh, David has played drums with The Complete Stone Roses, The Zephyrs and Arab Strap.
Biography.
David began playing drums from an early age, and was taught by his grandfather who was a very skilled drummer, he started playing live in various covers bands. From 1993 he studied music in Perth under Ronny Goodman. Between 1993 and 1995 he played drums in The Artisans. In October 1998, David took a full-time job with The Complete Stone Roses, a The Stone Roses tribute act. He toured with the band throughout the UK and Ireland, with Gary "Mani" Mounfield from the original band, until August 2001. In early 2002, David was asked by old school friends David and Stuart Nicol to join their band The Zephyrs, going on to play live with the band, and drumming on the album "A Year to the Day" (2004). In the summer of 2003, David was asked to play drums with Arab Strap on their international tour. David also played on the band's final album "The Last Romance" (2005).
He is now teaching drumming to people of all ages after Arabstrap split up

</doc>
<doc id="19581502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581502" title="Treasure House">
Treasure House

The Treasure House, in Staten Island, NYC, USA, dates to about 1700 with additions in 1740, 1790 and 1860. Samuel Grasset, a tanner and leather worker, built the original section of the house. A cord wainer (shoemaker), inn-keeper, stonemason, and coach trimmer were all later owners of the house in subsequent centuries, as well as a number of local businesses occupying the structure. The house was named after a legend that a cache of American Revolutionary War era gold coins was discovered during renovation in about 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="19581508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581508" title="List of Australians by net worth">
List of Australians by net worth

A list of the richest people in Australia is compiled by both "Forbes Asia" magazine and "Business Review Weekly". The lists assess the net worth of individuals (and families in the case of "BRW") and are published on an annual basis in February and May respectively.
For the list compiled by the "BRW", see BRW Rich 200.
The table below is the list compiled by "Forbes Asia", comparing movement from the previous year:

</doc>
<doc id="19581511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581511" title="Peptization">
Peptization

Peptization is the process responsible for the formation of stable dispersion of colloidal particles in dispersion medium. In other words it may be defined as a process of converting a precipitate into colloidal sol by shaking it with dispersion medium in the presence of small amount of electrolyte. The electrolyte used in this process is called as peptizing agent. 
This is particularly important in colloid chemistry or for precipitation reactions in an aqueous solution. When colloidal particles bear a same sign electric charge, they mutually repel each other and cannot aggregate together. Freshly precipitated aluminium or iron hydroxide is extremely difficult to filter because the very fine colloidal particles directly pass through a paper filter. To facilitate the filtration, the colloidal suspension must be first flocculated by adding a concentrated solution of salt to the system. Multivalent cations are more efficient flocculants than monovalent cations: AlCl3 > CaCl2 > NaCl. The electrical charges present at the surface of the particles are so ""neutralised"" and disappear. More correctly speaking, the electrical double layer existing at the surface of the particles is compressed by the added electrolyte and collapses at high ionic strength. The electrical repulsion no longer hinders the aggregation of particles and they can then coalesce to form a flocculent precipitate that is easy to filter. If the precipitate is washed with an excessive volume of deionised water, the electrical double layer present at the surface of the particles expands again and the electrical repulsion reappears: the precipitate peptizes and the particles pass again through the filter. 
Peptization is also used in nanoparticle synthesis to make a large grouping of particles split into many primary particles. This is done by changing the surface properties, applying a charge, or by adding a surfactant. 
In the synthesis of titania (titanium dioxide) nanoparticles, peptization involves adsorption of quaternary ammonium cation on the titania surface. This causes the surface to become positively charged. Electrostatic repulsion of the primary particles in the agglomerated titania breaks up the agglomerate into primary particles.
Antonym.
Flocculation is the process inverse of peptization.

</doc>
<doc id="19581528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581528" title="Craspedopomatidae">
Craspedopomatidae

Craspedopomatidae is a family of very small land snails with a gill and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family is not to be confused with the family of fossil sea snails with a similar name, Craspedostomatidae.
Genera.
Genera in this family include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581531" title="Lindsay Robertson (photographer)">
Lindsay Robertson (photographer)

Lindsay Robertson is a Scottish photographer, who is best known as the only British artist to have exhibited alongside Ansel Adams. Inspired by the conservationist John Muir, he has worked for 35 years as a professional photographer, producing mainly monochrome images of large deserted US and UK landscapes which draw influence from Adams, and Scottish landscape photography pioneer John Muir. Robertson claims his photography is concerned with capturing "a moment in our time".

</doc>
<doc id="19581559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581559" title="Driven (2008)">
Driven (2008)

Driven (2008) was the second annual Driven professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor. It aired on pay-per-view on November 14, 2008 and took place at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19581566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581566" title="Antti Siirala">
Antti Siirala

Antti Siirala (born 16 May 1979 in Helsinki) is a Finnish pianist.
Antti Siirala’s international career was launched when he won First Prize in the 10th Vienna Beethoven competition as the youngest contestant, receiving the special award for the best performance of a late Beethoven sonata (op. 106 “Hammerklavier”). Subsequently he was awarded First Prize in the London International Piano Competition 2000, the Dublin International Piano Competition (with unanimous jury votes and a special prize for the best Mozart performance) and the Leeds International Piano Competition in 2003 (and the audience prize voted by viewers and listeners to the BBC broadcasts and the live audience in Leeds Town Hall).
Siirala’s debut in Brussels in December 2004 was a matchless success. Due to illness the conductor had to cancel on very short notice. Siirala agreed to lead the orchestra from the piano and saved the whole concert by playing in the second half Beethoven’s Diabelli variations in place of the orchestra. Immediately he was re-invited for concerts with the Orchestre National and for a recital by the Palais des Beaux Arts.
Standing in for sickened Emanuel Ax in February 2005, Siirala gave a sensational debut recital at the Cologne Philharmonie. According to the newspaper Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger “His recital will be remembered as one of the most outstanding events of this season”. Stepping in for indisposed famous colleagues seemed to be his brand mark throughout the season 2006/07: whether replacing Hélène Grimaud for concerts with the SWR-Sinfonieorchester Freiburg/Baden-Baden under Gielen with his musically expressive but symphonic interpretation of Brahms’ 2nd piano concerto, or Ivo Pogorelich at the Schumannfest Düsseldorf, Michail Pletnev at the Maggio Musicale or Yefim Bronfman with the Bamberg Symphony under Blomstedt, playing Brahms’ 1st piano concerto: everywhere press and audience were enthusiastic about his playing. Blomstedt even invited him to join him at the Baltic Sea Festival the same season and the Bamberg Symphony re-invited him to come back for four concerts with his compatriot Pietari Inkinen in November 2007.
Highlights of the season 2009/2010, for instance, were concerts with the WDR Sinfonieorchester Köln under Semyon Bychkov and the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra. In October 2009 Antti Siirala gave his celebrated debut with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra under Osmo Vänskä and was re-invited immediately. In April 2010 he performed as one of four pianists (next to P. L. Aimard, Lang Lang and M. Helmchen) in the piano series of the Berliner Philharmoniker. In August 2010 Antti Siirala played with the Mostly Mozart Orchestra under Osmo Vänskä at Lincoln Center New York.
Antti Siirala’s debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra under Salonen at the sold out 2010/11 opening concert of the Konzerthaus Dortmund was a great success and was celebrated by the audience with standing ovations. In April 2011 Siirala will also make his debut with the Tonhalle Orchestra Zurich under the baton of Xian Zhang.
Antti Siirala works with many renowned conductors, among them Paavo Berglund, Herbert Blomstedt, Michael Boder, Semyon Bychkov, Stéphane Denève, Thierry Fischer, Mikko Franck, Michael Gielen, Miguel Harth-Bedoya, Pietari Inkinen, Kristjan Järvi, Neeme Järvi, Fabio Luisi, Susanna Mälkki, Gerhard Markson, Sakari Oramo, Eiji Oue, François-Xavier Roth, Yutaka Sado, Esa-Pekka Salonen, Jukka-Pekka Saraste, Lan Shui, Stefan Solyom, Osmo Vänskä, Mario Venzago, Hugh Wolff and Xian Zhang.
Siirala is and was invited to play with orchestras like Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin, Bamberger Symphoniker, Bochumer Symphoniker, hr-sinfonieorchester Frankfurt, Museumsorchester Frankfurt, SWR Sinfonieorchester Freiburg und Baden-Baden, NDR Radiophilharmonie Hannover, Gürzenich-Orchester Köln, WDR Sinfonieorchester Köln, Staatsphilharmonie Rheinland-Pfalz, Tonhalle-Orchester Zürich, Wiener Symphoniker, Tonkünstlerorchester Wien, Orchestre National de Belgique, Orchestre National de Lille, City of Birmingham Symphony, Liverpool Philharmonic, BBC Symphony London, Royal Scottish National Orchestra, Irish National Symphony, Orchestra del Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, Residentie Orkest Den Haag, Iceland Symphony Orchestra, Swedish National Orchestra, Swedish Radio Symphony, Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, Sinfonia Varsovia, St. Petersburger Symphoniker, Estonian National Symphony, Detroit Symphony, New Jersey Symphony, Singapore Symphony Orchestra, Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra, Hiroshima Symphony Orchestra, New Japan Philharmonic Orchestra, Yomiuri Nippon Symphony Orchestra as well as with the orchestras of Melbourne and Queensland. 
Major milestones on his steadily rising path of success were his recitals at the Lucerne Festival, Klavier-Festival Ruhr, Heidelberger Frühling, Schumannfest Düsseldorf, Europäische Wochen Passau and at the Festivals of Bolzano, Bath and Kilkenny, Moritzburg as well as at the Cologne Philharmonie, Konzerthaus Dortmund, in Hannover Homburg/Saar, Mainz, Leverkusen, Wuppertal, London’s Wigmore Hall, Concertgebouw Amsterdam, Tonhalle Zurich, Brussels, Aix-les-Bains, Porto, Milano, Imola, Detroit and at the Metropolitan Museum in New York. For a period of 3 years Antti Siirala was one of the artists in residence of the Konzerthaus Dortmund as part of the ‘Junge Wilde’ series. 
His debut recording of Schubert transcriptions for NAXOS received excellent press reviews. For his recording of works by Brahms for ONDINE, he received 6 points out of 6 in the category interpretation from the Piano News magazine. For both recordings Siirala received the Gramophone Magazine's Editor's Choice award.
Beethoven and Brahms are at the core of Siirala’s repertoire, but his interest in contemporary music has resulted in first performances of works by Walter Gieseler, Kuldar Sink, Uljas Pulkkis and the premiere of the new piano concerto by Kalevi Aho. Kaja Saariaho’s first work for piano solo, “Balladen”, is part of his recital programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19581578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581578" title="ROH Driven">
ROH Driven

ROH Driven is a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by Ring of Honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19581584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581584" title="Findlay Airport">
Findlay Airport

Findlay Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.6 km) southwest of the central business district of Findlay, a city in Hancock County, Ohio, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Findlay Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 813 feet (248 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 7/25 with a 5,883 by 100 ft (1,793 x 30 m) asphalt pavement and 18/36 with a 6,498 by 100 feet (1,981 x 30 m) an asphalt surface. For the 12-month period ending October 18, 2006, the airport had 19,800 aircraft operations, an average of 54 per day: 96% general aviation, 2% air taxi and 2% military. At that time there were 27 aircraft based at this airport: 74% single-engine, 7% multi-engine, 15% jet and 4% helicopter.

</doc>
<doc id="19581599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581599" title="Superdude">
Superdude

Superdude or Super Dude may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19581609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581609" title="Xu Yang (footballer born 1987)">
Xu Yang (footballer born 1987)

Xu Yang (born on June 18, 1987 in Shandong) he is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Henan Jianye in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Xu Yang graduated from the Shandong Luneng youth team in 2006 after playing for their various youth teams that trained in Serbia and would soon join a third tier Serbian club in FK Beograd for the second part of the 2006-07 season. However his time in the senior team was to prove extremely frustrating after he was unable to immediately break into the squad. Shandong Luneng were willing to let Xu Yang transfer to Henan Jianye in 2008 where he would make his debut against Changsha Ginde F.C. on 7 September 2008 in a 1-0 loss. Xu Yang would nevertheless quickly established himself within the squad and eventually play in 13 league games throughout the 2008 league season.
International career.
A promising youngster Xu Yang would be called in Gao Hongbo's first National squad. He would make his debut against Iran in a friendly, which China won 1-0 on 1 June 2009, where Xu Yang played as a left winger throughout the game

</doc>
<doc id="19581635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581635" title="Tilpa, New South Wales">
Tilpa, New South Wales

Tilpa is a town in the Far West region of New South Wales, Australia. The town is located on the Darling River, in the Central Darling Shire local government area, north west of the state capital, Sydney. 
At the 2006 census, Tilpa and the large surrounding area had a population of 159. The town itself is said to have a population of only nine.
The Darling River at Tilpa has erratic flows and is often dry in periods of drought. However floods in 1956 saw the Darling River span at its widest, isolating Tilpa for five months.
History.
In its heyday, Tilpa was an important river port with paddle steamers delivering supplies to nearby sheep stations and returning down river laden with bales of wool. The wool was taken to Wentworth—at the confluence of the Darling and Murray Rivers—and then either to Adelaide or to Echuca for passage to the port at Melbourne. The town was home to a punt, allowing sheep, horses and people to cross the Darling River safely, for a fee. The punt has since been replaced by a bridge. The photo on the right dates it to after 1963 as that is when the bridge was completed.
Culture.
The local pub—the Tilpa Hotel—was built over 100 years ago. A timber and corrugated iron building, the inside walls are covered in messages and autographs placed by visitors in return for a donation to the Royal Flying Doctor Service. A feature of the town is a Boer War memorial in Australia that includes a commemorative to Harry "Breaker" Morant, who was controversially executed by the British Army for murdering Boer prisoners. The town also claims to have the smallest heritage trail in Australia (two signs across the street from each other) and the only cemetery in Australia with no interments.
Economy.
Tilpa is mainly an agricultural area, with sheep grazing the primary activity, and some pockets of irrigated land along the river. Tourism, including farmstay programs on local stations, is the other major local industry. Fishing and camping are popular along the river. The prolonged drought in 2007 saw Tilpa run out of potable water. A Sydney-based company has offered to trial a portable water filtration plant to improve the quality of both the river and bore water.

</doc>
<doc id="19581688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581688" title="Mikirō Sasaki">
Mikirō Sasaki

Mikirō Sasaki (佐々木幹郎), also Mikio Sasaki, (b. 20 October 1947) is a Japanese poet and travel author, winner of the 2003 Yomiuri Prize for travel essays. Sasaki won the award for his book "Ajia kaidō kikō: umi wa toshi de aru (A Travel Journal of the Asian Seaboard, 2002)". He has published more than a score of poetry collections and travel books. His "Demented flute: selected poems, 1967-1986" was published in English in 1988. Sasaki now lives in a mountain lodge in Nara Prefecture.
Sasaki was born in Minamikawachi District, Osaka, Japan. He grew up in Fujiidera, attending Fujiidera Elementary School, Osaka Municipal Hannan Junior High School, and Osaka Municipal Senior High School. He was enrolled at Doshisha University in Kyoto, majoring in philosophy. While there he wrote for the college poetry magazine "Moby Dick", and his first collection of poems was published in 1970 while he was still in college. However, he dropped out before completing his degree.
In 1976, Sasaki wrote a script for independent film producer, Cinema NESANSU, about the friendship of the poet Chūya Nakahara and the critic Hideo Kobayashi. It was called "Honey Sleep" and was directed by Wataru Hisashi Iwasa. Since then he has written a number of screenplays, including a 1990 script for NHK (Japan Broadcasting Corporation) television which won a special award at the Golden Prague International Television Festival (Mezinárodni Televizni Festival Zlatá Praha).
Sasaki has travelled widely. In 1984 he was a visiting poet at Oakland University in Michigan, and in Auckland in New Zealand. In 1988, he travelled to Nepal, Tibet and Shanghai. His travelogues and poetic style introduced many in Japan to both the wonders of the Himalayas, and the modern, and very different, culture of the largest city in China. He has been active in the field of collaborative poetry, writing renshi under the guidance of Makoto Ooka.
Professionally, he was the senior editor of the collected works of Chūya Nakahara, which were published 2000-2004, and he lectured at various liberal arts and music colleges and universities through 2007. Sasaki sat for several years on the selection committee for the Chuya Nakahara Prize. He is also an accomplished photographer.

</doc>
<doc id="19581741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581741" title="T-80 models">
T-80 models

List of models and variants of the T-80 main battle tank.

</doc>
<doc id="19581767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581767" title="Crook as Rookwood">
Crook as Rookwood

Crook as Rookwood is a 2005 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Chris Nyst.

</doc>
<doc id="19581769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581769" title="Maizaniidae">
Maizaniidae

Maizaniidae is a family of minute land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
Genera within the family "Maizaniidae" include:
Other genera are:

</doc>
<doc id="19581782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581782" title="Pupinidae">
Pupinidae

Pupinidae is a taxonomic family of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Distribution.
The distribution of the family Pupinidae includes the Himalayas, Assam, Myanmar, peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra, Borneo, Philippines, Vietnam, Thailand, Australia, Melanesia, Micronesia and Papua New Guinea.
Taxonomy.
Subfamilies and genera within the family Pupinidae include (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
Pupininae L. Pfeiffer, 1853
Liareinae Powell, 1946 - synonym: Cytoidae Climo, 1969 (n.a.) = not available name
Pupinellinae Kobelt, 1902 - synonyms: Ventriculidae Wenz, 1915, Pollicariini Thiele, 1929
subfamily ?
Ecology.
These snails live in wet forests in leaf litter.

</doc>
<doc id="19581798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581798" title="Quickfield">
Quickfield

QuickField is a finite element analysis software package running on Windows platforms. It is developed and distributed by Tera Analysis Ltd. QuickField is available as a commercial program or as a free Student Edition with limited functionality. Main applications include computer simulations of electromagnetic fields for scientific and industrial purposes, and use as a teaching aid in the college and university electromagnetic or physics courses.

</doc>
<doc id="19581805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581805" title="Church of Our Lady of Good Hope">
Church of Our Lady of Good Hope

The Church of Our Lady of Good Hope is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style Roman Catholic church building located on a bluff overlooking the Mackenzie River in Fort Good Hope, Northwest Territories, Canada. Only 45 feet by 25 feet in size, it was built between 1865 and 1885 as a mission of the Oblate Fathers. Father Émile Petitot, "renowned ethnologist, linguist and geographer of the Canadian northwest" was a resident of the mission from 1864 to 1878.
The building's simple exterior, with its wooden siding, steep pitched roof, lancet windows and lancet entranceway under a steepled bell tower, make it a rather plain example of Carpenter Gothic style architecture, which belies the extraordinary painted decoration of its interior.
The Church of Our Lady of Good Hope was designated a National Historic Site of Canada on June 6, 1977. The designation does not include the historic cemetery located to the left of the church building.

</doc>
<doc id="19581813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581813" title="Dual (Heroes)">
Dual (Heroes)

"Dual" is the thirteenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and forty-seventh episode overall. The episode aired on December 15, 2008, as the conclusion to the "Volume 3: Villains" storyline. The episode, which was originally titled "War", is the final episode of the "Villains" story arc, and was the last episode to be written and produced by Jeph Loeb prior to his departure from "Heroes" in November 2008.
Plot.
At Pinehearst, Peter explains to Nathan that Sylar killed their father and it was the only way to stop his plan. Nathan reveals that he has taken over and warns Peter to stay out of the way, causing Peter to knock him unconscious. He then goes to destroy Mohinder's Pinehearst laboratory and all of the newly created formula.
Elsewhere, Ando, Daphne, and Matt go to Mohinder’s laboratory so that Ando can take the formula, gain the ability to travel through time and rescue a stranded Hiro. Unfortunately, Mohinder is at Pinehearst, so Daphne goes there to steal the formula. 
At Pinehearst, Mohinder himself has discovered that his infection has spread to his lungs and his only hope of a cure is to take the formula. He is interrupted when Peter arrives to destroy the formula. During their discussion, Daphne steals a tube of formula from Mohinder's hand, which causes the pair to fight. Flint and Knox arrive to destroy the lab, rescuing Peter in the process. Flint explains that if other people gain powers they will become less special. Knox leaves to guard Nathan whilst Flint pins down Mohinder. 
Upstairs, Scott wakes Nathan up and tells him he was the only Marine injected with the formula but Knox arrives and breaks Scott's neck. Eventually, Nathan fights Knox until Tracy arrives and saves him, killing Knox. She tries to persuade Nathan to leave before it's too late. He fires her and leaves.
Daphne returns to Mohinder’s old laboratory with the formula. Matt points out Ando could get any number of powers but Daphne points out she wanted to run and gained the ability to run. Matt worried about what people thought about him, and gained telepathy. Ando injects himself and then passes out. Upon awakening, he tries to travel in time but fails. In his frustration, he hits a table causing a red glow, which he cannot control. When Matt touches him, his telepathy powers get stronger, allowing him to hear thousands of voices. Daphne then touches him, and disappears, re-appearing moments earlier, something Matt explains is due to travelling faster than the speed of light. He goes on to point out that Ando's power is actually an ability supercharger and will allow them to go back in time to rescue Hiro. 
In the past, Hiro climbs off the flagpole. He goes downstairs and finds Young Hiro holding the healed dove, and mourning the death of his mother. Hiro asks Young Hiro for his help finding a piece of paper with numbers and figures: the formula. He promises Young Hiro he can save tomorrow and Young Hiro agrees. They manage to get into the safe, taking the formula, when Kaito catches them. He sends Young Hiro to bed and attacks Hiro with a sword. Hiro rips the formula in half and is rescued by Daphne and Ando before Kaito can kill him. Unfortunately, Hiro dropped the two halves of the formula in the past and Kaito retrieves them. 
Daphne returns Ando and Hiro to the present. Ando explains that he now has powers and Hiro says that he was about to destroy the formula. Daphne takes Hiro to Pinehearst to retrieve it in the present. They arrive to find Tracy has frozen open Arthur’s safe and has the formula. Hiro forcibly takes the formula, knocking Tracy out when she insults him. 
At Pinehearst, Peter is demolishing the laboratory and Mohinder warns him that the formula is highly combustible, before Flint throws him against a wall, stunning him. Flint and Peter tip over the main tank of formula, which spills over Mohinder and wakes him up. His mutated skin fades away while Flint prepares to blow the place up. Peter wants to get the people out, but Flint says he doesn’t care. Nathan hits him over the head, stunning him, and then punches Peter and knocks his legs out from under him. Flint wakes up and ignites the puddles of formula, setting the lab ablaze. Peter grabs a dose of the formula and injects himself, partially restoring his powers, he then flies with Nathan into the sky just as the laboratory explodes. 
At Primatech, Noah, Angela, Claire and Meredith discover that the security guards are dead and the building is on emergency lockdown. Sylar tells them over the loudspeakers that he's killed Arthur and that he's now going to show them that they are all monsters like him. The group arms themselves and split up to find Sylar. 
Claire and Angela enter the study, while Noah and Meredith reach the surveillance room. Sylar informs them that they’re not hunting him: he’s hunting them. He offers Claire a chance to escape with Noah and Meredith if she kills Angela. When Claire refuses, Sylar tells her to talk to Noah about how he and Elle turned him into a monster. After considering Angela for a brief moment, Claire cocks the shotgun and shoots the intercom instead, and she labels Sylar as the true monster.
Meanwhile, Noah releases Eric Doyle, Danny Pine, and Echo DeMille from Level 5. Noah tells them that he’ll let the person who kills Sylar walk free, and Sylar will kill them if they try to escape. As they leave, Meredith warns they don’t stand a chance, and Noah explains that they’ll work as bait. 
Meredith makes her way through the hallways and finds Danny Pine’s severed, partially metallic arm. Sylar appears behind Meredith and telekinetically throws away Meredith’s gun. Eric Doyle appears and takes control of Sylar before Sylar overpowers him, leaving him lying on the ground bleeding from his nose. He then injects Meredith with adrenaline. 
Noah finds Echo DeMille dead and Meredith in a cell, flaming out of control. Noah joins her, setting down his gun, when Sylar removes the clip (leaving one bullet) and shuts them in. He tells Noah to make a choice, Meredith's life or his own. 
Sylar transmits an image of Noah and Meredith to Claire. Angela warns her that Sylar wants them to go down there but Claire doesn’t care. They make their way down the hallway but Sylar abducts Angela and then ambushes Claire. Claire runs away to the cell, where she finds Sylar has ripped out the keypad. Noah tells Meredith to concentrate her heat in her hands and press her hands to the glass. Noah then uses his bullet on the now weakened glass, which cracks and Claire uses her weight to break through. Claire and Noah go after Sylar, promising to return for Meredith. 
Sylar confronts Angela, who tells him that he’s a hero for killing Arthur and saving the world. He asks if she’s his mother, telling her that he will know if she is lying, so she admits she’s not his mother. She explains she needed him to work for the Company and saw him as a killer and a monster that could be manipulated. He starts choking her and she says she knows who his real parents are. Before Angela can tell him, Claire comes up behind Sylar and stabs him in the back of the head with a piece of glass. An alarm goes off and Noah arrives and says they need to leave now. Claire tells her father to get Angela out and goes to see Meredith. Meredith is blazing out of control and tells her to go, and Noah arrives to tell her she has to leave. They leave Meredith behind. And run out of the hallway as flames sweep through the building. 
"Volume Three" ends with a narration by Mohinder, overlapped with images of the surviving characters. Peter drops Nathan to the ground, and Nathan asks why Peter saved him. Peter insists he loves him and Nathan says it isn’t what he would have done. Mohinder is walking down the highway and a car pulls over to pick him up. He sees himself reflected in a car window, restored to normal. Tracy opens the door and implies he should get in. Hiro and Daphne return to Mohinder’s old laboratory and Hiro tears up the formula. Matt and Daphne embrace, and Hiro and Ando bow to each other. Matt looks up and sees a vision of Usutu looking on. Claire, Noah, and Angela watch the Company Headquarters of Primatech burn, and Claire cries, knowing Meredith is still inside. The main idea to the ending of this volume is that both companies that "helped" those with powers are gone, and with the title 'Fugitives' for the next volume, those with powers may be hunted.
Volume Four: "Fugitives".
"Volume Four" begins three weeks later. Nathan meets with someone in a limousine in Washington, D.C. Nathan says their only option is to get the U.S. government involved. The other man is going over files of Tracy, Micah Sanders, Mohinder, Matt, and Hiro telling him there are many others with powers. Nathan says all the evidence the man needs is there, and he wants to put them in a facility where they won’t be a danger to anyone. The man agrees to get them whatever they need. Nathan gets out and says, “Thank you, Mr. President.” The camera then pans out to reveal the President, portrayed by Michael Dorn.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a D.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 6.6 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19581820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581820" title="Our Father (Heroes)">
Our Father (Heroes)

"Our Father" is the 12th episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes". The episode aired on December 8, 2008.
Plot.
Hiro and Claire witness Kaito's past self giving her as a baby to Noah Bennet and after hearing his mother's voice, Hiro runs inside to see her. He witnesses his mother healing a sick dove and realizes that she has the power of healing and may be able to restore his memories with it. The two witness a conversation where Kaito and Ishi converse in English so Hiro can't understand them where it's revealed that Ishi Nakamaura was the catalyst before Claire and while she wants to give it to Hiro as she's dying, Kaito thinks he's too irresponsible and plans to give it to baby Claire. Claire goes to stop her parents from allowing her to get the catalyst while Hiro goes to get his mother to heal him and give his memories back.
In the present Sylar immolates Elle's dead body and plans to use the list of evolved humans in her cell phone as a new list for him to track down and steal powers from. Sylar kills a woman named Sue Landers and steals her power of lie detection in order to find out if Arthur and Angela really are his parents after all.
At The Company Angela gives Peter a gun and tells him to go with The Haitian and kill Arthur by shooting him through the head, the only thing that can kill him. Peter is reluctant but both The Haitian and Angela tell him that killing Arthur is the only way as he's too powerful to be contained and he reluctantly agrees.
At Pinehearst Nathan arrives to take over saying he's willing to help but wants to be in charge, a clause which Arthur reluctantly agrees to. Nathan speaks with a Marine named Scott who's one of the people intended to receive the formula and learns his motivations for volunteering.
Sixteen years in the past, Claire, pretending to be "Bonnie, the neighbors' niece", helps a younger Sandra care for her past self only to be found out by Noah, who knows the neighbors have no niece. Claire tells him that she is there to protect the family and tells him enough about the future and how much he is going to care for her to convince him not to take the phone call that results in her becoming the catalyst. When Claire mentions the baby is Noah's "Claire Bear," Noah suspects that "Bonnie" is the baby Claire all grown up and, finally trusting Present Claire, hangs up the phone.
Hiro tries to make his mother tamagoyaki to eat after being mistaken for a chef, but when he doesn't know how to make what she wants, he makes her waffles. During a conversation with her he convinces her of his identity and she agrees to try to use her power to restore his memories. She is successful and Hiro gets his memories back. Hiro convinces her to give him the catalyst as well and, after she does, she dies.
Hiro and Claire reunite on the roof, but Arthur arrives and steals Hiro's power and the catalyst before throwing him off the building. Arthur sends Claire back to her time telling her to deliver a message to Angela that he won, then teleports back to Pinehearst where he adds the catalyst to a vat of formula. We then see that Hiro managed to catch a flagpole while falling, and has survived.
In New York Matt, Ando, and Daphne try to get Isaac's sketchbook. After the bike messenger manager runs away, they get it and find the outline for a story revealing that Hiro will be lost in time. Ando, Daphne, and Matt decide to use the formula to make another time traveler to rescue Hiro. Ando plans to be that time traveler, but needs to figure out how to find the formula and gain the power.
As Mohinder injects Scott to test the formula, Arthur senses a disturbance and goes to his office to find Peter waiting for him. He tries to disarm him, but his powers are blocked by The Haitian who's also there, but Arthur's too powerful for The Haitian to block for long and he urges Peter to shoot Arthur. Arthur tries to entice Peter into changing sides by promising to use the formula to restore his powers, but Peter refuses and fires when Arthur insults him. Arthur gains back his powers at that moment and slashes Peter's cheek, but misses the bullet and is only saved by the intervention of Sylar, who stops the bullet in mid-air. Sylar again asks if Arthur is his father. When Arthur says, "Yes," Sylar determines that he's lying. Sylar telekinetically drives the bullet along its original trajectory, striking Arthur through the head and killing him. The catalyst leaves Arthur's body while Peter stands over him, fading away. Sylar leaves Peter alone saying Peter no longer has anything he wants. Peter sends the Haitian after Sylar.
In the lab, the test proves to be a success and Scott gets the power of super-strength.
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a B.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 8.4 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19581821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581821" title="Donald Harkness">
Donald Harkness

Donald Peter Harkness (born 1931) is a former cricketer who played 13 first-class matches for Worcestershire in 1954.
The highlight of Harkness' short career came against Cambridge University in late June 1954, when he hit 163, by a long way his highest score in first-class cricket. Worcestershire nevertheless lost the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19581827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581827" title="Minister of Finance (Angola)">
Minister of Finance (Angola)

This page list Angolas finance ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="19581846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581846" title="Saxer Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Saxer Avenue (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Saxer Avenue is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is officially located near Saxer Avenue and Rolling Road in Springfield, Pennsylvania. Rolling Road overlaps Saxer Avenue one block north of the station, before continuing along the northwest side of the tracks, and the south end of this concurrency is across the tracks from this station.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof on the south side of the tracks where people can go inside when it is raining. No parking or bus service is available at this stop. While the south side of the tracks contain local businesses on Saxer Avenue, the north side is almost entirely residential.

</doc>
<doc id="19581855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581855" title="Megalomastomatidae">
Megalomastomatidae

Megalomastomatidae is a family of tropical land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Megalomastomatidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19581864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581864" title="Orang Kuala">
Orang Kuala

The Orang Kuala or Duano' are one of the indigenous peoples of Malaysia. They are considered to be Proto-Malay. Orang Kuala means "people of the rivermouth".
The Orang Kuala numbered about 2,000 people in 2000. They speak an Para-Malay language.

</doc>
<doc id="19581873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581873" title="Neocyclotidae">
Neocyclotidae

Neocyclotidae is a family of tropical land snails with gills and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies.
Subfamilies within the family Neocyclotidae include:
Genera.
Genera in the family Neocyclotidae include:
subfamily Neocyclotinae
subfamily Amphicyclotinae
subfamily ?

</doc>
<doc id="19581881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581881" title="Yuri Slesarev">
Yuri Slesarev

Yuri Slesarev is a Russian pianist.
After winning the Tallinn' 69 All-Union Piano Competition he took part in several international contests, winning the 1972 Montevideo Competition. He was active as a concert pianist through Europe and South America in subsequent years.
Slesarev is the Dean of the Moscow Conservatory's Piano Department.
References.
Piano Forte News (newsletter interviewing Slesarev)

</doc>
<doc id="19581933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581933" title="Orang Kanaq language">
Orang Kanaq language

Orang Kanaq language is one of the Aboriginal Malay languages and it is grouped under the Austonesian Language family. It is spoken by the Orang Kanaq, which is one of the 19 Orang Asli groups living in Peninsular Malaysia. 
Orang Kanaq is a variant of Malay which is distinct from the dialects spoken by ethnic Malays living near them. All members of the Orang Kanaq tribe are able to understand the language. However, the language's lexicon has been largely influenced by the Malay language.
Speakers.
The Orang Kanaq were originally one of the Sea Gypsy peoples, from Pulau Sekanak in the Riau Islands of Indonesia. They started to migrate to Peninsula Malaysia in around 1784. Initially, they settled at Mawai Lama, Kota Tinggi but relocated to Selayang during the Malayan Emergency during the 1950s. Currently, they are situated at Kampung Sungai Selangi, Mawai, Kota Tinggi. They are considered to be one of the country's earliest inhabitants even though they have been living on the Peninsula for only about 200 years.
Out of the 147,412 Orang Asli from 18 tribes in Malaysia, the Kanaqs make up the smallest number. The inhabitants of the Sungai Selangi village comprise 87 Orang Kanaq people, including 3 Malays, from 23 families. The village took shape in 1965, with only 40 Kanaq residents from 10 families.
In the past, the Orang Kanaq were slave workers tapping trees in rubber plantations. Today, they lag behind in modern technology and education and are still working as labourers in rubber and shrub plantations. It is difficult for the close-knitted Orang Kanaq community to be separated as they avoid marrying outsiders. They believe that such unions will bring curses upon their tribe. Low birthrates have caused their numbers to dwindle over the years.
Although, the population of the Orang Kanaq is dwindling, according to the Center of Orang Asli concern, the Orang Kanaq language is still very much vibrant.

</doc>
<doc id="19581950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19581950" title="Typhoon Asiang">
Typhoon Asiang

The name Asiang has been used to name 10 tropical cyclones in the PAGASA area of responsibility. 
Recognized Internationally.
After the 2000 season PAGASA revised their naming lists and the name Asiang was excluded. Therefore Typhoon Damrey was the last use of the name Asiang.

</doc>
<doc id="19582010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582010" title="Askey–Wilson polynomials">
Askey–Wilson polynomials

In mathematics, the Askey–Wilson polynomials (or "q"-Wilson polynomials) are a family of orthogonal polynomials introduced by as q-analogs of the Wilson polynomials. They include many of the other orthogonal polynomials in 1 variable as special or limiting cases, described in the Askey scheme. Askey–Wilson polynomials are the special case of Macdonald polynomials (or Koornwinder polynomials) for the non-reduced affine root system of type ("C", "C"1), and their 4 parameters "a", "b", "c", "d" correspond to the 4 orbits of roots of this root system.
They are defined by 
where φ is a basic hypergeometric function and "x" = cos(θ) and (,,)"n" is the q-Pochhammer symbol. Askey–Wilson functions are a generalization to non-integral values of "n". 
Askey-Wilson polynomials are the special case of Koornwinder polynomials (or Macdonald polynomials) for the non-reduced root system of type ("C", "C"1).

</doc>
<doc id="19582028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582028" title="The Mouse on the Moon (novel)">
The Mouse on the Moon (novel)

The Mouse on the Moon is a novel by Irish author Leonard Wibberley. It was released in 1962 as the sequel to "The Mouse That Roared". In it, the people of the Duchy of Grand Fenwick, an isolated mountain microstate, attempt space flight using wine as a propellant. It satirizes the space race, Cold War and politics. It was adapted into a film "The Mouse on the Moon" in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19582093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582093" title="2 22 honeycomb">
2 22 honeycomb

In geometry, the 222 honeycomb is a uniform tessellation of the six-dimensional Euclidean space. It can be represented by the Schlafli symbol {3,3,32,2}. It is constructed from 221 facets and has a 122 vertex figure, with 54 221 polytopes around every vertex.
Its vertex arrangement is the "E6 lattice", and the root system of the E6 Lie group so it can also be called the E6 honeycomb.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 7 hyperplane mirrors in 6-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter–Dynkin diagram, .
Removing a node on the end of one of the 2-node branches leaves the 221, its only facet type, 
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 122, .
The edge figure is the vertex figure of the vertex figure, here being a birectified 5-simplex, "t"2{34}, .
The face figure is the vertex figure of the edge figure, here being a triangular duoprism, {3}×{3}, .
Kissing number.
Each vertex of this tessellation is the center of a 5-sphere in the densest known packing in 6 dimensions, with kissing number 72, represented by the vertices of its vertex figure 122.
E6 lattice.
The 222 honeycomb's vertex arrangement is called the E6 lattice.
The E62 lattice, with 3,3,32,2 symmetry, can be constructed by the union of two E6 lattices:
The E6* lattice (or E63) with symmetry. The Voronoi cell of the E6* lattice is the rectified 122 polytope, and the Voronoi tessellation is a bitruncated 222 honeycomb. It is constructed by 3 copies of the E6 lattice vertices, one from each of the three branches of the Coxeter diagram.
Related honeycombs.
The 222 honeycomb is one of 127 uniform honeycombs (39 unique) with formula_1 symmetry. 24 of them have doubled symmetry 3,3,32,2 with 2 equally ringed branches and, and 7 have sextupled (3!) symmetry [3[32,2,2]] with identical rings on all 3 branches. There are no regular honeycombs in the family since its Coxeter diagram a nonlinear graph, but the 222 and birectified 222 are isotopic, with only one type of facet: 221, and rectified 122 polytopes respectively.
Bitruncated 2 22 honeycomb.
The bitruncated 222 honeycomb , has within its symmetry construction 3 copies of facets. Its vertex arrangement can also be constructed as an E6* lattice, as:
Geometric folding.
The formula_1 group is related to the formula_3 by a geometric folding, so this honeycomb can be projected into the 4-dimensional 16-cell honeycomb.
k22 polytopes.
The 222 honeycomb, is fourth in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes, expressed by Coxeter as k22 series. The final is a noncompact hyperbolic honeycomb, 322. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed from the previous as its vertex figure.

</doc>
<doc id="19582095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582095" title="Tim and Tom">
Tim and Tom

Tim and Tom were an American comedy duo. DuPont marketing manager Tim Reid and insurance salesman Tom Dreesen met at a Junior Chamber of Commerce meeting near Chicago in 1968. They were "put together to promote an anti-drug program in the local schools" and, prompted by a comment from a child, decided to form a comedy team. The team, later billed as "Tim & Tom", was the first interracial comedy duo (Reid is African-American and Dreesen is white). Years later, Reid and Dreesen co-wrote a book about those years called "Tim & Tom: An American Comedy in Black and White" (ISBN 978-0-226-70900-0, co-written with sports writer Ron Rapoport).
A 1970 "Jet" article stated that the comedy duo were good examples of racial cooperation and had received national attention "in persuading young people against the use of drugs".

</doc>
<doc id="19582111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582111" title="Ben Sawyer Bridge">
Ben Sawyer Bridge

The Ben Sawyer Bridge is a swing bridge that connects the town of Mount Pleasant with Sullivan's Island in South Carolina. The bridge swings on its central axis to open for boat traffic which is too tall to clear the bridge, and has an operator's station in the center of the span from which an attendant can operate the bridge. The bridge was constructed in 1945, but its swing-span section was replaced in 2010, albeit retaining the same general appearance.
Prior to completion of the Isle of Palms Connector Bridge in 1993, the Ben Sawyer Bridge provided the only vehicular access to Sullivan's Island, and, by a connecting bridge, Isle of Palms.
The bridge was heavily damaged during Hurricane Hugo, leaving one end of the main span in the Intracoastal Waterway. Pictures of the damaged bridge are some of the most recognizable lasting images of the destruction wrought by the storm. It was subsequently repaired and reopened to traffic in October 1989.
Rehabilitation project.
A $32.5 million rehabilitation of the Ben Sawyer Bridge was approved by the South Carolina Department of Transportation (SCDOT) in August 2008. The project began in January 2009 and was completed in February 2010. The project included replacement of the aging swing-span section with a new swing-span section retaining the historic look of its predecessor. In addition, each traffic lane was widened from 12 feet to 14 feet, and the sidewalks on both sides were replaced by a single one on the harbor side only. The bridge closed temporarily on February 7, 2010, for removal of the old span and installation of the replacement span, which was lifted into place from barges using hydraulic jacks on February 11. The bridge reopened to traffic on February 19, 2010.
Origin of the name.
The Ben Sawyer Bridge is named in honor of Benjamin Mack Sawyer (1890–1940), Chief Highway Commissioner of the South Carolina Highway Department, 1926-1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19582117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582117" title="Electro Movimiento">
Electro Movimiento

"Electro Movimiento" () is the second single by Puerto Rican Hip Hop band Calle 13 from their third studio album "Los de Atrás Vienen Conmigo" and was released on September 23, 2008 by Sony BMG.
Background.
The song is freestyle influenced, similar to pop-dance music of the 1980s. It is also R&B influenced, especially in the chorus. In the lyrics, the song makes several pop culture references, ones such as traveling back to the 1980s to the time when Madonna was a virgin and John Travolta was spinning his dance moves, going back to a decade of stability and a generation of dancers that would have been electrified by Calle 13. It also calls dancers to mix drugs with alcohol, and to act like rock stars Axl Rose and Slash, when Residente shouts: "Welcome to the Jungle, Let's get ready to rumble!"

</doc>
<doc id="19582130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582130" title="Louis Lefèvre‑Gineau">
Louis Lefèvre‑Gineau

Louis Lefèvre-Gineau (7 March 1751 – 3 February 1829), born at Authe (Ardennes), was a French chemist and scientist.
Of modest origins, a village elder approached d'Étrépigny to give this intelligent child the basics of knowledge that permitted him to shine in the studies of chemistry and of physics that he pursued at Reims then at Paris.
Beginning work with Lavoisier, he studied with him the chemical composition of water. A Deputy under the French revolution, he was a member of the commission charged to define the metric system and it is he who determined the mass of the kilogram.
From 1786 to 1823, he occupied the chair in mechanics, then general and experimental physics, at the Collège de France, where he was the administrator from 1800 to 1823. He was made a member of the Académie des sciences in 1795. He was made a knight of Ainelle under Napoleon's Empire, in 1808.
in 1825, he built, in the guise of a retreat at Étrépigny a charming little neo-gothic chateau. He died in 1829, exactly 100 years after another illustrious citizen of the village: the curate Jean Meslier. 

</doc>
<doc id="19582136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582136" title="Lepreo">
Lepreo

Lepreo (, before 1916: Στροβίτζι - "Strovitzi") is a village in the municipality of Zacharo, Elis, Greece. Its population in 2001 was 329 for the village and 532 for the municipal district, which includes the small villages Agrapidia, Drakos, Panagies, Revelaiika and Skoupas. It is situated on a hillside, 2 km southwest of Taxiarches, 5 km west of Nea Figaleia and 8 km southeast of Zacharo. Lepreo was named after the ancient city Lepreum. The ruins of Lepreum, 500 m north of the present village, have been excavated in 1982. 

</doc>
<doc id="19582155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582155" title="James Smyth">
James Smyth

James Smyth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19582226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582226" title="Mark Cavagnero Associates">
Mark Cavagnero Associates

Mark Cavagnero Associates is a San Francisco, California-based architecture firm focused on cultural, education, and civic projects. Since its establishment in 1993, the firm has completed a wide range of large and small scale architectural and master planning projects for institutional, non-profit, commercial, and private clients. The firm provides a full range of services, from master planning, site planning, programming, and full design through construction administration.
The firm was recently honored with the American Institute of Architects (AIA) California Council's 2012 Firm Award, the highest honor that the organization bestows upon a firm, recognizing distinguished architecture and a culture of mentoring the next generation of architects. In 2010, Mark Cavagnero was awarded the AIA California Council's Distinguished Practice Award for a career of exemplary dedication and commitment to the built environment. The firm's work has garnered numerous awards beginning with local and regional AIA awards for the California Palace of the Legion of Honor completed in 1997. Each year since, the firm has been recognized for design excellence, receiving over 80 awards from international, national, state, and local organizations.
Awards.
2013 
2012 
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2004
2003
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997

</doc>
<doc id="19582260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582260" title="1993 Philadelphia Eagles season">
1993 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 1993 Philadelphia Eagles season was their 61st in the league. The team failed to improve upon their previous output of 11–5, winning only eight games and failed to qualify for the playoffs for only the second time in six seasons. Ten of their sixteen games were decided by a touchdown or less. The team was without future hall of fame defensive end Reggie White, who had signed via free agency with the Green Bay Packers.
The downturn was directly related to the twin losses of QB Randall Cunningham and WR Fred Barnett to season-ending ACL injuries in a 35–30 win against the New York Jets on October 3. Though the Eagles won their first four, following that game, lost six straight to fall out of playoff contention. Bubby Brister was only able to do so much in a starting role, but the club rallied to win their final three games, including their first road win in San Francisco in 10 years.
One notable feat by an opponent came on Halloween in Philadelphia, when Dallas Cowboys running back Emmitt Smith sloshed his way to 237 yards and one TD at a rainy Veterans Stadium in a 23–10 victory.
Off Season.
The Eagles held training camp at West Chester University of Pennsylvania for the 14th consecutive year.
NFL Draft.
The 1993 NFL Draft was held April 25–26, 1993. The draft is reduced to 8 rounds, down from 12
Because the Eagles tied with 5 other teams at 11–5 in 1992, they rotated in picking 20th to 25th in the 8 rounds. There were 224 players taken in this draft by the NFL.
The number 1 pick in the draft was made by the New England Patriots who picked Drew Bledsoe a Quarterback out of Washington State.
The Eagles had 2 first round picks number 19 and 24. They chose Lester Holmes a Tackle out of Jackson State and Leonard Renfro a Defensive Tackle out of Colorado with those picks
Player Selections.
The table shows the Eagles selections and what picks they had that were traded away and the team that ended up with that pick. It is possible the Eagles' pick ended up with this team via another team that the Eagles made a trade with.
Not shown are acquired picks that the Eagles traded away.
Playoffs.
The Eagles failed to make the playoffs for the 1993 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19582272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582272" title="Reuben Jones">
Reuben Jones

Reuben (Ben) Jones (born 19 October 1932 in Newport, Shropshire, England; died 3 January 1990 in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire) was an Olympic equestrian rider who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo and the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
Equestrian career.
Jones was part of the British team that travelled to Tokyo in 1964 to compete in team eventing. "Eventing" is an equestrian event which comprises dressage, cross-country and show jumping. Other team members were Michael Bullen, Richard Meade, and James Templar. The team was eliminated out of medal contention. Jones finished ninth on an individual basis riding a horse called The Poacher. He was the first non-commissioned officer to compete for Great Britain in the equestrian portion of the Olympic Games.
Jones and the team from Great Britain at the 1968 Summer Olympics won the gold medal in the team eventing equestrian event. Teammates for the 1968 win were Derek Allhusen, Jane Bullen, and Richard Meade. Jones finished fifth on an individual basis that year. Jones also won gold medals in 1967 and 1969 at the European Championships as part of the British team.
Military career.
Jones was an accomplished horseman; as a young man and his ambition was to become a jockey, but he was too tall. He chose to join the army as a way to work with horses.
Jones was a sergeant of the King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery, in charge of equitation. In 1968, he was posted to the Royal Army Veterinary Corps; after his commission he was transferred to the General Service Corps at Melton Mowbray. There he was in charge of training at the RAVC remount depot. After retirement, he died while training a young horse.
In Newport there is a residential street named after him: "Ben Jones Avenue".

</doc>
<doc id="19582278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582278" title="Charles Loloma">
Charles Loloma

Charles Loloma (January 7, 1921 – June 9, 1991) was an American artist of Hopi ancestry. He was born in Hopi Third Mesa to Rex and Rachael Loloma. He served in the military in 1941 to 1945, where he was stationed in the Aleutian Islands. Thanks to the GI Bill, Loloma was able to go the Alfred University in New York. In 1954 he opened a pottery shop in Scottsdale, Arizona. He called his line of pottery Lolomaware.
Although he was an excellent potter and painter, he found his true passion in jewelry making. Some of Loloma’s designs were of outside influences. This brought harsh judgment on his art. Comments made about his art included, “It’s nice but it’s not Indian.” Loloma’s work was rejected from the Gallup Intertribal Art Show three times.
Most Native jewelers use traditional materials such as turquoise, silver and occasionally accented with some coral. Loloma used unconventional materials like sugilite, lapis, ivory, gold, pearls, diamonds and even wood. He used turquoise as an accent to his pieces. He got much of his inspirations from other cultures. Loloma created Hopi interpretations of Egyptian figures.
Loloma had many accomplishments across the globe. He won first prize in the Scottsdale National Indian Art Exhibition seven years in a row. He had two shows in Paris. He was featured in NET and PBS in 1972. In Japan he was the artist in residence in 1974. He was also commissioned to make a piece for the queen of Denmark. He visited many countries; France, Egypt and Colombia to name a few. His achievements inspired other Native jewelers such Jesse Monongye.
Laloma's work was explored in a series on American Indian artists for the Public Broadcasting System (PBS). Other artists in the series included R. C. Gorman, Helen Hardin, Allan Houser, Joseph Lonewolf, and Fritz Scholder.
Although Loloma died in 1991, he remains an inspiration to Native artists. “We are a very serious people and have tried hard to elevate ourselves, but in order to create valid art you have to be true to your health and your heritage”.

</doc>
<doc id="19582295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582295" title="Brian Harman">
Brian Harman

Brian Harman (born January 19, 1987) is an American professional golfer.
In college, Harman was a three-time 2nd Team All-American on the University of Georgia golf team. He won the 2005 NCAA Preview and the 2006 Isleworth Invitational. He also won the yearly award for highest Grade Point Average three times.
In 2003, Harman won the U.S. Junior Amateur. He won the Players Amateur in 2005, and the Porter Cup in 2007, shooting a tournament record 22-under-par 258.
Harman played on the winning 2005 and 2009 Walker Cup and 2007 Palmer Cup teams.
In 2010, Harman played mostly on the EGolf Professional Tour finishing in the top-10 in 11 of his 14 starts. He gained his first pro victory at the Manor Classic where he won by three shots. He also played in three Nationwide Tour events in 2010. His best showing came at the Stadion Athens Classic at UGA where he placed T-18th on his former college course.
Harman was known for a unique situation at the 2012 Players Championship. He was the first alternate when D. A. Points withdrew just minutes before his tee time. Playing partners Carl Pettersson and Robert Garrigus had already teed off and after consulting with the PGA, tournament officials allowed Harman tee off alone for the first round. Harman eventually got partnered with Ryan Moore and Bud Cauley for round two after Paul Casey withdrew. Harman made the cut and finished T51.
Harman later qualified for his first major, the 2012 U.S. Open. He missed the cut.
Harman resides in Sea Island, Georgia.
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="19582298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582298" title="Radu Dudescu">
Radu Dudescu

Radu Dudescu (1894 – 1983) was a Romanian architect.
He was born on 10 March (23 March) 1894 in Bucharest, Romania. From 1905 to 1913 he studied at the Matei Basarab High School. He continued his studies at the Bucharest School of Architecture, graduating in 1921.
From 1923 to 1950 he worked as architect for the National Bank of Romania. In 1950 he was transferred to the Design Institute for Constructions. He died in Bucharest in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19582299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582299" title="WindPRO">
WindPRO

WindPRO is wind energy software used to model wind farms. Users are able to design wind farms, including wind turbine layout and electrical design. Energy production, turbine noise levels, turbine wake losses, and turbine suitability can be calculated. WindPro uses wind flow modeling inputs from WAsP or CFD software. WindPro is developed by the Danish energy consultant EMD International A/S. WindPRO is trusted by investment banks to create wind energy assessments used to determine financing for proposed wind farms.
WindPRO can optimize a wind farm layout for energy production given turbine spacing, setback distances, noise level and visual constraints. It can also be used to create photomontages in which simulated turbines are overlaid on a photo of a wind farm site, to show what a proposed wind farm would look like if constructed.
History.
WindPRO was first developed over 20 years ago by EMD International A/S.

</doc>
<doc id="19582304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582304" title="Igor Sas">
Igor Sas

Igor Sas is an Australian film, television and stage actor. He is best known for his work on children's television series such as "Parallax", "Wormwood", "Lockie Leonard" and "The Gift". He has also appeared in a number of films, including "Japanese Story".
Career.
Sas began his career in 1982 in the Australian soap opera "Sons and Daughters". He appeared in multiple episodes of television shows "Ship to Shore" between 1993 and 1994, "The Gift" in 1997, and "Minty" in 1998. Sas acted alongside Marcus Graham and Kerry Armstrong in 1998's "Justice", starred in "Bad Credit and Aliens" (2001) and played Fraser in the feature film "Japanese Story" with Toni Collette. He returned to TV in 2004, portraying Stefan Raddic in "Parallax", then Old Squasher in the 2007 "Lockie Leonard" television series based on the novels of the same name by Tim Winton. His next feature film is "Woody Island".
He is also active in Australian theatre; in 1998, Sas played numerous characters in "Black Russians", and in 2001, he featured in a play titled "The Butcher", about a butcher in a country town in decline as its inhabitants move to the city. From 2001 to 2002, he appeared in Yasmina Reza's Art with John Wood and Geoff Kelso, and in 2003, he performed in "The Corporal's Wife".
Sas directed the stage version of "Closer" in 2007, starred in "Fragmented", and in "Club Gargouille", a production about Quasimodo's half-brother Modo, who runs a cabaret club. In 2008, Sas played multiple characters in an adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's "The Red Shoes", portrayed a bouffon in "The York Lynchings", and appeared in "The Female of the Species".
Sas, who is known for his glasses, listed his physical features as 5-foot-10 tall and 125 pounds on his resume.
In 2010 Sas appeared, with a minor role, in the Australian horror movie "Needle".
Personal life.
Igor Sas is the son of Slovakian migrants, and the father of actors Kazimir Sas and Francoise Sas, who both appeared with him in the television series "Parallax". He is an avid fan of thoroughbred horse racing, both owning, breeding and managing many horses in his current home of Ascot, Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19582313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582313" title="Hopewell Academy">
Hopewell Academy

Hopewell Academy is a small private, coeducational college preparatory school located in Cary, North Carolina.
The school's mission statement is:
"to provide a challenging and supportive environment for students with diverse learning styles. Small classes and personalized attention help our students become confident and responsible learners to achieve academic success in a college preparatory environment."
Hopewell was founded in 2004 by Cecilia Gabriel. It officially opened its doors in 2005 with grades 7-12, and starting in the 2006-2007 school year it served students from grades 4-12.
The school has a wide range of extracurricular activities. After school sports include basketball, soccer, and tennis. Hopewell is a member of the Central Carolina Athletic League.
The school has had one dean of students,and Valerie Anderson, respectively.
Hopewell has recently relocated to 101 Preston Executive Dr. 
The school colors are red and black, the mascot is the Tiger, and it is accredited by SACS.
The school features a summer camp program with a school in china that allows students from China to travel to the USA and run a camp program with Hopewell students on the campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19582317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582317" title="Thermal engineering">
Thermal engineering

Heating or cooling of processes, equipment, or enclosed environments are within the purview of thermal engineering.
One or more of the following disciplines may be involved in solving a particular thermal engineering problem:
Thermal engineering may be practiced by mechanical engineers and chemical engineers.
One branch of knowledge used frequently in thermal engineering is that of thermofluids.

</doc>
<doc id="19582332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582332" title="Degrees of Connection">
Degrees of Connection

Degrees of Connection is a 2004 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Jon Cleary. It was the 20th and last entry in the Scobie Malone series. Cleary decided to stop writing crime novels because he felt he was getting stale.
Synopsis.
Scobie Malone as been promoted from inspector to superintendent, while Russ Clements is now head of Homicide. He investigates the murder of the personal assistant to Natalie Shipwood, the CEO of development company Orlando. Malone's son, Tom, seems to have impregnated a girlfriend who is subsequently murdered and his daughter Maureen is an ABC journalist covering the Securities Commission investigation into Orlando. 

</doc>
<doc id="19582348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582348" title="Typhoon Aning">
Typhoon Aning

The name Aning has been used to name 7 tropical storms in PAGASA's area of responsibility.
There weren't enough names to reach Aning in 1990 and 1998 and since PAGASA replaced names in 2001, the name Aning was last used to name Typhoon Orchid of 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="19582381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582381" title="Midwifery in Maya society">
Midwifery in Maya society

Midwifery is a women’s profession that assists women from pregnancy to newborn care. Midwifery also has the religious role. Midwives are believed in Maya society to be assigned their profession from God through signs and visions.
In ancient myths Maya goddess of midwifery is called Ixchel.
Maya midwives.
Childbirth is the final rite of passage amongst the Maya that completes a girlʻs transition to womanhood. 
Many of the women who give birth in rural areas are treated by midwives who do not have any formal training but who are believed in the Maya religion to have received training in dreams. The traditional birth attendants are known as "comadronas" or "iyom kʻexelom", and receive prestige for their practice.
Midwives in Maya societies are responsible for the "ajtuj" ("pregnant woman") and her unborn child throughout the pregnancy as well as the week of bed rest following the birth. Unlike other societies in which individuals choose their occupational fields, the Maya people believe that they receive a sacred calling from God through dreams which allows them to practice their destined occupation. The calling is divine and the midwife can communicate with the supernatural world. 
Though midwives are held at high prestige for their sacred position in society, these women are often also subject to resentments from their husbands and children as they must spend a great deal of time away from them in order to act as midwives. Midwives must abstain from sex, which sometimes creates difficulties with their husbands. 
Sacred calling.
In Maya society, it is believed that midwives receive their calling from God in a series of dreams. These visions are believed to often include subtle hints that a woman is destined to become a midwife and can include visions of Saint Anne who is the saint of all midwives. According to the Mayan religion, in addition to receiving dreams and visions, women also tend to find small items in paths that are symbols and objects related to midwifery. The objects are often small unusual stones that resemble the shape of a face, shells, marbles or broken fragments of archaeological figurines. Stones are often given sacred powers in the Maya religion and are believed to be sent from the spiritual world as a sign of one’s calling to midwifery. It is also believed that some objects left in a midwife’s path may also be the tools they need to perform parts of the birthing, i.e. a penknife that is used to cut the umbilical cord. Women often consult shamans who explain their calling to them, and after the women accept that they are to become midwives, they are believed to receive another series of dreams and visions regarding the birthing practices they must follow. In addition to these special objects, and the repetitious dreams, it is believed that they may also be summoned to mountains or other sacred places where they may encounter supernatural beings. Mayans believe that women who ignore their calling often fall ill, and if doctors are unable to determine a diagnosis for their ailments, they may even face death. They also believe that they are told in their dreams by supernatural beings that they will receive gifts from the families of the children they deliver and that they must not be greedy because many will give what they have it must be accepted with a goodness of heart.
Responsibilities.
Midwives are responsible for the pregnant women during their pregnancies without any formal training or learning except for what they believe they receive from their dreams. These dreams are believed to contain visions from the spirits on how to properly examine women, massage a woman, feel for the position of the fetus, measure dilation, cut the umbilical cord, how to pray and how to foretell a child's future by the markings on its umbilical cord.
Midwives believe that in these visions they also learn to identify problems that can pose a threat for a healthy delivery and transport those women to nearby clinics and hospitals. Midwives are summoned around the third to fifth month of pregnancy and visit at monthly intervals for prenatal care, until the final month of pregnancy when they begin visiting on a weekly basis. The prenatal care provided by midwives includes periodic massages, examinations, attending the delivery and tending to both new mother and child following the birth in the week of bed rest.
Signs At Birth.
There are many things that the Mayans believe can be interpreted when a child is born. The Maya calendar for divination, or the "Sacred calendar", is believed to foretell a childʻs future, as some days are more auspicious than others. The calendar is important in Maya society for interpreting and shaping childrenʻs futures. However, Mayans also believe that midwives are able to foretell the life of a child based on the interpretations they can make from the markings on the umbilical cord and the amniotic sac. They believe that based on the markings from the first born, the sex, number and interval of future births can also be foretold. The most important markings are that of a future shaman (worms or flies clutched in the fist of a newborn), midwife (white mantle over the head, which comes from the amniotic membrane) and a baby that will endanger the survival of future siblings (born with a double whorl in its crown).
Rituals.
The midwife is the first to see the infant and before a mother can bond with her baby, the midwife is expected to carefully interpret the signs that the child bears, and she alone will interpret what profession the child is destined for. She must then carefully remove, dry and preserve the signs which will be protected by the maternal grandmother. Praying is considered key in the delivery of a child, and as soon as the midwife is informed of a birth she begins praying. She is also expected to pray before entering the house and before touching the pregnant woman. She must also pray to each of the four corners of the room which is said to house invisible guardians. One ritual must be performed when subsequent children die, since it is believed that the first-born child (often born with a double whorl on the umbilical cord) chases and eats the spirit of the newborn. In an effort to save the newborn's life, the midwife wraps a live chicken in a cloth and tours the room with the eldest child praying to each of the four corners. The chicken is then beaten to death on the back of the eldest child (behind close doors and away from the newborn). She then makes a soup with the chicken and the eldest child is forced to eat it in its entirety, even if it takes several meals to do so. At the end of the bed rest week the midwife must perform her final cleansing rituals, thus signaling the end of her services. The baby is bathed and new dress is placed on the naval, and the hammock which the baby is to sleep is prayed over. She asks that the baby be protected. The mother also receives purification in a semi-public hair washing ceremony. The final ritual that must be performed is the sweeping and cleaning of the room before she leaves. She then prays one last time, thanking the spirits for a successful delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="19582424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582424" title="There Was a Crooked Man (film)">
There Was a Crooked Man (film)

There Was a Crooked Man is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Stuart Burge. It starred Norman Wisdom, Alfred Marks, Andrew Cruickshank, Reginald Beckwith, and Susannah York. This is the only Norman Wisdom film that has not had a television viewing or released on video/DVD. However, according to this page, https://sites.google.com/site/ukchristmastv/itv1965, it was shown in the then ATV region on Christmas Sunday in 1965. It was briefly shown in UK cinemas on general release in 1960 before being withdrawn by US interference in UK culture and was unceremoniously “wiped.” The “offending” film, featured Wisdom masquerading as an arrogant US general requisitioning British land for the US Air Force. The subject of US forces on British soil was deemed too sensitive even for comic treatment, and this classic film from the comic's golden years remains “missing, believed wiped” to this day.
Synopsis.
A naive explosives expert is tricked into working for a criminal gang. The title is taken from the poem There Was a Crooked Man.

</doc>
<doc id="19582492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582492" title="Kazimir Sas">
Kazimir Sas

Kazimir Sas (born 1983) is an Australian film and television actor. He is best known for his work on children's television series such as "Time Trackers", "Parallax", "Stormworld" and "The Gift". He has also appeared in "All Saints", "The Alice" and "The Shark Net".
Sas is one of the six actors in the 2009 Black Swan State Theatre Company's HotBed Ensemble, a professional development programme for emerging Western Australian artists.
Biography.
Sas is the son of actor Igor Sas and brother of actress Francoise Sas, who both appeared with him in the television series "Parallax".

</doc>
<doc id="19582508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582508" title="Gourock Park Bowling Club">
Gourock Park Bowling Club

Gourock Park Bowling Club is a Lawn bowling club in Inverclyde, Scotland.
History.
Sometime way back in 1927, a group of Bowlers met to discuss the forming of Gourock Park Bowling Club within the grounds of Darroch Park. Play started the following year and very little is known about who these men were, but this year we celebrate them and all the members past and present who have enjoyed being part of this very proud Club.
The first President of the Club was a Mr H Barbour and he was aided by the Club's Secretary, John Brownlie. The original Championship board at the Club has a L.A. Osborne as the first ever Champion of the Club. 
Gourock Park have been crowned Greenock & District League Champions in 1946, 52, 75, 78, 79 and 81.
David Rollo currently holds the record for winning the Club Championship (five times).
The Club celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 1978 and this turned out to be one of the most successful years in the Club. The Gents section won the Greenock & District League and also the Reid Cup and J.S. Thompson Shield. The Ladies made it a double celebration by winning their District League and they also claimed victory in the G&D Ladies Singles (Mrs Margaret Tosh) and the Council Cup Pairs (Mrs Hagen & Mrs McLellan).
To mark this year, the club held a Gents versus Ladies Wapinshaw. The respective highest-up rinks that day were- Mrs J Donnachie, Mrs M Muir, Mrs Wrightman and Miss M Hannah and for the gents—D Turner, M Murray, S Hagen and W Chantry.
in 2008 Joda Reid, Alex McIlravey, Rodger Lynn and Ian Brown won the Scottish Bowling Association's National Fours Championship, which is the first national honour the Club has won.
One the finest things to come out of the Gourock Park Bowling Club is the jobhedoneehdoo shot which in normal terms means its on the jack lol personal joke to Joda and the Reid family lmfao.

</doc>
<doc id="19582551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582551" title="Renault KZ">
Renault KZ

The Renault KZ was a Mid-size car or Large family car manufactured by Renault from 1923 to 1931.
Details and Evolutions.
The KZ was the replacement of the Type GS and the Type IG and its intention was to be a rival of the Citroen Type C in the class called "populaires" (economic). The car had a 4-cylinder engine of 2120 cc, 33 cm larger than its predecessors.
In 1927 three new models arrived, the KZ1, KZ2, KZ3, 21 cm larger.
In 1929 and 1931 the KZ4 and KZ5 were introduced.
The KZ11, was a taxis G7 company, a special series of 2400 vehicles with new adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="19582571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582571" title="Oh! That Wife of Mine">
Oh! That Wife of Mine

Oh! That Wife of Mine ( "Ah! Afti i gynaika mou") is a 1967 Greek film based on the same named theatrical work of Nikos Tsiforos and was directed by Nikos Tsiforos and Polyvios Vassiliadis.
Plot.
A good employee (Papamichail) has dinner with his supervisor (Michalopoulos), hoping for a fast promotion. But things start to turn bad as his wife (Vougioyklaki) accidentally fights with his boss inside a taxi which both claimed urgently (because of the heavy rain). The result is freakish consequences with comical results.
The film is famous since it contains humorous situations, catchy lines, and wonderful performances (especially from Sapfo Notara and Giorgos Michalopoulos).
Festival.
The film was presented at the 1967 Thessaloniki Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19582584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582584" title="1993 Phoenix Cardinals season">
1993 Phoenix Cardinals season

The 1993 Phoenix Cardinals season marked the 74th season the team was in the National Football League (NFL), and their final as the Phoenix Cardinals (becoming the Arizona Cardinals the following season). The team improved upon their previous output of 4–12, winning seven games. Despite the improvement, the Cardinals failed to qualify to the playoffs for the eleventh straight season.

</doc>
<doc id="19582633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582633" title="Grrr (advertisement)">
Grrr (advertisement)

Grrr is a 2004 advertising campaign launched by Honda to promote its newly launched i-CTDi diesel engines in the United Kingdom. The campaign, which centred around a 90-second television and cinema advert, also comprised newspaper and magazine advertisements, radio commercials, free distributed merchandise, and an internet presence which included an online game, e-mail advertising, and an interactive website. The campaign was created and managed by the advertising agency Wieden+Kennedy (W+K). W+K were given a budget of £600,000 for production of the television commercial, a process which lasted six months. The piece was directed by Adam Foulkes and Alan Smith, produced by London-based production company Nexus Productions, and featured American author Garrison Keillor singing the campaign's theme song. "Grrr" premiered on British cinema screens on September 24, 2004.
"Grrr" was both a critical and financial success. It was the most-awarded campaign of 2005, sweeping awards ceremonies within the television and advertising industries, including the year's Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, from which it took home the Film Grand Prix—considered the most prestigious honour in the advertising industry. The campaign proved popular with the British public, and Honda reported that its brand awareness figures more than doubled in the period following the campaign's debut. Overall sales of Honda products within the UK increased by more than 35%, and sales of diesel-engine Accords shot from 518 units in 2003 to 21,766 units in 2004. "Adweek" magazine picked the ad as the overall commercial of the decade in 2009.
Sequence.
"Grrr" opens with a shot of an animated landscape of grassy hills and blue lakes, with topiary bushes spelling out the word "Hate" in the background. Garrison Keiller, backed by a guitar, introduces the piece, stating "Here's a little song for anyone who's ever hated, in the key of "Grrr"". As Keillor launches into the main portion of the commercial's song, a noisy and primitive-looking diesel engine flies into view. The inhabitants of the cartoon world negatively react to the engine's intrusion, with flowers coughing and closing up, a frog abandoning its lily leaf and chickens squawking. Keillor's singing is joined by a group whistling the tune as a further flock of flying diesel engines join the original and continue across the landscape, gradually being picked off by a variety of cartoon animals and by the landscape itself. A brief sequence of psychedelic patterns cuts in, espousing the piece's theme of "Hate something, change something", before the view returns to the destruction of the last remaining noisy diesel engine. The second half of the commercial begins, with a double line of flamingos introducing a new, quieter, diesel engine. Accompanied by a flight of songbirds, the shining engine floats above the scenery, the cartoon creatures below celebrating its arrival. The new engine finally flies over a flower display arranged as a logo and the words "Diesel i-CTDi", before cutting to a white background emblazoned with the Honda logo and the campaign's tagline, "The Power of Dreams".
Background.
The "Power of Dreams" campaign, of which "Grrr" is a part, began in 2002. W+K, who pitched the concept, envisioned the "Power of Dreams" becoming a worldwide promotion tool for the Honda brand. Sales of Honda products within Europe had been in decline since 1998 under the previous campaign ("Do You Have a Honda?"), and Nissan had taken its position as the number two Japanese automotive company (behind Toyota). The concept, which built on the company's Japanese slogan, "Yume No Chikara" ("See one's dreams"), was proposed with an eye to making it "omnipresent" in the public eye. To this end, the first pieces of the campaign using the "Power of Dreams" slogan, which featured the Honda ASIMO robot, comprised appearances in television, direct mail, radio, posters, magazines, newspapers, interactive television, cinema, motor shows, dealerships, postcards, beer mats, traffic cones, and numerous other media.
Following the initial burst of ASIMO-based spots, W+K released several "dream-based" campaigns for various Honda products, including "Pecking Order", "Seats", and "Bus Lane". By far the most successful piece prior to the launch of "Grrr" was "Cog", a 60-second television and cinema commercial for the Honda Accord, which premiered in 2003. "Cog", which followed a Rube Goldberg machine constructed from pieces taken from a disassembled Accord, was a resounding success both critically and financially, garnering over 37 awards from the television and advertising industries. Between the campaign's debut and the launch of "Grrr", sales of Honda automobiles within Europe increased from 170,000 to 217,000 units per year, and worldwide sales showed similar gains.
Production.
The concept behind "Grrr" arose from an anecdote about Honda's chief engine designer, Kenichi Nagahiro. Nagahiro detested the noise, smell, and appearance of diesel engines, and when asked to design the company's first diesel engine, he flatly refused unless he was allowed to start completely from scratch. This motivation of "positive hate" was translated into a song by Michael Russoff, Sean Thompson and Michael Russell, a team of copywriters working for W+K. Once the tune was composed, a set of rough storyboards was assembled and pitched to Honda accompanied by the trio on guitars. After the client greenlit the project, the team began searching for a film director. Of the applications for the position, that of Adam Foulkes and Alan Smith, an animation team known for their previous work on "Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events" and the BBC animated sketch show "Monkey Dust" was approved, and the pair hired. Their submission included an animation cel of a group of fish jumping out of water to swallow flying diesel engines. Michael Russoff said of the pair's submission "It was a world you wanted to see more of. It was like a golf course designed by Liberace." "Grrr" was produced by UNIT9.

</doc>
<doc id="19582661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582661" title="Rhus glabra">
Rhus glabra

Rhus glabra (smooth sumac) is a species of sumac in the family Anacardiaceae, native to North America, from southern Quebec west to southern British Columbia in Canada, and south to northern Florida and Arizona in the United States and Tamaulipas in northeastern Mexico. 
One of the easiest shrubs to identify throughout the year (unless mistaken for "Rhus vernix", poison sumac, in the absence of mature fruit) smooth sumac has a spreading, open-growing shrub growing up to tall, rarely to . The leaves are alternate, 30–50 cm long, compound with 11-31 leaflets, each leaflet 5–11 cm long, with a serrated margin. The leaves turn scarlet in the fall. The flowers are tiny, green, produced in dense erect panicles tall, in the spring, later followed by large panicles of edible crimson berries that remain throughout the winter. The buds are small, covered with brown hair and borne on fat, hairless twigs. The bark on older wood is smooth and grey to brown.

</doc>
<doc id="19582677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582677" title="Delphinine">
Delphinine

Delphinine is a toxic diterpenoid alkaloid found in plants from the "Delphinium" (larkspur) and "Atragene" (a clematis) genera, both in the family "Ranunculaceae". Delphinine is the principal alkaloid found in "Delphinium staphisagria" seeds – at one time, under the name stavesacre, a very well known herbal treatment for body lice. It is related in structure and has similar effects to aconitine, acting as an allosteric modulator of voltage gated sodium channels, and producing hypotension, bradycardia and cardiac arrhythmia. These effects make it highly poisonous ( 1.5–3.0 mg/kg in rabbit and dog; frogs are ~10x more susceptible), but in very small doses it has some uses in herbal medicine.
Isolation.
One of the earliest reports of the isolation of delphinine, from "D. staphisagria", was that of the French chemists Lassaigne and Feneulle, in 1819. A less antique and more accessible report is that of the USDA chemist L. N. Markwood, who also briefly reviewed the earlier isolation work. Notably, these early isolations were carried out without the aid of chromatography, since delphinine crystallizes readily from a petroleum ether extract after the typical acid-base cycling used in traditional plant alkaloid-extraction methods.
Chemistry.
Despite the relative ease of isolation and early discovery of delphinine, its molecular structure was not established in its currently accepted form until the early 1970s. At that time, Wiesner's research group corrected the stereochemistry of the methoxy group at C-1 from the β- to the α- configuration. Thus, any drawing of the delphinine molecule appearing before 1971–1972 is likely to show the incorrect stereochemistry at C-1.
Pharmacology.
As a result of its early discovery and isolation in crystalline form (then considered a criterion of purity), the pharmacological properties of delphinine were extensively investigated in the 19th Century, despite the fact that its molecular structure was unknown. It is likely that some of these investigations were carried out with impure drug and should be interpreted with caution. References to and commentary on these early studies may be found in the review by Benn and Jacyno. More recent studies focused on the cardiovascular toxicity of delphinine.
In general, the pharmacology of delphinine seems to resemble that of aconitine, although the acute toxicity of delphinine appears to be lower than that of aconitine in test animals.

</doc>
<doc id="19582713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582713" title="New Catalogue of Suspected Variable Stars">
New Catalogue of Suspected Variable Stars

The New Catalogue of Suspected Variable Stars (NSV) is a star catalogue containing 14,811 stars which, although suspected to be variable, were not given variable star designations prior to 1980. It was published in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19582715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582715" title="Thomson &amp; Taylor">
Thomson &amp; Taylor

Thomson & Taylor were a motor-racing engineering and car-building firm, based within the Brooklands race track. They were active between the wars and built several of the famous land speed record breaking cars of the day.
Thomas Inventions Development Co. Ltd..
The firm was founded as "Thomas Inventions Development Co. Ltd." by J. G. Parry-Thomas & Major Ken Thomson. Their workshops were based in the 'flying village' inside the circuit at Brooklands, a convenient location for their customers, who raced there. Parry-Thomas lived in an adjacent former Royal Flying Corps building named "The Hermitage".
Thomson & Taylor.
After Parry-Thomas' death whilst driving "Babs" at Pendine Sands in 1927, Major Ken Thomson carried on, joined by Ken Taylor, under the new name of "Thomson & Taylor". Reid Railton, who had previously worked for Parry-Thomas at Leyland joined them as Technical Director and chief designer.
In 1926 Malcolm Campbell had opened the 'Campbell Shed' at Brooklands, trading in racing sports cars. As the name suggests, this was a simply constructed wooden shed but it grew bigger and bigger, even being used to hold a barn dance in 1931. The famously impetuous Campbell lost interest though and handed it over to Thomson & Taylor. The shed survives today as part of the Brooklands Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19582732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582732" title="Chicago Studebaker Flyers">
Chicago Studebaker Flyers

The Chicago Studebaker Flyers (also known as the Chicago Studebakers) were a National Basketball League team from 1942 to 1943. They were funded by the United Auto Workers and replaced George Halas' Chicago Bruins, who folded in 1942. 
During the 1942–1943 NBL season, the Studebakers and the Toledo Jim White Chevrolets became the first teams in the league to integrate. The Studebakers did so by signing six former Harlem Globetrotters: Tony Peyton, Duke Cumberland, Bernie Price, Sonny Boswell, Roosie Hudson, and Hillary Brown. Though some claimed that the former Globetrotters experienced racism from their white teammates, coach Johnny Jordan insisted that "there was no strife", adding, "All the blacks were treated well by players and fans. People knew the Globetrotters were great ballplayers. They were well received." 

</doc>
<doc id="19582758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582758" title="NSV">
NSV

NSV or nSv may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19582786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19582786" title="Qualified intermediary">
Qualified intermediary

A Qualified Intermediary refers to an entity that acts as an intermediary qualified under certain sections of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code (IRC) to undertake specified activities.
IRC §1031 Qualified Intermediary.
A §1031 Qualified Intermediary (QI), also known as an Accommodator, is a company that is in the full-time business of facilitating Internal Revenue Code section 1031 tax-deferred exchanges. The role of a QI is defined in Treas. Reg. §1.1031(k)-1(g)(4). Under IRC Section 1031 an owner of business or investment property may exchange that property for other like-kind property within a statutorily mandated period of time, and defer current recognition of gain on the sale of the old property. 
Anyone who is related to the taxpayer, or who has had a financial relationship with the taxpayer (aside from providing routine financial services) within the two years prior to the close of escrow of the exchange cannot serve as the QI. This means that the taxpayer cannot use his or her current attorney, certified public accountant or real estate agent. A QI should be bonded and insured against errors and omissions. Relevant educational background such as tax, law or finance is desired. Nevada is the only state that requires a QI to be licensed.
The QI enters into a written agreement with the taxpayer where QI transfers the relinquished property to the buyer, and transfers the replacement property to the taxpayer pursuant to the exchange agreement. The QI holds the proceeds from the sale of the relinquished property in a trust or escrow account in order to ensure the Taxpayer never has actual or constructive receipt of the sale proceeds.
IRC §1441 Qualified Intermediary.
IRC §1441 et seq. regulates the withholding of income taxes from payments of U.S. source income made to a non-U.S. person. Generally, the U.S. payor must verify the Tax Identification Number (TIN) of its payees and withhold 30% of this payment if a TIN is not presented. A §1441 Qualified Intermediary (QI) is generally a foreign bank or other foreign financial institution that signs an agreement with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). Under the agreement, the QI maintains its own records of the U.S. or foreign status of the beneficial owners of the payments and may undertake responsibility for income reporting and tax withholding. The QI agreement is valid for 5 years and the QI entity is subject to an IRS or external audit periodically to confirm compliance with the agreement terms. The §1441 QI regime was later supplemented by foreign account reporting requirements under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act.

</doc>
