<doc id="19779951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779951" title="List of The Mysterious Cities of Gold characters">
List of The Mysterious Cities of Gold characters

This is a list of characters in the animated series "The Mysterious Cities of Gold" and "The Mysterious Cities of Gold (2012 TV series)".
Main characters.
Esteban.
Esteban (voiced by Shiraz Adam (English), Masako Nozawa (Japanese)) – An orphan who was rescued at sea as a young child by the Spanish navigator Mendoza. He wears one of the two sun medallions. He dreams of adventure and is very impulsive. Esteban has a fear of heights which is confounded by the people of Barcelona who believe him to be the "Child of the Sun" and hoist him up high at the port to call out the sun to aid the departing ships. He joins the Spaniards in their search for one of The Seven Cities of Gold in the New World, hoping to find his father.
Zia.
Zia (voiced by Janice Chaikelson (English), Rei Sakuma (Japanese)) – The daughter of an Incan high priest. She was kidnapped from Peru by the Spanish invaders and given as a present to the Queen of Spain. She met Esteban when she was taken by Governor Pizarro who wanted her to read the golden quipu. Zia wears a sun medallion like Esteban's, with an interlocking sun and moon disc.
Tao.
Tao (voiced by Adrian Knight (English), Junko Hori (Japanese) – The last living descendant of the sunken empire of Mu (Hiva in the English dub). He lived alone on the Galapagos islands following the death of his father. Initially he is evasive to the others' company when they wash up on his island, but when the ship "Solaris" was revealed he joined them on their journey.
Recurring characters.
The series features a wide range of secondary characters which the main characters meet along their journey in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="19779958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779958" title="Richard Holton">
Richard Holton

Richard Keith Holton (born: April 2, 1970) has worked in Interior Architecture and Interior Design on projects around the world as well as created his own fine art that has been exhibited in such places as the Norton Museum of Art in Palm Beach. Richard is first and foremost an artist and incorporates artwork into each project he pursues. Richard's trademark combines unique artwork and custom finishes to his designs. Many of the items in a finished Richard Holton design are created specifically for the client and are one of a kind. Richard is currently working on one of only two Quinlan Terry private residences to be built in the United States.
About.
Although Richard has lived and worked all around the world, he currently calls home Miami, FL. Richard owned and operated an artists' atelier in Dallas, TX in the design district for nearly 10 years before deciding to move to Miami. Prior to opening an atelier in Dallas, Richard worked in Palm Beach, FL doing mainly interior design and artistic finishes. Richard's accomplishments include many commercial projects but his focus has mainly been on residential. Richard has been hiring some of the worlds' foremost experts in trompe l'oeil, hand-painted textiles, large-scale murals, faux painting and other decorative arts. His decorative projects have been showcased around the world and are the artistic focus of many of the most expensive and lavish private residences built in the last century.
Richard Holton has contributed to many historical buildings and residences around the United States. He hired others to do the art deco murals for the Caliterra Restaurant in the Batterymarch Building7 in Boston, the restoration for the Casa Coral residence in Palm Beach as well as many other projects of historical note.
Education.
University of North Texas
School of Visual Arts
Major: Interior Design, summa cum laude
Minor: Construction Management
Awards and accolades.
Grand Prize Exhibition Design Decorex 19974
D Home Best Tablescapes 20041
D Home Best Painter 20043
The Art of Fine Dining: Beautiful Table Settings5, The Norton Museum of Art, 2006
References.
1. D Home, Jan/Feb 2005
2. D Home, Nov/Dec 2004
3. D Home, Sept/Oct 2004
4. Decorex
5. PanacheDaily.com
6. Palm Beach Illustrated, Palm Beach Media Group, Jan 2003
7. The Bostonian Society
8. Bacon, Edwin M., "The book of Boston : fifty years' recollections of the New England metropolis," Book of Boston Co., 1916

</doc>
<doc id="19779959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779959" title="Wiggle (book)">
Wiggle (book)

Wiggle is a children's picture book by Doreen Cronin and is illustrated by Scott Menchin.
Plot.
The book is about wiggling. For instance, "First wiggle where your tail would be. Then wiggle all your hair. Feeling extra silly? Wiggle in your underwear!"
Reception.
A Kirkus Reviews review says, "Though Menchin features a clearly drawn dog acting out most of the wiggles in his digitally drawn cartoons, a crocodile and a newly hatched bird are not posed in ways that provide visual cues. Still, not too bad a choice for preschoolers in need of a wiggle break". A School Library Journal review says, "Pair this sunny, silly book with Jonathan London's Wiggle Waggle (1999) or Katie Davis's Who Hops? (1998,both Harcourt) for an active storytime about animals in motion". Susan Dove Lempke, of Horn Book Magazine, reviewed thwe book saying, "This high-energy book will work well with young groups all the way to the end: “I think we’re out of wiggles now. See you wiggle soon!”".

</doc>
<doc id="19779979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779979" title="Arnica venosa">
Arnica venosa

Arnica venosa is an uncommon species of arnica known by the common name Shasta County arnica. 
It is endemic to the Klamath Mountains of northwestern California, where it can be found only in Shasta and Trinity Counties. 
Description.
"Arnica venosa" is a perennial herb usually producing one or more hairy, glandular stems up to about 50 centimeters tall. There are six to ten pairs of veiny, toothed leaves along the stem, each lance- to oval-shaped and 3 to 7 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence bears a single flower head lined with hairy phyllaries. The head is discoid, containing only yellow disc florets, and no ray florets. 
The fruit is an achene about 7 millimeters long, not counting its white pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19779981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779981" title="Bashley Cricket Club">
Bashley Cricket Club

Bashley Cricket Club is an amateur cricket club based at Bashley in Hampshire. The club's first team plays in the Southern Premier Cricket League, which is one of the ECB Premier Leagues that are the highest level of the amateur, recreational sport in England and Wales. 
The club was founded in 1947 at the Rydal Hotel in New Milton, and played in local cricket in the Bournemouth area. It moved to its present ground at Bashley in 1979. The club's official name is still "Bashley (Rydal) Cricket Club".
Bashley was promoted into the Southern cricket league in 1994 and has been a member of the ECB-backed Southern Premier Cricket League since its formation in 2000. In 2006, it finished as runner-up in the league, its highest placing.

</doc>
<doc id="19779998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19779998" title="Onitsha (novel)">
Onitsha (novel)

Onitsha is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio. It was originally published in French in 1991 and an English translation was released in 1997.
Plot summary.
Onitsha tells the story of Fintan, a young European boy who travels from Bordeaux to the port of Marseilles to sail along the coast of Africa to the mouth of the Niger River to Onitsha in colonial Nigeria with his Italian mother (nicknamed Maou) in the year 1948. Warren Motte wrote a review in World Literature Today to note that, like many of Le Clézio's writings Onitsha is a novel of apprenticeship. He mentions that the very first words of the novel inscribe the theme of the journey and announce that it will occupy the foreground of the tale and he quotes a passage from Ontisha to exemplify Fintan's reluctance to embark upon that journey
It was a long journey as Le Clézio wrote:
They were intending to meet Geoffroy Allen (Fintan's English father an oil company executive who is obsessed with uncovering the area's ancient history by tracking down myths and legends) whom Fintan has never met. Onitsha depicts childhood, because it is written semi-autobiographically, but seen through the eyes of Fintan and to lesser extent his father, and his mother, who is not able to fit in with the colonial society of the town of Onitsha with its casual acceptance of 'native' slave labour.
Le Clézio wrote:
Eventually, Fintan's father loses his job with the United Africa Company and moves the family first to London, then to the south of France. Sabine Rhodes, another British National, already a miscast in the colony recognises the inevitable The novel ends on a note of rebellion against the white rulers and points towards the coming of the neocolonialism of conglomerates which would finally begin another form of economic exploitation of a country rich in oil.
Critique.
The book is a critique on racism and the vestiges of colonialism as seen from the youthful perspective of the main character
Throughout the book, Fintan's rejection of colonialism is symbolized by the attacks of his mother Maou, who increasingly speaks out against the way the colonials treat the indigenous people. The book seemingly mimics Le Clézio's own life, especially when the character travels back to Africa in an attempt to fill in the sense of loss he had suffered, to renew it in his mind, a task that ends in a dead end.
Translating Onitsha.
Alison Anderson is the author of "Darwin's Wink" and the translator of seventeen books, including "The Elegance of the Hedgehog", by Muriel Barbery. Anderson wrote about how it was for her to have translated "Onitsha" for the fall 1997 edition of World Literature Today 
Alison Anderson published her own synopsis of "Onitsha"
External links.
Search.
A "Google Book search" accesses the contents of the book as well as giving a list of places mentioned in the book and also accesses the reader to an excerpt of the English version of "Onitsha" (chapter one "A long Voyage").

</doc>
<doc id="19780008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780008" title="Imperial Eagle beaker">
Imperial Eagle beaker

An Imperial Eagle beaker (), or eagle glass, was a popular drinking vessel from the 16th until the late 18th century in the Holy Roman Empire. The glass was decorated with a double-headed eagle, usually in the shape of a quaternion. The "Reichsadler" means "Imperial Eagle" or double-headed eagle which was the emblem of the empire, while "humpen" refers to a cylindrical drinking glass.These beakers became the essential medium to represent the most popular explanatory model for the emergence of the Empire: the quaternion theory as represented by Hans Burgkmair. 
The Imperial Eagle beakers showed the solidarity between the owner and the Empire and were very popular because of their decorativeness and luminous colors. But these drinking vessels were also valued for their generous size. Equally popular were the electors' beakers, which were decorated with illustrations of the emperor and electors as the most important representatives of the Empire. 
Many good examples of Imperial Eagle beakers are on display in museums worldwide. At auctions well-preserved pieces achieve a selling price of up to several thousand Euros.
Appearance.
Most Imperial Eagle beakers had a capacity of three to four liters and were crafted from white or coloured glass. The cylindrical Imperial Eagle beakers are 20 to 32 cm in height and have a diameter of 10 to 15 cm. These beakers were occasionally crafted with a lid and a foot made out of brass or tin. The decorations were painted on the glass with enamel. This technique had reached Germany from Venice via Tirol. Using the enamel method, the paints were blended with crushed glass. After the surface was painted, the glasses were heated once again in order to melt the newly painted colour onto the surface. With this method, the durability of the painting and brightly shining colours was achieved.
Originally, the eagle was represented with the holy cross or a picture of the crucified Jesus on its chest. The cross symbolized the Christian foundation of the Empire with the Imperial eagle protecting the church. Since the beginning of the 17th century, the crucified Jesus has generally been replaced with a representation of the Empire's orb.
A total of 56 coats of arms of 'electors', as well as of estates of the empire and of imperial cities are depicted on the wings in quaternion formation as a symbol of the Imperial Constitution. The coats of arms of both the electors and the Pope are placed in the first row next to the eagle's head. Below, twelve stripes with four coats of arms each can be seen. Representations of the imperial eagle, the emperor and the electors have been common since the rule of Leopold I at the end of the 17th Century. The double-headed eagle, which symbolizes the Empire as a whole, is crowned and given a halo as a sign of the sanctity of the empire.
Dedications can often be found on the back of the Imperial Eagle beaker, as well as explanations of the representation, the date of creation and the name of the glass creator.
On a beaker from 1669, which today is exhibited in the museum "Grimma", one can read the following passage: 
"The Holy Roman Empire; with all members in the year 1669 Hanß George Sommer" . 
Toasts and blessings from the end of the Thirty Years' War point to the use of the Imperial Eagle beaker at welcoming ceremonies. They were also used at the meetings of guilds: the large capacity is an indication of this.
History and Meaning.
In the 16th and 17th century representations of the emperor, electors and the imperial eagle were very popular. Images on wood and copper engravings of well-known contemporary artists often served as models for the decoration of implements and objects of daily use. Apart from the imperial eagle beaker, drinking vessels made of stoneware, pewter plates and stove tiles also carried these motifs. 
A beaker from 1571, which is currently on display at the British Museum in London, is considered the oldest exemplar. One of the five oldest beakers from 1572 is on display at the 'Württembergischen Landesmuseum' in Stuttgart. Imperial eagle beakers continued to be produced almost unaltered until the middle of the eighteenth century, at which time it seems as if production came to an end. The beakers were mainly produced in Bohemia, Saxony, Thuringia, Hesse and in the Fichtelgebirge. The significance of the imperial eagle beakers for the glassware craft in those regions can be seen by the fact that the glassmakers' guild of the Bohemian Kreibitz in 1669 demanded the production of an imperial eagle beaker as a masterpiece in one and a half days.
Through the Imperial Eagles the ideal of the durable unity of the Holy Roman Empire took decorative shape and demonstrates the emotional relationship of a broad public to the Empire. The imperial eagle was mostly pictured in the form of a quaternion eagle which related the theory of quaternions to one of the most important symbols of the Empire. As the structure of the Empire was in need of explanation, even for contemporaries, the quaternion model was meant to depict the fabric of the Empire. It was developed in the 14th century and remained popular until the end of the Empire. The model divided the classes of the Empire into fictitious groups of four, the quaternions, whose members shared one common feature: hence, the group of worldly electors, the margraves, et cetera. This, however, often caused misleading and inappropriate constellations due to the endeavour to come up to the quaternion. Nevertheless, the success of the model was not affected.
Early modern drinking culture, in which toasting was a very important custom, resulted in the beaker being connected to the "Imperial Eagle" as an expression of solidarity between the owner and the Empire. This connection with the Empire was especially strong for the "man on the street" and among the lower classes generally. For this reason the Imperial Eagle Beaker was mostly found amongst the lower aristocracy and the bourgeoisie; i.e. amongst Patricians and in city guilds. Most of the proven beaker-owners were craftsmen and guilds. Only a few exemplars have been found in baronial ownership.
The term "Roman Empire" was frequently used in connection with the Imperial Eagle beaker. In Richard Braithwaite's (1588-1673) work "Disputatio inauguralis theoretico-practica jus potandi", written in 1616 under the pseudonym "Blasius Multibibus“ and published anonymously in the same year in the German translation with the title "Ius Potandi" (or "Drinking laws"), we can read that, to ward off melancholy:
"one must invite merry men / and good friends round / to wipe the dust off the Roman Empire and other drinking lords (? vnd andern Sauff Lauxen )/ and so encourage merry revelling and drinking parties."
The historian Sven Lüken assumes that Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was thinking of an Imperial Eagle beaker when he has the revellers in Auerbach’s cellar sing:
"The dear Holy Roman Empire, how does it stay together?"
At the end of the 19th century, Imperial Eagle beakers were frequently faked.

</doc>
<doc id="19780023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780023" title="Väinö Bremer">
Väinö Bremer

Väinö Elias Bremer (24 April 1899 – 23 December 1964) was a Finnish biathlete and modern pentathlete who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Turku.
In 1924 Winter Games he was a member of the Finnish military patrol team which won the silver medal. He also competed in the 1924 Summer Games and finished seventh in the Modern pentathlon event.
He was killed in a plane crash in Kerava, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19780027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780027" title="Youth of the Croatian Democratic Union">
Youth of the Croatian Democratic Union

The Youth of the Croatian Democratic Union (), abbreviated to MHDZ, is the youth organisation of the Croatian Democratic Union. To be a member, one has to be between 16 and 30 years old. The MHDZ was founded on 13 September 1990.
International relations.
The MHDZ is member of the Youth of the European People's Party (YEPP), a European umbrella organisation of Christian democratic and conservative youth organisations of Europe, the Democrat Youth Community of Europe (DEMYC) and the international umbrella organisation International Young Democrat Union (IYDU).

</doc>
<doc id="19780071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780071" title="Texas Tornado (song)">
Texas Tornado (song)

"Texas Tornado" is a song written by Bobby Braddock, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It was released in April 1995 as the third single from Lawrence's album "I See It Now". It became his sixth Number One hit on the "Billboard" country singles charts and also reached number-one on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. 
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo country ballad in which the narrator recalls a lover, whom he describes as a "Texas tornado, blowing away again". It was also the only track on "I See It Now" that Lawrence produced himself.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Marc Ball and premiered in April 1995. The video pictures Lawrence as a ranch hand who is smitten with a "Texas tornado" of a woman. As each clip in the series unfolds, Lawrence appears dressed in the garb from the previous video, as he makes a "quantum leap" into a new time zone and tune. The sequence includes such clips as "Renegades, Rebels, and Rogues", "If the Good Die Young", and "As Any Fool Can See". "The idea of tying all the videos together seemed logical, and once we hit on the concept of time travel, it just seemed natural," says Ball of the serial format. "We figured maybe the fans would grow to love it, even though the songs are vastly different from one another." 
Chart positions.
"Texas Tornado" debuted at number 64 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of April 15, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19780072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780072" title="Arnica viscosa">
Arnica viscosa

Arnica viscosa is an uncommon species of arnica known by the common name Mount Shasta arnica. 
It is native to the Klamath Mountains and surrounding southern Cascade Range in northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in subalpine to alpine climates. 
Description.
"Arnica viscosa" is a perennial herb usually producing one or more hairy, glandular stems 20 to 50 centimeters tall. There are five to ten pairs of oblong leaves along the stem each a few centimeters long. 
The inflorescence bears many flower heads lined with hairy, glandular phyllaries. The head is discoid, containing only yellow disc florets, and no ray florets. 
The fruit is an achene about 5 or 6 millimeters long, not counting its white to brownish pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19780079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780079" title="Heikki Hirvonen">
Heikki Hirvonen

Heikki Hirvonen (February 8, 1895, Rääkkylä – August 19, 1973) was a Finnish biathlete who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Rääkkylä and died in Riihimäki. In 1924 he was a member of the Finnish military patrol team which won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19780091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780091" title="Waldir">
Waldir

Waldir is a Portuguese given name, most commonly used in Brazil, derived from the German name Walter. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780100" title="Chosen Ones">
Chosen Ones

Chosen Ones is the 2nd live album & 14th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX. It was their last album to feature long-time lead guitarist & producer Karl Messner, who left in September 2007 to focus on his family.
History.
In July 2007, ApologetiX fans were given a list of unreleased parodies & asked them to choose 10 favorites. ApologetiX then performed the chosen songs in front of a live audience in Lisbon, Ohio on 3 August 2007. ApologetiX also chose to rerecord two previously released tracks, as they thought the current live versions were superior to the originals.

</doc>
<doc id="19780119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780119" title="Valdir">
Valdir

Valdir is a given name, most commonly used in Brazil. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780120" title="August Eskelinen">
August Eskelinen

August "Aku" Eskelinen (July 16, 1898 – June 10, 1987) was a Finnish biathlete who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
Eskelinen was born in Iisalmi. In 1924 he was a member of the Finnish military patrol team which won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19780158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780158" title="Xəndək">
Xəndək

Xəndək or Khandek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780160" title="Barthélémy Djabla">
Barthélémy Djabla

Barthélémy Djabla (1936 – September 15, 2008) was the Ivorian Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gagnoa, based in Gagnoa, Côte d'Ivoire.
Djabla was born in Mahibouo, Côte d'Ivoire. He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest on March 15, 1964. He became a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Pedro-en-Côte d'Ivoire on January 7, 1990. He was further installed as the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gagnoa on September 24, 2006.
Barthélémy Djabla remained Archbishop of Gagnoa until his death on September 15, 2008, in Abidjan at the age of 72. He was succeeded as Archbishop of Gagnoa by Archbishop Joseph Ake Yabo.

</doc>
<doc id="19780163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780163" title="Aleksandr Kukanos">
Aleksandr Kukanos

Aleksandr Vladimirovich Kukanos (; born May 30, 1985) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Khimki.

</doc>
<doc id="19780180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780180" title="Hawkeye (TV series)">
Hawkeye (TV series)

Hawkeye is a television series, airing in syndication for one season during 1994-1995, and produced by Stephen J. Cannell. The series was filmed in North Vancouver and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Based on characters from the Leatherstocking Tales, a set of novels written by James Fenimore Cooper, the series takes place in 1755 Hudson Valley, New York during the French and Indian War. It follows the main character, Natty Bumppo (Lee Horsley), his Native American companion Chingachgook (Rodney A. Grant), English trading post owner Elizabeth Shields (Lynda Carter, TV's Wonder Woman) and other people stationed at or living in the vicinity of Fort Bennington.
Episode list.
Twenty-two episodes were broadcast, the pilot being shown in two parts and later distributed as one show on VHS. The entire series is now on DVD.
DVD release.
On March 22, 2011, Mill Creek Entertainment released "Hawkeye: The Complete Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19780193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780193" title="List of Shikabane Hime episodes">
List of Shikabane Hime episodes

The episodes of the anime series "Shikabane Hime" are based on the manga series "Shikabane Hime" by Yoshiichi Akahito. Produced by Feel and Gainax, the first season, also known as "Shikabane Hime: Aka", premiered in Japan on AT-X on October 2, 2008 and ran until December 25, 2008. The episodes also air on BS11, Chiba TV, KBS Kyoto, Sun TV, Tokyo MX, TV Aichi, TV Kanagawa and TV Saitama. A second season, subtitled "Shikabane Hime: Kuro", has been announced and began airing in Japan in January 2009. A series of Japanese DVDs, with each of them containing 4 episodes, will start being released on January 7, 2009.
The series is licensed for North American distribution and release by Funimation Entertainment. On October 24, 2008, the first thirteen episodes began airing online with English subtitles through Funimation's official YouTube, Joost, and Hulu.com channels, with higher end downloadable versions released on the company's own website. Funimation noted that they hope this relatively quick release through online means will help prevent piracy. Traditionally, according to the president of Funimation Entertainment Gen Fukunaga, "by the time a licensing deal is signed to bring a series from Japan to the U.S. the episodes are already available as illegal downloads."
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19780194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780194" title="Flu Bird Horror">
Flu Bird Horror

Flu Bird Horror is a 2008 made-for-television horror Sci Fi Pictures original film written by Tony Daniel and Brian D. Smith, and directed by Leigh Scott. It first aired on The Sci-Fi Channel on August 23, 2008, and was released to DVD as "Flu Birds" on September 30, 2008. The film's reviews were negative to mixed. Reviewers note the film for being representative of low-budget films being created for and aired on the Sci-Fi Channel.
Plot.
Six teenagers on a chaperoned rehabilitation camping trip find themselves being hunted by mutant giant birds infected with a mysterious virus that changed the birds into deadly predators.
Porky is the first to be injured by the birds. The teens devise a plan to escape, with Johnson proclaiming himself leader. When the teens flee to a military bunker, the birds follow. Ava finds a walkie talkie and gets in contact with park ranger Garrett (Lance Guest), asking for rescue. The group flees the fort as Porky is eaten alive. Garrett and Jacqueline head out to save the teenagers. After a successful escape, Derrick is attacked by a bird but escapes. The group continues north and discovers a house. They check the nearby shed, which is a meat locker.
Derrick's infection begins ravaging his body and Johnson plans to shoot him because he's a liability. Garret and Jacqueline pinpoint the teens' location, but can't reach them because the birds are outside. The group makes a run for the meat shed. Lola and Ava throw out some meat to catch the birds' attention but the birds aren't taking it; they like fresh meat. Derrick hobbles out and offers himself as bait to the birds. They attack and eat him alive. The group finally meets Garrett and Jacqueline and load into the car. The birds attack the car, and Garrett loses control, flipping the car over. Everyone takes shelter under a concrete tunnel. They return to the military bunker, which is leaking gas. They make a plan to blow up the birds using explosives. Johnson wants to be the bait to lure the birds in. As they all flee, Ava pauses, looking back sadly at Johnson, who says he'll make it. The birds block Johnson's escape route and he shoots the explosive, sending the building in flames. The group leaves, remembering Johnson.
Reception.
"Blog Critics" poked fun at Sci-Fi Channel movies in their review of the film when they wrote "the mutated strain of bird flu started because of mysterious mutant birds in that forest where all Sci-Fi Channel movies are filmed." They made note of a stereotype cast, poor dialog, and several flaws with "Sluggish pacing, downtime, countless continuity errors, and repetitive dialogue are to be expected for a movie shot with something that can’t even be considered a budget, but "Flu Bird Horror" takes this to the extreme". "Dread Central" felt that the story concept was more plausible than that of ABC's 2006 airing of "", but noted that the virus aspect as used in the film made little sense, writing "everything wrong with the film can be traced back to the nonsensical script." They opined that the birds themselves were the stars of the film when they wrote "Those zombie buzzards are the true stars of Flu Bird Horror — both ghastly and goofy all at the same time". While noting that casting was not optimum, they wrote "On the plus side, I can't complain about the acting. I can complain about the dialogue, but I can't complain about the actors themselves." In consideration of the film's weaknesses, they still found it worthwhile by their writing "almost miraculously, "Flu Bird Horror" remains fairly watchable and I honestly don't know how Scott and company pulled it off all things considered". "Monsters & Critics" panned the acting, writing that it "ranges from horrible to maniacally over-the-top." However, they granted the film was somewhat better than most bad horror films even though representative of what is being expected from the Sci-Fi Channel by writing ""Flu Birds" is potentially some “nature on the rampage” goofball fun and a lot better than "Ghouls", but it’s still not a quality film. Not that you’d be expecting one with Sci-Fi Channel emblazoned on the front". "DVD Talk" panned the film as "fairly bottom-of-the-barrel stuff, even by creature feature standards", concluding that the "characters are completely uninteresting and the ending is underwhelming and disappointing".

</doc>
<doc id="19780216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780216" title="Fashion Rocks">
Fashion Rocks

Fashion Rocks is an annual international charity fundraiser event which features fashions by the world's top designers being presented to live performances by popular music acts.
Fashion Rocks Worldwide is the owner of the intellectual property rights to the Fashion Rocks brand.
The inaugural event was held at the Royal Albert Hall on October 15, 2003. Seventeen designers presented that night, including Donatella Versace and Alexander McQueen, with Björk, Jane's Addiction, Beyoncé, Robbie Williams, Grace Jones, Milla Jovovich, Blue and Duran Duran being among the performers. Proceeds went to The Prince's Trust, which totalled £1-million.
In 2004 Avril Lavigne performed along with John Rzeznik the mega-hit "Iris" by the Goo Goo Dolls. Other performers included Alicia Keys, Beyoncé, Usher with Dave Navarro, and the Pussycat Dolls along Marc Almond.
The second such event for the Prince's Trust was held on October 17, 2005 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monte Carlo and was sponsored by Swarovski. Hosted by Jerry Hall, a dozen designers presented that night, including Alexander McQueen, Calvin Klein, Dolce & Gabbana, Giorgio Armani, Prada, Roberto Cavalli, Versace and Vivienne Westwood. Musical guests included Blondie, Craig David, Amerie, Mariah Carey, Bon Jovi, Jamie Cullum and Róisín Murphy.
That same year, Condé Nast held an identically-named event on September 8 at Radio City Music Hall which kicked off New York Fashion Week. Among the performers that night were David Bowie, Gwen Stefani, Duran Duran, Alicia Keys, Tim McGraw, Shakira, Nelly, Billy Idol, Arcade Fire and Destiny's Child (in their last televised appearance as a group). Proceeds from the night went to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts 
In 2006, Elton John hosted the event, with proceeds to go to the Elton John AIDS Foundation. Among the performers were Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Christina Aguilera, The Black Eyed Peas, and Nelly Furtado.
The 2007 event featured performances from artists such as Aerosmith, Avril Lavigne, Mary J. Blige, Usher, Jennifer Hudson, Santana, Alicia Keys, Carrie Underwood, Lily Allen, Sugababes, Maroon 5, Róisín Murphy and Jennifer Lopez.
The 2008 event was hosted by Denis Leary and featured Ciara, Rihanna, Justin Timberlake, Miley Cyrus, Beyoncé, Mariah Carey, Natasha Bedingfield, Fergie, Kid Rock&Lynyrd Skynyrd(performed together), Keith Urban, Duffy, the Pussycat Dolls and The Black Eyed Peas. Proceeds went to Stand Up To Cancer.
The 2009 event took place in Rio de Janeiro, in Brazil, presenting designers such as Riccardo Tisci, Lenny Niemeyer, Calvin Klein, Lino Villaventura, André Lima, Marc Jacobs, Alexandre Herchcovitch and Donatella Versace. The event was hosted by model Fernanda Lima and rapper Diddy. Musical guests performing at the event included Mariah Carey, Wanessa, Ja Rule, Diddy-Dirty Money, Daniela Mercury, Grace Jones, Estelle, Ciara and Stop Play Moon.
The brand's content and commerce website, fashionrocks.com, is set to launch in the Summer of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19780225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780225" title="One Horse Blue">
One Horse Blue

One Horse Blue was a Canadian country music group that existed from 1975 to 1981 and, as reconstituted, from 1993 to 1995, releasing five albums.
History.
Originally formed in 1975 in Edmonton, Alberta with members Winston Quelch, Bob Burghardt, Randy Lloyd, Michael Shellard, Ian Oscar and Ron (Rocko) Vaugeois, the band was active between 1977 and 1981, and again from 1993 to 1995. They charted several singles on the "RPM" Top Country Tracks charts and recorded four albums, before disbanding in 1981.
By 1993, Shellard and Maxwell had reformed the band, with Jim Foster, co-founder of Fosterchild, taking over on guitar. This new lineup produced a fifth album, as well as two Number One hits in "Hopeless Love" and "Bringing Back Your Love", both from 1995.
In terms of later, occasional performances, the band was recently composed of Gord Maxwell (lead vocals, bass guitar), Larry Pink (keyboards), Michael Shellard (background vocals, and Ron (Rocko) Vaugeois (drums, background vocals).

</doc>
<doc id="19780251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780251" title="Bill Kinnear">
Bill Kinnear

William George Kinnear (19 August 1914 – 7 December 1982) was an Australian sportsman who represented Victoria at first-class cricket and played Australian rules football with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Born in West Brunswick, Kinnear came from a strong sporting family with his brother Joe Kinnear playing VFL football at Melbourne and also cricket for Victoria. His nephew Colin later coached the Sydney Swans.
Kinnear made his only first-class cricket appearance with Victoria during the 1935/36 cricket season, against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. Opening the batting for Victoria, who amassed 531 runs, Kinnear managed to contribute only two of them before being dismissed by future South Melbourne footballer Alan Pearsall.
His football career at the top level was also brief, with three senior games for Essendon in the 1936 VFL season, against North Melbourne, Carlton and Collingwood mid year.

</doc>
<doc id="19780263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780263" title="Tristram Bethea House">
Tristram Bethea House

The Tristram Bethea House, also known as Pleasant Ridge, is a historic plantation house in Canton Bend, Alabama. The two-story brick house was built in 1842 in the Federal style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 11, 1985.
History.
The Tristram Bethea House was built in 1842 by Tristram Benjamin Bethea, an attorney from South Carolina. It was acquired by George O. Miller on October 7, 1850, when Bethea moved to Mobile. Miller paid $2800 for the house and . It was later purchased by Joseph Eugene Strother and remained in that family until 1987, when it was purchased by Cliff Redenour and Ron Smith. Redenour and Smith did a major restoration of the house and sold it to the Blanton family in 1995. It was sold again to the Stewart family in 1999.
Architecture.
A simple two-story central portico with simple box columns adorns the front elevation and shelters the doors on both levels. The front doorways on the first and second stories both feature sidelights and full fanlights. It is the only brick antebellum house in Wilcox County.

</doc>
<doc id="19780296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780296" title="Roderigo">
Roderigo

Roderigo is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Othello" (c.1601-1604), where he serves as the secondary antagonist of the play. He is a dissolute Venetian lusting after Othello's wife Desdemona. Roderigo has opened his purse to Iago in the mistaken belief that Iago is using his money to pave the way to Desdemona's bed. When the assassination of Michael Cassio runs amiss, Iago fatally wounds Roderigo. 
Shakespeare's source for "Othello" was the tale "Un Capitano Moro" by Cinthio, and, while Shakespeare closely followed his source in composing "Othello", Roderigo has no counterpart in Cinthio. The character is completely Shakespeare's invention.
Source.
"Othello" has its source in the 1565 tale "Un Capitano Moro" from "Gli Hecatommithi" by Giovanni Battista Giraldi Cinthio. While no English translation of Cinthio was available in print during Shakespeare's lifetime, it is possible the dramatist knew the Italian original, Gabriel Chappuy's 1584 French translation, or an English translation in manuscript. Cinthio's tale may have been based on an actual incident occurring in Venice about 1508.
Role in "Othello".
Roderigo makes his first appearance in Act One, Scene One when, as Iago's confederate, he rouses Brabantio with the news that Desdemona has eloped with Othello. In the following scene, he accompanies Brabantio to the Sagittary where the newlyweds are found. He is present in Act One Scene Three when the couple defend their union before the Duke. In Act Two Scene One, Roderigo disembarks to Cyprus, and, two scenes later, provokes the brawl that results in Cassio's disgrace. Roderigo next appears in Act Four Scene Two where Iago lures him into a plot to murder Cassio. In Act Five Scene One, Roderigo fails to kill Cassio, and is himself wounded in the attempt. Iago discovers Roderigo and renders the coup de grâce. Finally realising how he has been deceived, Roderigo curses Iago before being stabbed and left for dead. But it is later revealed that he had written letters before his death to tell the truth about Iago's plot.
Performances.
Based on the fact that "Othello" was composed in near proximity chronologically to the composition of "Twelfth Night", modern interpreters of Roderigo sometimes play the role as a dimwitted fop in the manner of Andrew Aguecheek or Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, with the rationale being all four roles would have been played by an actor in Shakespeare's company specializing in foppish characters.
Robert Coote played Roderigo in Orson Welles' 1952 film. The production was filmed over a three-year period and was hampered by its Italian backer declaring bankruptcy early on in the shoot. As a result, a lack of costumes forced Roderigo's murder to be staged in a Turkish bath with the performers garbed in large, ragged towels.
Other film interpreters of the role include Ferdinand von Alten in the 1922 silent version starring Emil Jannings, Robert Lang in the 1965 version starring Laurence Olivier, and Michael Maloney in the film version with Laurence Fishburne.
In 2006, "Omkara", the Bollywood version of "Othello", Roderigo née Rajan ’Rajju’ Tiwari was played by Deepak Dobriyal.

</doc>
<doc id="19780338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780338" title="Jakie Quartz">
Jakie Quartz

Jakie Quartz (born Jacqueline Cuchet, July 31, 1955) is a French singer. Her biggest hit singles in France were "Mise au point" (1983, covered by Leslie in 2007 and Quentin Mosimann in 2008), "Vivre ailleurs" (1986, #11 in France, produced by Secret Service) and "À la vie à l'amour" (1987, #30 in France and #55 in the UK Singles Chart )

</doc>
<doc id="19780342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780342" title="No More (1944 song)">
No More (1944 song)

"No More" is a song with music by Toots Camarata (also known as Tutti Camarata) and words by Bob Russell. It's usually mentioned in connection with Billie Holiday, who recorded it on October 4, 1944.
According to one source, Holiday would refer to "No More" as one of her favorite songs.
Recording session.
Billie Holiday, with Toots Camarata and his orchestra (Decca) New York, October 4, 1944: with Russ Case (trumpet), Hymie Schertzer (alto saxophone), Jack Cressey (alto saxophone), Larry Binyon (tenor saxophone), Paul Ricci (tenor saxophone), Dave Bowman (piano), Carl Kress (guitar), Haig Stephens (bass), Johnny Blowers drums, Toots Camarata (conductor, arranger), Billie Holiday vocal + 6 strings
Other notable vocal versions.
Other singers who have performed it include:

</doc>
<doc id="19780345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780345" title="Artemisia arbuscula">
Artemisia arbuscula

Artemisia arbuscula is a species of sagebrush known by the common names little sagebrush, low sagebrush, or black sagebrush. 
It is native to the western United States from Washington to California to Colorado, where it grows in open, exposed habitat on dry, sterile soils high in rock and clay content. This is a gray-green to gray shrub forming mounds generally no higher than 30 centimeters. Its many branches are covered in hairy leaves each less than a centimeter long. The inflorescence is a spike-shaped array of clusters of hairy flower heads. Each head contains a few pale yellow disc florets. The fruit is a tiny achene less than a millimeter wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19780353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780353" title="Mount Minto (Nunavut)">
Mount Minto (Nunavut)

Mount Minto (previously, Conical Hill) is a mountain located on northern Bell Peninsula, Southampton Island, in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. From eastward, it has a conical shape.
It is named after Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 2nd Earl of Minto, first Lord of the Admiralty.

</doc>
<doc id="19780372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780372" title="Wilson v First County Trust Ltd (No 2)">
Wilson v First County Trust Ltd (No 2)

Wilson v First County Trust Ltd (No 2) [http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200203/ldjudgmt/jd030710/will-1.htm UKHL 40 is a United Kingdom human rights, consumer protection and contract law case. It made a decision on the applicability of Art 1, Prot 1 of the ECHR and some important observations on the relevance of Hansard in litigation. It also raised a small point on unjust enrichment claims under the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
Facts.
Mrs Penelope Wilson pawned (or "pledged") her BMW 318 convertible for £5000 to a two-person company called First County Trust Ltd (i.e. she gave her car as security for a loan of £5000). She had to pay £304.50 per month in interest (a 94.78% pa interest rate). There was also a £250 "document fee", but because Mrs Wilson could not pay it, the fee was added to the loan. Six months later she had to redeem the car by paying the full amount of £7,327, or the car would be sold. She did not pay six months later. When the pawnbroker asked her for the money, instead of paying, she brought an action against him under the Consumer Credit Act 1974 to get her car back. Under s 127(3) an improperly executed consumer credit agreement - such as one where the debtor does not sign and the document does not contain all the prescribed terms of the agreement - is unenforceable by a creditor. Mrs Wilson argued that the £250 was not part of the credit under the agreement, and therefore where the document stated that £5250 was given as a loan, this was incorrect. Therefore she argued the loan was unenforceable.
Judgment.
High Court.
Judge Hull QC held that the fee of £250 was in fact part of the amount of the credit. So the agreement was enforceable. However, he also held that the agreement was an "extortionate credit bargain" and used his power under the 1974 Act to reduce the amount of interest by one half. Mrs Wilson appealed.
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal (Sir Andrew Morritt VC, Rix LJ and Chadwick LJ QB 407) held that the £250 was not credit, and therefore because the document had misstated the terms contrary to the 1974 Act, the agreement was unenforceable. However they went on in another judgment ([2001 EWCA Civ 633) to hold that because the 1974 Act made consumer agreements wholly unenforceable, it was both contrary to the right to a fair trial (Article 6 ECHR) and the right to peaceful enjoyment of one's possessions (Prot 1, Art 1 ECHR). Because the 1974 Act rendered the agreement unenforceable, the Court of Appeal held that the right to a fair trial was breached, and because no money could be recovered for the loan with an unenforceable agreement, the 1974 Act interfered with the right to possessions disproportionately.
They therefore issued a declaration of incompatibility under the Human Rights Act 1998 s 4.
House of Lords.
Lord Nicholls (with whom Lords Hobhouse, Hope, Rodger and Scott delivered concurred) held that the Consumer Credit Act 1974 s 127(3) was not incompatible with the ECHR. On art 6 ECHR he emphasised that the right to a fair trial is a procedural right, not a substantive right, and that because the pawn brokers were not denied access to court, but only precluded in their substantive right of having a binding agreement, art 6 was not engaged. On prot 1, art 1 ECHR, he held that the right was not violated, because s 127(3) was intended by Parliament to make any unfair contract unenforceable, so that one might not even get the amount back (possibly even in a mildly penal approach). At 71 he remarked,
‘Something more drastic was needed in order to focus attention on the need for lenders to comply strictly with these particular obligations.’
Even though in individual cases there may be bad outcomes, the policy ‘overall... may well be a proportionate response’ There was a ‘perennial social problem’ [79. He did add, if the loan was £250,000, rather than £25,000, he might have said different. Therefore the 1974 Act was a proportionate balancing of the rights of consumers against pawnbrokers.

</doc>
<doc id="19780376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780376" title="Lister Medal">
Lister Medal

__NOTOC__
The Lister Medal is an award presented by the Royal College of Surgeons of England in recognition of contributions to surgical science. It is named after the English surgeon Joseph Lister (1827-1912), whose work on antiseptics established the basis of modern sterile surgery.
The medal has its origins in the Lister Memorial Fund, started by the Royal Society, which was raised by public subscription after Lister's death, with the object of creating a lasting mark of respect to his memory. In 1920, the Royal College of Surgeons of England became the trustees and administrators of the fund. They were entrusted with the task of awarding a monetary prize and a bronze medal (gold since 1984) every three years, irrespective of nationality, to those who had made outstanding contributions to surgical science. The triennial award is decided by a committee representing the Royal Society, the Royal College of Surgeons of England, the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, the University of Edinburgh, and the University of Glasgow.
The Lister Medal, although it is not always awarded to a surgeon, is one of the most prestigious honours a surgeon can receive. The obverse of the medal consists of a representation of a bust of Lord Lister. The reverse side has the recipient's name across centre, and around the edge of the medal is text naming the award along with the dedication:
On the occasion of the award, the medallist delivers the Lister Oration (sometimes called the "Lister Memorial Lecture"). The first award was announced in 1924, with the presentation and the lecture taking place the following year. The most recent award was made in 2010, with a total of 26 people having received the medal to date.

</doc>
<doc id="19780377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780377" title="Crown Pilot Crackers">
Crown Pilot Crackers

Crown Pilot was a brand of cracker popular in much of New England in the United States. It was manufactured by Nabisco (a subsidiary of Kraft Foods as of 2000) until it was discontinued in the first quarter of 2008. The cracker was unsalted, and closely related to the food "hardtack". The crackers were an important ingredient in historical recipes of clam chowder and a staple in many New England pantries.
History.
The Crown Pilot cracker is Nabisco's oldest recipe, which was acquired with their purchase of a bakery in Newburyport, Massachusetts. Prior to this, the recipe was created by John Pearson of Newburyport in 1792 for producing seagoing biscuits.
The cracker was discontinued once before in 1996 by Nabisco. This sparked the publicized protests of Donna Damon on Chebeague Island and Maine humorist Tim Sample, which eventually led to an episode of CBS News Sunday Morning with Charles Osgood covering the events. Shortly after this, the company resumed production in 1997 after complaints.
Production of Crown Pilot crackers was ended again by Kraft in 2008, reportedly due to drops in the sales of the product since the 1990s. According to the Kraft spokeswoman, Laurie Guzzinati, demand for the crackers was half of what it was 12 years earlier, with about 241,000 pounds sold in 1996.
The crackers are an important ingredient in many New England recipes for seafood stuffings, chowders, and soups as well as in many recipes of the Canadian Maritimes and Newfoundland and Labrador including fish and brewis.

</doc>
<doc id="19780402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780402" title="Tropical Storm Percy">
Tropical Storm Percy

Tropical Storm Percy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780412" title="Leonid Sigal">
Leonid Sigal

Leonid Sigal is a Russian violinist and conductor. 
A graduate from the Moscow Conservatory, Sigal is active in the United States, where he settled as he joined in 1995 the New World Symphony Orchestra. He was appointed the orchestra's Concertmaster, and was trained as a conductor by Michael Tilson Thomas. He subsequently served as an Associate Concertmaster at the Florida Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Miami Chamber Symphony's Artistic Director (2001–04). He has been the Hartford Symphony Orchestra's Concertmaster since 2005. 
Apart from this chairs, he has performed internationally as a soloist and chamber musician. Sigal teaches at The Hartt School.

</doc>
<doc id="19780477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780477" title="Geert Lovink">
Geert Lovink

Geert Lovink (born 1959, Amsterdam) is a Research Professor of Interactive Media at the Hogeschool van Amsterdam (HvA) and a Professor of Media Theory at the European Graduate School. From 2004-2013 he was an Associate Professor of New Media at the University of Amsterdam (UvA). Lovink earned his master's degree in political science at the University of Amsterdam, holds a PhD from the University of Melbourne and has been a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Queensland.
Lovink is the founding director of the Institute of Network Cultures, whose goals are to explore, document and feed the potential for socio-economical change of the new media field through events, publications and open dialogue. As theorist, activist and net critic, Lovink has made an effort in helping to shape the development of the web.
Activities.
Since the early eighties, Lovink has been involved in a range of different projects and initiatives in the field of new media.
On 31 May 2010 Geert Lovink took part in Quit Facebook Day and deleted his Facebook account.
Theories.
Geert Lovink was one of the key theorists behind the concept of tactical media – the use of media technologies as a tool to for critical theory to become artistic practice. As an Internet activist, he describes tactical media as a "deliberately slippery term, a tool for creating 'temporary consensus zones' based on unexpected alliances. A temporary alliance of hackers, artists, critics, journalists and activists."
In essence, he believes that these new resources of which audiences could become participants in actions against higher powers became an area in which many different types of people could unite. Lovink also was a founder of such projects as "nettime", "organised networks", "virtual media" and more.
Projects.
These are some of the projects Lovink is or has been involved with:

</doc>
<doc id="19780490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780490" title="Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos">
Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos

Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos (born Vasileios Papathanasopouls 1891-1958) was a Greek Orthodox Metropolitan Bishop in the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia. 
Overview.
Papathanasopoulos was born on the feast of St Basil on 1 January 1891 and was baptised Vasileios (Basil). He was born and raised at Pyrgos, Greece, son of Demetrios Papathanasopoulos and his wife Kaliopi. He studied theology at the Theological School of Halki and began his novitiate at the monastery of Stavronikita, Mount Athos, Greece. He made his vows as a monk on 2 December 1917 and took the name Theophylactos and then was ordained priest. After graduating from the theological faculty of University of Athens, he taught at the Rizareios Ecclesiastical School.
Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand.
In February 1928, following the dismissal of Metropolitan Christoforos Knitis, Father Papathanasopoulos was sent to Sydney as administrator until a new bishop arrived. He served as a parish priest for five years in Sydney and for fourteen in Melbourne until he was appointed the third Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand on 22 April 1947. He was consecrated in Greece on 24 August and spent some time at the monastery of Stavronikita, Mount Athos. He proceeded to his new post, reaching Perth on 19 April 1948. He was enthroned in Sydney on 13 June, in the presence of a congregation that included Greek, Russian and Syrian clergy.
His reign was cut short when he died on 2 August 1958 in the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, from injuries received in a car accident two days earlier. His funeral service was presided over by Archbishop Athenagoras of Thyateira at the Cathedral of St Sophia, Darlinghurst, Sydney. He was buried at Botany Cemetery but now rests in the Orthodox section of Rookwood Cemetery in an area for clergy, just behind the sanctuary of Saint Athanasius Chapel.
In February 1959, Ezekiel Tsoukalas of Nazianzos was elected the fourth Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19780493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780493" title="Coelenterazine">
Coelenterazine

Coelenterazine is the luciferin, the light-emitting molecule, found in many aquatic organisms across seven phyla. It is the substrate of many luciferases such as "Renilla reniformis" luciferase (Rluc), "Gaussia" luciferase (Gluc), and photoproteins, including aequorin, and obelin. 
History.
Coelenterazine was simultaneously isolated and characterized by two groups studying the luminescent organisms sea pansy ("Renilla reniformis") and the coelenterate "Aequorea victoria", respectively. Both groups unknowingly discovered that the same compound was used in both luminescent systems, however the name of the molecule was given after the coelenterate. Likewise, the two main metabolites - coelenteramide and coelenteramine - were named after their respective functional groups. Despite being first discovered in "Aequorea victoria", it was later shown that they do not synthesize coelenterazine, rather they obtain it through their diet, largely from crustaceans and copepods.
Occurrence.
Coelenterazine is widely found in marine organisms including:
The compound has also been isolated from organisms that are not luminescent, such as the Atlantic herring and several shrimp species including "Pandalus borealis" and "Pandalus platyuros".
Properties.
Coelenterazine can be crystallized into orange-yellow crystals. The molecule absorbs light in the ultraviolet and visible spectrum, with peak absorption at 435 nm in methanol, giving the molecule a yellow color. The molecule spontaneously oxidizes in aerobic conditions or in some organic solvents such as dimethylformamide and DMSO and is preferentially stored in methanol or with an inert gas.

</doc>
<doc id="19780504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780504" title="Mount Minto (disambiguation)">
Mount Minto (disambiguation)

Mount Minto may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780509" title="Windsor Harbor Road Bridge">
Windsor Harbor Road Bridge

Windsor Harbor Road Bridge is a historic bridge in Kimmswick, Missouri built in 1874 by the Keystone Bridge Company. A sign outside the bridge states:
WINDSOR HARBOR ROAD BRIDGE
Carondelt, Missouri, 1874-1928
Moved to this site 1930
The County Commission of Jefferson County, Missouri, transferred ownership of this bridge to the Kimmswick Historical Society following its placement on the National Register of Historic Places.
Since the Construction of the adjacent modern bridge, this historic bridge has been closed to all but pedestrian and non-motorized traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="19780531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780531" title="John S. Park Historic District">
John S. Park Historic District

John S. Park Historic District, composed of the Park Place Addition and Vega Verde subdivisions, is in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. The historic district is named for John S. Park who arrived in Las Vegas in 1907. It was listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
The neighborhood was named by the American Planning Association as one of the 10 best neighborhood in the United States for 2010.
Geography.
The city listed the The John S. Park Historic District which is bounded by Charleston Boulevard, Las Vegas Boulevard, Franklin Avenue, and South Ninth Street, and 5th Place on its historic register on March 19, 2003.
History.
The John S. Park Neighborhood Association was formed in 1995. When local casino owner Bob Stupak announced plans to build a replica of the Titanic in the area, homeowners were inspired to work to preserve their neighborhood from commercial development.

</doc>
<doc id="19780537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780537" title="Honoka">
Honoka

Life and career.
Honoka was born in Tarumizu, Kagoshima, Japan on June 20, 1983. She is a licensed practical nurse and has appeared as a race queen at the 2004 Suzuka 8 Hours endurance race (July 2004). She plays the guitar, enjoys swimming and volleyball, going to Kabuki theatre and walking her dog. Like fellow AV Idols Sora Aoi and Nana Natsume, she has been able to combine a career as an AV actress with mainstream movie and TV appearances.
Before she started in AV, Honoka had a small role as a female android secretary in the TV Tokyo cosplay drama "The Ultimate Venus Angel Healing Force" (究極癒し戦隊ヴィーナスエンジェル) which she was in from February 16 to March 29, 2004.
AV actress.
Honoka began her adult video career in June 2004 with "Bud" for the Try-Heart Corporation on their Sexia label. She made several more videos with Try-Heart over the next 18 months and in March 2006, she starred in videos for two new AV studios, "Sell Debut x Risky Mosaic", directed by Hideto Aki, at S1 No. 1 Style and "Deep Impact - Honoka Sell Debut" for the Premium Glamour label. She continued working with the two studios usually appearing in one video every other month for each studio. Her last original work with S1 was released in January 2008, but she continued to make films with Premium until her retirement. Both S1 and Premium are affiliated with Japan's largest producer of adult videos, the Hokuto Corporation.
During Honoka's AV career, she worked for studios which specialized in softer, more glamour-oriented types of pornography, and she was one of the most popular AV actress in Japan. In the DMM listing of the top 100 actresses by sales, she placed No. 2 in 2006 and No. 3 in 2007. She also won the Nice Body award from Video Boy magazine twice, in 2005 and in 2006. 
Honoka was part of the S1 compilation video "Hyper – Barely There Mosaic" (ハイパーギリギリモザイク) with AV idols Sora Aoi, Yua Aida, Yuma Asami, Maria Ozawa and Rin Aoki which won the 2006 AV Open competition among Japanese porn studios. She was also the recipient of the "Best Actress" prize at the 2007 Adult Broadcasting Awards for the 2006 broadcast year. After pressing her tongue against the phallus-shaped prize statuette, she declared "I never thought I would be selected. I'd like to say that it was 'my pleasure' to my fans." In closing, she added "I want to be more famous in the AV field" and "I also want to encourage other girls to strive to be the best. Honoka was again honored by fans by winning the Best Actress award in the 2006 AV Actress Grand Prix. Another of her S1 videos, "Hyper Risky Mosaic - Special Bath House Tsubaki" (ハイパーギリギリモザイク 特殊浴場 TSUBAKI 貸切入浴料1億円), with 11 other S1 actresses was the First Place winning entry in the 2007 AV Open contest.
Honoka announced in her Official Blog that she was retiring in December 2008 and that her December 7, 2008 video for Premium, "Pleasures of Education", would be her last. She participated in one final event for Premium by making a round of publicity appearances at Tokyo shops on December 20, 2008. She also acted as co-host with mainstream actor Nagare Hagiwara for the 2009 AV Grand Prix ceremony. She has continued to keep her blog open.
TV appearances.
Honoka was in the J-dorama "Shimokita GLORY DAYS" (下北GLORY DAYS) along with fellow S1 actresses Sora Aoi and Yuma Asami and singer-actress Aya Sugimoto. The 12 week series aired on TV Tokyo beginning in April 2006. She plays the character "Nishina Natsume" in the series which is based on the manga of the same name and revolves about a ronin student moving to Tokyo and sharing a house with several beautiful women. She was also in the TV romantic comedy "Cupid no Itazura" (クピドの悪戯) on TV Tokyo which ran for 11 weeks beginning October 13, 2006 and concerned a young man with the rare disease of "rainbow balls" which limits the number of times he can have sex in his life. In addition, Honoka played the character of Keiko in the third episode ("OL Manager") of the Fuji TV drama "Unusual Story Fall '06 Special Edition" (世にも奇妙な物語 '06秋の特別編) on October 2, 2006. She has also appeared as a guest on a number of TV variety shows.
In the tokusatsu Super Sentai parody "Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger", she played the role of the chief villain Malseena in the BS Asahi TV series which ran from April 6, 2012 to June 29, 2012. A 2nd season was announced in January 2013, and debuted April 5th, 2013 with Honoka returning as Malseena.
Movie appearances.
In addition to several softcore V-Cinema videos, Honoka has also been featured in mainstream movies. She starred in award-winning director Toru Kamei's film based on the manga of the same name by Naoki Yamamoto. The film was first released June 9, 2007 at a late show at the Pole Pole cinema in Higashi-Nakano and later (July 25, 2007) as a DVD. She also had a major role in Noboru Iguchi's over-the-top action-horror gorefest "The Machine Girl" which premiered at the Yubari International Fantastic Film Festival on March 22, 2008 and was released as a DVD on June 3, 2008.
Honoka also had a role in the June 2008 theatrical drama directed by Hideyuki Katsuki. The film, fifth in the "Dekotora no shu" series, starred Show Aikawa and also featured pink film actress Junko Miyashita and AV actress Maria Yumeno. Honoka continued her mainstream film career in 2009 by starring in the Tōru Kamei directed drama which premiered at the Tsutaya theatre in Shibuya, Tokyo on December 15, 2009 and was released as a DVD on January 22, 2010 by AMG.
In 2012, she starred in director Junpei Matsumoto's debut film, , a drama of disaffected youth in Tokyo, which reached theaters in May 2012 and in October 2012 played the part of Eleena in the action movie , commemorating the thirtieth anniversary of the Space Sheriff Gavan TV series.
Literary activities.
Honoka authored two books in 2009, "Little Sex Devil" (), on sex and sexuality for publisher Best Sellers (), in January 2009 (ISBN 458412213X), and "Pleasures of the Body, Shape of Love" (), five short stories about "men and women" published by Futabasha () in July 2009 (ISBN 4575153494).
On January 18, 2010, she released an autobiographical work, "Kago Biography of Honoka: Mama, I Love You" (ISBN 4-07-270580-2). The book, published by Shufunotomo (), gives an account of her childhood which involved kidnappers, and sexual and physical abuse. She says she was tricked into her AV debut, thinking she was going to make a CD. Honoka's book is one of a number of memoirs by actresses about the AV industry harking back to Ai Iijima's semi-autobiographical novel "Platonic Sex" in 2000, and including Mihiro's partially fictionalized autobiography "nude" from 2009 and Saori Hara's "My Real Name Is Mai Kato: Why I Became an AV Actress" from December 2009, which adult media reporter Rio Yasuda sees as marking a trend in which the AV industry is being assimilated into popular culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19780541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780541" title="Loening C-2">
Loening C-2

__NOTOC__
The Loening C-2 Air Yacht was an amphibious airliner produced in the United States at the end of the 1920s, developed from the OL observation aircraft the firm was producing for the US military. It was a two-bay biplane of unconventional design, with a tall, narrow fuselage that nearly filled the interplane gap. The pilot (and sometimes one passenger) sat in an open cockpit at the top of the fuselage, with the engine mounted in front of them. Underneath the fuselage was a long "shoehorn"-style float, that extended forward underneath the engine and propeller. Four to six passengers could be accommodated in a fully enclosed cabin within the fuselage. The main units of the undercarriage retracted into wells in the sides of the fuselage. Stabilising floats were fitted against the undersides of the lower wing. 
The C-2 was produced in two versions, the C-2C with a Wright Cyclone engine and the C-2H with a Pratt & Whitney Hornet. Two examples of this latter version were evaluated by the USMC as air ambulances under the designation XHL-1.
One C-2C, modified from an OL, was flown from New York to Bergen by Thor Solberg in 1935, the first flight from the United States to Norway. Solberg christened the aircraft "Leiv Eiriksson" and used it to roughly re-trace its namesake's journey across the Atlantic (albeit from West-to-East, and by air) via Greenland, Iceland, and the Faroe Islands. This aircraft is now preserved in the Norsk Teknisk Museum in Oslo.
Two C-2Hs were also used by the firm "Air Ferries" in the 1930s before the Oakland Bay Bridge was completed to transport passengers between Oakland and San Francisco, cutting a normal forty minute ferry boat ride to just six minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19780545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780545" title="The Way I Am (book)">
The Way I Am (book)

The Way I Am is an autobiography by American rapper Eminem, published on October 21, 2008. It is a collection of Eminem's personal stories, reflections, photographs, original artwork, and lyric sheets. It details his struggles with poverty, drugs, fame, heartbreak, family and depression, along with stories about his rise to fame and commentary on past controversies. 
The book is illustrated with never before published photos of Eminem’s life. It also has original drawings, previously unpublished lyric sheets, and other rare memorabilia. The autobiography is named after the song of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19780554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780554" title="Zurbahan">
Zurbahan

Zurbahan is a mountain in the district of Hekimhan, Malatya Province, Turkey. It is located in Upper part of Euphrates in Eastern Anatolia. The altitude of it is . It is noticeable from away in open sky. It has mineral resources and sweet water which waters apricot gardens on the slope of the mountain foot. According to the late Metin Kara, people of Hekimhan thinks that Zurbahan mountain has some kind of mystic powers. Therefore, it is well respected and beloved. It is the unofficial symbol of Hekimhan county. Further information and the picture of Zurbahan is given in this link

</doc>
<doc id="19780582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780582" title="Zhang Wei (figure skater)">
Zhang Wei (figure skater)

Zhang Wei Was a Chinese ice dancer. With partner Wang Rui, he won the 1999 Asian Winter Games champion. They placed 10th at the 2000 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, he worked as a figure skating judge for China. He has also worked as a coach and choreographer. Among his current and former students and clients are Amy Alisara Arirachakaran, Phanyaluck Raisuksiri, and Anja Chong, Wang Jialei, Yu Xiaoyu, Jing Yang, Sui Wenjing, Han Cong
2011–present his is official choreographer of China National Junior Team

</doc>
<doc id="19780596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780596" title="Thomas Richard Lloyd">
Thomas Richard Lloyd

Thomas Richard Lloyd (1820 – 10 May 1891) was a Welsh Anglican priest, who spent his entire ministry in one parish, and eisteddfod participant. 
Lloyd was born in Denbigh, Wales, and studied at Ruthin School and Jesus College, Oxford. He was ordained deacon in 1843, the year he obtained his Bachelor of Arts degree from Oxford, and priested in the following year. He was appointed as curate of Llanfynydd, Carmarthenshire, Wales in the parish of Hope, Flintshire in 1843 and became rector in 1845. He served the parish until his death on 10 May 1891, advocating abstinence, and participating in eisteddfods as a member of the gorsedd; his bardic name was "".

</doc>
<doc id="19780598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780598" title="Zhang Wei">
Zhang Wei

Zhang Wei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780610" title="Zbigniew Wyciszkiewicz">
Zbigniew Wyciszkiewicz

Wyciszkiewicz made three appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19780623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780623" title="Cuba–Kiribati relations">
Cuba–Kiribati relations

Cuba–Kiribati relations are the relations between Kiribati and Cuba. Relations are recent, having developed in the 2000s (decade). Like other countries in Oceania, Kiribati is a beneficiary of Cuban medical aid; bilateral relations between Tarawa and Havana must be viewed within the scope of Cuba's regional policy in Oceania.
Cuban assistance.
In 2007, there were sixteen doctors providing specialised medical care in Kiribati, with sixteen more scheduled to join them. Cubans have also offered training to I-Kiribati doctors. Cuban doctors have reportedly provided a dramatic improvement to the field of medical care in Kiribati, reducing the child mortality rate in the country by 80%.
As of September 2008, twenty I-Kiribati were studying medicine in Cuba, their expenses paid for by Cuba, with more expected to join them as Cuba increased the number of scholarships provided to Pacific Islander medical students. In December 2010, it was reported that thirty-three I-Kiribati had studied or were studying in Cuba, of which thirty-one were studying medicine.
State visits.
In September 2008, I-Kiribati President Anote Tong met Cuban President Raúl Castro in Havana to discuss "mutual friendship and cooperation", thus becoming the first Pacific leader to pay a state visit to Cuba. Tong was in Havana to attend a multilateral Cuba-Pacific summit, where attendees discussed "strengthening co-operation in health, sports and education", and where Cuba pledged assistance to Pacific Island countries in facing the effects of climate change.
In December 2010, President Tong carried out his second State visit to Cuba, to hold official talks with President Castro. Tong was accompanied by other members of Kiribati's government, with an aim to expand bilateral relations beyond the field of medical aid. An agreement on "sports cooperation", in particular, was prepared.

</doc>
<doc id="19780636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780636" title="Daniel de la Vega">
Daniel de la Vega

Daniel de la Vega (30 June 1892 – 29 July 1971) was a Chilean journalist, poet, playwright, chronicler, and novelist.
De la Vega was born in Quilpué (now part of Greater Valparaiso) into an educated family who instilled in him a love of literature. He graduated from the lyceum in Quilpué. The poetry in his first book, "El calor del Terruño" (1912), has been called "light and delicate" with an "arresting mysticism".
He was friends with poet and playwright Víctor Domingo Silva. In 1953, he received the 12th Chilean National Prize in Literature for his work in both journalism and theater. His primary contributions were published originally in periodicals, notably in the column "Hoy" ("Today") in "Ultimas Noticias", but he put together over forty books as well. De la Vega died in Santiago de Chile.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19780646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780646" title="History of the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania">
History of the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania

This article covers the history of the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania, once a South African liberation movement and now a minor political party.
History.
Origins.
For many years, there had been increasing strain on the African National Congress (ANC), caused by tension between those with more temperate views and those with Africanist views. A large cause of these differences was the multi-racial personality of the establishment: the Africanists did not think that collaborating with Indians, Coloureds and whites would help the indigenous inhabitants (i.e., black people) acquire political command of South Africa. The pressure became more distinct when the ANC recognised the Freedom Charter, which the Africanists thought too conservative. They felt that it did not give enough attention to black power. A statement in the Charter's preamble refers to "we, the people of South Africa, black and white together equals, countrymen and brothers", and the Africanists were displeased with this notion.
In November 1958, at the Transvaal provincial assembly, some Africanists were barred. They chose to leave the ANC and, in March 1959, founded the PAC. Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe was voted for as the inaugural chairman and Potlako Leballo as secretary. The PAC opted to follow the Programme of Action and Defiance Campaign.
Early history.
There was much rivalry between the ANC and the PAC as they fought for backers. In December 1959 the ANC prepared an anti-pass drive for March 31, 1960. The PAC, not to be outdone, decided that they would pre-empt the ANC by having a similar campaign take place just before this. The anti-pass operation turned out to be a very important one for the PAC, and for South African political affairs generally. The date for the PAC's campaign was finally set for March 21, 1960, ten days before the ANC's, and the weekend was spent handing out brochures and activating people. Sobukwe urged people to leave their passes at home and, non-violently, to hand themselves over for arrest at the nearest police station.
People did as expected during the PAC's anti-passbook crusade, handing themselves over at police stations and commanding the officials to apprehend them for not having passes. They wished to lay bare the fact that the country could do little to compel people to conform to the system. As it was impossible to seize and lock away thousands of people, the law-makers would be forced to scrap the legislation.
Passbooks had their origins in the Nineteenth Century as an implement for controlling mine workers. During apartheid, the state used it to regulate the movement of people and impose apartheid legislation. Black people had to bear their passes when they came into "white" areas. The books became representational of the racial discrimination and tyranny of the government and were hated acutely. Anti-pass campaigns date back to the Nineteenth Century.
On 21 March 1960, a great throng assembled at the Sharpeville police station, near Vereeniging. Drum Magazine describes the host as including women and children, and loud but not violent. The protest erupted in tragedy when nervy police opened fire on a group of protestors in Sharpeville, killing 69 people and injuring 186, many being shot from behind. The police had not been given the order to open fire.
In Langa, in the Cape, violence also exploded. About 6,000 people assembled, awaiting orders from their leaders. The protest march on the police station began in the morning but was soon called off by one of its leaders, Philip Kgosana, after the police made a threat of violence. News of the Sharpeville Massacre incensed the protestors, however, and they marched anyway, the police shooting and killing two of them. Turbulence persisted into the night, with demonstrators rioting and setting fire to public buildings.
There was a sense of victory following these events. The pass laws were repealed and police cruelty had brought forth international censure. The PAC and ANC held a day of mourning. This triumph was soon eclipsed, however, by the measures taken by the National Party government to rout all resistance. Public gatherings were forbidden from 24 March, and mass detention followed a week later. Additional protest rallies were held in Durban and Cape Town. The government responded by declaring a state of emergency. On March 30, both the PAC and the ANC were outlawed, and, by mid-May, almost 2,000 people had been arrested, including PAC leader Robert Sobukwe and his associates. Sobukwe was imprisoned at Robben Island for many years and was thought to be so "dangerous" and charismatic by the apartheid government that he was kept not only in solitary confinement, but in a one man jail. His guard was forbidden to talk to him and his only human contact was when his wife was permitted to visit him once or twice a year. He was released in 1969.
Internal conflict.
After Sharpeville, many members fled into exile. When Sobukwe died in 1978, he was succeeded by Potlako Leballo. The PAC then split into two following a partially successful coup by David Sibeko to head the Presidential Leadership Council in 1979. The assassination of Sibeko in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania on 12 June 1979 and the death of Leballo in January 1986 inaugurated the demise of the PAC. 
Although founded by ANC members who were in profound opposition to the policies of the South African Communist Party, in the 1960s a prominent section of the PAC's leadership adopted a Maoist position. The ANC consistently regarded the PAC as reactionary and backward due to the PAC's stance that South Africa was above all an African country. The military wing of the PAC was launched in 1962 as Poqo and later renamed as the Azanian People's Liberation Army (APLA). APLA became famous for its wildly popular slogan ""One Settler, One Bullet"", but was never able to launch a particularly effective guerrilla campaign. Despite its organisational weaknesses, the PAC's Africanism did much to inform the student uprisings of the late 1970s and inspired the formation of the Black Consciousness Movement under the leadership of Steve Biko.
After Apartheid.
The PAC was unbanned in 1990, along with the ANC, but was plagued by infighting. The supporters of Maoist Leballo refused to join the peace process and a splinter section of the PAC only gained a small percentage of votes in the 1994 election, which shrank even further in the 1999 election. In 2003, after yet another failed congress, one of the party's more prominent and popular members, Patricia de Lille left to form her own party, the Independent Democrats. This did not affect the PAC's continued poor performance in the 2004 election, although ID fared better.
It now only has one member in parliament after the deputy parliamentary leader, Themba Godi, left to form his own party, the African Peoples' Convention, in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19780653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780653" title="Hansjörg Wyss">
Hansjörg Wyss

Hansjörg Wyss (pronounced HAHNZ-jorg VEES) is a Swiss entrepreneur and businessman. As of 2013, Wyss ranks #123 on the "Forbes" list of billionaires, with a net worth of approximately $8.7 billion, making him the second richest person in Switzerland behind Ernesto Bertarelli.
Early career.
Wyss was born and raised in Bern, Switzerland. After receiving a Master of Science degree in Civil and Structural Engineering from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich in 1959, Wyss attended the Harvard University Graduate School of Business from 1963 to 1965. From 1965 to 1969, he worked in various positions in the textile industry, including plant engineer and project manager for Chrysler in Pakistan, Turkey, and the Philippines.
Synthes USA.
In 1974 Wyss founded "Synthes USA", the US division of Synthes, a firm manufacturing Swiss-designed medical devices for orthopedic and trauma surgery. It became the third industrial partner of AO/ASIF. Synthes USA started marketing Synthes products in the USA the following year and later also in Canada. Wyss later became CEO of the entire company and over the next 30 years built it into an industry giant that specialized in making plates and screws to stabilize broken bones. In June 2012, he sold it to Johnson & Johnson for $20.2 billion in cash and stock.
Wyss is believed to have pushed for the illegal use of Synthes's cement for vertebroplasties, which resulted in several deaths. Although he was never brought to court, several of the company's top executives spent time in jail.
Environmental protection.
Wyss became actively involved in landscape protection by buying up the mineral rights from the mining companies. In 1998, he established the Wyss Foundation, which establishes and sponsors informal partnerships between non-governmental organisations and the United States administration to place large swathes of land under government protection. On account of these efforts, almost of land have been declared national park districts. Wyss serves on the boards of The Wilderness Society, the Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance, Rails-to-Trails, and the Grand Canyon Trust, he is one of the founders and is an honorary member of the AO Foundation. Wyss also donated 3.7 million Swiss francs to the Furka Cogwheel Steam Railway, which enabled the organisation to restore the railway line also between Gletsch and Oberwald.
In 2000, Wyss purchased the Halter Ranch in western Paso Robles, California. In 2004, "Forbes" ranked Wyss the 26th wealthiest person in Europe with almost $6 billion; by 2005, he rose to 18th place with an accumulated wealth of almost $8 billion. In 2006, Wyss was ranked #72 on "The Times" list of 100 Richest People in the World.
Support of scientific research.
In 2007, he received the Harvard Business School Alumni Achievement Award, and in fall 2008, it was announced that Wyss donated the largest single endowment from one source in Harvard's history when he gave $125 million to found a multidisciplinary institute, the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering, at the Harvard University.
In 2012-2013, he announce the creation of the Campus Biotech and of its Wyss Center for Bio- and Neuro-engineering in Geneva, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19780686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780686" title="Cambria (company)">
Cambria (company)

Cambria is the sole producer of engineered quartz surfaces in the United States. They are located in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, with additional facilities in Le Sueur, Minnesota; Charlotte, North Carolina; Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, and Ontario, Canada. They are a subsidiary of Davisco Foods International, which is privately held and owned by the Davis family.
Kitchen countertops.
Cambria produces quartz surfaces, primarily for use as kitchen countertops. It is used in a similar manner as granite, except that it is not porous, and thus requires no periodic sealing. The look of any quartz countertop compares to granite in that the colors are deep and consistent.
The process of creating the countertops is different than granite, in that it is an engineered product, consisting of about 90% quartz and 10% epoxy binder. An engineered product that requires no sealer has the advantage in that it requires no harsh chemicals to seal, nor does it emit harmful chemicals into the air, making it potentially more environmentally friendly.
Sun Country Airlines.
In July 2011, Cambria purchased Sun Country Airlines out of bankruptcy for $34 million after the collapse of the Ponzi scheme of Tom Petters and Petters Group Worldwide, the former owner of the airline.
Cambria silo.
A silo, located on US 169 between St. Peter and Le Sueur, is rented by Cambria to store quartz granules and slabs. The silo was repainted with the Cambria logo. Cambria was ordered to remove the sign by Mn/DOT because it violated state law against advertisements along public highway corridors and county ordinance in historic preservation districts. Cambria was allowed to keep the silo repainted because it claimed to use the silo as a site to sell it's products thereby bypassing the law through a rational nexus exemption. Prior to the Cambria logo, the silo was painted to appear like a can of 7 UP and later as an advertisement for 7 up.

</doc>
<doc id="19780699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780699" title="Artemisia biennis">
Artemisia biennis

Artemisia biennis is a species of sagebrush known by the common name biennial wormwood that is native to Europe.
Description.
This is an annual or biennial herb producing a single erect green to reddish stem up to in maximum height. It is generally hairless and unscented. The frilly leaves are up to long and divided into thin, lance-shaped segments with long teeth. The inflorescence is a dense rod of clusters of flower heads interspersed with leaves. The fruit is a tiny achene less than a millimeter wide.
Invasive species.
It is an invasive species and noxious weed in parts of North America. It is a weed of several agricultural crops, particularly soybeans, other types of dry edible beans, and sunflowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19780705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780705" title="Coy, Alabama">
Coy, Alabama

Coy is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. Coy is located in a bend of the Alabama River and is home to several historic plantations. The most notable of these is Dry Fork Plantation, included on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography.
Coy is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19780740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780740" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 29">
Now That's What I Call Music! 29

"Now That's What I Call Music! 29" may refer to one of several "Now That's What I Call Music!" series albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19780742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780742" title="Pavel Egorov">
Pavel Egorov

Pavel Egorov is a Russian pianist and scholar.
He won the VI Robert Schumann Competition before graduating in 1975 from the Moscow Conservatory. He has performed widely at an international level since (ca. 3000 performances). He is a professor and the Head of the Piano Department at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory, where he has taught since 1980. 
Pavel Egorov was named a Meritorious Artist of the Russian Federation, and is a member of Saint Petersburg branch of the so-called Russian Academy of Natural Sciences, and an Honorary Member at the Robert Schumann Society in Düsseldorf and the Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Society. The scientific editor of the first Russian edition of Robert Schumann's complete piano works (Muzyka, 1986), he was awarded the Düsseldorf Schumann Prize in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19780756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780756" title="History of the Democratic Alliance (South Africa)">
History of the Democratic Alliance (South Africa)

Although the Democratic Alliance of South Africa in its present form is fairly new, its roots can be traced far back in South African political history, through a complex sequence of splits and mergers.
History.
Origins.
The earliest ancestor of the modern day Democratic Alliance is the South African Party, which won the first general election in the Union of South Africa in 1910. The SAP was a merger of the South African Party and the Afrikaner Bond of the Cape Colony, Het Volk of Transvaal and Orangia Unie of the Orange Free State. The Progressive Party of the Cape Colony merged with Progressive Association of Transvaal and the Constitutional Party of the Orange Free State to form the Unionist Party. Natal had no institutionalised parties but politicians from the province joined the new parties. In the Cape Colony, the SAP were proponents of a multiracial franchise and its most prominent members were John Xavier Merriman and William Phillip Schreinier, whereas the Progressives led by Cecil Rhodes and Leander Starr Jameson were more firmly pro-British in orientation.
In the Union, the SAP was a broad-based party committed to unity between Afrikaners and English-speakers, typified by its leaders Louis Botha and Jan Smuts. Its more pro-British tendencies provoked a reaction from Afrikaner nationalists who formed the National Party in 1914 by J. B. M. Hertzog. The NP's rise in support and the decline of the Unionist Party led to their merger under the leadership of Smuts in 1920. The SAP lost power to a National-Labour coalition in 1924.
In 1934, the NP and the SAP entered into a coalition, which led to the creation of a merged United Party (UP), although a hardline nationalist faction led by D.F. Malan stayed out. The United Party party included both liberal and conservative elements but followed a pro-Union, pro-British policy which resulted in Hertzog and his followers withdrawing from it 1939. The United Party lost power in 1948 to the National Party under Malan, who began to implement the policy of Apartheid. Smuts died two years later, his probable heir Jan Hendrif Hofmeyr had died in 1948. Hofmeyr and Piet van der Byl were said to have epitomised a more progressive outlook when addressing the racial question.
The United Party continued to exist after 1959 and was the source of several breakaway groups which merged with later ancestor parties. The party's uncertain response to Apartheid under the leadership of J.G.N. Strauss and De Villiers Graaff provoked considerable discord. Generally the party was critical of the injustices of the government's segregationist policies, but offered no clear alternative until its waning years in the 1970s, although it took an increasingly critical stance. In 1953, the Liberal Party was formed in response and existed until 1968, when it dissolved rather than restrict its membership on a racial basis. The Progressive Party was formed in 1959.
Progressive Movement.
The Progressive Party (PP), was founded in 1959 when liberal members seceded from the United Party (UP). They could not agree with the inability of the UP to present an alternative to the National Party's apartheid policy. The PP emphasized constitutional reform, a Bill of Rights, an independent judiciary and the evolution towards federalism. These reform proposals were combined with advocacy of a free market economy. In 1961 only Helen Suzman was elected in parliament. For 13 years she was the only opponent of racial discrimination and other apartheid regime's abuses in the whites-only parliament, fighting against detention without trial, pass laws and influx control. From 1971 Colin Eglin was the party leader, without being a member of parliament himself. In 1974 the party won seven seats.
A year later, in July 1975, the Progressive Party merged with the Reform Party (RP), a breakaway party of the United Party. The outcome was the formation of the South African Progressive Reform Party (PRP). Former Reform Party leader Harry Schwarz was appointed chairman of the PRP's National Executive, while Eglin was elected leader.
By 1977, support for the United Party was in rapid decline, and further dissident UP members formed a Committee for a United Opposition, before joining the PRP to form the Progressive Federal Party (PFP). Later that year, the PFP became official opposition following the 1977 general election. The PFP drew support mainly from liberal English-speaking white South Africans, as owing to South Africa's apartheid laws, its membership was limited to the country's whites. The PFP was derided by right-wing whites, who claimed its initials stood for 'Packing for Perth', on account of the many white liberal supporters of the 'Progs' who were emigrating to Australia. Among the founders of the PFP included Japie Basson, a former National Party MP who had been expelled by Hendrik Verwoerd and formed his own National Union Party which later joined the United Party. Basson was one of the United Party members who left to join the Progressive Party, and eventually left the PFP and rejoined the NP in the 1980s.
What was left of the United Party merged with the Democratic Party, which had formed by moderate National Party dissidents in 1973 and led by former interior minister Theo Gerdener, to form the New Republic Party (NRP). Another offshoot of the UP was the South African Party (reviving the name of the original SAP). Both the NRP and SAP were more conservative than the PFP, but envisioned a federal solution to the country's racial question. The SAP grew closer to the ruling National Party and merged into it by 1980, and the growing "verligte" tendency within the National Party itself espoused expanded political participation for non-whites. The NRP was overshadowed by the PFP as an opposition party, in terminal decline by 1987 and dissolving itself shortly after. At the same time, disaffected NP members such as Dennis Worrall and Wynand Malan broke away and later formed the Independent Party which absorbed the remaining base of the NRP.
Frederik van Zyl Slabbert, PFP leader since 1979, resigned from parliament in 1986 because it had, in his view, become irrelevant. Later he formed the Institute for a Democratic Alternative for South Africa (IDASA). He was succeeded by Colin Eglin. The PFP was ousted as the official opposition by the far-right Conservative Party in the whites-only parliamentary elections held on 6 May 1987. This electoral blow led many of the PFP's leaders to question the value of participating in the whites-only parliament, and some of its MPs left to join the National Democratic Movement (NDM). The formation of the Independent Party (IP) of Denis Worrall further split the liberal opposition.
All of these currents reunited into the Democratic Party by 1989.
Parliamentary opposition to apartheid.
Following the realignment of opposition politics in the 1970s, with the fall of the United Party and subsequent rise of the Progressive Federal Party as successor as the official parliamentary opposition, the National Party's authoritarian and apartheid polices faced much stronger parliamentary opposition.
Opposition to press restrictions.
In 1979, the PFP launched the "strongest parliamentary measures" possible against the Advocate-General Act, that would prohibit press from reporting on allegations of corruption and irregularities without first having such allegations cleared. PFP Colin Eglin launched the attack on the bill, stating that it was an attempt by the National Party to "muzzle the press and deny the public right to know". Helen Suzman, who attempted to delay the bill, argued that it was "essential that the press be no further restricted than it already was. It is essential that nothing hinders the press in its duty to inform the public".
In 1980, the National Party introduced the National Key Points Act that made those responsible for unauthorised reporting of incidents of sabotage or other attakcs on declared national strategic targets a crime. These moves were slammed by MPs such as Harry Schwarz, who stated that "Society as a whole is not condemned because individuals transgress, and nor should the press as a whole be judges by the actions of individuals." Stating that press restrictions marked a "turning point" in South African politics, he also argued that press freedom was a "precious treasure" and a free and courageous press was a major weapon in South Africa's defence against external threats.
Bill of Rights proposal.
During the Constitutional Reform Debate of 1983, the PFP attempted to incorporate a 'Bill of Rights' into the new constitution proposed by the National Party, the first motion of its kind ever brought before Parliament. The motion was first submitted in August 1983, by Shadow Finance Minister Harry Schwarz. He stated that the Bill should guarantee freedom from discrimination on the ground of race, colour, sex or creed, freedom of conscience and religion, of thought, belief, opinion and expression, including freedom of the press, of association, peaceful assembly and movement, and freedom to pursue the gaining of a livelihood. It also included freedom from deprivation of life, liberty, security and property, except in accordance with the principles of fundamental justice. It would also guarantee equality before the law and equal protection and benefit of law.
Schwarz argued that if included in the constitution of the republic, it would act as a "protector of rights many people had struggled to achieve in South Africa" as well as to "act as an inspiration" to the people of South Africa and would "be a unifying factor in a country in which unity of people is essential for survival". Helen Suzman, Shadow Law and Order Minister, argued that the exclusion of the bill would lead to "a further loss of civil liberties by all South Africans - in short, to one-party, one-group dictatorship in this country". It was also argued that the bill would be a statement of intent demonstrating that the days of discrimination on the grounds of race or colour had come to an end.
While virtually all MPs of the Progressive Federal Party supported the bill, no other party in Parliament supported it. Rejecting Schwarz’s proposal, Daan van der Merwe of the Conservative Party stated that the bill, based on a "leftist-liberal political philosophy", would jeopardise the freedom of the white man. New Republic Party leader Vause Raw said Schwarz "a master at platitudes" was seeking idealistic freedoms that did not exist anywhere in the world. Following the rejection of Schwarz’s bill, fellow PFP MPs' Helen Suzman, Colin Eglin, Ray Swart and Dave Dalling attempted a further four times to introduce a Bill of Rights. The Bills' were effectively blocked by the National Party by placing them at the end of the order paper.
Democratic era.
After the 1987 elections, the new PFP leader Zach de Beer concluded negotiations with the IP and the NDM to merge into the Democratic Party in 1989, and proceeded to win 36 seats in the elections that year. The DP played a vital role in the negotiation of an interim constitution which includes most of the original progressive principles and ideals. In 1991 Harry Schwarz, one of the party's founders and most prominent leaders was appointed South African Ambassador to the United States, the first opposition member to become an ambassador in South African history. In the 1994 general election, the first after apartheid was abolished, the party won only 1.7% of the vote and 10 seats in parliament. Nelson Mandela's eldest daughter Makaziwe and F. W. De Klerk's brother Willem (who was a co-founder of the party) voted for the Democratic Party in these elections.
Soon after the elections, De Beer was succeeded by Tony Leon, who emphasized the protection of human rights, federalism and free enterprise. The party improved its performance during the 1999 general election to receive 9.6% of the vote and 38 seats, replacing the New National Party (NNP) as official opposition.
The DP merged with the NNP in 2000 to form the Democratic Alliance (DA). The much smaller Federal Alliance later also merged with the DA in preparation for the local government elections of 5 December 2000. The DA won 22% of the vote in the local government elections and secured an outright majority in the Cape Town unicity with 52.5% of the vote compared to 38% for the ANC. Peter Marais became mayor of Cape Town, and the DA also took control of 20 local municipalities in the Western Cape.
The brittle alliance with the NNP lasted only until October 2001, when the NNP left to form a new alliance with the African National Congress. The Federal Alliance also left the DA to instead join the Freedom Front Plus. With the defection of some NNP members in the Western Cape Provincial Legislature the DA lost control of the province, while the defection of some NNP councillors during the October 2002 floor-crossing window resulted in the DA losing control of Cape Town and most of the local municipalities in the Western Cape.
With the 2004 general election, the DA and ANC increased their vote share, at the expense of other opposition parties. The DA won 12.4% of the votes and 50 seats, and remains the second largest political party in South Africa. By contrast, the NNP was in terminal decline and won only 7 seats. It merged with the ANC in 2005. A political realignment had occurred in the sense that the white and Coloured electorate the NP/NNP had retained in 1994 shifted to the DA. The NNP had also been beset by internal dissension and an uncertain position towards the ANC, later cooperating with it.
On 1 March 2006, the DA won 14.8% of the vote in the local government elections, and regained control of the City of Cape Town from the ANC - the only Metropolitan Council in South Africa not controlled by the ANC. Helen Zille was elected executive mayor on 15 March 2006 and formed a coalition with six smaller parties as the DA failed to win an outright majority in the council. In the local government elections the DA had won 41.8% of the vote in Cape Town compared to 38.5% for the ANC. Two months later, Zille won the leadership of the party in a landslide vote following the retirement of long-serving Tony Leon.
As Zille opted to remain as mayor of Cape Town as well as adopt the position of leader of the DA, it was decided that another DA member would be required to represent Zille and the party in the National Assembly. Following a vote which was mainly contested between former NNP MP, Tertius Delport and Sandra Botha, Botha triumphed. Botha served as parliamentary leader until announcing her retirement from party politics in January 2009.
Re-launch and 2009 elections.
On 15 November 2008, the DA convened a meeting on Constitutional Hill to re-launch the party as one which no longer acts as an opposition but offers voters another choice for government. Along with this, the party also introduced a new logo, featuring a rising sun over the colours of the South African flag (representing the Rainbow Nation), and a new slogan, "One Nation, One Future."
This is in line with the new strategy the party is implementing with regard to a non-racial South Africa where everyone has equal opportunities. Party leader, Helen Zille said the new DA would be "more reflective of our rich racial, linguistic and cultural heritage". Zille has emphasised that she wants the party to be a "party for all the people" and not decline into a "shrinking, irrelevant minority". She has also spoken out against the party's image as being exclusively 'white'.
Fiftieth anniversary.
On 13 November 2009, the Democratic Alliance marked the fiftieth anniversary of the formation of the Progressive Party in Cape Town in the old chamber of parliament. Around 20 former MPs from the DA's predecessor parties attended. Elder statesmen of the DA Colin Eglin, Harry Schwarz and Jan Steytler, along with current DA leader Helen Zille gave speeches. While praising the liberal contribution to opposing and ending apartheid, they stated how South Africa and the DA still had much work to do. Harry Schwarz delivered his last ever speech, following his death in February 2010. He paid tribute to Helen Zille, calling her the embodiment of the principles he and others had fought for and warned that "Freedom is incomplete if it is exercised in poverty", a phase he often used. Colin Eglin praised the liberal opposition to apartheid, stating that the principles that they had fought had been "entrenched in the Constitution". Jan Steytler stated that South Africa wanted to "face the future, not with fear, but with confidence that we can live together in harmony in a multi-racial country."
Leaders.
Leaders of the Democratic Alliance, and its predecessor parties:
Parliamentary Leaders.
Parliamentary leaders of the Democratic Alliance and its predecessor parties, in the absence of a sitting party leader in Parliament:
Chairpersons.
Federal chairpersons (sometimes referred to as 'national chairpersons') and chairpersons of the party's federal council (sometimes referred to as the party's 'federal executive' or the 'national council'), since the merger of the Reform Party and the Progressive Party in 1975:
Chief Executive Officers.
Chief executive officers of the Democratic Alliance:
Electoral results.
The following table shows the electoral performance of the Democratic Party and its predecessors in elections to the House of Assembly prior to 1994. These elections were restricted to white citizens.
The following table shows electoral performance for the Democratic Party and the Democratic Alliance in elections to the National Assembly since the advent of democracy in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19780762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780762" title="Edward Chamberlain">
Edward Chamberlain

Edward Chamberlain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780763" title="Edward Biberman">
Edward Biberman

Edward Biberman (23 October 1904 – 27 January 1986) was an American artist active in the mid-twentieth century. His work ranged from stylised portraits to history-inspired murals, and drew on the emerging urban landscapes of southern California, and on current events such as the Great Depression, the Second World War, and labour unrest.
Life and career.
Biberman was born into a prosperous Philadelphia family of Russian Jewish immigrants, and studied economics at the Wharton School. His later studies at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, followed by three years in Paris, led to his decision to become a full-time artist. He lived in New York City from 1929 to 1936, where he came into contact with the Mexican muralists Diego Rivera, David Alfaro Siqueiros and José Clemente Orozco; thanks to their influence, Biberman became a champion of public murals. In 1930, he was named one of the "46 Under 35" younger artists featured in a Museum of Modern Art exhibition.
In 1931, he lived for the summer in a Navajo settlement at Monument Valley, where his work focused on both the Navajo people and on their desert surroundings. His experiences there inspired in him a love of the southwestern United States. Following his arrival in Los Angeles in 1936, the city which would inspire some of his best-known work, he decided to move there permanently. By 1940, the Spring Street lobby of the newly constructed U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in downtown Los Angeles featured the federally commissioned mural "Los Angeles Prehistoric Spanish Colonial," by Biberman. In 1965, when the Post Office was moved and the Courthouse remodeled, all murals were removed and placed in storage. Fortunately, "Los Angeles Prehistoric Spanish Colonial" was returned to the building's Spring Street lobby in 2003.
Ironically, this is the same Courthouse in which The House Un-American Activities Committee held the first of the infamous Hollywood Blacklist hearings. As a result of refusing to cooperate with the Committee, his brother, Herbert Biberman, a screenwriter and director, and nine others were accused of contempt of congress. They became known as the Hollywood Ten. Ultimately, both of the Biberman brothers, their wives, and other members of their circle were accused of being Communists during the course of the HUAC hearings. Though initially popular for the clean lines and crisp colours of his work, his career never recovered from the blow it received during this time. Despite this, he lived in Los Angeles for the rest of his life.
Preceding Biberman's move to California, the artist became intrigued by the allure of the Southwest desert. In the early 1930s he acquainted himself with Georgia O'Keeffe and John Marin. Like O’Keeffe, Biberman painters modified realist painting by applying a modernist aesthetic. After moving to Los Angeles, Biberman became an essential part of the mid-century Los Angeles art scene. He often painted the figure as a way of addressing issues of race, immigration, labor, and ensuing social inequality around the world. His painting of "The Biafran Child" has become a symbol for the future of our children lest we mend our ways and is under consideration for a comerative stamp for the benefit of the homeless children of Haiti.
Biberman wrote two books about his paintings, "The Best Untold" and "Time and Circumstance". From 1938 to 1950, he taught at the Art Center School in Los Angeles, California (now known as Art Center College of Design in Pasadena,) and lectured widely on art subjects for the University Extension of UCLA. In the 1960s, Biberman hosted television programs on art, including "Dialogues in Art" from 1967–1968. 
Biberman was married for 51 years to Sonja Dahl Biberman (1910–2007), an artist in her own right. His great-nephew is Jeremy Strick, the director of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles. Edward Biberman died of cancer in 1986.
Exhibitions and awards.
Over the course of his career, Biberman exhibited his works at more than 35 solo exhibitions in Philadelphia, New York, Boston, Chicago, Paris, Berlin, and California. His works were also displayed at the American Artists' Congress (1936), the San Francisco Art Association (1937), the Golden Gate International Exposition (1939), the California Art Club (1943), and the Whitney Museum (1953). His never before seen painting entitled "The Biafrian Child" is under consideration as a stamp for the benefit of the homeless children of Haiti and is to be housed at the original Hospital Albert Schweitzer, at Lambaréné in Gabon, Africa. The donation is to remain un-maned.
His paintings are now to be found in the permanent collections of the Museum of the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, Philadelphia, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Texas. His life-size portraits of singer Lena Horne and author Dashiell Hammett form part of the Smithsonian's National Portrait Gallery. Among his awards are the Lambert Fund Purchase Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19780782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780782" title="Desamparados station">
Desamparados station

The Desamparados station () is an old railway station in Lima, Peru. It is situated on the left margin of the Rímac River, next to the Government Palace. The station was named after the church of "Nuestra Señora de los Desamparados". The project began in 1890 by the Peruvian Corporation and three years later the Lima–La Oroya route was inaugurated. The line became known as the Ferrocarril Central Andino
At present the station only has administrative use, although it can offer passenger excursion services between Lima and the central mountain range. It serves mainly as an exhibition hall, exhibiting such items as the presidential wagon "Paquita", named in honor of the wife of the then President of the Republic Oscar R. Benavides.
Architecture.
The three-story building of the station was the first public work conducted by the Peruvian architect Rafael Marquina in 1911, and its construction was finished a year later. In the process of its construction modern materials and techniques were used such as reinforced concrete and expanded metal. One of the main features to the interior is the stained glass skylight, made in the Art Nouveau style. The main facade is symmetrical and consists of five vertical bodies divided by four pilasters of classical design. The facade is designed in Beaux-Arts architecture style.
In episode 8 "Comfort Food" of US TV series Pushing Daysies (Second Season) a photograph of the front of the Desamparados station is used as the Papen County Convention Centre where the piemaker is competing in the comfort food cook-off.

</doc>
<doc id="19780793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780793" title="Mirboo North Secondary College">
Mirboo North Secondary College

Mirboo North Secondary College is a secondary college located in Mirboo North, Victoria, Australia. It has a small number of students numbering approximately 360.
See also.
List of high schools in Victoria

</doc>
<doc id="19780820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780820" title="Wang Rui (figure skater)">
Wang Rui (figure skater)

Wang Rui is a Chinese ice dancer. With partner Zhang Wei, she is the 1999 Asian Winter Games champion. They placed 10th at the 2000 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships.
Following her retirement from competitive skating, she works for the Chinese Athletes Educational Foundation as an English language teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="19780831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780831" title="Arkadiusz Kaliszan">
Arkadiusz Kaliszan

Kaliszan made one appearance for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19780837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780837" title="Wang Rui">
Wang Rui

Wang Rui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19780839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780839" title="History of the Kuomintang">
History of the Kuomintang

The Kuomintang (Traditional Chinese: 中國國民黨; Simplified Chinese: 中国国民党; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhōngguó Guómíndǎng; Initials: KMT or GMD) is a Chinese political party that ruled China 1927–48 and then moved to Taiwan. The name translates as "China's National People's Party" and was historically referred to as the Chinese Nationalists. The Party was initially founded on August 25, 1912, by Sun Yat-sen but dissolved in November 1913. It reformed on October 10th 1919, again led by Sun Yat-sen, and became the ruling party in China. After Sun's death, the party was dominated from 1927 to 1975 by Chiang Kai-shek. Though the KMT lost the civil war with the Communist Party of China in 1949, the party took control of Taiwan and remains a major political party of the Republic of China based in Taiwan.
Founded in 1912 by Sun Yat-sen, the KMT helped topple the Qing Emperor and promoted modernization along Western lines. The party played a significant part in the first Chinese first National Assembly where is was the majority party. However the KMT failed to achieve complete control. The post of president was given to Yuan Shikai (1859–1916) as reward for his part in the revolution. Yuan Shikai abused his powers, over riding the constitution and creating strong tensions between himself and the other parties. In July 1913, the KMT staged a 'Second Revolution' to depose Yuan. This failed and the following crack down by Yuan led to the dissolution of the KMT and the exile of its leadership, mostly to Japan. Subsequently Yuan Shikai had himself made Emperor of China.
In exile, Sun Yat-sen and other former KMT members founded several revolutionary parties under various names but with little success. These parties were united by Sun in 1919 under the title "The Kuomintang of China". The new party returned to Guangzhou in China in 1920 where it set up a government but failed to achieve control of all of China. After the death of Yuan Shikai in 1916, China fractured into many regions controlled by warlords. To strengthen the party's position, it accepted aid and support for the Soviet Union and its Comintern. The fledgling Communist Party of China was encouraged to join the KMT and thus formed the First United Front. The KMT gradually increased its sphere of influence from its Guangzhou base. Sun Yat-sen died in 1925 and Chiang Kai-shek (1887–1975) became the KMT strong man. In 1926 Chiang led a military operation known as the Northern Expedition against the warlords that controlled much of the country. In 1927, Chiang instigated the April 12 Incident in Shanghai in which the Communist Party of China and Communist elements of the KMT were purged. The Northern Expedition proved successful and the KMT party came to power throughout China (except Manchuria) in 1927 under the leadership of Chiang. The capital of China was moved to Nanjing in order to be closer to the party's strong base in southern China.
The party was always concerned with strengthening Chinese identity at the same time it was discarding old traditions in the name of modernity. In 1929, the KMT government suppressed the textbook "Modern Chinese History," widely used in secondary education. The Nationalists were concerned that, by not admitting the existence of the earliest emperors in ancient Chinese history, the book would weaken the foundation of the state. The case of the "Modern Chinese History" textbook reflects the symptoms of the period: banning the textbook strengthened the Nationalists' ideological control but also revealed their fear of the New Culture Movement and its more liberal ideological implications. The KMT tried to destroy the Communist party of Mao Zedong, but was unable to stop the invasion by Japan, which controlled most of the coastline and major cities, 1937–1945. Chiang Kai-shek secured massive military and economic aid from the United States, and in 1945 became one of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council, with a veto. The KMT governed most of China until it was defeated in civil war by the Communists in 1949.
The leadership, the remaining army, and hundreds of thousands of businessmen and other supporters, two million in all, fled to Taiwan. They continued to operate there as the "Republic of China" and dreamed of invading and reconquering what they called "Mainland China". The United States, however, set up a naval cordon after 1950 that has since prevented an invasion in either direction. The KMT regime kept the island under martial law for 38 years, killing up to 30,000 opponents during its dictatorial rule by Chiang Kai-shek and his son Chiang Ching-kuo (1910–1988). As the original leadership died off, it had to held elections, so it allowed democracy, with full election of parliament in the early 1990s and first direct presidential election in 1996. After a defeat by the
Democratic Progressive Party in 2000, the KMT returned to power in the elections of 2008 and 2012.
Early years.
The Kuomintang traces its roots to the Revive China Society, which was founded in 1895 and merged with several other anti-monarchist societies as the Revolutionary Alliance in 1905. After the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty in the 1911 Xinhai Revolution and the founding of the Republic of China, the Kuomintang was formally established on August 25, 1912 at the Huguang Guild Hall in Beijing where the Revolutionary Alliance and several smaller revolutionary groups joined together to contest the first National Assembly elections.
Sun Yat-sen, who had just stepped down as provisional president of the Republic of China, was chosen as its overall leader under the title of premier (), and Huang Xing was chosen as Sun's deputy. However, the most influential member of the party was the third ranking Song Jiaoren, who mobilized mass support from gentry and merchants for the KMT on a platform of promoting constitutional parliamentary democracy. Though the party had an overwhelming majority in the first National Assembly, President Yuan Shikai started ignoring the parliamentary body in making presidential decisions, counter to the Constitution, and assassinated its parliamentary leader Song Jiaoren in Shanghai in 1913. Members of the KMT led by Sun Yat-sen staged the Second Revolution in July 1913, a poorly planned and ill-supported armed rising to overthrow Yuan, and failed. Yuan dissolved the KMT in November (whose members had largely fled into exile in Japan) and dismissed the parliament early in 1914. Yuan Shikai proclaimed himself emperor in December 1915.
While exiled in Japan in 1914, Sun established the Chinese Revolutionary Party, but many of his old revolutionary comrades, including Huang Xing, Wang Jingwei, Hu Hanmin and Chen Jiongming, refused to join him or support his efforts in inciting armed uprising against Yuan Shikai. In order to join the Chinese Revolutionary Party, members must take an oath of personal loyalty to Sun, which many old revolutionaries regarded as undemocratic and contrary to the spirit of the revolution. Thus, many old revolutionaries did not join Sun's new organization, and he was largely sidelined within the Republican movement during this period. Sun returned to China in 1917 to establish a rival government at Guangzhou, but was soon forced out of office and exiled to Shanghai. There, with renewed support, he resurrected the KMT on October 10, 1919, but under the name of the "Chinese" Kuomintang, as the old party had simply been called the Kuomintang. In 1920, Sun and the KMT were restored in Guangdong. In 1923, the KMT and its government accepted aid from the Soviet Union after being denied recognition by the western powers. Soviet advisers – the most prominent of whom was Mikhail Borodin, an agent of the Comintern – began to arrive in China in 1923 to aid in the reorganization and consolidation of the KMT along the lines of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, establishing a Leninist party structure that lasted into the 1990s. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) was under Comintern instructions to cooperate with the KMT, and its members were encouraged to join while maintaining their separate party identities, forming the First United Front between the two parties.
Soviet advisers also helped the Nationalists set up a political institute to train propagandists in mass mobilization techniques, and in 1923 Chiang Kai-shek, one of Sun's lieutenants from the Tongmenghui days, was sent to Moscow for several months' military and political study. At the first party congress in 1924, which included non-KMT delegates such as members of the CCP, they adopted Sun's political theory, which included the Three Principles of the People – nationalism, democracy, and people's livelihood.
War with Communists.
Following the death of Sun Yat-sen, General Chiang Kai-shek emerged as the KMT leader and launched the Northern Expedition in 1926 to defeat the northern warlords and unite China under the party. He halted briefly in Shanghai in 1927 to purge the Communists who had been allied with the KMT, which sparked the Chinese Civil War. When Kuomintang forces took Beijing, as the city was the "de jure" internationally recognized capital, though previously controlled by the feuding warlords, this event allowed the Kuomintang to receive widespread diplomatic recognition in the same year. The capital was moved from Beijing to Nanjing, the original capital of the Ming Dynasty, and thus a symbolic purge of the final Qing elements. This period of KMT rule in China between 1927 and 1937 became known as the Nanjing decade.
In sum, the KMT began as a heterogeneous group advocating American-inspired federalism and provincial independence. However, after its reorganization along Soviet lines, the party aimed to establish a centralized one party state with one ideology – Three Principles of the People. This was even more evident following Sun's elevation into a cult figure after his death. The control by one single party began the period of "political tutelage," whereby the party was to control the government while instructing the people on how to participate in a democratic system. After several military campaigns and with the help of German military advisors (German planned fifth "extermination campaign"), the Communists were forced to withdraw from their bases in southern and central China into the mountains in a massive military retreat known famously as the Long March, an undertaking which would eventually increase their reputation among the peasants. Out of the 86,000 Communist soldiers that broke out of the pocket, only 20,000 would make the 10,000 km march to Shaanxi province. The Kuomintang continued to attack the Communists. This was in line with Chiang's policy of solving internal conflicts (warlords and communists) before fighting external invasions (Japan). However, Zhang Xueliang, who believed that the Japanese invasion constituted the greater prevailing threat, took Chiang hostage during the Xi'an Incident in 1937 and forced Chiang to agree to an alliance with the Communists in the total war against the Japanese. The Second Sino-Japanese War had officially started, and would last until the Japanese surrender in 1945. However in many situations the alliance was in name only; after a brief period of cooperation, the armies began to fight the Japanese separately, rather than as coordinated allies. Conflicts between KMT and communists were still common during the war, and documented claims of Communist attacks upon the KMT forces, and vice versa, abound.
In these incidents, it should be noted that The KMT armies typically utilized more traditional tactics while the Communists chose guerilla tactics, leading to KMT claims that the Communists often refused to support the KMT troops, choosing to withdraw and let the KMT troops take the brunt of Japanese attacks. These same guerilla tactics, honed against the Japanese forces, were used to great success later during open civil war, as well as the Allied forces in the Korean War and the U.S. forces in the Vietnam War.
1945–49.
Full-scale civil war between the Communists and KMT resumed after the defeat of Japan. The Communist armies, previously a minor faction, grew rapidly in influence and power due to several errors on the KMT's part: first, the KMT reduced troop levels precipitously after the Japanese surrender, leaving large numbers of able-bodied, trained fighting men who became unemployed and disgruntled with the KMT as prime recruits for the Communists.
Second, the collapse of the KMT regime can in part be attributed to the government's economic policies, which triggered capital flight among the businessmen who had been the KMT's strongest supporters. The cotton textile industry was the leading sector of Chinese industry, but in 1948, shortages of raw cotton plunged the industry into dire straits. The KMT government responded with an aggressive control policy that directly procured cotton from producers to ensure a sufficient supply and established a price freeze on cotton thread and textiles. This policy failed because of resistance from cotton textile industrialists, who relocated textile facilities and capital to Hong Kong or Taiwan around the end of 1948 and early 1949 when prices soared and inflation spiraled out of control. Their withdrawal of support was a shattering blow to the morale of the KMT.
Among the most despised and ineffective efforts it undertook to contain inflation was the conversion to the gold standard for the national treasury and the Gold Standard Script () in August 1948, outlawing private ownership of gold, silver, and foreign exchange, collecting all such precious metals and foreign exchange from the people and issuing the Gold Standard Script in exchange. The new script became worthless in only ten months and greatly reinforced the nationwide perception of KMT as a corrupt or at best inept entity. Third, Chiang Kai-shek ordered his forces to defend the urbanized cities. This decision gave the Communists a chance to move freely through the countryside. At first, the KMT had the edge with the aid of weapons and ammunition from the United States. However, with hyperinflation and other economic ills, widespread corruption, the KMT continued to lose popular support. At the same time, the suspension of American aid and tens of thousands of deserted or decommissioned soldiers being recruited to the Communist cause tipped the balance of power quickly to the Communist side, and the overwhelming popular support for the Communists in most of the country made it all but impossible for the KMT forces to carry out successful assaults against the Communists. By the end of 1949, the Communists controlled almost all of mainland China, as the KMT retreated to Taiwan with a significant amount of China's national treasures and 2 million people, including military forces and refugees. Some party members stayed in the mainland and broke away from the main KMT to found the Revolutionary Committee of the Kuomintang, which still currently exists as one of the eight minor registered parties in the People's Republic of China.
Ideology in Mainland China (1920s–1950s).
Chinese nationalism.
The Kuomintang was a nationalist revolutionary party, which had been supported by the Soviet Union. It was organized on Leninism.
The Kuomintang had several influences left upon its ideology by revolutionary thinking. The Kuomintang and Chiang Kai-shek used the words feudal and counterrevolutionary as synonyms for evil, and backwardness, and proudly proclaimed themselves to be revolutionary. Chiang called the warlords feudalists, and called for feudalism and counterrevolutionaries to be stamped out by the Kuomintang. Chiang showed extreme rage when he was called a warlord, because of its negative, feudal connotations. Ma Bufang was forced to defend himself against the accusations, and stated to the news media that his army was a part of "National army, people's power".
Chiang Kai-shek, the head of the Kuomintang, warned the Soviet Union and other foreign countries about interfering in Chinese affairs. He was personally angry at the way China was treated by foreigners, mainly by the Soviet Union, Britain, and the United States. He and his New Life Movement called for the crushing of Soviet, Western, American and other foreign influences in China. Chen Lifu, a CC Clique member in the KMT, said "Communism originated from Soviet imperialism, which has encroached on our country." It was also noted that "the white bear of the North Pole is known for its viciousness and cruelty."
The Blue Shirts Society, a fascist paramilitary organization within the Kuomintang modeled after Mussolini's blackshirts, was anti-foreign and anticommunist, and stated that its agenda was to expel foreign (Japanese and Western) imperialists from China, crush Communism, and eliminate feudalism. In addition to being anticommunist, some Kuomintang members, like Chiang Kaishek's right-hand man Dai Li were anti-American, and wanted to expel American influence.
Kuomintang leaders across China adopted nationalist rhetoric. The Chinese Muslim general Ma Bufang of Qinghai presented himself as a Chinese nationalist to the people of China, fighting against British imperialism, to deflect criticism by opponents that his government was feudal and oppressed minorities like Tibetans and Buddhist Mongols. He used his Chinese nationalist credentials to his advantage to keep himself in power.
The Kuomintang pursued a sinicization policy, it was stated that "the time had come to set about the business of making all natives either turn Chinese or get out" by foreign observers of Kuomintang policy. It was noted that "Chinese colonization" of "Mongolia and Manchuria" led to the conclusion "to a conviction that the day of the barbarian was finally over."
New Guangxi Clique.
Dr. Sun Yat-sen, the founding father of the Republic of China and of the Kuomintang party praised the Boxers in the Boxer Rebellion for fighting against Western Imperialism. He said the Boxers were courageous and fearless, fighting to the death against the Western armies, Dr. Sun specifically cited the Battle of Yangcun.
During the Northern Expedition, the Kuomintang incited anti-foreign, anti-western sentiment. Portraits of Sun Yatsen replaced the crucifix in several churches, KMT posters proclaimed- "Jesus Christ is dead. Why not worship something alive such as Nationalism?". Foreign missionaries were attacked and anti foreign riots broke out.
The Kuomintang branch in Guangxi province, led by the New Guangxi Clique implemented anti-imperialist, anti-religious, and anti-foreign policies.
During the Northern Expedition, in 1926 in Guangxi, Muslim General Bai Chongxi led his troops in destroying Buddhist temples and smashing idols, turning the temples into schools and Kuomintang party headquarters. It was reported that almost all of Buddhist monasteries in Guangxi were destroyed by Bai in this manner. The monks were removed. Bai led an anti-foreign wave in Guangxi, attacking American, European, and other foreigners and missionaries, and generally making the province unsafe for non-natives. Westerners fled from the province, and some Chinese Christians were also attacked as imperialist agents.
The three goals of his movement were anti-foreign, anti-imperialism, and anti-religion. Bai led the anti-religious movement, against superstition. Huang Shaoxiong, also a Kuomintang member of the New Guangxi Clique, supported Bai's campaign, and Huang was not a Muslim, the anti religious campaign was agreed upon by all Guangxi Kuomintang members.
As a Kuomintang member, Bai and the other Guangxi clique members allowed the Communists to continue attacking foreigners and smash idols, since they shared the goal of expelling the foreign powers from China, but they stopped Communists from initiating social change.
General Bai also wanted to aggressively expel foreign powers from other areas of China. Bai gave a speech in which he said that the minorities of china were suffering under foreign oppression. He cited specific examples, such as the Tibetans under the British, the Manchus under the Japanese, the Mongols under the Outer Mongolian People's Republic, and the Uyghurs of Xinjiang under the Soviet Union. Bai called upon China to assist them in expelling the foreigners from those lands. He personally wanted to lead an expedition to seize back Xinjiang to bring it under Chinese control, in the style that Zuo Zongtang led during the Dungan revolt.
During the Kuomintang Pacification of Qinghai the Muslim General Ma Bufang destroyed Tibetan Buddhist monasteries with support from the Kuomintang government.
General Ma Bufang, a Sufi, who backed the Yihewani Muslims, and persecuted the Fundamentalist Salafi/Wahhabi Muslim sect. The Yihewani forced the Salafis into hiding. They were not allowed to move or worship openly. The Yihewani had become secular and Chinese nationalist, and they considered the Salafiyya to be "Heterodox" (xie jiao), and people who followed foreigner's teachings (waidao). Only after the Communists took over were the Salafis allowed to come out and worship openly.
Socialism and anti-capitalist agitation.
The Kuomintang had a left wing and a right wing, the left being more radical in its pro Soviet policies, but both wings equally persecuted merchants, accusing them of being counterrevolutionaries and reactionaries. The right wing under Chiang Kaishek prevailed, and continued radical policies against private merchants and industrialists, even as they denounced communism.
One of the Three Principles of the People of the Kuomintang, Mínshēng, was defined as socialism as Dr. Sun Yatsen. He defined this principle of saying in his last days "it's socialism and it's communism.". The concept may be understood as social welfare as well. Sun understood it as an industrial economy and equality of land holdings for the Chinese peasant farmers. Here he was influenced by the American thinker Henry George (see Georgism) and German thinker Karl Marx; the land value tax in Taiwan is a legacy thereof. He divided livelihood into four areas: food, clothing, housing, and transportation; and planned out how an ideal (Chinese) government can take care of these for its people.
The Kuomintang was referred to having a socialist ideology. "Equalization of land rights" was a clause included by Dr. Sun in the original Tongmenhui. The Kuomintang's revolutionary ideology in the 1920s incorporated unique Chinese Socialism as part of its ideology.
The Soviet Union trained Kuomintang revolutionaries in the Moscow Sun Yat-sen University. In the West and in the Soviet Union, Chiang was known as the "Red General". Movie theaters in the Soviet Union showed newsreels and clips of Chiang, at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University Portraits of Chiang were hung on the walls, and in the Soviet May Day Parades that year, Chiang's portrait was to be carried along with the portraits of Karl Marx, Lenin, Stalin, and other socialist leaders.
The Kuomintang attempted to levy taxes upon merchants in Canton, and the merchants resisted by raising an army, the Merchant's volunteer corps. Dr. Sun initiated this anti merchant policy, and Chiang Kai-shek enforced it, Chiang led his army of Whampoa Military Academy graduates to defeat the merchant's army. Chiang was assisted by Soviet advisors, who supplied him with weapons, while the merchants were supplied with weapons from the Western countries.
The Kuomintang were accused of leading a "Red Revolution"in Canton. The merchants were conservative and reactionary, and their Volunteer Corp leader Chen Lianbao was a prominent comprador trader.
The merchants were supported by the foreign, western Imperialists such as the British, who led an international flotilla to support them against Dr. Sun. Chiang seized the western supplied weapons from the merchants, and battled against them. A Kuomintang General executed several merchants, and the Kuomintang formed a Soviet inspired Revolutionary Committee. The British Communist party congratulated Dr. Sun for his war against foreign imperialists and capitalists.
In 1948, the Kuomintang again attacked the merchants of Shanghai, Chiang Kaishek sent his son Chiang Ching-kuo to restore economic order. Ching-kuo copied Soviet methods, which he learned during his stay there, to start a social revolution by attacking middle class merchants. He also enforced low prices on all goods to raise support from the Proletariat.
As riots broke out and savings were ruined, bankrupting shopowners, Ching-kuo began to attack the wealthy, seizing assets and placing them under arrest. The son of the gangster Du Yuesheng was arrested by him. Ching-kuo ordered Kuomintang agents to raid the Yangtze Development Corporation's warehouses, which was privately owned by H.H. Kung and his family. H.H. Kung's wife was Soong Ai-ling, the sister of Soong May-ling who was Ching-kuo's stepmother. H.H. Kung's son David was arrested, the Kung's responded by blackmailing the Chiang's, threatening to release information about them, eventually he was freed after negotiations, and Ching-kuo resigned, ending the terror on the Shanghainese merchants.
The Kuomintang also promotes Government-owned corporations. The Kuomintang founder Sun Yat-sen, was heavily influenced by the economic ideas of Henry George, who believed that the rents extracted from natural monopolies or the usage of land belonged to the public. Dr. Sun argued for Georgism and emphasized the importance of a mixed economy, which he termed "The Principle of Minsheng" in his Three Principles of the People.
"The railroads, public utilities, canals, and forests should be nationalized, and all income from the land and mines should be in the hands of the State. With this money in hand, the State can therefore finance the social welfare programs."
The Kuomintang Muslim Governor of Ningxia, Ma Hongkui promoted state owned monopoly companies. His government had a company, Fu Ning Company, which had a monopoly over commercial and industry in Ningxia.
The Kuomintang Muslim Governor of Qinghai, General Ma Bufang was described as a socialist. An American scholar and government advisor, Doak Barnett, praised Ma Bufang's government as "one of the most efficient in China, and one of the most energetic. While most of China is bogged down, almost inevitably, by Civil War, Chinghai is attempting to carry our small-scale, but nevertheless ambitious, development and reconstruction schemes on its own initiative"
General Ma started a state run and controlled industralization project, directly creating educational, medical, agricultural, and sanitation projects, run or assisted by the state. The state provided money for food and uniforms in all schools, state run or private. Roads and a theater were constructed. The state controlled all the press, no freedom was allowed for independent journalists. His regime was dictatoral in its political system. Barnett admitted that the regime had "sterm authoritarianism" and "little room for personal freedom".
Corporations such as CSBC Corporation, Taiwan, CPC Corporation, Taiwan and Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation are owned by the state in the Republic of China.
Marxists also existed in the Kuomintang party. They viewed the Chinese revolution in different terms than the Communists, claiming that China already went past its feudal stage and in a stagnation period rather than in another mode of production. These marxists in the Kuomintang opposed the Chinese communist party ideology.
Confucianism and religion in ideology.
The Kuomintang used traditional Chinese religious ceremonies, the souls of Party martyrs who died fighting for the Kuomintang and the revolution and the party founder Dr. Sun Yatsen were sent to heaven according to the Kuomintang party. Chiang Kaishek believed that these martyrs witnessed events on earth from heaven.
When the Northern Expedition was complete, Kuomintang Generals led by Chiang Kaishek paid tribute to Dr. Sun's soul in heaven with a sacrificial ceremony at the Xiangshan Temple in Beijing in July 1928, among the Kuomintang Generals present were the Muslim Generals Bai Chongxi and Ma Fuxiang.
The Kuomintang backed the New Life Movement, which promoted Confucianism, and it was also against westernization.
The Kuomintang leaders also opposed the May Fourth Movement. Chiang Kai-shek, as a nationalist, and Confucianist, was against the iconoclasm of the May Fourth Movement. He viewed some western ideas as foreign, as a Chinese nationalist, and that the introduction of western ideas and literature that the May Fourth Movement wanted was not welcome. He and Dr. Sun Yat-sen criticized these May Fourth intellectuals for corrupting morals of youth.
Imams sponsored by the Kuomintang called for Muslims to go on Jihad to become shaheed (Muslim term for martyr) in battle, where Muslims believed they would go automatically to heaven. Becoming a shaheed in the Jihad for the country was encouraged by the Kuomintang, which was called "glorious death for the state" and a hadith promoting nationalism was spread. A song written by Xue Wenbo at the Muslim Chengda school, which was controlled by the Kuomintang, called for martyrdom in battle for China against Japan.
The Kuomintang also incorporated Confucianism in its jurisprudence. It pardoned Shi Jianqiao for murdering Sun Chuanfang, because she did it in revenge since Sun executed her father Shi Congbin, which was an example of Filial piety to one's parents in Confucianism. The Kuomintang encouraged filial revenge killings and extended pardons to those who performed them.
Modernization.
Historians until the 1990s often portrayed the KMT simply as a band of corrupt leaders who colluded with rich financiers and industrialists and cared little for China's workers and peasants, contrasting it with the supposed broad base of popular support for the communists. However, as Bodenhorn (2002) shows, scholars are coming to an appreciation of its efforts to build a vibrant and dynamic state, before it lost on the battlefield to the Communists, but then had a second chance on Taiwan where they did succeed.
The KMT promoted science and industry, and tried to eradicate such traditional practices as footbinding, and extravagant marriage and funerary customs. The KMT had a complicated relationship to Christian missionary activity. Many high officials (including Chiang) were Christians and American public opinion that favored China was based on the missionaries. At the same time in the villages the KMT criticized missionary activity as an egregious example of imperialism. No significant action against the churches was taken but criticizing them was a much safer way to spread the anti-imperialist message of the KMT than taking on foreign firms or the U.S. The anti-Christian movements were important tactically for gaining the support of students and others in society who were angry at the influence of outsiders in China.
The Kuomintang purged China's education system of western ideas, introducing Confucianism into the curriculum. Education came under the total control of state, which meant, in effect, the Kuomintang party, via the Ministry of Education. Military and political classes on the Kuomintang's Three principles of the people were added. Textbooks, exams, degrees and educational instructors were all controlled by the state, as were all universities.
Soviet style military.
Chiang Ching-kuo, appointed as Kuomintang director of Secret Police in 1950, was educated in the Soviet Union, and initiated Soviet style military organization in the Republic of China Military, reorganizing and Sovietizing the political officer corps, surveillance, and Kuomintang party activities were propagated throughout the military. Opposed to this was Sun Li-jen, who was educated at the American Virginia Military Institute. Chiang Ching-kuo then arrested Sun Li-jen, charging him of conspiring with the American CIA of plotting to overthrow Chiang Kaishek and the Kuomintang, Sun was placed under house arrest in 1955.
KMT in Taiwan.
In 1895, Taiwan, including the Pescadores, became a Japanese colony, a concession by the Qing Empire after it lost the First Sino-Japanese War. After Japan's defeat at the end of World War II in 1945, General Order No. 1 instructed Japan, who surrendered to the US, to surrender its troops in Taiwan to the forces of the Republic of China Kuomintang.
Taiwan was placed under the administrative control of the Republic of China by the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA), and the ROC put Taiwan under military occupation. Tensions between the local Taiwanese and mainlanders from mainland China increased in the intervening years culminating in a flashpoint on February 27, 1947 in Taipei when a dispute between a female cigarette vendor and an anti-smuggling officer triggered civil disorder and protests that would last for days. The uprising turned bloody and was shortly put down by the ROC Army in the 228 Incident.
Following the establishment of the People's Republic of China (PRC) on October 1, 1949, the commanders of the PRC People's Liberation Army believed that Kinmen and Matsu had to be taken before a final assault on Taiwan. KMT fought the Battle of Kuningtou and stopped the invasion. In 1950 Chiang took office in Taipei under the Temporary Provisions Effective During the Period of Communist Rebellion. The provision declared martial law in Taiwan and halted some democratic processes, including presidential and parliamentary elections, until the mainland could be recovered from the Communists. KMT estimated it would take 3 years to defeat the Communists. The slogan was "prepare in the first year, start fighting in the second, and conquer in the third year." However, various factors, including international pressure, are believed to have prevented the KMT from militarily engaging the Communists full-scale. A cold war with a couple of minor military conflicts was resulted in the early years. The various government bodies previously in Nanjing were re-established in Taipei as the KMT-controlled government actively claimed sovereignty over all China. The Republic of China in Taiwan retained China's seat in the United Nations until 1971 .
Until the 1970s, KMT successfully pushed ahead with land reforms, developed the economy, implemented a democratic system in a lower level of the government, improved cross-Taiwan Strait relations, and created the Taiwan economic miracle. However KMT controlled the government under a one-party authoritarian state until reforms in the late 1970s through the 1990s. As a result of the 228 Incident in 1947, Taiwanese people had to endure what is called the "White Terror", a KMT-led political repression. The ROC in Taiwan was once referred to synonymously with the KMT and known simply as "Nationalist China" after its ruling party. In the 1970s, the KMT began to allow for "supplemental elections" in Taiwan to fill the seats of the aging representatives in parliament. Although opposition parties were not permitted, Tangwai (or, "outside the party") representatives were tolerated. In the 1980s, the KMT focused on transforming the government from a single-party system to a multi-party democracy one and embracing "Taiwanizing". With the founding of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) in 1986, the KMT started competing against the DPP in Parliamentary elections. In 1991, martial law ceased when President Lee Teng-Hui terminated the Temporary Provisions Effective During the Period of Communist Rebellion. All parties started to be allowed to compete at all levels of elections, including the presidential election. Lee Teng-hui, the ROC's first democratically elected President and the leader of the KMT during the 1990s, announced his advocacy of "special state-to-state relations" with the PRC. The PRC associated it with Taiwan independence.
The KMT faced a split in 1994 that led to the formation of the Chinese New Party, alleged to be a result of Lee's "corruptive ruling style". The New Party has, since the purging of Lee, largely reintegrated into KMT. A much more serious split in the party occurred as a result of the 2000 Presidential election. Upset at the choice of Lien Chan as the party's presidential nominee, former party Secretary-General James Soong launched an independent bid, which resulted in the expulsion of Soong and his supporters and the formation of the People's First Party (PFP). The KMT candidate placed third behind Soong in the elections. After the election, Lee's strong relationship with the opponent became apparent. In order to prevent defections to the PFP, Lien moved the party away from Lee's pro-independence policies and became more favorable toward Chinese reunification. This shift led to Lee's expulsion from the party and the formation of the Taiwan Solidarity Union.
Current issues and challenges.
As the ruling party on Taiwan, the KMT amassed a vast business empire of banks, investment companies, petrochemical firms, and television and radio stations, thought to have made it the world's richest political party, with assets once estimated to be around US$ 2–10 billion. Although this war chest appeared to help the KMT until the mid-1990s, it later led to accusations of corruption (see Black gold (politics)). After 2000, the KMT's financial holdings appeared to be more of a liability than a benefit, and the KMT started to divest its assets. However, the transactions were not disclosed and the whereabouts of the money earned from selling assets (if it has gone anywhere) is unknown. There were accusations in the 2004 presidential election that the KMT retained assets that were illegally acquired. Currently, there is a law proposed by the DPP in the Legislative Yuan to recover illegally acquired party assets and return them to the government; however, since the pan-Blue alliance, the KMT and its smaller partner PFP, control the legislature, it is very unlikely to be passed. The KMT also acknowledged that part of its assets were acquired through extra-legal means and thus promised to "retro-endow" them to the government. However, the quantity of the assets which should be classified as illegal are still under heated debate; DPP, in its capacity as ruling party from 2000–2008, claimed that there is much more that the KMT has yet to acknowledge. Also, the KMT actively sold assets under its title in order to quench its recent financial difficulties, which the DPP argues is illegal. Former KMT Chairman Ma Ying-Jeou's position is that the KMT will sell some of its properties at below market rates rather than return them to the government and that the details of these transactions will not be publicly disclosed.
In December 2003, then-KMT chairman (present chairman emeritus) and presidential candidate Lien Chan initiated what appeared to some to be a major shift in the party's position on the linked questions of Chinese reunification and Taiwan independence. Speaking to foreign journalists, Lien said that while the KMT was opposed to "immediate independence," it did not wish to be classed as "pro-reunificationist" either.
At the same time, Wang Jin-pyng, speaker of the Legislative Yuan and the Pan-Blue Coalition's campaign manager in the 2004 presidential election, said that the party no longer opposed Taiwan's "eventual independence." This statement was later clarified as meaning that the KMT opposes any immediate decision on unification and independence and would like to have this issue resolved by future generations. The KMT's position on the cross-strait relationship was redefined as hoping to remain in the current neither-independent-nor-united situation.
In 2005, then-party chairman Lien Chan announced that he was to leave his office. The two leading contenders for the position include Ma Ying-jeou and Wang Jin-pyng. On April 5, 2005, Taipei Mayor Ma Ying-jeou said he wished to lead the opposition Kuomintang with Wang Jin-pyng. On 16 July 2005, Ma was elected as KMT chairman in the first contested leadership in Kuomintang's 93-year history. Some 54 percent of the party's 1.04 million members cast their ballots. Ma Ying-jeou garnered 72.4 percent of vote share, or 375,056 votes, against Wang Jin-pyng's 27.6 percent, or 143,268 votes. After failing to convince Wang to stay on as a vice chairman, Ma named holdovers Wu Po-hsiung (吳伯雄), Chiang Pin-kung (江丙坤), and Lin Cheng-chi (林澄枝), as well as long-time party administrator and strategist John Kuan (關中), as vice-chairmen; all appointments were approved by a hand count of party delegates.
There has been a recent warming of relations between the pan-blue coalition and the PRC, with prominent members of both the KMT and PFP in active discussions with officials on the Mainland. In February 2004, it appeared that KMT had opened a campaign office for the Lien-Soong ticket in Shanghai targeting Taiwanese businessmen. However, after an adverse reaction in Taiwan, the KMT quickly declared that the office was opened without official knowledge or authorization. In addition, the PRC issued a statement forbidding open campaigning in the Mainland and formally stated that it had no preference as to which candidate won and cared only about the positions of the winning candidate.
On March 28, 2005, thirty members of the Kuomintang (KMT), led by KMT vice chairman Chiang Pin-kung, arrived in mainland China. This marked the first official visit by the KMT to the mainland since it was defeated by communist forces in 1949 (although KMT members including Chiang had made individual visits in the past). The delegates began their itinerary by paying homage to the revolutionary martyrs of the Tenth Uprising at Huanghuagang. They subsequently flew to the former ROC capital of Nanjing to commemorate Sun Yat-sen. During the trip KMT signed a 10-points agreement with the CPC. The opponents regarded this visit as the prelude of the third KMT-CPC cooperation. Weeks afterwards, in May, Chairman Lien Chan visited the mainland and met with Hu Jintao. No agreements were signed because Chen Shui-bian's government threatened to prosecute the KMT delegation for treason and violation of R.O.C. laws prohibiting citizens from collaborating with Communists.
On February 13, 2007, Ma was indicted by the Taiwan High Prosecutors Office on charges of allegedly embezzling approximately NT$11 million (US$339,000), regarding the issue of "special expenses" while he was mayor of Taipei. Shortly after the indictment, he submitted his resignation as chairman of the Kuomintang at the same press conference at which he formally announced his candidacy for President. Ma argued that it was customary for officials to use the special expense fund for personal expenses undertaken in the course of their official duties. In December 2007, Ma was acquitted of all charges and immediately filed suit against the prosecutors who are also appealing the acquittal.
Leaders.
List of leaders of the Kuomintang (1912–1914).
President:
Premier:
List of leaders of the Kuomintang of China (1919–present).
Premier:
Chairman of Central Executive Committee:
Director-General:
Secretaries-General of the Central Executive Committee:
Secretaries-General of the Central Reform Committee:
Secretaries-General of the Central Committee:

</doc>
<doc id="19780844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780844" title="Dry Fork Plantation">
Dry Fork Plantation

Dry Fork Plantation is a historic plantation house in Coy, Alabama. The two-story wood-frame house was built between 1832 and 1834 in a vernacular interpretation of Federal style architecture. It was built for James Asbury Tait by two slaves, Hezekiah and Elijah. The floor plan is centered on a hall that separates four rooms, two on each side, on both floors. Tait recorded in his daybook that the house required of lumber, the roof was covered with 6,000 wooden shingles, and the chimneys and foundation required 12,000 bricks, made from clay on the plantation. Dry Fork is one of the oldest houses still standing in Wilcox County and remains in the Tait family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 26, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19780855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780855" title="Micro-X-ray fluorescence">
Micro-X-ray fluorescence

Micro x-ray fluorescence ("µXRF") is an elemental analysis technique that relies on the same principles as x-ray fluorescence ("XRF"). The difference is that micro x-ray fluorescence has a spatial resolution with a diameter many orders of magnitude smaller than conventional XRF. While a smaller excitation spot can be achieved by restricting x-ray beam using a pinhole aperture, this method blocks much of the x-ray flux which has an adverse effect on the sensitivity of trace elemental analysis. Two types of x-ray optics, polycapillary and doubly curved crystal focusing optics, are able to create small focal spots of just a few micrometers in diameter. By using x-ray optics, the irradiation of the focal spot is much more intense and allows for enhanced trace element analysis and better resolution of small features. Micro x-ray fluorescence using x-ray optics has been used in applications such as forensics, small feature evaluations, elemental mapping, multi-layered coating analysis, micro-contamination detection, and film and plating thickness.
Application in Forensic Science.
Micro x-ray fluorescence is among the newest technologies used to detect fingerprints. It is a new visualization technique which rapidly reveals the elemental composition of a sample by irradiating it with a thin beam of X-rays without disturbing the sample. It was discovered recently by scientists at the Los Alamos National Laboratory. The newly discovered technique was then first revealed at the 229th national meeting of the American Chemical Society (March, 2005). This new discovery could prove to be very beneficial to the law enforcement world, because it is expected that "µXRF" will be able to detect the most complex molecules in fingerprints.
Michael Bernstein of the American Chemical Society describes how the process works "Salts such as sodium chloride and potassium chloride excreted in sweat are sometimes present in detectable quantities in fingerprints. Using µXRF, the researchers showed that they could detect the sodium, potassium and chlorine from such salts. And since these salts are deposited along the patterns present in a fingerprint, an image of the fingerprint can be visualized producing an elemental image for analysis." This basically means that we can “see” a fingerprint because the salts are deposited mainly along the patterns present in a fingerprint.
Since "µXRF" technology uses X-ray technology to detect fingerprints, instead of traditional techniques, the image comes out much clearer. Traditional fingerprints are performed by using a technique called which involves using powders, liquids, or vapors to add color to the fingerprint so it can be easily distinguished. But sometimes this process may alter the fingerprint or may not be able to detect some of the more complex molecules.

</doc>
<doc id="19780868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780868" title="Nanheudwy">
Nanheudwy

Nanheudwy was a medieval commote of Wales considered part of the ancient Kingdom of Powys. It was traditionally defined as "the region between the rivers Dee and Ceiriog". From 1160 it was a part of the principality of Powys Fadog until the dissolution of that realm in 1277 when it became a marcher lordship. In 1542 it was incorporated into the new administrative county of Denbighshire (historic) that had been constructed based on the English shire model. In 1974 it was transferred to the new county of Clwyd. This arrangement was maintained until 1996 when again it was returned to a reformulated Denbighshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19780875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19780875" title="Landcorp">
Landcorp

Landcorp Farming Limited ("Landcorp") is a state-owned enterprise of the New Zealand government. Its core business is pastoral farming including dairy, sheep, beef and deer. At January 2012, Landcorp managed 137 properties carrying 1.5 million stock units on 376,156 hectares of land.
History.
Landcorp was incorporated as a State-owned Enterprise on 1 April 1987 to assume the commercial farming and property activities of the former Department of Lands and Survey. It operates under the State Owned Enterprises Act 1986.
Services.
Landcorp has four main subsidiary companies:
In addition, Landcorp supplies farm management and related services to other commercial farmers and rural investors.
Official website.
http://www.landcorp.co.nz/

</doc>
<doc id="19781002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781002" title="Maciej Scherfchen">
Maciej Scherfchen

Career.
Club.
In January 2011, He joined Warta Poznań.
International career.
Scherfchen has made two appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19781012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781012" title="Peter DePoe">
Peter DePoe

Peter DePoe (also known as Last Walking Bear) was born in Neah Bay, Washington, in 1943. His tribal descents are Northern Cheyenne, Arapaho, Chippewa, Siletz, Rogue River Tututni and Iroquois. DePoe is also of French and German descent. He became in 1969 the drummer for the Native American rock band Redbone. He was credited with developing a style of drumming known as "King Kong". In 1972, following the death of his father, he left the group. The band replaced him with Arturo Perez, then Tony Bellamy's Filipino-Mexican American cousin, Butch Rillera.

</doc>
<doc id="19781051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781051" title="Main Street (Los Angeles)">
Main Street (Los Angeles)

Main Street is a major north-south thoroughfare in Los Angeles, California, and is the east-west postal divider for that city. It begins as a continuation of Valley Boulevard west of Mission Road in Lincoln Heights and ends at the Port of Los Angeles. At 9th Street, it merges with Spring Street in Downtown LA, and between Cesar E. Chavez Avenue and 9th Street, Main Street shares a one-way couplet with Spring Street. On entrance to Wilmington, Main Street continues as Wilmington Boulevard, ending at Harry Bridges Boulevard. Many of the City's historical buildings are located on Main Street.
Transportation.
Main Street carries Metro Local lines 10, 33, 48, 55, 68, 76, 83, 92, and 355, as well as Metro Rapid line 733; most of those lines run on Main Street in downtown only, while Line 76 serves Main Street in Northeast Los Angeles and Line 48 in South Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19781058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781058" title="Conon Bridge railway station">
Conon Bridge railway station

Conon Bridge is a railway station on the Far North and Kyle of Lochalsh Lines, which serves the villages of Conon Bridge and Maryburgh in the Scottish Highlands. Initially known as Conon, it originally closed in 1960 and reopened on 8 February 2013.
Original station (1862–1960).
Conon station was situated between Dingwall and Muir of Ord. The railway station was opened by Inverness and Ross-shire Railway on 11 June 1862 and closed on 13 June 1960. The original station had two platforms and was the junction with the partially constructed Cromarty and Dingwall Light Railway.
2013 reopening.
The rebuilt station was projected to open by 2012 as Conon Bridge. In March 2012, Network Rail revealed that agreement had been reached with the Highlands and Islands Transport Partnership for it to provide £100,000 towards the construction of a single four-carriage platform at the station site. The new station was forecast to handle 36,000 passengers a year, including tourists and commuters to . 
In September 2012, Scottish Government Transport Minister Keith Brown announced that a new station, expected to cost £600,000, would be built in time for a February 2013 opening, in time to help relieve traffic during the delayed £18 million pound resurfacing works to be carried out on the Kessock Bridge.
Construction was begun in November 2012 by Network Rail. A single platform around 15 metres long (similar to that at nearby Beauly railway station) was provided, together with a new waiting shelter, passenger information systems, cycle racks and lockers and a new car park, wider road access and enhanced street lighting. The project was supported by Highland Council, HiTRANS, Network Rail and ScotRail. It reopened as scheduled and on budget on 8 February 2013. In the month following the station's opening, more than 2,000 journeys were made to or from it. According to Minister for Transport Keith Brown, the numbers "show that it was an extremely worthwhile investment".
Services.
From 8 February 2013.
There will be 13 daily southbound services and 12 daily northbound services. Journey times will be around 25 minutes to Inverness and 7 minutes to Dingwall.

</doc>
<doc id="19781066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781066" title="Vanuatu National Union of Students">
Vanuatu National Union of Students

The Vanuatu National Union of Students was founded in 1980. VNUS holds consultative membership in the International Union of Students.

</doc>
<doc id="19781080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781080" title="Merostomoidea">
Merostomoidea

Merostomoidea is a paraphyletic group of fossil arthropods. They have been described as a transitional form between trilobites and true chelicerates.
Sources.
http://www.palaeos.com/Invertebrates/Arthropods/Arachnomorpha.html#Merostomoidea

</doc>
<doc id="19781082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781082" title="Diary of a Spider">
Diary of a Spider

Diary of a Spider is a children's picture book published in 2005 and it is a sequel to "Diary of a Worm". It is written by Doreen Cronin and it is illustrated by Harry Bliss.
Plot.
The book is a diary written by a spider. The diary has things such as pictures of Spider's family, a picture of his favorite book, a discovery of a sculpture, and a playbill from the school's production of "Itsy Bitsy Spider". There is also a slight storyline about Spider's friendship with Fly and Grampa hating bugs with six legs. The worm from "Diary of a Worm" makes occasional appearances.
Reception.
A "Publishers Weekly" review says, "This endearing book delivers a gentle message that comes through when Spider muses, "I wish that people wouldn't judge all spiders based on the few spiders that bite. I know if we took the time to get to know each other, we would get along just fine. Just like me and Fly." A Kirkus Reviews review says, "Spider closes with the notion that we could all get along, "just like me and Fly," if we but got to know one another. Once again, brilliantly hilarious". Susan Dove Lempke, of Horn Book Magazine, reviewed the book saying, "Kid humor and spider humor (not to mention worm humor) seem remarkably similar, so expect this second Diary to be just as popular as the first."

</doc>
<doc id="19781132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781132" title="Philip Ellis">
Philip Ellis

Philip Constable Ellis (1822 – 10 May 1900) was a Welsh Anglo-Catholic clergyman, and one of the earliest Tractarians in north Wales.
Ellis studied at Beaumaris Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford, where he matriculated at the age of 18 in 1840. He graduated in 1843 or 1844, coming under the influence of the Tractarian movement whilst at Oxford. He did much to promote Anglo-Catholicism after his ordination in 1846, refusing to deal with non-conformists, holding daily services and making changes to church ritual and furnishings. He was the curate of Charles Williams at Holyhead in 1847 and in 1850 became perpetual curate of Llanfaes and Penmon, all on the island of Anglesey in north Wales. His final position was as rector of Llanfairfechan, Gwynedd, from 1862 until his death in 1900. He refused three offers to become a Dean of a cathedral in Wales. His refusals to compromise his Anglo-Catholic principles led to conflict with Christopher Bethell, the Bishop of Bangor (despite Bethell's own views), but Ellis had influential support within the diocese and Bethell did not pursue his attempts to discipline Ellis.

</doc>
<doc id="19781161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781161" title="GenICam">
GenICam

GenICam (abbreviated for Generic Interface for Cameras) is a generic programming interface for machine vision (industrial) cameras. The goal of the standard is to decouple industrial camera interfaces technology (such as GigE Vision or Camera Link) from the user application programming interface (API). GenICam is administered by the European Machine Vision Association (EMVA). The work on the standard began in 2003 and the first module in GenICam, i.e., GenApi, was ratified in 2006 whereas the final module, i.e., GenTL was ratified in 2008.
Many companies in the machine vision industry have contributed to the standard. The main companies involved in drafting the GenICam standards are:
With many companies involved in drafting GenICam standard and the interoperability benefit that it is hoped to offer, machine vision manufacturers have already started to use GenICam in their products. However, companies who helped developing the standard are taking a "two-way approach" where they still are developing proprietary SDK. It is yet to be seen if GenICam can replace all SDK development and achieve its intended goals of interoperability and, eventually, cheaper machine vision products.
GenICam consists of three modules to help solving the main tasks in machine vision field in a generic way. These modules are:
GenICam provides supports for five basic functions:

</doc>
<doc id="19781232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781232" title="Club de rencontres">
Club de rencontres

Club de rencontres is a 1987 French comedy film directed and written by Michel Lang. The film stars Francis Perrin.

</doc>
<doc id="19781274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781274" title="Wanda Wiłkomirska">
Wanda Wiłkomirska

Wanda Wiłkomirska (born 11 January 1929 in Warsaw) is a Polish violinist and teacher. She is known for both the classical repertoire and for her interpretation of 20th century music, having received two Polish State Awards for promoting Polish music to the world and also other awards for her contribution to music. She has given world premiere performances of numerous contemporary works including Tadeusz Baird and Krzysztof Penderecki. She now lives and teaches in Australia. Wiłkomirska performs on a violin crafted by Pietro Guarneri in 1734 in Venice.
Biography.
Wanda Wiłkomirska first learned the violin from her father, and studied with Irena Dubiska at the Łódź Academy of Music, graduating in 1947. She graduated from the Ferenc Liszt Music Academy in Budapest in 1950, where she studied under Ede Zathureczki (a student of Jenő Hubay). She performed in Paris, which led to Henryk Szeryng asking her to study with him. She won prizes at competitions in Geneva (1946), Budapest (1949) and Leipzig (the International Johann Sebastian Bach Competition, 1950; 2nd prize), She also studied in Warsaw under Tadeusz Wroński, who helped her prepare for the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition in Poznań in December 1952, where she played Karol Szymanowski’s Concerto No. 1 for the first time (it became a favourite of hers). She shared 2nd prize with Julian Sitkovetsky; the 1st prize winner was Igor Oistrakh. 
In 1955, Wanda Wiłkomirska performed at the inauguration of the rebuilt Warsaw Philharmonic Concert Hall, with the Poland National Philharmonic Orchestra under Witold Rowicki. She became the orchestra's principal soloist and gave many performances with the orchestra around the world, with such conductors as Rowicki, Stanisław Wisłocki and Antoni Wit. The American impresario Sol Hurok (who managed such violinists as Isaac Stern and David Oistrakh) introduced her to the enthusiastic U.S. and Canadian markets. She has since performed in over 50 countries, in all continents. In the 1960s and 1970s, Wanda Wiłkomirska gave an average of 100 concerts per year.
In 1969, she gave 37 performances in Australia (a country she later emigrated to). These interpretations won her great acclaim and she received further recital and concert proposals from Australian orchestras. In 1973, she was the first violinist to perform a solo recital in the newly built Sydney Opera House (she was accompanied by Geoffrey Parsons).
In 1976 she helped inaugurate the Barbican Hall in London with a performance of Benjamin Britten's Violin Concerto, scheduled to be conducted by Sir John Barbirolli, but in the end Erich Leinsdorf. 
In 1982, during the period of martial law in Poland, Wanda Wiłkomirska announced during a concert tour in the West that she would not return to Poland at the end of the tour. One of her sons, Arthur, also defected to West Germany.
In 1983, she accepted the chair of music professor at the Heidelberg-Mannheim Hochschule für Musik. Since that time, teaching has become her great passion and an opportunity to share her instrumental skills and experience as a musician with the next generation of virtuosos.
In 1999 she joined the teaching staff of the Sydney Conservatorium of Music and since February 2001 has also worked for the Australian National Academy of Music in Melbourne. Wanda Wiłkomirska continues to be a part of musical life in Europe, flying between the two continents for concerts, master classes and competitions, whilst remaining involved in musical life in Australia.
Wanda Wiłkomirska is often a jury member at violin competitions, such as those held in: Moscow, Tokyo, London, Munich, Vienna, Graz, Hanover, Gorizia, and in Poland, in Poznań, Kraków, Łódź and Lublin.
Chamber music.
Wanda Wiłkomirska has often performed in a piano trio, accompanied by her sister Maria at the piano and her brother Kazimierz on the cello, as the Wiłkomirska Trio. She has also played with Krystian Zimerman, Daniel Barenboim, Gidon Kremer, Natalia Sheludiakova, Martha Argerich, Kim Kashkashian and Mischa Maisky. She has performed at such festivals as: "Bravo Maestro", Gidon Kremer and Friends in Kuhmo, and Martha Argerich and Friends in Bochum.
Premiere performances.
Wiłkomirska gave premiere performances of various Polish contemporary compositions, such as: Grażyna Bacewicz's Violin Concerto No. 5 (1951) and Violin Concerto No. 7 (1979), Tadeusz Baird's "Expressions" (1959), Augustyn Bloch's "Dialogues" (1966), Krzysztof Penderecki's "Capriccio" (1968), Zbigniew Bargielski's Violin Concerto (1977), Zbigniew Bujarski's Violin Concerto (1980), Roman Maciejewski's Sonata (1998) and Włodzimierz Kotoński's Violin Concerto (2000).
Conductors and orchestras.
Wanda Wiłkomirska has given recitals and performed symphonic concerts in many famous halls, including: Carnegie Hall, the Lincoln Center, Salle Pleyel in Paris, Leipzig Gewandhaus, the Royal Festival Hall, the Pyotr Tchaikovsky Hall in Moscow and the Berlin Philharmonic Hall. She has performed with the New York Philharmonic, the Cleveland Orchestra, the Hallé Orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic, the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra, the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and the Berliner Philharmonic, with such celebrated conductors as: Paul Kletzki, Pierre Boulez, Paul Hindemith, Otto Klemperer, Zubin Mehta, Sir John Barbirolli, Wolfgang Sawallisch, Kurt Masur and Erich Leinsdorf.
She played only once with Leonard Bernstein, artistic differences leading them not to repeat the experience.
Recordings.
In 1968, she began regularly recording for the Connoisseur Society record company in New York, for which she made 12 albums, some with the pianist Antonio Barbosa. Two of these won awards, namely "Best of the Year" (1972) and the "Grand Prix du Disque" (1974). She has also recorded with Deutsche Grammophon, EMI, Philips, Naxos, and Polskie Nagrania.
Her recordings include the works of Accolay, Bacewicz, Bach, Baird, Bargielski, Bartok, Beethoven, Augustyn Bloch, Brahms, Bujarski, Dancla, Franck, Handel, Karlowicz, Khachaturian, Kreisler, Martini, Mussorgsky, Pallasz, Prokofiev, Rachmaninoff, Ravel, Shostakovich, Szymanowski, Tchaikovsky, Viotti and Wieniawski.
Personal life.
Wanda Wiłkomirska's marriage to Mieczysław Rakowski ended in divorce. He later became Prime Minister of Poland (1988–89) and First Secretary of the Polish United Workers' Party. They had 2 sons, one of whom emigrated to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19781292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781292" title="Balipur, Uttar Pradesh">
Balipur, Uttar Pradesh

Balipur is a small village in Ballia district in Uttar Pradesh province of India. It comes under the Post Office Of kurem-Pin 221712. This village is mainly occupied by pandey surname people. There are two other castes living here who have been brought from some other village of the same district. Since then they have been serving and assisting pandeys in their agricultural and household activities. This is one of the 'better' villages in the area that has a 100% literacy rate. One of the ideal village in the country. This village has produced many engineers and doctors. They are serving in India and abroad. The population of Balipur in 2009 was 284.A beautiful temple of hanuman ji made by the contribution of villagers is situated near school

</doc>
<doc id="19781352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781352" title="Leckie and Leckie">
Leckie and Leckie

Leckie and Leckie is an educational publishing firm based in Scotland. The main focus of the company is educational books for students taking Scottish Qualifications Authority (SQA) courses. They offer books on most Standard Grade, Intermediate 1, Intermediate 2, Higher and Advanced Higher courses.
External links.
Leckie and Leckie website

</doc>
<doc id="19781376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781376" title="Jean-Paul Comart">
Jean-Paul Comart

Jean-Paul Comart (born 23 September 1953) is a Belgian actor best known for his appearances in French film in the 1980s. He has appeared in films, TV and in the theatre.
Since 2000, Comart has mostly appeared on television, playing Inspector Miller in the series "Trois femmes flics" amongst other roles.

</doc>
<doc id="19781380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781380" title="Satake Yoshisato">
Satake Yoshisato

Viscount , was the 9th and final daimyō of Iwasaki Domain (also known as Nitta Domain) in Dewa Province (present day Yuzawa, Akita).
Biography.
Satake Yoshisato’s father, Satake Yoshitsuma, was the third son of Soma Michitane, the 12th daimyō of Soma Nakamura domain. When he married the daughter of Satake Yoshitaka, the 7th daimyo of Iwasaki Domain, he was adopted into the Satake clan and changed his name. He refused to participate in either the Tokugawa armies or in the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei in the Boshin War during the Meiji restoration, and was rewarded by the new Meiji government for his neutrality with 2000 gold "ryo" . He retired in 1869.
Yoshisato became daimyō in May 1869, but the title of daimyō was abolished by the Meiji government the following month, and he became appointive governor of Iwasaki Domain. In 1871, with the abolition of the han system and the merger of the former Iwasaki Domain into the new Akita prefecture, he was left without a position. In 1876, he studied law at the forerunner of the Japanese Ministry of Justice, but quit school due to illness the following year. With the establishment of the "kazoku" peerage system in 1884, he became a viscount (shishaku). He then served in the House of Peers from 1890. He died in 1914 at age 57; his grave is at the Satake clan cemetery at Itabashi, Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19781398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781398" title="Leo O'Brien (actor)">
Leo O'Brien (actor)

Leo O'Brien (November 12, 1970 – October 10, 2012) was an American television and film actor, best known as Richie Green in the 1985 film "The Last Dragon".
O'Brien was raised in Harlem, the younger brother of Guy O'Brien, better known as Master Gee of the pioneering rap group, The Sugarhill Gang.
Death.
Leo O'Brien died on October 10, 2012, aged only 41. The cause of death was not immediately released.

</doc>
<doc id="19781408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781408" title="Institutiones calculi differentialis">
Institutiones calculi differentialis

Institutiones calculi differentialis (Foundations of differential calculus) is a mathematical work written in 1748 by Leonhard Euler and published in 1755 that lays the groundwork for the differential calculus. It consists of a single volume containing two internal books; there are 9 chapters in book I, and 18 in book II.

</doc>
<doc id="19781411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781411" title="1st Street, Los Angeles">
1st Street, Los Angeles

1st Street is an east-west thoroughfare in Los Angeles and East Los Angeles, California. It serves as a postal divider between north and south and is one of a few streets to run from West Los Angeles (across the Los Angeles River) to East Los Angeles. Though it serves as a major road east of downtown Los Angeles, it is a mostly residential street to the west.
For over a mile between Hoover Street and Glendale Boulevard, 1st Street is synonymous with Beverly Boulevard.
Transportation.
The Gold Line runs on east 1st Street between Alameda and Indiana Streets; it operates the Little Tokyo/Arts District, Pico/Aliso, Mariachi Plaza, Soto and Indiana stations. Metro Local line 14 runs through west First Street and Metro Local line 30 through East First Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19781415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781415" title="Los Angeles streets, 1-10">
Los Angeles streets, 1-10

This article covers streets in Los Angeles between and including 1st Street and 10th Street. Major streets have their own linked articles; minor streets are discussed here.
These streets run parallel to each other, roughly east-west.
Streets change from west to east (for instance West 1st Street to East 1st Street) at Main Street.
All of these streets run through Downtown Los Angeles. In addition, many of the streets also run through Westlake and Boyle Heights. 
1st, 4th, 6th/Whittier, 7th, and Olympic have crossings over the Los Angeles River; the others do not.

</doc>
<doc id="19781420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781420" title="Deiniol Graham">
Deiniol Graham

Deiniol William Thomas Graham (born 4 October 1969) is a football manager and former player who manages Llandudno. He previously played as a forward for various clubs in the Football League after playing in the Manchester United youth and reserve teams.
Playing career.
Born in Cannock, Staffordshire, England, Graham signed for Manchester United as an apprentice in October 1985 and left school in the summer of 1986. He turned professional a year later, and made his debut for the first team in the 1987–88 season, coming on as a 53rd-minute substitute for Mike Duxbury in the club's League Cup Second Round second leg match against Hull City on 7 October 1987. He made one further appearance that season.
Graham scored his first and only goal for the Manchester United first team on 11 January 1989 in a 2–2 draw with Queens Park Rangers in an FA Cup Third Round replay. However, just over a month later, he suffered a broken arm in a youth team match against Bury Reserves and was ruled out for eight months, severely denting his first team opportunities. He only made one more appearance for the first team before Mel Machin signed him for Barnsley for £50,000 on 5 August 1991.
At Barnsley, Graham's first-team opportunities were more frequent but he was still unable to hold down a regular place, making around 40 appearances and scoring just two goals in his three years there. In 1992, he was loaned out to Preston North End, where he made 11 appearances and scored one goal, in the FA Cup. A loan spell at Carlisle United followed in 1993, and Graham was given a free transfer by Barnsley at the end of the 1993–94 season.
He was then picked up by Stockport County, scoring two goals in 11 matches before joining Scunthorpe United a year later, but after two months there, including three appearances and one goal, he moved into non-league football, playing for Colwyn Bay and Caersws, amongst others.
Managerial career.
At the end of his playing career, Graham moved into management. He was made manager of Llandudno, but left the club for a time before rejoining them in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19781422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781422" title="Enrique López Delgado">
Enrique López Delgado

Enrique López Delgado (born 12 January 1988 in Salamanca), aka Kike, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a forward.
Football career.
A product of Real Valladolid's youth system, Kike appeared in three first-team games in the 2007–08 season, all as a late substitute. He would finish the campaign loaned to Segunda División side Polideportivo Ejido and, after ten matches, scoring once (against Gimnàstic de Tarragona), returned to Valladolid in July.
Still in La Liga, Kike again appeared rarely for Valladolid in the 2008–09 season. Subsequently he was sold to UD Salamanca in late July 2009, for three years, with Valladolid having an option to rebuy in the first two.

</doc>
<doc id="19781438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781438" title="Michael Hudson">
Michael Hudson

Michael Hudson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19781450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781450" title="The Golden Dawn (American band)">
The Golden Dawn (American band)

The Golden Dawn are an American psychedelic rock band formed in Austin, Texas, in 1966. The band released one album, titled "Power Plant", before breaking up soon after the album's release in 1968. The record company, the infamous International Artists label out of Houston, had made a decision that seems to have "shafted" the career of the vibrant Golden Dawn.
This is what happened: a few months after the release of the 13th Floor Elevators' "Psychedelic Sounds" debut, the Dawn had finished "Power Plant" in mid-1967 and were ready to let it fly; but, by that time, the Elevators were beginning to record their second album, "Easter Everywhere," which the record company management thought, for unknown reasons, should come out first, much to the dismay of George Kinney (voc, guitar), Tom Ramsey (lead guitar), Jimmy Bird (rhythm guitar), Bill Hallmark (bass), and Bobby Rector (drums)--collectively, The Golden Dawn. When "Power Plant" was finally released in 1968, it was largely panned as the work of an Elevators knock-off band and was unjustly snubbed in a way that was big enough to discourage the development of the band.
Through the years, "Power Plant" climbed in "cult" status to the point where recognition of its music drew out George Kinney once again to reform the band in 2002 and perform live all over the States. 
George Kinney has also been active in solo projects. He released a CD, "After The Fall", under his own name in 2001. He wrote a novel, "The Bandit King", published by Xlibris Press, that is available online. The adventure/fantasy story is set in modern-day Mexico and involves "psychedelic" concepts and ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="19781452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781452" title="Kurem">
Kurem

Kurem is a Gram panchayat in the Rasra tehsil of the Ballia district of the Uttar Pradesh province in India. There are almost 12 villages that come under the Kurem Gram Panchayat. The link road for this village is connected from the BaduBandh chatti (small place for shopping) on the Rasra Ghazipur road. It is around 2 km from the chatti. Balipur is the most literate village in Kurem Gram Panchayat. The PIN code for Kurem is 221712. Kurem is also known for being the former prime minister Chandra Shekhar's wife's village.

</doc>
<doc id="19781462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781462" title="William Timmons">
William Timmons

William Evan Timmons (born December 27, 1930) is a retired lobbyist who worked for all Republican presidents since Richard Nixon and for Democratic President Jimmy Carter. John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign asked Timmons to conduct a study in preparation for the presidential transition if McCain won the presidential election.
Timmons is chairman emeritus of lobbying firm Timmons & Company, which he founded in 1975 after he left President Gerald Ford's administration.
Timmons served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War. He was an aide to Senator Alexander Wiley, administrative assistant to Representative Bill Brock, and Assistant for Legislative Affairs to Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford.
Personal.
Timmons graduated from Georgetown University. He has three children and nine grandchildren. He is a 33rd degree Freemason, past officer of the Sons of the American Revolution, and is an active member of the Society of the Cincinnati and various state and county historical organizations. He has served on boards or advisory commissions for Georgetown University's Business School, the International College at the University of South Carolina, Parent's Council of Texas Christian University, and the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Convention and campaign management.
Timmons was the national convention manager for Nixon in 1968 and 1972, Ford in 1976, Reagan in 1980 and 1984. He also was a convention advisor to George H.W. Bush in 1988, and George W. Bush in 2000. Timmons was campaign manager for Rep. Bill Brock in 1962, 1964, and 1968. He received the National Young Republican of the Year award in 1965, and was head of congressional relations for the Nixon–Agnew campaign in 1968. In 1980 Timmons was the national political director for the Reagan–Bush campaign.
As Republican National Committee manager, Timmons organized "with extraordinary precision" the 1972 convention to re-elect Nixon, marking a "sea change" in the design and execution of conventions as massive media events, according to Republican convention veteran Bill Greener; "Since then, the move toward planning conventions as TV events continues," he said.
Career political consultant F. Clifton White said "Timmons had been one of the young recruits who worked with me on the Goldwater campaign, and he already signed up to work for Reagan as political director. I had a great deal of respect for him because he had beaten me in 1968 when I backed Reagan and he was Nixon’s floor manager. Timmons showed me what he was capable of doing that year, and I regarded him as one of the best convention men in the country".
Serving the presidents.
Richard Nixon.
Timmons was the Assistant for Legislative Affairs for Richard Nixon during both of his terms.
The "Chicago Tribune" reported "In the opinion of several White House insiders, the youngest and least publicized of the President's top assistants is probably the one most responsible for Nixon's strategy, tactics and successes in dealing with a Democratic-controlled Congress. He is William Timmons, 39." While attending a Washington party during the Nixon presidency, a hostess introduced Timmons as "the man who gets President Nixon's bills passed by Congress." Timmons smiled faintly and replied, "I'm glad I don't get paid on a commission basis."
According to the writers of the 1982 publication "Who Runs Washington", "Timmons was a loyalist who did all an honest man could for Nixon." Richard O. Jones, writing in 1999, commented that Nixon and Timmons were not very close and that, unlike his predecessor Harlow, Timmons did not "have the ear" of the President. According to Rowland Evans Jr. and Robert D. Novak, neither Nixon nor John Mitchell had full confidence in Timmons' ability to handle Congress. Therefore, in December 1970, Nixon, while praising Timmons in public, appointed Clark MacGregor to oversee Timmons and, more generally, all Congressional liaison, without informing Timmons beforehand.
The Strom Thurmond memo of February 7, 1972, recommending deportation of John Lennon, was addressed to Timmons in his role as assistant to President Nixon.
The attached file from the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee associated Lennon with the Chicago Seven and noted that "This group has been strong advocates of the program to 'dump Nixon'." Thurmond told Timmons that "many headaches would be avoided if appropriate action were taken." Timmons responded to Thurmond on March 6, 1972, indicating that the Immigration and Naturalization Service had served a deportation notice on Lennon.
The Nixon administration's failed attempt to deport Lennon before the 1972 US presidential election campaign season
was illustrated by these memos, which were published in facsimile in 1975 and 2000.
Nixon opposed interpreting Title IX as applying to sports, and Timmons supported him in this view, endorsing the weakest enforcement of Title IX, advising "[Let's] ban the babes!"
During the Watergate Scandal, after the October 1973 "Saturday night massacre" in which Nixon fired attorney general Elliot Richardson and deputy attorney general William Ruckelshaus and ordered Robert Bork to remove special prosecutor Archibald Cox, Nixon asked Timmons to assess the reaction of Congress. After checking, Timmons wrote the first memo to Nixon assessing his likelihood of being impeached; he reported confidentially, "There is not sufficient support in the House to impeach the President, or in the Senate to convict him." As Nixon was struggling to remain in office, in early 1974,
Timmons advised him to take advantage of the budget process "when there is strong congressional interest in pork projects. These hometown goodies are most important to many... This is not the time to save nickels and dimes!" Timmons would eventually advise the president to resign. He believed "it was time for the President to pack it in" and that "a moment of principle had come that would let the President resign with honor – this decision would undermine all future Presidents’ authority and thus, in defense of future Presidents, Richard Nixon should, at this moment, resign. (After lunch, Timmons would speak to General Alexander Haig in San Clemente and ask that this advice be brought, in his name, immediately to the President.)"
Gerald Ford.
Timmons continued as Assistant for Legislative Affairs for the Ford administration after Nixon resigned. Ford said "Timmons and I were ideologically in the same spectrum, and I liked him on a very personal basis, always trusted him. Bill’s a pro. He did a great job for Nixon, and under the toughest of circumstances."
Timmons, who had the biggest office suite in the West Wing (other than the president's offices), and his team were offered to stay on as long as they liked.
In 1974 Ford's advisors thought that Ronald Reagan would never challenge Ford, and Timmons disagreed with them. During the last week of the congressional campaign in Los Angeles, Timmons arranged two secret meetings between Ford and Reagan, and the relationship between the two men became warmer.
Jimmy Carter.
On April 19, 1978, President Carter reappointed Timmons to the Advisory Committee for Trade Negotiations.
Ronald Reagan.
Timmons was a key advisor to Reagan in his campaign against Carter for the 1980 presidential election. His major campaign theme was that Jimmy Carter was "dumb, dangerous, and deceptive," and he was one of two advisors who opposed Reagan engaging in a debate with Carter.
Timmons handled congressional relations for the Reagan transition team. With James Baker, on the Legislative Strategy Group, he worked on lobbying for public and congressional support for the president's domestic and economic policies.
In 1986 Reagan named Timmons to the US–Japan Advisory Commission. Both countries named members (roughly 12 in total) to study relationships between the two countries and make recommendations. The panel was nicknamed "Wise Men". The "Wall Street Journal" reported "Three years ago William Timmons was already one of the savviest, best-connected Republican lobbyists that American blue-chip companies could hire. Then President Reagan made him a Wise Man."
Lobbying.
After Timmons left the Ford White House, he formed Timmons & Company in 1975.
Nicknamed the "Rain Maker" for his aptitude to spur change on Capitol Hill, Timmons has used his clout in a scrupulous fashion. It was reported in 1982 that throughout his years of work in Washington, Timmons had given an honorable name to lobbying.
According to a 1978 "Time Magazine" article, Timmons was among a small group of lobbyists leading opposition to a 1978 bill that would have required lobbyists "to reveal who pays them, who they represent, and what issues they have sought to shape." "Time Magazine" reported that the lobbyists were able to "kill" the bill, which stalled in Senator Abraham Ribicoff's Governmental Affairs Committee.
In 1979, Chrysler Corporation hired lobbyist Tommy Boggs to influence Democrats, and Timmons, "a man skilled in gaining Republican sympathy for corporate causes," in their work to secure loan guarantees. It has been opined that "Chrysler ought to name a couple of new models after Boggs and Timmons."
According to Paul Volcker's Independent Inquiry Commission report commission by the United Nations, in 1992–1995 Timmons worked with entrepreneur Samir Vincent and public relations consultant John Venners in attempts to get an oil deal with Iraq, which was under UN sanctions at the time.
Timmons and seven employees of Timmons and Company were listed as lobbyists for Bristol-Myers Squibb with "revolving door" connections to government in 2001 by Public Citizen; they listed the same eight in 2002 and 2003.
In 2008, the Obama campaign, which itself had an unpaid advisor from Timmons & Co. (later hired as an employee), referred to Timmons as "one of Washington’s most famous and powerful lobbyists" when Timmons was tapped for planning help by the McCain campaign.
"Time Magazine" reported that Timmons's lobbying registrations "include work on a number of issues that have become flashpoints in the presidential campaign. He has registered to work on bills that deal with the regulations of troubled mortgage lenders Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, a bill to provide farm subsidies and bills that regulate domestic oil-drilling."

</doc>
<doc id="19781464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781464" title="Yannis Kontos">
Yannis Kontos

Yannis Kontos () (born 1971), is a Greek freelance photojournalist.
Biography.
Yannis Kontos was born in Ioannina, Greece in 1971.
Studies.
From 1988 to 1994, he studied at the Faculty of Physical Education and Sport Science of the University of Thessaloniki. In 1996, he continued studying photography and in 2001, he graduated from the Department of Photography of the School of Graphic Arts and Art Studies at the Technological Educational Institute of Athens. In 2001, after an international competition, he attended the World Press Photo Joop Swart Masterclass in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He made postgraduate studies obtaining a Master of Arts in photographic journalism from the University of Westminster in London, on a Greek state scholarship.
Photographic career.
From 1998 to 2000, he worked as a photojournalist for the French international agency Sygma. He continued working with Gamma agency, from 2001 to 2002. In 2002, he began working with the Polaris Images, producing photojournalism and feature work. During his career, he has covered a variety of major events, wars and conflicts around the world and had his work published in newspapers, magazines, and books around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19781493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781493" title="Nettop">
Nettop

A nettop (or miniature PC, Mini PC or Smart Micro PC) is a very small form factor, inexpensive, low-power desktop computer designed for basic tasks such as Internet surfing, accessing web-based applications, document processing, and audio/video playback. The word "nettop" is a portmanteau of Internet and desktop. 
Compared to ordinary desktop computers, nettops are not only smaller and cheaper, but they also consume much less power. For example, CompuLab's fit-PC2 consumes no more than 8 watts of power whereas a typical desktop would easily consume more than 100 watts of power; consequently, nettops require significantly less cooling and may even be completely fanless. Some do not have an optical disk drive and use a solid state disk, making them completely silent. The tradeoff is that the hardware specifications and processing power are usually reduced and hence make nettops less appropriate for running complex or resource-intensive applications.
Models.
Some nettops are designed to have stylish cases or run Windows operating systems in order to target the mainstream. Others are designed more towards business and experienced computer users. These models typically run a version of Linux to allow better customization and cut costs. The following list identifies some computers that are designed and marketed as a nettop.
Hardware.
There are three platforms that are primarily intended for nettops and netbooks:
Some nettops have also adopted system-on-a-chip designs. Although many major parts such as chipsets, video cards and storage devices can also be found on desktops, the CPUs that are put inside nettops are the fundamental component that differentiate them from normal desktops. The list below contains a range of hardware components that a typical nettop may be assembled from.
Intel Core i3
Intel Core i5
Intel's Atom processor has been adopted by several hardware manufacturers, such as ASUS, MSI, and Sony, for nettops. Nvidia has also released its first generation ION platform, which puts GeForce 9400M Motherboard GPU alongside the Atom processor to provide better high definition video playback ability and lower power consumption. In addition, Nvidia has announced that it will support VIA's CPUs this year. To further reduce the manufacturing cost and improve power efficiency, many manufacturers and start-up companies have chosen to use CPUs that were originally targeted at embedded computing devices such as AMD's Geode and ARM Cortex-based CPUs.
Operating systems.
Many net-top models are x86-processor-based and as such are capable of running standard PC OSs. There are also operating systems designed specifically for nettops and other machines in the same performance class. Linux distributions of this type include Moblin, Ubuntu Netbook Edition and Joli OS. Some high-end nettops and upcoming models are capable of running Windows Vista and Windows 7. Linux has also been adopted by nettop manufacturers as it costs little to no money to install and supports a wide range of CPU architectures. Google's Android Linux distribution is another option. Although Google's Android was originally designed for smartphones, it has also taken a seat in the nettop market.
Market.
Nettops fall into Intel's category of "Basic PC", which usually cost from $100 to $299. Intel describes nettops as a large potential market. Nettops can serve as an affordable first computer for people in developing countries, or as an environmentally friendly choice as a secondary computer for people in developed countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19781494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781494" title="Chi (mythology)">
Chi (mythology)

Chi () means either "a hornless dragon" or "a mountain demon" (namely, "chimei" 螭魅) in Chinese mythology. Hornless dragons were a common motif in ancient Chinese art, and the "chiwen" 螭吻 (lit. "hornless-dragon mouth") was an Imperial roof decoration in traditional Chinese architecture.
Word.
In Modern Standard Chinese usage, "chi" 螭 "hornless dragon" occurs in words such as:
Note that the following discussion of the word "chi" 螭's written forms and etymological origins requires using some jargon linguistics and sinology.
Characters.
The Chinese character for "chi" "hornless dragon" combines the "bug radical" (typically signifying words for insect, reptiles, and dragons, e.g., "shen" 蜃) with a phonetic of "chi" or "li" "mountain demon; leave". This phonetic element 离 is pronounced either "chi" when used for "chi" 螭 "demon; dragon" or "li" when used for "li" ("with the "bird radical" 隹) "leave; part from; ☲ The Clinging "bagua"". The (ca. 3rd century BCE) Seal script character for 螭, which is the earliest known writing, has the same radical-phonetic combination.
This "chi" 螭 "hornless dragon" is also a variant Chinese character for "chi" (differentiated with the "ghost radical" ) "mountain demon", which only occurs in the compound "chimei" "mountain and forest demons; evil spirits; goblins". "Chimei" 魑魅 is sometimes written 螭魅 or 螭鬽 with "chi" 螭. Note the "ghost radical" in the "mei" characters 魅 (with a phonetic of "wei" ) and (with the "hair radical" representing the demon's hair, cf. "chi" 螭's variant ).
The (121 CE) "Shuowen Jiezi", which was the first Chinese dictionary of characters, gives "chi" 离, 螭, and 魑 definitions (tr. Carr 1990:137, cf. Visser 1913:101).
This "dilou" 地螻 "earth cricket" compares with the "tulou" 土螻 "earth cricket," which the "Shanhaijing" (2, tr. Birrell 2000:23) mentions on 昆侖邱 ("Kunlun Mound"), "There is an animal here of Offspringline which looks like a ram, but has four horns. Its name is the earth-cricket. It devours humans."
Etymologies.
The etymology of "chi" "dragon; demon" is obscure. Carr (1990:138-139) reviews three proposals by Peter A. Boodberg, Paul K. Benedict, and James Matisoff.
Boodberg (1935, 1979:165-7) proposed that "chi" 螭 or 魑 etymologically descends frolm a Sino-Tibetan root *"brong-bri" "wild oxen", from *"brong" "wild bull" and *"bri" or *"brien" "wild cow". He described this root as a "semantic atom, a referential complex with the meaning of 'wild' → 'wild animal' → 'couple'", and applied this etymon to many male and female animal couples, including *"lywung" < *"blwong" 龍 "male dragon" and *"t'ia" 魑 "female dragon". Compare how Yin and Yang cosmology dichotomized rainbow-dragons between Yang/male "hong" "primary rainbow" and Yin/female "ni" "secondary rainbow".
Benedict (1976:190) noted how Bernhard Karlgren (1957:26) inconsistently reconstructed Old Chinese *"t'lia" for "chi" 离 "a mountain demon", 魑 "a kind of demon", and 螭 "a kind of dragon; a demon"; but *"lia" for all the other words in this phonetic series (e.g., "li" "drip", "li" "ornamental scarf"). Benedict reconstructed Old Chinese *"xlia" 魑 "a mountain demon", deriving from a Proto-Tibeto-Burman *"sri(-n)" "demon" root, also evident in Tibetan "sri" "a species of devil or demon; a vampire", "srin-po" "demons", and Lushai "hri" < *"sri" "the spirit believed to cause sickness". He additionally hypothesized the *"xlia" 离 phonetic was cognate with "shen" < *" "spirit; god" from Proto-Tibeto-Burman *"[s-l-rin" < *"[s-]rin".
Matisoff (1985:63) analyzes Benedict's *"sri(-n)" "demon" root as *"s-r-i-n", and links Chinese *"xlia" 魑 with another Tibetan cognate "hdre-srin" "goblins and demons" (from "hdre" "goblin; demon; evil spirit").
Schuessler (2007:186) reconstructed Old Chinese *"rhai" for "chi" 离, 魑, and 螭 "mountain demon", and proposed a Sino-Tibetan etymology comparable with Tibetan "’dre" < "ɴdre" "goblin; demon, evil spirit" and "gre-bo" "species of demon", Tangkhul "rai" "unclean spirit", Bodo "ráj" "devil", and possibly Proto-Kam–Sui "la:l" "devil; ghost" borrowed from Chinese.
Meanings.
Chinese classic texts use "chi" 螭 to mean both "a hornless dragon" and "a mountain demon". The following discussion focuses upon earliest recorded usages in pre-Han texts, some of which have uncertain dates of compilation.
Hornless dragon.
The (ca. 239 BCE) "Lüshi Chunqiu" quotes Confucius comparing "long" 龍 "dragons", "chi" 螭 "hornless dragons", and "yu" 魚 "fish".
The dragon eats and swims in clear water; the one-footed dragon eats in clean water but swims in muddy water; fish eat and swim in muddy water. Now, I have not ascended to the level of a dragon but I have not descended to that of fish. I am perhaps a one-footed dragon!" (舉難, tr. Knoblock and Riegel 2000:505) 
The reason for translating "one-footed dragon" is unclear, compare the legendary Kui "a one-footed dragon".
The (ca. 2nd century CE) "Chuci" uses "chi" 螭 five times, which is more than any other Chinese classic. Two contexts mention "xuanchi" 玄螭 "dark/black hornless-dragon"; (遠遊, tr. Hawkes 1985:198) "They lined water monsters up to join them in the dance"; and (思忠, tr. Hawkes 1985:275) , "Driving black dragons, I travel northwards." Another mentions "qingqiu" 青虯 "green horned-dragons" and 白螭 "white hornless-dragons"; (涉江, tr. Hawkes 1985:160) "With a team of azure dragons, white serpents in the traces." Two final contexts mention "chi" 螭 with "long" 龍 "dragons"; one describes a team of four dragons, (河伯, tr. Hawkes 1985:114) "I ride a water chariot with a canopy of lotus; Two dragons draw it, between two water-serpents"; the other uses the compound "chilong" 螭龍 "hornless dragon", (大招, tr. Hawkes 1985:233), "And water dragons swim side by side, swiftly darting above and below."
The (ca. 139 BCE) "Huainanzi" "Peering into the Obscure" chapter (覽冥訓) mentions "chichi" 赤螭 "red hornless-dragon" and "baichi" 白螭 "white hornless-dragon". The former occurs with "qingqiu" 青虯 "green horned-dragon"; (tr. Le Blanc 1987:144) "When the red hornless dragon and the green horned dragon roamed the land of Chi 冀, the sky was limpid and the earth undisturbed." The latter occurs with "benshe" 奔蛇 "fast snake", (tr. Le Blanc 1987:162), the chariot of Fu Xi and Nüwa was "preceded by white serpents and followed by speeding snakes."
The (ca. 100 BCE) "Shiji" "Records of the Grand Historian" biography of Sima Xiangru includes two of his "fu" 賦 poems (tr. Watson 1993:2:309, 312) that mention "chichi" 赤螭 "red hornless dragons." "The Shanglin Park" 上林賦 mentions them with "jiaolong" 蛟龍, "Here horned dragons and red hornless dragons"; "Sir Fantasy" 子虛賦 mentions them with "qingqiu" 青虯, "red hornless dragons and green horned dragons."
The above texts describe black, white, and red "chi" 螭 "hornless dragons", which contradicts the "Shuowen Jiezi" "like a dragon and yellow" definition. However, a possible explanation might be found in the "Hanshu" (揚雄傳) commentary of Wei Zhao, which describes the "chi" 螭 demon as "resembling a tiger with scales".
Many later dictionaries define a contrast between "qiu" 虯 "horned dragon" and "chi" 螭 "hornless", for instance, the (ca. 230 CE) "Guangya", (997 CE) "Longkan Shoujian", and (ca. 1080 CE) "Piya".
Groot (1910:5:1141-2) provides a picture of a sepulchral stone tablet decorated with a "chi" and the "Gujin Tushu Jicheng" illustration of this hornless dragon.
Mountain demon.
The "chi" 螭 "dragon" variant for "chimei" 螭魅 or 魑魅 "demon; evil spirit" only occurs as a bound morpheme in "chimei", but "mei" 魅 occurs in other expressions such as "meili" 魅力 (with "power") "enchantment; fascination; charm". Both modern Chinese and Japanese normally use "ghost radical" 鬼 characters to write "chimei" or "chimi" 魑魅 and "wangliang" or "mōryō" 魍魎, but these were not regularly used in classical texts. The (111 CE) "Hanshu" first wrote "chimei" as 魑魅, but earlier texts (e.g., "Zuozhuan" below, and BCE "Shiji") wrote it as 螭魅, with the "hornless dragon" variant. The (ca. 4th century BCE "Guoyu") first wrote "wangliang" as 魍魎, but more classics (e.g., "Shuoyuan", "Zhuangzi", "Huainanzi", and "Chuci") phonetically wrote it as 罔兩, without the "ghost radical".
"Chimei" 螭魅 is joined with "wangliang" in the expression "chimei-wangliang" 魑魅魍魎 "demons and monsters; evil spirits". Since some commentators differentiate between "chimei" "demons of the mountains and forests" and "wangliang" "demons of the rivers and marshes", notes Carr (1990:137), "chimei-wangliang" can mean either "'demons, monsters' generally or 'mountain and water demons' separately". Groot (1910:5:505) describes "chimei" as "another demon-tribe" because the "Chinese place in their great class of hill-spirits certain quadrumana, besides actual human beings, mountaineers alien to Chinese culture, perhaps a dying race of aborigines."
The (ca. 389 BCE) "Zuozhuan" commentary to the "Chunqiu" has the earliest textual usages of both "chimei" 螭魅 and "chimei-wangliang" 螭魅罔兩.
Both the "chimei" contexts concern banishing evildoers into dangerous wilderness regions. The former (文公18; tr. Legge 1872:283) refers to the "Sixiong" 四凶 "Four Fiends" (Hundun 渾敦, Qiongqi 窮奇, Taowu 檮杌, and Taotie 饕餮); the legendary ruler Shun, "banished these four wicked ones, Chaos, Monster, Block, and Glutton, casting them out into the four distant regions, to meet the spite of the sprites and evil things". Du Yu's commentary glosses "chimei" demons as "born in the strange "qi" of mountains and forests, harmful to humans". The latter context (昭公 9, tr. Legge 1872:625) only mentions the villainous Taowu; "The ancient kings located T'aou-wuh in of the four distant regions, to encounter the sprites and other evil things."
The "chimei-wangliang" 螭魅罔兩 context (宣公3 , tr. Legge 1872:293) records how Yu the Great, legendary founder of the Xia Dynasty, cast nine instructional bronze "ding" "tripod cauldrons" to acquant people with all the dangerous creatures in China's Nine Provinces.
Anciently, when Hea was distinguished for its virtue, the distant regions sent pictures of the objects in them. The nine pastors sent in the metal of their provinces, and the tripods were cast, with representations on them of those objects. All the objects were represented, and [instructions were given of the preparations to be made in reference to them, so that the people might know the sprites and evil things. Thus the people, when they went among the rivers, marshes, hills, and forests, did not meet with the injurious things, and the hill-sprites, monstrous things, and water-sprites, did not meet with them do them injury. 
Note how Legge translates each "chimei-wangliang" "demons; monsters" syllable individually: "chimei" "injurious things, and the hill-sprites" and "wangliang" "monstrous things, and water-sprites".
Wang Chong's (late 1st century CE) "Lunheng" 論衡 (tr. Groot 1910:5:506) considers the "chimei" as a dragon hybrid, "Those who give their opinion on the ch‘i, state that they are dragon-like beings; therefore, as the word mei is copulated to (the name of) a dragon, the mei must be a congener of this animal."
Mythic parallels.
In Chinese folklore and art, most dragons, including the "long" 龍, are represented with two horns. Besides the "chi" 螭, only a few dragons supposedly lacked horns, for instance, "jiaolong" 蛟龍 "aquatic dragon; hornless dragon; crocodile" or "qiulong" 虯龍 "horned dragon; hornless dragon".
In comparative mythology as well, horned dragons are generally more common than hornless ones. Based upon the "chishou" 螭首 "hornless-dragon head" roof adornment, Kroll (1989:329) translates "chi" as "wyvern", "a footed winged dragon with a serpent's tail, becoming in medieval times an oft-pictured heraldic beast."

</doc>
<doc id="19781528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781528" title="Hittisleigh">
Hittisleigh

Hittisleigh is a small rural parish and village just north-east of Dartmoor in Devon. Once part of the ancient district of the Wonford Hundred, it is now administered by Mid Devon District Council and part of the Central Devon constituency. The name Hittisleigh may be derived from Hyttin's leah (from the Old English for wood/clearing). Alternatively it may come from the Old English "hithisce" (a family or tenants) and have meant 'tenant's place or pasture'. Although difficult to date the initial settlement Hittisleigh is mentioned in the Domesday Book. Hittisleigh is known as the birthplace of Samuel Bellamy the eighteenth-century pirate.
It has a church, Church of St Andrew, Hittisleigh, village hall, several farms and a public telephone box. In the past it has also boasted a school, public house (The Hunters Inn), post office, blacksmith, bakery and Wesleyan Methodist chapel. These have all since closed with the buildings often becoming residential. The church has a nave and chancel of the 14th century and a 15th-century aisle built of granite. According to John Betjeman "it was restored late and lovingly" and is "an adorable little church".
The village is served by a bus from Whiddon Down to Crediton on a Tuesday (it returns if required by passengers on the bus).

</doc>
<doc id="19781550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781550" title="Los Angeles streets, 11-40">
Los Angeles streets, 11-40

This article covers streets in Los Angeles, California between and including 11th Street and 40th Street. Major streets have their own linked articles; minor streets are discussed here.
These streets run parallel to each other, roughly east-west.
Streets change from west to east (for instance West 11th Street to East 11th Street) at Main Street.
Washington, 26th, and 37th/Bandini have crossings over the Los Angeles River
Details.
11th Street.
11th Street has been renamed Chick Hearn Court between L. A. Live Way and Figueroa Street.
13th Street.
"see Pico Boulevard"
16th Street.
"see Venice Boulevard"
19th Street.
"see Washington Boulevard (Los Angeles)"
23rd Street.
One Metro station:
26th Street.
26th Street has been renamed Adams Boulevard west of Long Beach Avenue. Metro Local line 37 runs on West Adams Boulevard, and Metro Local lines 55 and 355 run on East Adams Boulevard. East of Santa Fe Avenue, 26th Street is an industrial street that crosses the Los Angeles River, parallels the BNSF Railyard, and runs into Commerce.
32nd and 33rd Streets.
These numbers are skipped West of USC. 31st is the first numbered street north of Jefferson Boulevard, and 35th is the next street south of it
34th Street.
34th Street has been renamed Jefferson Boulevard.
37th Street.
37th Street is renamed Bandini Boulevard east of the Los Angeles River, which it crosses.
40th Street.
40th Street had been renamed Santa Barbara Avenue, which has itself been renamed Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="19781585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781585" title="Timotheos Evangelinidis">
Timotheos Evangelinidis

Timotheos Evangelinidis was a Greek Orthodox bishop who presided over the Metropolis of Rhodes from 1947 to 1949 and the Metropolis of Australia and New Zealand from 1931 to 1947. Evangelinidis was born in 1880, on the island of Mytilene (Lesvos), Greece.
Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand.
Evangelinidis was elected as the second Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand in 1931. The position had officially remained vacant since 1928, when his predecessor Metropolitan Christoforos Knitis had been recalled to Greece. Father Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos had presided over the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia and New Zealand until Metropolitan Timetheos arrived in Australia on 26 January 1932 (Australia Day).
Metropolitan of Rhodes.
From 1947, Metropolitan Timotheos presided over the Metropolis of Rhodes. In June 1949, he was elected Archbishop of North and South America but was unable to assume the post due to failing health. He remained as Metropolitan of Rhodes until his death in October 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19781616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781616" title="If We Were Moons">
If We Were Moons

If We Were Moons is a "four-way split" album released December 2006 by Tract Records. It contains music by Carbonic, Tiny Vipers, Boo Hiss, and Viking Moses and was limited to 200 copies, which are still available at Tract Record's official website.

</doc>
<doc id="19781675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781675" title="Paul Tansey">
Paul Tansey

Paul Tansey (1949 – 21 September 2008) was an Irish journalist and economics editor for "The Irish Times".
Tansey was a former deputy editor of the "Sunday Tribune" and assistant editor of "The Irish Times" before becoming the paper's economics editor. He was educated at Blackrock College, Trinity College, Dublin (TCD), where he edited "Trinity News" in 1970, and the London School of Economics (LSE). He earned an MBA from Trinity College in 1987.
Tansey collapsed on 21 September 2008, while playing tennis at the home of his friend, Senator Shane Ross, in Enniskerry. He was taken to hospital, but was pronounced dead. He was 59. He was survived by his wife, writer and broadcaster Olivia O'Leary, and their daughter, Emily. His funeral Mass was held in Monkstown.
Sean Barrett, an economist at Trinity College, Dublin described Tansey as a "'dedicated writer' who 'stayed around until 1am' to make sure the newspaper was printed properly", in an interview with the RTÉ Radio 1 show, "Morning Ireland".

</doc>
<doc id="19781676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781676" title="Michael Hudson (economist)">
Michael Hudson (economist)

Michael Hudson (born 1939) is research professor of economics at University of Missouri, Kansas City (UMKC) and a research associate at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College. He is a former Wall Street analyst and consultant as well as president of the Institute for the Study of Long-term Economic Trends (ISLET) and a founding member of International Scholars Conference on Ancient Near Eastern Economies (ISCANEE).
Background.
Hudson received his Ph.D. in economics from New York University in 1968. His dissertation was on American economic and technological thought in the nineteenth century. He received his M.A. also from New York University in 1963 in economics, with a thesis on the World Bank's philosophy of development, with special reference to lending policies in the agricultural sector. He was a philology major with a minor in history at the University of Chicago, where he received his B.A. in 1959. He attended the University of Chicago's Laboratory School for high school and grade school.
Career.
Hudson previously taught at the New School in New York City. He is currently a professor of economics at the University of Missouri at Kansas City (UMKC). He also lectures and publishes in association with UMKC at The Berlin School of Economics.
Hudson served as Chief Economic Advisor for Dennis Kucinich’s 2008 presidential campaign and holds the same position in Kucinich’s Congressional campaign. He has been economic advisor to the Icelandic, Chinese, Latvian, U.S., Canadian, and Mexican governments, to the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), and he is president of the Institute for the Study of Long-term Economic Trends (ISLET).
Hudson is a former balance-of-payments economist for Chase Manhattan Bank and Arthur Andersen, and economic futurist for the Hudson Institute (no relation). For Scudder, Stevens & Clark in 1990, he established the world’s first Third World sovereign debt fund, which became the second best performing international fund in 1991 (an Australian real estate fund was number one). 
Influential writings.
Hudson has written cover stories for "Harper's Magazine" and is on the editorial board of "Lapham's Quarterly". He is a regular on
American Public Media's "Marketplace", Bloomberg Radio, has been on numerous Pacifica Radio interview programs, and is a regular contributor to "CounterPunch". He has written for the "Journal of International Affairs", "Commonweal", "Bible Review", "International Economy", "The New York Times" op-eds, "Financial Times" opinion, and has often contributed editorials in leading Latvian, Polish, and Arabic business papers. His trade books are translated into Japanese, Chinese, Spanish and Russian.
Hudson's April 2006 "Harper's" cover story, “The $4.7 Trillion Pyramid: Why Social Security Won’t Be Enough to Save Wall Street,” helped defeat the Bush administration’s attempt to privatize Social Security by showing its aim of steering wage withholding into the stock market to reflate stock market prices for the benefit of insiders and speculators – and to sell to the pension funds. His May 2006 "Harper's" cover story, “The New Road to Serfdom: An illustrated guide to the coming real estate collapse,” was the first major national article forecasting - in precise chart form - the bursting of the real estate bubble and its consequences for homeowners and state and local government solvency. The November 2008 “How to Save Capitalism” issue of "Harper's" includes an article by Hudson on the need to shift the burden of taxation to economic rents.
In December 2011, he had two articles in Germany's "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" in the "Feuilleton" section.
Views.
On prices.
Hudson argues that even if higher labor-productivity has reduced the value of commodities produced, higher prices can nevertheless be charged when a few large corporations control most of the supply chain for those commodities. And when accumulated savings are used by investors to buy up assets for the purpose of capital gain, companies can "bid up" asset prices, with the end result that price-levels rise regardless of real production costs. In that case, the final prices charged for goods and services include an "economic rent" component, i.e. an "unearnt income" or rental which is appropriated by those who own the property rights of a resource, and which is quite unrelated to the real production costs.
On parasitic financing.
Hudson states finance has been key to guiding politics into reducing the productive capacity of the U.S. and Europe, even as the U.S. and Europe benefit from finance methods using similar and expanded techniques to harm Chile, Russia, Latvia, and Hungary. He states parasitic finance looks at industry and labor to determine how much wealth it can extract by fees, interest, and tax breaks, rather than providing needed capital to increase production and efficiency. He states the "magic of compounding interest" results in increasing debt that eventually extracts more wealth than production and labor are able to pay. Rather than extracting taxes from the "rentiers" to reduce the cost of labor and assets and use the tax revenue to improve infrastructure to increase production efficiency, he states the U.S. tax system, bank bailouts, and quantitative easing sacrifice labor and industry for the benefit of the finance sector.
He states the Washington Consensus has encouraged the IMF and World Bank to impose austerity that the U.S. itself is not exposed to (thanks to dollar dominance) which leads to subjecting other countries to unfair trade that depletes natural resources and privatizing infrastructure that is sold at distressed prices that uses parasitic finance techniques (including western-style tax breaks) to extract the maximum amount of the country's surplus rather than providing a price-competitive service.
On the banking crisis.
Hudson states that the mortgage crisis was caused by parasitic finance that used law and outright fraud, and that the government backing of toxic debt and quantitative easing are ways to keep real estate inflated while the banks shift the real losses to U.S. labor, taxpayers, and the international community. Hudson states "quantitative easing" and "restoring stability" are euphemisms for the U.S. finance sector using the Federal Reserve and dollar dominance to engage in financial aggression to a degree that previously required military conquest. He points out Joseph Stiglitz has similar views. He states banks should have been allowed to fail with the government stepping in to protect savings and continue with qualified loans towards real productive capacity rather than financial loans that merely inflate asset prices. He states the Federal Reserve needs to understand inflating asset prices with low interest rates does not increase the long term productive capacity of the economy.
On dollar dominance.
Hudson views dollar hegemony as grossly unfair and gives various opinions as to why countries tolerate it: desire to prevent their currency from appreciating, limited options in purchasing alternative U.S. assets, fear of the U.S. military, wanting to be part of the U.S. "orbit", and "lack of imagination". He states the dominance protects the U.S. from austerity that it has subjected other countries to through the IMF and World Bank. He states the U.S. treasury debt is limited only by the net productive surplus of the world as measured by the balance of payments. He states it will end only when countries decide to take political action in their own best interests and break dollar dependence.
He states that world is dividing into two currency blocs as countries, led by China, try to get away from dollar dependence by creating non-dollar trade between the BRIC countries as well as most of Asia, Iran, Nigeria, and Turkey. He says it's happening now because "the United States is trying to rescue the real estate market from all the junk mortgages, all the crooked loans, all of the financial fraud, instead of just letting the fraud go and throwing the guys in jail like other economists have suggested."
Hudson views foreign central banks buying treasuries as a legitimate effort to stabilize exchange rates rather than a currency "manipulation". Foreign central banks could sell the excess dollars on the exchange market which would appreciate their currency, but he calls this a dilemma because it decreases their ability to continue a trade surplus, even though it would also increase their purchasing power. He believes "keyboard credit" and treasury outflows in exchange for foreign assets without a future means for the U.S. to repay the treasuries and a decreasing value of the dollar is akin to military conquest. He believes balance of payments "surplus" countries have the right to stabilize exchange rates and expect repayment of the resulting loans even as industry shifts from the U.S. to creditor nations.
Hudson states that a balance of payments "deficit" is mostly the result of military spending and capital outflows rather than the trade deficit. It "forces" foreign central banks to buy U.S. treasuries that are used to finance the federal deficit and thereby a large U.S. military. The balance of payments deficit is also caused by quantitative easing that encourages purchases of foreign currencies and assets that results in even more treasury purchases. In exchange for providing a net surplus of assets, commodities, debt financing, goods, and services, foreign countries are "forced" to hold an equal dollar amount of U.S. treasuries. It drives U.S. interest rates down which enables a currency trade that causes a feedback process that exacerbates the problem, as long as foreign countries insist on off-loading the dollars by buying U.S. treasuries despite the risks of a dollar devaluation.
Books.
Hudson is the author of several books.
Documentaries.
Michael Hudson has appeared in several documentaries:
ISCANEE.
In 1984, Hudson joined Harvard’s archaeology faculty at the Peabody Museum as a research fellow in Babylonian economics. A decade later, he was a founding member of ISCANEE (International Scholars Conference on Ancient Near Eastern Economies), an international group of Assyriologists and archaeologists that has published a series of colloquia analyzing the economic origins of civilization. This group has become the successor to Karl Polanyi’s anthropological and historical group of a half-century ago. Four volumes co-edited by Hudson have appeared so far, dealing with privatization, urbanization and land use, the origins of money, accounting, debt, and clean slates in the Ancient Near East (a fifth volume, on the evolution of free labor, is in progress). This new direction in research is now known as the New Economic Archaeology.

</doc>
<doc id="19781681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781681" title="Shahin Jamie">
Shahin Jamie

Shahin Jamie (born in Rasht, Iran) is an Iranian actor.
Biography.
Shahin Jamie began acting at age 6. His first appearance on stage took place in 1985, when he played his first comedic role. He graduated from high school during the Iran and Iraq war and a year after joined a troupe who was entertaining Iranian military soldiers; as an actor and then as a writer and director of comedy plays. After the war he start acting on stage in both comedic and dramatic plays. Jamie left Iran for Turkey in 1996, and in September 2000 he emigrated to the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19781718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781718" title="Mies Bouwman">
Mies Bouwman

Maria Antoinette "Mies" Bouwman (born 31 December 1929) is a former Dutch television presenter.
Born in Amsterdam, she started her career on the very first broadcasting evening of the Dutch broadcasting association KRO (Catholic Radio Broadcaster) on 16 October 1951.
Bouwman made her name as the host of the first large fund-raising programm on Dutch TV," Open Het Dorp". In this show viewers were asked to donate money for charity, in order to open a special village for people with a handicap. This show was broadcast live on 26 and 27 November 1962 and lasted 23 hours. Bouwman presented the entire show.
Bouwman developed and hosted "Één van de 8", known in the UK as "The Generation Game". She hosted numerous talk shows, as well as the Dutch version of "This is your life". She stopped her regular work after falling sick but has occasionally returned for special programs.
Bouwman ended her career in 1993 due to an illness. Since then she has appeared on TV for interviews, but never as host, only as a guest.

</doc>
<doc id="19781727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781727" title="MediNotes">
MediNotes

The MediNotes Corporation was a private, independent software vendor (ISV) based in West Des Moines, Iowa. They manufactured and published, maintained, and supported an Electronic Medical Records solution called "MediNotes e". MediNotes was featured in Inc. Magazine as part of the Inc. 500 list in 2005 and 2006, and as part of the Inc. 5000 list in 2007.
History.
Founded by Scott Leum, a podiatric physician, and Donald Schoen in February 1996, MediNotes originally developed and sold a package called PodNotes, a product marketed primarily at the Podiatry discipline. Eventually the product spread to other disciplines and the name was changed to Charting Plus. Leum would leave MediNotes in 2000 to pursue other interests. A few years later, about 2007, Charting Plus was renamed MediNotes e. Don Schoen previously owned and operated another software firm prior to MediNotes called Retail Management Systems.
MediNotes gained some notoriety following Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Mobile, Alabama, podiatrist Dr William Rogers was cited in the press as having used Charting Plus in his practice. Dr Rogers had his entire electronic system backed up onto tapes, safeguarding the patient records, something he noted would have been difficult with paper.
In first quarter 2008, MediNotes acquired Bond Technologies, a corporation based in Tampa, Florida, renaming their EMR solution to MediNotes Clinician. This would be short-lived as later in 2008, Atlanta, GA, based Eclipsys acquired MediNotes for $45 million. MediNotes Clinician was renamed PeakPractice. Allscripts then acquired Eclipsys and announced the sunsetting of PeakPractice (formerly Bond Clinican) and Medinotes effective 1-1-13 and replaced all previous MediNotes software offerings with Allscripts products.
External links.
The MediNotes Corporation was affiliated with several organizations related to the EMR and medical industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19781740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781740" title="Black River (New Brunswick)">
Black River (New Brunswick)

The Black River is a river located in Northumberland County, New Brunswick in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19781749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781749" title="Municipal Borough of Heywood">
Municipal Borough of Heywood

The Municipal Borough of Heywood was, from 1881 to 1974, a local government district in the administrative county of Lancashire, England, with borough status and coterminate with the town of Heywood.
Civic history.
The first local government in the area was formed in 1864, when part of the township of Heap adopted the Local Government Act 1858. Heap Middle Division Local Board was formed to govern the town. In 1867 the area of the local board was enlarged by the addition of parts of the townships of Birtle with Bamford, Castleton, Heap Hopwood, and Pilsworth. At the same time it was renamed as Heywood Local Board.
In 1880 the inhabitant householders of the area petitioned the privy council for the grant of a charter of incorporation under the Municipal Corporations Act. The request was successful and a charter was granted on 18 February 1881, constituting Heywood a municipal borough. A borough council consisting of a mayor, aldermen and councillors replaced the local board. Thomas Isherwood was elected first mayor of Heywood.
The borough boundaries were altered in 1900 and 1933. The municipal borough was abolished by the Local Government Act 1972, with its area included in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale, one of ten districts in the new county of Greater Manchester.
Coat of arms.
The Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of Heywood were granted armorial bearings by the College of Arms on 14 May 1881. The blazon was as follows:<br>
"Or five pellets between two bendlets engrailed the whole between as many mascles sable; and for a crest on a wreath of the colours in front of the trunk of a tree eradicated fessewise and sprouting to the dexter a falcon rising proper each wing charged with a pellet and holding in the beak a sprig of oak also proper three mascles interlaced Or."
The arms were based on those of the Heywood family: "Argent, three roundels between two bendlets all gules, Crest: a falcon rising from a tree trunk proper." In the arms of the borough, the colouring was changed form silver and red to gold and black. The heralds also introduced mascles or hollow diamond shaped figures. It has been suggested that these were intended to represent the coal and iron industries. The Latin motto of the Heywood family "Alte Volo" or "I fly high" was also adopted.
Borough council.
The borough council was initially composed of a mayor, eighteen councillors and six aldermen. The borough was divided into three wards, with six councillors and two aldermen returned for each ward. The first town council was controlled by the Liberal Party, with Conservatives forming an opposition group. Although there were annual elections of one third of the councillors, these were uncontested in many years. In 1892 the first Labour members joined the council, when three aldermen were returned unopposed.
From 1905 borough elections were contested. The Liberals retained their majority, with the Conservative and Labour parties also represented in the council. A private act of parliament promoted by Heywood Corporation in 1908 increased the number of wards, councillors and aldermen. The size of the council was increased to thirty-six, consisting of twenty-four councillors and eight aldermen.
No party held a majority on the council for many years. By 1949 the composition was sixteen Conservatives, thirteen Liberals, six Labour and one Independent. The three main parties were to have approximate parity on the council until 1958, when Labour gained control. The Conservatives and Liberals formed an anti-Labour alliance which took control at the 1959 election. The council then alternated between Labour (1963–1965), Conservative/Liberal (1965–1967) and Conservative (1968–1970) administrations. For the last four years of the council's existence, no party had a majority, with Labour the largest party from 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19781759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781759" title="Loening Air Yacht">
Loening Air Yacht

A number of different aircraft designs were produced by Loening under the name Air Yacht. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19781760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781760" title="Michael Garrett (astronomer)">
Michael Garrett (astronomer)

Professor Michael (Mike) Garrett (born 1964) is the General Director of the Dutch astronomy research foundation ASTRON, the Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy.
He was born in Kilwinning, North Ayrshire, Scotland, and brought up in nearby Saltcoats, on the west coast. He went to St. Mary's (1969–1976) and St. Andrew's RC schools (1976–1982). He graduated with first-class honours at the University of Glasgow (1982–1986), and did a PhD at the University of Manchester (1986–1990).
In 2003 he became director of the Joint Institute for VLBI in Europe (JIVE), and in 2007 director of ASTRON. Garrett is Professor of radio astronomy techniques at the University 
of Leiden. His research interests in astronomy are broad, covering a wide range of astrophysical objects, near and far. Garrett is one of 14 winners of the 2013 IBM Faculty Award. 
He has 
published over 80 papers in refereed journals and many other conference articles.

</doc>
<doc id="19781788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781788" title="Chris Ortloff">
Chris Ortloff

George C. "Chris" Ortloff (born September 20, 1947 in Lake Placid) is a former New York state Republican politician and admitted pedophile, who had served in the New York State Assembly from 1986 to 2006. He subsequently served on the state parole board, after being appointed by Governor George Pataki. Ortloff has a master's degree from the University of Michigan and has worked in real estate and journalism.
On October 13, 2008 Ortloff was arrested on federal charges of attempting to solicit sex with minors. On December 24, 2008 he pleaded guilty to a felony charge of online enticement of minors. His sentencing was originally set for April 23, 2009., but has been pushed back four times, first to August 11, 2009, then to November 9, 2009, to March 8, 2010, and most recently to July 13, 2010. Ortloff has surrendered to authorities to begin serving time in advance of actual sentencing. On August 9, 2010 he was finally sentenced, to 150 months 

</doc>
<doc id="19781805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781805" title="Los Angeles streets, 41-250">
Los Angeles streets, 41-250

This article covers streets in Los Angeles, California between and including 41st Street and 250th Street. Major streets have their own linked articles; minor streets are discussed here.
These streets run parallel to each other, roughly east-west.
Streets change from west to east (for instance West 1st Street to East 1st Street) at Main Street.
Many of the elementary schools in South Los Angeles bear names of numbered streets.
Details.
44th Street.
44th Street has been renamed Vernon Avenue, and is served by Metro Local line 105 and Metro Rapid line 705.
One Metro station:
72nd Street.
"see Florence Avenue"
79th Street.
79th Street has been renamed Nadeau Street.
86th Street.
"see Firestone Boulevard"
96th Street.
96th Street is a secondary street in South Los Angeles. Portions of it are renamed "Colden Avenue"
98th Street.
98th Street is notable for being bisected by Jesse Owens Memorial Park for most of its length.
100th Street.
"see Century Boulevard"
103rd Street.
Briefly served by Metro Local line 117.
One Metro station:
108th Street.
108th Street is a major street in South Los Angeles, and was formerly served by Line 119
120th Street.
120th Street is a major street in Hawthorne, Athens and Watts. It runs from Aviation Boulevard to Van Ness Avenue, and then from Western Avenue to Wilmington Avenue. It is served by portions of Lines 53 and 126, and was formerly served by Lines 207 and 357
128th Street.
128th Street has been renamed El Segundo Boulevard.
135th Street.
135th Street is a major street in Hawthorne and Rosewood; it runs from Aviation Boulevard to McKinley Avenue. It is served by portions of Line 209.
143rd Street.
143rd Street has been renamed Rosecrans Avenue.
151st Street.
151st Street has been renamed Compton Boulevard/Somerset Boulevard in the east and Marine Avenue in the west. Compton Boulevard/Somerset Boulevard carries Metro Local lines 51 and 127. Marine Avenue carries portions of Metro Local lines 126 and 215.
Two Metro stations:
158th Street.
158th Street has been renamed Manhattan Beach Boulevard.
161st Street.
161st Street has been renamed Alondra Boulevard, served by Metro Local line 128.
174th Street.
174th Street has been renamed Artesia Boulevard. It is served by Metro Local lines 130 and 344; Line 130 runs between Redondo Beach and Los Cerritos Center and Line 344 runs between Artesia Transit Center and Hawthorne Boulevard.
One Metro station:
203rd Street.
203rd Street has been renamed Del Amo Boulevard.
One Metro station:
217th Street.
217th Street has been renamed Carson Street. Carson Street becomes Lincoln Avenue approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) east of Interstate 605 upon entering the city of Cypress and Orange County. Once east of State Route 55 in the city of Orange, Lincoln becomes Nohl Ranch Road.
223rd Street.
223rd Street is a major street in Carson and Harbor Gateway. It runs from Western Avenue to Alameda Street, where it becomes Wardlow Road upon entrance to Long Beach.
One Metro station:
250th Street.
250th Street, a major residential street in the city of Lomita, becomes Lomita Boulevard just east of Walnut. It is served by Torrance Transit line 9.

</doc>
<doc id="19781807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781807" title="Jennifer Steele">
Jennifer Steele

Jennifer Steele (born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States) is a pornographic actress and feature dancer. 
In 2005 she became a spokesmodel for Adult Entertainment Investments, and in 2006 she was named the Director of Operations for the Florida-based XXX Babylon Films. 
She has appeared on "The Howard Stern Show", and HBO's "Real Sex". She has a tattoo of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution on her back. 
Her scene in "Butt Blassted 3" earned her a nomination for Best Tease Performance at the 2007 AVN Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19781808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781808" title="Simon's Cat">
Simon's Cat

"Simon's Cat" is an animated cartoon and book series by the British animator Simon Tofield featuring a hungry house cat who uses increasingly heavy-handed tactics to get its owner to feed it.
In January 2009, it was announced that Simon's Cat would be published in book format. Canongate released the title on 1 October 2009 in the United Kingdom. It was later released in many other countries and additional titles in the series were subsequently published.
In June 2012, Walt Disney Animation Studios began releasing shorts of "Simon's Cat".
Additionally there is a Simon's Cat cartoon strip in the "Daily Mirror".
Production.
The series is animated with the Adobe Flash software. The pictures are drawn using an A4-size Wacom Intuos 3 pen and tablet.
Creator Simon Tofield revealed that his four cats—called Teddy, Hugh, Jess and Maisie—provide inspiration for the series, with Hugh being the primary inspiration.
Books.
Main series
Compilations
Mini books
Awards.
Simon's Cat has won many awards from various festivals.
Other awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19781835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781835" title="CBTF Technology">
CBTF Technology

CBTF Technology is the patent holder of canting keel technology used in the design of some notable racing yachts in recent years, including "Wild Oats XI" and "Alfa Romeo". The company licenses its canting ballast, twin foil technology to yacht designers who choose to incorporate it into their designs.

</doc>
<doc id="19781890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781890" title="Wiltshire Museum">
Wiltshire Museum

The Wiltshire Museum, formerly known as Wiltshire Heritage Museum and Devizes Museum, is a museum, archive and library and art gallery in Devizes, Wiltshire, England. . The museum was established and is still run by, the Wiltshire Archaeological and Natural History Society (WANHS), a registered charity founded in 1853. After the purchase of an old grammar school the museum was opened in 1873. Subsequently it expanded into two Georgian houses on either side and still occupies this location today.
The museum maintains a collection covering the archaeology, art, history and natural history of Wiltshire. This collection covers periods of history from as far back as the Palaeolithic and also includes Neolithic, Bronze Age, Roman, Saxon, Mediaeval and more recent historical artefacts. Among the prehistoric collections are items from the Stonehenge and Avebury World Heritage Site. Several of the collections have been designated as being a significant part of England’s cultural heritage.
One of the most important collections at the museum is the finds from Bush Barrow, an early Bronze Age burial mound in Stonehenge World Heritage Site. The barrow was excavated by William Cunnington in 1808 and produced the richest and most important finds from a Bronze Age grave in the Stonehenge Landscape to date. The finds were acquired by the museum in 1883 and were displayed there until 1922 when they were indefinitely loaned to the British Museum. After a controversial restoration of the largest piece that may not reflect its original finish, the pieces were returned to Devizes in 1985. Replicas are on permanent display in the museum but the original artefacts themselves are kept in a bank vault due to their priceless nature. The original pieces were exhibited for a weekend in 2008 to celebrate the bicentenary of their discovery. The Museum is currently raising funds to be able to create new Neolithic and Bronze Age displays, that will include the Bronze Age gold. English Heritage have announced that they have developed the Stonehenge Museum Partnership with Wiltshire Heritage Museum and Salisbury and South Wiltshire Museum to tell the Stonehenge story at the new Stonehenge Visitor Centre. 
The natural history collection includes remains of a plesiosaur called Bathyspondylus found at Swindon in 1774. "Bathyspondylus swindoniensis" was first described in 1982 from the Museum's specimens. 
In 2010 the Museum ran a community bus service, the Henge Hopper, linking Avebury with Amesbury and Stonehenge.

</doc>
<doc id="19781891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781891" title="Ağkənd">
Ağkənd

Ağkənd (Azerbaijani for "white village") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19781913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781913" title="Captain Fingers">
Captain Fingers

Captain Fingers is the third studio album by guitarist Lee Ritenour, released in 1977 through Epic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19781922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781922" title="Through the Noise">
Through the Noise

Through the Noise, the first live CD/DVD from Comeback Kid, was released on October 14, 2008. The concert was filmed in Leipzig, Germany on November 11, 2007. It also features an hour long documentary of the band.
DVD material.
'Live In Leipzig' Concert (Track listing above)<br>
'Our Distance' Documentary (67 Min.)<br>
Broadcasting... (Music Video)<br>
Wake The Dead (Original Version) (Music Video)<br>
Wake The Dead (Monster Version) (Music Video)

</doc>
<doc id="19781944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781944" title="Heinrich Carl Haussknecht">
Heinrich Carl Haussknecht

Heinrich Carl Haussknecht (November 30, 1838 – 1903) was a German pharmacist and botanical collector who was a native of Bennungen, Sachsen-Anhalt.
Trained as a pharmacist, Haussknecht is remembered for collecting and describing numerous species of plants. His botanical explorations took place in Thuringia, Lower Saxony, Greece and the Middle East (the present-day nations of Turkey, Syria, Iraq, Iran). He established a large herbarium in Weimar, which after his death was placed under the supervision of Joseph Friedrich Nicolaus Bornmüller (1862–1948). In 1949 the "Herbarium Haussknecht" was transferred to the University of Jena.
Haussknecht specialized in the study of the genus "Epilobium" from the botanical family Onagraceae. In 1884 he published a monograph on the genus called "Monographie der Gattung Epilobium". The botanical genus "Haussknechtia" was named in his honor by Pierre Edmond Boissier (1810-1885).

</doc>
<doc id="19781952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781952" title="Los Angeles avenues">
Los Angeles avenues

The Los Angeles Avenues refer to a series of 67 numbered streets northeast of Downtown Los Angeles, California. The street grid begins at the Los Angeles River, with Avenue 16, as there are fifteen streets north of First Street, but they are already named. These streets give their name to the Avenues gang
Details.
Avenue 20.
"see San Fernando Road"
Avenue 26.
One Metro station:
Avenue 36.
One Metro station:
Avenues 46-48.
These were never constructed along Figueroa Street; Sycamore Park is in their place. Avenues 46 and 47 exist along York Blvd, but Avenue 48 was renamed Campus Road
One Metro station:
Avenue 57.
One Metro station:

</doc>
<doc id="19781956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781956" title="Pythagoras (disambiguation)">
Pythagoras (disambiguation)

Pythagoras was a Greek mathematician and philosopher.
Pythagoras may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19781957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781957" title="BirdLife South Africa">
BirdLife South Africa

BirdLife South Africa, formerly the South African Ornithological Society, is the South African national partner organisation of BirdLife International. 
It has a membership of 8000 in 40 branches and affiliates. Its mission is to promote the enjoyment, understanding, study and conservation of wild birds and their habitats. It publishes an ornithological journal, "Ostrich", covering the birds of Africa and its islands.
One of the major projects with which it is involved is the Second Southern African Bird Atlas Project (SABAP2). It is one of three partners which lead this project: the other two are the Animal Demography Unit at the University of Cape Town and the South African National Biodiversity Institute (SANBI). 

</doc>
<doc id="19781972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781972" title="David Cook (album)">
David Cook (album)

David Cook is the first major-label album from seventh season "American Idol" winner David Cook. The album was released on November 18, 2008 in the United States, was certified platinum and has sold over one million copies in the United States. It has produced two top twenty singles, "Light On" and "Come Back To Me". The single "The Time of My Life" has also been certified platinum by the RIAA. "Light On" was certified platinum in January 2010.
Reception.
The album's reception has been generally mixed to positive. "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a positive review saying, "They give David Cook's clutch of bombastic verse-chorus- verse rockers an impressive melodic sheen, one well suited to Cook's husky, expressive vocals. If anything, the series of booming midtempo anthems (most notable among them "Bar-ba-sol" and "Mr. Sensitive") could use a little sandpapering around the edges." "Allmusic" concurred writing, "He not only is a star thanks to "AmIdol", but he's always been ready to do big, happy, crowd-pleasing grunge-pop, as his self-released 2006 debut, "Analog Heart", proved. "David Cook" is remarkably similar to that now-suppressed effort, heavy on crawling, melodic midtempo rockers and power ballads, only given more gloss in its production and writing."
"Billboard" said of the album, "Much like his predecessors' quick-turnaround debuts, Cook's is fairly generic, but its rock edge is dirtied up with crunching guitars and the artist's tuneful growl. There are a host of big, anthemic choruses that highlight the power of Cook's voice, namely the soaring "Declaration" and Chris Cornell/Brian Howes-penned "Light On." Elsewhere, Cook exercises his right to rawk with the swaggering, gritty "Bar-ba-sol" and bares his soul alongside a delicate piano and string arrangement on "Permanent." There are some lyrical missteps ("Life on the Moon," which marvels at the titular concept), but as the lone rocker winner of "Idol" to date, Cook stands apart from cookie-cutter pop."
"Rolling Stone" gave the album an average review commenting on its lack of "out-of-the-box songwriting". Meanwhile, Ken Barnes of "USA Today" was also subdued in his review, particularly criticizing the production team and the song choices made on the album. Of it, he wrote, "they did him a disservice ... has a more supple, versatile voice than Daughtry, and he demonstrated vastly more musical originality than most Idol finalists, but you’d never know it from this collection of formulaic, tune-averse tracks."
Singles.
The first single, "Light On", was released to U.S. radio on September 30, 2008. The song sold 109,000 digital downloads in its first week of availability, leading to a number seventeen debut on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number eight on the Hot Digital Songs chart. "Light On" was certified platinum in January 2010.
"The Time of My Life" (his first feature single as the winner of "American Idol") is also featured as a bonus track on the album.
On February 27, 2009, Entertainment Weekly ran a piece saying that Cook will be releasing not one, but two singles in March 2009, "Come Back to Me" and "Bar-ba-sol." The video for "Come Back to Me" premiered on "American Idol" on April 1.
On May 20, 2009, Cook performed the song "Permanent" on the finale of "American Idol Season 8". The song was released as a single with the money from the song and the video of his performance going to charity. The single version of the song is longer than the version on his album.
Chart performance.
The album debuted at the number-three spot on the Billboard 200 chart with sales of 280,000 copies in the United States. In the beginning of February 2009, it was announced that the album had been certified platinum by RIAA for shipment of 1,000,000 copies. The album also broke digital sales records for a debut artist, selling 59,000 electronic copies. The album has sold over 1,500,000 copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19781973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781973" title="Tales from the Sick">
Tales from the Sick

Tales from the Sick is the debut studio album by American rapper Prozak. The album was released on June 3, 2008. It is the rapper's first release on Strange Music and is his first release of solo material following his first solo EP Aftabirth which was released in 2001. The album peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart, #25 on the Top Independent Albums chart and #52 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="19781993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19781993" title="Kahror Pacca">
Kahror Pacca

Kahror Pakka () (previously spelt Kahror Pacca), is a city and capital of Kahror Pakka Tehsil in Lodhran District of Punjab, Pakistan.
Demography.
As of the 1988 census, the population of the tehsil is 361,532
Languages.
Commonly spoken language is Saraiki which is also known as "Multani", Other is migrated population from Zila Hisar, having the languages; Haryanvi, also called Rangari, Urdu, Mewati, and Punjabi of Patyalvi accent.
Weather.
The climate is very hot and dry in summer and cool in winter. The hottest months are May to September. The maximum and minimum temperatures are 46 and 28 degree Celsius respectively. The coldest months are December to February. During this period the temperature fluctuates between 21 and 5 Celsius. The average annual rainfall is 71 millimeters.
Transport.
The Kahror Pakka to Lodhran road (32 km) which is a major artery in Lodhran District, passes through the city.An old railway station established in 1925 is present in city on which Trains for Lahore and Karachi stops.
The city has a direct link with Mailsi (35 km)and Dunyapur(25 km).
Multan and Bahawalpur are the nearest airports with international flights.
Agriculture.
Tehsil Kahror pakka is having a good name in Agriculture. Cotton is important crop of city. Kahror pakka is also known as cotton city. A new kind of cotton known as Bt cotton is cultivated on a large scale.
In other crops there are wheat,sunflower.sugarcane,all kind of vegetables.
In fruits Mango,Orange,Berry etc. are included.

</doc>
<doc id="19782001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782001" title="The Captain's Journey">
The Captain's Journey

"The Captain's Journey" is the sixth studio album by guitarist Lee Ritenour, released in 1978 through Elektra Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19782013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782013" title="Yeməzli">
Yeməzli

Yeməzli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19782089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782089" title="Calum Forrester">
Calum Forrester

Calum Forrester (born 3 October 1986) is a professional Scottish rugby player playing for Scottish side the Glasgow Warriors.
Early life and rugby career.
Forrester attended Hutchesons Grammar School. He has had two years studying sports science at Glasgow University, and is currently on an Open University course. He is a member of Scottish Rugby's National Rugby Academy and has a Duke of Edinburgh Silver Award.
In the summer of 2006, Forrester joined as an apprentice for the professional side the Glasgow Warriors. He continued to play at Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians RFC for two further seasons before being selected to join Ayr RFC in August 2008.
Professional club career.
Forrester joined Glasgow Warriors as an apprentice in summer 2006 and made his Magners League debut as a replacement in the away match against the Cardiff Blues in September that year. Despite being a relatively recent recruit to the first team squad at Glasgow Warriors, Forrester quickly established himself as a fans' favourite due to his work-rate. Speaking about his new recruit, Sean Lineen said, "Calum has been working with us for a while now and I’ve been very impressed with his attitude and ability. He’s been involved with the Scotland 7s team so I’m expecting big things from him and he’ll be a great addition to our Scottish back-row contingent."
Forrester was a member of the Scotland Sevens squad for the Commonwealth Youth Games in Bendigo, Victoria, Australia, in December 2004. His seven-a-side experience continued in the 2006–2007 Dubai Sevens, George Sevens, London Sevens, and Edinburgh Sevens tournaments, and after playing for the Rugby Ecosse squad in the Singapore Sevens tournament in October 2007 he continued in the Scotland squad for the 2007 Dubai Sevens and George Sevens tournaments. He was also in the Scottish Thistles squad who won the Melrose club's 125th anniversary sevens in April 2008.
Forrester has played also for Scotland under-18, under-19, and under-21. His under-19 debut was as a replacement against France in Blois in February 2005, and he went on make his first start in the match against England at Myreside, Edinburgh, a fortnight later. He subsequently played in all five of Scotland's matches in the 2005 IRB Under 19 World Championship in Durban, South Africa, including another appearance against England.
Forrester played in two of the Scotland under-21 team's warm-up matches in the 2005–2006 season before making his international debut as a replacement against England at Falkirk in February 2006. He then played in the Scotland squad for the IRB sevens tournaments in the Paris Sevens and the London Sevens in May and June 2006. He then joined Scotland's under-21 World Championship squad after the pool stage as a replacement for injured player Johnnie Beattie, playing as a substitute in the 46–14 win against Georgia in Issoire.

</doc>
<doc id="19782112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782112" title="Paweł Kaczorowski">
Paweł Kaczorowski

Paweł Kaczorowski (; born 22 March 1974 in Zduńska Wola) is a retired Polish professional footballer who last plays for GKP Gorzów Wielkopolski in the Polish First League.
Paweł Kaczorowski has now been a manager, He coach the Norwegian football team Hallingdal.
International.
Kaczorowski has made 18 appearances for the Poland national football team, scoring one goal.
Football Manager.
After many years as a professional footballer has Kaczorowski decided to become a coach for Hallingdal's junior team and a footballer for the Senior team. He began his managerial career in Norway

</doc>
<doc id="19782134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782134" title="Ascanio Piccolomini">
Ascanio Piccolomini

Ascanio Piccolomini is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19782166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782166" title="Avakoum Zahov versus 07">
Avakoum Zahov versus 07

Avakoum Zakhov vs. 07 () is an espionage novel by the Bulgarian author Andrei Gulyashki first published in 1966 and translated into English in 1967 (Sydney, Australia: Scripts. Paperback. 1967). This English translation is out of print and very hard to find.
In "Avakoum Zahov vs. 07" Avakum Zakhov was meant to meet with and pit his wits against James Bond. The book has been described as a revenge for the constant targeting of Russian and Bulgarian people as the evil characters in Bond novels and films. In the book Bond was defeated by a communist hero, much to the dismay of the Bond copyright holders. Consequently, Glidrose Publications threatened Andrei Gulyashki with a lawsuit and forbade him to use the name James Bond or the number 007. Zakhov's adversary became a nameless British spy, 07.
Avakum Zakhov's mission in Avakoum Zakhov vs. 07 was not to kill James Bond (or 07), but to protect the Soviet scientist Konstantin Trofimov. 07's mission was to kidnap the Soviet scientist and steal the secrets of his invention (a kind of a powerful "ray").
07 wins the first round: while the professor attends a symposium in the Bulgarian city of Varna, 07 manages to kidnap him and his secretary Natalia, and to take them to a ship headed south. Zakhov is in hot pursuit and manages to sneak onto 07's ship under a false identity. At the end of the story, 07, Zakhov, the professor, and Natalia find themselves shipwrecked on an icy island near Antarctica. 07 is awaiting help from the U.S. icebreaker Franklin, while Zakhov is awaiting a plane from the Soviet polar station Mirny.
There are some minor discrepancies between the Bulgarian original and the English translation, and a significant one at the end. In the English version, the book ends with a hand-to-hand fight between the two superheroes, and 07 is pushed into the icy precipice, presumably to his death.
In the original, the two adversaries exchange threats, but do not touch each other. The plane from Mirny arrives, while Franklin is still a few hours away. While Avakoum and Konstantin Trofimov's secretary Natalia are busy getting the professor into the plane, 07 manages to disappear. Although morally defeated and unsuccessful in his mission, 07 remains alive, and even free.

</doc>
<doc id="19782175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782175" title="Joaquín &quot;Jack&quot; García">
Joaquín &quot;Jack&quot; García

Joaquin Garcia (born 1952 in Havana, Cuba), also known as Jack, Jock, and Jocko, is a retired FBI agent best known for his undercover work infiltrating the Gambino crime family in New York. Garcia is regarded as one of the most successful and prolific agents in the history of the FBI.
Background.
Garcia was born in Havana, Cuba in 1952. His family fled to the U.S. to escape Castro's regime when he was nine years old. He grew up in the Bronx, New York where he attended Mount Saint Michael Academy. He received full football scholarships and played ball at West Texas State University, Westchester Community College and at the University of Richmond where he subsequently graduated in May 1975. His large size (6'4", 390 lbs.) benefited both his football and undercover careers. Garcia applied for the FBI soon after graduation and was finally sworn in for duty as a Special Agent on May 1980.
FBI career.
Garcia is renowned for his roles in successful cases against corrupt politicians in Atlantic City, New Jersey; corrupt police officers in the Hollywood Police Department, the Broward County Sheriff's Office; Boston Police Department and in the San Juan, Puerto Rico Police Department. He has also worked undercover against hundreds of drug dealers and leaders of both Colombian and Mexican drug cartels, while posing as either a money launderer, transporter or trafficker. He has done undercover work on National and International terrorism cases as well as National Security investigations. Garcia has also worked undercover against Russian and Asian organized crime groups. Most remarkably, Garcia worked on many of these cases simultaneously, as he juggled his various undercover identities and roles. Garcia successfully managed to work as an undercover FBI special agent for 24 out of his 26 years of service without detection.
Operation Jack Falcone.
In his 26 years of service with the FBI and as an undercover agent in over 100 undercover operations, Garcia is best known for his undercover role as "Jack Falcone," a self-described Sicilian jewel thief and drug dealer from Miami, Florida, who penetrated the Gambino crime family of La Cosa Nostra in New York City for nearly three years. The case resulted in the arrest and conviction of 32 mobsters, including the top members of the Post John Gotti Gambino crime family, Arnold Squitieri and Anthony Megale. 
FBI agent Garcia played his undercover role so convincingly that Gregory DePalma, a high ranking Gambino family capo, offered him the position of made man. If Garcia continued in his undercover role, he could have been the first law enforcement officer to become a "made man" in the Gambino crime family. Garcia is only the second agent to have ever been offered the position of "made man". In the late 1970s Joseph Pistone became the first during his infiltration of the Bonanno crime family as Donnie Brasco. Garcia's investigation ceased in March, 2005 when FBI Supervisors, much to the dissatisfaction of Garcia, decided to terminate the investigation. In the end, the FBI produced sufficient evidence to convict DePalma at trial while the others defendants all pleaded guilty. DePalma was sentenced to twelve years in federal prison thanks in large part to Garcia's efforts.
Book and film.
In 2008, he released "Making Jack Falcone", a book detailing some of his undercover cases and experiences with the FBI, including his successful infiltration into the Gambino Crime Family. The book became an instant New York Times Bestseller. A movie based on the book and Garcia's life was announced in 2010, with actor Benicio del Toro cast to play the lead role and Steven Soderbergh, Michael Shamberg, Stacey Sher, and John Henson as producers.

</doc>
<doc id="19782186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782186" title="Animal Control Products Limited">
Animal Control Products Limited

Animal Control Products Limited is a state-owned enterprise of the New Zealand government. Its main business is the manufacture and sale of pest management products.
History.
The company was established as a Crown-owned company in 1991 under its own legislation but became a state-owned enterprise in January 2005. It was formed from the business originally started in the 1950s by the (then) Ministry of Agriculture and the New Zealand Forest Service, mixing toxins and later manufacturing finished bait products.
It operates under the State Owned Enterprises Act 1986.
Operations.
Animal Control Products operates two manufacturing plants; one at Waimate in New Zealand's South Island and the other at Wanganui in the lower North Island. In addition to direct sales to government agencies such as the Department of Conservation, to professional pest control operators and to regional councils, it also sells its products in over 150 outlets throughout New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="19782194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782194" title="Things That Are">
Things That Are

"=
Things That Are is a young adult book by Andrew Clements. Released in 2008 by Philomel, the book is a sequel to "Things Hoped For".
Plot.
The story is about 17 year old Alicia, Bobby's friend who the reader learned about earlier in the series. The main plot centers around her journey of self reassurance and courage. The story also includes short exchanges between Alicia and her "brain fairy" in which they argue over a present topic.The "brain fairy" always annoys Alicia and calls her names. The story starts out with Bobby coming home from New York to Chicago to visit Alicia. He was unknowningly followed by the invisible man, William. The FBI start to intervene because of an arrest warrant on William. Alicia and Bobby then help William use an electric blanket to return him to his previous state. William then returns to his wife and daughter in Montreal.
Characters.
Main Characters: Alicia Van Dorn, and Bobby Phillips
Minor Characters: Mr. and Mrs. Van Dorn, William, and Mr. and Mrs. Phillips,

</doc>
<doc id="19782222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782222" title="Bluejuice">
Bluejuice

Bluejuice is a rock band that is based in Sydney, Australia. The group consists of Jake Stone, Stavros Yiannoukas, Jamie Cibej and James Hauptmann.
The band has released three studio albums; "Problems", "Head of the Hawk" and "Company".
History.
"Problems".
Bluejuice released the album "Problems" in 2007. "Problems" was well received by "Rolling Stone" magazine in Australia, which awarded the album a four out of five rating.
The band's first single, "Vitriol", enjoyed airplay on the Australian national radio network Triple J, being the second most popular track in 2007 and ultimately reaching No. 11 in the annual Triple J Hottest 100 countdown in 2007. "Vitriol" ranked number 67 in the Australian Rolling Stone Magazine's 100 Best songs of 2007. The video clip for "Vitriol" won best clip at Sunscreen Video Awards in 2007.
The video clip for "The Reductionist", the second single from "Problems", was "Rage" "Indie Clip of the Week" in January 2008. The third single, "Phantom Boogie", has received airplay on Triple J. All three singles were produced by Genevieve Maynard.
"Head of the Hawk".
In 2009, Bluejuice signed to the Australian record label Dew Process and recorded their second studio album at Big Jesus Burger in Sydney with producer/mixer Chris Shaw (Bob Dylan, Public Enemy, Super Furry Animals, Weezer). Lead single "Broken Leg" debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number 47 on 23 August 2009. They released the album "Head of the Hawk" on 18 September 2009, and it debuted at No. 37 on the Australian Albums Chart. "Broken Leg" eventually peaked at No. 27 on the Australian Singles Chart, supported by a music video directed by Samuel Bennetts, as well as reaching No. 5 in the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2009. The band performed the song on Channel Seven's "Sunrise" and Channel Nine's "Wide World of Sports".
The second single from "Head of the Hawk" is "(Ain't) Telling the Truth", which was added to Triple J airplay. The band have also been nominated for two ARIA Awards in 2009 for Best Breakthrough Artist (Single) for "Broken Leg" and Best Video for "Broken Leg". The "Broken Leg" video was directed by Sammuel Bennet and was shot at the Metro in Sydney with the local skipping team called (in video) "Shimmer Extreme" led by the coach TK. "Broken Leg" was also voted No. 1 on "Rage"'s inaugural "Rage FIFTY" in 2009.
On the Grand Final (part 1) episode of the "AFL Footy Show", Hawthorn Football Club players Ben Stratton, Jarryd Morton, Matt Suckling and Liam Shiels re-enacted the popular video clip to "Broken Leg" live as part of the 2010 Player Review.
"Company".
On 11 November 2011, Bluejuice released their third album "Company", produced by Eric J. Dubowsky, engineered by Jean-Paul Fung and mixed by Adrian Bushby. The first single "Act Yr Age" was co-written by Sparkadia's Alex Burnett. The closing track 'On My Own' was co-written by The Presets' Julian Hamilton.
In an interview with Australian music journalist Nick Milligan, published in the "Maitland Mercury", Stone stated in relation to the public's response to "Company":
We seem to be in an okay position with the way people like or dislike the band. People seem to be supportive and anecdotally like us - they're not saying, 'Bluejuice - we don't want that band to exist'. It hasn't been an overwhelming response in the sense that we're not like The Jezabels and getting that huge public vibe. But I feel like we made a more consistent songwriting record, which was my intent. I'm pleased that people are enjoying ["Company"] in the way that we intended them to enjoy it - as a pop record with some serious songwriting, but never so serious that it interferes with the catchiness or the danceability of it. This band is at its best when it's making light of serious issues.
In January 2012, Bluejuice commenced their Sizzling Summer tour with dance act The Aston Shuffle. They also performed on both the Big Day Out and Groovin' the Moo festival tours in 2012.
Departure of Jerry Craib.
The band's keyboard player, bassist, guitarist and drummer, Jerry Craib, announced his resignation from the band in late March 2013. The public became aware of the decision due to an announcement on the Bluejuice Facebook fan page, in which the remaining band members delivered an assessment with the words "FUCKING FUCK". The phrase "formidable musical talents" was also used to describe Craib in the Facebook post and information on Craib's future was not provided; however, the band stated that it wished for Craib to return to Bluejuice at another time.
Musical style.
The musical style of Bluejuice has variously been described as "punk-hop", "downtempo hip hop, ska-tinged pop and pounding disco" and "too straight for funk, too groovy for indie rock and too sweaty for pop". As of March 2013, keyboards will feature even more prominently in the band's musical style and the departure of keyboardist Craib was identified as especially problematic by band members due to this anticipated direction.
Touring.
Bluejuice has played numerous concerts and large festivals, such as the Big Day Out (2010), Playground Weekender Festival, Come Together, Splendour in the Grass, Parklife, Homebake, O-Fest and Coaster Festival.
On 27 March 2010, Bluejuice was one of the acts that performed at the One Night Stand concert that is organised annually by Australia's Triple J radio station.
The band has also supported numerous artists, such as Tricky, Pnau, Dizzee Rascal and The Specials.
Headline.
In 2008 Bluejuice completed the "Less Talk More Problems" tour with Sydney indie rock band The Paper Scissors. The following year, Bluejuice commenced the "Head of the Hawk" Australian tour in October 2009 in support of the album of the same name.
Bluejuice also performed at "AJ2010", the 22nd Australian Scout Jamboree, where the band performed before an audience of approximately 15,000 people. Bluejuice performed at Australia's University of New South Wales (UNSW) during "O-Week" (week-long orientation period for students) on 22 February 2012, supported by Pluto Jonze and Step-Panther.
References.
They were also the star performers at AJ2010 (Australian Jamboree 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="19782240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782240" title="Ralph Robertson">
Ralph Robertson

Ralph Robertson (31 August 1881 – 11 May 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and had a noted career in New South Wales.
Robertson was born in England and came to Melbourne when he was three years old. After playing initially for South Beach in the St Kilda League he debuted for the Saint's VFL side in 1899. He only experienced victory in one of his 14 senior games at St Kilda, which came in a one point win against Melbourne in the opening round of the 1900 VFL season. Although primarily a rover, Robertson could also play as a centreman and up forward.
Due to his work, Robertson ended up in Sydney in 1901 and as there was no substantial Australian rules football competition he took up Rugby Union. In 1903 however, the NSW Australian Football Association began and Robertson was appointed vice captain of East Sydney for the inaugural season, where they won the premiership. He transferred to North Shore in 1909 and the following season played in another premiership team.
Amongst his 30 interstate matches for New South Wales, he captained the state at the 1908 Melbourne, 1911 Adelaide and 1914 Sydney carnivals. For his performances at the Sydney Carnival, Robertson was awarded a Referee Medal.
Robertson was killed in 1917 on active war service when the fighter plane he was piloting crashed into another over Egypt. In 2003 he was honoured as one of the inaugural members of the official 'Sydney AFL Hall of Fame'.

</doc>
<doc id="19782241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782241" title="Golalare">
Golalare

Golalare (Sanskrit गोलाराडे, Hindi गोलालारे ) is a Jain community of Bhadawar and Bundelkhand region in India. Their original center is the Bhind-Etawa region on the banks for the Chambal river. Some of them have migrated to Bundelkhand region
A section of the Golalare are now known as Kharaua. Some of the bhattarakas of Balatkara Gana who had a seat at Ater and Rura, were born in this community.
According to some of the inscriptions, the Golalare are descendants of the ancient Ikshvakus.

</doc>
<doc id="19782319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782319" title="My Last Words">
My Last Words

"My Last Words" is the 152nd episode of the television series "Scrubs", and the second of its eighth season. The episode first aired on January 6, 2009 on ABC, following the show's departure from NBC. It immediately followed "My Jerks", the first episode of the 8th season. The episode was written by Aseem Batra and directed by Bill Lawrence, the creator of the show. The episode was awarded the 2009 Humanitas Prize in the 30 Minute Category.
Plot.
The episode begins as Turk and J.D. are making plans for the continuation of their "bro-mantic" tradition, "Steak Night," but plans are put on hold when they encounter George Valentine (Glynn Turman), a terminally ill patient with ischemic bowel disease who will probably die in the night. George convinces J.D. and Turk to leave the hospital, putting him in Denise's care. Turk and J.D. return after finding out that George has lied to them and has no family to comfort him, relieving Denise of her duties. J.D. and Turk decide to stay and talk George through his fears of death. George mentions that he would like a beer after being denied a cigar, sending J.D. and Turk out on a beer run (in which they also purchase a flare gun and a box of condoms so as to not "seem like losers for purchasing one can of beer").
The night soon turns into an evening of talking about life and death in an effort to comfort George. He initially finds it hard to open up to Turk and J.D. but soon finds comfort in the company that they bring. George questions J.D. and Turk about death and how his will occur, highlighting the duo's own fears of passing in the process, but eventually finding some happiness. George soon becomes drowsy and falls asleep, asking J.D. and Turk if they'll be around when he wakes up, to which they reply yes. He does not wake up, and Turk and J.D. celebrate their meeting and his passing on the roof of the hospital by shooting off the flare gun.
Music.
"I Will Follow You Into the Dark" by Death Cab for Cutie
Production.
This episode did not feature Dr. Cox, Dr. Kelso, Janitor, or Elliot. The only major characters appearing were J.D., Turk, and Carla. This is the first time the Janitor has not appeared in an episode since "My Lucky Day".
Reception.
The Season 8 premiere of "Scrubs" was run by ABC in an hour long slot comprising two separate episodes, "My Jerks" and "My Last Words". "Scrubs" obtained 6.7 million viewers for this hour long slot, around as many as the season 7 premiere on NBC. The two episodes together were the two most viewed shows in the 18-49 demographic.

</doc>
<doc id="19782340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782340" title="Jury (disambiguation)">
Jury (disambiguation)

A jury is a body of persons convened to render a verdict in a legal situation, except in Louisiana, where the Police Jury describes the county government.
Jury may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19782347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782347" title="Ağalı, Zangilan">
Ağalı, Zangilan

Ağalı, Zangilan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19782360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782360" title="Howard Mann">
Howard Mann

Howard Mann (June 20, 1923-September 18, 2008) was an American actor and comedian. Mann appeared on television, film and commercials during his 40-year-long career in the entertainment industry. Some of his most recent roles in the 2000s included "Pushing Daisies" and "The Starter Wife". Despite his dozens of film and television credits in his resume, Mann wrote that he had "probably been turned down more times than a blanket," in a guest column in the "Los Angeles Times" in 2006.
Mann was born Howard Mendelsohn in 1923 in New York. He began his career in entertainment as a comedian after being laid off from his job as an advertising copywriter. Mann began performing in the Jewish entertainers circuit in resorts in New York's Catskill Mountains. His dozens of television appearances included "Laverne & Shirley", "Alice", "Moonlighting" and "Murder, She Wrote". His film credits included "Mr. Saturday Night" in 1992 and the "" in 1981. Mann also appeared on the Merv Griffin Show and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. On stage, Mann toured the United States in a one-man show, in which he played George Washington, in 1976 in honor of the United States Bicentennial. He later portrayed the role of Oscar Madison in an off Broadway production of "The Odd Couple". Beginning in the 1980s, Mann created and performed an original rap routine for senior citizens living in the San Fernando Valley.
Howard Mann died of cancer on September 18, 2008, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles at the age of 85. He was survived by his longtime girlfriend and companion, Bea Mitz.

</doc>
<doc id="19782407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782407" title="Edward C. Peters House">
Edward C. Peters House

The Edward C. Peters House, also known as Ivy Hall, is a Queen Anne style house in Atlanta, Georgia. It occupies a lot covering an entire city block on the southeast corner of Piedmont Avenue and Ponce de Leon Avenue in Midtown Atlanta, just north of the SoNo neighborhood. Its current owner is the Savannah College of Art and Design.
History.
The house was built in 1883 for Edward C. Peters. The architect was Gottfried I. Norrman, a Swedish immigrant. The house incorporates references to the Peters family, such as tiles depicting the Philadelphia Fish and Chowder Society founded by Edward's great-grandfather Richard Peters, Jr.. Edward's father, also named Richard Peters, was instrumental in the founding and transformation of the small town of Marthasvillle into Atlanta. Edward inherited Richard's railroad and trolley interests in 1889.
The Peters House survived the Great Atlanta Fire of 1917, when houses between North Avenue and Ponce de Leon Avenue were dynamited as a firebreak. After the death of Peters' daughter-in-law in 1970 the house was threatened with demolition, but became "The Mansion" restaurant three years later. The interiors have been largely preserved, although a fire in 2000 caused the restaurant to close. In 2005 the house was acquired by the Savannah College of Art and Design. A full restoration of Ivy Hall was undertaken, reopening on October 3, 2008. A portion of the grounds was developed with housing.
Photo gallery.
See link for more photos.

</doc>
<doc id="19782454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782454" title="Point of Origin (novel)">
Point of Origin (novel)

Point of Origin is a crime fiction novel by Patricia Cornwell. It is the ninth book in the Dr. Kay Scarpetta series.
Plot summary.
Dr Kay Scarpetta, Virginia Chief Medical Examiner and consulting pathologist for the federal law enforcement agency ATF, is called out to a farmhouse in Virginia that has been destroyed by fire. In the ruins of the house she finds a body that tells a story of a violent and grisly murder.
The fire has come at the same time as Carrie Grethen, a killer who nearly destroyed the lives of Scarpetta and those closest to her, has escaped from a forensic psychiatric hospital. Her whereabouts is unknown, but her ultimate destination is not, for Carrie has begun to communicate with Scarpetta, conveying her deadly—if cryptic—plans for revenge.
Carrie has linked up with a new companion, willing to end his life of sadistic slayings for her pursuit of Scarpetta.

</doc>
<doc id="19782462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782462" title="Benedictine Sisters of Elk County">
Benedictine Sisters of Elk County

The Benedictine Sisters of Elk County is the oldest Benedictine women's religious order in the United States and is located in St. Marys, Pennsylvania at St. Joseph's Monastery.
The monastery was founded in 1852, when Sister Benedicta Riepp and two companions arrived from St. Walburga Abbey in Eichstätt, Bavaria. They had come at the invitation of Rev. Boniface Wimmer, who had determined a need in the small town heavily populated with Bavarian Roman Catholic immigrants for religious presence and support, as well as an opportunity for the sisters to teach the children of these immigrants.
From these beginnings, and as the community grew, so too did the mission and size of the Sisters expand: it branched from being the first women's Benedictine Order in the United States to having over fifty monasteries who can trace their roots back to this historic community. Indeed, this monastery can be considered the backbone of the Congregation of St. Scholastica, which received its approbation in 1922 (later renamed the Federation of St. Scholastica in 1974). At that time, it consisted of ten houses in seven states; now, it encompasses 22 monasteries in 15 states and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19782491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782491" title="Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway">
Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway

The Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway, opened in 1846, ran between the towns of Clifton and Bury in what is now Greater Manchester, and the district of Rossendale in Lancashire, England. The company merged with the Burnley, Accrington & Colne Extension Railway (BAC&ER) to form the East Lancashire Railway.
History.
In the early 1840s the nearest railway to Bury was the Manchester and Bolton Railway, at its closest through Stoneclough almost 4.5 miles distant. This railway company had initially proposed to create a branch to Bury, but technical difficulties meant that the connection never materialised.
On 14 September 1843 a group of local businessmen, including John Grundy, Thomas Wrigley and John Robinson Kay met at a hostelry in Bury to discuss the creation of a railway connection for the town. The Manchester, Bury and Rossendale Railway Company was formed, its purpose to build a railway from Bury to a junction with the Manchester and Bolton Railway at Clifton. The company also promoted the idea of extending the line northwards to Rawtenstall. In 1844 the company was incorporated by act of parliament, which authorized it to raise £300,000, and to borrow £100,000.
Route.
Charles E. Cawley was appointed Chief Engineer, who instructed his recently appointed assistant Frederick Banister to set out the first few miles. The proposed route through the Irwell Valley was then approved by Chief Inspector of Railways Major General Sir Charles W. Pasley on 23 September 1846.
The railway began from a junction with the Manchester and Bolton Railway, in Clifton. It ran northeast through , , , , and into . Construction was completed quickly; William Harrison wrote "The railway was speedily completed and was opened for traffic on 28th September 1846", however men were asked to work on Sunday, and several were charged with breaking Sabbath.
Extension.
Another company, the Burnley, Accrington & Colne Extension Railway, proposed to extend the line from Stubbins Junction to meet the to Burnley route at Accrington. The two companies joined on 24 July 1845 to form the East Lancashire Railway
Banister was placed in charge with designing, surveying and gaining the necessary UK Parliament approval to extend the line, which hence became part of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. Due to persistent health issues, after gaining parliamentary approval Banister left the project and construction was undertaken by engineers from the L&YR.

</doc>
<doc id="19782554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782554" title="Phylarch">
Phylarch

A phylarch (, ) is a Greek title meaning "ruler of a tribe", from "phyle", "tribe" + "archein" "to rule".
In Classical Athens, a phylarch was the elected commander of the cavalry provided by each of the city's ten tribes.
In the later Roman Empire of the 4th to 7th centuries, the title was given to the leading princes of the Empire's Arab allies in the East (essentially the equivalent to "sheikh"), both those settled within the Empire and outside. From ca. 530 to ca. 585, the individual phylarchs were subordinated to a supreme phylarch from the Ghassanid dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="19782634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782634" title="Christoforos Knitis">
Christoforos Knitis

Christoforos Knitis (also known as Christophoros Knetes) was a Greek Orthodox bishop in the Metropolis of Australia and New Zealand from 1924 to 1928.
Overview.
Knitis was born on 17 December 1872 and baptised Charidemos. He was born and raised in Vathi, on the island of Samos, and was the son of Charidemos Knitis and his wife Fioritsa. He studied at the University of Athens, and studied theology at the Theological School of Halki.
He was made deacon in on 19 July 1898 and took the name Christoforos. He became a teacher at his old high school, Pythagoreion Gymnasion, on Samos. In 1905, he spent a year studying theology and English at the University of St Andrews, Scotland, and transferred to the University of Oxford where he graduated in 1909.
He was ordained priest on 23 April 1910, raised to the rank of archimandrite and then on 12 December titular bishop consecrated of Stauropolis. In 1918 he was elevated to metropolitan bishop of Serrai.
Metropolitan of Australia and New Zealand.
The Ecumenical Patriarchate in Constantinople established the Metropolis of Australia and New Zealand in 1924 and appointed Christophoros as hierarch. Metropolitan Christophoros arrived in Australia on 8 July 1924 to begin a stormy tenure. He was confronted by Archimandrite Irenaios Kasimatis, a priest who ignored the metropolitan and wrote inflammatory articles in the local Greek press. Factional rivalry and bitterness prevented Knitis from achieving much, and divisions in the church made his position untenable. In February 1928 he was recalled to Greece.
Father Theophylactos Papathanasopoulos was sent to Sydney as administrator until a new bishop arrived. Knitis was officially succeeded by Metropolitan Timotheos Evangelinidis in 1931.
Metropolitan of Bizya.
He was granted the title of Metropolitan of Bizya (East Thrace) and spent most of his remaining life back in Samos, where he died on 7 August 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19782669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782669" title="Henry H. Travers">
Henry H. Travers

Henry Hammersley Travers (1844–1928) was a New Zealand naturalist, professional collector and taxidermist. He was the son of the politician William Travers.
Specimens collected by Travers are in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa

</doc>
<doc id="19782695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782695" title="Elizondo">
Elizondo

Elizondo is a Basque place-name and surname meaning '(house) beside the church'. As a place-name it is attested in the whole Basque region, but especially in Navarre and French Basque Country (cf "Eliçaondo" in Pamplona, 1350). It shows a number of variants stemming from the original form, especially in America, such as "Elissondo, Lizondo, Elissonde", less likely but also possible "Elison" and "Elyson", irrespective of the genuine, pre-American English and Welsh forms. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782705" title="Ostrich (journal)">
Ostrich (journal)

Ostrich ("Ostrich: Journal of African Ornithology") is a journal of African ornithology published by BirdLife South Africa, formerly the South African Ornithological Society, in association with the National Information Services Corporation (NISC). It contains papers on the birds of Africa and its islands, including peer-reviewed original scientific papers of 3000 to 10,000 words, short articles of up to 2000 words, and reviews. Topics include behaviour, breeding, biology, ecology, migrations, movements and systematics.

</doc>
<doc id="19782724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782724" title="Qaragöz">
Qaragöz

Qaragöz or Karagëz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19782735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782735" title="Hindley Earnshaw">
Hindley Earnshaw

Hindley Earnshaw is a fictional character in Emily Brontë's novel "Wuthering Heights". The brother of Catherine Earnshaw, father of Hareton Earnshaw, and sworn enemy of Heathcliff, he descends into a life of drunkenness, degradation, and misery after his wife Frances dies from consumption, shortly after childbirth. This enables Heathcliff to seek revenge on him for his cruelty towards him in his childhood years.
Story.
Hindley sees Heathcliff as a rival when Mr. Earnshaw, his father, brings him home (an orphan) and instantly treats him with animosity. Eventually, this gives way to Mr. Earnshaw's favoring Heathcliff as his favorite child, above son Hindley and daughter Catherine, and thus leaving Hindley in hatred of his "foster-brother." His father then, with the advice of others, sets him to go off to college. After Mr. Earnshaw dies, Hindley returns home to the funeral with a wife, Frances. Nelly Dean suggests that Frances is most likely a woman with "neither money nor name to recommend her, or he would scarcely have kept the union from his father." When she begins to dislike Heathcliff, Hindley sees it as his chance to bring him low after all the anger and jealousy he created in him, and thus punishes him by making him a servant at Wuthering Heights, forcing him to work relentlessly. 
This cruelty causes Heathcliff to entertain thoughts of bringing Hindley down, as he tells Nelly Dean that he would love to "paint the housefront with Hindley's blood!" When Frances dies after giving birth to baby Hareton, Hindley grows "tyrannical and evil," and starts to drink heavily. He rapidly begins to curse, gamble, and offer mad, coarse ravings of complete insanity. He even comes close to killing his own son, Hareton, although Heathcliff accidentally saves the infant child. Hindley later regrets this action, and decides to fire Heathcliff as opposed to continue to beat him. After Heathcliff mysteriously disappears for three years, he returns to see Hindley worse than ever, and sees it as a chance to take revenge on his lifelong enemy. It becomes apparent that Hindley gambles away every bit of money he has to Heathcliff, and that the mortgage of Wuthering Heights goes entirely to Heathcliff, thus enabling him to become the owner of the house that had always belonged to the Earnshaw family, dating back to the year "1500" as stated in the beginning of the novel.
Although Hindley descends into a life of alcoholic madness, Catherine dies before him. He attempts to keep himself sober for the funeral, but, unable to contain himself, drinks heavily in front of the fire and ends up trying to murder Heathcliff, which Heathcliff's wife Isabella keeps from happening. Eventually however, the two get into a brawl once again the following morning, and after Isabella escapes Wuthering Heights, Hindley shuts himself in a room, humiliated from being beaten physically and fiscally by Heathcliff after years of being the master, and drinks himself to death.
Description.
Hindley has long, brown hair, and the dark, famous "Earnshaw eyes," which also belong to Catherine Earnshaw, Catherine Linton, and Hareton. When he comes home from college, he is apparently a greatly altered man in dress and aspect. He had grown "sparer, and had lost his colour, and spoke and dressed quite differently." At Frances's death, however, he descends into a life of misery and insanity:
For himself, he grew desperate: his sorrow was of that kind that will not lament. He neither wept, nor prayed; he cursed and defied; execrated God and man, and gave himself up to reckless dissipation. The servants could not bear his tyrannical and evil conduct long. Joseph and I were the only two that would stay. 
- Nelly Dean's description of Hindley, after the death of Frances Earnshaw

</doc>
<doc id="19782736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782736" title="Belle Grove Wildlife Management Area">
Belle Grove Wildlife Management Area

Belle Grove Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Allegany County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782741" title="Billmeyer Wildlife Management Area">
Billmeyer Wildlife Management Area

Billmeyer Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Allegany County, Maryland adjacent to Green Ridge State Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19782742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782742" title="Bowen Wildlife Management Area">
Bowen Wildlife Management Area

Bowen Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Prince George's County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782743" title="Cedar Island Wildlife Management Area">
Cedar Island Wildlife Management Area

Cedar Island Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland near Crisfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19782746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782746" title="Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area">
Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area

Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area is a state Wildlife Management Area along Chickamuxen Creek near the Potomac River in Charles County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782751" title="Deal Island Wildlife Management Area">
Deal Island Wildlife Management Area

Deal Island Wildlife Management Area protects in western Somerset County near the community of Deal Island. As a wildlife management area, the area is 
managed by the State of Maryland's Wildlife and Heritage Service to conserve wildlife populations and their habitats, while providing public recreational use of wildlife resources.
Features of the Deal Island WMA include over of flat trails and a 2,800-acre man-made pond or "impoundment."
Recreational activities include photography, fishing, small boating (canoe and kayak), birdwatching (waterfowl including uncommon duck species), hunting (geese and duck) and crabbing...
The nine (9) mile trail is frequented by hiking and off-road cycling enthusiasts..

</doc>
<doc id="19782753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782753" title="Dierssen Wildlife Management Area">
Dierssen Wildlife Management Area

Dierssen Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Montgomery County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782757" title="Ellis Bay Wildlife Management Area">
Ellis Bay Wildlife Management Area

Ellis Bay Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Wicomico County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782760" title="Fairmount Wildlife Management Area">
Fairmount Wildlife Management Area

Fairmount Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782762" title="Fishing Bay Wildlife Management Area">
Fishing Bay Wildlife Management Area

Fishing Bay Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Dorchester County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782768" title="Hugg-Thomas Wildlife Management Area">
Hugg-Thomas Wildlife Management Area

Hugg-Thomas Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Howard County, Maryland, south of the town of Sykesville.

</doc>
<doc id="19782769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782769" title="Idylwild Wildlife Management Area">
Idylwild Wildlife Management Area

Idylwild Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Caroline County, Maryland near Federalsburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19782770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782770" title="Indian Springs Wildlife Management Area">
Indian Springs Wildlife Management Area

Indian Springs Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Washington County, Maryland near Clear Spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19782771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782771" title="Johnson Wildlife Management Area">
Johnson Wildlife Management Area

Johnson Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Wicomico County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782773" title="Linkwood Wildlife Management Area">
Linkwood Wildlife Management Area

Linkwood Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in the state of Maryland. It is located in Dorchester County, near the town of Linkwood.

</doc>
<doc id="19782774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782774" title="Maryland Marine Properties Wildlife Management Area">
Maryland Marine Properties Wildlife Management Area

Maryland Marine Properties Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782778" title="McKee-Beshers Wildlife Management Area">
McKee-Beshers Wildlife Management Area

McKee-Beshers Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Montgomery County, Maryland. Acres of sunflowers are planted each year at McKee-Beshers WMA to attract game birds. Every July, these spectacular fields in full bloom also draw photographers, garden enthusiasts, and tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="19782781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782781" title="Sylve Bengtsson">
Sylve Bengtsson

Sylve Bengtsson (July 2, 1930 – April 30, 2005) was a Swedish football player, who played forward.
Career.
He started his career in Halmstads BK at the age of 17 in 1947 against Djurgårdens IF, a 0-5 defeat. In 1948 as Halmstads BK was relegated from Allsvenskan Sylve left for "Hälsingborgs IF" (now Helsingborgs IF); during his time in Hälsingborg he made his first national team appearance for Sweden; he was later part of the Swedish national team that won bronze medal in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki after defeating West Germany.
After the Summer Olympics he returned to Halmstads BK and helped the club back up in Allsvenskan, in season 1954-55 he won the Stora Silvret with the club and in the following season he become the top goalscorer with 22 goals. Halmstads BK was relegated yet again in 1959 and in 1961 Sylve left for Gnosjö IF where he played for three seasons before returning to Allsvenskan and "Hälsingborgs IF" to play between 1964 and 1965.
In 1967 he returned to Halmstads BK as a playing coach and in 1968 he become manager for Laholms FK, shortly south of Halmstad, he then returned to Halmstads BK as teamleader; he made a short time as manager yet again for the club during the summer of 1971 and led the club back to Allsvenskan.
Aside from playing football he also worked as a baker and confectioner.

</doc>
<doc id="19782783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782783" title="Millington Wildlife Management Area">
Millington Wildlife Management Area

Millington Wildlife Management Area is a 4,000-acre Wildlife Management Area in Kent County, Maryland. The area is ecologically diverse, featuring hardwood forests as well as various types of wetlands, fields, and meadows. Millington supports a large variety of wildlife, including, whitetail deer, turkeys, quail, rabbits, and waterfowl, as well as protecting a number of endangered plants and animals species. The site also provides outdoor recreation as well as hunting in all established seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19782784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782784" title="Mount Nebo Wildlife Management Area">
Mount Nebo Wildlife Management Area

Mt. Nebo Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Garrett County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782785" title="Myrtle Grove Wildlife Management Area">
Myrtle Grove Wildlife Management Area

Myrtle Grove Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Charles County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782786" title="Nanticoke River Wildlife Management Area">
Nanticoke River Wildlife Management Area

Nanticoke River Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Wicomico County, Maryland near Quantico, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782789" title="Pocomoke Sound Wildlife Management Area">
Pocomoke Sound Wildlife Management Area

Pocomoke Sound Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782791" title="Sideling Hill Wildlife Management Area">
Sideling Hill Wildlife Management Area

Sideling Hill Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Allegany and Washington County, Maryland. The area is named for Sideling Hill, where a spectacular manmade notch was cut to allow Interstate 68 to pass through.

</doc>
<doc id="19782796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782796" title="South Marsh Wildlife Management Area">
South Marsh Wildlife Management Area

South Marsh Island Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782797" title="Strider Wildlife Management Area">
Strider Wildlife Management Area

Strider Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Montgomery County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782799" title="Taylors Island Wildlife Management Area">
Taylors Island Wildlife Management Area

Taylors Island Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area near the community of Taylors Island on the Eastern Shore of the state of Maryland, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19782800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782800" title="Jan Mazur">
Jan Mazur

Jan Mazur (June 5, 1920 in Płoskie - September 26, 2008 in Siedlce) was the Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Siedlce from August 6, 1968 until his retirement on March 25, 1996. He remained the Biship Emeritus of Siedlce until his death in 2008 at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="19782801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782801" title="Cheltenham Wildlife Management Area">
Cheltenham Wildlife Management Area

Cheltenham Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Prince Georges County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782802" title="Warrior Mountain Wildlife Management Area">
Warrior Mountain Wildlife Management Area

Warrior Mountain Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Oldtown, Allegany County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782805" title="Wellington Wildlife Management Area">
Wellington Wildlife Management Area

Wellington Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Somerset County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782807" title="Dan's Mountain Wildlife Management Area">
Dan's Mountain Wildlife Management Area

Dan's Mountain Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Allegany County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782814" title="Gwynnbrook Wildlife Management Area">
Gwynnbrook Wildlife Management Area

Gwynnbrook Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Owings Mills, Baltimore County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782815" title="Heater's Island Wildlife Management Area">
Heater's Island Wildlife Management Area

Heater's Island Wildlife Management Area is a former Wildlife Management Area in Frederick County, Maryland. It has been subsumed into the larger Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19782817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782817" title="Le Compte Wildlife Management Area">
Le Compte Wildlife Management Area

Le Compte Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Dorchester County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782818" title="Earlville Wildlife Management Area">
Earlville Wildlife Management Area

Earlville Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Cecil County, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782832" title="Big Run State Park">
Big Run State Park

Big Run State Park is a 300-acre state park in Garrett County, Maryland. The park is surrounded by Savage River State Forest, and rests at the mouth of the Savage River Reservoir. The park is accessible on New Germany Road from Interstate 68, Exit 24.
Big Run State Park contains a unique ecosystem consisting of diverse animals and plants. Different assortments of flowering plants and trees are admired throughout the seasons. Varieties of bird species and mammals are seen within the forested areas and fresh water fishes are spotted in rivers and creeks. The Savage River Reservoir is home to native brook trout and other lake dwellers.
Recreational activities in the park include boating, fishing, picknicking and camping. Trails through Savage River State Forest, such as The Monroe Trail, are accessible within Big Run. There are volunteering opportunities and positions available for those interested. 
Savage River Reservoir.
Savage River Reservoir began to attract attention in 1948. It was built in 1952 and connects to the Savage River through the Savage River Dam.
Dimensions:
In 2007, operation of the Reservoir gates failed due to extensive corrosion. Around $3.9 million of Recovery Act funds were used to drain, repair and reopen the Reservoir dam in 2010. There has been a gradual recovery of what is now referred to as a "trophy area" for fishermen below the dam. Big Run has public facilities at the headwaters of the lake. In April 2009, Savage River Reservoir was named one of the top five Maryland Fishing Waters as well as one of the top 100 rivers by Trout Unlimited. Savage River below the dam is popular for canoeing competitions and is treasured for its clear water. 
The Savage River primarily flows into the Reservoir, providing fishing and paddling opportunities in a scenic, wilderness setting. Two boat launches located near the Reservoir dam provide convenient access. Fishermen can enjoy fishing for catfish, trout and bass. In 2008, a conducted population study resulted in the finding that there was an estimated 1,376 wild adult trout per mile in the river. The Reservoir holds the Rainbow Trout state record weighing in at 14 lbs. 3 oz. Savage River flows south to the Potomac River, where it drops 85 ft per mile. With this descent, it is favored by both fishermen and advanced paddlers. The Potomac River runs through Maryland, West Virginia and Virginia, and eventually dumps into the Chesapeake Bay.
Climate.
The climate in Big Run State Park is similar to mountain weather; cold winters accompanied by mild, humid summers. The park is located within the Western Appalachian Plateau, which gives rise to these colder temperatures. This type of weather guarantees great weather conditions for showshoeing during the winter, and breezy hiking days throughout the summer. The Savage River Reservoir rests in a canyon that experiences high winds, contributing to the weather changes. 
Ecology.
Wildlife.
Big Run has quite the variety of bird species that many park visitors are lucky enough to see and observe. Red-tailed hawk, broad-winged hawk,great-horned owl, screech owl, songbirds, indigo bunting and other forest interior dwellers can be spotted within Big Run. Black bear, bobcat, white-tailed deer and raccoon are just a few of the inhabiting mammals in the park. Depending on the season, grouse, great blue herons, minks and ducks may be seen along the Reservoir edge.
Flora.
Oak,hickory and native hardwood trees are seen throughout the forests in the park. Trout lilies and spring beauties bloom in April, while rhododendrons, bee balm and cardinal flowers bloom in July. In the fall, visitors can observe changes in the appearance of the native hardwood trees. It is possible to catch glimpses of trilliums and pink lady slippers in the months of May and June.
Recreation.
Camping, Picnicking and Trails.
Big Run State Park offers 29 primitive style campsites year round, each containing a picnic bench and a fire ring. Campsites 60 – 75 are wooded with stone dust camping pads, while campsites 78-90 are in an open grassy field. Big Run State Park also offers two group campsites, the Monroe Run pavilion and the youth group campsite. The Monroe Run Pavilion is a shelter that can accommodate up to 25 people and has three campsites attached to it. The pavilion is available by rental year round. The youth group campsite has a fire ring, picnic table, a central camping pad and a parking area along the road. This site can accommodate up to 40 youths and adults and is available by reservation. Picnic tables are available on a first come first serve basis. They are located in the park's day use area along Big Run Road at the Savage River Road intersection.
Boating & Fishing.
Big Run State Park is located on the north end of the Savage River Reservoir. The Reservoir is a popular location for non-motorized boating and fishing. At Big Run State Park there is a boat ramp between campsites 83 and 84. Only electric and non-motorized boats are permitted in the Reservoir. Fishing is allowed throughout the year except for a lake closure during the spring when trout stocking begins. A non-tidal fishing license is required. Fisherman may find walleye, largemouth bass, crappie, yellow perch, bluegill, suckers and trout. 
Trails.
The Monroe Trail is accessible through Big Run State Park and is strictly for hiking. However, there are numerous trails surrounding Big Run. Savage River State Forest has over 10 trails for multi-purpose use. The cold, snowy weather in the area is beneficial for those looking to snowshoe or snowmobile on these trails. 
Volunteer Opportunities in Big Run.
Volunteer opportunities are available within Big Run State Park. Volunteer Ranger positions can be applied for and filled after completing a few requirements. Ranger duties include: property maintenance, event and park assistance and answering questions about the park. 
Volunteer projects discussed with the Volunteer Coordinator at New Germany State Park can be created to fit both the needs of the park and the skills of the volunteers. Volunteer Photography of the park is encouraged in order to expand the knowledge of the views and sites. These photos can be submitted to become part of the park media. Photography for this purpose requires an application and a short training course. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782838" title="Cedarville State Forest">
Cedarville State Forest

Cedarville State Forest () is a state forest and protected area in the state of Maryland, near Brandywine, Cedarville, and Waldorf. It offers hiking trails, campsites (family, youth group, and equestrian), a fishing pond, hunting land, and picnic and recreation areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19782847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782847" title="Chapel Point State Park">
Chapel Point State Park

Chapel Point State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located on the Port Tobacco River, a tributary of the Potomac, in Charles County. The park offers fishing and hunting. In the early 20th century, Chapel Point had an amusement park with facilities for roller skating and social functions and played host to the first Charles County Fair.
Adjacent to the park, St. Ignatius Church and cemetery, the oldest continuous Roman Catholic parish in the United States, offers a scenic river view. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782854" title="Bill Burton Fishing Pier State Park">
Bill Burton Fishing Pier State Park

Bill Burton Fishing Pier State Park (formerly the Choptank River Fishing Pier) is a fishing pier and state park on the Choptank River in Trappe, Maryland. The park preserves the former Choptank River Bridge as a pier, and includes of land upriver from the pier in Talbot County.
The park was dedicated in 2011 in honor of Bill Burton, a long-time outdoors writer and fishing advocate for the Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19782856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782856" title="Doncaster Demonstration Forest">
Doncaster Demonstration Forest

Doncaster Demonstration Forest is a state park in the state of Maryland 
1,823 acres in Charles County. This forest serves as an educational resource where a variety of silvicultural practices, forest best management practices, and wildlife habitat management practices are implemented and studied.

</doc>
<doc id="19782861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782861" title="Elk Neck State Forest">
Elk Neck State Forest

Elk Neck State Forest belongs to the Maryland Department of Natural Resources and is managed by the Maryland Forest Service, and is adjacent to the town of North East, in Cecil County. It is often confused with Elk Neck State Park, which lies further south, near the end of the same peninsula.
The main entrance to the state forest (with a parking lot and office) runs north off of Irishtown Road. Other entrances, blocked by gates to deter vehicles, are located on Huminski Road and Starkey Lane. Visitors to the state forest who are not using the shooting-ranges can park for free. Users of the shooting-ranges need to acquire permits under a self-service honor-system.
This nature area, consisting of , provides hiking trails, hunting opportunities (during legally established hunting seasons), and ranges for archery and for handgun- and rifle-shooting. A portion of the Mason-Dixon Trail runs through this state forest. Although there is a reduced-size area-map of the state forest online, a larger, more detailed map (including Elk Neck State Park) can be purchased from the Maryland Dept. of Natural Resources.
Elk Neck State Forest is part of the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion. It contains wooded flatland, rolling hills, and marshlands. Plum Creek and Plum Creek Pond form an important water-feature in the south-central area.
The primary, wide, gravel roads within the state forest—labeled as Trails 1, 2, and 3 -- allow limited vehicle traffic (starting from the main entrance, where Trail 1 begins). These forest roads are flanked by thick woods (mixed deciduous trees and evergreens) and provide entrances (for hikers) into some forest-trails. There are small parking areas along these roads, as well as several marked small meadows with blind hunting structures, including one for handicapped hunters. The northwestern corner of Trail 1, in particular, is the location of the shooting ranges.

</doc>
<doc id="19782865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782865" title="Fort Tonoloway State Park">
Fort Tonoloway State Park

Fort Tonoloway State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located near present day Hancock. Fort Tonoloway was a frontier fort built in 1755 by Lt. Thomas Stoddert and men from the Maryland State Militia. The fort was also known as Stoddert's Fort. It was abandoned in 1756 when Fort Frederick was constructed.
The state park was at one time leased to the Boy Scouts. It is awaiting archaeological investigation before its use as a recreational facility can be assessed.

</doc>
<doc id="19782871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782871" title="Garrett State Forest">
Garrett State Forest

Garrett State Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland. 
The forest was formerly known as "Swallow Falls State Forest".

</doc>
<doc id="19782874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782874" title="Green Ridge State Forest">
Green Ridge State Forest

Green Ridge State Forest is a state forest in Western Maryland. Approximately in size, it is situated along Green Ridge and Town Hill in eastern Allegany County.
Camping, hiking, biking, fishing, and boating are all permitted in Green Ridge State Forest. Hunting is also permitted in the forest, and is the most common use.
There are many scenic overlooks, and relaxing spots along the Potomac River. The right of way of the abandoned Western Maryland Railway weaves in and out of the Green Ridge with numerous tunnels (Stickpile and Kesslers) and several massive bridges crossing the Potomac. The Green Ridge was the site of the former Mertens Apple Orchards, which were the largest orchards in the world in 1900. Nearby Hancock, Maryland is still the largest apple-producing area of Maryland. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal parallels the Potomac River on the southern boundary of the Green Ridge Forest while Interstate 68 is considered for all practical purposes to be the northern boundary of the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19782875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782875" title="Greenbrier State Park">
Greenbrier State Park

Greenbrier State Park is a Maryland state park on South Mountain in Washington County. The park is operated and maintained by the Maryland Park Service under the authority of the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.
Activities and amenities.
The park has a visitor center which is open year-round, and a nature center which is open during the summer.
Park activities include camping, fishing, boat launch and rentals, swimming, hiking, picnicking, mountain biking and hunting.
Trails.
Greenbrier State Park contains 10 maintained trails: Bartman Hill Trail, Big Red Trail, Camp Loop Trail, Copperhead Trail, Green Trail, Marked Mile, Rock Oak Fire Trail, Snelling Fire Trail, Water Tank Trail, and Yellow Trail. Trail difficulties range from easy to strenuous, and lengths range from to . All trails are open to hikers, and most are open to mountain bikes.
In addition, the Appalachian Trail crosses a corner of the park and can be accessed from the Bartman Hill Trail.
Greenbrier Lake.
Fully contained within the park is Greenbrier Lake, a 42-acre man-made freshwater lake. The lake has a 1,000 foot beach, with a swim area that gradually reaches a depth of 6 feet.
Fishing for trout, bass, or bluegill is permitted on the lake, with a state-issued license required for those 16 or older.
Wildlife.
Animals that live in Greenbrier State Park include deer, foxes, squirrels, skunks, raccoons, black bears, frogs, snakes, turtles, fish, and birds.
In 1995, two rare albino deer were spotted in the park.
In 2008, the park received a federal grant for $130,000 to build concrete culverts that would allow box turtles to safely cross Keadle Road within the park. The pilot program is the first of its kind in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19782881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782881" title="Greenwell State Park">
Greenwell State Park

Greenwell State Park is a Maryland state park located on the Patuxent River in St. Mary's County. The property includes the historic Rosedale Manor House and features hiking/equestrian/cycling trails, fishing, picnicking, hunting, swimming, and canoeing and kayaking.

</doc>
<doc id="19782884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782884" title="Hart-Miller Island State Park, Maryland">
Hart-Miller Island State Park, Maryland

Hart-Miller Island State Park is an island state park in Maryland. It is located in the Chesapeake Bay near the mouth of Middle River. The park is accessible only by boat and features a sandy beach. The area—at the time comprising three islands—Hart, Miller, and Pleasure—with a total land surface of —was acquired by the state in the late 1970s. A dike was built joining Hart and Miller islands into Hart Miller Island in 1983, and the subsequent containment area was filled with Baltimore harbor approach dredge material from the Patapsco River over the next 20 years. Pleasure Island was the location of the New Bay Shore amusement park from the late 1940s until it was shut down in the mid-1960s due to excessive storm damage.

</doc>
<doc id="19782886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782886" title="Janes Island State Park">
Janes Island State Park

Janes Island State Park is a Maryland state park located on the Chesapeake Bay in Somerset County. Parklands feature a saltmarsh, water trails, and isolated pristine beaches.

</doc>
<doc id="19782888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782888" title="Jonas Green State Park">
Jonas Green State Park

Jonas Green Park is a former Maryland state park now owned and operated by Anne Arundel County. Located on the Severn River in Annapolis at 1990 Governor Ritchie Highway, at the end of the Baltimore & Annapolis Trail, it was established on June 6, 2009, and offers a visitors center, a cartop boat launch site, environmental plantings, and a fishing pier. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782897" title="Martinak State Park">
Martinak State Park

Martinak State Park is a state park in the state of Maryland, located on the Choptank River and Watts Creek in Caroline County. It features fishing, campsites, boating access, hiking trails, playground, shelters and a nature center.

</doc>
<doc id="19782901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782901" title="Richmond Theological Institute">
Richmond Theological Institute

Richmond Theological Institute had its beginnings in November 1865 when the American Baptist Home Mission Society (ABHMS) sponsored Joseph Getchell Binney, formerly of Columbian College in Washington, DC, and later of Karen Theological Seminary in Rangoon, Burma, in a short-lived class in Richmond, VA for theological training of African-Americans.
Around the same time, the National Theological Institute of Washington, DC was forming schools for ministerial training of freedmen in Washington and Augusta, GA. They sponsored Nathaniel Colver to form a school in Richmond, VA, which commenced in Lumpkin's jail, formerly a slave trading facility, in late 1867. Robert Ryland was hired as an instructor the first year. Both Dr. Colver and Dr. Ryland resigned after one year, and in 1868, Charles Henry Corey was transferred from the Augusta Institute (which was later to become Morehouse College) and commenced classes in October. At the recommendation of Dr. Ryland, a female instructor was hired at half the pay he had received. The school took the name "Colver Institute" in 1869. In 1870, the National Theological Institute was absorbed by the ABHMS, which carried on its work in Augusta and Richmond, and merged operations in Washington into its Wayland Seminary.

</doc>
<doc id="19782902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782902" title="Merkle Wildlife Sanctuary and Visitor's Center">
Merkle Wildlife Sanctuary and Visitor's Center

Merkle Wildlife Sanctuary and Visitor's Center is a wildlife refuge in Upper Marlboro, Maryland that is operated by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources. The site encompasses 1,670 acres and is a wintering ground and breeding area for Canada geese.
The Frank Oslislo Visitors Center is open on weekends and features exhibits about the life history and management of the Canada Goose and area natural history, as well as some live reptiles and amphibians. 
There is a five-mile Critical Area Driving Tour.
Hiking trails are:
- Poplar Springs Trail (2.3 miles)
- Mounds Trail (2.3 miles) 
- Paw Paw Trail (1.2 miles)

</doc>
<doc id="19782910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782910" title="Morgan Run Natural Environment Area">
Morgan Run Natural Environment Area

Morgan Run Natural Environment Area is a protected area in the state of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782914" title="Mount Nebo State Forest">
Mount Nebo State Forest

Mount Nebo State Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782917" title="Palmer State Park">
Palmer State Park

Palmer State Park is a largely undeveloped Maryland state park located in Harford County. The parklands include a stretch of Deer Creek and historic industrial sites including remnants of the Husband Flint Mill and Deer Creek Iron Works. The heavily forested area is open to canoeing, fishing, and hiking although there are no maintained trails or launch spots.

</doc>
<doc id="19782922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782922" title="Patuxent River State Park">
Patuxent River State Park

Patuxent River State Park is a state park in the state of Maryland located along the upper reaches of the Patuxent River in Howard and Montgomery counties. The park features hunting, fishing, hiking and horseback riding. It is part of the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion.

</doc>
<doc id="19782924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782924" title="Potomac-Garrett State Forest">
Potomac-Garrett State Forest

Potomac-Garrett State Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782925" title="Purse State Park">
Purse State Park

Purse State Park is a state park in Charles County, Maryland, United States. It is located on the freshwater-tidal (estuarine) Potomac River along Wades Bay. The undeveloped park features hunting, fishing, hiking, bird watching, and fossil hunting. Fossil discoveries have included shark teeth and Cibicides.

</doc>
<doc id="19782927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782927" title="Rosaryville State Park">
Rosaryville State Park

Rosaryville State Park is a Maryland state park in Rosaryville, three miles southeast of the Joint Base Andrews Naval Air Facility (formerly Andrews Air Force Base) in Prince George's County. The park includes the restored Mount Airy Mansion, which is operated as an event facility, as well as hiking, biking and equestrian trails for day-use.
History.
The Calvert family.
Benedict Swingate Calvert, (c.1730-1788), son of Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore, lived at Mount Airy, and died there on January 9, 1788. Calvert was a politician and planter in colonial Maryland. Mount Airy was most likely a gift from his father, Lord Baltimore, who had ensured that Calvert would be provided with lands and revenues, and Mount Airy had originally been a hunting lodge for Charles Calvert, 3rd Baron Baltimore. Calvert began construction of his house, which still survives, in 1751.
In 1774, Calvert's daughter Eleanor Calvert (1758–1811), married John Parke Custis, son of Martha Washington and the stepson of George Washington. Washington himself did not approve of the match owing to the couple's youth, but eventually gave his consent, and was present at the wedding celebrations, which took place at Mount Airy.
Benedict Swingate Calvert died at Mount Airy on January 9, 1788. He was buried beneath the chancel of the church of St Thomas in Croom, Prince George's County, Maryland, a church which Calvert had helped to found and maintain. His wife died ten years later, in 1798.
Benedict Calvert's second son Edward Henry Calvert, who was born on November 7, 1766, then inherited the estate. He married on March 1, 1796, and died on July 12, 1846. He left the estate to his widow, who died on March 26, 1857. On her death the estate, by this time reduced to around , was to be divided among her children. Two of her children were the last Calvert owners. After the death of "Old Miss Eleanor" the house and its contents were sold at auction.
Twentieth century.
Matilda Duvall purchased the property in 1902, ending the Calvert family's hereditary ownership. Renamed as Dower House, it became a country inn until a fire in 1931 reduced the building to only its masonry walls. The ruins were purchased and restored by socialite Cissy Patterson, the publisher of the "Washington Times-Herald", who entertained presidents and other important persons here. She in turn bequeathed the property to Ann Bowie Smith, and it was from her family that the State of Maryland purchased Mt. Airy, in 1973, to add it to Rosaryville State Park. It is operated as an event facility by a private concessionaire, Pineapple Alley Catering.

</doc>
<doc id="19782930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782930" title="Savage River State Forest">
Savage River State Forest

Savage River State Forest is located in the north and northeastern part of Garrett County. The state forest has many waterways, including Savage River Reservoir, which was built in 1952 by the U.S. Army. The dam was built as an emergency water supply for Washington, D.C. Savage River State Forest is known for its hunting, fishing, camping, and hiking trails.
Savage River State Forest is mostly located on the eastern side of the Eastern Continental Divide, which means that most of its waterways will eventually lead to the Potomac River and thus the Chesapeake Bay. But some of its waterways flow into the Youghiogheny River.
History.
In 1800, there were roughly 1000 settlers who lived in Garrett County. But cheap land, improved transportation and growth along the eastern seaboard led to a settlement boom. The national road was completed in 1818 and the rail road arrived in 1852. The transportation system better connected the resource rich Garrett County to the growth needs of the east. Increased quantities of lumber, coal and wheat were shipped east.
By the early 1900s, narrow gauge railroads were used to facilitate logging on steeper slopes as the demand for wood products continued to increase. The result was that Garrett County was heavily cut-over, essentially clear cut, within a 20 year period. The train engines frequently caused forest fires in the tops and slash that were left from the clear-cutting. As a result of the fires, a new forest was created. This legacy we can see today as most of our older forests are the same age and are approximately 100 years old.
In part, as a reaction to the rapid cutting of trees and the burning that was taking place, the Garrett Brothers, in 1906 gave 2000 acres to the state with the proviso that an agency would be created to manage the property and to institute scientific forestry- this led to the birth of the Maryland Forest Service. The rapid exploitation of the forests came to an end by the 1930s and logging companies moved west or converted to coal mining. The early efforts of the MD Forest Service were primarily fire suppression.
On January 8, 1929, the state purchased 9,352 acres of cut-over forest land from the N.U. Bond Company. This was the beginning of Savage River State Forest. Since that time there has been a number of acquisitions both big and small. Now Savage River State Forest consists of 54,324 acres.
In the 1930s, the Civilian Conservation Corps assisted the forest service with fire suppression efforts, tree planting, and constructing facilities for recreational activities. The CCC boys helped with the early snow skiing activities on the forest – later to become New Germany State Park. They helped build many trails where hiking, biking, horseback riding, and ORV riding are still taking place.
The Forest.
The Savage River State Forest covers approximately 54,324 acres of land in Garrett County (40 acres are in Allegany County). Mature mixed oak and northern hardwood forests comprise a large proportion of the Savage River State Forest. In general, sixty-six percent of the area is composed of older, more mature forests, while thirty-four percent are younger and smaller.
Old Growth.
Old growth forests have generally been defined as forests in existence since pre-settlement times and lacking any significant Euro-American disturbance. The definition can differ according to climatic and eco-regional perspectives and the growth characteristics of specific native forest systems. In Maryland, an old growth forest is defined as a minimum of five acres in size with a preponderance of old trees, of which the oldest trees exceed at least half of the projected maximum attainable age for that species, and that exhibits most of the following characteristics:
It is also important to recognize that old-growth forests are not static and may not be a permanent fixture on the landscape. The forests and trees within and around them change continuously. This would be true even if human influence could be eliminated. All forests, including old-growth, succumb to natural, destructive disturbances and regenerate over time. A functional old-growth ecosystem includes the loss of old trees due to natural disturbances and the death of old trees. An old-growth system is not static, nor is it always dominated by old trees. Natural processes dictate the age composition at any time. The important factor in this process is that the trees have the opportunity to reach old age if natural disturbances do not intercede.
Forest Production.
"Savage River State Forest has been managed for industrial forest production for decades, and has been a major contributor to the region’s forest products industry. Numerous sawmills and New Page paper mill operations provide outlets for timber from local forests. Savage River State Forest makes up about 19.0% of the productive forests in the Garrett County area. However Potomac-Garrett State Forest is managed in a similar manner as Savage River State Forest and these two state properties comprise almost 25.4% of forest in the county."
Watershed.
"The Savage River State Forest is located within six (6) of Maryland’s 8-digit watersheds. Those watersheds are Savage River, Upper North Branch of the Potomac and George’s Creek in the Chesapeake Bay Drainage and Casselman River, Youghiogheny River and Deep Creek Lake in the Ohio River. The majority of Savage River State Forest is located within the Savage River watershed (57.8%) with smaller amounts in George’s Creek (12.7%), Casselman River (17.9%) and Youghiogheny River (10.7%) watersheds. Very small amounts of the State Forest are located in Deep Creek Lake (0.4%) and Upper North Branch of the Potomac (0.6%) watersheds."
Wildlife Species.
"Maryland first began licensing hunters in 1916, with hunting license sales peaking at 180,000 in the early 1970’s. Sales have since declined to about 135,000 now and today a smaller fraction (3-4%) of Maryland residents hunt. Maryland hunters are mostly males, who live in urban settings, between the ages of 30-49 years of age. Residents of Baltimore County bought 11.9% of licenses sold statewide. Residents from the five lower shore counties accounted for 9.7% of hunting licenses sold statewide."
"The majority of the Savage River State Forest acreage is open for public hunting, with the exception of safety zones and other similar areas. Hunting opportunities are primarily for white-tailed deer, but other species, depending upon the site, include bear, turkey and upland birds."
"There are more than 40 species of game animals that occur in Garrett County. Hunting has been a time honored tradition that continues to provide recreation, food, and quality of life in Garrett County. The large amounts of public land in the county makes it a popular destination for non-resident hunters and those from more urban areas where there is little hunting opportunity. The most popular species of game animals continue to provide for most hunter recreation days in Garrett County."
White-tailed Deer
"During the 2009-10 hunting season, Garrett County had the seventh highest reported deer harvest in the state. This is significant considering that most counties have a much more liberal bag limit and therefore, higher harvest potential. The reported harvest for Garrett County during the 2009-10 hunting season was a total of 4,922 deer."
Black Bear
"In October 2004, DNR implemented Maryland’s first bear-hunting season in 51 years. Subsequent hunts have been held each year since. DNR established a harvest quota targeting an approximate 8 to 12% harvest mortality. This was based on the objective of achieving 20 to 25% overall mortality (seasonal + non-seasonal mortality). Harvest quotas have ranged from 30 to 85 bears between 2004 and 2009. The harvest range for the 2010 season has been set at 65 – 90 bears."
In May and June 2005, DNR conducted western Maryland’s most recent black bear population survey. A DNA-based mark-recapture study was conducted across Garrett and Allegany counties. A similar study had been conducted in 2000. The results of the DNA analysis were entered into Program MARK which yielded a population estimate of 362 adult and subadult bears across the study area. The 95% CI ranged between 242 and 482 animals.
Wild Turkey
"In Garrett County the turkey season is split with both a spring and a fall season. It is estimated that over 10,000 hunters pursue turkeys during the spring season statewide. Garrett County ranked number one in harvested turkeys in 2010 with 345 birds reported (about 12% of the total statewide harvest)."
Migratory Birds of Special Concern.
Waterfowl Associated with Wetlands
"Important waterfowl areas occur throughout Garrett County. Bottomland hardwood floodplains, beaver impoundments, lakes, farm ponds, and wooded wetlands serve as wood duck, mallard, teal and black duck habitat."
American Woodcock
"Spring 'singing ground' surveys coordinated by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service suggest that American woodcock numbers have been declining by an average of 1.9 percent per year since these surveys were started in 1968. However, population estimates are stable over the most recent 10-year period. Most woodcock biologists suspect that alterations of habitat, losses to development and changes due to maturation of abandoned farmland are the cause of the population decline. Woodcock use areas of State River State Forest as breeding and wintering habitat. Woodcock prefer moist soil areas with dense seedling/sapling cover and rich humus layers because earthworms, their primary food, are most plentiful in these habitats. State Forest lands are important to woodcock as breeding and nesting areas."
Fish Species of Special Concern.
Brook Trout
"Brook trout are Maryland’s only native freshwater trout species. Brook trout in Maryland are valuable for aesthetic, recreational, economic, and biological reasons. Because of their habitat and life history requirements, brook trout are typically found in the pristine, aesthetically pleasant areas of Maryland. While there is no commercial fishery for brook trout, recreational angling has been occurring for centuries, and there is increasing local and national recognition of the uniqueness and quality of fishing for native brook trout. Anthropogenic alterations to Maryland’s environment over the last several centuries, including clear cutting of forests, establishment of large agricultural areas, and urbanization have resulted in the extirpation of brook trout from 62% of their historic habitat in Maryland. Of the remaining 151 populations, more than half are found in Garrett County, the westernmost, mountainous, and least developed area of Maryland. The vast majority (82%) of the remaining populations are classified as 'greatly reduced,' meaning that within the sub-watersheds where they occur they occupy only 1% to 10% of the area that was historically inhabited. A major difficulty in managing the brook trout resource is that only 11% of all brook trout streams and stream miles are fully within state lands, the vast majority of habitat is on private land and a mix of private/public lands. Of the immediate threats to brook trout populations in Maryland, urbanization is the most serious. In watersheds where human land use exceeds 18%, brook trout populations cannot survive and if impervious su rface area is greater than 0.5% in a watershed, brook trout will typically be extirpated. There are also long-term threats, of which global warming is the most serious. Current predictions indicate that warming water temperatures over the next 100 years could eliminate brook trout populations statewide except for western Maryland (Garrett County) by the year 2100."
Geography.
Savage River State Forest is located on the East-central edge of the Allegheny Mountain region of the Appalachian Plateau in the Appalachian Mountains. To the West is Deep Creek Lake State Park, Swallow Falls State Park, and Garrett State Forest; to the North is New Germany State Park and Casselman River Bridge State Park; to the East is Dan’s Mountain State Park; to the South is Potomac State Forest; and Big Run State Park is located within the forest’s grounds. Nearby notable mountains include Backbone Mountain, Big Savage Mountain, Conway Hill, Elder Hill, George Mountain, Lewis Knob, Little Mountain, Little Savage Mountain, Marsh Hill, Meadow Mountain, Negro Mountain, Rich Hill, Roman Nose Mountain, Snaggy Hill, Whites Knob, and Zehner Hill.
Soil.
Despite the streams and valleys that run through much of the forest, most of the soils are acidic and naturally low in plant nutrients such as nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus. The soil is often steep and stony and is ideally suited for woodlands, wildlife habitat, and recreation. Water drainage is often stunted; locally called “glades” (poorly drained areas) are abundant throughout the Forest and surrounding region. Peat covers most of the ground, reaching up to 9 feet deep at some points.
Biodiversity.
The many streams that run through Savage River State Forest serves as habitat for many types of rare and/or endangered species, such as: Johnny darter, striped shiner, mottled sculpin, stonecat, brook trout and hellbender. The brook trout population in Savage River state Forest is among the healthiest in Maryland and Stonecats have only been found in the Casselman River that runs to Pennsylvania. Non-native species have also been found in the watersheds of the grounds, such as the fathead minnow, brown trout, rainbow trout, smallmouth bass, rock bass, pumpkinseed, and bluegill.
Larger wildlife includes white-tailed deer, black bears, wild turkey, ruffed grouse, and various small furbearing mammals such as canids, opossums, rodents, and skunks. Additionally, birds that populate the area include wood ducks, mallards, teal and black ducks, woodcocks, and neo-tropical migratory birds.
Recreation.
Savage River State Forest has over 54,000 acres for many recreational activities. There are biking trails, boat launches, cross country skiing, campsites, fishing, flat water canoeing, hiking trails, hunting, picnics, snowmobiling, and white water canoeing.
Trails.
There are ten trails at Savage River State Forest. It is recommended that trail users should wear blaze orange during hunting season.
Hunting, Trapping and Fishing.
Savage River State Forest is one of the most used public lands for hunting. White-tailed deer is the most common species hunted in the forest and throughout the state. "A recent survey sponsored by the Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies found that deer hunting in 2006 generated over $113 million in retail sales, with a total multiplier effect of over $190 million contributed to Maryland’s economy. Deer hunting in Maryland supports nearly 2,300 jobs and generates $71 million in salaries, wages, and business owner’s income, $15 million in state and local tax revenue, and $16 million in federal tax revenue."
"Hunting with rifles, handguns, shotguns, bows and muzzleloaders are permitted in all designated areas in accordance with state and federal laws. Possession or use of weapons is prohibited in State Forests outside of regular hunting seasons. Target shooting is prohibited except at the rifle range. All game birds and game mammals with open seasons may be hunted. Tree stands or blinds are limited to those of a temporary nature, which must be removed or dismantled at the end of each day. The hunting season in State Forests conforms to standard hunting seasons adopted by state and federal regulations."
A rifle range, located on New Germany Road, provides opportunity to target practice and for sighting in firearms prior to the hunting season.
Trapping on portions of the Savage River State Forest for furbearers is permitted through the issuance of a trapping permit.
Savage River State Forest offers many fishing areas in the Savage River Reservoir, and the tail waters that follow. The river is stocked 5-6 times per year and is usually stocked with trout. Some of the species of fish you can catch at Savage River include, large and small mouth bass, trout, yellow perch, blue gill, pickerel, musky and many more.
Hiking, Biking, Horseback Riding, Nature Observation and Off Road Vehicles.
Savage River State Forest offers an extensive forest road system for hiking, biking, horseback rising, and observing nature.
Water Access for Canoeing, Kayaking.
Savage River offers white water rafting, flat-water boating, and canoeing. No gasoline motors are allowed on the reservoir.
Camping.
Savage River State Forest currently has 72 campsites. Designated camping areas include Big Run Road, Savage River Road, Westernport Road (Elk Lick), Blue Lick Road, Poplar Lick Trail, and Whitewater sites. If you do not want to stay at one the camping sites you are allowed to backcountry backpack, with a pass, throughout the entire forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19782932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782932" title="Seth Demonstration Forest">
Seth Demonstration Forest

Seth Demonstration Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19782935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782935" title="Smallwood State Park">
Smallwood State Park

Smallwood State Park is a state park near Marbury, Maryland. It is located at Sweden Point on Mattawoman Creek. It includes a restored plantation home, Smallwood's Retreat, home of General William Smallwood. The park features a marina, boat launching ramps, nature center, picnicking area, 15 campsites, camper cabins, pavilions, a recycled tire playground, and nature trails.

</doc>
<doc id="19782943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782943" title="Somers Cove Marina">
Somers Cove Marina

Somers Cove Marina is a marina owned by the state of Maryland and governed by a seven member Commission. It is located in Crisfield, Somerset County. 37°58.6 N, 75°51.9 W
The perfect marina for boating, sailing and fishing on the Chesapeake Bay and the Tangier and Pocomoke Sounds. Home to charter boats, head boats, bait & tackle, and stainless steel fish-cleaning stations. This 515 slip marina offers access to many of Somerset County's finest attractions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782945" title="South Mountain State Park">
South Mountain State Park

South Mountain State Park is a state park in Washington and Frederick counties in Maryland. The park encompasses nearly the entire length of South Mountain through Maryland and is contiguous with several other national, state and local parks on the mountain, including the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal National Historical Park, Gathland State Park, Washington Monument State Park, Greenbrier State Park and Pen Mar County Park (Washington County). Maryland's section of the Appalachian Trail traverses the length of the park. The park also contains part of the South Mountain Battlefield. Camping is permitted at six shelters and three backpackers campgrounds off the AT. The park also has two hunting areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782946" title="Osipkov–Merritt model">
Osipkov–Merritt model

Osipkov–Merritt models (named for Leonid Osipkov and David Merritt) are mathematical representations of spherical stellar systems (galaxies, star clusters, globular clusters etc.). The Osipkov-Merritt formula generates a one-parameter family of phase-space distribution functions that reproduce a specified density profile (representing stars) in a specified gravitational potential (in which the stars move). The density and potential need not be self-consistently related. 
A free parameter adjusts the degree of velocity anisotropy, from isotropic to completely radial motions. The method is a generalization of Eddington's formula for constructing isotropic spherical models. 
The method was derived independently by its two eponymous discoverers. The latter derivation includes two additional families of models (Type IIa, b) with tangentially anisotropic motions.
Derivation.
According to Jeans's theorem, the phase-space density of stars "f" must be expressible in terms of the isolating integrals of motion, which in a spherical stellar system are the energy "E" and the angular momentum "J". The Osipkov-Merritt "ansatz" is
where "ra", the "anisotropy radius", is a free parameter. This "ansatz" implies that "f" is constant on spheroids in velocity space since
where "v"r, "v"t are velocity components parallel and perpendicular to the radius vector "r" and Φ("r") is the gravitational potential.
The density "ρ" is the integral over velocities of "f":
which can be written
or
This equation has the form of an Abel integral equation and can be inverted to give "f" in terms of "ρ":
Properties.
Following a derivation similar to the one above, the velocity dispersions in an Osipkov–Merritt model satisfy
The motions are nearly radial (formula_8) for formula_9 and nearly isotropic (formula_10) for formula_11. This is a desirable feature, since stellar systems that form via gravitational collapse have isotropic cores and radially-anisotropic envelopes. 
If "ra" is assigned too small a value, "f" may be negative for some "Q". This is a consequence of the fact that spherical mass models can not always be reproduced by purely radial orbits. Since the number of stars on an orbit can not be negative, values of "ra" that generate negative "f"'s are unphysical. This result can be used to constrain the maximum degree of anisotropy of spherical galaxy models.
In his 1985 paper, Merritt defined two additional families of models ("Type II") that have isotropic cores and tangentially anisotropic envelopes. Both families assume 
In Type IIa models, the orbits become completely circular at "r=ra" and remain so at all larger radii.
In Type IIb models, stars beyond "ra" move on orbits of various eccentricities, although the motion is always biased toward circular. In both families, the tangential velocity dispersion undergoes a jump as "r" increases past "ra".
Carollo "et al." (1995) derive many observable properties of Type I Osipkov–Merritt models.
Applications.
Typical applications of Osipkov–Merritt models include:
-- modelling of star clusters, galaxies, dark matter halos and galaxy clusters;
-- constructing anisotropic galaxy models for studies of dynamical instabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19782949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782949" title="Wills Mountain State Park">
Wills Mountain State Park

Wills Mountain State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located near Cumberland in Allegany County. According to the Land Preservation and Recreation Plan 2009, the parcel is "virtually inaccessible" and "sensitive" with "no uses...official or informal." The site overlooks the Cumberland Narrows.

</doc>
<doc id="19782950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782950" title="St. Mary's River State Park">
St. Mary's River State Park

St. Mary's River State Park is a Maryland state park located in California, Maryland. The park consists of two sites: one encompasses the St. Mary's Lake; the second covers and is largely undeveloped. The park features picnicking, a boat launch, boating (electric motor only), flat water canoeing, fishing, and hunting. A trail around St. Mary's Lake is used for hiking, horseback riding, and mountain biking.

</doc>
<doc id="19782952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782952" title="Tuckahoe State Park">
Tuckahoe State Park

Tuckahoe State Park is a state park along Tuckahoe Creek in Caroline County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. The park features hiking, biking, and equestrian trails as well as picnicking, camping, cabins, flat-water canoeing, hunting, a disc golf course, and a recycled-tire playground for children.
Adkins Arboretum, a garden and preserve maintaining over 600 native plant species, occupies 400 acres of the park. The arboretum provides classes to the public in horticulture, ecology and natural history.
Resident who felt the quiet, rural nature of the park was threatened spoke out against a military training facility that was proposed to be built nearby in 2009, and plans for it were scrapped in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19782956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782956" title="Stoney Demonstration Forest">
Stoney Demonstration Forest

Stoney Demonstration Forest is a state forest located in Aberdeen, Maryland. The forest serves as an educational resource, the main objective of which is to teach silviculture, forest management, and wildlife habitat management practices to students and landowners. 

</doc>
<doc id="19782962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782962" title="Antônio Sarto">
Antônio Sarto

Antônio Sarto (February 27, 1926 – September 29, 2008) was the Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Barra do Garças from his appointment on March 25, 1982, by Pope John Paul II until his retirement on May 23, 2001. He remained Bishop Emeritus of Barra do Garças until his death on September 29, 2008, at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="19782967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782967" title="Breast cancer classification">
Breast cancer classification

Breast cancer classification divides breast cancer into categories according to different schemes, each based on different criteria and serving a different purpose. The major categories are the histopathological type, the grade of the tumor, the stage of the tumor, and the expression of proteins and genes. As knowledge of cancer cell biology develops these classifications are updated.
The purpose of classification is to select the best treatment. The effectiveness of a specific treatment is demonstrated for a specific breast cancer (usually by randomized, controlled trials). That treatment may not be effective in a different breast cancer. Some breast cancers are aggressive and life-threatening, and must be treated with aggressive treatments that have major adverse effects. Other breast cancers are less aggressive and can be treated with less aggressive treatments, such as lumpectomy.
U
Treatment algorithms rely on breast cancer classification to define specific subgroups that are each treated according to the best evidence available. Classification aspects must be carefully tested and validated, such that confounding effects are minimized, making them either true prognostic factors, which estimate disease outcomes such as disease-free or overall survival in the absence of therapy, or true predictive factors, which estimate the likelihood of response or lack of response to a specific treatment.
Classification of breast cancer is usually, but not always, primarily based on the histological appearance of tissue in the tumor. A variant from this approach, defined on the basis of physical exam findings, is that inflammatory breast cancer (IBC), a form of ductal carcinoma or malignant cancer in the ducts, is distinguished from other carcinomas by the inflamed appearance of the affected breast, which correlates with increased cancer aggressivity.
Schemes or aspects.
Overview.
Breast cancers can be classified by different schemata. Each of these aspects influences treatment response and prognosis. Description of a breast cancer would optimally include all of these classification aspects, as well as other findings, such as signs found on physical exam. A full classification includes histopathological type, grade, stage (TNM), receptor status, and the presence or absence of genes as determined by DNA testing:
Histopathology.
Histopathologic classification is based upon characteristics seen upon light microscopy of biopsy specimens. The three most common histopathological types collectively represent approximately three-quarters of breast cancers:
The overall 5-year survival rate for both invasive ductal carcinoma and invasive lobular carcinoma was approximately 85% in 2003. Ductal carcinoma in situ, on the other hand, is in itself harmless, although if untreated approximately 60% of these low grade DCIS lesions will become invasive over the course of 40 years in follow-up.
WHO classification.
The 2003 World Health Organization (WHO) classification of tumors of the breast which includes benign (harmless) tumors and malignant (cancerous) tumors, recommends the following pathological types:
Invasive breast carcinomas
(Other well-accepted subtypes of metaplastic mammary carcinoma thought to have clinical significance but not included in the decade old WHO classification:
Mesenchymal tumors (including sarcoma)
Tumors of the male breast
Malignant lymphoma
Metastatic tumors to the breast from other places in the body
Precursor lesions
Benign epithelial lesions
Myoepithelial lesions
Fibroepithelial tumours
Benign tumors of the nipple
Malignant tumors of the nipple
Grade.
The grading of a cancer in the breast depends on the microscopic similarity of breast cancer cells to normal breast tissue, and classifies the cancer as well differentiated (low grade), moderately differentiated (intermediate grade), and poorly differentiated (high grade), reflecting progressively less normal appearing cells that have a worsening prognosis. Although grading is fundamentally based on how biopsied, cultured cells behave, in practice the grading of a given cancer is derived by assessing the cellular appearance of the tumor. The closer the appearance of the cancer cells to normal cells, the slower their growth and the better the prognosis. If cells are not well differentiated, they will appear immature, will divide more rapidly, and will tend to spread. Well differentiated is given a grade of 1, moderate is grade 2, while poor or undifferentiated is given a higher grade of 3 or 4 (depending upon the scale used).
The Nottingham (also called Elston-Ellis) modification of the Scarff-Bloom-Richardson grading system, is recommended, which grades breast carcinomas by adding up scores for tubule formation, nuclear pleomorphism, and mitotic count, each of which is given 1 to 3 points. The scores for each of these three criteria are then added together to give an overall final score and corresponding grade as follows.
The grading criteria are as follows:
Tubule formation.
This parameter assesses what percent of the tumor forms normal duct structures. In cancer, there is a breakdown of the mechanisms that cells use to attach to each other and communicate with each other, to form tissues such as ducts, so the tissue structures become less orderly.
Note: The overall appearance of the tumor has to be considered.
Nuclear pleomorphism.
This parameter assesses whether the cell nuclei are uniform like those in normal breast duct epithelial cells, or whether they are larger, darker, or irregular (pleomorphic). In cancer, the mechanisms that control genes and chromosomes in the nucleus break down, and irregular nuclei and pleomorphic changes are signs of abnormal cell reproduction.
Note: The cancer areas having cells with the greatest cellular abnormalities should be evaluated.
Mitotic count.
This parameter assesses how many mitotic figures (dividing cells) the pathologist sees in 10x high power microscope field. One of the hallmarks of cancer is that cells divide uncontrollably. The more cells that are dividing, the worse the cancer.
Note: Mitotic figures are counted only at the periphery of the tumor, and counting should begin in the most mitotically active areas.
Overall grade.
The scores for each of these three criteria are added together to give a final overall score and a corresponding grade as follows:
Lower grade tumors, with a more favorable prognosis, can be treated less aggressively, and have a better survival rate. Higher grade tumors are treated more aggressively, and their intrinsically worse survival rate may warrant the adverse effects of more aggressive medications.
Stage.
Staging is the process of determining how much cancer there is in the body and where it is located. The underlying purpose of staging is to describe the extent or severity of an individual's cancer, and to bring together cancers that have similar prognosis and treatment. Staging of breast cancer is one aspect of breast cancer classification that assists in making appropriate treatment choices, when considered along with other classification aspects such as estrogen receptor and progesterone receptor levels in the cancer tissue, the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2/neu) status, menopausal status, and the person's general health.
Staging information that is obtained prior to surgery, for example by mammography, x-rays and CT scans, is called clinical staging and staging by surgery is known as pathological staging.
Pathologic staging is more accurate than clinical staging, but clinical staging is the first and sometimes the only staging type. For example, if clinical staging reveals stage IV disease, extensive surgery may not be not helpful, and (appropriately) incomplete pathological staging information will be obtained.
TNM system.
The American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) and the International Union Against Cancer (UICC) recommend TNM staging, which is a two step procedure. Their TNM system, which they now develop jointly, first classifies cancer by several factors, T for tumor, N for nodes, M for metastasis, and then groups these TNM factors into overall stages.
Although TNM classification is an internationally agreed system, it has gradually evolved through its different editions; the dates of publication and of adoption for use of AJCC editions is summarized in the table in this article; past editions are available from AJCC for web download.
AJCC has provided web accessible poster versions of the current versions of these copyrighted TNM descriptors and groups, and readers should refer to that up to date, accurate information or to the National Cancer Institute (NCI) or National Comprehensive Cancer Network sites which reprints these with AJCC permission.
Stage migration.
Several factors are important when reviewing reports for individual breast cancers or when reading the medical literature, and applying staging data.
It is crucial to be aware that the TNM system criteria have varied over time, sometimes fairly substantially, according to the different editions that AJCC and UICC have released. Readers are assisted by the provision in the table of direct links to the breast cancer chapters of these various editions.
As a result, a given stage may have quite a different prognosis depending on which staging edition is used, independent of any changes in diagnostic methods or treatments, an effect that can contribute to 
"stage migration". For example, differences in the 1998 and 2003 categories resulted in many cancers being assigned differently, with apparent improvement in survival rates.
As a practical matter, reports often use the staging edition that was in place when the study began, rather than the date of acceptance or publication. However, it is worth checking whether the author updated the staging system during the study, or modified the usual classification rules for specific use in the investigation.
A different effect on staging arises from evolving technologies that are used to assign patients to particular categories, such that increasingly sensitive methods tend to cause individual cancers to be reassigned to higher stages, making it improper to compare that cancer's prognosis to the historical expectations for that stage.
Finally, of course, a further important consideration is the effect of improving treatments over time as well.
TNM highlights.
For accurate, complete, current details refer to the accessible copyrighted documentation from AJCC, or to the authorized documentation from NCI or NCCN; for past editions refer to AJCC.
The comments here highlight selected features of the 2010 scheme:
Tumor – The tumor values (TX, T0, Tis, T1, T2, T3 or T4) depend on the cancer at the primary site of origin in the breast. TX refers to an inability to assess that site; Tis refers to DCIS, LCIS, or Paget's disease; T4d refers to inflammatory breast cancer, a clinical circumstance where typical skin changes involve at least a third of the breast.
Lymph Node – The lymph node values (NX, N0, N1, N2 or N3) depend on the number, size and location of breast cancer cell deposits in various regional lymph nodes, such as the armpit (axillary lymph nodes), the collar area (supraclavicular lymph nodes), and inside the chest (internal mammary lymph nodes.) The armpit is designated as having three levels: level I is the low axilla, and is below or outside the lower edge of the pectoralis minor muscle; level II is the mid-axilla which is defined by the borders of the pectoralis minor muscle; and level III, or high (apical) axilla which is above the pectoralis minor muscle. There is some nuance to the official definitions for N0 disease, which includes N0(i+) which refers to Isolated Tumor Cell clusters (ITC), which are small clusters of cells not greater than 0.2 mm, or single tumor cells, or a cluster of fewer than 200 cells in a single histologic cross-section, whether detected by routine histology or immunohistochemistry (IHC); N0 also includes N0(mol-), in which regional lymph nodes have no metastases histologically, but have positive molecular findings (RT-PCR).
Metastases – Previous editions featured three metastatic values (MX, M0 and M1) which referred respectively to absence of adequate information, the confirmed absence, or the presence of breast cancer cells in locations other than the breast and regional lymph nodes, such as to bone, brain, lung. The present TNM edition no longer uses the MX option, and allocates tumors to one of three clinical categories: M0 refers to no clinical or radiographic evidence of distant metastases; cM0(i+) refers to molecularly or microscopically detected tumor cells in circulating blood, bone marrow or non-regional nodal tissue, no larger than 0.2 mm, and without clinical or radiographic evidence or symptoms or signs of metastases, and which, perhaps counter-intuitively, does not change the stage grouping, as staging for in M0(i+) is done according to the T and N values; and M1, which refers to distant detectable metastases as determined by classic clinical and radiographic means, and/or metastasis that are histologically larger than 0.2 mm.
Staging and prognosis.
The impact of different stages on outcome can be appreciated in the following table, published in a 2007 textbook, which shows the observed 5-year overall survival of over 50,000 patients from 1989 who were reclassified using the AJCC 5th edition criteria; the data is also available in the AJCC source, which also gives the relative survival rate in comparison to an age-matched (actually, age- sex- and race-matched) population. This data is historical, does not show the influence of important additional factors such as estrogen receptor (ER) or HER2/neu receptor status, and does not reflect the impact of newer treatments.
Receptor status.
The receptor status of breast cancers has traditionally been identified by immunohistochemistry (IHC), which stains the cells based on the presence of estrogen receptors (ER), progesterone receptors (PR) and HER2. This remains the most common method of testing for receptor status, but DNA multi-gene expression profiles can categorize breast cancers into molecular subtypes that generally correspond to IHC receptor status; one commercial source is the BluePrint test, as discussed in the following section.
Receptor status is a critical assessment for all breast cancers as it determines the suitability of using targeted treatments such as tamoxifen and or trastuzumab. These treatments are now some of the most effective adjuvant treatments of breast cancer. Estrogen receptor positive (ER+) cancer cells depend on estrogen for their growth, so they can be treated with drugs to reduce either the effect of estrogen (e.g. tamoxifen) or the actual level of estrogen (e.g. aromatase inhibitors), and generally have a better prognosis. Generally, prior to modern treatments, HER+ had a worse prognosis, however HER2+ cancer cells respond to drugs such as the monoclonal antibody, trastuzumab, (in combination with conventional chemotherapy) and this has improved the prognosis significantly. Conversely, triple negative cancer (i.e. no positive receptors), lacking targeted treatments now has a comparatively poor prognosis.
Androgen receptor is expressed in 80-90% of ER+ breast cancers and 40% of "triple negative" breast cancers. Activation of androgen receptors appears to suppress breast cancer growth in ER+ cancer while in ER- breast it appears to act as growth promoter. Efforts are underway to utilize this as prognostic marker and treatment.
Molecular subtype.
Receptor status was traditionally considered by reviewing each individual receptor (ER, PR, her2) in turn, but newer approaches look at these together, along with the tumor grade, to categorize breast cancer into several conceptual molecular classes that have different prognoses and may have different responses to specific therapies. DNA microarrays have assisted this approach, as discussed in the following section. Proposed molecular subtypes include:
DNA classification.
Traditional DNA classification.
Traditional DNA classification was based on the general observation that cells that are dividing more quickly have a worse prognosis, and relied on either the presence of protein Ki67 or the percentage of cancer cell DNA in S phase. These methods, and scoring systems that used DNA ploidy, are used much less often now, as their predictive and prognostic power was less substantial than other classification schemes such as the TNM stage. In contrast, modern DNA analyses are increasingly relevant in defining underlying cancer biology and in helping choose treatments.
HER2/neu.
HER2/neu status can be analyzed by fluorescent in-situ hybridization (FISH) assays. Some commentators prefer this approach, claiming a higher correlation than receptor immunohistochemistry with response to trastuzumab, a targeted therapy, but guidelines permit either testing method.
DNA microarrays.
Background.
DNA microarrays have compared normal cells to breast cancer cells and found differences in the expression of hundreds of genes. Although the significance of many of those genetic differences is unknown, independent analyses by different research groups has found that certain groups of genes have a tendency to co-express. These co-expressing clusters have included hormone receptor-related genes, HER2-related genes, a group of basal-like genes, and proliferation genes. As might therefore be anticipated, there is considerable similarity between the receptor and microarray classifications, but assignment of individual tumors is by no means identical. By way of illustration, some analyses have suggested that approximately 75% of receptor classified triple-negative breast cancers (TNBC) basal-like tumors have the expected DNA expression profile, and a similar 75% of tumors with a typical basal-like DNA expression profile are receptor TNBC as well. To say this differently to emphasize things, this means that 25% of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) basal-like tumors as defined by one or other classification are excluded from the alternative classification's results. Which classification scheme (receptor IHC or DNA expression profile) more reliably assorts particular cancers to effective therapies is under investigation.
Several commercially marketed DNA microarray tests analyze clusters of genes and may help decide which possible treatment is most effective for a particular cancer. The use of these assays in breast cancers is supported by Level II evidence or Level III evidence. No tests have been verified by Level I evidence, which is rigorously defined as being derived from a prospective, randomized controlled trial where patients who used the test had a better outcome than those who did not. Acquiring extensive Level I evidence would be clinically and ethically challenging. However, several validation approaches are being actively pursued.
Numerous genetic profiles have been developed. The most prominent are:
These multigene assays, some partially and some completely commercialized, have been scientifically reviewed to compare them with other standard breast cancer classification methods such as grade and receptor status. Although these gene-expression profiles look at different individual genes, they seem to classify a given tumor into similar risk groups and thus provide concordant predictions of outcome.
Although there is considerable evidence that these tests can refine the treatment decisions in a meaningful proportion of breast cancers they are fairly expensive; proposed selection criteria for which particular tumors may benefit by being interrogated by these assays remain controversial, particularly with lymph node positive cancers. One review characterized these genetic tests collectively as adding "modest prognostic information for patients with HER2-positive and triple-negative tumors, but when measures of clinical risk are equivocal (e.g., intermediate expression of ER and intermediate histologic grade), these assays could guide clinical decisions".
Oncotype DX.
Oncotype DX assesses 16 cancer-related genes and 5 normal comparator reference genes, and is therefore sometimes known as the 21-gene assay. It was designed for use in estrogen receptor (ER) positive tumors. The test is run on formalin fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue. Oncotype results are reported as a Recurrence Score (RS), where a higher RS is associated with a worse prognosis, referring to the likelihood of recurrence without treatment. In addition to that prognostic role, a higher RS is also associated with a higher probability of response to chemotherapy, which is termed a positive predictive factor.
A summary of clinical trials using Oncotype is included in the Oncotype DX main article. These results suggest that not only does Oncotype stratify estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer into different prognostic groups, but also suggest that cancers that have a particularly favorable Oncotype DX microarray result tend to derive minimal benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy and so it may be appropriate to choose to avoid side effects from that additional treatment. As an additional example, a neoadjuvant clinical treatment program that included initial chemotherapy followed by surgery and subsequent additional chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and hormonal therapy found a strong correlation of the Oncotype classification with the likelihood of a complete response (CR) to the presurgical chemotherapy.
Since high risk features may already be evident in many high risk cancers, for example hormone-receptor negativity or HER-2 positive disease, the Oncotype test may especially improve the risk assessment that is derived from routine clinical variables in intermediate risk disease. Results from both the US and internationally suggest that Oncotype may assist in treatment decisions.
Oncotype DX has been endorsed by the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) and the NCCN. The NCCN Panel considers the 21-gene assay as an option when evaluating certain tumors to assist in estimating likelihood of recurrence and benefit from chemotherapy, emphasizing that the recurrence score should be used along with other breast cancer classification elements when stratifying risk. Oncotype fulfilled all California Technology Assessment Forum (CTAF) criteria in October 2006. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) does not mandate approval of this class of tests if they are performed at a single, company-operated laboratory Genomic Health, which developed Oncotype DX, offers the test under these so-called home brew rules and, accordingly, to that extent the Oncotype DX assay is not specifically FDA approved.
MammaPrint and BluePrint.
The MammaPrint gene pattern is a commercial-stage 70-gene panel marketed by Agendia, that was developed in patients under age 55 years who had lymph node negative breast cancers (N0). The commercial test is marketed for use in breast cancer irrespective of estrogen receptor (ER) status. The test is run on formalin fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue. MammaPrint traditionally used rapidly frozen tissue but a room temperature, molecular fixative is available for use within 60 minutes of obtaining fresh tissue samples. MammaPrint categorizes tumors as either high or low risk.
A summary of clinical trials using MammaPrint is included in the MammaPrint main article. The available evidence for Mammaprint was reviewed by California Technology Assessment Forum (CTAF) in June 2010; the written report indicated that MammaPrint had not yet fulfilled all CTAF criteria. MammaPrint has 5 FDA clearances and is the only FDA cleared microarray assay available. To be eligible for the MammaPrint gene expression profile, a breast cancer should have the following characteristics: stage 1 or 2, tumor size less than 5.0 cm, estrogen receptor positive (ER+) or estrogen receptor negative (ER-). In the US, the tumor should also be lymph node negative (N0), but internationally the test may be performed if the lymph node status is negative or positive with up to 3 nodes.
One method of assessing the molecular subtype of a breast cancer is by BluePrint, a commercial-stage 80-gene panel marketed by Agendia, either as a standalone test, or combined with the MammaPrint gene profile.
Other DNA assays and choice of treatment.
The choice of established chemotherapy medications, if chemotherapy is needed, may also be affected by DNA assays that predict relative resistance or sensitivity. Topoisomerase II (TOP2A) expression predicts whether doxorubicin is relatively useful. Expression of genes that regulate tubulin may help predict the activity of taxanes.
Various molecular pathway targets and DNA results are being incorporated in the design of clinical trials of new medicines. Specific genes such as p53, NME1, BRCA and PIK3CA/Akt may be associated with responsiveness of the cancer cells to innovative research pharmaceuticals. BRCA1 and BRCA2 polymorphic variants can increase the risk of breast cancer, and these cancers tend to express a pr ofile of genes, such as p53, in a pattern that has been called "BRCA-ness." Cancers arising from BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations, as well as other cancers that share a similar "BRCA-ness" profile, including some basal-like receptor triple negative breast cancers, may respond to treatment with PARP inhibitors such as olaparib. Combining these newer medicines with older agents such as 6-Thioguanine (6TG) may overcome the resistance that can arise in BRCA cancers to PARP inhibitors or platinum-based chemotherapy. mTOR inhibitors such as everolimus may show more effect in PIK3CA/Akt e9 mutants than in e20 mutants or wild types.
DNA methylation patterns can epigenetically affect gene expression in breast cancer and may contribute to some of the observed differences between genetic subtypes.
Tumors overexpressing the Wnt signaling pathway co-receptor low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 6 (LRP6) may represent a distinct subtype of breast cancer and a potential treatment target.
Numerous clinical investigations looked at whether testing for variant genotype polymorphic alleles of several genes could predict whether or not to prescribe tamoxifen; this was based on possible differences in the rate of conversion of tamoxifen to the active metabolite, endoxifen. Although some studies had suggested a potential advantage from CYP2D6 testing, data from two large clinical trials found no benefit. Testing for the CYP2C19*2 polymorphism gave counterintuitive results. The medical utility of potential biomarkers of tamoxifen responsiveness such as HOXB13, PAX2, and estrogen receptor (ER) alpha and beta isoforms interaction with SRC3 have all yet to be fully defined.
Other classification approaches.
Computer models.
Computer models consider several traditional factors concurrently to derive individual survival predictions and calculations of potential treatment benefits. The validated algorithms can present visually appealing graphics that assist in treatment decisions.In addition, other classifications of breast cancers do exist and no uniform system has been consistently adopted worldwide. 
Adjuvant! is based on US cohorts and presents colored bar charts that display information that may assist in decisions regarding systemic adjuvant therapies. Successful validation was seen with Canadian and Dutch cohorts. Adjuvant! seemed less applicable to a British cohort and accordingly PREDICT is being developed in the United Kingdom.
Other immunohistochemical tests.
Among many immunohistochemical tests that may further stratify prognosis, BCL2 has shown promise in preliminary studies.
Van Nuys prognostic index.
The USC/Van Nuys prognostic index (VNPI) is widely used to classify ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) into dissimilar risk categories that may be treated accordingly.
Comorbidity assessments.
The choice of which treatment to receive can be substantially influenced by comorbidity assessments. 
Familial breast cancers.
There is some evidence that breast cancers that arise in familial clusters, such as
Hereditary breast—ovarian cancer syndrome, may have a dissimilar prognosis. Also potentially dissimilar treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="19782975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19782975" title="Youghiogheny Scenic &amp; Wild River">
Youghiogheny Scenic &amp; Wild River

The Youghiogheny Scenic & Wild River is a river given special protected status by the state of Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19783030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783030" title="Maniac Latin Disciples">
Maniac Latin Disciples

The Maniac Latin Disciples (MLD) are the second largest Latino street gang in Chicago and the largest Latino gang in the Folks alliance. Originally known as the Latin Scorpions, the gang was founded by Albert "Hitler" Hernandez in the Humboldt Park community in approximately 1966. 
They are one of the original gangs in the Folks Nation. In the late 1990s, the Maniac Latin Disciples began to spread their influence into the south side of Chicago along with several Chicago suburbs.
In 1998, federal authorities arrested several top-ranking members of the Maniac Latin Disciples on drug charges now starting to spread to certain places such as Wisconsin and Tennessee. 
History.
The gang, which originated in about 1966 in the Humboldt Park community, was founded by Albert "Hitler" Hernandez. They were initially known as the Latin Scorpions in 1966 as a neighborhood baseball team in Humboldt Park; because the club was constantly harassed and attacked by resident Caucasian street gangs, such as the Simon City Royals, and Harrison Gents, they began to fight to protect themselves. By approximately 1966, they themselves had turned into a full fledged gang. Albert “Hitler” Hernandez would position himself as King of the club. From the beginning, the Latin Scorpions engaged in battle with the Latin Kings.
The Latin Disciples' first corner was Hirsch & Rockwell. Later, they would open up shop on Potomac & Rockwell, a set that would be dubbed “Twilight Zone”.
In or around 1970 the Latin Scorpions established a relationship with the Black Gangster Disciples (now split into the Black Disciples and Gangster Disciples) in prison, eventually changing his gang's name to Latin Disciples (later in 1983, Maniac Latin Disciples). That same year, Albert Hernandez was stabbed and killed by the Latin Kings. He asked the Latin Kings to remove their gang colors while walking through Latin Disciple turf and ended in a brawl with the Latin Kings and Hernandez being stabbed. Several other leaders filled the void.
In the mid-1970s, the Latin Disciples formed an alliance with the Latin Eagles, Spanish Cobras, and Imperial Gangsters street gangs; this alliance was called the United Latino Organization.
The Latin Disciples joined the "Folks Alliance" in 1978 They were the first Latino Folks and due to the Latin Disciples joining Folks alliance the Imperial Gangsters, Spanish Cobras and Latin Eagles followed after due to the United Latino Organization alliance they had on the street.
By 1983, assumed leadership of the gang and the gang began to incorporate the surname "Maniac" when Pete The Burner was thrown out of a courtroom window by the police because he was screaming Maniac every time they added years to his sentence for interrupting the judge.
The now Maniac Latin Disciples grew at a tremendously rapid pace, recruiting many members from the Illinois correctional facilities. They established bases of operations throughout the North and West sides of the city, using brute and violent force to eliminate rival gangs. In 1983, Zayas was incarcerated on murder charges. However he has been able to control his gang's day-to-day activity since being incarcerated, though some factions have broken away from his leadership. Zayas is currently in Tamms maximum security prison. 
In the early 1990s the MLDs formed the “Maniac family”, a group of allied Latino Folks gangs aside the umbrella of the Disciples. Among the initial gangs to join were the Maniac Campbell Boys, Milwaukee Kings and Latin Lovers. By the mid-1990s the MLDs were one of the largest and most organized gangs in the city.
Internal hierarchy.
The MLD's top position is “Prince”. Hitler had the rank of the “King”, but after he died no other leader held that rank. The next rank down is the “Don,” then “Governor.” They also have a “Chief of Security”, "Enforcers" and some sets have their own rank and file positions. The lowest ranks are “Soldiers” and “Shorties.” After Ferny was incarcerated, Rick Dog assumed the rank of Prince, this was sometime in the 1980s. 
In 1996, when Tuffy Bums initiated civil war within the MLDs, he also called himself a Prince. Additionally, Outlaw may have held the rank of the Prince, although he was previously a governor. Governors control individual corners. In the mid-2000s (decade), Fiddle held the rank of Don, but he was the principal leader on the streets. Also, on the streets, The BUMS and Pimp Daddy control rival factions of MLDs, and they may be respected as Princes.

</doc>
<doc id="19783039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783039" title="2005 Karl Schäfer Memorial">
2005 Karl Schäfer Memorial

The 2005 Karl Schäfer Memorial was the Karl Schäfer Memorial of the 2005–2006 Olympic season. The competition is also known as the Vienna Cup. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The 2005 Karl Schäfer Memorial was the final Olympic qualifying competition for the 2006 Winter Olympics. Skaters who placed high enough qualified a spot to the Olympics for their country; there was no individual skater qualification. Countries who had already qualified a spot to the Olympics at the 2005 World Figure Skating Championships were not eligible to qualify more spots here, and their results were discounted from the overall results when allotting spots to countries. Unlike at the World Championships, where countries could qualify more than one spot depending on the placement of the skater, at this competition, countries who qualified were alloted only one spot to the Olympics, regardless of placement.
It took place in the Albert Schultz Ice Rink in Vienna, Austria from October 14 through October 17, 2005.
Qualified countries.
There were six spots available in men's singles and pairs, eight spots in ladies singles, and five in ice dancing. The following countries qualified skaters in the following disciplines.
Some countries were later given spots based on their performance at this competition after countries who had qualified Olympic spots informed the ISU that they would not be filled.

</doc>
<doc id="19783051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783051" title="Turán (periodical)">
Turán (periodical)

"Turán. A magyar eredetkutatással foglalkozó tudományok lapja." (Turán: A Periodical of the scholarly research of the origin of the Hungarians)
Turán is a Hungarian periodical. First it was issued during the years 1913, and 1917 through 1918. From 1998 it is being issued again bi-monthly by the Hungarian company "Magyar Őstörténeti Kutató és Kiadó Kht." ("Researcher and Publisher of Hungarian Prehistory Ltd."; editors in chief: Ferenc Lovass 1998-2000, Előd Esztergály 2000-).
ISSN 1418-3307
Note: Some online databases use this ISSN to refer to the Factiva online database entry called "Turan (Azerbaijan, Russian Language)". However, the original Factiva database entry does not contain any ISSN which suggests that the references are wrong. Since the ISSN Register is not public, do not delete this page for this reason unless you received direct evidence from the ISSN organisation (www.issn.org), or the regional ISSN issuing centre, the National Széchényi Library of Hungary.
Considering the similarities and the differences, the Factiva entry may also be an erroneous duplicate of "Turan Information Agency (Azerbaijan)" which is the only Azerbaijani periodical of this name to be online – both in Russian and in English.
External evidences for the existence of this periodical:

</doc>
<doc id="19783064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783064" title="Camp Cusino">
Camp Cusino

Camp Cusino was created in 1951. It is located one mile west of Shingleton, Michigan. The camp was officially called the Cusino Corrections Prison Work Camp and was part of the Corrections Conservation Prison Camp Program in the State of Michigan. The name Cusino was taken from a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp that was located four miles east of Melstrand, Michigan. In 1951, some of the CCC buildings were moved to Shingleton for the prison camp. The inmates were trustee status and many worked for the neighboring Cusino Wildlife Research Station. Other inmates were transported daily to do timber stand improvement and maintain area state parks. In 1968 the camp held 93 prisoners with nine staff. In 1979 the old wooden barracks were replaced with modern block buildings. In 1996 the prison camp population was 350. The security level of the prisoners was increased and the camp proper was fenced in with cyclone/razor wire fencing.
In 1997 the prison camp was placed under the jurisdiction of the Alger Maximum Correctional Facility located in Wetmore, Michigan. The Corrections Conservation Prison Camp Program, which had its headquarters in Grass Lake, Michigan, was officially disbanded.
Camp Cusino was closed on July 26, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19783072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783072" title="Antiplane shear">
Antiplane shear

Antiplane shear or antiplane strain is a special state of strain in a body. This state of strain is achieved when the displacements in the body are zero in the plane of interest but nonzero in the direction perpendicular to the plane. For small strains, the strain tensor under antiplane shear can be written as
where the formula_2 plane is the plane of interest and the formula_3 direction is perpendicular to that plane.
Displacements.
The displacement field that leads to a state of antiplane shear is (in rectangular Cartesian coordinates)
where formula_5 are the displacements in the formula_6 directions.
Stresses.
For an isotropic, linear elastic material, the stress tensor that results from a state of antiplane shear can be expressed as
where formula_8 is the shear modulus of the material.
Equilibrium equation for antiplane shear.
The conservation of linear momentum in the absence of inertial forces takes the form of the equilibrium equation. For general states of stress there are three equilibrium equations. However, for antiplane shear, with the assumption that body forces in the 1 and 2 directions are 0, these reduce to one equilibrium equation which is expressed as
where formula_10 is the body force in the formula_11 direction and formula_12. Note that this equation is valid only for infinitesimal strains.
Applications.
The antiplane shear assumption is used to determine the stresses and displacements due to a screw dislocation.

</doc>
<doc id="19783076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783076" title="Furman, Alabama">
Furman, Alabama

Furman, also known as Old Snow Hill, is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States. The Furman Historic District is included on the National Register of Historic Places.
Geography.
Furman is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19783079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783079" title="Cultivator No. 6">
Cultivator No. 6

Cultivator No. 6 was the code name of a military trench-digging machine developed by the British Royal Navy at the beginning of World War II. The machine was originally known as White Rabbit Number Six; this code name was never officially recognised, but it was said to be derived from Churchill’s metaphorical ability to pull ideas out of a hat. The codename was changed to the less suggestive Cultivator Number Six to conceal its identity. The name was later changed to N.L.E. Tractors. Winston Churchill sometimes referred to the machine as his mole and the prototype machine was dubbed Nellie. It was lightly armoured and carried no weapons. It was designed to advance upon an enemy position largely below ground level in a trench that it was itself excavating. On reaching the enemy's front line, it would serve as a ramp for the troops, and possibly tanks, following in its trench.
Cultivator No. 6 was an enormous machine and was planned to be built in substantial numbers. The overall weight was 130 tons and the length was . The machine's development and production was enthusiastically backed by Winston Churchill and work on it continued well past the point when there was no obvious use for it. In the end, only a small number of machines were constructed and none were used in combat. In his memoirs, Churchill, said about it: "I am responsible but impenitent".
Inception.
After the outbreak of World War II, on 3 September 1939 the day Britain declared war on Germany, Winston Churchill was appointed First Lord of the Admiralty and a member of the War Cabinet, just as he had been during the first part of World War I. There followed a period during which the western allies watched Germany and Russia devour Poland, but with very little aggressive action being taken. The only significant fighting was at sea.
Britain despatched an expeditionary force to France where they took up positions on the northernmost portion of the French border with Belgium. A line of fortifications known as the Maginot Line helped to defend France's border with Germany and much of the allies' effort went into extending these defences to the north. Trenches were dug, barbed wire was stretched out and pillboxes were built, but hardly a shot was fired in anger. This period became known as the Phoney War. To the British and French public, this was a conflict between professional fighting forces and there was little appetite for an all-out ideological war. Perhaps Hitler would be satisfied with his conquests; if he would see sense, perhaps an honourable peace might be possible?
Churchill had no doubts as to Hitler's true character, he saw no hope of peace and he was appalled by the allies' lack of initiative. He had a number of ideas for taking the war to the enemy, two of which required the invention of entirely new weapons. One idea was for a riverine mine for Operation Royal Marine which was at least water-borne, but Churchill was a man of ideas and his position at the admiralty did not constrain him to strictly naval matters. When Churchill had served as the First Lord of the Admiralty in the First World War and he had been largely responsible for the establishment of the Royal Navy's Landships Committee which sponsored experiments with armoured tractors that eventually resulted in the invention of the tank. At that time, Churchill had also conceived the idea of an armoured vehicle that would dig its own trench as it advanced upon an enemy position, a trench sufficiently deep and wide to protect the machine itself and infantry and vehicles following in its wake. The idea did not catch on at the time. Now he resurrected that idea. The development of the trench digging machine was initially undertaken by the Department of Naval Constructors. Despite a lack of enthusiasm from the War Office, it was planned to build a fleet of such machines.
Although Churchill lacked mechanical knowledge, he had a clear understanding of what he wanted. He saw this machine as one of very few aggressive initiatives by the allies during the Phoney War—the first few months of the war, characterised by a lack of real fighting. The machine he envisioned would be capable of breaking the stalemate of trench warfare that had developed during World War I and would thereby avoid the atrocious conditions and high casualty rate that resulted. The prospect of such fighting in World War II was made even worse by the construction of the Siegfried Line (or West Wall): a continuous belt of barbed-wire entanglements, minefields, anti-tank obstacles, forts and trenches – the strength of which was greatly exaggerated by German propaganda. Churchill's trench cutters would cross no man's land in the dark and protected by an artillery barrage, the attacking force would advance in the relative safety of the cut trench and then burst upon the surprised defenders.
Churchill explained what he had in mind to Stanley Goodall who was then Director of Naval Construction. In October 1939, the project was handed over to J H Hopkins. Hopkins, who had had a distinguished career in ship design was given the temporary rank of Assistant Director and he was tasked with bringing together a team of designers who would make Churchill's machine – his mole as he sometimes called it – a reality. A top secret department was set up under the Ministry of Supply, this was known as the Department of Naval Land Equipment and was abbreviated to NLE giving rise to the name "Nellie" that was given to the prototype machine. At the start of the war, much of the Admiralty was moved away from London. It was for this reason that the trench digger project began in the Grand Pump Room Hotel in Bath. Here, Hopkins put the initial investigation into the hands of the brilliant, but inexperienced, Frank Spanner.
Development.
The machine had a simple task to perform. Essentially, the requirement was to cut a trench with a section of about six feet (2 m) square and for this some sort of cutter was required. Correctly estimating the power required to perform this feat was essential to the success of the project, but the nearest comparable machine the designers could take figures from were the giant bucket and chain excavators used in Germany for open cast mining of lignite. The key feature of such machines was that the cutting was a continuous process that required a fairly constant power and from this comparison the trenching machine power requirement was estimated at about 1,000 hp half of which was for cutting and half for driving the machine forward.
Initial designs envisaged a large circular cutter the diameter of the trench to be dug and operating in the manner of modern tunnel boring machines. However, the design evolved to a more efficient arrangement with a huge plough removing the top of soil and a cutting cylinder rotating perpendicular to the line of the trench for digging out the lower . The trench profile was then squared off by a number of blades. The spoil was deposited on either side of the trench, wings on the plough blade pushing the spoil away from the edge of the trench to prevent it from falling back in. Hopkins presented this conception together with a static model to Churchill via Sir Stanley Goodall. Churchill approved the scheme and gave permission for development of a prototype to begin with an initial grant of £1,000,000.
The Navy turned to Ruston-Bucyrus Ltd, an engineering company specialising in excavating equipment. Ruston-Bucyrus had been established in 1930 and was jointly owned by Ruston and Hornsby based in Lincoln, England and Bucyrus-Erie based in Bucyrus, Ohio, the latter of which had operational control. On 6 December 1939, Churchill was told that Ruston-Bucyrus would be able to build 200 trench cutting machines by March 1941 and they proposed a wider version that would produce a trench in which tanks could drive. Churchill gave the go-ahead for the production of a prototype but deferred a decision as to the final quantities for the time being.
A scale model about four feet long was prepared by the firm of Bassett-Lowke, they worked secretly in the cellars of a hotel in Bath – Bath being the temporary home of the Naval Construction department at the time. As soon as it was complete, Churchill ordered that it be taken to London. The model together with its accessories was packed into a mahogany box resembling a coffin; as it was carried to the station in Bath, many bystanders respectfully bowed their heads.
The working model was demonstrated to Churchill on 12 December 1939. For this a simulated soil had been developed from a mixture of sawdust and Plasticine. The demonstration went so well that Churchill's smile of pleasure "almost dislodged his cigar" and he ordered that a further demonstration should be arranged for that evening, to which Churchill was accompanied by Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, Chancellor of the Exchequer Sir John Simon and Chief of the Imperial General Staff Sir Edmund Ironside. There is an apparent disagreement in the sources as to exactly what time this meeting took place. Newman (1956) gives 11 pm whereas Ironside (1962) specifies 7 pm. It is possible that Ironside was treated to a preview. Ironside later recalled:
Churchill used the model (or possibly another static model) to persuade the French to support the project to which they somewhat reluctantly agreed. An official order was placed with Ruston-Bucyrus on 22 January 1940. On 7 February 1940 the government gave approval for the construction of 200 narrow "infantry" and 40 wider "officer" machines, the latter creating a trench wide enough for tanks.
In the following weeks, the Germans noticed intense patrol activity in front of the Siegfried Line as the French collected soil samples so that technicians could determine the most suitable places for the Cultivators to advance. However, the production of Cultivator almost immediately faced a problem as the Air Ministry reserved for RAF use all the Rolls-Royce Merlin engines being produced. Ruston-Bucyrus had intended to use the Merlin, but now had to change tack. They called in Sir Henry Ricardo who suggested using a pair of 600 hp lightweight diesel engines built by Davey, Paxman and Co. The change meant a great deal of redesign work, but the new arrangement had some advantages. Now one engine would be used for the cutter and one for moving the machine which simplified some aspects of the design and diesel fuel was safer than the petrol required by the Merlin engine.
Design.
Cultivator was designed to cut a trench wide and deep and it would dispose of the spoil on banks either side of the cut trench. It could dig at or travel at on the surface.
When configured in digging order, the overall length of the machine was . The machine came in two parts that were hinged together. The head of the machine did the excavating and could be raised or lowered for ascent or descent.
The head of the machine was long and wide and high and weighted about 30 tons. The head had a plough blade for cutting the top part of the trench to a depth of about , raising the excavated soil and pushing it to the sides of the trench. The lower part of the trench was cut to a depth of by a cylindrical cutter superficially resembling the cutting blade of a cylinder lawnmower. Conveyors raised the excavated soil which was added to the plough's deposits at the side of the trench. The overall depth of the trench was and the spoil provided an additional cover of about .
The body of the machine came in two-halves so that it could be divided for transportation, the front portion of the body was long, wide and high and weighed about 45 tons; the rear portion was long, wide and high and weighed about 55 tons.
The body was driven by two wide tracks and on the surface steering was possible by means of dog clutches on the gear-box output shafts. When digging, only small changes in direction were possible by means of hydraulically operated steering doors, one on each side of the machine. There was an arrangement to draw an adjustable amount of spoil back into the trench and under the vehicle's tracks so as to counter any tendency to heel over.
Alternative design.
In April 1940, came a huge surprise: someone else had invented a high speed trenching machine envisaged to be used in a similar way but working by quite different means. The inventor was Cecil Vandepeer Clarke who had recently worked on the limpet mine. Clarke had prepared a paper "A Consideration of New Offensive Means" and followed this with "Notes on Design of Trench Forming Machines" for the Royal Engineers. His ideas filtered through the wartime bureaucracy and eventually reached the Cultivator project team. Clarke was interviewed by Churchill's scientific advisor, Professor Lindemann. In strict confidence, Lindemann told Clarke about work already in progress and he was sufficiently impressed to pass Clarke's suggestions up to Churchill himself. Clarke accepted a job as a temporary Civil Servant; he was hired as an Assistant Director of NLE with a salary of £1,000 per annum.
Clarke's idea was to use an armoured vehicle of some sort equipped with a hydraulic ram to insert explosive charges into the ground ahead. The resulting explosion would form a crater into which the machine would move before repeating the cycle. Clarke's machine would require thick armour to protect itself from its own explosions at the front and from the possibility of attack from the rear. None-the-less, the machine would be lighter and very much simpler than Cultivator. Also, Clarke's machine could simply blow its way through minefields and anti-tank obstacles that Cultivator could not deal with and when it came to a block house, Clarke's machine would push explosives under its floor and blow it up – whereas Cultivator was entirely unarmed. A significant disadvantage of Clarke’s machine was its modest speed, estimated by Clarke to be only 250 yards per hour.
On 30 June 1940, Clarke resigned from NLE. The design of the Clarke Machine had "got beyond him", but it seems equally likely that Clarke was now disenchanted with the whole idea and thought he could contribute to the war in other ways. Although Clarke's ideas were not immediately abandoned at NLE, it is clear that little progress with them was made.
Persistence.
With the devastating German blitzkrieg attack on France in 1940 it was clearly time to reconsider the usefulness of Cultivator No. 6. Churchill wrote to General Ismay and CIGS Ironside:
The number of units was soon even more significantly reduced to just 33 machines and by July Churchill was finding other tasks to assign to Mr Hopkins. Even so, the project was not completely canceled – with Britain facing invasion and desperately short of conventional tanks it does seem remarkable that the project continued. Historian John Turner attributes this dogged persistence to Churchill's failure to get his "mole" accepted during the First World War. It was at this point that the original code name of "Cultivator No. 6" was dropped in favour of "N.L.E. Tractors".
There were various problems with the development and the prototype machine, officially known as "N.L.E Trenching Machine Mark I", but nicknamed "Nellie" was completed in May 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19783083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783083" title="Liar (Megadeth song)">
Liar (Megadeth song)

Liar is a song by the American heavy metal band Megadeth, written by Dave Mustaine and David Ellefson. It is the fourth single from their third studio album, titled So Far, So Good... So What!, which was released on January 19, 1988. The lyrics of the song were inspired by Megadeth's former guitarist, Chris Poland, who recorded with the band on "Killing Is My Business... And Business Is Good!" and "Peace Sells... But Who's Buying?". Mustaine would regularly dedicate it to Poland during live performances.
Development.
After years of problems stemming from substance abuse, both Gar Samuelson and Chris Poland were fired from Megadeth in July 1987, following the final show of the tour in Hawaii. Mustaine claimed that Samuelson had become too much to handle when intoxicated, and even had replacement drummer Chuck Behler flown out for the last few dates of the tour, fearing that Samuelson would not be able to finish with the band's commitments. Samuelson later died in July 1999 due to liver failure, while Poland managed to overcome his addiction. Poland was initially replaced by Jay Reynolds of Malice, but as the band began work on their next album, Reynolds was replaced by his own guitar teacher Jeff Young, who joined Megadeth six weeks into the recording of their third album.
Mustaine later accused Poland of stealing musical equipment, "Chris Poland - you know what? - he could die tomorrow and it wouldn't affect me... Chris has never made amends to me for stealing all my gear. I had a collector's item Echoplex which just disappeared, all sorts of guitars, which were all stolen to cash in for heroin. I'm willing to forgive and forget, but until he comes and makes amends with me then I'm not willing to give in". This inspired Mustaine to write the song Liar, which was a culmination of Dave's hatred towards Poland at the time.
Lyrics.
The lyrics to Liar, based around Chris Poland, are composed almost entirely of a long list of insults. Mustaine accuses Poland of being a "creature he despises", having a "sickly mind from Alzheimer's disease", having a "wino for a father", having a "mother who's quite insane", having a sister "who's a junkie who gets it any way she can", and that "decadence and debauchery killed his memories".
Reception.
Mustaine's vocals in the song have been the subject of much praise. According to a review from a user of Encyclopaedia Metallum, "Liar starts off in what would be a pretty standard way if you've heard the other stuff from SFSGSW. A pretty fast riff, pretty good thrash with slight punk influences. But then, Mustaine’s voice comes in and you hear him as he should be. Dave’s voice is absolutely dripping with venom, and as soon as he starts everything else in this song comes together, and you can feel the betrayal and hate coming from every pore of this song." The song however was not fully regarded, as the same review is dismissive of other features of the song. It was also compared to several punk rock acts; "Among the rather stylistically consistent yet lyrically incongruous offerings off of “So far, so good, so what” is this rather witty, comical, and vulgar polemic against former band mate Chris Poland. Many consider this to be a low point in Mustaine’s song writing career, but I can not help but disagree. If you listen to Storm Troopers of Death, Nuclear Blast, or other rougher edged thrash acts with greater punk tendencies, you will note that this approach to humorous/angry lyric writing is not unique to Mustaine, nor was it unheard of for him to write this style of song on previous releases."

</doc>
<doc id="19783119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783119" title="Because Her Beauty Is Raw and Wild">
Because Her Beauty Is Raw and Wild

Because Her Beauty Is Raw and Wild is an album by Jonathan Richman, released in 2008 on Vapor Records.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Jonathan Richman; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="19783122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783122" title="Apu, Azerbaijan">
Apu, Azerbaijan

Apu, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19783135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783135" title="History of the Kenya African National Union">
History of the Kenya African National Union

This article covers the history of the Kenya African National Union, a political party in Kenya.
Origins and Kenyatta.
The Kenya African Study Union was a political organization formed in 1944 to articulate Kenyan grievances against the British colonial administration of the time. KASU, later renamed the Kenya African Union, attempted to be more inclusive than its successor Kikuyu Central Association by avoiding tribal politics.
Kenya African Union was led by Jomo Kenyatta from 1947.
In 1960 KAU merged with Kenya Independent Movement and the People's Congress Party to form Kenya African National Union (KANU).
From October 1952 to December 1959, Kenya was under a state of emergency arising from the "Mau Mau" rebellion against British colonial rule. During this period, African participation in the political process increased rapidly.
The first direct elections for Africans to the Legislative Council took place in 1957. 
The Kenya African Democratic Union (KADU) was founded in 1960, to challenge KANU. KADU's aim was to defend the interests of the tribes so-called KAMATUSA (an acronym for Kalenjin, Maasai, Turkana and Samburu), against the dominance of the larger Luo and Kĩkũyũ tribes that comprised the majority of KANU's membership (Kenyatta himself being a Kĩkũyũ). KADU pressed for a federal constitution, while KANU was in favour of centralism. The advantage lay with the numerically stronger KANU. The British government finally brokered a compromise arrangement where under the short lived Majimbo system Kenya entered independence with a federal constitution.
Independence.
Kenya became independent on December 12, 1963, and the next year became a republic within the Commonwealth. Jomo Kenyatta, a member of the predominant Kĩkũyũ tribe and head of the Kenya African National Union, became Kenya's first president.
KADU dissolved itself voluntarily in 1964 and joined KANU.
A small but significant leftist opposition party, the Kenya People's Union (KPU), was formed in 1966, led by Jaramogi Oginga Odinga, a former vice president and Luo elder. The KPU was banned and its leader detained after political unrest related to Kenyatta's visit to Nyanza Province. No new opposition parties were formed after 1969, and KANU became the sole political party. At Kenyatta's death in August 1978, Vice President Daniel arap Moi, a former KADU member became interim President. On October 14, Moi became President formally after he was elected head of KANU and designated its sole nominee.
One-Party State and return to Democracy.
In June 1982, the National Assembly amended the constitution, making Kenya officially a one-party state, and parliamentary elections were held in September 1983. The 1988 elections reinforced the one-party system. However, in December 1991, parliament repealed the one-party section of the constitution. By early 1992, several new parties had formed, and multiparty elections were held in December 1992.
President Moi was reelected for another 5-year term. Opposition parties won about 45% of the parliamentary seats, but President Moi's KANU Party obtained the majority of seats. Parliamentary reforms in November 1997 enlarged the democratic space in Kenya, including the expansion of political parties from 11 to 26. President Moi won re-election as President in the December 1997 elections, and his KANU Party narrowly retained its parliamentary majority, with 109 out of 212 seats.
2002 Elections.
At the last legislative national elections held December 27, 2002, the party won an overall 29.0% of the popular vote and 64 out of 212 elected seats. In the presidential elections of the same day, the party's candidate Uhuru Kenyatta won 31.3% of the vote, and was thereby defeated by Mwai Kibaki from the National Rainbow Coalition (NARC) party with 62.2%. On December 29, 2002, the Kenyan electoral commission confirmed that the former opposition NARC party had achieved a landslide victory over the ruling KANU party, thus bringing to an end 40 years of single party rule and 24 years of rule by Daniel arap Moi.
Post 2002.
The Party split into two factions. The larger one, headed by Uhuru Kenyatta, formed a short lived opposition coalition with the Liberal Democratic Party of Kenya, in a coalition called the Orange Movement which successfully campaigned for a no vote in a constitutional referendum in 2005. The political parties ODM-Kenya and Orange Democratic Movement both came into existence out of this movement. The smaller faction, headed by Nicholas Biwott and supported by Daniel arap Moi was opposed to the direction Kenyatta was taking the party. The two factions briefly patched up their differences under the mediation of former party leader Daniel Moi. The result being KANU did not field a presidential candidate in Kenya's disputed general election of 2007, backing instead the incumbent Mwai Kibaki.
Uhuru Kenyatta and Moi in 2007.
In September 2007, Kenyatta announced that he would not run for the presidency and would support Kibaki's re-election, sinking any hopes that KANU would back the Orange Democratic Movement. William Ruto however remained in ODM applying for the presidential candidacy. Of particular interest is that Uhuru's statement came soon after Moi's declaration that he would back current president Kibaki's re-election bid. 
KANU is part of the Party of National Unity (PNU), a coalition party behind Kibaki. However, unlike other PNU member parties, only KANU had clearance to field own parliamentary and civic candidates. Since the coming into force of the Political Parties act of 2011, differences have once again emerged over the future of the party with a faction led by Gideon Moi accusing Uhuru Kenyatta of neglecting the party. Kenyatta, and his supporters, eventually quit the party altogether and 
in December 2012, KANU entered a four party coalition, including the National Vision Party, United Democratic Movement and New Ford Kenya, to field a single presidential candidate at the 2013 general elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19783157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783157" title="List of House members of the 40th Parliament of Canada">
List of House members of the 40th Parliament of Canada

This is a list of members of the Canadian House of Commons in the 40th Canadian Parliament. 
Members.
Party leaders are "italicized".
Cabinet ministers are in boldface.
The Prime Minister is both.
Changes since the 40th election.
The party standings have changed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19783165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783165" title="Johny Asadoma">
Johny Asadoma

Johny Asadoma (born January 8, 1966) is a former Indonesian amateur boxer. After his retirement from boxing, Asadoma joined the Indonesia's academy of police, and became a police officer of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19783168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783168" title="Furman Historic District">
Furman Historic District

The Furman Historic District is a historic district in the community of Furman, Alabama. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 13, 1999. The boundaries are roughly Old Snow Hill Road, Wilcox County Road 59, Burson Road, and AL 21. It contains , 73 buildings, and 14 structures.

</doc>
<doc id="19783177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783177" title="Football at the 2009 Maccabiah Games">
Football at the 2009 Maccabiah Games

Football at the 2009 Maccabiah Games will be held in Haifa starting on July 12.
There will be a men's tournament as well as a women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19783201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783201" title="Richard Clayton (actor)">
Richard Clayton (actor)

Richard Clayton (June 12, 1915 – September 29, 2008) was an American actor who became a talent agent. He repped for such high profile talent as Jane Fonda, James Dean and Burt Reynolds during his career as an agent.
Clayton was born in Montclair, New Jersey. He began his career in New York City, where he worked as an actor and model. In an item reported from Hollywood, "The New York Times" noted that Warner Bros. had placed "Richard Clayton of the New York Stage" under contract, one of several actors engaged for its forthcoming production of what was described as "The Life of Knute Rockne". He appeared in several of the studio's films under his contract with the studio, including "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" in 1939, "Knute Rockne, All American" in 1940 and the 1941 pictures "A Very Young Lady" and "High Sierra".
Clayton served in the United States military during World War II. He met actor James Dean following his return from the war. Clayton and Dean appeared together in the 1951 film, "Sailor Beware".
Clayton moved from full-time acting to repping when he took a position at the Famous Artists Agency. As an agent, Clayton represented his friend, James Dean, as well as Farrah Fawcett, Jane Fonda, Harrison Ford, Nick Nolte and Angie Dickinson. He continued to work as a full-time talent agent for several decades. He later became personal manager to actor Burt Reynolds. Clayton ultimately managed Reynolds' career for twenty two years.
In the late 1950s, Clayton built a small house in Palm Desert, California, with fellow actor Tab Hunter. Clayton died from congestive heart failure on September 29, 2008, in Los Angeles at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19783210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783210" title="Daşarx, Nakhchivan">
Daşarx, Nakhchivan

'"Daşarx, Nakhchivan" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19783245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783245" title="Languages of Benin">
Languages of Benin

Over fifty languages are spoken in Benin. Of those, French is the official language, and all the indigenous languages are considered national languages.
Of the Beninese languages, Fon (a Gbe language) and Yoruba are the most important in the south of the country. In the north there are half a dozen regionally important languages, including Baatonum (once counted as a Gur language) and Fulani.
French was introduced during the colonial period and retained as the official language upon independence.
Education for the deaf in Benin uses American Sign Language, introduced by the deaf American missionary Andrew Foster.
The multilingual character of Beninese society is characterized by the number of languages spoken, ethno-linguistic diversity, stratification of language use (whereby French is used officially and other languages used in other spheres of activity), and by the fact that many Beninese are polyglots.

</doc>
<doc id="19783292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783292" title="Piotr Jegor">
Piotr Jegor

Jegor has made 18 appearances for the Poland national football team, scoring one goal against Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="19783293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783293" title="Green Globe Lite">
Green Globe Lite

EarthCheck Assessed (upgraded from Green Globe Lite) is an on-line performance improvement tool based on the EarthCheck Certification Program. The program acts as a stepping stone for businesses that may wish to progress to EarthCheck Certification programme at a later date. EarthCheck Assessed is supported by the science and technology of the Sustainable Tourism CRC (STCRC)[http://www.crctourism.com.au], the largest source of sustainability research in the world.
Brief history.
In August 2008, the program was introduced to market from increased demand for businesses that want to start addressing climate change and sustainability in a cost-effective way. EarthCheck Assessed has all of the calculation across energy, water and waste however does not included third party certification. It is however a valid way for restaurants and other organisations to measure, manage and reduce their environmental impact, with the cost savings involved in smart recycling, energy efficiency, management practices and policies. EarthCheck Assessed is focused on integrating these cost savings, with an online delivered cost-effective tool. 
The Australian Hotels Association was one of the first associations to act in partnership with EarthCheck Assessed, with a discounted rate for AHA Members. Like the EarthCheck program from which it originates, EarthCheck Assessed was developed in conjunction with the Sustainable Tourism CRC.
The "Lite" program was enhanced in 2009 to meet the needs of the new carbon economy and re-branded as EarthCheck Assessed
Programme foundations.
Green Globe Lite is based upon the Green Globe programme, however the key difference between Green Globe and Green Globe Lite is that Green Globe Lite is delivered solely online. Extra paperwork, onsite audits and other third party measures are not included, and as such this is a "lite" version of the EarthCheck Company Standard. The same set of tools are open to any participant of EarthCheck Assessed, they can measure, manage and use strategies, policies and practices to measure, manage and reduce their environmental impact, whilst reaping the benefit of operational cost savings.
Similarly to EarthCheck Certification, EarthCheck Assessed is fundamentally based upon Agenda 21 Principles which was originally endorsed by 182 heads of state at the Rio Earth Summit of 1992 and provided a set of principles for local, state, national and international action on sustainable development. This resulted in "Agenda 21 for the Travel and Tourism Industry: Towards Environmentally Sustainable Development", which listed an action plan for a number of overall objectives for the industry. 
EarthCheck Assessed Key Environmental Performances Areas can effectively be categorised in 10 ways:
EarthCheck Assessed's focus is on achieving this performance, enacting a reduction of operational costs and more clear communication of performance.
Aspects of the upgraded EarthCheck Assessed Program.
EarthCheck Assessed is designed for businesses that want to start addressing Sustainability and Climate Change. The programme provides businesses with an online Health Check Framework that assesses Key Environmental Performances Areas such as energy consumption, carbon dioxide emissions, water consumption and waste production. The program is fully compliant with current Australian Greenhouse Office Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions protocols and reporting standards including NGERS. It is also compliant with ISO14064, the IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories and adheres to the UNEP Guidelines for calculating GHG Emissions for business & non commercial organisations.
EC3 Global's research team works closely with the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP) working group under Professor Robert Pagan at the University of Queensland on maintaining continued local and international compliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19783328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783328" title="Laodice (wife of Mithridates II of Commagene)">
Laodice (wife of Mithridates II of Commagene)

Laodice (Greek: η Λαοδίκη), was a Greek woman who lived in the 1st century BC. She had married the Greek King from the Kingdom of Commagene, Mithridates II of Commagene, the first son and heir to Greek King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Greek Queen Isias of Commagene. Mithridates II reigned as King of Commagene from 38 BC-20 BC.
Laodice through her marriage to Mithridates II became Queen of Commagene. Little is known on her and her origins. There is a possibility like Mithridates II; Laodice was a descendant of Seleucus I Nicator, the founder of the Seleucid Empire, and a general of the ancient Macedonian king, Alexander the Great. Laodice bore Mithridates II a child, the prince and future King Mithridates III of Commagene.
Laodice is only known through from an inscription of a funerary altar found in the Turkish village of Sofraz of a local wealthy leading family, which dates around the mid-1st century AD. The altar inscribes family members that stretches over 7 generations and includes the names: Antiochus I Theos, Mithridates II and Laodice.

</doc>
<doc id="19783330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783330" title="Pine Apple Historic District">
Pine Apple Historic District

The Pine Apple Historic District is a historic district in the community of Pine Apple, Alabama. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 26, 1999. The boundaries are roughly Wilcox County roads 59, 7 and 61, Broad Street, Banana Street, AL 10, and Adams Drive. It contains , 54 buildings, and 1 structures ranging from the Craftsman to Colonial Revival styles.

</doc>
<doc id="19783345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783345" title="The Wild Man of the Navidad">
The Wild Man of the Navidad

The Wild Man of the Navidad is a 2008 horror film picked up by IFC Films shortly after its world premiere at the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival. 
Plot.
This film is allegedly based on the real-life journals of Dale S. Rogers, a man who, in the 1970s, lived along the banks of the Navidad River in Sublime, Texas - the same area where the original legend of the Wild Man of the Navidad surfaced back in the late 1800s. The film follows Dale, his wheelchair-using wife Jean, and her oft-shirtless, lazy-eyed caretaker Mario. Though their ranch sits on vast acres prime for paying hunters, Dale has resisted opening up the land because of the strange, Bigfoot-like creatures supposedly inhabiting it. But after the prodding of some of the rifle-loving townsfolk and the loss of his welding job, Dale gives in and opens the gate to his compound. Then the hunters become the hunted.
Production.
The film was co-produced by Kim Henkel, co-writer of the original "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" with Tobe Hooper in 1974 and was written, directed and edited by two of Mr. Henkel's screenwriting/production students, Justin Meeks and Duane Graves.
Reactions.
Ain't It Cool News described it as "about as perfect a Bigfoot film I’ve seen so far." Notable horror film critic Scott Foy of Dread Central describes the movie as "a creepy, southern-fried creature feature." IFC Films' Alison Willmore states that it is "a welcome palate cleanser" for the horror genre. Notable film critic Scott Weinberg of Cinematical calls it "enthusiastically splattery...a rather spirited little terror tale...that actually feels like it has been hidden in a vault." Daily Variety critic John Anderson writes "cult status is already achieved..."Wild Man" mixes homage with horror for a pretty potent dose of movie moonshine." Merle Bertrand of Film Threat relates it as "wonderfully retro...it's time to go back to the drive-in."
Background.
The film is a throwback to drive-in Sasquatch classics of the 1970s like "The Legend of Boggy Creek", and is known for its recreation of their specific vintage style, pacing and feel—from the real-life characters down to the period production design and music. 

</doc>
<doc id="19783348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783348" title="Australian Draught Horse">
Australian Draught Horse

The Australian Draught Horse is a hardy breed of Australian draught horse noted for its strength and a good temperament. 
Characteristics.
The Australian Draught Horse was developed over the years as a result of the crossbreeding of the four recognized pure draught horse breeds which were in Australia since the colonial days. These breeds are the Clydesdale, Percheron, Shire, Suffolk Punch, (plus the later imported Belgians) and occasionally some light horse bloodlines, as seen in the part draughts. 
The characteristics of these breeds can be found in the Australian Draught Horse, which has produced many colours and types within the breed. All solid colours are accepted, excessive white is not favoured on the face or body, white below the knee is acceptable.
History.
The roots of the Australian Draught Horse date back to the c.1854 importation of stallions and mares of various English and Flemish cart breeds to Australia. Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) was at the forefront of breeding cart and farm horses with the part played by the Van Diemen’s Land Company. This company also imported Shire Horses which were later imported to Western Australia and South Australia in the late 1830s.
Bullocks did most of the heavy draught work until the 1850s. The development of the agricultural industry after the gold rushes required a ready of draught horses to provide faster load movements. Scottish settlers did much to promote the use of the Clydesdale horses owing to their familiarity with them. 
Weinholt Brothers formed a notable draught horse stud at Maryvale, Queensland in 1885. Most states preferred Shire horses, but in Victoria the Clydesdale was more popular. Suffolk Punch horses were favoured in northern NSW and on the black soil country.
The Clydesdale Stud Book was established in Australia in 1915, prior to which breeding was somewhat haphazard. After 1918 tractors were rapidly replacing draught horses until the 1930s depression when there was renewed interest in them. By 1950 tractors had virtually replaced the draught horse on rural properties in Australia.
The Australian Draught Horse Stud Book Society was established in c.1979 to promote these horses and breeding programs. Today the Australian Draught Horse used in led, novelty, ridden and draught competitions and is still valued as a working horse on small farms throughout Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19783350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783350" title="Charles Henry Corey">
Charles Henry Corey

Charles Henry Corey, A Baptist clergyman, was born at New Canaan, New Brunswick on 12 December 1834. He graduated from Acadia College in Wolfville, Nova Scotia in 1858, and from Newton Theological Seminary in 1861. He served as pastor of the First Baptist Church in Seabrook, New Hampshire from 1861 until the beginning of 1864, when he resigned to enter the service of the United States Christian Commission for the remainder of the United States Civil War. He previously accepted a commission with the USCC when he accompanied the 2nd New Hampshire Volunteer Regiment to Virginia in the summer of 1862. Following brief service in Texas and the Lower Mississippi, he served the remainder of the war in Morris Island and Charleston, South Carolina Following the war, he was a missionary among the freedmen of South Carolina. In 1867 he was appointed principal of the Augusta Institute, Augusta, Georgia, and the following year was transferred to Richmond, Virginia, as president of the Richmond Theological Institute for the training of African-American preachers and teachers. He retired in 1898 to Seabrook and died the following year of Bright's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19783358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783358" title="Surra, Azerbaijan">
Surra, Azerbaijan

Surra, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19783364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783364" title="Raybestos">
Raybestos

Raybestos is a brand of automotive brakes begun in 1902 by Arthur H. Raymond and Arthur F. Law of Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 1906 Raymond and Law invented the woven brake lining, an important innovation in automotive brakes. From 1919-1989 Raybestos brand was manufactured by Raymark Industries, Inc, of Stratford, Connecticut. The Brand is currently distributed by Affinia Global Brake and Chassis of McHenry, Illinois.
Environmental cleanup.
According to the Federal Environmental Agency:
The Raymark facility operated at (the Stratford) location from 1919 until 1989, manufacturing asbestos brake linings and other automotive asbestos products. The facility operated as a hazardous waste generator and land disposal facility. Raymark Industries, Inc. is a RCRA subtitle C regulated facility which is currently subject to bankruptcy proceedings.
Hazardous waste produced on site includes lead-asbestos dust, metals and solvents. From 1919 to July 1984, Raymark used a system of lagoons to capture waste lead and asbestos dust produced by its manufacturing process. Dredged materials from the lagoons were landfilled at numerous other locations in the town of Stratford, Connecticut. 

</doc>
<doc id="19783367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783367" title="Tala, Azerbaijan">
Tala, Azerbaijan

Tala, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19783372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783372" title="Guilty by Association">
Guilty by Association

Guilty by Association is the debut studio album by State of Shock. This album was only released in Canada. The album includes the singles "Wish I Never Met You","If I Could", and "So Many Times". CD art design by Bobby James.

</doc>
<doc id="19783374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783374" title="Ollie Reinikka">
Ollie Reinikka

Alver Mathias Reinikka (August 2, 1901 in Shuswap, British Columbia – November 2, 1962) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. In the 1926–27 season, he played 16 games in the NHL for the New York Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="19783386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783386" title="Bob Izumi">
Bob Izumi

Bob Izumi (born May 2, 1958) is a Canadian professional angler, and the host of "Bob Izumi's Real Fishing Show". He is most known for his success in bass fishing, and was awarded angler of the year in 2004.
Personal life.
Izumi grew up in a family of several children, son of Joe Izumi. He grew up in the small town of Blenheim, Ontario. His father initiated the first Canadian bass tournament, hence Izumi had been exposed to fishing since an early stage in life. His brother, Wayne Izumi, is also a professional angler, and Bob and Wayne won Angling Team of the Year in 2004. Izumi has a wife and two children. His niece Mariko Izumi hosted her own WFN internet show, the 5 cast; as well as, her own show on WFN called Hookin Up With Mariko Izumi, now in its second season.
"Real Fishing Show".
At a family picnic, a family member brought up the possibility of him starting a fishing television show. Izumi had been hired to do seminars before that time, and the thought of a television show intriged him. He filmed a pilot episode, and the show was soon picked up by various networks in 1983. The show is still produced and runs on many networks, including WFN and CHEX-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="19783391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783391" title="Ritchie Petty">
Ritchie Petty

Ritchie Petty is a former NASCAR Racing driver. He is the nephew of racecar driver Richard Petty and the cousin of Kyle Petty. He is the son of Maurice Petty. Ritchie Petty drove three Winston Cup races in 1993 and one race in 1994 in the #53 Ford owned by his father. His best career Cup finish was a 25th at Talladega.

</doc>
<doc id="19783424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783424" title="Aschehoug Prize">
Aschehoug Prize

The Aschehoug Prize is published annually by the Norwegian publishing house Aschehoug. The Aschehoug Prize is awarded Norwegian authors on the basis of the merit of a recent publication. It is awarded on merit, irrespective of the publisher, base on a binding recommendation from the Norwegian Critics Organization. The prize consists of a statuette and 100,000 kroner (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19783453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783453" title="Svíčková">
Svíčková

Svíčková, or svíčková na smetaně (beef sirloin in cream sauce), is a typical Czech dish and one of the most popular Czech meals. It is sirloin prepared with vegetables (carrots, parsley root, celeriac and onion), spiced with black pepper, allspice, bay leaf and thyme, and boiled with double cream. It is generally served with "houskové knedlíky" (bread dumplings).
Preparation.
Beef (round or brisket) is marinated for up to three days before it is roasted and thickly sliced. A gravy is made from a part of this strained marinade, beef stock (optional) and sour cream. It is served with bread dumplings, rarely sauerkraut, and (as is currently done in the Czech Republic) sometimes cranberry sauce.
Varieties.
"Svíčková na smetaně" is served with a cream ("smetana") topping and usually with cranberry sauce and slice of lemon in many restaurants around the Czech Republic. 
Bohemian immigrants to the United States following the First World War have passed on an older variation of the dish to subsequent generations, while regional tastes and product availability have influenced its preparation. Svíčková made in the Chicago area, for example, rarely includes vegetables in its final presentation, but instead incorporates them into a vinegar-based marinade suffused with crushed allspice and bay leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19783483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783483" title="Oak Hill Historic District (Oak Hill, Alabama)">
Oak Hill Historic District (Oak Hill, Alabama)

The Oak Hill Historic District is a historic district in the community of Oak Hill, Alabama. It was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 26, 1998. The district is roughly centered on the intersection of AL 10 and AL 21. It contains , 56 buildings, and 7 structures with the architectural styles ranging from mid-19th century revival to Victorian.

</doc>
<doc id="19783494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783494" title="Lumpkin's jail">
Lumpkin's jail

Lumpkin’s Jail, also known as “the Devil’s half acre” was a slave jail located in Richmond, Virginia, just three blocks from where the capitol building sits today. It was active from the 1830s through the Civil War. Richmond was the nerve center for slave trading and boasted the largest running operation outside of New Orleans. Robert Lumpkin was one of many Richmond based slave dealers.
History.
Robert Lumpkin purchased three lots on Wall Street in Shockoe Bottom on November 27, 1844 for roughly six thousand dollars; however, he wasn’t actually listed as the owner until 1848. Although named after Lumpkin, the property had two previous owners and the jail had already been established by the time Lumpkin acquired the property. There were four other lots on Wall Street (now 15th Street) that contained slave jails; the area was collectively referred to as Lumpkin’s Alley.
It is unknown where the building actually stood, but the two-story brick slave jail, approximately eighty feet by one hundred sixty feet, was located just down the hill from the main house. It temporarily housed men, women, and children until they were auctioned off to plantation owners. Each slave was held in a separate room that was roughly six square feet. The jail was situated along Shockoe Creek and featured “barred windows, high fences, chained gates opening to the rutted streets, and all seen and smelled through a film of cooking smoke and stench of human excrement.” It was said to more closely resemble a chicken coop, and to have retained a "whipping room," where slaves were beaten and abused. When the site was excavated, however, no whipping rings, iron bars or other typical artifacts associated with slavery were ever found; ceramics, glassware, clay tobacco pipes, and toys made up the vast majority of artifacts found.
After the Jail.
In April 1865 the Union Army captured Richmond, and all slaves were emancipated. Lumpkin died shortly after the end of the Civil War, leaving all his property to his wife, and former slave, Mary Lumpkin. In 1867, she sold the land to Nathaniel Colver, a Baptist minister looking for a place to establish an exclusively black seminary. The Colver Institute, later Richmond Theological Seminary, and finally Virginia Union University, made use of the buildings for three years. The land went from being colloquially referred to as “the Devil’s half acre” to “God’s half acre.” It is most likely the buildings on Lumpkin’s lot were destroyed in 1976. Richmond Iron Works was eventually built over the original foundation. Today, the Interstate 95 embankment and a parking lot for university students cover the area.
Inmates.
Over the many years the Lumpkin Jail was in operation, it saw thousands of slaves come and go. The most famous inmate ever known to reside in Lumpkin’s Jail was Anthony Burns. Burns had escaped slavery, but was recaptured in Boston and held in Lumpkin’s Jail while he awaited trial. He was later freed by northern abolitionists.

</doc>
<doc id="19783513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783513" title="Raimundo Aguilera">
Raimundo Aguilera

Raimundo Aguilera Solís (born 7 January 1949 in Itacurubí de la Cordillera, Paraguay) is a retired football goalkeeper. He was a very skilled player, known for his agility and ball-handling, which helped him achieve the record of not conceding a goal in 1000 minutes twice during his career. Aguilera was known as the "Arquero de América" (goalkeeper of America).
Career.
Aguilera started his career in the youth divisions of Club Guaraní and eventually made it to the first team in 1965 after starting goalkeeper Isidro Alonso got injured. He was part of the "golden era" of Club Guaraní in the 1960s, where the team won most of its 1st division championships (a total of three, Aguilera was part of two in 1967 and 1969). In 1971, he signed for Brazilian club Portuguesa and eventually transferred to Europe in 1975 where he played for Valencia CF. In 1976 he was back to Brazil to play for Botafogo before returning to Paraguay to play for Atletico Colegiales and retire.
Aguilera played for the Paraguay national football team a total of 11 times between 1967 and 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19783520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783520" title="Dave Given">
Dave Given

Dave Given (born May 14, 1954 in Summit, New Jersey) is a retired American ice hockey right winger. He played one game in the World Hockey Association for the Vancouver Blazers. He is an alumnus of Brown University.

</doc>
<doc id="19783558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783558" title="Idiot Grin">
Idiot Grin

"Idiot Grin" is the second single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi released by Virgin Records in September 1985 from their "Domestic Harmony" album. Both sides were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway, drummer Dorland Bray, bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. Previous single "Man Overboard" had been a surprise top 5 hit, but "Idiot Grin", which was also produced and engineered by Gavin McKillop, only peaked at #43 on the National singles charts.
Background.
Do-Ré-Mi had formed in Sydney in 1981 when Deborah Conway (lead vocals) and Dorland Bray (drums, percussion, backing vocals), both previously in Melbourne-based group The Benders, joined Helen Carter (bass, backing vocals) ex-Friction. Stephen Philip (guitar), ex-Thought Criminals, was initially a studio musician for their debut EP, "Do-Ré-Mi" released in August 1982 and was asked to join formally. They returned to the studio almost immediately and recorded "The Waiting Room" EP which was released in January 1983. "Man Overboard" was released as a single in June 1985, from "Domestic Harmony" on Virgin Records, and peaked at #5 on the Australian singles charts. The follow-up single from the same album, "Idiot Grin", was less successful than "Man Overboard" peaking at #43.
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Deborah Conway, Dorland Bray, Helen Carter and Stephen Philip.
Personnel.
Do-Ré-Mi members
Additional musicians
Recording details
Art work

</doc>
<doc id="19783560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783560" title="Appell series">
Appell series

In mathematics, Appell series are a set of four hypergeometric series "F"1, "F"2, "F"3, "F"4 of two variables that were introduced by and that generalize Gauss's hypergeometric series 2"F"1 of one variable. Appell established the set of partial differential equations of which these functions are solutions, and found various reduction formulas and expressions of these series in terms of hypergeometric series of one variable.
Definitions.
The Appell series "F"1 is defined for |"x"| < 1, |"y"| < 1 by the double series:
where the Pochhammer symbol ("q")"n" represents the rising factorial:
For other values of "x" and "y" the function "F"1 can be defined by analytic continuation.
Similarly, the function "F"2 is defined for |"x"| + |"y"| < 1 by the series:
the function "F"3 for |"x"| < 1, |"y"| < 1 by the series: 
and the function "F"4 for |"x"|½ + |"y"|½ < 1 by the series: 
Recurrence relations.
Like the Gauss hypergeometric series 2"F"1, the Appell double series entail recurrence relations among contiguous functions. For example, a basic set of such relations for Appell's "F"1 is given by:
Any other relation valid for "F"1 can be derived from these four.
Similarly, all recurrence relations for Appell's "F"3 follow from this set of five:
Derivatives and differential equations.
For Appell's "F"1, the following derivatives result from the definition by a double series:
From its definition, Appell's "F"1 is further found to satisfy the following system of second-order differential equations:
Similarly, for "F"3 the following derivatives result from the definition:
And for "F"3 the following system of differential equations is obtained:
Integral representations.
The four functions defined by Appell's double series can be represented in terms of double integrals involving elementary functions only . However, discovered that Appell's "F"1 can also be written as a one-dimensional Euler-type integral:
This representation can be verified by means of Taylor expansion of the integrand, followed by termwise integration.
Special cases.
Picard's integral representation implies that the incomplete elliptic integrals "F" and "E" as well as the complete elliptic integral Π are special cases of Appell's "F"1:

</doc>
<doc id="19783576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783576" title="Francisco Marroquín">
Francisco Marroquín

Francisco Marroquín (1499 – April 18, 1563) was the first bishop of Guatemala and translator of Central American languages.
Marroquín was born near Santander, Spain. He studied philosophy and theology in Osuna. After entering the priesthood, Marroquín became a professor at the University of Osma where he met Bishop García de Loaisa, an adviser to Emperor Charles V. Marroquín became a priest in the Spanish royal court. In 1528 the conquistador Pedro de Alvarado, Governor of Guatemala, was in Spain and met Marroquín; he convinced the priest to accompany him back to Guatemala.
After first arriving in Mexico, he traveled onwards to Guatemala with Alvarado, in May 1528. On April 11, 1530, he was appointed parish priest of Guatemala. On December 18, 1534, he was made bishop of Santiago and later provisional governor of Guatemala.
Marroquín founded the School of Saint Thomas in 1559 (now the University of San Carlos of Guatemala) as part of his efforts to educate the native people. He became a scholar of the K'iche' language and published the first catechism in that language.
Although Universidad Francisco Marroquín is named after him, the university does not follow any of his philosophies or teachings.

</doc>
<doc id="19783579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783579" title="Valabh Committee">
Valabh Committee

The Valabh Committee, named after its Chair Arthur Valabh, was a New Zealand government appointed committee tasked with reviewing various aspects of the income tax system in the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
Although originally convened to review proposals for a capital gains tax the Committee ended up making a number of recommendations for fundamental reform of the scheme and structure of the New Zealand tax legislation, most of which were implemented. 
The Committee had a lasting impact on the direction of tax reform, the style and drafting of the income tax legislation as well as numerous specific recommendations for the tax treatment of, for example, depreciation and partnerships.
Committee members.
The formal name of the Valabh Committee was the “Consultative Committee on the Taxation of Income from Capital”. The Committee comprised:
It was supported by a secretary (Greg Cole) as well as by officials from both the Inland Revenue Department and the Treasury.
Background.
The 1980s were a period of considerable economic and tax reform in New Zealand. New Zealand had never had a formal capital gains tax system (unlike virtually every other OECD nation. The government was considering implementing a capital gains tax and issued a consultative document as part of the (then) process of tax reform.
The Committee appointed to review submissions in response to the Consultative Document instead reported to government that it did not consider the state of the tax system at that time sufficiently robust to support additional reform of this nature. The government accepted this recommendation and re-tasked the Committee to advise it on the structural reforms required.
Key proposals.
The Committee subsequently published 5 discussion papers:
In addition the Committee separately reported to government on the reform of the tax depreciation rules.
Core provisions and scheme.
The thrust of the Core Provisions and Key Reforms Papers was to ensure that the income tax legislation was appropriately structured and ordered to facilitate the understanding of the rules as well as to allow for further reform to be implemented effectively.
This work lead directly to the Working Party on the Reorganisation of the Income Tax Act 1976 and the complete rewrite of the legislation.
Company taxation and dividends.
The proposals made in the Company Distribution Paper led to a revised definition of what constituted a dividend under New Zealand tax law as well as the introduction of a small company taxation regime (“qualifying company” regime).
Depreciation.
The Committee’s recommendations resulted in a new tax depreciation regime introduced in 1993.
Interest deductibility.
The government accepted the Committee’s recommendation for a significantly more liberal regime for the deduction of interest for tax purposes.
Partnerships.
Recommendations for the reform of the tax treatment of partnerships was finally implemented by government in 2007 

</doc>
<doc id="19783627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783627" title="List of New Orleans Pelicans broadcasters">
List of New Orleans Pelicans broadcasters

Broadcasters for the New Orleans Pelicans, New Orleans Hornets, and Charlotte Hornets National Basketball Association team.

</doc>
<doc id="19783649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783649" title="Komfort Koach 200">
Komfort Koach 200

There have been two NASCAR Busch Series (now Nationwide Series) races named the Komfort Koach 200:

</doc>
<doc id="19783689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783689" title="Trevor Metcalfe">
Trevor Metcalfe

Trevor Metcalfe born May 1939 in Brotton, Yorkshire is a British illustrator and comic book artist. Known for his comic strips in IPC Magazines comics such as Sweet Tooth and Junior Rotter in "Whizzer and Chips".
Influences include Leo Baxendale, Reg Parlett and Walt Disney.
Biography.
Metcalfe became interested in drawing at age eight during a stay in hospital His main influence being his idol sports cartoonist Tom Webster. He first submitted work to his local newspaper alongside art school mate Robert Nixon. After his National Service he obtained work for DC Thomson drawing his own strip Babes and Bullies for "The Dandy Annual".
In "Whizzer and Chips" he drew for many years his most famous characters Junior Rotter The strip was about a boy called Junior Rotter (or J.R.) who is always scheming up plans which generally fail. The character is loosely based on the character of the same name from the television soap opera "Dallas". His sister in the comic strip was called Sue Helen who, in contrast to her brother, was a decent, charming and helpful person. Being chalk-and-cheese characters meant that JR and Sue Helen's sibling rivalry extended into all-out conflict.
Sweet Tooth first appearing in January 1973. A "Whizz-Kid" in the comic, and about a boy who has a fixation for sweets, continually hounded by Greedy Greg (originally Bully Bloggs), A main feature of the comic was the prominent front tooth that the character always displayed. Though other artists drew strips from time to time, Metcalfe was the main artist throughout.
For "The Beano", he understudied Billy Whizz for David Parkins in the early 1990s in his traditional style, and replaced Wayne Thompson on the same character between 2005 and 2007 using a graphics tablet, drawing in a style somewhere between his own and Thompson's. He has also briefly took over drawing Bob Nixon's strips such as Roger the Dodger and Ivy the Terrible, and drew several Les Pretend strips in 2004-2005.
He left DC Thomson in 2007, leaving billy whizz without an artist for two years, until Nick Brennan took over in October 2009.
In more recent years he has done more serious illustrations, Work is now in TV licensed tie-in comics and magazines, he has gone entirely digital working with a Wacom tablet at his Apple Mac working on Thomas The Tank Engine art in Adobe Illustrator and coloured in Photoshop. He drew warring brothers strip Growing Paynes for the dandy in the 1990s.
He draws comics in Ronald McDonald & Friends Magazine.
In 2010 he began work on a charity-oriented iPhone game called Cent Hope, marking his first foray into creating graphics for smartphone games.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19783692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783692" title="Window on the Plains Museum">
Window on the Plains Museum

Window on the Plains Museum offers displays of ranching, farming, industrial, business, and family life exhibits of the Texas Panhandle during the late 19th and 20th centuries. It is located in Dumas, the seat of Moore County, at 1820 South Dumas Avenue on the common United States Highways 287 and 87. Dumas is approximately fifty miles north of Amarillo.
Originally housed in the ballroom of the landmark Sneed Hotel and first known as the Moore County Historical Museum, the facility was dedicated on Bicentennial Day, July 4, 1976. It was relocated in 2001 to a modern building on a tract in southwest Dumas and renamed "Window on the Plains". The facility also houses a research and archives center, and the Moore County Art Association is located next door.
The origin of the museum dates to January 1976, when representatives of the Moore County Historical Commission, the art association, and the Bicentennial Committee met to consider the establishment of a county museum. Collier Phillips, then president of the historical commission, was elected temporary chairman. A steering committee met with the county commissioners in February to seek permission to use the first floor of the hotel, now the Lew Haile Annex. The building had been donated to the county by Elizabeth Sneed Pool Robinette. The commissioners agreed to the proposal, work soon began on remodeling, building exhibit areas, acquiring and placing artifacts, and documenting records. Some fifty-two persons donated more than five thousand hours of labor, having completed the task in time for the formal dedication on July 4.
Local history.
The museum contains a section on the local history of Dumas and Moore County. The origin of the city dates to 1891 when it was laid out by the Panhandle Townsite Company, headed by Louis Dumas (April 16, 1856—January 5, 1923), originally from Sister Grove near Dallas. Dumas and his wife, Florence (November 17, 1861—June 9, 1927), originally from Pilot Point in Denton County, were living near Dallas, when they lost a daughter, Johnnie (1881–1888). Dumas came to Moore County, while his grief-stricken wife stayed behind for a time before she joined her husband. After a blizzard again devastated Dumas in 1895, the couple returned to Sherman, the seat of Grayson County, where they died four years apart during the 1920s. Dumas hence lived only about seven years in the Panhandle city which bears his name.
During the 1880s, a drift fence of barbed wire was built to hold back cattle from Oklahoma, Colorado, and Kansas from crossing into the Texas Panhandle during blizzards. It was strung along the northern boundary of each ranch. The fence extended for two hundred miles in Texas, with a gate every three miles. In 1889, Texas passed a law prohibiting fencing of public property, and the fence was removed in 1890. It had been particularly disastrous for the cattle in 1887, when they were unable to head south for greener pastures during a blizzard.
Moore County is named for Commodore Edwin Ward Moore of the Texas Navy during the Republic of Texas and a friend of Robert E. Lee. Dumas became the county seat in 1892. In 1893, Louis Dumas donated land for the Moore County Courthouse, which was completed the following year at a cost of $6536. The original courthouse was replaced in the 1930s and still serves the county. The first state bank was established in Dumas in 1908. In time, it became the First National Bank of Amarillo, is now a branch of Bank of America. 
Oil was found in Moore County in 1927. On July 29, 1956, eighteen, mostly volunteer, firefighters died while trying to extinguish a blaze at the Shamrock Refinery in Dumas, now owned by Valero Energy Corporation. Ken Floyd and Gabriel Horn prepared a documentary on the fire and the heroic efforts of the lost. There is also a monument at the Moore County Courthouse honoring the firefighters. 
Lew Haile (April 25, 1878—March 19, 1961), for whom the county annex building is named, was a Moore County commissioner from 1910 to 1952, the longest tenure thus far for such a local official in Texas. Noel McDade (1882–1979), the first Dumas mayor (1930–1935) served as the Moore County administrative judge from 1935–1945. He was posthumously named "Citizen of the Century" in 1992.
List of exhibits and photographs.
Museum exhibits include the following:
There is a large windmill and other exhibits outside the museum. Volunteers known as "Windmillers" help with various tasks about the facility, including welcomng guests. Museum hours are daily except Sundays from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. There is no admission charge, but donations are welcome.

</doc>
<doc id="19783713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783713" title="Kenneth Fulton">
Kenneth Fulton

Kenneth Fulton,MME - Ph.D is the Sanders Alumni Professor of Choral Studies and Chair of the Division of Ensembles and Conducting at Louisiana State University (LSU)'s College of Music and Dramatic Arts. He is conductor of the LSU A Cappella Choir and teaches choral music. Internationally recognized as a conductor and clinician, Fulton has appeared professionally in 32 different states. Dr. Fulton's choirs have given 18 invitational performances for national audiences of the American Choral Directors Association and the Music Educators National Conference, the College Music Society, the Sonneck Society, and the American Musicological Society, as well as numerous regional performances. He was also chorus master for the Baton Rouge Symphony Chorus for fifteen years and Artistic Director/Conductor for the Linz International Choral Festival in Linz, Austria, where he annually conducted performances with the Festival Orchestra and Chorus. Dr. Fulton is known as one of the most respected university choral conductors in America.

</doc>
<doc id="19783714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783714" title="Moskalenko">
Moskalenko

Moskalenko is a Ukrainian surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19783745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783745" title="Languages of Botswana">
Languages of Botswana

The official language of Botswana is English, which was inherited from colonial rule ("see: Bechuanaland Protectorate"). Setswana is spoken by around 78% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="19783751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783751" title="Joseph Friedrich Nicolaus Bornmüller">
Joseph Friedrich Nicolaus Bornmüller

Joseph Friedrich Nicolaus Bornmüller (February 6, 1862 – December 19, 1948) was a German botanist born in Hildburghausen, Thuringia.
He studied horticulture in Potsdam, and in 1886 traveled to the Balkans and Greece on his first botanical expedition. In 1887-88 he worked at the botanical garden in Belgrade, and during his subsequent career conducted botanical studies widely throughout the Middle East, Asia Minor and North Africa. In his research, he also visited Greece, Madeira and the Canary Islands. 
In 1903 he succeeded Heinrich Carl Haussknecht (1838–1903) as curator of the "Haussknecht Herbarium" at Weimar, a position he maintained until 1938. In 1918 he was awarded an honorary professorship from the University of Jena.
Among Bornmüller's many publications was a treatise on Macedonian flora titled "Beiträge zur Flora Mazedoniens" (1925–1928). The plant genus "Bornmuellerantha" from the family Scrophulariaceae is named in his honor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19783768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783768" title="Norwegian Critics' Association">
Norwegian Critics' Association

The Norwegian Critics' Association ("Norsk litteraturkritikerlag") is an organization for Norwegian critics in the newspaper and broadcasting professions. 
Former independent critic teams merged into Norwegian Critics Association in 1998. The oldest team was founded in 1927 as the Norwegian Theatre and Music Critics Association ("Norsk Teater- og Musikkritikerforening"). Critics teams in literature and art were created respectively in 1946 (Norwegian Literature Critics) and 1949 (Norwegian Art Critics).
The association was initially created to promote a high standard of critical ethics. The association aims to safeguard the members' professional and economic interests while promoting quality in the arts and striving for quality and independence in criticism. This organization arranges seminars, meetings, open debates, and writing courses, which mark the critics role in public and creative environments.
One of their most significant contributions to Norwegian culture is the award of the Norwegian Critics Prize for Literature ("Kritikerprisen for årets beste voksenbok" or "Kritikerprisen"), which has been awarded every year since 1950. The prize is presented to a Norwegian author for a literary work as agreed to among the members. Other significant contributions to Norwegian cultural life are the Norwegian Theatre Critics Award ("Teaterkritikerprisen" or "Kritikerprisen"), which has been awarded every year since 1939 (except 1940-45), the Norwegian Music Critics Award ("Musikkritikerprisen" or "Kritikerprisen"), which has been awarded every year since 1947, and the Norwegian Dance Critics Award ("Dansekritikerprisen" or "Kritikerprisen"), which has been awarded every year since 1977.
Since 1978 they have also awarded "Kritikerprisen for årets beste skjønnlitterære barne- eller ungdomsbok", a prize for the best work of children's literature. Since 1994, "Prisen Årets litteraturkritiker", has been awarded for literature criticism. Starting during 2003, the Association introduced the Critics prize for the best translation ("Kritikerprisen for beste oversettelse").

</doc>
<doc id="19783782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783782" title="Daniel Widing">
Daniel Widing

Daniel Widing (born April 13, 1982) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He is currently a right winger for Espoo Blues in the Finnish SM-liiga.
International play.
Widing played for Sweden at the 2001 and 2002 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, and the 2008 IIHF World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19783783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783783" title="Population of Canadian federal ridings">
Population of Canadian federal ridings

This is a list of Canada's 308 federal electoral districts (also known as ridings in Canadian English) as defined by the "2003 Representation Order", which came into effect on May 23, 2004. The ridings are organized by population.

</doc>
<doc id="19783791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783791" title="Jonathan Foreman (journalist)">
Jonathan Foreman (journalist)

Jonathan Foreman (born 1965) is an Anglo-American journalist and film critic.
He is the son of Academy-Award winning screenwriter and film producer Carl Foreman (1914–1984), who moved to England in order to work after being blacklisted by Hollywood movie studio bosses during the hysteria of the McCarthy era. He is the elder brother of the best-selling biographer Amanda Foreman.
Foreman was born in London, and educated at St Paul's School before reading Modern History at Cambridge University. After working as an editorial assistant for the International Herald Tribune, Foreman received his J.D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He became a member of the New York Bar in 1991 and worked for the Manhattan firm, Shearman and Sterling. After several years at the bar, he described his decision to leave the law in a widely cited critique of New York company culture, for the magazine City Journal.
Foreman then traveled widely in Asia, winning the South Asian Journalists Association first prize for reporting in 1997 for the "City Journal" piece, "Bombay on the Hudson". He won another prize from the same group in 2009 for his article in the National Review, "The Real Bhutto: Against the Mythmaking". On his return to New York, Foreman wrote another article for "City Journal" that was cited by then New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani as the inspiration for the "quality of life" law enforcement efforts enacted in his second term in office. 
In April 1998 Foreman joined the New York Post and soon became their film critic. He served as Chairman of the New York Critics Circle, stepping down in 2004. On the outbreak of the Iraq war Foreman was sent by the New York Post to report from Iraq. Embedded with the U.S. Army's 3rd Infantry Division in Kuwait at the beginning of March, he arrived in Baghdad a day after the city's fall, and reported from there until the beginning of June. He had a global scoop with his report of the discovery of $320 million in cash in a West Baghdad garden shed, and a second one with his report that some of this money was subsequently stolen by G.I.'s. While embedded with the army, Foreman wrote an article for the "Weekly Standard" in which he wrote that most Western press coverage of the conditions in Baghdad portrayed conditions as much worse than they really were. On the strength of his Iraq coverage, the Post subsequently sent him to cover the California recall election of October 2003.
Jonathan Foreman returned to London in 2004. After a couple of years with The Daily Mail, Foreman became one of the founders of the British magazine "Standpoint", launched in May 2008. The first major current affairs magazine to be launched since the dawn of the Blair era, Standpoint is a broadly center-right magazine intended to "celebrate Western civilization". Foreman left the staff of the magazine a few months after its launch but continues to write for it.
Jonathan Foreman's work has appeared in publications all over the world, including, amongst others, "The New Yorker", "The National Review", "The London Daily Telegraph", "The Weekly Standard", "City Journal", the "National Law Journal", "Los Angeles" and "Spy". He is the author of "The Pocket Book of Patriotism".

</doc>
<doc id="19783807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783807" title="Gita Johar">
Gita Johar

Gita Johar is the Senior Vice Dean and a Professor of Business at Columbia Business School, Columbia University. She is known for her research in the field of Consumer behavior, particularly in the area of consumer inference making in advertising and communication. In 2006, she was appointed the Meyer Feldberg Professor of Business at Columbia Business School. Johar has been the Vice Dean for Research at Columbia Business School.
Academic career.
Johar is a graduate of IIM Calcutta. In her doctoral thesis at the Stern School of Business, New York University, Johar focused on the role of consumer involvement in drawing false inferences from advertisements (deceptive advertising). She joined Columbia University in 1992, received tenure in 2000, became a full professor in 2002 and was appointed the Meyer Feldberg Professor of Marketing (a named chair) in 2006.
Research.
Much of Professor Johar's research deals with the way people interpret messages and on how attributes of the source and characteristics of the message can affect the way a recipient interprets the message. In one series of studies, she shows that people with baby-faces (rounder facial characteristics) are considered to be more honest while people with mature faces are considered to be more competent. This research has implications in a variety of situations, from companies in crisis to the messages of presidential candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="19783822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783822" title="Walzer">
Walzer

Walzer (and its variant Waltzer) may refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19783828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783828" title="HMS Forward">
HMS Forward

Four ships and two shore establishments of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Forward":
Ships
Shore establishments

</doc>
<doc id="19783858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783858" title="Artemisia bigelovii">
Artemisia bigelovii

Artemisia bigelovii is a species of sagebrush known by the common name Bigelow sagebrush. 
Distribution.
It is native to the southwestern United States, where it grows in desert, basin, grassland, and juniper woodland habitats. It is very drought-tolerant and lives in arid regions on sandy and limestone-rich soils. 
Description.
"Artemisia bigelovii" is a bushy shrub growing from a woody base and reaching a maximum height around half a meter. It has many slender, curving branches with shreddy bark and is generally rounded in shape. 
The stem branches and leaves are coated in silvery hairs, giving the plant a gray color. The leaves are less than 3 centimeters long and may end in a point or in three distinct teeth. 
The inflorescence is a panicle of flower heads containing yellowish disc florets and occasionally a small ray floret. The fruit is a tiny achene about a millimeter long. 
Uses.
This species of sagebrush is good winter fodder for grazing animals and it is cultivated as plant cover on recovering rangeland and for erosion control.

</doc>
<doc id="19783893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783893" title="Ataxia (album)">
Ataxia (album)

Ataxia is the sixth studio album released by alternative / psychedelic-rock band Circus Devils on October 31, 2008. All songs on Ataxia were written and performed by Robert Pollard, Todd Tobias, and Tim Tobias.
Reaction.
"The music jumps from dark crawlspace paranoia to sexy swaggering rock to postpunk jerky new wave to ethereal planes of exultation, all within matters of seconds. One moment you’re bobbing your head and the next moment you’re terrified, asking yourself, “What’s going on here? This is scaring me.” And though Circus Devils have always followed whatever crooked and strange or delicately beautiful paths they’ve chosen, their records have gotten consistently more and more intricate, refined, bold, and solid, "Ataxia" being their most dynamic and strange offering as of yet." 
- "Steve Five" for Skyscraper Magazine (issue #29)
"The determinedly annoying Circus Devils' sixth album finds Robert Pollard sounding like a peyote-visionary lumberjack who has wandered into a rehearsal by a 1970s progressive-rock band, then edited the giant jams down into exhilarating two-minute slivers. "Ataxia" is Yes’s Tales From Topographic Oceans remade in miniature from pottery fragments and human toenail clippings." 
-- "Stewart Lee" for "The London Sunday Times".
"The overall tone of "Ataxia" is almost Gothic in its dark mystique. Songs seem to bubble up amidst a cauldron of haunting, atmospheric sounds. "Get Me Extra!," for example, emerges from an uneasy haze of feedback, while opener "Under Review" has to battle a morose drone in order to attain footing. This makes for an intriguing album that is more than a set of songs, but instead a continuing story; this, in turn, frames the record's better songs nicely." 
- Indieville.com

</doc>
<doc id="19783958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783958" title="Mating (novel)">
Mating (novel)

Mating is a novel by American author Norman Rush. It is a first-person narrative by an unnamed American anthropology graduate student in Botswana around 1980. It focuses on her relationship with Nelson Denoon, a controversial American anthropologist who has founded an experimental matriarchal village in the Kalahari desert.
"Mating" won the 1991 National Book Award for Fiction.(With essays by Lee Taylor Gaffigan and Jim Shepard from the Awards 60-year anniversary blog.)</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19783963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783963" title="Xtra-Acme USA">
Xtra-Acme USA

Xtra-Acme USA is the US follow up to the album Acme by the group Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. It is a collection of B-sides and remixes of songs originally appearing on the main album. This release differs slightly from the UK version called Acme Plus. Two tracks from Xtra-Acme USA are not included in Acme Plus "(Lovin' Machine (Automator) and Calvin (Zebra Ranch))", however the same is true for the Acme Plus album. Two of the tracks contained on it (Right Place, Wrong Time and I Wanna Make it All Right (Zebra Ranch) are not on the track listing of Xtra-Acme USA.
Artwork.
The album cover features actress Winona Ryder, who starred in the music video for "Talk About The Blues", which appeared in the band's sixth studio album ACME.

</doc>
<doc id="19783970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783970" title="Snow Hill Normal and Industrial Institute">
Snow Hill Normal and Industrial Institute

The Snow Hill Normal and Industrial Institute, also known as the Colored Industrial and Literary Institute of Snow Hill, was a historic African American school in Snow Hill, Alabama. It was founded in 1893 by Dr. William J. Edwards, a graduate of Tuskegee University, and began in a one-room log cabin. The school grew over time to include a campus of 27 buildings, a staff of 35, and over 400 students. The school was operated as a private school for African American children until Dr. Edward's retirement in 1924, when it became a public school operated by the State of Alabama. The school closed in 1973, after the desegregation of the Wilcox County school system. Out of the original 27 buildings, only eight survive today. They range in architectural style from Queen Anne to Craftsman and include the founder's home, five teachers' cottages, and the library. The National Snow Hill Alumni Association and the local Snow Hill Institute supporters determined to save the remaining structures in 1980. The school was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 24, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19783979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783979" title="Confederates (novel)">
Confederates (novel)

Confederates is a novel by the Australian author Thomas Keneally which uses the American Civil War as its main subject matter.
"Confederates" "uses the United States Civil War as a setting for a more personal conflict between neighbors. In the midst of the war's climactic battle -- Antietam -- another conflict is underway. Ephie Bumpass' husband Usaph and Ephie's lover Decatur Cate are thrown together to fight in the Shenandoah Volunteers. Cate's emasculating injury in the battle is a symbolic punishment for his sin.

</doc>
<doc id="19783982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19783982" title="Antiochus II of Commagene">
Antiochus II of Commagene

Antiochus II Epiphanes, also known as Antiochus II of Commagene (, flourished 1st century BC) was a man of Armenian and Greek descent. Antiochus II was a Prince from the Kingdom of Commagene and the second son of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Queen Isias Philostorgos. He was the youngest brother of prince and future King of Commagene, Mithridates II of Commagene.
Unfortunately very little is known on Antiochus II. Antiochus II in 29 BC was summoned to Rome by Roman emperor Augustus. Augustus had summoned him because he caused the assassination of an ambassador, whom Mithridates II had sent to Rome. Antiochus II was executed on Augustus’ orders.

</doc>
<doc id="19784040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19784040" title="Embalming (manga)">
Embalming (manga)

Two one-shot stories were first created: , which was originally published on November 1, 2005 in the first issue of "Jump the Revolution!" and later added to the final volume of Watsuki's previous manga series, "Busou Renkin"; and , which was released in the second issue of "Jump the Revolution!" on November 1, 2006. The series draws largely from the famed novel "Frankenstein", but also features references to "Sherlock Holmes" and the real-life Jack the Ripper.
Plot.
"Embalming" takes place in the last decade of the 19th century in Europe and is based on the idea that Victor Frankenstein actually existed and created an artificial human from bodyparts of dead people with the novel being a fictional account of non-fictional events (see Frankenstein's monster) and that even 150 years after this event, numerous scientists across Europe are using what's left of his notes to try and create their own monsters. These creatures are referred to as "Frankensteins". The series follows several main characters who are all involved in the Frankenstein research in different ways. Their stories are told in separate, but interconnected episodes or story arcs.
One-shots.
"Embalming -Dead Body and Bride"-.
The first one-shot published in 2005 follows John Doe and Little Rose, who are hired by a woman named Marigold to destroy the fifty Frankensteins created by Lord Cadaver. Lord Cadaver takes limbs from living people to create his monsters, he took over Marigold's family's factory, killing all but her and taking her legs, from which she is in bad health. For his fee John Doe takes limbs from beautiful women in order to make his Frankenstein bride, he accepts the job with Marigold's legs as payment. They go to the factory and John destroys all the Frankensteins and even though he doesn't kill humans, he makes an exception for Lord Cadaver. When they return Marigold dies, after burying her, Rose realizes that her butler was giving info to Lord Cadaver. After explaining that she has orders to follow John Doe and keep him from regaining his memory until she dies, she kills the butler.
During the "Dead Body and Lover" story arc in the serialization, the last half of this one-shot, beginning with John Doe battling Lord Cadaver's Frankensteins, was re-published and labeled as a "special sideline story". It was also combined into the first volume of the series, suggesting that it is part of the canon. Prior to that it was added to the last volume of Watsuki's previous series "Busou Renkin", and Viz Media retained it there for their English translation of the series.
"Embalming II -Dead Body and Lover".
The second one-shot published in 2006, follows Ashuhit Richter and Elm L. Renegade. While traveling they come across a woman named Kiefer who is trapped under a carriage and save her. Due to people being attacked on the road to her village, Ashuhit and Elm escort her. When they arrive they learn her village was wiped out by an epidemic, and when the doctor could not save them he turned them into Frankensteins. Kiefer lures travelers to the village and the Frankenstein, which is a large combination of the villagers all connected and controlled by Kiefer's Frankenstein brother, kills them for their bodies. After defeating it and the doctor, we learn that as children Ashuhit and Elm ran into the church when a Frankenstein, John Doe, was being created by Ashuhit's father. When it awoke it killed Elm and took Ashuhit's leg. Ashuhit begged his father to turn Elm into a Frankenstein, he agrees because she was his girlfriend.
During the "Dead Body and Lover" story arc in the serialization, this story was re-published and labeled as a "special sideline story". It was also combined into the first volume of the series, suggesting that it is part of the canon.
"Embalming -The Another Tale of Frankenstein-".
"Dead Body and Revenger".
The serialization begins in the Scottish Highlands in 188X, with Fury Flatliner and Wraith Allen getting revenge against the Frankenstein that killed their parents five years ago. Wraith is mortally wounded, Fury then attacks it but he and the monster are struck by lightning. He awakens in the home of Dr. Peaberry, who found him and gave him medical attention. When he arrives back at Lord Weiss's mansion, who took them in five years ago, Wraith is there waiting for him, now a Frankenstein himself. They learn from Dr. Peaberry that the largest production of Frankenstein's is in London, and decide to head there, Fury to destroy all of them and Wraith to learn about them. However, before leaving Wraith tells Fury that Lord Weiss is the one who turned him into a Frankenstein and that he adopted Edel as his daughter in hopes of turning her into a Frankenstein of his actual daughter. When Lord Weiss attempts to operate on Edel, Fury and Wraith stop him with the help of Dr. Peaberry. Wraith then kills Edel and it is revealed that Fury was turned into a Frankenstein by Dr. Peaberry. He attacks Wraith, but Wraith escapes with Weiss's notes and promises to meet in London. Dr. Peaberry informs Fury that she turned him into a monster with the specific purpose of having him kill all the others.
"Dead Body and Lover".
Ashuhit Richter and Elm L. Renegade from Ingolstadt, are traveling to London on a job. When picking up supplies at a Polar Route run inn, Ashuhit runs into Fury and Dr. Peaberry. We learn that 10 years ago Peaberry was an assistant to his father, but left after she was "marked". The priest that runs the inn tells the stray Frankenstein Cadaverick, who overheard, to kill Peaberry, although he is more interested in Ashuhit. At this time, Elm gets lost and ends up traveling with a young couple, Azalea and Phillip, who are on their way to Gretna Green to elope. She explains to them that Mary Shelley's novel "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus" was non-fiction and that she herself is a more advanced Frankenstein than the monster in the novel. She also tells them of Polar Route, a secret society that studies Frankensteins and claim to be the true successors to Victor Frankenstein. They are attacked by Cadaverick, who mistook Phillip for Ashuhit. After a battle with Elm, he is killed by Ashuhit.
"Dead Bodies in London".
Ashuhit and Elm go to the Diogenes Club to meet with their client, one of its founders Mike Roft (Mycroft Holmes). They are hired to find the Frankenstein Mary Jane Kelly, who was the fifth victim of Jack the Ripper. She was created in order to inform the investigators of Jack the Ripper, but killed her creator and escaped. Ashuhit has Mike Roft's brother, a famous detective (Sherlock Holmes), quickly find Fury and Peaberry and asks them to watch Elm while he hunts for Mary. Ashuhit, Dr. Peaberry and Frederick Abberline go to the home of a group of Frankenstein, who separated from Polar Route but agreed not to interfere with them, that are led by "the Count".
Characters.
An eighteen-year-old whose parents were killed by a Frankenstein five years ago, along with Wraith's and Edel's. He was turned into a Frankenstein by Dr. Peaberry, for the purpose of destroying all the others. They travel to London on his quest to destroy all of the Frankensteins.
A German doctor who came to the Scottish Highlands to study the Frankenstein. She helps save Edel and then travels to London with Fury. 10 years ago she was in Polar Route and an assistant to Ashuhit's father, Doktor Richter, she used the Richter family's secret technology to turn Fury into a Frankenstein. Her quest is to destroy the eight special type Frankensteins created by Doktor Richter.
A twenty-two-year-old nobleman from Ingolstadt, Germany, son of the number one Frankenstein researcher, and a member of Polar Route who specializes in maintaining Frankensteins. His right leg was torn off by John Doe, it is now a mechanical prosthetic that gives the limb super strength, holds ammo magazines, and has the ability to control electricity. His quest is to find a way to turn Elm fully back into a human.
A twenty-three-year-old German Frankenstein who travels to London with Ashuhit. Her body is that of a thirteen-year-old since that is the age at which she died. She was killed by John Doe and turned into a Frankenstein by Ashuhit's father since he was his girlfriend, though she doesn't know this. She has the ability of skin modification including; hardening it for protection, softening it to increase her jump, and uses it to speed up recovery from injuries. She can also turn her hand into a vacuum that sucks others' skin into it.
An eighteen-year-old whose parents were killed by a Frankenstein five years ago, along with Fury's and Edel's. After being mortally wounded by a Frankenstein, he is turned into one himself. He travels to London to study the Frankensteins.
The sixth special type Frankenstein created by Doktor Ricter, who has no recollection of his "true purpose" and travels with Rose. He killed Elm as soon as he was created. He has scars/stitched wounds on his left palm and on his chest, out of which comes some sort of blast that he uses to fight.
A woman who was told by the Polar Route to follow John Doe and make sure he never recovers his memory, she also maintains his body.
The real Edel Weiss, daughter of Lord Robert Weiss.
The fifth special type Frankenstein created by Doktor Ricter. She is a sensory-enhanced type.
Supporting.
A fifteen-year-old girl whose parents were killed by a Frankenstein five years ago, along with Fury's and Wraith's. She lost her memory that night and becomes the "daughter" of Lord Weiss. She is nearly identical to his actual daughter, except for her eye color being green instead of black.
A viscount and former professor of medicine. He took in Fury, Wraith and Edel five years ago, hiring the boys as gamekeepers and adopting Edel as his daughter.
A nineteen-year-old former barmaid from Liverpool who originally agrees to marry Philip so she can get his money, but actually falls in love with him.
A twenty-one-year-old heir to an overseas merchant gentry from Liverpool who fell in love with Azalea.
A stray Frankenstein, with the ability to harden his skin into horns and use his muscles to "shoot" them. As a human he was a criminal who was given the death penalty, his creator died in an electrical accident during his creation. His companion is Harpy, a chimera Frankenstein created from having a human brain and vocal chords implanted in an horned owl.

</doc>
<doc id="19784041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19784041" title="My Mother is Arb">
My Mother is Arb

My Mother is Arb (, "Kon Aeuy Madai Ahp", also "Krasue Mom") is a Cambodian horror film. 
Background.
This Khmer folklore-based movie was produced shortly after the fall of Pol Pot's destructive Democratic Kampuchea regime, during the painful rebuilding of Cambodian cultural life in the pro-Soviet People's Republic of Kampuchea. Since the Khmer Rouge had suppressed and persecuted Khmer folklore, this movie —which went back to the roots of traditional popular legends— became an immediate success with the Cambodian public after the long years of cultural uprooting.
"Kon Aeuy Madai Ahp" has the distinction of being the first movie made in Cambodia after the Khmer Rouge era.
This film is based on a Cambodian myth about a malevolent spirit called "Ap" or "Arp". This spirit has a female head and bloody entrails instead of a body. It hovers over the ground in the night, haunting places and scaring people. The special effect of the Arp character was achieved by gluing pig's entrails to the head of a doll.
Plot.
The film's story is about a young boy who lived alone with his mother in a big house on a remote location. One night he finds out his mother's well-kept secret by chance and he realizes that she is the evil spirit Arp. 
After that night, the boy lives in terror. He becomes afraid that his mother will kill him any time, but pretends that he does not know his mother's secret. The boy wonders what will become of him in the future, living with malevolent Arp under the same roof and what will happen if the secret becomes known and he hears everyone say: "Your mother is an Arp"

</doc>
<doc id="19784077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19784077" title="William L. Slayton House">
William L. Slayton House

The William L. Slayton House located in the Cleveland Park neighborhood in Washington, D.C., is a house that was designed by I.M. Pei in the International Style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 2, 2008, and was the 14th property listed as a featured property of the week in a program of the National Park Service that began in July, 2008.
Design.
The house's distinguishing feature is a poured-in-place concrete roof with three arched vaults. The front and rear elevations of the house are all glass, resulting in a largely transparent house. The side walls are pale red brick.
History.
The owner, William Slayton, met Pei in 1958 when they were both working in the office of William Zeckendorf. Zeckendorf developed rather utilitarian buildings such as parking garages, apartment complexes, and office buildings, but he had developed a love of architecture. In 1948, he wanted to become the patron of "the greatest unknown architect in the country", so he consulted with Nelson Rockefeller and embarked on a search which ended in his hiring I.M. Pei, who was then an assistant professor at Harvard University. Slayton was the vice-president in charge of the redevelopment of Washington's Southwest Urban Renewal Area. Slayton asked Pei in 1958 to design a home for him. Slayton recalled in his memoirs, "...on Ieoh Ming's and my next flight together, I asked if he would design us a house... He said he would be honored...but that I had to understand that it would have a major design feature that would be expensive." Slayton later served as the commissioner of the Urban Renewal Administration's Housing and Home Finance Agency during the John F. Kennedy administration.
Pei was known mostly as an architect of corporate buildings, municipal buildings, and art museums. He only designed three houses in his career. Besides the Slayton House, he designed his own residence in Katonah, New York, in 1954 and the Tandy House in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1969.

</doc>
