<doc id="19650595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650595" title="Teimuraz">
Teimuraz

Teimuraz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650605" title="Defense Companies (Syria)">
Defense Companies (Syria)

The Defense Companies (; "Saraya ad-Difa") were a paramilitary force in Syria that were commanded by Rifaat al-Assad. Their task was to defend the Assad regime, and Damascus, from internal and external attack. In 1984 they were merged into the Syrian Arab Army as the 4th Armoured division and the Republican Guard as well as the 14th Airborne Division comprising 5 Special Forces regiments.
History and deployment.
The lessons of the Six-Day War of 1967 pointed to the fact of the weak airborne and heavy armor capabilities of the Syrian Military. There was a perceptible lack of expertise in combined arms operations involving a combined deployment of armoured, artillery and airborne infantry units. Top Syrian military commanders and Hafez al Assad recognized the need to create a powerful and operationally self-sufficient Divisional command that would incorporate all the elements of modern combined arms. Also the political instability of the preceding decade in Syria pointed to the necessity of having a large and well-equipped body of highly loyal soldiers with strategic responsibilities of dealing with threats to the Baathist regime. From 1968 onwards many Alawite officers and soldiers from the regular Army were sent for advanced training to the Soviet Union in order to build up such a unit.
The Defense Companies were founded in 1971 under this plan and were organizationally and operationally independent of the regular armed forces. They were under the command of Rifaat al-Assad, the president's brother. The Defense Companies were garrisoned outside Damascus, with the primary mission of countering attempted coups and challenges to the Assad government. These special forces, however, also had military missions beyond the role of a praetorian guard.
The Defense Companies were initially trained by Soviet Spetsnaz special forces, VDV airborne forces, and the Soviet Army Tank Corps. They had regular Soviet advisors and conducted frequent war games and field exercises with the Soviet Army. Their expertise lay in Soviet-style combined arms operations involving armour, mechanized, artillery, and airborne forces. Defense Companies commanders were known to be personally close to several high-ranking Soviet military officials, like Vassily Margelov and Dmitri Sukhorukov, commanders of the VDF Airborne forces.
The Defence Companies served in Syria's first armed intervention in the Lebanese Civil War in 1976, especially the initial offensive operations against PLO and PSP positions in Sidon and the Chouf, and were involved in internal security operations during the nationwide strikes and demonstrations in Aleppo in March 1980 and in June 1980. Lt. Col. Nassif ran a revenge operation after an attempted assassination of the President in 1980, in which a Battalion of Defense Company soldiers killed up to 1,000 Tadmor Prison inmates suspected of belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood. In Spring 1982, 2 brigades of the Defence Companies and other elite armoured formations were deployed in Hama to quell an Islamist uprising, in what became known as the Hama Massacre. Members of the Defense Companies are alleged to have been involved in a February 1981 assassination attempt against the Prime Minister of Jordan Mudar Badran. In Lebanon, Defense Companies units supported pro-Syrian Lebanese militias, and cooperated closely with the Tripoli-based Arab Knights of the Arab Democratic Party (founded in 1981 by Rifaat al Assad and composed largely of Lebanese Alawis), and the Lebanese Baath Party and its militia, the Assad Battalion.
Structure and equipment.
Members of the approximately 55,000 strong Defense Companies were organised into companies of 120 to 200 men, which in turn were organized into Battalions of about 600 to 800 men, under a Lt. Col. Battalion Commanders were directly under the command of the Division Commander, Rifaat al-Assad, who actually held the rank of Brigadier throughout this period. There were separate Aviation squadrons and Artillery battalions within the Defense Companies. Most Defense Company soldiers, including Tank crewmen and Artillery personnel, received advanced commando and parachute training, as well as basic training in Tank warfare. The unit included a small but symbolically visible female parachutist corps.
The Defense Companies were equipped with some of the most modern weapons available to the Syrian Army, including T-72 tanks, BM-21 Grad rocket artillery units, 2S4 Tyulpan heavy mortar vehicles, 122 mm howitzer 2A18 (D-30) field artillery howitzers, and Mil Mi-24D and Mil Mi-8 attack helicopters, and could demand logistical help and support from the regular military. The Defense Company paratroop units were usually deployed from the AN-22 or IL-76 aircraft.
At their peak in 1983-84, the force had about 1200 T-72 Tanks, 120 Mil Mi-8 and 75 Mil Mi-24D attack helicopters, and three battalions (around 50 launch trucks) of BM-21 Grad systems. During this period (1973-1984), the whole Syrian Military only had 7 Grad battalions, and 3 of them were with the Defense Companies, illustrating the unit's importance in the Syrian Military hierarchy. They were also equipped with 4 units of the very powerful 2S4 Tyulpan 240-mm self-propelled heavy mortar vehicles. The 3rd and 10th Armoured Divisions were the only other Syrian division having access to this weapons system.
The soldiers were predominantly Alawites, the sectarian community of the Assad family. The Defense Companies recruited independently from the regular Army, and held separate recruitment campaigns mainly concentrated in a few Provinces . Ideological training and propaganda were intense, and focused on revolutionary Baathism, secular nationalism, Alawite pride, and a cult of "the Leader", Rifaat al-Assad.
The Defense Companies have also been deployed against Jordan. In late February 1981, some of their senior commanders, including Colonel Adnan Barakat, were alleged to have been involved in an abortive assassination attempt against Jordanian Prime Minister Mudir Badran. Members of the Defense Companies also reportedly have been sent abroad to monitor Syrian political exiles and to impede their activities. In Lebanon, Defense Companies units have supported pro-Syrian Lebanese militias, such as the Tripoli-based Arab Knights of the Arab Democratic Party (founded in 1981 by Rifaat al Assad and composed largely of Lebanese Alawis of Syrian origin), and the Lebanese Baath Party and its militia, the Assad Battalion. Following a power struggle between Rifaat al Assad and his rivals in the armed forces in early 1984, the Defense Companies were renamed Unit 569 and reorganized as a standard armored division with four armored and three mechanized brigades.
Training, Doctrine and Uniform.
Training consisted primarily of infantry training combined with Special Forces commando training modelled on the Soviet system. Recruits who passed this initial stage were given parachute training as well as advanced training either in airborne operations, artillery, Armour or Mechanized forces. Training for recruits usually was for 1 year whereas for officers it was for 2 years including a 4 month course at Soviet military academies. Howerever, almost all Defense Companies personnel were qualified paratroopers as well as had to pass a basic course on familiarization with Tanks and Tank warfare. Tank training and doctrine was focused on using Tanks and Armoured formations in urban warfare environments, close-quarters combat, and deployment of Tank units alongside Airborne special forces used as shock troops. According to several Defense Company commanders, they developed their own military theories and doctrines, especially a new armoured doctrine in which the Tank itself was to substitute as a Commando soldier in close-quarters urban combat. The Tank was to be considered as an individual commando in an urban combat situation, and thus Tank training was very intensive and focused on attaining unimaginable feats with the Tank. This included engaging targets at less than 20 metres range, firing the main gun from within a building, and so on. These tactics were developed by Saraya officers during the Muslim brotherhood insurgency in Hama and Aleppo, and in Lebanon. This strategy was used extensively by successor units of the Saraya in the Syrian Civil War.
The Saraya al-Difaa wore combat uniforms quite distinct from the regular Syrian military, their uniform consisted of lizard-patterned camouflage fatigues along with Soviet combat boots, helmets and bulletproof vests. Headgear consisted of a red or orange beret.
After basic training, the Saraya conducted their advanced courses at secret locations in the Damascus Countryside, Tartous mountains, and in Syrian-controlled parts of Lebanon. Much of the initial generations of Saraya soldiers had been trained in the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19650622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650622" title="Pork (band)">
Pork (band)

Pork is an Argentine post-grunge band founded in 2002 by the Bar Rabia twins. The band members are the Bar Rabia twins (Czar and Gaston), Nino Conde and the recent new member Max Mateo.
History.
In August 2006, Pork supported American band Fear Factory
The recording sessions took place between April and June 2007 at "Del Cielito Studio", which is now owned by local band Bersuit Vergarabat. The post-production and mastering was done by Eduardo Bergallo. The album, titled "Multiple Choice", was released in May 2008. The song "Akira" was the first single, and a video involving an anime character and the band can be seen on MTV and Much Music.
In July 2008, Pork played at the Adolescent Fest sponsored by MTV. In October 2008, Pork was selected to support American band Nine Inch Nails, playing right before the main act.

</doc>
<doc id="19650636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650636" title="Line Attack Heroes">
Line Attack Heroes


</doc>
<doc id="19650637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650637" title="Glaucosoma hebraicum">
Glaucosoma hebraicum

Glaucosoma hebraicum, the Westralian Jewfish, West Australian dhufish or West Australian pearl perch, is a species of pearl perch native to the waters around Australia from Shark Bay, Western Australia to the Archipelago of the Recherche at depths down to . This species can reach a length of TL though most do not exceed TL. The greatest recorded weight for this species is . This species is important to local commercial fisheries and is also popular as a game fish.
The pearlescent, silver-grey colour of this fish is broken by dark stripes. It is distinguished from a species found in the eastern states of Australia by a dark stripe over the eye region. This striping is prominent in juveniles and fades as the fish matures at about three or four years old.
The breeding season is between December and March, when it may be found in depths as shallow as 20 m, over reefs, but is otherwise found in deep waters.

</doc>
<doc id="19650647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650647" title="Nguyễn Hữu An">
Nguyễn Hữu An

Nguyễn Hữu An (October 1, 1926 – April 9, 1995) was a general in the Vietnamese People's Army.
Overview.
An was born in the Truong Yen Commune of the Hoa Lư District, Ninh Binh, Vietnam. He joined the People's Army of Vietnam in September 1945.
In the First Indochina War, An took part in several decisive battles. He participated in the battles of Bong Lau Pass and Lung Phay in 1949. The following year he took part in the Border Campaign, he was commander of Battalion 251- a key battalion of Regiment 174 (Cao Bac Lang Regiment), attacking and eliminating Dong Khe military post, which seized initial victory of the Campaign. He successively held titles of battalion commander, regiment deputy commander of victorious battles in Binh Lieu, Vĩnh Phúc, and Moc Chau. In the Battle of Dien Bien Phu, he was commander of Regiment 174 of Division 316, and three times took offensive attacks on Hill A1 (Éliane). On May 7, 1954 Regiment 174, under his command, completely eliminated the entrenched fortification of Hill A1, opening offensive lines into Muong Thanh field to put an end to the battle of Dien Bien Phu.
In the Vietnam War (aka "The American War").
In the Vietnam War, An commanded North Vietnamese forces in the Battle of Ia Drang. In 1974 he was promoted to Major General.
Ho Chi Minh Campaign.
In 1975, Major General Nguyen Huu An was Commander of 2nd Corps (Huong Giang Corps). 2nd Corps, under his command, successively captured Quảng Trị, Huế; and in combination with armed forces of Military Region No.5 defeated nearly 100.000 regular troops of the ARVN within just 3 days in Da Nang united military base, he then commanded the entire corps to march along nearly 1000 km to engage in the Ho Chi Minh Campaign after having destroyed the remote defensive line of the Sai Gon's army in Phan Rang.
In the last decisive fight to capture Saigon, 2nd Corps under the command of Nguyen Huu An was one of five wings to Saigon, who quickly planted the red flag onto top of the Independence Palace at 11h 30 on 30 April 1975.
In postwar time.
After the end of the Vietnam War, An continued serving in the Vietnamese military. He achieved the rank of Lieutenant General in 1980. Six years later, he was promoted to Colonel General. He held key posts in military such as Assistance Inspector General of the Vietnam People's Army, Deputy Chief concurrently Chief of Staff and Acting Commander of Military Region No.2 (1984–1987), Director of Army Academy (1988–1991), and Director of Academy of National Defense (1991–1995). He died in 1995.
He is called the "General of Battles" by famed General Vo Nguyen Giap.
Awards.
The Communist Party of Vietnam and State of Vietnam awarded him with:

</doc>
<doc id="19650650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650650" title="Michael Gregory (jazz guitarist)">
Michael Gregory (jazz guitarist)

Michael Gregory (born August 28, 1953 as Michael Gregory Jackson in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American jazz, blues and rock guitarist, singer, songwriter, composer, poet and producer. As of 2013 Michael returned to using his fullname, Michael Gregory Jackson when performing. 
Gregory began playing guitar at the age of seven. Early in his career, he was known as Michael Gregory Jackson and worked with avant-garde jazz musicians in the late 1970s and early 1980s, such as Pheeroan akLaff, Oliver Lake, and Baikida Carroll. Michael worked with Obie Award Winner playwright, author and poet Ntozake Shange (Where The Mississippi Meets The Amazon 1977 Directed by Oz Scott), author and poet JessicaHagedorn (Mango Tango 1978 Directed by Regge Life and Where The Mississippi  Meets The Amazon 1977 Directed by Oz Scott), and with author and poet Thulani Davis (Where The Mississippi  Meets The Amazon 1977 Directed by Oz Scott) at The Public Theatre, NYC. Following this he began working more in the realms of rock, jazz fusion and R&B. He worked with Walter Becker of Steely Dan. In 1983 Producer Nile Rodgers produced Michael Gregory, Situation-X for Island Records, Michael's first recording using the name Michael Gregory. Since 1983, he only released records as Michael Gregory to avoid confusion with musician Michael Jackson. Michael rehearsed, playing guitar with Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger's solo band in 1987. He is currently (as of 1995) producing various projects, in a multitude of genres, working with trumpeter Wadada Leo Smith as producer and guitarist, with Oliver Lake's Trio and with his newly formed (2009) trio cLarity-<3 featuring the Danish musicians bassist Niels Praestholm and drummer Kresten Osgood. Michael’s ensembles have included musical luminaries Wadada Leo Smith, Marty Ehrlich, Pheeroan aKLaff, Oliver Lake, Baikida Carroll, Will Calhoun, Anthony Davis, Julius Hemphill, David Murray,Mark Helias, Jerome Harris and Mark Trayle to name a few.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Art Ensemble Syd
"Liberty, Art Ensemble Syd with Michael Gregory Jackson" EME Records 2013
Produced by Michael Gregory Jackson and Niels Praestholm
With Wadada Leo Smith
With Oliver Lake
With Anthony Braxton, 
With Nona Hendryx, 
With Pheeroan aKlaff, 
With Amina Claudine Myers, 
"Amina" Michael Gregory - Arista/Novus Records Produced by Michael Gregory
With Clyde Criner, 
With The Coyote Sisters, 
With Viva Monroe 
With Seth Glier 
With Pulitzer Prize winner poet Paul Muldoon & RACKETT 
With Stephen Allen 

</doc>
<doc id="19650651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650651" title="Tetrabromoethane">
Tetrabromoethane

Tetrabromoethane (TBE) is a halogenated hydrocarbon, chemical formula C2H2Br4. Although three bromine atoms may bind to one of the carbon atoms creating 1,1,1,2-tetrabromoethane this is not thermodynamically favorable, so in practice tetrabromoethane is equal to 1,1,2,2-tetrabromoethane, where each carbon atom binds two bromine atoms.
It has an unusually high density for an organic compound, near 3 g/mL, due largely to the four bromine atoms. TBE is a liquid at room temperature, and is used to separate mineral ores from its supporting rock by means of preferential flotation. Sand, limestone, dolomite, and other types of rock material will float on TBE, while minerals such as sphalerite, galena and pyrite will sink. A related compound, bromoform, is also sometimes used in these applications, however, TBE is more practical because of its wider liquid range and lower vapor pressure. Acute TBE poisoning has been known to occur.

</doc>
<doc id="19650652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650652" title="Super Chinese Fighter">
Super Chinese Fighter

This game is the first "Super Chinese Fighter" game. Two others, "Super Chinese Fighter GB" and "Super Chinese Fighter EX", were released after this game, although none of these games were released in North America.
Trivia.
Jack, Ryu, Robo No Hana, Gofire, and Bokuchin would go on to cross over in the "Hiryu No Ken" series, in which Robo No Hana and Bokuchin would appear in Flying Dragon ("SD Hiryu No Ken Twin") for the Nintendo 64 while Jack, Ryu, and Gofire would later appear with the two in the game's Japan-only sequel "SD Hiryu No Ken Densetsu".

</doc>
<doc id="19650654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650654" title="One Good Turn">
One Good Turn

One Good Turn can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650674" title="Simao District">
Simao District

Simao District (Chinese: 思茅区; pinyin: Sīmáo Qū; formerly known as Cuiyun District) is a district under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China. It is the seat of Puer Prefecture. Formerly both Simao and the surrounding region of Pu'er prefecture played a major role in the historic tea horse trade between Yunnan, Tibet and India, with Simao acting as the southern terminus or starting point for the transport of tea by mule caravan north to Dali, Lijiang and Lhasa. Tea remains a central crop and product of the region.
In 2007, the "city" of Simao (思茅市) changed its name to Puer city (普洱市). By doing so, it has had an effect the size of the official Puer (普洱) tea production area.
Transport.
Simao Airport (IATA: SYM, ICAO: ZPSM).

</doc>
<doc id="19650680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650680" title="Borderline intellectual functioning">
Borderline intellectual functioning

Borderline intellectual functioning, also called borderline mental retardation, is a categorization of intelligence wherein a person has below average cognitive ability (generally an IQ of 70-85), but the deficit is not as severe as intellectual disability (70 or below). It is sometimes called below average IQ (BAIQ). This is technically a cognitive impairment; however, this group is not sufficiently mentally disabled to be eligible for specialized services. Additionally, the DSM-IV-TR codes borderline intellectual functioning as V62.89, which is generally not a billable code, unlike the codes for mental retardation.
During school years, individuals with borderline intellectual functioning are often "slow learners." Although a large percentage of this group fails to complete high school and can often achieve only a low socioeconomic status, most adults in this group blend in with the rest of the population. Persons who fall into this categorization have a relatively normal expression of affect for their age, although their ability to think abstractly is rather limited. Reasoning displays a preference for concrete thinking. They are usually able to function day to day without assistance, including holding down a simple job and the basic responsibilities of maintaining a dwelling.

</doc>
<doc id="19650688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650688" title="Fort Collins Catz">
Fort Collins Catz

The Fort Collins Catz are a professional inline hockey team based in Fort Collins, Colorado. They compete in the PIHA Pro League. They were formed as a part of the PIHA's Western expansion in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19650705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650705" title="Johanna Lucretia">
Johanna Lucretia

The Johanna Lucretia is a British tall ship and is an oak wooden two masted topsail schooner built at the Rhoos Shipyard, Ghent in Belgium in 1945. The "Johanna Lucretia" measures 96ft (28.65m) in length, her beam is 18 ft (5.50m), her draught is 8 ft (2.45m) and she has a total sail area of 380 m2.
Although originally built as a fishing vessel, the "Johanna Lucretia" was never used for that purpose and was converted for recreational use in 1954, by the then owner Ber van Meer. She sailed in Dutch waters until 1989 from her port in Enkhuizen in the Netherlands. In 1989 the "Johanna Lucretia" was sold and transferred her base to Plymouth in the United Kingdom under the ownership of Mrs. Heather Henning.
In 1991/1992 she was refitted in Gloucester at the Tommy Nielson Yard and was used for charter mainly from Gibraltar, the Caribbean and the Eastern coast of the United States until 2001 after which she was sold to Cutlass Classic Charters Ltd.
The "Johanna Lucretia" has starred in the film "The Riddle of the Sands" in 1978 when she took the part of the "Medusa" and more recently in the film "Amazing Grace" - a drama about William Wilberforce's campaign to end the slave trade. She also starred in the Irish reality TV show "Cabin Fever" where she replaced the original "Cabin Fever" ship after it ran aground off Tory Island.
The "Johanna Lucretia" was seized by British Waterways for non-payment of dues at Gloucester Docks and, although there was interest from a Johanna Lucretia Sailing Trust, she was purchased for private use and was to remain in Gloucester Docks during the winter months of 2008-09 while undergoing a re-fit.
Johanna Lucretia was the 2012 Tall Ship Races Class B Overall winner on corrected time. 

</doc>
<doc id="19650707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650707" title="P. Peiris">
P. Peiris

P. Peiris (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played first-class cricket for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Peiris made two first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Peiris batted in the lower-middle order, scoring 48 runs in two innings of his first-class career, 15 in the only innings of the debut match in which he batted, and 33 in the only innings in which he batted in his second match - Kalutara's highest score of the match.
Peiris bowled ten overs during his first-class career, though he failed to take a wicket in either match.

</doc>
<doc id="19650708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650708" title="B. David">
B. David

B. David (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
David made two first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. David bowled in the tailend, scoring all 27 runs of his first-class career in the final innings in which he batted.
David bowled seven overs during his first-class career, though he failed to take a wicket in either match.

</doc>
<doc id="19650722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650722" title="Nettlecombe, Somerset">
Nettlecombe, Somerset

Nettlecombe is a civil parish in the English county of Somerset. The parish covers a rural area below the Brendon Hills, comprising the small hamlets of Woodford, Yarde and Torre together with more isolated individual farms and homes. In 2011, the parish had a population of 174.
The village takes its name from Nettlecombe Court, an Elizabethan manor house which was once the manorial centre of the area.
There are no shops or other services within the parish, which is instead served by the nearby village of Williton.
History.
The manor was held before the Norman Conquest by Godwin, son of King Harold, and subsequently was the property of the crown. In 1160 it was granted to Hugh de Ralph and has never been sold since. It passed down through the family to John Trevelyan in 1481 and is still held by his successors.
The parish of Nettlecombe was part of the Williton and Freemanners Hundred.
Governance.
Administratively, the civil parish falls within the West Somerset local government district within the Somerset shire county, with administrative tasks shared between county, district and parish councils.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of West Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Williton Rural District. The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Bridgwater and West Somerset county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Religious sites.
The Church of St Mary the Virgin dates from the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, with further alterations since. It lies within the grounds of Nettlecombe Court, and has been designated as a grade I listed building.
Climate.
Along with the rest of South West England, Nettlecombe has a temperate climate which is generally wetter and milder than the rest of England. The annual mean temperature is about 10 °C (50 °F) with seasonal and diurnal variations, but due to the modifying effect of the sea, the range is less than in most other parts of the United Kingdom. January is the coldest month with mean minimum temperatures between 1 °C (34°F) and 2 °C (36 °F). July and August are the warmest months in the region with mean daily maxima around 21 °C (70 °F). In general, December is the dullest month and June the sunniest. The south west of England enjoys a favoured location, particularly in summer, when the Azores High extends its influence north-eastwards towards the UK.
Cloud often forms inland, especially near hills, and reduces exposure to sunshine. The average annual sunshine totals around 1,600 hours. Rainfall tends to be associated with Atlantic depressions or with convection. In summer, convection caused by solar surface heating sometimes forms shower clouds and a large proportion of the annual precipitation falls from showers and thunderstorms at this time of year. Average rainfall is around 800–900 mm (31–35 in). About 8–15 days of snowfall is typical. November to March have the highest mean wind speeds, with June to August having the lightest. The predominant wind direction is from the south-west.

</doc>
<doc id="19650730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650730" title="Inferior pulmonary ligament">
Inferior pulmonary ligament

The inferior pulmonary ligament is a double layer of pleura that connects the lower lobe of the lung to the mediastinum and the medial part of the diaphragm.

</doc>
<doc id="19650732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650732" title="Animals (This Town Needs Guns album)">
Animals (This Town Needs Guns album)

Animals is the debut album by Oxford based math rock band This Town Needs Guns. It had its UK release on 13 October 2008, under BSM Records, and on 10 March 2009 in the US, via Sargent House Records. It was recorded over the periods of March through May on a four weekend basis due to financial and personal demands. It was all recorded at the Lodge Studios in Northampton
Every song on the album continues the same theme of being named after different types of animals. During the writing and recording phase, the band named each song with temporary names in order to avoid calling them formal titles, such as "New Track 1", etc. So, they settled with names of animals as a fleeting substitute for the song names, hoping to change them before release. However, the band eventually couldn't decide on official names to replace them with, so the titles remained as they were.
There has been a promotional video made for 'Panda', which was aired on the band's website and record label's YouTube page on the 3rd of September, 2008. However, this isn't an official single.
The album has been listed on the UK iTunes, but the track listing is incorrect; the songs have been listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="19650738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650738" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrison County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrison County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Morrison County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Morrison County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 24 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including one National Historic Landmark. A supplementary list includes two additional sites that were formerly on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19650749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650749" title="Metropolitan Savings Bank Building">
Metropolitan Savings Bank Building

The Metropolitan Savings Bank Building opened on May 22, 1867 at the northeast corner of Third Avenue (Manhattan) – now Cooper Square – and East 7th Street, in New York City. The building, which was designed by architect Carl Pfeiffer in Second Empire style, is four stories high, wide and deep, and was considered at the time it opened to be one of the most finely constructed edifices, "from garret to basement." Its facades were composed of white marble, with the upper floor being enclosed by a mansard roof. The building was fireproof, as no combustible materials were used during construction, either internally or externally. The entire cost of the structure was $150,000.
The building was designated a New York City Landmark in 1969, and was added to the National Register of Historic Place in 1979. It has an alternate address of 61 Cooper Square.
Interior design.
The main hall was in length, and wide. Its height was . Its acoustic properties were excellent.
Black walnut was used inside for building desks, chairs, and stairways. The office furniture evoked a simple design and reflected excellent taste The President's room, located behind the banking house proper, was less spacious, as offices were given the maximum space. Another feature of the interior was its immense safe.
Leasees.
The fireproof construction of the Metropolitan Savings Bank enabled the rapid renting of any free space not used by the bank. The basement and cellar beneath it was leased for ten years to the Stuyvesant Safe Deposit Company. The floor just above the bank was leased by the United States Assessor of Internal Revenue. The third floor, unlet when the building first opened, was rented for a decade by the Eastern Star Lodge of Freemasons.
Later uses.
In 1937, the building was sold to the First Ukrainian Assembly of God, and it has been used since that time as a church, most recently by the First Ukrainian Evangelical Pentecostal Church.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19650750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650750" title="African Swimming Confederation">
African Swimming Confederation

CANA is the African Swimming Confederation: "Confédération Africaine de Natation". It is the Continental Association charged with overseeing swimming for Africa.
CANA was founded in 1970, with 7 members. As of 2008, the Confederation now boast 43 members.
Mustapha Larfaoui of Algeria is the current CANA President.
Members.
CANA is geographically divided into four (4) Zones, each of which hosts its own Age Group Championships. The Zones are as follows:
Other African FINA members:

</doc>
<doc id="19650756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650756" title="Hope Emily Allen">
Hope Emily Allen

Hope Emily Allen (1883–1960), a medieval scholar, is best known for her research on the 14th-century English mystic Richard Rolle and for her discovery of the Book of Margery Kempe.
Born in Oneida, New York, Allen spent a great deal of her childhood there and later also lived in Niagara Falls, Canada. Allen completed her undergraduate studies at Bryn Mawr College in 1905 with special interests in the study of Middle English literary texts. The next year she completed graduate work, also at Bryn Mawr, in English literature and Greek, earning a master's degree. Allen had great concern for women's values and identity and continued to fight for these issues throughout her life. After Bryn Mawr, she went to Radcliffe to begin studying for her Ph.D, during which time she enrolled at Cambridge University in 1910 for a semester to study English literature. That semester was eventually elongated to a period of three years.
Allen's time in Britain in the early 1900s allowed her to make a great number of personal and academic associations, as well as experience European culture. During her time in England, she pursued her two lifelong goals: medieval scholarship and feminism. Allen described herself as an "independent scholar," and she never accepted an academic teaching appointment. This independence allowed her to research more freely, so that she could closely examine texts that had not received recognition before. Her writing falls into three overlapping groups: her early work on the "Ancrene Riwle", her insight into the study of Richard Rolle, and her research on the cultural background of "the Book of Margery Kempe". Themes in her work include the spirituality of women in the late Middle Ages ("Ancrene Riwle"), contradictions and impossibilities in the work of Richard Rolle, and ideas on the religious life of late-medieval women in the "Book of Margery Kempe".
Allen later returned to the United States, living in Ann Arbor, Michigan, where she continued to pursue her research and writing. She eventually returned to her hometown of Oneida, New York, and spent the last years of her life at the Mansion House in Kenwood, where she died in 1960.
A significant collection of materials relating to her life can be found at the Bryn Mawr College Library. The papers consist primarily of research notes by Allen, photostats and typescripts of manuscripts, and professional correspondence. Topics include the "Book of Margery Kempe", the "Ancrene Riwle", and Richard Rolle.

</doc>
<doc id="19650765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650765" title="Ibragim Aldatov">
Ibragim Aldatov

Ibragim Erikovych Aldatov (born November 4, 1983 in Beslan, North Ossetian ASSR, Russian SFSR) is a male freestyle wrestler from Ukraine. He won a gold medal in the 2006 FILA Wrestling World Championships and 2013 FILA Wrestling World Championships and medaled at three other World Championships. He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19650769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650769" title="Westhoughton High School">
Westhoughton High School

Westhoughton High School is a community, comprehensive for boys and girls aged 11–16 with 1000 pupils on roll. It is located in the small town of Westhoughton just off Bolton Road, to the west of Bolton, Greater Manchester. 
The current headteacher is Mr P J Hart.
Westhoughton High School was originally an all-girls school (The boy's school was in Central Drive).
Actress Maxine Peake attended Westhoughton High School.
As of 2007 the school was oversubscribed partially due to a successful Ofsted inspection in 2007.
Ofsted report February 2011.
""Westhoughton High has achieved a number of awards including the International School Award, the Inclusive School Award and the Basic Skills Quality Mark.""
1 = Outstanding, 2 = Good, 3 = Satisfactory, 4 = Inadequate
Overall effectiveness: 
how good is the school?: 2,
school's capacity for sustained improvement: 2,
Outcomes for individuals and groups of pupils: 2,
Pupils' achievement and the extent to which they enjoy their learning: 2,
"These are the grades for pupils' outcomes"
Taking into account:
Pupils' attainment: 3,
The quality of pupils' learning and their progress:2,
The quality of learning for pupils with special educational needs and/or disabilities and their progress:2 The extent to which pupils feel safe: 2 
Pupils' behaviour: 2, 
The extent to which pupils adopt healthy lifestyles 3, 
The extent to which pupils contribute to the school and wider community: 2, 
The extent to which pupils develop workplace and other skills that will contribute to their future economic well-being: 3
Taking into account:
Pupils' attendance: 2,
The extent of pupils' spiritual, moral, social and cultural development: 3
"These are the grades for the quality of provision"
The quality of teaching: 
Taking into account:
the use of assessment to support learning: 2,
The extent to which the curriculum meets pupils' needs, including, where relevant, through partnerships: 3, 
The effectiveness of care, guidance and support: 2, 
The effectiveness of leadership and management in embedding ambition and driving improvement: 2,
Taking into account: 
The leadership and management of teaching and learning: 2, 
The effectiveness of the governing body in challenging and supporting the school so that weaknesses are tackled decisively and statutory responsibilities met: 3, 
The effectiveness of the school's engagement with parents and carers: 3, 
The effectiveness of partnerships in promoting learning and well-being: 2, 
The effectiveness with which the school promotes equality of opportunity and tackles discrimination: 2, 
The effectiveness of safeguarding procedures: 2, 
The effectiveness with which the school promotes community cohesion: 3, 
The effectiveness with which the school deploys resources to achieve value for money: 4, 
This gives the school an average rating of 2: good
Quotes from the report:
"Westhoughton High School is a good school", 
"The school provides a caring environment where all students are valued",
"Students say that bullying, when it occurs, is dealt with effectively. Behaviour is good, enabling lessons to proceed productively. Movement around the school is purposeful and orderly. Students are friendly, cooperative and polite.",
"Outcomes in the sixth form are satisfactory. Attainment overall is average and progress is satisfactory. The leadership of the sixth form is improving; however, initiatives to address weaknesses are at the early stages of development and the impact of these changes is yet to be seen."
References.
http://www.ofsted.gov.uk/filedownloading/?id=1455961&type=1&refer=0

</doc>
<doc id="19650770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650770" title="Traffic Homicide Investigator">
Traffic Homicide Investigator

A Traffic Homicide Investigator (THI) is a term used primarily in the United States of America for a police employee, generally a sworn law enforcement officer, who is assigned to investigate fatalities resulting from motor vehicle collisions. 
Overview.
Traffic Homicide Investigators have special training that goes beyond standard accident investigation and equips them to conduct an investigation of the site of a serious or fatal collision and to treat it as a crime scene. They are usually a traffic officer who has investigated a great number of nonfatal crashes and have advanced towards more in-depth crash investigation. Although they may not be the first responder to a traffic-related fatality, they will be called upon to take over the investigation at an early stage and see it through to its conclusion.
Method.
Traffic Homicide Investigators are "part physicist, part policeman and part victim's advocate". They carefully document the scene of a crash, ideally in a manner thorough enough to allow specially trained officers to reconstruct the scene at a later time, after the roadway has been reopened. This includes documenting the precise details of the roadway on which the fatality occurred; the state of any vehicles involved, including the use of safety features; the condition, legal status and attitude of the operator or operators of any vehicles, and any other local factors such as the weather and the presence or absence of appropriate road signage. 
In addition, investigators will conduct interviews with drivers and witnesses to assist in building up an overall picture of what led to the crash.
Around the world.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, specialised collision investigators working as part of the local police force's traffic unit will usually handle collisions that result in death or serious injury. They receive training equivalent to THIs in the USA and conduct their investigations with similar methodology.

</doc>
<doc id="19650790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650790" title="Džep">
Džep

Džep () is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Vladičin Han, district of Pčinja. In 2002 it had 194 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19650794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650794" title="99 Ways to Die">
99 Ways to Die

99 Ways to Die may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650800" title="Michael Briggs">
Michael Briggs

Michael Briggs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650811" title="Lakewood Fire">
Lakewood Fire

The Lakewood Fire are a professional inline hockey team based in Lakewood, Colorado. They compete in the PIHA

</doc>
<doc id="19650816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650816" title="Inventions That Changed the World">
Inventions That Changed the World

Inventions That Changed the World is a five-part BBC Two documentary series presented by Jeremy Clarkson. First broadcast on 15 January 2004, the programme takes a look at some of the inventions that helped to shape the modern world. The UKTV channel "Yesterday" frequently repeats this series. However, episodes are edited to 46 minutes to allow for commercials to air in the one hour time slot.

</doc>
<doc id="19650823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650823" title="Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County">
Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County

Jiangcheng Hani and Yi Autonomous County () is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er City, in southern Yunnan, China, bordering Laos and Vietnam to the south, making it the only county in the province to border more than one country. By road, its seat, the town of Menglie (), is from Kunming and from Simao District, the municipal seat of Pu'er.
Geography and climate.
Jiangcheng has latitude range of 22°20'−22°36' N and longitude range of 101°14'−102°19' E. Its seat, the town of Menglie (), has an elevation of . Located at an altitude of above , Jiangcheng, as with much of southern Yunnan, has a warm humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cwa"), with muddled distinction between the seasons and daytime temperatures remaining warm year-round. Highs peak in April and May before the core of the rainy season and reach a minimum in December; however, the warmest and coolest months are June and January, respectively at and ; the annual mean is . June thru September accounts for nearly 70% of the annual rainfall of and during this time, some rainfall occurs on most days.

</doc>
<doc id="19650827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650827" title="Wilhelm Harster">
Wilhelm Harster

Wilhelm Harster (b 21 July 1904 Kelheim, Bavaria, Germany died 25 December 1991) was an SS and Police Leader. He was twice convicted of war crimes, by the Netherlands and later by West Germany. He had been employed by the government of Bavaria as a civil servant and was let go with a full pension after a public outcry.
Education.
He attended Volksschule 1910-1913 in Munich and attended Humanist Ludwigs-Gymnasium graduating in 1919. Eventually, he became a Doctor of laws attending law school at the University of Munich finishing in 1927.
Prewar service.
Before the war, Harster was reservist with the Reichswehr, joining in 1920 and serving with the 1st battalion of the Bund Oberland. In 1929 he joined the Kripos and graduated in 1932 as a Regierungsassessor. He also married Maria Hirsch on 30 September 1930 and has two sons. He joined the Nazi Party on 1 May 1933, holding the party number of 3,226,954.
SS and Military service.
He joined the SS on 9 November 1933 with the serial number of 225,932. He joined the Sicherheitsdienst or SD on 29 October 1935 and eventually obtained the rank of Gruppenführer. He was also recalled to service in the Wehrmacht, serving in July 1940 as a member of a machinegun company. From 19 July 1940 until 29 August 1943, he was the commander of the Security Police and SD in the occupation of the Netherlands, where many of his war crimes occurred. He was implicated in the deaths of 104,000 Jews in the Holocaust, including Anne Frank. After his role in the occupation of the Netherlands, he was moved to Italy as the commander of the SD there under Karl Wolff from 29 August 1943 until his capture.
Prisoner of War and War Criminal.
He was captured by the British Army where he was transferred to the Netherlands and tried for war crimes. In 1949, he was convicted and sentenced to 12 years for his role in the deportation and murder of Dutch Jews. He was, however, released in 1953.
Post-Release.
After the war, he again became a civil servant in Bavaria, until he was retired due to public and media pressure in 1963. He kept his full pension. In 1967 he was tried alongside his two closest aides Wilhelm Zoepf and Gertrud Slottke and sentenced to an additional 15 years in jail for deportation of Jews to Auschwitz and Sobibor concentration camps. He was given credit for time served and was pardoned in 1969. His doctorate was officially removed from him. He died in 1991.
Sources.
Christian Ritz, "Schreibtischtäter vor Gericht. Das Verfahren vor dem Münchner Landgericht wegen der Deportation der niederländischen Juden (1959-1967)". Paderborn: Ferdinand Schöningh, 2012; 257 p.

</doc>
<doc id="19650851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650851" title="Aqua Books">
Aqua Books

Aqua Books is a Canadian independent bookstore opened in Winnipeg, Manitoba by Kelly Hughes in 1999. It has been acknowledged for helping revitalize downtown Winnipeg and creating an eclectic mix of programs and events for the Winnipeg arts and culture community.
Overview.
Aqua Books consists of a bookstore, a restaurant called Eat Bistro, writers' studios and an events theatre. Aqua sponsors the Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry and hosts numerous literary and cultural events. Writers who have launched books or read at Aqua Books include Paul Quarrington, Susie Moloney, Shane Koyczan, Sarah Klassen, George Murray, Miriam Toews, David Bergen, Joan Thomas, Andrew Davidson, Catherine Hunter, and Margaret Christakos. Lecturers have included politician Tim Sale, musician Steve Bell and activist David Northcott. Owner Kelly Hughes hosts a live in-store talk show called Kelly Hughes Live!, which has seen visits by writer Margaret Sweatman, comedian Kevin McDonald, children's entertainer Fred Penner and actor/politician Tina Keeper. 
The store was visited by journalist Noah Richler in 2009, who called it "one of the craziest, most amusing and well-ordered second-hand bookstores I have ever frequented".
Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry.
Aqua Books sponsors the Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry, which is awarded annually to the best full length adult book of poetry in either French or English by a resident of Manitoba, Canada. The Aqua Books Lansdowne Prize for Poetry Reading Series, hosted in conjunction with The Writers' Collective, is based around this award.
Writer-in-residence Program.
Aqua Books is one of only two bookstores in Canada to feature a writer-in-residence program, the other being the University of Alberta bookstore. This program includes workshops, readings and manuscript evaluation. Writers-in-residence have included young adult writer Anita Daher, crime writer Michael Van Rooy, playwright Carolyn Gray and arts writer Amy Karlinsky. The first film writer-in-residence was former Alamo Drafthouse programmer Kier-La Janisse.

</doc>
<doc id="19650852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650852" title="Jiangcheng">
Jiangcheng

Jiāngchéng (江城) may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="19650855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650855" title="S. Devapriya">
S. Devapriya

S. Devapriya (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Devapriya made four first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Devapriya scored a pair on his debut, partnering former Test cricketer Jayantha Silva in the tailend.
Devapriya made a highest score of just four runs in the six innings in which he batted. Devapriya bowled 23 overs in the four first-class matches he played, securing innings-best figures of 3-33.

</doc>
<doc id="19650858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650858" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicollet County, Minnesota">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicollet County, Minnesota

This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Nicollet County, Minnesota. It is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nicollet County, Minnesota, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 24 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. A supplementary list includes two additional sites that were formerly on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="19650862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650862" title="The Bohemian Girl (disambiguation)">
The Bohemian Girl (disambiguation)

The Bohemian Girl is an opera composed by Michael Balfe.
The Bohemian Girl may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650924" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 29 (U.S. series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 29 (U.S. series)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 29" was released on November 11, 2008. The album is the 29th edition of the (US) Now! series and debuted on the Billboard 200 at number three. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA on December 16, 2008.
"Now! 29" features three Billboard Hot 100 number one hits: "So What", "Disturbia" and "Whatever You Like".
Free downloads.
For the first time, additional content can be unlocked from the CD.  

</doc>
<doc id="19650928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650928" title="Parker Prowlers">
Parker Prowlers

The Parker Prowlers are a professional inline hockey team based in Parker, Colorado. They compete in the PIHA. The Prowlers play their home games out of the CET sports arena in Colorado Springs, CO. The Prowlers are 3-time defending division champions. Prowlers are led by Coach John Bovee and captains J.T. Bovee and Brian Rogers. The offense is a very fast lead by Kyle Phelps with linemate Frank Dywer followed by returning rookie C.J. Bateman and new member of the team Craig Crow. The defense is returning all five starters from last year lead by J.T. Bovee, Brian Rogers, Cody Bovee, Jordan Bateman and Jeff Carlo. The goalies are returning for their 3rd year together as a duo: Robb Woods and Corey Walters are very talented and bring both a unique style to their game and team.

</doc>
<doc id="19650935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650935" title="Wattisham Airfield">
Wattisham Airfield

Wattisham Airfield is the biggest centralised operational Army Airfield in the UK, located next to the small village of Wattisham in Suffolk, England. It is home to 3 Regiment Army Air Corps and 4 Regiment Army Air Corps. They are part of 16 Air Assault Brigade, whose headquarters is at Colchester. They fly the Westland WAH-64 Apache, as well as the Westland Lynx helicopters.
Also based at Wattisham is 7 Air Assault Battalion REME with a helicopter repair facility with worldwide capability, 132 Aviation Supply Unit and the Royal Logistics Corps. The RAF maintains a presence at the base with B Flight 22 Squadron, flying the Sea King, with a search and rescue responsibility for the whole of the eastern coast, and Brigade Parachute Squadron RAF. Apart from the military, the police helicopter unit for Suffolk Constabulary also operates from Wattisham as well as the Anglia Gliding Club (which, in fact, is the oldest serving member of Wattisham, having been there as a RAFGSA club when the RAF occupied). Also resident is 1287 Sqn, Air Training Corps.
The airfield covers a site of . There are 2,000 troops stationed on site with 600 houses for married personnel between Wattisham, Hadleigh and Ipswich. There are 300 HGVs, 200 Land Rovers, over 40 helicopters including 2 Sea King helicopters (125 and 126) and the Suffolk Police Eurocopter as well as casual access for 2 Air Ambulances.
There is a museum on site which tells the history of the airfield and this is open on Sundays during April to October.
History.
Wattisham Airfield has had a long and distinguished history. First opening in April 1939 the base was used by the RAF before being lent to the United States Army Air Forces in 1942. After the Second World War Wattisham became one of the UK's front-line air force fighter bases during the Cold War with aircraft on Quick Reaction Alert on a rotational basis with other UK fighter stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19650940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650940" title="RW Chandrasiri">
RW Chandrasiri

RW Chandrasiri (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Chandrasiri made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Chandrasiri scored ten runs in the first innings of the match and seven runs in the second innings, having been pushed further up the order for the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19650951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650951" title="Jingdong Yi Autonomous County">
Jingdong Yi Autonomous County

Jingdong Yi Autonomous County (景东彝族自治县; pinyin: Jǐngdōng yízú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
According to the "Jingdong County Almanac" (1994:519), ethnic Yao numbered 3,889 individuals in 1990, and lived mainly in Chaqing 岔箐 and Dasongshu 大松树 of Taizhong 太忠乡.

</doc>
<doc id="19650978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650978" title="Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau">
Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau

The Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau was a German engineering firm based in the present-day district of Übigau in the city of Dresden, Germany.
History.
In 1836 an engineering establishment was set up directly south of Übigau House ("Schloss Übigau") by high school professor, 
Andreas Schubert, which in 1837 built the first Saxon passenger steamship, the "Königin Maria" as well as the first German-built locomotive, the "Saxonia". The production of locomotives was stopped in 1840 after a second unit "Phoenix", however the production of steam boilers continued.
In 1863 the "Schlick'sche shipyard" emerged here, a company that from 1877 as "Kette A.G." became the most important German inland shipyard for barges and passenger ships. In 1892 it was joined by the shipbuilding research department of "TU Dresden" and by 1920 the "Dresdner Maschinenfabrik und Schiffswerft Übigau" had 1,500 employees. Apart from ships it also made boilers, large engines and dredgers. By 1930, when it had to close for 5 years as a result of the worldwide economic crisis, it had delivered 1,400 ships from its slipways to places as far away as Africa and South America.
In 1945 the firm was totally destroyed; it later reformed as "VEB Dampfkesselbau Übigau", building boiler systems for large ships until the 1990s, and vehicle cranes as well from its privatisation in 1990 until its insolvency in 2001 . The yard had its own shipping berth with 48 steamers and cargo ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19650985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650985" title="1978 Australian Grand Prix">
1978 Australian Grand Prix

The 1978 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race open to cars complying with Australian Formula 1, (commonly referred to as Formula 5000 cars). It was held on 10 September 1978 at the Sandown International Motor Racing Circuit, in Victoria, Australia.
It was the forty third Australian Grand Prix held and it was the Golden Anniversary AGP with the first being run in 1928. It also doubled as Round 2 of the 1978 Australian Drivers' Championship.
Summary.
Qualifying.
John McCormack started on pole in his McLaren M23 alongside Kiwi Graham McRae in his own designed and built McRae GM3, complete with a unique clear perspex cockpit cover allowing people to see McRae at work in the car. Before the start McCormack's crew discovered in the warm up that a blown head gasket in qualifying had resulted in damage to the 5.0L Leyland's cylinder heads but had no time to replace it so McCormack started under a cloud. Vern Schuppan qualified his Ansett Team Elfin MR8 3rd with a time equal to that of McRae with the Lola's of Alan Hamilton and Jon Davison rounding out the top 5 qualifiers.
Race.
McRae bolted away from the start and was never headed despite slowing on the start/finish line for confirmation of a 'bad sportsmanship' flag for not slowing enough past Coopers crash on lap 22 and a spin at the Dandenong Road corner (turn 7 on the old circuit) on lap 32. During the time of Cooper's crash alone McRae extended his lead by more than half the length of the almost 1 km long front straight as others slowed for the yellow flags where McRae didn't resulting in the bad sportmanship flag for McRae. Alfredo Costanzo was the first to retire on lap 5 when he lost 2nd gear in Kevin Bartlett's spare Lola T400B, while McCormack retired his McLaren from 3rd place with head gasket failure on lap 6.
McRae won the 49 lap race by two laps from John Briggs driving an older model Matich A51 Repco-Holden, with Peter Edwards in a Lola T332 finishing 3rd. McRae's fastest race lap of 1:01.9 (average speed of 180.29 km/h or 112 mph) was also the fastest lap of the race.
The race was marred by several crashes with two drivers taken to hospital. On lap 22 Garrie Cooper broke some ribs and badly broke his leg in a 250kmh crash at Rothmans Rise on the back straight, completely destroying his self-designed Elfin MR8 in the process. Cooper's simple explanation of the crash was that "something broke". Five laps later, his 3rd placed team mate Vern Schuppan had tangled with the ex-Alan Jones Lola T332 of 2nd placed Jon Davison in turn 1 and had to retire with damage leaving both Ansett Team Elfin cars with heavy damage. The crash also saw Davison retire with his car with terminal damage just moments later at "Holden Corner" (turn 2). Then with only 3 laps left, Alan Hamilton badly crashed his Lola T430 into the old Dunlop Bridge coming through the high speed causeway onto the main straight. The car crashed into the base of the bridge and was torn in two with Hamilton's body exposed at the front of the car while he was still strapped to his seat. Hamilton was unconscious and was taken to hospital with minor head injuries and some broken bones but went on to make a full recovery.
Classification.
Results as follows:
Post Race Exhibition.
After the race, McRae was awarded the Lex Davison Trophy for winning from five time World Champion Juan Manuel Fangio, stating in his short victory speech that he never thought he would ever get to meet Mr Fangio and that he believed it was a greater honour than having won his 3rd AGP. Following this Fangio, Australia's three time world champion, Jack Brabham, Bob Jane driving a Masarati, and former racer turned Holden dealer Bill Patterson driving a Cooper, had a spirited three lap demonstration/race with Fangio and Brabham clearing out and swapping the lead many times. Fangio was driving a Mercedes-Benz W196 that he raced in and , while Brabham (not yet Sir Jack) drove the Repco V8 powered Brabham BT19 in which he won the Formula One World Championship. Brabham 'won' the demonstration, just ahead of Fangio, with Patterson and Jane some distance behind in 3rd and 4th.
The 67 year old Fangio had been invited to the meeting by race organiser's to demonstrate his Mercedes. However the great man stated that he would not demonstrate his World Championship winning Mercedes, he was going to race it. Fangio also intended to drive in a t-shirt like he had in his Formula One days, but had to conform to safety regulations about uncovered body parts and wore a full set of white overalls, though he was permitted to use his old goggles and Herbie Johnson racing helmet.
Despite not having raced competitively for 20 years, Juan Manuel Fangio was still the holder of a full FIA Super Licence.
The fastest lap of the demonstration was a 1:21.6 by Jack Brabham, almost 20 seconds slower than McRae's fastest lap for the Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="19651000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651000" title="Belvedere Hotel">
Belvedere Hotel

The Belvedere Hotel is a Beaux Arts style building in Baltimore, Maryland. Designed by the Boston architectural firm of Thomas and Parker and built in 1903, the Belvedere is a Baltimore landmark in the city's fashionable Mount Vernon neighborhood. The eleven-story building rises from a rusticated base to an elaborately-detailed Second Empire crown.
The hotel is named for its site on the former "Belvidere" estate of John Eager Howard. The hotel was known as the premier lodging in Baltimore during the first half of the twentieth century, hosting U.S. Presidents John F. Kennedy and Woodrow Wilson, among others, along with such celebrities as Wallis Warfield Simpson (the Duchess of Windsor), Douglas MacArthur, Clark Gable, and others.
The partners retained the architectural firm of Parker and Thomas of Baltimore and Boston, and the construction firm of W. W. and E. A. Wells of Chicago. Parker and Thomas had designed the Homewood campus of The Johns Hopkins University some 30 years earlier. 
When it was completed, the Belvedere, according to early accounts was considered "something of a sensation for Baltimore." Over the years, it has figured prominently in Baltimore's social, political and economic life. In 1911, Woodrow Wilson, once a professor at the Johns Hopkins University, stayed at the Belvedere while attending the Democratic National Convention in Baltimore. That convention nominated him for President. 
The hotel was converted to condominiums in 1991, although the building's ballrooms, restaurants, and lounges remain open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19651012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651012" title="WMRO">
WMRO

WMRO (1560 AM, "Magic 1560") is a radio station licensed to and serving Gallatin, Tennessee. The station is locally owned by Scott, Leslie, and Sandra Bailey of Classic Broadcasting, Inc. The station's studios and transmitter facilities are located a half mile north of downtown Gallatin.
Programming.
The station is branded as "Magic 1560" and airs the satellite-fed "Today's Best Hits" hot adult contemporary music format from Cumulus Media Networks. On Sundays, church services, religious, and local programming focusing on Gallatin area are aired. 
History.
While reliable sources say the station was founded in 1967 as WWGM, there is evidence the station was on the air much earlier. It began in February 1962, as Nashville station WLVN, a 10,000 watt daytime only station. The call letters were changed to WWGM in April 1963. The station moved to Gallatin in February 1994. The station was assigned the WMRO call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 9, 1993. The WMRO call letters had previously belonged to a station in Aurora, Illinois, for the previous thirty years.
In October 1978, WWGM was sold to Dean A. Crawford and the deal gained FCC approval on January 9, 1979. According to the FCC Record, in 1974, Faye B.Lindsey began to work at the station, eventually working her way up to a management position; by 1981, she was the station's general manager. In September 1986, Dean A. Crawford Broadcasting Co. reached an agreement to sell WWGM to Lindsey Christian Broadcasting Company, consisting of Faye and her husband Rudy Lindsey. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 25, 1986, and the transaction was consummated on December 16, 1986. Throughout this era, the station was identified as a religious-oriented radio station, playing "traditional Christian music."
In April 1993, Lindsey Christian Broadcasting Company reached an agreement to sell WWGM to Classic Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on October 25, 1993, and the transaction was consummated on October 28, 1993. The new owners had the FCC change the call letters to WMRO on November 9, 1993.
On February 19, 1994, with its new call sign of WMRO, the station began playing an oldies music format. The call letters were changed on a deal that the station would hold them for 9 months for a potential licensee in 1994, but this potential licensee never asked for them back. On April 1, 2006, the station flipped to a hot adult contemporary music format because of the area's changing demographics as a Nashville bedroom community and another station in the county switching to an oldies format. In December 2006, majority control of Classic Broadcasting was transferred from William E. "Bill" Bailey to Timothy Scott Bailey. Before buying WMRO, Scott Bailey was an air personality known as "Scott the Rock" at Nashville's WVOL (1470 AM) and WQQK (92.1 FM).

</doc>
<doc id="19651014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651014" title="Jinggu Dai and Yi Autonomous County">
Jinggu Dai and Yi Autonomous County

Jinggu Dai and Yi Autonomous County (景谷傣族彝族自治县; pinyin: Jǐnggǔ dǎizú yízú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19651056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651056" title="Peter Bernstein (composer)">
Peter Bernstein (composer)

Peter Bernstein (April 10, 1951) is an American film score composer, and is the son of Academy Award-winning composer Elmer Bernstein, with whom he has frequently collaborated.
Notable films scored or co-scored by Peter Bernstein include "Silent Rage" (1982), "Bolero" (1984), "The Ewok Adventure" (1984), ' (1985), "My Science Project" (1985), "Canadian Bacon" (1995), "Wild Wild West" (1999) and ' (2001).
He has also composed music for TV-series such as "21 Jump Street" (1987), "The New Outer Limits" (1996; one episode, season 2, "Beyond the Veil"), "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1995; one episode, season 3, "The Big Bamboozle"), "Stargate SG-1" (1997), "Rough Riders (1997) and "Masters of Horror" (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="19651099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651099" title="Predoctoral fellow">
Predoctoral fellow

In the physical sciences, a predoctoral fellow ("pre-doc") refers to a researcher who has a bachelor's degree, but not a doctorate. As the name implies, predoctoral fellows often use their time as a fellow to develop their skills and resume before applying to graduate school. They differ from lab managers in that they primarily pursue research, rather than maintain the day-to-day function of a lab. Pre-docs are often able to apply for their own sources of funding.
In natural sciences a pre-doc is usually used from a student registered in a Ph.D. program who needs labs not available in his/her home university. In Mathematics typically a pre-doc is again somebody already registered in a Ph.D. program at a host university to work together with a professor in a different topic with respect to his/her topic.

</doc>
<doc id="19651102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651102" title="WuGeo">
WuGeo

WuGeo is a Python library
used to draw points on geographical maps, starting from latitude and longitude.
It borns from the desire to track site visitors, then becomes an abstract library, being
a scientific generic tool.
In particular, WuGeo has to be used with world maps created with the Miller cylindrical projection,
that is a modified Mercator projection.
Library Audience: developers

</doc>
<doc id="19651103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651103" title="Joseph A. Greenaway, Jr.">
Joseph A. Greenaway, Jr.

Joseph Anthony Greenaway, Jr. (born London, England, on November 16, 1957) is a federal judge who sits on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and previously sat on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. On February 9, 2010, he was confirmed to his current seat on the Third Circuit, filling the vacancy created by Justice Samuel Alito's elevation to the United States Supreme Court. Judge Greenaway has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the United States Supreme Court.
Early life and education.
Greenaway was born of West Indian parents in London, England, and emigrated to the United States at the age of two. His father is a carpenter and his mother is a nurse.
Greenaway was on the varsity baseball team at the Bronx High School of Science, from which he graduated in 1974. Greenaway earned a B.A. from Columbia University in 1978 and a J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1981. From 1982 until 1983, he worked as a law clerk for Judge Vincent Lyons Broderick of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
Professional career.
Greenaway worked in private practice in New York City from 1981 until 1982 and again from 1983 until 1985. He became an Assistant U.S. Attorney at the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey from 1985 until 1989, when he became the chief of narcotics for the District of New Jersey. From 1990 until 1996, Greenaway worked as in-house counsel for Johnson & Johnson in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Federal judicial service.
On November 27, 1995, President Bill Clinton nominated Greenaway to be a federal judge on the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, to replace John Francis Gerry. The U.S. Senate confirmed Greenaway in a voice vote on July 16, 1996.
On June 19, 2009, President Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Greenaway to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The full United States Senate confirmed Greenaway to the Third Circuit on February 9, 2010, in an 84-0 vote. This ended a four year vacancy created by then-judge Samuel A. Alito's elevation to the United States Supreme Court.
Professor of law.
From 2002 to 2006, Greenaway was an adjunct professor at Rutgers School of Law in Newark, NJ. He is an adjunct professor at Cardozo School of Law where he teaches a course on trial practice and a seminar on the Supreme Court as well as an adjunct at Columbia University, where he also teaches a seminar on the Supreme Court.
Awards.
Greenaway was the 1997 recipient of the Columbia University Medal of Excellence, the 1999 recipient of the Garden State Bar Association’s Distinguished Jurist Award, a 2003 recipient of Columbia’s John Jay Award, a 2007 recipient of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund Award of Excellence, and the 2007 recipient of the Roger M. Yancey Award from the Garden State Bar Association. In 2006, Greenaway delivered the commencement address at the Cardozo School of Law. In 1998, Greenaway delivered the Class Day address at Columbia College’s commencement. He also presented Rutgers Law School’s Weintraub Lecture in 1998 (published as Judicial Decision Making and the External Environment, 51 Rutgers L. Rev. 181 (1998)). In November 1996, he received the New Jersey Corporate Counsel Association’s Distinguished Service Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19651164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651164" title="Salvatore Ruggiero">
Salvatore Ruggiero

Salvatore Frank Ruggiero Sr. pronounced (roo-JEH-roh) (July 20, 1945 – May 1982), also known as "Sal the Sphinx", "Sal Quack Quack" and "Sally", was a Gambino crime family mob associate and drug trafficker who was the younger brother of Angelo Ruggiero and ringleader of "The Pleasant Avenue Connection" which was a precursor to the Pizza Connection Trial drug smuggling operation. He became a fugitive in the late 1970s. He was a passenger on an aircraft that crashed on May 6, 1982; his body was recovered on May 14.
Biography.
Salvatore Frank Ruggiero was born in East New York, Brooklyn, to a first generation Italian immigrant John Ruggiero Jr. from Torre de Ruggiero in Catanzaro, Calabria, Italy and an Italian-American woman named Mary Dellacroce who lived in Howard Beach, Queens. Mary was the biological sister of Gambino crime family underboss Aniello Dellacroce. It is unknown if his father John Jr. was a member of organized crime and served under Albert Anastasia or Carlo Gambino. Salvatore became involved in criminal activity at a young age and joined the powerful Fulton-Rockaway Boys gang member like his older brother Angelo Ruggiero and John Gotti. He was a sphinx compared to his brother Angelo. It is suggested by John Volkman and Ernest Cummings that Salvatore remained quiet and subdued because he had no hope of ever getting a word in with his brother Angelo around. He preferred to invest his energies in a mad quest for speed. Despite two serious injuries suffered in accidents on stolen motorcycles, Salvatore loved anything that he could propel at great velocity. Said to be a maniac behind the wheel of an automobile, he taught himself to drive at the age of thirteen, and like to roar around deserted areas of Brooklyn in stolen cars.
Angelo looked up towards his brother in awe at his skill of criminal enterprising, who tried in vain to emulate him. Unlike his brother Angelo, Salvatore exercised regularly and maintained a muscular physique while his brother chain smoked and had eating binges often. Salvatore later married an airline stewardess named Stephanie who bore him a son, Salvatore Ruggiero Jr., on January 8, 1972 who lives in Marlboro, New Jersey. The son followed his father and uncle into organized crime. Salvatore is the paternal uncle of Gambino crime family mob associates Angelo Ruggiero Jr. and John Ruggiero Jr. 
His uncle Aniello Dellacroce had an affair with the wife of the Gambino crime family capo Ernest Grillo Jr.. She bore Dellacroce two illegitimate children, Shannon Connelly and Sean Connelly. Ernest Grillo Jr. is the son of Gambino crime family mob associate and DeMeo crew associate, Danny Grillo.
Ending his obsession with speed.
By 1975, resulting from several serious injuries that led to hospitalization in the intensive care unit, Salvatore was cured of his impulse control disorder that was the root cause of his addiction to high speed. Then, too, he had very little time for such pursuits, for Salvatore was a very busy millionaire "businessman" (as he preferred to call himself). He was dealing in heroin that made him one of the largest and wealthiest dealers in New York that included Gerlando Sciascia, Alphonse Indelicato, Cesare Bonventre and others who would later be indicted in the Pizza Connection Trial.
Salvatore was not close to his uncle and remained distant to his younger brother, and strived to be more than a street-level hood which Angelo would later become. Despite his long friendship with John Gotti, Salvatore did not seem consumed with the ambition to become a major Mafia powerhouse as did his brother, Angelo, and their mutual friend. He built criminal business relationships with Gene Gotti, John Carneglia, mob criminal attorney Michael Coiro, Joseph Guagliano, Anthony Moscatiello, Oscar Ansourian, Edward Lino, Mark Reiter, William Robert Cestaro, Salvatore Greco, Joseph Lo Presti, Vincent Lore, Anthony Gurino and Caesar Gurino, Instead, he appeared content to stay on the fringes of the Gambino crime family organization and the Bergin crew as some sort of vague associate, although no one seemed quite certain what he did. He had graduated from street thuggery and became a multimillionaire, selling a range of drugs, from major shipments of marijuana, to heroin and cocaine.
Wanted on several charges, he had become a fugitive, hiding out with his wife, Stephanie under various aliases in New Jersey, Florida, Pennsylvania and Ohio. Salvatore could afford life on the run. He secretly owned hideouts in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and the Poconos and traded heavily in stocks and bonds under other names. He also owned a diner, a greeting card store, and other investment property purchased through a company called Ozone Holding, named after Ozone Park, Queens. He owned four cars including a Mercedes Benz and ten watches worth $12,000 each. He was living in a leased home in New Jersey while another mansion on Tortoise Lane in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey was being built for him through a company run by Anthony and Caesar Gurino, owners of Arc Plumbing Corporation, the mobsters who gave John Gotti and Angelo Ruggiero no-show jobs. His prime heroin supplier was Gerlando Sciascia. He secretly controlled a Liberia based corporation, Vimi Steamship Limited in 1981. The vagueness was deliberate, for Salvatore by 1970 was deeply involved in heroin trafficking, and by La Cosa Nostra regulations, that was strictly forbidden. So the fiction had to be maintained: Ruggiero moved heroin while officially neither his capo Carmine Fatico, nor John Gotti, nor Carlo Gambino knew anything about it. All the while, Fatico accepted a share of the heroin sales' proceeds from Sal, with the facade further maintained by both men's bland insistence that the money was the result of some successful transport truck hijackings from John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Death.
On May 6, 1982 a Gates Learjet 23 N100TA took off from Teterboro, New Jersey, at 10:28 a.m., which was a good day for flying. The pilot, George Morton had been told, when he checked conditions earlier in the day, that there was no hazardous weather on the horizon and it looked like clear flying through to Orlando, Florida. On board the Learjet, which was owned by IBEX Corporation, Morton was joined by a stand-in pilot, Sherri Day and two passengers- a husband and wife who were described by IBEX management as business associates being flown to a meeting in Orlando. Salvatore was interested in purchasing a McDonald's franchise chain restaurant in Magic Kingdom, Disney World. Morton flew the jet while Day handled the radio communications. For more than an hour, the flight was uneventful. Then, from over the Atlantic Ocean, Day radioed the Jacksonville, Florida air traffic control center requesting landing status. An air traffic controller instructed the pilot to lower its altitude from Flight Level 410 to Flight Level 390. The Learjet however, did not immediately start its descent. A minute and a half later, Day made another brief transmission, which was unintelligible. At noon, the crew of a fishing boat spotted a huge water geyser on the surface of the Atlantic, twelve miles southeast of Savannah, Georgia. The captain sped to the scene and found debris scattered across the surface finding bits of skin from the fuselage and pieces of the Learjet's interior, but no survivors. Ninety minutes after the crash, the National Transportation Safety Board was notified. 
That same day, a team of three investigators was dispatched from Washington, D.C. On May 13, a search team, using sonar equipment, began an underwater scan of the crash site. Visibility underwater was poor and it was not until late in the afternoon the next day that the main wreckage was found, fifty-five feet below the surface, scattered over seventy-five feet of the ocean floor. George Morton's body and those of the two passengers were recovered from the wreckage. All had suffered multiple traumatic injuries. Day's body was never found. After examining the debris, the NTSB was unable to determine the cause of the crash. The weather was almost ideal for flying, for another pilot said he had encountered no difficulties in the area at about the same time. An explosion was eliminated as a possible cause, as was an onboard fire. The pilot and co-pilot were both certified and the jet had been well maintained. 
"The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause for the accident was an uncontrolled descent from cruise altitude for undetermined reasons from which a recovery was not, or could not be, effected", the official Aircraft Accident report concluded. The NTSB investigation could not help solve the mystery of why the Learjet plunged into the Atlantic Ocean, but it did end the longstanding fugitive from justice, Ruggiero. 
Until his body was identified in a morgue, Ruggiero had been listed as a fugitive from justice, a member of the Gambino crime family, a large scale heroin trafficker and a key customer of Vito Rizzuto's drug operation. When the Learjet carrying Salvatore nose dived into the Atlantic Ocean, Salvatore had been on the run for six years. Being a fugitive had not slowed his drug-dealing activities; at the time of his death, he had yet another shipment of heroin, taken on credit from George Sciascia, stored in his house awaiting resale.
Personal toll on Angelo.
After Angelo was notified of his brother's death, he, along with Gene Gotti and John Carneglia, went to Salvatore's hideout in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey, searching for a yet-to-be-sold shipment of heroin and cash. A few months earlier however, hoping to catch up with his elusive brother and to gain evidence to indict John Gotti, the FBI's Gambino Squad had thoroughly wired Angelo's home. Not only was his telephone line bugged, but microphones were placed in his kitchen, den and dining room. Federal agents were able to record Angelo's attorney Micheal Coiro, offering condolences to Angelo on the death of his brother, and then saying, "Gene found the heroin." 
The talk of heroin in the wake of Salvatore's death and the connection to a Gotti family relative seized the attention of the investigating FBI agents. The investigation into Angelo suddenly held promise in leading to indictments of major family operatives. Angelo was known as a constant chatter-box, providing a running commentary on everything going on around him. Everyone who visited him had to endure endless gossip, complaints and general indiscretions. The death of his brother Salvatore, hit Angelo hard and he was often overheard on FBI wiretaps in his Cedarhurst, New York home wistfully speaking of his brother to Gerlando Sciascia and Joseph LoPresti, his two drug trafficking partners. 
Unlike his brother Salvatore who became a multi-millionaire from his successful large scale drug trafficking operation, Angelo would never rise above a wealthy street-level mobster. 
He later told Joseph LoPresti, "You know I lost my brother. I said to myself: "I'll have to get drunk". I had two vodkas... I went in my room, I closed the door and I cried..." The bugs also overheard Angelo saying how difficult it was accepting his brother's death because the body was in "fuckin pieces." He added: "If he would have been shot in the head and found him in the streets- that's part of our life, I could accept that."
A memorial service was held in Howard Beach at Mary Dellacroce's house. Afterward Angelo said his late younger brother, "... had a pretty good, nice sendoff. I mean my whole fucking family ... all the wiseguys in the family (Gambino crime family) were there." Angelo who had scheduled a secret rendezvous with Salvatore for that day made arrangements for the welfare of his brother's child Salvatore Ruggiero Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19651175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651175" title="A Loss for Words">
A Loss for Words

A Loss for Words (formerly Last Ride) is an American pop punk band from Abington/Hanover Massachusetts.
History.
Early years (1999–2004).
Matty Arsenault and Danny Poulin from Lions Lions started a new band, Last Ride, in 1999, it would soon feature Kreg Dudley, Chris Murphy, and Evan Cordeiro. The band had five names listed in a notebook before they changed it, and one of the names was A Loss for Words. The band would change its name to A Loss for Words after attending a minister's service. Mike Adams was soon drafted to play bass after the original bass player had no desire to play in front of people. Marc Dangora, from Mommy a Fly Flew Up My Pee Hole, joined in 2004.
"Coming Soon to a Theater Near You", "These Past Five Years" (EP), and split with They Sleep the Dream (2004–2007).
By April 2004, several tracks were posted on the band's PureVolume account: "Bullets Leave Holes", "Death or Glory", "Rose Colored Lens", "Shoot for Seven", "Faze 3", and "Warren's Eyes". The band recorded 3 songs with Matt Squire in College Park, Maryland, in January 2005. A track listing for a release called "Coming Soon to a Theater Near You", released in 2004, was put up in February. In March, it was announced the band were in a studio recording six songs that would be released on an EP, to be released by Rock Vegas, with a planned release month of May. The tracks were finished being mixed by April, and a new release month set, June. Unmastered versions of two tracks, "A Theme for Your Ego" and "Bullets Leave Holes", from the EP were posted online in May. "A Theme for Your Ego" featured guest vocals by Brendan Brown from The Receiving End of Sirens. The band released their first EP on Rock Vegas on 1 July, called "These Past Five Years" (2005). The EP sold over 1,000 copies in under two months. On September 23, Rock Vegas revealed the EP sold out in 4 weeks, and that they were repressing it with new disc art.
In February 2006, the band posted "Half Step Down" on their MySpace profile. In April, the band mentioned they were writing some new songs for a new release later in the year. In December, Rock Vegas said the band had finished recording four songs a split release with They Sleep the Dream. By 2007, the band would become an active touring band. The split was released in March 2007. The band released a cover of Boyz II Men's "Water Runs Dry" on December 5.
Jack McHugh and Nevada Smith would join in 2007.
"Webster Lake" (EP) (2007–2008).
From December 14, 2007 to February 2008, the band would be recording their first full-length album. On December 27, 2007, it was announced that the band would record their first album with Nik Tyler and Matt Robnett, at Play/Work Productions. The decision to record at the studio was, as Arsenault comments, "we wanted to record [...] in a studio that would give us a good sound." Recording cost the band $16,000 and as a result, they had to take out a loan. Several guest were announced to be featured on the album: Dan O'Connor and Alan Day from Four Year Strong, Vinnie Caruana from I Am the Avalanche, Sweet Pete from In My Eyes, and Kenny Vasoli from The Starting Line.
Members of both A Loss for Words and Junction 18 created a new band, Snakes in Suits, in late January 2008. A cover of The Movielife's "Face or Kneecaps" was posted on the band's Myspace account, in June.
Two songs that would feature on the band's "Webster Lake" (2008) acoustic EP were posted on their Myspace, while at the same time it was announced that the EP would be released on June 21. The EP came about while the band was working on "The Kids Can't Lose" (2009), the band didn't want their fans to get "too bored" as Arsenault recalls, so the band decided to do an acoustic release; Dangora and Adams had some songs they had written so the band went to record them. "Wrightsville Beach", from the EP, was posted on Myspace in late July. The song was named after a location on one of the band's early tours. The band toured throughout October as a support act, with Four Year Strong headlining and two other support acts: I Am the Avalanche, This Is Hell.
"The Kids Can't Lose" and "Motown Classics" (2008–2010).
A teaser for a forthcoming album by the band was posted in early December 2008. The song "40 Thieves" was posted on Myspace in March 2009, as was another song, "Stamp of Approval" in May. The band went on a short tour in mid-March with Fireworks, This Time Next Year, and Title Fight. On March 16, the band were announced to have signed with Japanese label, In-n-Out. On May 9, 2009, the band released "The Kids Can't Lose" album by themselves; to support the album, the band went on The Kids Can't Lose Tour with We Are the Union, This Time Next Year, Transit and The Status. In August, the band released a music video for "Hold Your Breathe", directed by Rob Soucy. The band toured Japan in September with The Vandals and Voodoo Glow Skulls. From late September to late October, the band toured across the U.S. with The Wonder Years and Energy, on The Ghostbustour. Closing the year, the band went on the This Is New England Tour with Vanna, Therefore I Am from late November to mid December. They won Phoenix Magazine's All Ages Band of the year over Boys Like Girls.
In February 2010, it was announced that the band would release a cover album of Motown songs, on May 11 by Paper + Plastick. Around this time, the band had played "My Girl" at recent shows. The band toured the UK with All or Nothing and LYU in March; during these shows the band played several songs off of "The Kids Can't Lose" and full-band versions of "Webster Lake" songs. The band went on an acoustic tour, with Man Overboard, Balance & Composure, in April, "Motown Classics" was released by Paper + Plastick on May 11, with the track listing revealed a few days prior. The album had been produced by Chris Curran with recording taking place at Webster Lake Studios in Boston, Massachusetts. The album came about from the band's interest in Motown songs; Arsenault revealed the band just "picked the hits" and, as Smith mentions, "songs we were familiar with". At the release show for the album, on May 14, at the Palladium in Worcester, Massachusetts, a 5-track sampler was given out to attendees.
The band went on tour from May till July with Transit, Kid Liberty, and Such Gold from May to July. The band toured in the UK in September, with Not Advised and LYU, however, Our Time Down replaced Not Advised before the tour began. The band toured the U.S. with The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Evergreen Terrace, Deez Nuts, and Hundredth on the Returners Tour between October and November. The band toured Europe with Four Year Strong, in November. They closed out the year touring with Such Gold, and Lions Lions.
"No Sanctuary" and "Returning to Webster Lake" (EP) (2011–2012).
In early January, it was announced that the band do a split with Such Gold for release the following month on No Sleep, however, it failed to materialise. On February 10, 2011, they announced signing with Rise/Velocity. The band had previously met a Velocity representative, Dave, who suggested the idea of signing the band with a Rise representative, Craig. The band went on tour with Streetlight Manifesto throught the U.S. in February and March. The band went on a tour of the UK with This Time Next Year, supporting Set Your Goals in May. Recording for their Rise/Velocity debut was done in May and June with producer Andrew Wade. As Dangora mentions, the choice of Wade came down to the albums that he worked on previously as they were "really good sonically [...] and we think he can get the best out of us." The album was going to sound similar to their previous album "but improve on it [...] big sounding, loud guitars and catchy vocals." Arsenault, on the other hand, said that Wade was recommended by Dave Shapiro from Velocity. The band went on the 2011 Summer Partery Tour with In Fear and Faith, Vanna, Close to Home, Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!, Ten After Two and Adestria throughout July and August. The band supported Cruel Hand, with The Greenery and Maker, for the Back to School Jam tour in September and October.
The split with Such Gold was planned to be released, before their next album, in September. In mid-September, the artwork and track listing for their next album, under the new name "No Sanctuary", was revealed. Originally planned for a September release, the band's third album was planned for release mid-October, before finally being released on October 25. Three bonus tracks were available to those who pre-ordered the album: "Pirouette" (acoustic), "The Recluse" (acoustic), and "You" (bonus vinyl track). The album charted at number 14 on Billboard's Heatseekers Albums chart in the U.S. and received many positive reviews. A couple of songs were available to stream, before the whole album was. The split EP with Such Gold was finally released by on Mightier Than Sword/No Sleep on November 22 on 7" vinyl. Several clips of it were available to stream before its release. The band were planned to support Dance Gavin Dance on the Go Big or Go Home tour, that was to last through November and December, however, it was cancelled, and the band supported Hit the Lights for a few dates in November and December. The band played festivals in December with The Wonder Years and Veara, to close out the year.
The band played a short UK tour in January and February 2012 with Four Year Strong and This Time Next Year. They appeared on Vans Warped Tour 2012 on 2 stages (Acoustic Basement & Tilly's Stage). The band went on the Glamour Kills tour with The Wonder Years, Polar Bear Club, Transit, The Story So Far, and Into It. Over It. from early March to late April 2012. The band released a video for "Pirouette" on April 12. The band went on the Ice Grills Tour 2012 in Japan in April and May with Cleave and After Tonight. An acoustic version of "America Needs a New Sweetheart" was released exclusively on No Sleep's Summer 2012 sampler, release on June 16. On June 19, the acoustic EP, "Returning to Webster Lake", was released, and the songs were made available for streaming the same day. The EP consists of acoustic renditions of three "No Sanctuary" songs, one "The Kids Can't Lose" song and three covers. A video for "Raining Excuses" was released on June 28.
They did a a trio of dates with Chiodos at the end of August. They followed this by playing several more dates in the U.S. and then heading overseas to tour Russia, UK, and Germany, before finishing off with played Warped Tour UK; this lasted from September until November. The band ended the year playing two festival appearances, A Very GK! Holiday Festival at House of Blues in Boston, Massachusetts on December 14, and at The Chance in Poughkeepsie, New York on December 16.
"Before It Caves" (2013–present).
The band went on Warped Tour's The Acoustic Basement Tour in February 2013. "Distance", a song that appeared on their next album, was available for streaming on August 28, as was "Conquest of Mistakes", which featured Dan "Soupy" Campbell from The Wonder Years, on September 17. Their fourth album, "Before It Caves", was released on October 8 by Rise, had charted at number 43 on the Heatseekers Albums chart. A video for "Distance" was released on October 27, as was one for "The Kids Cant Lose" on December 11. The band toured the U.S. in January 2014 with Our Last Night, My Ticket Home and One Year Later. A 5th anniversary reissue of "The Kids Can't Lose" is set for release on March 18, 2014, on vinyl. Shortly after this, the band will go on an anniversary tour with Veara, City Lights, PVRIS and Moms, in March and April. The band plan on playing the whole album on tour. The band are set to support The Wonder Years for a tour around the UK in May on The Greatest Generation World Tour. In the same month, the band plan on playing the Slam Dunk festival on May 28 in Leeds.
Musical style.
A Loss for Words' music has been described by critics as pop punk.

</doc>
<doc id="19651178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651178" title="Elga Olga Svendsen">
Elga Olga Svendsen

Elga Olga Svendsen (14 April 1906 – 27 July 1992) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 15 films between 1934 and 1984.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19651185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651185" title="Genaside II">
Genaside II

Genaside II was a British electronic group active in the 1990s and early 2000s. Their music started as rave, developing into jungle, breakbeat and bigbeat. Its main member was Kris Ogden, though some other members went on to form the band Archive. Their 1991 song "Narra Mine" provided a sample for the Prodigy track "Firestarter".

</doc>
<doc id="19651191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651191" title="Deadlock (metal band)">
Deadlock (metal band)

Deadlock is a German melodic death metal band from Schwarzenfeld, Bavaria, Germany. In 2010 they supported Lacuna Coil on tour. The band consists of founding members Sebastian Reichl (guitar) and Tobias Graf (drums) with longtime member Sabine Scherer (vocals) and more recent recruits John Gahlert (vocals) and Ferdinand Rewicki (guitar). Previous members include Johannes Prem (vocals), Gert Rymen (guitar) and Thomas Huschka (bass).
History.
Early days (1997-2001).
Formed in 1997 as a hardcore band by vocalist Johannes Prem, guitarist Sebastian Reichl, and drummer Tobias Graf, they released the 7" vinyl "Deadlock" in 1999. After this came the EP "I'll Wake You, When Spring Awakes" in 2000.
"The Arrival" and "Earth. Revolt" (2002-2006).
2002 saw the release of their first album, "The Arrival". The album featured keyboards, orchestral elements and guest clean vocals from Sabine Scherer.
Their second album, "Earth. Revolt" was released in 2005. The band had expanded from a quartet to a six-piece with new guitarist Gert Rymen and clean vocalist Sabine Scherer now a full-time member of the band. The album featured a cleaner, more technical style and again employed clean vocals by Sabine Scherer.
"Wolves" and "Manifesto" (2007-2009).
Their third album, "Wolves", was released in 2007, and featured prominently electronic and trance influences. The track "Code of Honor" was turned into their first music video. They launched a tour in support of "Wolves" through Europe alongside Neaera and Maintain.
Their fourth album, "Manifesto", was released in November 2008. (January 2009 in North America) The song "Deathrace" features rapping, while the song "Dying Breed" features clean vocals from former Scar Symmetry vocalist Christian Älvestam, and the song "Fire At Will" has a saxophone solo. It also includes a cover of The Sisters of Mercy's "Temple of Love". The track "The Brave/Agony Applause" is the first single of the album and has a music video. They promoted "Manifesto" by playing one new song of the album each day on their MySpace until its European release.
Deadlock announced on a MySpace bulletin on December 12, 2008 that they had parted ways with Thomas Huschka (bassist), citing "musical and personal differences". On May 7, 2009, they announced John Gahlert as their new bassist.
"Bizarro World" (2010-2011).
Deadlock released their 5th album "Bizarro World" in February 2011.
On 2010, Sabine Scherer was guest vocalist and Sebastian Reichl was guest guitarist in the album Invictus by the German band Heaven Shall Burn in the song "Given in Death".
Line up changes and sixth album (2011-).
On October 26, 2011, it was announced that founding vocalist/lyricist Joe Prem had left the band, having performed for 14 years. On the 21st November 2011, Deadlock announced via their Facebook page that bassist John Gahlert would become the new harsh vocalist, having previously performed on occasion when Joe Prem was unable to play, and that bass duties would be handled by Ferdinand Rewicki, who had in the past toured with the band under the various guises of driver, tour manager, and "merch guy".
On 8 February 2013, it was announced that guitarist Gert Rymen had decided to part ways with the band, reducing the lineup to a 5 piece. On March 21 of the same year, the band signed to Napalm Records through whom they announced they would release their next album. It will be the first release featuring former bassist John Gahlert on "harsh" vocal duties, and former tour manager Ferdinand Rewicki on bass and rhythm guitar.
On 6 June, it was announced that the band will release it's sixth full length album The Arsonist on July 26, 2013.
Musical style.
Deadlock incorporate melodic death metal as well as some melodic metalcore aspects. What makes Deadlock different is the combination of death growls by vocalist Johannes Prem and the clean vocals of Sabine Scherer. Also included in their sound are techno sections, often used as intros but sometimes used as a whole breakdown section, where a complete genre change takes place. Their 2013 album, The Arsonist, features 8 string guitars tuned to low F, clearly influenced from the popular djent movement.

</doc>
<doc id="19651203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651203" title="Thomas Mulchinock">
Thomas Mulchinock

Thomas Francis Peter Mulchinock (born 13 October 1984 in Beverley, England) is a musician and songwriter. Thomas is the former lead vocalist & co-writer of the band 'Some Are Saints'.
Some Are Saints.
'Some Are Saints' was founded in 2004, by close friends, 'Mark Wardale' (Row Boat) & 'Christopher Beale'.
Thomas joined the line-up in the Summer of 2005 as 'lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist' & played an immediate vital role in the songwriting and recording of 'Some Are Saints' solitary album project 'Ginger Face'. He penned such tracks as 'Changing', 'Wooden Ship' and 'I Owe You'.
Thomas left the band in December 2006 and after a change of line-ups for the next 2 years, 'Some Are Saints' finally disbanded in 2008.
Solo-Projects.
Thomas took an unexpected break from music after the exit from 'Some Are Saints' and It wasn't until September 2008 that he decided to put together a project of his own as a solo-artist which was completed and released under Musiker Records in 2009, which was run by former band member Mark Wardale. The completed project was named "Restless World" which included singles "Devil In My Bed" and "Mysteries Of Tomorrow".
In February 2011, it was announced that Thomas would start work on his follow-up album (Title yet to be known) which will again be released through Musiker Records in October of the same year.
Influences.
Thomas draws most of his inspiration from melodic based songwriting artists such as Neil Finn, Liam Finn, David Byrne (Talking Heads), Lauri Ylonen (the Rasmus) and Rivers Cuomo (Weezer).

</doc>
<doc id="19651210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651210" title="Ontological maximalism">
Ontological maximalism

In philosophy, ontological maximalism is a preference for largest possible universe, i.e. anything which could exist does exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19651221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651221" title="Fabian's Bay">
Fabian's Bay

Fabian's Bay was a natural tidal basin near the present day area of Port Tennant in Swansea, Wales. The Prince of Wales dock, part of the Swansea Docks complex was built at the site of Fabian's Bay and the name Fabian's Bay is now no longer in use. Presumably, the nearby highway, the Fabian Way was named after Fabian's Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19651244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651244" title="Falling in Love (Surface song)">
Falling in Love (Surface song)

"Falling in Love" is the first single by the American post-disco/R&B trio, Surface, released in the United Kingdom and the United States in 1983 by Salsoul Records.
The song reached number #84 in the "Billboard" R&B chart in summer 1983.
"Falling in Love" was written, produced and arranged by David "Pic" Conley and Toni Byrd. 

</doc>
<doc id="19651276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651276" title="Vivi Bach">
Vivi Bach

Vivi Bach (3 September 1939 – 22 April 2013) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 48 films between 1958 and 1974.
Bach was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died on Ibiza, Spain where she lived with her husband, the Austrian film actor Dietmar Schönherr.

</doc>
<doc id="19651279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651279" title="Lion Geyser">
Lion Geyser

Lion Geyser is a cone-type geyser in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States. It is located in the Geyser Hill complex.
It was named for the roaring sound of steam releasing during an eruption. Eruptions can reach and last from 1 to 7 minutes. Lion is the largest of the Lion Group which includes Little Cub Geyser and the currently inactive Big Cub and Lioness geysers.

</doc>
<doc id="19651284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651284" title="Police Central e-Crime Unit">
Police Central e-Crime Unit

The Police Central e-Crime Unit (PCeU) was a part of the Specialist Crime Directorate of the Metropolitan Police Service in London, dedicated to combating e-crime in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. The unit had a national remit, and was created in April 2008 to centralise the efforts of all police forces in the UK (excluding Scotland) to fight all forms of E-crime.
The unit's responsibilities were quite specific and included activities once carried out by other bodies while excluding other activities, currently done by others.
The unit's stated mission was to improve the police response to victims of e-crime by developing the capability of the police service across England, Wales and Northern Ireland, co-ordinating the law enforcement approach to all types of e-crime, and by providing a national investigative capability for the most serious e-crime incidents.
The PCeU was created on 1 October 2008 and was responsible for improving the UK national policing response to cyber crime. The unit was housed within the Specialist Crime Directorate (SCD6) part of the Metropolitan Police Service based in central London. It had jurisdiction within England, Wales and Northern Ireland. However the unit worked closely with the SCDEA in Scotland and international law enforcement. The PCeU had a seat at the table at both the Europol and Interpol cyber workstreams.
Since February 2012 the PCeU had a presence outside London with the creation of 3 regional hubs. The hubs are located in England in the North West, North East and Midlands areas. The hubs were launched at the ACPO cyber conference in Sheffield.
The PCeU was one of the strands of work within the ACPO e-crime programme led by DAC Janet Williams. 
Merger into the NCCU.
, the PCeU is being merged into the National Cyber Crime Unit, part of the new National Crime Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19651298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651298" title="Soup">
Soup

Soup is a primarily liquid food, generally served warm (but may be cool or cold), that is made by combining ingredients such as meat and vegetables with stock, juice, water, or another liquid. Hot soups are additionally characterized by boiling solid ingredients in liquids in a pot until the flavors are extracted, forming a broth.
Traditionally, soups are classified into two main groups: "clear soups" and "thick soups". The established French classifications of clear soups are "bouillon" and "consommé". Thick soups are classified depending upon the type of thickening agent used: "purées" are vegetable soups thickened with starch; "bisques" are made from puréed shellfish or vegetables thickened with "cream"; cream soups may be thickened with béchamel sauce; and "veloutés" are thickened with eggs, butter, and cream. Other ingredients commonly used to thicken soups and broths include egg, rice, lentils, flour, and grains; many popular soups also include carrots and potatoes.
Soups are similar to stews, and in some cases there may not be a clear distinction between the two; however, soups generally have more liquid than stews.
History.
Evidence of the existence of soup can be found as far back as about 20,000 BC. Boiling was not a common cooking technique until the invention of waterproof containers (which probably came in the form of clay vessels). Animal hides and watertight baskets of bark or reeds were used before this. To boil the water hot rocks were used. This method was also used to cook acorns and other plants.
The word "soup" comes from French "soupe" ("soup", "broth"), which comes through Vulgar Latin "suppa" ("bread soaked in broth") from a Germanic source, from which also comes the word "sop", a piece of bread used to soak up soup or a thick stew.
The word "restaurant" (meaning " restoring") was first used in France in the 16th century, to refer to a highly concentrated, inexpensive soup, sold by street vendors, that was advertised as an antidote to physical exhaustion. In 1765, a Parisian entrepreneur opened a shop specializing in such soups. This prompted the use of the modern word "restaurant" for the shops.
In the US, the first colonial cookbook was published by William Parks in Williamsburg, Virginia, in 1742, based on Eliza Smith's "The Compleat Housewife; or Accomplished Gentlewoman's Companion" and it included several recipes for soups and bisques. A 1772 cookbook, "The Frugal Housewife", contained an entire chapter on the topic. English cooking dominated early colonial cooking; but as new immigrants arrived from other countries, other national soups gained popularity. In particular, German immigrants living in Pennsylvania were famous for their potato soups. In 1794, Jean Baptiste Gilbert Payplat dis Julien, a refugee from the French Revolution, opened an eating establishment in Boston called "The Restorator", and became known as "The Prince of Soups". The first American cooking pamphlet dedicated to soup recipes was written in 1882 by Emma Ewing: "Soups and Soup Making".
Portable soup was devised in the 18th century by boiling seasoned meat until a thick, resinous syrup was left that could be dried and stored for months at a time.
Commercial products.
Commercial soup became popular with the invention of canning in the 19th century, and today a great variety of canned and dried soups are on the market.
Canned.
Dr. John T. Dorrance, a chemist with the Campbell Soup Company, invented condensed soup in 1897. Today, Campbell's Tomato, Cream of Mushroom, and Chicken Noodle Soup are three of the most popular soups in America. Americans consume approximately 2.5 billion bowls of these three soups alone each year.
Canned soup can be condensed, in which case it is prepared by adding water (or sometimes milk), or it can be "ready-to-eat," meaning that no additional liquid is needed before eating. Canned soup (condensed with liquid added, or "ready-to-eat") can be prepared by heating in a pan, on the stovetop or in the microwave. Such soups can be used as a base for homemade soups, with the consumer adding anything from a few vegetables to eggs, meat, cream or pasta.
Condensing soup allows soup to be packaged into a smaller can and sold at a lower price than other canned soups. The soup is usually doubled in volume by adding a "can full" of water or milk (about 10 ounces).
Since the 1990s, the canned soup market has burgeoned with soups marketed as "ready-to-eat," which require no additional liquid to prepare. Microwaveable bowls have expanded the ready-to-eat canned soup market even more, offering convenience (especially in workplaces) and are popular lunch items.
In response to concern over the health effects of excessive salt intake, some soup manufacturers have introduced reduced-salt versions of popular soups.
Dried.
Asian-style soup mixes containing ramen noodles and seasonings are marketed by Western and Asian manufacturers as an inexpensive instant meal, requiring only hot water for preparation.
In terms of Western-style cuisine, vegetable, chicken base, potato, pasta and cheese soups are also available in dry mix form, ready to be served by adding hot water and sometimes fresh ingredients such as meat or vegetables.
Types.
Soup is often served as the starter, first course, or entrée before a main meal. In 1970, Richard Olney gave the place of the entrée in a French full menu: "A dinner that begins with a soup and runs through a fish course, an entrée, a sorbet, a roast, salad, cheese and dessert, and that may be accompanied by from three to six wines, presents a special problem of orchestration".
Fruit.
Fruit soups are served warm or cold depending on the recipe. Many recipes are for cold soups served when fruit is in season during hot weather. Some, like Norwegian "fruktsuppe", may be served warm and rely on dried fruit, such as raisins and prunes and so could be made in any season. Fruit soups may include milk or cream, sweet or savoury dumplings, spices, or alcoholic beverages, such as brandy or champagne. Cherry soup is made with table wine and/or port. Starch, particularly potato starch, is used to thicken fruit soups, to make "kissel". Blåbärsoppa is a Swedish dish, that usually contains several kinds of berries (for example bilberries, raspberries, strawberries and/or lingonberries), sugar, water and the optional cider or, less commonly nowadays, champagne. The berries, sugar and water are boiled together to make a soup, which is then allowed to cool. When it's cold, cider or champagne are added, which makes the soup fresher and slightly carbonated.
Cold and warm fruit soups are common in Scandinavian, Baltic, Middle, and Eastern European cuisines (e.g. nyponsoppa, blåbärssoppa, kissel, hideg meggyleves and krentjebrij), while hot fruit soups with meat appear in Middle Eastern, Central Asian and Chinese cuisines.
Fruit soups are uncommon or absent in the cuisines of the Americas, Africa and Western Europe. They are also not seen in Japan, Southeast Asia or Oceania.
Cold.
Cold soups are a particular variation on the traditional soup, wherein the temperature when served is kept at or below room temperature. They may be sweet or savory. In summer, sweet cold soups can form part of a dessert tray. An example of a savory chilled soup is gazpacho, a chilled vegetable-based soup originating from Spain. Another example is Mool Naeng Myun which is a Korean cold beef broth.
Asian.
A feature of East Asian soups not normally found in Western cuisine is the use of tofu in soups. Many traditional East Asian soups are typically broths, "clear soups", or starch thickened soups.
As a figure of speech.
In the English language, the word "soup" has developed several uses in phrase.

</doc>
<doc id="19651301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651301" title="Aati Rahengi Baharein">
Aati Rahengi Baharein

Aati Rahengi Baharein was a popular television drama series that aired on Zee TV channel on September 9, 2002. The story focused on the concept of unselfish friendship and emotional bonding between friends who are from different social backgrounds. The series was set in a Gujarat milieu.
Concept.
The story revolves around the life of the lead protagonist, Dr. Amar Sanghani, who is the son of a businessman who owns a garment shop. While the father is proud of his son’s achievements, the mother influenced by her brother feels that a businessman’s son should become a businessman uncaring for her son’s prestigious degree. Besides focusing on Amar, the series also about Amar's two best friends', Paddy and Milind, with whom he shares a close bond since childhood despite them belonging to different stratas of society. Amar's life takes an unfortunate turn when he finds out that he is suffering from a deadly disease which is incurable. Amar then takes a decision and cutting out everyone he cares and love from his life, so when he leaves no one would miss him.

</doc>
<doc id="19651316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651316" title="1917 in India">
1917 in India

Events in the year 1917 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651322" title="Storage ring">
Storage ring

A storage ring is a type of circular particle accelerator wherein a continuous or pulsed particle beam may circulate for many hours. Storing a particle depends upon its mass, energy and usually charge. Storage rings most often store electrons, positrons, or protons. 
Storage rings' most common application is storing electrons that emit synchrotron radiation. Over 50 facilities are based on electron storage rings, used for various chemical and biological studies. Storage rings can produce polarized high-energy electron beams via the Sokolov-Ternov effect. Storage rings' best-known application is in particle accelerators and in particle colliders, wherein two counter-rotating beams of stored particles collide at chosen locations, the resulting subatomic interactions studied in a surrounding particle detector. Among synchrotron facilities are LHC, LEP, PEP-II, KEKB, RHIC, Tevatron and HERA.
A storage ring is a synchrotron that stores particles at a constant energy, and with radio-frequency cavities only replace energy lost through synchrotron radiation and other processes.
Gerard K. O'Neill proposed the use of storage rings as building blocks for a collider in 1956. A key benefit of storage rings therein is their being able to accumulate a high beam flux from an injection accelerator that achieves a much lower flux.
Important considerations for particle-beam storage.
Magnets.
A force must be applied to particles in such a way that they are constrained to move approximately in a circular path. This may be accomplished using either dipole electrostatic or dipole magnetic fields, but because most storage rings store relativistic charged particles it turns out that it is most practical to utilise magnetic fields produced by dipole magnets. However, electrostatic accelerators have been built to store very low energy particles, and quadrupole fields may be used to store (uncharged) neutrons; these are comparatively rare, however.
Dipole magnets alone only provide what is called weak focusing, and a storage ring composed of only these sorts of magnetic elements results in the particles having a relatively large beam size. Interleaving dipole magnets with an appropriate arrangement of quadrupole and sextupole magnets can give a suitable strong focusing system that can give a much smaller beam size. The FODO and Chasman-Green lattice structures are simple examples of strong focusing systems, but there are many others.
Dipole and quadrupole magnets deflect different particle energies by differing amounts, a property called chromaticity by analogy with physical optics. The spread of energies that is inherently present in any practical stored particle beam will therefore give rise to a spread of transverse and longitudinal focusing, as well as contributing to various particle beam instabilities. Sextupole magnets (and higher order magnets) are used to correct for this phenomenon, but this in turn gives rise to nonlinear motion that is one of the main problems facing designers of storage rings.
Vacuum.
As the bunches will travel many millions of kilometers (considering that they will be moving at near the speed of light for many hours), any residual gas in the beam pipe will result in many, many collisions. This will have the effect of increasing the size of the bunch, and increasing the energy spread. Therefore, a better vacuum yields better beam dynamics. Also, single large-angle scattering events from either the residual gas, or from other particles in the bunch (Touschek effect), can eject particles far enough that they are lost on the walls of the accelerator vacuum vessel. This gradual loss of particles is called beam lifetime, and means that storage rings must be periodically injected with a new complement of particles.
Particle injection and timing.
Injection of particles into a storage ring may be accomplished in a number of ways, depending on the application of the storage ring. The simplest method uses one or more pulsed deflecting dipole magnets (injection kicker magnets) to steer an incoming train of particles onto the stored beam path; the kicker magnets are turned off before the stored train returns to the injection point, thus resulting in a stored beam. This method is sometimes called single-turn injection.
Multi-turn injection allows accumulation of many incoming trains of particles, for example if a large stored current is required. For particles such as protons where there is no significant beam damping, each injected pulse is placed onto a particular point in the stored beam transverse or longitudinal phase space, taking care not to eject previously-injected trains by using a careful arrangement of beam deflection and coherent oscillations in the stored beam. If there is significant beam damping, for example radiation damping of electrons due to synchrotron radiation, then an injected pulse may be placed on the edge of phase space and then left to damp in transverse phase space into the stored beam before injecting a further pulse. Typical damping times from synchrotron radiation are tens of milliseconds, allowing many pulses per second to be accumulated.
If extraction of particles is required (for example in a chain of accelerators), then single-turn extraction may be performed analogously to injection. Resonant extraction may also be employed.
Beam dynamics.
The particles must be stored for very large numbers of turns potentially larger than 10 billion. This long term stability is challenging, and one must combine the magnet design with tracking codes. and analytical tools in order to understand and optimize the long term stability.
In the case of electron storage rings, radiation damping eases the stability problem by providing a non-Hamiltonian motion returning the electrons to the design orbit on the order of the thousands of turns. Together with diffusion from the fluccuations in the radiated photon energies, an equilibrium beam distribution is reached. One may look at for further details on some of these topics.

</doc>
<doc id="19651327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651327" title="Azergues">
Azergues

The Azergues is a river in the Rhône department, in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Saône, which it joins in Anse. Its source is in the Beaujolais hills, near Chénelette. The Azergues flows through the following towns: Lamure-sur-Azergues, Le Bois-d'Oingt, Chessy, Châtillon, Chazay-d'Azergues and Anse.
Etymology.
The name "Azergues" comes from the Arabic "Azrek" (), which means blue.

</doc>
<doc id="19651329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651329" title="Sparkle in the Rain">
Sparkle in the Rain

Sparkle in the Rain is the sixth studio album by Simple Minds, released on 6 February 1984. A breakthrough commercial success for the band, the record peaked at number one in the UK Albums Chart on 18 February 1984, and reached the top 20 in numerous other countries around the world, including New Zealand, Netherlands, Sweden, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, Norway, and Australia. Receiving mostly positive reviews in the United Kingdom and the United States, "Sparkle in the Rain" was ultimately certified double platinum in the UK by the British Phonographic Industry, and significantly increased media interest in the band.
Background.
Signs of a possible change in musical direction into a more stadium-oriented sound first became apparent during a series of live performances in the summer months of 1983 by Simple Minds to huge European crowds. Lead singer Jim Kerr returned to a natural, unadorned facial and hair style, as "whatever they would have to say would be in the music." "Those gigs brought us back to the rawest kind of state, I think," Kerr said. "In places like that, 50,000 people, there's just no room for subtlety, and there's no need for it, there's no want for it." This foresaw the band coming into direct contact with U2 for the first time at the Belgian rock festival Torhout-Werchter; upon meeting the two bands immediately developed a strong liking for each other. Kerr remarked, "we saw a lot of ourselves in them and vice versa," and refuted the accusation that Simple Minds were merely joining the "new rock" led by U2. "We get this thing levelled at us of being influenced by them, but they're equally influenced by us. It might be in a much subtler sense, in dynamics or some of the sounds."
A new song, "Waterfront", was performed by the band when selected as "special guests" of headline acts U2 at Dublin's Phoenix Park in August 1983. "The song's throbbing pulse and enormous sense of space suggested the way the band were thinking," Adam Sweeting commented, "the elaborate, almost ornate arrangements of "New Gold Dream" were receding into the distance. Simple Minds were making bigger music for bigger occasions." Shortly afterwards, the band were looking for a producer for their forthcoming sixth album; initially Alex Sadkin, of the Compass Point All Stars, was sought after due to his work with Grace Jones, but his schedule was incompatible with that of Simple Minds. Steve Lillywhite however, had wanted to produce for the band for a long time, and ultimately Simple Minds completed a three-way Celtic grouping along with U2's "War" and Big Country's "The Crossing" under Lillywhite.
Recording.
In September 1983, Simple Minds travelled to Monnow Valley Studio in Rockfield, near Monmouth in Wales, for three weeks to work on some new material; Lillywhite accompanied them for the last two weeks to meet the musicians and suggest some modifications to their music. This material consisted of around six tracks developed during a session the band had spent at a recording studio called The Chapel in Lincolnshire in January, and other initial samples recorded in London's Nomis Studios before their performance at Phoenix Park. At Rockfield, most of the tracks were dramatically changed, as they had begun as demos consisting only of work by Mick MacNeil and Charlie Burchill, with some drum and bass machine sounds overlapping. With drummer Mel Gaynor now having fully integrated himself into the band, the songwriting was beginning to be influenced consistently from all group members.
The group relocated to Townhouse Studios in London by October, by which time their updated material retained "only a bassline or keyboard melody from the original four-track demo". As a producer, Lillywhite differed from Peter Walsh on the previous album by going with "the feel of the moment" rather than following "any preconceptions about he wanted the album to turn out". He tried to emphasize musical unity between the band members; for instance, he pressed Jim Kerr to write lyrics for songs as soon as he could, such that his vocal melodies were influenced by the instrumentation. "On their earlier records, everyone's parts didn't really bear much resemblance to everyone else's," discussed Lillywhite. "Mick would be fiddling away like this, Charlie would be going like this, then Jim would come in and sing something completely different to what the other two were doing. Whereas I now think Jim is taking some of the melodies from the guitar and the keyboards, which he didn't use to, which makes it more like a song."
Burchill likened Lillywhite's producing style and manner to that of the film director Werner Herzog. Generally starting studio work at eleven o'clock in the morning, the band found the recording process repetitive, as each track was meticulously refined and sharpened through multiple iterations. With this leading to the group becoming tense and distracted, Lillywhite occasionally asked the band members to vacate the studio while he worked on mixing. The album's working title was "Quiet Night of the White Hot Day", which eventually survived as a lyric in the complete album's seventh track "White Hot Day". The recording process drew to a completion with Lillywhite and the band adding some finishing touches to "Up on the Catwalk"; Jim Kerr sang some additional lines that had been stored in his notebook instead of name-dropping some extra famous people towards the song's end. Minor imperfections in phasing and pitch were then corrected to complete the album.
Musical style.
"Sparkle in the Rain" is a generally rock-oriented album, a departure from the new wave aesthetic of its critically acclaimed predecessor "New Gold Dream (81-82-83-84)". Kerr, before its release, described the forthcoming "Sparkle in the Rain" as an "art record—art without tears with masses of muscle". The band's new drummer Mel Gaynor, who had contributed for some tracks on the previous record, agreed on the album's aggressiveness: "On this album I'm getting a few of my ideas across, not only in the drumming field but in other fields as well. It's a lot different from "New Gold Dream", both sound-wise and material-wise. The last one was very smooth, very polished. This album's got a bit more dirt in it." Regarding the role of producer Steve Lillywhite, Brian Hogg wrote that "Sparkle in the Rain" "captured the bravura of their in-concert sound" and Lillywhite "introduced a dynamic, often contrasting, perspective quite unlike the panoramic standpoint of its predecessor, but there was no denying the resultant brash excitement." Adam Sweeting described how, during the recording process of "Up on the Catwalk", "Forbes and Gaynor had combined to create a steamrolling rhythm track which came hammering out of the opening chorus like a runaway train."
MacKenzie Wilson of AllMusic described the album's musical style thus: "Synth-beats throb over Charlie Burchill's new wave third-chord guitars and swooning basslines...Piano vibes are pinch-hitting and Kerr's songwriting thrives on celebrity and the falling grace that coincides that." The overall effect of the instrumentation is a "densely packed juggernaut of an LP", with Adam Sweeting describing the "big, spacey feel" of "Waterfront" as atypical. Other slower tracks include the instrumental "Shake Off the Ghosts" and the "pensive" "'C' Moon Cry Like a Baby", while the punk-revivalist "The Kick Inside of Me", "straining vocal and stinging guitar" of "Speed Your Love to Me", and "pounding percussion and keyboards" of "Up on the Catwalk" and "Book of Brilliant Things" emphasize the album's more intense sound. Matt White of PopMatters described the band's transformation into "soaring, grandiose rock": "The electronic elements are pared down in favor of more standard piano flourishes, the guitar now having won the battle of dominant instrument."
Lyrical content.
A review of the album for "Rolling Stone" discussed how many of Jim Kerr's lyrics can be interpreted as religious references, such as The Bible in "Book of Brilliant Things", or redemption at the Christian cross in "East at Easter". "Simple Minds find religious illumination in the vertigo of their fertile imaginations," wrote Parke Puterbaugh, "and it comes out as psychedelic testifying – all fast movement and kaleidoscopic repetition – that builds to a crescendo of ecstasy and release." Hence, the subject matter on "Sparkle in the Rain" can be seen as more outward-looking and aspirational than on more introspective tracks such as "Someone Somewhere in Summertime" on the preceding album. For example, "Waterfront" was written as both a eulogy to their place of origin Glasgow and as a celebration of much wider aspirations to recover its once-thriving industry. Jim Kerr, stating that the song's lyrics were inspired by the ruined shipbuilding sector on the River Clyde, said "you always see your home town differently when you come back...I became aware of a grander scheme of things," although Puterbaugh speculated that lyrics such as "Get in, get out of the rain" and "...move on up to the waterfront" may relate to "baptismal immersion or death".
Jim Kerr's vocal performance on "The Kick Inside of Me" was described by Dave Thompson of AllMusic as "a Saint Vitus frenzy", where he "attempts to shake the ghosts right out of his body. Are they the specters of punk's past, the spirits of inspiration now gone? Or the shades that dwell in our deepest recesses, set free by the power of music?" Despite Puterbaugh's observations, "East at Easter" is in fact a critique of conflicts in the Falkland Islands and Lebanon and a "plea for peace in the face of all this horror". "Speed Your Love to Me", meanwhile, concerns "people running to meet each other, unable to focus on anything other than a reunion that keeps receding." Noel Murray, writing for "The A.V. Club", speculated, "While the guitars twinkle and Kerr yells, "You go to my head," it's hard to know whether the moment is ecstatic or desperately manic." PopMatters' Matt White described the song's lyrics as managing "to make a line like 'She would like to make a wish / Twenty-four cannot be this' sound both sad and triumphant." The album also contains a cover version of Lou Reed's song "Street Hassle".
Release.
Due to a desire to release the album worldwide simultaneously, Simple Minds decided not to put the record out for sale before Christmas 1983, instead releasing "Sparkle in the Rain" on 6 February 1984. The first UK pressing was issued on white vinyl; the album immediately entered the UK Albums Chart at No. 1 to became the band's first chart-topper, and it remained in the charts for 57 weeks; among the band's records, only "Once Upon a Time" has bettered this chart run. The first Canadian pressing was issued on transparent vinyl (but using the standard green/red Virgin label instead of the custom design); the album peaked at No. 14 in the Canadian "RPM" national album chart. "Sparkle in the Rain" was certified gold in Canada for selling over 50,000 units in that country, and topped the New Zealand Albums Chart for two weeks, further remaining in their charts for eighteen weeks. "Sparkle in the Rain" also peaked at No. 2 in both Sweden, charting for six weeks, and the Netherlands, charting for thirty weeks. By 1988 "Sparkle in the Rain" had sold approximately one million-and-a-half copies worldwide.
"Sparkle in the Rain" produced three UK Top 40 singles. The first was "Waterfront", peaking at No. 1 in the New Zealand Singles Chart and charting for thirteen weeks. It also reached No. 13 in the UK Singles Chart, and remained in the charts for ten weeks. It remains one of the band's signature songs to this day. The album was also preceded by the release of "Speed Your Love to Me" which reached No. 20 in the UK, although "Up on the Catwalk" fared less well; released in March 1984, the single only managed a peak of #27.
Virgin Records reissued "Sparkle in the Rain" as a remastered edition on 21 October 2002; this edition features improved sound quality and faithfully reproduced artwork and packaging from the original record. Around 2006, a set of eight demos for the album from 1983 were leaked to the internet. The drumming for "Speed Your Love To Me" is less dramatic, while "Book of Brilliant Things" is driven by a much stronger bass line than the album version. "White Hot Day" is at a slower tempo, and "Shake Off the Ghosts" sounds more related to the instrumental B-side "Brass Band in Africa" at this stage.
Critical reception.
Upon release "Sparkle in the Rain" received mostly favourable reviews. In the U.S, Parke Puterbaugh writing for "Rolling Stone" awarded the album four stars out of five, describing the record as the band's finest, and their playing as weaving "a complex web of sound from the unlikeliest parts: churchy, staccato keyboards; lacelike, arpeggiated guitar lines and soaring wisps of feedback; and metallic-sounding drums." Puterbaugh summarized "Sparkle in the Rain" as "Roxy Music-gone-2001". A review in the "College Music Journal" complimented how Lillywhite's production gave the band "a grand sound to match their lyrical ambitions", drawing comparisons with the sounds of bands such as U2 and Big Country and how "it helps Simple Minds sound more cohesive...the words and music forming a complete whole rather than two antagonistic elements as in the past." "Sparkle in the Rain" was listed by "CMJ" at No. 20 in their "Top 20 Most-Played Albums of 1984".
In the UK, meanwhile, where the album met with much greater commercial success at No. 1 in the charts, Don Watson of the "NME" felt such a grand, rock-oriented sound compared unfavourably with those aforementioned bands, dubbing Simple Minds "U3" in his review. This moniker went down badly amongst members of the band. Nonetheless, listeners of the Toronto-based radio alternative radio station CFNY-FM voted "Sparkle in the Rain" the third best album of 1984, behind "Mirror Moves" by the Psychedelic Furs and U2's "The Unforgettable Fire" but ahead of Echo & the Bunnymen's "Ocean Rain" and Frankie Goes to Hollywood's "Welcome to the Pleasuredome".
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, MacKenzie Wilson awarded the album four-and-a-half stars out of five, saying the record marked "the band's best effort thus far, capturing thick seascapes of illustrious lyrical visions". The review continued: ""Sparkle in the Rain" is a glimpse of what's to come from Simple Minds. Kerr's heart-wrenching vocals soar and such emotion only leads to earning a global following."
Legacy.
In his biography of the band, Adam Sweeting looked back on "Sparkle in the Rain" as a "transitional album, a step away from the mesmerizing, instrumentally based travelling music they'd become identified with towards an outsize form of rock. Their new music was harder, heavier, and less subtle. They knew they were moving on towards a new phase, but they hadn't got it quite right yet, which was why "Sparkle" seemed rooted in the past while straining to see into a future which still wasn't entirely clear."
Simon Price of "The Independent", agreeing that the album was a departure, asserted that although "something horrible happened" later in Simple Minds' career, "Sparkle in the Rain" was not the cause: "Their post-"New Gold Dream" decline didn't immediately make itself obvious. "Sparkle in the Rain" pioneered a new "Big Music" whose full stadium-sized horror had yet to become apparent, and there was something attractive about the clattering majesty of "Waterfront". Peter Walker, writing for "The Guardian", went against this view, describing "the thudding, plodding backdrop to "Waterfront", lead single for the follow-up album, 1984's "Sparkle in the Rain". The song was their first major hit but heralded a new, lumpen Simple Minds, who in pursuit of U2 and world domination shed all that was good about their sound."
"Sparkle in the Rain" was listed as the 100th greatest Scottish album of all time by a 2003 issue of "The Scotsman" newspaper, who praised the album thus: "Released in 1984, "Sparkle in the Rain" was the album by which Simple Minds became a 'stadium' band. Lillywhite conjured a more direct sound in which former subtleties were shrouded in power and dynamism. New drummer Mel Gaynor thrived in this environment, best exemplified in "Waterfront", a homage to Glasgow as seen through the changing face of the River Clyde."

</doc>
<doc id="19651332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651332" title="Washington–Grizzly Stadium">
Washington–Grizzly Stadium

Washington–Grizzly Stadium is an outdoor athletic stadium in Missoula, Montana, located on the campus of the University of Montana. Opened in 1986, it is home to the Montana Grizzlies college football team, a dominant program of the Big Sky Conference and consistently a top team in Division I FCS, formerly known as "Division I-AA". The infilled SprinTurf playing field is below ground level at an elevation of above sea level and runs in the traditional north-south orientation. The press box is above the west sideline and lights were added for the 2012 football season. It is the largest all-purpose stadium in the state of Montana.
History.
The stadium is named after construction magnate Dennis Washington, a Montanan who donated $1 million to finance the stadium's construction in 1985. The stadium opened on October 18, 1986, and the Griz have racked up an impressive home record of 142-20 ().
Capacity and expansions.
The current seating capacity is 25,217 and the stadium has been expanded three times, most recently in 2008 with an upper deck expansion of 2,000 seats on the east side.
The original capacity in 1986 was 12,500 permanent seats on the sidelines with open grass seating behind the end zones, an approximate capacity of 15,000, weather-permitting. Permanent seating for the end zones was installed in 1995, which brought the seating to 18,845. Corner seating in the north end zone opened in 2003 and the most recent expansion in 2008 to the east grandstand brought the capacity to 25,217.
Field surface.
Infilled SprinTurf was installed in 2001, and replaced in 2008. For its first fifteen seasons, the playing surface was natural grass. With the addition of the artificial turf in 2001, the playing surface was renamed "John Hoyt Field."
GrizVision.
The video screen "GrizVision," was installed in 2002 in the south end zone; at , it is one of the largest screens in an FCS football stadium.
Previous venues.
Before Washington–Grizzly Stadium, the Grizzlies played off-campus at "new" Dornblaser Field from 1968-86. Prior to 1968, Montana played on-campus at "old" Dornblaser Field from 1920-67 (both named for Paul Dornblaser, football captain in 1912, killed in World War I). Prior to 1920, Montana played its home games at a field in downtown Missoula, near the former "Missoulian" newspaper building.

</doc>
<doc id="19651354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651354" title="Lebanon Mountain Trail">
Lebanon Mountain Trail

The Lebanon Mountain Trail (LMT) is a long-distance hiking trail in Lebanon. It extends from Qbaiyat in the north of Lebanon to Marjaayoun in the south, a path that transects more than 75 towns and villages at altitudes ranging from 600 to 2,000 meters (about 3,000-5,600 feet) above sea level. The LMT aims to showcase the natural beauty and cultural wealth of Lebanon’s mountains and to demonstrate the determination of the people of Lebanon to conserve their heritage. The trail brings communities closer together and expands economic opportunities in rural areas through environmentally and socially responsible tourism.
Background.
ECODIT, a company providing environmental and development consulting services, conceived, designed and implemented the LMT project with grant funding from the American People, under a two-year (2005-2007) Cooperative Agreement with USAID Lebanon. As part of the LMT project, ECODIT helped establish the Lebanon Mountain Trail Association to ensure the long-term sustainability of the trail for generations to come.
The following partners helped implement various activities under the LMT project:
Subcontractors
• ECODIT Liban sarl
• The International Ecotourism Society (TIES)
• University Saint-Esprit de Kaslik (USEK)
Resource Groups
• Appalachian Trail Conservancy (ATC)
• US Forest Service (USFS)
• Club des Vieux Sentiers (CVS)
Partners
• About 50 municipalities
• Government Agencies (Ministry of Tourism, Ministry of Environment, Directorate of Geographic Affairs, Directorate General of Urban Planning, Litani River Authority)
• Lebanese Scout Organizations
• Tour Operators (Biladi, Cyclamen, Esprit Nomade, Lebanon Roots, Liban Trek, Lebanon Roots, Vamos Todos, Blue Carrot Adventure Club, Club Des Vieux Sentiers, Friends of Nature With No Boundaries, Gravity Trek, Ibex Ecotourism, La Réserve Afqa, Lebanese Adventure, The Club of Hidden Roads of Lebanon, Responsible Mobilities)
• NGOs (Ansar El Bi’a Sir Ed Dinniyeh, Friends of Bcharre Cedar Committee, Environment Council of Qobaiyat, SOIL Hasbaya, Friends of Tannourine Cedar Forest, Friends of Horsh Ehden, Wadi Al Zouhour Qmamine, Friends of Green Environment Association Al Barouk, Al Shouf Cedar Society, Al Beit Al Loubnani Lal Bi’a (Kfarhim), Al Khraibi Club, The Cultural and Social League of Niha, Social Development NGO Boqaatat Kanaan, Active Club Kfardebian, Social Cultural and Sporting Club of Aqoura)
Sections.
The LMT is divided into 26 sections, each of which is 12–20 km long and can be hiked in one day:
Lodging.
Lodging is available in many of the villages along the trail. Several bed and breakfast operate in villages that are at the ends of the trail sections. The LMT Association maintains a list of available lodging along the trail on its website (see External links below).
Local guides.
LMT Association encourages hikers to hire local guides when hiking the trail. The local guides know the trails and can add local color to the hike. The association's web site lists the local guides.

</doc>
<doc id="19651357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651357" title="Chatsmore Catholic High School">
Chatsmore Catholic High School

Chatsmore Catholic High School is an 11–16, mixed comprehensive school located in Goring By Sea, Worthing, West Sussex. The school holds specialist Arts College status.
The head teacher is Mr Michael Madden, NPQH. There are currently 632 students on the roll.
Facilities.
Chatsmore has a canteen, the Learning Resource Centre (library) more commonly known as the "LRC" by the pupils, a food technology room, an Apple suite, which has many iMacs and Macbooks inside for more creative lessons, a wood tech room, graphics rooms, a drama department, an average-sized gym, a large sports hall, tennis courts, football pitch and a very large field.
Houses.
As of the 2012 - 2013 academic year.
The school now has a vertical tutoring system; the pupils are organised into four houses currently named Teresa, Bridget, Columba and Wilfrid. The houses were named after saints the students voted for.
Each house has a Progress Leader who deals with the 120 or so students in their house. The current progress leaders are:
The school operates a Senior Ambassador system with head boy and girl and two student house representatives for each house. The student heads of houses are:
The Head Boy and Head Girl for 2012–2013 are Jack Dignan and Abby Myerscough.
The school prayer is:
<poem>
God be in our heads and in our understanding,
God be in our eyes and in our looking,
God be in our mouths and in our speaking,
God be in our hearts and in our caring,
God be with our friends and families,
Be with us now and always.
Amen
</poem>
The school hit the news in the summer of 2008 when it banned the popular drink Red Bull as it believed that the drink had an adverse effect on the behaviour of the pupils.

</doc>
<doc id="19651369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651369" title="1914 in India">
1914 in India

Events in the year 1914 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651380" title="Kim Pyung-Seok">
Kim Pyung-Seok

Kim Pyung-Seok (; born 29 September 1958) is retired football player and manager.
He played in K-League side Hyundai Horang-i and Yukong Elephants in South Korea.
Early life.
He started football when he was high school student. He graduated from Yeoido High School, but since the school did not have a football team, he enrolled in another high school, namely Kwangwoon Electronic Technical High School.
He graduated from Kwangwoon Electronic Technical High School, he failed to entrance into a school. He joined the now defunct "Nong Hyup FC" and played. Two years later, he joined the navy for military duty, and then joined navy football team.
After he was discharged from military service in October 1981, he entered Kwangwoon University. When he was sophomore, his team won the university championship tounamant.
Playing career.
He left university without graduating when his team won the championship, he joined K-League side Hyundai Horang-i. He played for Hyundai Horang-i in K-League, he appeared in 83 games. In 1989, he moved to Yukong Elephants and one year later he retired.
His main position was left full back and sometimes played as a central defender and central midfielder.
He was member of South Korea in 1983–1987.
Managerial career.
He participated 1998 FIFA World Cup for South Korea coach. But he managed to last game of South Korea due to manager Cha Bum-Kun was replacement by defeat against Netherlands resulted 0–5. last game against Belgium resulted draw by 1–1.
Come back to South Korea, he managed hogh school football team quite long. Also he coached Cha Bum-Kun Youth Academy. From 1996 to 1999, he managed South Korean women's football team that Incheon Steel WFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19651392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651392" title="Jørgen Reenberg">
Jørgen Reenberg

Jørgen Reenberg (born 8 November 1927) is a Danish film actor. He has appeared in 30 films since 1948.
He was born in Denmark. He is the brother of Danish film director Annelise Reenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19651414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651414" title="Tenino people">
Tenino people

The Tenino people, commonly known today as the Warm Springs bands, are several Sahaptin Native American subtribes which historically occupied territory located in the North-Central portion of the American state of Oregon. The Tenino people included four localized subtribes — the Tygh, or "Upper Deschutes;" the Wyam, or "Lower Deschutes;" the Dalles Tenino; and the Dock-Spus, or "John Day."
Historically splitting their time between winter camps and summer camps on the Columbia River, in 1855 the Tenino people were made a party to the Treaty with the Tribes of Middle Oregon, which was negotiated by Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs Joel Palmer. The Warm Springs bands are today a part of the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, which governs the Warm Springs Indian Reservation in Central Oregon.
History.
Description.
The Tenino people, commonly known today as the Warm Springs bands, comprised four local subtribes: the Dalles Tenino; the Tygh, or "Upper Deschutes"; the Wyam, or "Lower Deschutes"; and the Dock-Spus, or "John Day." These bands occupied split their time between inland winter villages close to water and fuel supplies and summer camps with rich fisheries located on the south bank of the Columbia River in today's North-Central Oregon.
The Tenino people spoke a dialect of the Sahaptin language, a tongue shared by the neighboring Umatilla people located to the East. Other neighboring tribal entities spoke other languages, including the Wasco and Wishram, located to the Northwest, who spoke a dialect of the Chinookan language, the Molala people across the Cascade Range to the West, who spoke Waiilatpuan, and the Northern Paiute to the South, who spoke a variant of Shoshoni.
The Tenino people historically recalled only one great war with other Columbia River peoples, a victorious battle with the Molala which forced the latter to the other side of the Cascade Mountains. One brief battle was also fought with the Klamath, a group which was otherwise a valuable trading partner. The tribe did have a historic enemy in the Northern Paiute, however, with conflict between the two groups characterized anthropologist G.P. Murdock as having been "endemic."
Economics.
Up to the 19th Century the Warm Springs bands were semi-nomadic peoples, engaging neither agriculture nor the raising of domesticated food animals. The fishing of salmon, the hunting of game animals, and the gathering of wild foodstuffs were essential activities of the tribal bands. Labor was differentiated on the basis of gender, with men doing the hunting and most of the fishing. Men also produced all implements from stone, bone, or horn and were responsible for felling trees and stockpiling firewood. Men produced the dugout canoes used for river transport and constructed the permanent winter dwellings.
Women preserved the meat and fish for later use by drying or smoking and engaged in most of the work in collecting plant-based foods, which included berries and other fruit, roots, acorns, and pine nuts. Women also cooked the food in each family group and produced, repaired, and laundered clothing and bedding. Women also produced thread, rope, baskets, bags, and mats.
Women also were primarily responsible for the conduct of trade with visitors from other tribal groups, while in the late summer and into the fall parties of men periodically set out to trade with others. Trade exports of the Tenino people included dried salmon, fish oil, and animal furs. Imported products included baskets, horses, slaves, buffalo hides, feathers, and shells.
The Warm Springs bands did not live communally, but rather divided themselves into family groups, each of which had its own dwellings. In the winter villages, occupied each year from approximately November to March, each family had two houses — an oval dugout lodge covered with earth that was used for sleeping and a rectangular dwelling built above ground which was covered with mats and used for cooking and other daytime activities. In the summer months, generally April through October, the band would relocate to the river, where families would construct rectangular temporary dwellings with poles and mats. These were divided, with half used for sleeping while the other half was used as a covered area for the processing of salmon for later use.
Culture.
The Tenino people participated in regular festivals related to the obtaining of the first foods of the new year. Each April a ceremonial party would be sent out to catch fish and gather wapato roots for a large festival celebrated collectively at the Dalles Tenino village by all tribal members except for the Dock-Spus band, which celebrated separately. This ritual of the First Fish was common to most of the Native American peoples of the Pacific Northwest coast and Columbia River plateau.
Typically with First Fish rituals of the region, one versed in specific verbal incantations was called upon to make use of his skill to catch the ceremonial fish. The fish was never to touch the ground, but was laid upon a mat made of reeds and butchered with a traditional knife before being cooked in a prescribed manner and shared by designated members of the tribal group. After being consumed, the bones were to be thrown directly back into the water so that they would not be consumed by dogs or other carnivores and the meal was to be followed by traditional songs and dances. It was commonly believed that the soul of the First Fish would return downstream to other salmon and relate the respectful way in which in was captured and eaten, thereby inspiring other salmon to travel upstream to be treated with the same honor and respect.
Following this festival about half the families in the village departed on a hunting expedition to the south, while the rest remained at the summer village on the river, catching and drying fish.
Each July the entire community congregated again, this time to partake of berries and venison in another summer foods celebration. Following this festival the community would again divide, with half remaining to catch and smoke salmon while the others departed to gather nuts and berries and to hunt. Reeds would be gathered for the manufacture of mats in October, followed by the disbanding of the temporary summer village and a return to the permanent winter village further inland.
Interaction with European-Americans.
The Tenino people were first noted by the Lewis and Clark Expedition late in October 1805, when several members of the band were recruited to help the Corps to port their boats and equipment around the impassible Celilo Falls. A full day was spent moving these supplies, while entertained onlookers gathered to witness the spectacle.
Near Celilo Falls explorer William Clark observed the traditional drying method used for the preservation of salmon:
"After being sufficiently dried it is pounded between two stones fine, and put into a species of basket neatly made of grass and rushes better than two feet long and one foot diameter, which basket is lined with the skin of salmon stretched and dried for the purpose. In this it is pressed down as hard as possible. When full they secure the open part with fish skins across which they fasten through the loops of the basket...very securely, and then on a dry situation they set those baskets, the corded part up. Their common custom is to set 7 as close as they can stand and 5 on top of them, and secure them with mats which wrapped around them and made fast with cords and covered with mats. Those 12 baskets of from 90 to 100 lbs. each form a stack. Thus preserved those fish may be kept sound and sweet several years, as those people inform me. Great quantities as they inform us are sold to the whites people who visit the mouth of this [Columbia river as well as to the natives below."
Establishment of Warm Springs Reservation.
On June 25, 1855 the United States Government established the Warm Springs Indian Reservation as part of a treaty with the four bands of the Tenino people as well as three of the bands of the neighboring Wasco. The Dalles Tenino, Tygh, Wyam, and Dock-Spus were effectively forced from their historic homelands to the new reservation in 1857, with the Wasco bands and other Chinookan-speaking neighbors following in 1858. According to the 1858-59 report of the reservation, some 850 Tenino individuals had been relocated there by that date, with another 160 members of the Wyam and Dock-Spus bands not yet relocated.
This new reservation was locate on lands historically belonging to the Northern Paiute, and for several years afterwards this band retaliated against their historic enemies by conducting raids for horses and other forms of plunder.
In addition to the reservation the Tenino people have a right by treaty to use the lands around Government Camp, Oregon on Mount Hood. The Mt. Hood Tribal Heritage Center, named Wiwnu Wash, opened at the Mount Hood Skibowl in 2012.
Tenino people today.
Today the Warm Springs bands are a part of the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs. As the 20th Century came to a close the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs counted a total membership of 3,405, including descendants of the Tenino, Wasco, and Northern Paiute tribal groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19651415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651415" title="Palm Island, Aruba">
Palm Island, Aruba

Palm Island is a small private island near Aruba, Kingdom of the Netherlands, serving as a tourist attraction. 
The island is a 5-minute ferry ride from the mainland. The island includes a small beach and a water park.
Activities.
The beach area extends a short distance into the ocean. It is forbidden to go far out from the beach, to protect both people and life in the sea. 
Blue Parrotfish Water Park has water-slides and a little pool. The island has an "all-you-can-eat" buffet beverage, and giftshops.[http://www.depalm.com/de_palm_island/de_palm_island.html].
Snorkeling is one of the main activities on the island, as many of Arubas many species of fish exist here, including the Blue parrotfish. It is forbidden to fish or remove any wild animals from the island. Due to this strict rule, the fish that swim in the shallows are used to the presence of people, and are not easily scared by human activity. 

</doc>
<doc id="19651420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651420" title="1912 in India">
1912 in India

Events in the year 1912 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651455" title="SAND protein">
SAND protein

SAND protein family, first described in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (but also in the animals "Fugu rubripes", "Caenorhabditis elegans", "Drosophila melanogaster" and "Homo sapiens" and in the plant "Arabidopsis thaliana" using comparative genomics), is membrane protein related with vesicle traffic (vacuole fussion in yeasts and lysosome one in mammals and other "taxa". In humans has been described an interaction with HSV-1, a virus which produces Herpes simplex.

</doc>
<doc id="19651464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651464" title="Zangeki no Reginleiv">
Zangeki no Reginleiv

, originally titled Dynamic Slash, or Dynamic Zan, is an action game for the Wii developed by Japanese developer Sandlot and published by Nintendo. It was first revealed at Nintendo's conference on October 2, 2008. It was released on February 11, 2010 in Japan. No North American, European, or Australian release dates have been announced. With its black cover design, it is the third game to break the tradition of white keep cases for Wii video games; the first two were New Super Mario Bros. Wii and Metroid Prime Trilogy.
Plot.
The story is an adaption of the Ragnarok story of Norse mythology. The player controls one of two angelic siblings, Frøy and Freia, who serve the Norse gods by battling the races of giant that have emerged, leading to the eventual rebirth of the world. While the game takes considerable artistic license with the source material, it does reflect events and characters from the original myth.
Characters.
Playable characters.
The male protagonist of the game and Freia's brother. Frøy is a Norse god who appears a young human man. He is skilled in swordplay and martial arts due to tutelage from the god Týr. When he learned that the Kyoshin Army, the antagonistic force of the game, had invaded the human realm of Midgard, he pleaded with Odin to allow him and his sister to join the humans in battle. He is voiced by Daisuke Namikawa.
The female protagonist of the game and Frøy's sister. Like her brother, she also appears as a young human woman and is skilled in handling magical weaponry. Compared to Frøy, Freia's open-mindedness gives her a more sympathetic presence in the gods' court of Asgard. She is voiced by Aya Endō.
Features.
The game supports free four-player online cooperative gameplay via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection. Players can control the on-screen character via the Wii MotionPlus in combination with the Nunchuk or the Classic Controller. It also includes weapon customization and more than 300 weapons. The player has the ability to target an enemy's head or limbs and cut them off, complete with blood effects.
Reception.
Due to the game only being released in Japan, not many outlets have reviewed the game. "Famitsu", Japan's weekly gaming magazine, awarded the game a 28/40 with a breakdown of 8/7/7/6.
NTSC-uk were impressed by the number of enemies the game featured but criticised the resulting slowdown and claimed that "Hacking, slashing, zapping and exploding. Zangeki no Reginleiv does what it promises."
In America, PixlBit awarded the game 4/5 stars citing the game's excellent WiiMotion Plus utilization and the co-operative online mode. Siliconera said that the game is "mindless fun", "so mindless ... people are either going to love it or hate it."

</doc>
<doc id="19651475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651475" title="1928 in India">
1928 in India

Events in the year 1928 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651480" title="List of awards and nominations received by AC/DC">
List of awards and nominations received by AC/DC

AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band formed in Sydney, Australia in 1973 by brothers Angus and Malcolm Young. Although the band are considered pioneers of heavy metal, its members have always classified their music as "rock 'n' roll". AC/DC underwent several line-up changes before releasing their first album, "High Voltage", in 1975. Membership remained stable until bassist Cliff Williams replaced Mark Evans in 1977. In 1979, the band recorded their highly successful album "Highway to Hell". Lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980, after a night of heavy alcohol consumption. The group briefly considered disbanding, but soon ex-Geordie singer Brian Johnson was selected as Scott's replacement. Later that year, the band released their best-selling album, "Back in Black". The band's next album, "For Those About to Rock We Salute You", was also highly successful and was their first album to reach number one in the United States. AC/DC declined in popularity soon after the departure of drummer Phil Rudd in 1983. Poor record sales continued until the release of "The Razors Edge" in 1990. Phil Rudd returned in 1994 and contributed to the band's 1995 album "Ballbreaker". "Stiff Upper Lip" was released in 2000 and was well received by critics. The band's new album "Black Ice" was announced in June 2008 and was released on October 20, 2008. The album's first single, "Rock 'N Roll Train", earned AC/DC a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Group or Duo with Vocals. Another "Black Ice" track, "War Machine," gained AC/DC their first Grammy Award win, for Best Hard Rock Performance.
From 1982 to 1991, AC/DC have received several nominations from awards ceremonies for their music. The American Music Awards nominated the band for Favorite Pop/Rock Band/Duo/Group. The group received several nominations from the Grammy Awards, including Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance for "Blow Up Your Video" in 1989, and Best Hard Rock Performance for three songs in different years: "The Razors Edge" in 1991, "Moneytalks" in 1992, and "Highway To Hell" in 1994. The band also received the nomination for Best Heavy Metal/Hard Rock Video for "Thunderstruck" in 1991 from the MTV Video Music Awards.
In 2009 AC/DC received four nominations for their 2008 album "Black Ice" in the ARIA Music Awards which included Best Rock Album, Highest Selling Album, Best Group and Best Album. They won the awards for Best Rock Album and Highest Selling Album. Overall, AC/DC have received thirteen nominations and have won three awards.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. AC/DC have received one nomination.
APRA Awards.
The APRA Awards are awarded annually to Australasian artists by the Australasian Performing Right Association.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards are awarded annually to Australian artists by the Australian Recording Industry Association. They were inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1988 alongside their producers Vanda & Young. AC/DC have won three awards from five nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. AC/DC have won one award from seven nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. AC/DC have received one nomination.
Rock on Request Awards.
The Rock on Request Awards are hosted annually by the music webzine "Rock on Request". AC/DC have received one award.

</doc>
<doc id="19651498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651498" title="Frank Wilkeson">
Frank Wilkeson

Frank Wilkeson (March 8, 1848 – April 22, 1913) was an American journalist, soldier, farmer and explorer. He wrote several books, including an autobiography of his service in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was among the first white men to explore and map the Cascade Pass in the state of Washington.
Early life and education.
Wilkeson was born in Buffalo, New York, in 1848 to a prominent and wealthy family. He was the youngest son of famed journalist Samuel Wilkeson (1817–1889) and Catherine Cady, a sister of social activist Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Their next-door neighbor was U.S. President Millard Fillmore. One of his older brothers, Bayard Wilkeson, would be killed during the Civil War at the Battle of Gettysburg while commanding an artillery battery on what became known as Barlow's Knoll. Frank was educated at New London, Connecticut, and in New Hampshire.
Their father, Samuel Wilkeson, was a newspaper correspondent who covered the Civil War for "The New York Times" and was present at Gettysburg during the battle in which 19-year-old Bayard was killed. A year later, 14-year-old Frank ran away from home and on March 26, 1864, joined the Union Army. Claiming he was an 18-year-old farmer, young Wilkeson enlisted in the 11th Battery of the New York Light Artillery.
Career.
Military career.
Wilkeson was sent to serve in the Army of the Potomac in Virginia, where he took part in the Overland Campaign of General Ulysses S. Grant. Wilkeson's unit was not actively engaged in the Battle of the Wilderness on May 5–6, 1864, so Wilkeson, overcome by youthful curiosity, took an unauthorized leave of absence from his battery and fought as an infantryman alongside elements of General Winfield Scott Hancock's Second Corps using a discarded musket he picked up on the battlefield. The following day he returned to his battery where he was punished for his absenteeism, then diligently remained with them during the subsequent Battle of Spotsylvania Courthouse, Battle of Cold Harbor, and opening stages of the Siege of Petersburg.
Due to the political influence of his family, Wilkeson was offered a commission as a second lieutenant in the 4th U.S. Artillery. He initially declined the assignment which was first offered to him during the Battle of Cold Harbor, but several weeks later at Petersburg, suffering from what his memoirs indicate was post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), he accepted the promotion and left the grueling life of a combat soldier behind. As an officer he was sent to help man the defenses of Washington, D.C., and later severed in command of an artillery detachment guarding Confederate prisoners at Elmira Prison in Upstate New York. Finally, he was transferred to the Chattanooga, Tennessee, area as the war was winding down and Reconstruction beginning. He resigned his commission and was honorably discharged in March 1866.
Post-military career.
After the war, Wilkeson worked as a mining engineer in Pennsylvania and married Mary Crouse in 1869. The couple then settled in Johnstown but in 1871 they moved to Gypsum, Kansas, where they managed a large cattle ranch and wheat farm.
In the 1880s, Wilkeson wrote for several newspapers including "The New York Times", as well as contributing articles to periodicals such as "Harper's Weekly".
A memoir of his military experiences, highly critical of how the war was conducted by corrupt politicians and incompetent officers, was published in 1887 under the title "Recollections of a Private Soldier in the Army of the Potomac, 1864–1865". Wilkerson's book included a startling chapter entitled "How Men Die in Battle" that graphically described the various ways men were killed in combat during the Civil War particularly noting their facial expressions. Highly regarded by historians for its no-holds-barred style, the book was reprinted in 1997 as "Turned Inside Out: Recollections of a Private Soldier in the Army of the Potomac" with an introduction by Pulitzer Prize-winning author James M. McPherson.
Death.
Wilkeson died from complications of diabetes at a hotel in Chelan, Washington, on April 22, 1913. He was buried in Gypsum, Kansas.
Honors.
The town of Wilkeson, Washington, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19651499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651499" title="Barry Meyer">
Barry Meyer

Barry M. Meyer is an American television producer, who serves as Chairman of Warner Bros. Entertainment.
Early life.
Born in New York City to a Jewish family, Meyer holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of Rochester and a Juris Doctor from Case Western Reserve University School of Law. He is a member of the bar in New York and was admitted to the practice of law in Ohio in 1967, however his Ohio license was suspended in 2005.
Warner Bros..
Meyer joined the Warner Bros. Entertainment in 1971 as Director, Business Affairs for Warner Bros. Television, following two and a half years in both the legal and business affairs departments of the ABC Television Network. In 1972, Meyer was named Vice President, Business Affairs, Warner Bros. Television. In 1978, he became Executive Vice President for the television division and in 1984, he was promoted to Executive Vice President of Warner Bros. Inc., taking charge of all of the Studio’s television operations.
In 1994, Meyer took on added responsibilities as Chief Operating Officer, which included oversight of the Company’s general operations (including studio facilities, legal and business affairs, general administration, human resources, labor relations, strategic planning, real estate development and government affairs), as well as all of the Studio’s television production and distribution operations (including Warner Bros. Television, Telepictures Productions, Warner Bros. Animation and the domestic and international television distribution divisions). Meyer was also an integral architect in the formation of The WB Television Network, which went on the air in January 1995 and played a similar role in the founding of The CW. 
Barry M. Meyer became Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Warner Bros. on October 4, 1999 after having served as the Studio’s Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer since April 1994.
Under Meyer’s leadership, Warner Bros. has consistently ranked as one of the strongest, most profitable and best-positioned studios in the industry. In 2009, Warner Bros. Pictures’ domestic division had its most successful year ever, and both the domestic and international division had their ninth consecutive billion dollar-plus years at the box office.
Meyer often serves as a key advisor on industry-wide production, labor and regulatory issues. He is a member of the Board of Councilors of the USC School of Cinema-Television; a member of the Board of Directors of the Motion Picture Association of America; a member of the Board of the Museum of Television & Radio; a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences; a member and former Governor of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences; a member and past member of the Board of the Hollywood Radio and Television Society; and is involved in numerous charitable and civic activities.
Meyer was honored with the American Jewish Committee’s 2006 Dorothy and Sherrill C. Corwin Human Relations Award for his many humanitarian efforts. In March 2013, Meyer stepped down as CEO of Warner Bros. and was succeeded by Kevin Tsujihara. 

</doc>
<doc id="19651509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651509" title="Fixed allele">
Fixed allele

A fixed allele is an allele that is the only variant that exists for that gene in all the population. A fixed allele is homozygous for all members of the population.
The term "allele" normally refers to one variant gene out of several possible for a particular locus in the DNA. When all but one allele go extinct and only one remains, that allele is said to be fixed. 

</doc>
<doc id="19651525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651525" title="Bowman, Quebec">
Bowman, Quebec

Bowman is a village and municipality in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It is located in the Laurentian Hills, north-east of Gatineau.
Geography.
The municipality is bordered to the east by the Du Lièvre River and by Whitefish Lake ("lac du Poisson Blanc") in the north-west. Its terrain is characterized by several deep lakes (including Reservoir l'Escalier) in a hilly terrain with altitudes between and .
History.
Bowman Township was formed in 1861 and named after one of the first inhabitants of this place, Baxter Bowman, who operated a sawmill at Dufferin Chutes in Buckingham and was owner of a large tract of forest in the Outaouais in the late nineteenth century.
On 1 January 1885, Bowman was combined with Villeneuve Township to form the United Township Municipality of Bowman-et-Villeneuve. In 1913, the Township Municipality of Bowman was formed when the two townships separated (Villeneuve was renamed to Val-des-Bois in 1958), and in 1954, its statutes were amended again to become the Municipality of Bowman.
Bowman was affected by the 2010 Central Canada earthquake and suffered some damage to a 50 metre wide area of land near a bridge. Traffic on Route 307 was diverted while Transport Canada assessed the damage. There were no fatalities.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings (occupied by usual residents): 302
Languages:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19651530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651530" title="Österreichisches Wörterbuch">
Österreichisches Wörterbuch

The Österreichisches Wörterbuch (), abbreviated ÖWB, is the official dictionary of the German language in Republic of Austria. It is edited by a group of linguists under the authority of the Austrian Federal Ministry of Education, Arts and Culture ("Bundesministerium für Unterricht, Kunst und Kultur"). It is the Austrian counterpart to the German "Duden" and contains many terms unique to Austrian German or that are more frequently used or differently pronounced there. A considerable amount of this "Austrian" vocabulary is also common in Southern Germany, especially Bavaria, and some of it is used in Switzerland as well. The most recent edition is the 42nd from 2012. Since the 39th edition from 2001 the orthography of the ÖWB was adjusted to the German spelling reform of 1996. This dictionary is also in official use in the Italian province of South Tyrol.
History.
The first edition of the Austrian Dictionary was edited in 1951 on an initiative from the then Austrian minister of education Felix Hurdes. It replaced the old ""Regeln für die deutsche Rechtschreibung nebst Wörterbuch"", a standard work for the German orthography that dated back to pre-World War I times (1879 and 1902). The first edition had 276 pages and around 20.000 entries and was designed for use in the Austrian educational system.
At that time, only six years after World War II, Austria was still under allied administration and the Austrian civilian government tried to cut political ties to Germany, including cultural and linguistic reminiscences to the former Nazi regime. The creation of the Austrian dictionary has to be assessed under these circumstances. The annexation of Austria into Greater Germany in 1938 had also brought a unified official standard form of the German language, that was now revised by referring to pre-war Austrian standards and by including local vocabulary originating from Austro-Bavarian dialects, especially but not exclusively typical Viennese terms.
The Austrian dictionary hence defined the Austrian form of Standard German, making it official and obligatory for use in schools and in public administration. For private persons, the business correspondence of companies, publishing houses and newspapers it remained an orthographic recommendation.
Since then it was republished and expanded in numerous editions, that were each published in three different versions: a reduced version for primary schools ("Volksschule"), a medium sized version for high schools ("Hauptschule, Gymnasium") and a full version for the general public. The 35th edition from 1979 was considerably expanded in the listed vocabulary and with the 39th edition from 2001 the reformed German orthography was adopted. This new standardized orthography, that was determined by an international group of experts from Germany, Switzerland and Austria, lead to considerable debates and refusal in Austria. Most newspapers switched to the reformed othography but some later revoked their decisions and now use either the old version or a separate in-house orthography ("Hausrechtschreibung").
The Austrian dictionary remained with the reformed orthography, only at terms that are differently pronounced in Austria, the orthography differs from the German standard. Nevertheless the ÖWB still includes a considerable amount of unique vocabulary, that was even expanded in the newest 40th edition.
Characteristics.
The 40th edition from 2006 contains in the full version around 80,000 terms on 1,008 pages. The school version is slightly reduced 864 pages, whereas the small version is limited to 20,000 terms. The authors of this edition were the linguists Otto Back, Erich Benedikt, Karl Blüml, Jakob Ebner and Hermann Möcker from the institute of Austrian studies ("Institut für Österreichkunde"), as well as the dialectogists Maria Hornung, Professor Heinz Dieter Pohl from the University of Klagenfurt and Emeritus professor Herbert Tatzreiter from the University of Vienna.
There are about 3,000 new terms that were added to the 39th edition, among them a lot of Austrian neologisms like „"E-Card"“ for the Austrian social security card, „"Hacklerregelung"“, a legal term for a special retirement law, and „"Pensionsharmonisierung"“. From the colloquial vocabulary new terms were added like „"Altenbetreuer"“ (geriatric nurse), „"anzipfen"“ (to get fed up), „"ablösefrei"“ (without transfer fee), „"Audiobook"“, „"Afro-Look"“ und „"Alkopops"“ (soft drink with liquor). New technological terms were also added, like: „"skypen"“, „"VoIP"“, „"Blog"“, „"Linux"“ and even „"Wikipedia"“.
Interesting to see is, that even new terms might differ from their counterparts in Germany. The Austrian dictionary now sets the term „"smsen"“ (to text message, pronounced as-am-as-an) as standard, whereas the Duden uses „"simsen"“, both derived from the English abbreviation „"SMS"“ for ""short message service"".
On the other hand, numerous outdated word were taken from the 40th edition, either because their reference in the real world ceased to exist or because they became out of fashion. Examples are „"Absperrkommando"“, „"affengeil"“ und „"Arbeitermittelschule"“. However the terms „"Schilling"“ and „"Gendarmerie"“ are still listed, although their signifiants don't exist any more. Still included are some typical dialect terms, that continue to be used also in the written language, like the Carinthian „"Strankerl"“ (common beans) or the word „"Zöger"“ bzw. „"Zeger"“ for a wicker basket.
Other typically Austrian words in the dictionary are for example: „"Dulliähstimmung"“ (drunkenness), „"Greißler"“ (grocery shop), „"Gwirkst"“ (complicated situation), „"Jausengegner"“ (easy opponent in sports), „"Käsekrainer"“ (a Kranjska klobasa), „"klass"“ (terrific), „"Outwachler"“ (a linesman), „"Pfusch"“ (moonlighting), „"pipifein"“ (fine), „"Roadpricing"“, „"Stockerlplatz"“ (a medal rank in sports), „"Szenebeisl"“ (a hip nightclub), „"tschechern"“ (to booze), „"zach"“ (chewy, tough) and „"zerknautschen"“ (to crumple).
A curiosity had been the protest of several parents against the 39th edition. They argued that in their opinion were too many "dirty words" listed in the dictionary, of which some have been therefore removed from the school version of the 40th edition, for example the word „"pempern"“, which is a colloquial term for practicing sexual intercourse.
Language policy.
The objective of the Austrian dictionary has never been to do classical language planning, but to do a re-codification of the form of the German language used in Austria. New terms were only included to the dictionary, when they had already been in considerable use in newspapers and contemporary literature.
Although the dictionary was originally designed to promote Austrianism and language patriotism, throughout the years the dictionary commission followed a moderate policy of contrastive linguistics and tried to avoid language secessionism. Nevertheless in the case of conflicting definitions the Austrian dictionary overrules the Duden and remains the sole source for defining the Austrian standard. In post-World War II Austria the German Duden never had any legal authority, although informally it is also widely in use as a work of reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19651535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651535" title="Reyssouze (river)">
Reyssouze (river)

The Reyssouze is a river in the Ain department in eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Saône, which it joins near Pont-de-Vaux. Its source is in Journans, in the Bresse region. The Reyssouze flows generally northwest through the following communes: Montagnat, Bourg-en-Bresse, Attignat, Montrevel-en-Bresse and Pont-de-Vaux.

</doc>
<doc id="19651542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651542" title="1916 in India">
1916 in India

Events in the year 1916 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651550" title="Lise Thomsen">
Lise Thomsen

Lise Thomsen (26 December 1914 – 26 November 2003) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 38 films between 1938 and 1977.
She was born in Florida and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19651571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651571" title="Grace Inez Crawford">
Grace Inez Crawford

Grace Inez Crawford, also known as Grace Lovat Fraser (1889-1977) was a singer, actress, costume designer, translator of plays, and author of several books. 
Biography.
She was born in Paris in 1889, daughter of Theron Clark Crawford, an American entrepreneur, and a highly trained amateur pianist. Her father's professional projects (including work with Buffalo Bill Cody's "Wild West Show") caused the family to reside in various European and American cities, but England was considered home. Crawford's circle of acquaintances in London included Ezra Pound, Ford Madox Ford, Violet Hunt, William Butler Yeats, and D. H. Lawrence.
Crawford received training in voice, ballet, piano, and music theory, as well as French, German and Italian. She met her future husband, artist Claud Lovat Fraser, during a fitting for a faun costume for Hugo Rumbold's adaptation of "L'Apres-midi d'un Faune". After a brief courtship, they were married February 6, 1917. During the next four years, until Fraser's death in 1921, the two worked jointly on a number of theatre projects, including "La Serva Padrona" and 'The Liar' (both of which Crawford translated), and Fraser's long-running production of "The Beggar's Opera". Their daughter, Helen Catherine Adeline Lovat Fraser, was born in 1918.
After Fraser's death, Crawford promoted and protected his artistic legacy through exhibitions and publications. She continued her own work in singing and in costume design, working with prominent music and theatre figures of the time, including composer Arthur Bliss, Sergei Diaghilev, and Nigel Playfair. Tamara Karsavina, the Russian ballerina, was a lifelong friend.
Crawford also worked in other design-related businesses. In 1923 she formed a firm with Norman Wilkinson and a Mr. Trevelean that specialized in scenery and dress for the theatre, interior decoration for the home, hand printed fabrics, and "modern" clothing. She was editor of the magazine Art and Industry, worked in the design departments of Schweppes and Venesta Limited, and served for a time on the Research and Industrial Design Advisory Departments of Pritchard, Wood & Partners, Ltd.
Her memoirs, "In the Days of My Youth", was published in 1970.
Marriage and children.
Crawford married artist Claud Lovat Fraser on February 6, 1917. Their daughter, Helen Catherine Adeline Lovat Fraser, was born in 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="19651618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651618" title="1926 in India">
1926 in India

Events in the year 1926 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651644" title="Angel Balzarino">
Angel Balzarino

Angel Balzarino (born August 4, 1943) is an Argentine writer who currently lives in Rafaela.

</doc>
<doc id="19651657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651657" title="1908 in India">
1908 in India

Events in the year 1908 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651660" title="Frits Helmuth">
Frits Helmuth

Frits Helmuth (3 July 1931 – 12 December 2004) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 60 films between 1938 and 2004.
He was born and died in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was the son of Osvald Helmuth and is the father of Mikael Helmuth and Pusle Helmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="19651663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651663" title="Hiroshi Ishiguro">
Hiroshi Ishiguro

Professor Hiroshi Ishiguro (石黒浩 "Ishiguro Hiroshi") is director of the Intelligent Robotics Laboratory, part of the Department of Systems Innovation in the Graduate School of Engineering Science at Osaka University, Japan. A notable development of the laboratory is the actroid, a humanoid robot with lifelike appearance and visible behaviour such as facial movements.
In robot development, Professor Ishiguro concentrates on the idea of making a robot that is as similar as possible to a live human being; at the unveiling in July 2005 of the "female" android named Repliee Q1Expo, he was quoted as saying 
"I have developed many robots before, but I soon realised the importance of its appearance. A human-like appearance gives a robot a strong feeling of presence. ... Repliee Q1Expo can interact with people. It can respond to people touching it. It's very satisfying, although we obviously have a long way to go yet." In his opinion, it may be possible to build an android that is indistinguishable from a human, at least during a brief encounter. 
Ishiguro has made an android that resembles him, called the Geminoid. The Geminoid was among the robots featured by James May in his 5 October 2008 BBC2 documentary on robots "Man-Machine" in his series "Big Ideas". Ishiguro has been listed as one of the 15 Asian Scientists To Watch by "Asian Scientist Magazine" on 15 May 2011. 
Publications.
Papers.
List at Osaka University website

</doc>
<doc id="19651669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651669" title="Italian Basketball Supercup">
Italian Basketball Supercup

The Italian Basketball Supercup (Italian: Supercoppa Italiana di Pallacanestro), or Supercoppa Italiana, is the professional preseason basketball competition that takes place each year between the winners of the Italian Championship and the winners of the Italian Cup. The Italian Supercup competition began in the year 1995.
History.
The 2006 Italian Supercup took place in October 2006. The teams that played in the Supercup were Benetton Treviso, the winners of the Italian Championship and Eldo Napoli, the winners of the Italian Cup. Benetton won the Supercup by a score of 76 to 73. The match was broadcast live on television by Sky Sports extra. There were 3,636 spectators present, and among them were Mike D'Antoni and Vinny Del Negro. Treviso's Marcus Goree was selected the MVP.
The 2007 Italian Supercup took place in September 2007. The teams that played in the Supercup were Montepaschi Siena, the winners of the Italian Championship and Benetton Treviso, the winners of the Italian Cup. Siena won the Supercup by a score of 96-50. The match was broadcast live on television by Sky Sports 2. Mens Sana Basket's Shaun Stonerook was selected the MVP.
The 2008 Italian SuperCup took place in September 2008. The teams that played in the Supercup were Montepaschi Siena, the winners of the Italian Championship and Air Avellino, the winners of the Italian Cup. Siena won the Supercup by a score of 108-72. The match was broadcast live on television by Sky Sports 2. Mens Sana Basket's Terrell McIntyre was selected the MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="19651671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651671" title="Patrick Shea (Utah lawyer)">
Patrick Shea (Utah lawyer)

Patrick A. Shea (born February 28, 1948) is a Salt Lake City based lawyer who has taken on many cases related to freedom of the press. He also held office in the United States Department of the Interior.
Shea co-authored with Rodney K. Smith "Religion and the Press: Keeping First Amendment Values in Balance", a book which argued that Freedom of the Press had been taken too far in allowing the media to publish unsubstantiated claims that demean religious leaders.
Shea also represented Massachusetts Democratic Party in seeking to gain enough information to exclude Romney from running for governor in Massachusetts. He represented Skip Knowles in his case involving being fired by the Salt Lake Tribune for plagiarism. He represented Steven Greenstreet's defense against Kay Anderson's attempts to revoke Greenstreet's use of an interview with Anderson in a documentary film This Divided State. Shea also was one of the lawyers for Brent Jeffs in his sexual molestation suit against his uncle Warren Jeffs. He is admitted to the bar in the District of Columbia and Utah.
Education.
Shea received his bachelor's degree from Stanford University. He then was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University. He received his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1975. He has taught courses at Brigham Young University, University of Utah, Kansas State University, and Westminster College. Since his return to Utah in 2001 Shea has been a member of the University of Utah political science department's faculty. Shea is currently a Fellowship Adviser to Honors Program at Westminster College, Salt Lake City in collaboration with 'The Living Arts Experience: A Seminar in Liberal Ideals'.
Political career.
Shea became chairman of Utah Democratic Party in 1983 and chaired state presidential campaigns of Walter Mondale, Michael Dukakis, and Bill Clinton. he ran for Governor of Utah in 1992 (lost in the primary by a margin of 57% to 43% to Stewart Hanson, who finished third behind Republican winner Mike Leavitt and Independent Merrill Cook in the general election), and was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate against Orrin Hatch in 1994 (lost by 68.8%-28.3%).
In 1997, Shea was appointed as the national director of the Bureau of Land Management. he served as the director of the Bureau of Land Management and Deputy Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management under President Clinton.
Prior to becoming head of the BLM, Shea was the head of City Creek Canyon Park in Salt Lake City.
Shea is an Irish Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="19651687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651687" title="Minehead Without">
Minehead Without

Minehead Without is a civil parish in the English county of Somerset, and within the Exmoor National Park. As its name suggests, the parish covers a rural area to the west of, but not including, the small coastal town of Minehead. The parish's principal settlement is the hamlet of Bratton.
The parish has an area of and in the 2001 census had a population of 60 people in 25 households. There is no church within the parish.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council’s operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of West Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Williton Rural District. The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
As Minehead Without falls within the Exmoor National Park some functions normally administered by district or county councils have, since 1997, fallen under the Exmoor National Park Authority, which is known as a ‘single purpose’ authority, which aims to "conserve and enhance the natural beauty, wildlife and cultural heritage of the National Parks" and "promote opportunities for the understanding and enjoyment of the special qualities of the Parks by the public", including responsibility for the conservation of the historic environment.
It is also part of the Bridgwater and West Somerset county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election, and part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament which elects seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Landmarks.
Bratton Court is a manor house, parts of which date from the 14th century. It has been designated as a grade I listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="19651725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651725" title="1927 in India">
1927 in India

Events in the year 1927 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651726" title="1972 Australian Grand Prix">
1972 Australian Grand Prix

The 1972 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race for cars complying with the Tasman Formula, which admitted both Formula 5000 and 2 litre racing cars. The race, which was held at Sandown International Raceway on 20 February 1972, had 19 starters.
It was the thirty seventh Australian Grand Prix and doubled as round seven of the 1972 Tasman Series and was held only 3 months after the 1971 race.
Defending winner Frank Matich started the race on pole in his Repco Holden powered Matich A50 which had won the 1971 race on debut. New Zealand's Graham McRae started alongside Matich on the front row in his Leda GM1-Chevrolet.
Matich led from the start but was out after just 5 laps with a failed scavenge pump. McRae recorded the first of three AGP wins (all won at Sandown) by 3 seconds from the Lola T300-Chevrolet of Frank Gardner who had qualified 3rd. British International 
driver David Hobbs finished 3rd in his McLaren M18/M22-Chevrolet after starting from 4th on the grid.
McRae's win gave him an unassailable lead in the 1972 Tasman Series points table with one round remaining.
Classification.
Results as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19651758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651758" title="Holly Hughes">
Holly Hughes

Holly Hughes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19651772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651772" title="Dainzú">
Dainzú

Dainzú is a Zapotec archaeological site located in the eastern side of the Valles Centrales de Oaxaca, about 20 km south-east of the city of Oaxaca, Oaxaca State, Mexico. It is an ancient village near to and contemporary with Monte Alban and Mitla, with an earlier development. Dainzú was first occupied 700-600 BC but the main phase of occupation dates from about 200 BC to 350 AD. The site was excavated in 1965 by Mexican archaeologist Ignacio Bernal.
Toponymy.
The original name of this town is unknown. The archaeological site is named from the word "Dannizhú", used by ancient inhabitants to refer the site, at the time when Bernal made local inquiries.
"Dainzú" means "hill of the organ cactus" in Zapotec, it is formed from two Zapotec words: "danni" meaning "hill" and "zu" meaning "organ cactus".
Another name used for the archaeological site is "Quiebelagayo" (Zapotec language) that meas "Cinco Flore” (Five flower). 
The above has the same meaning of the Nahua Toponymy Macuilxóchitl, name of the town closest to Dainzú.
History.
The founding chronology of Dainzú is uncertain. However, it seems possible that the site was occupied some centuries before the foundation of Monte Albán, as evidenced by the corresponding Rosario Phase ceramics found in the Oaxaca central valleys (700 – 500 BCE). At that time, Dainzú was one of the main villages of Tlacolula Valley. It was contemporary of other important population centers such as San José Mogote at the Etla Valley. As was the case with the rest of the villages from the region, Dainzú must have contributed in the foundation of Monte Albán. The Monte Albán construction was a milestone that contributed to the population decline in the zone, Dainzú population decreased around 200 BCE. In spite of Monte Albán important flourishing, Dainzú kept a dynamic of its own and positioned itself as one of the most important cities during the Classical mesoamerican period. Finally the decline of Monte Albán caused relations reshuffling between the villages of the region, which also affected Dainzú and caused its decline.
There are numerous archaeological sites on the banks of the Rio Salado, including the early village of Abasolo. Opposite, on the west of Dainzú is a farming alluvial land; where Rosario Phase ceramic found confirms a Dainzú occupation from 750 BCE.
Archaeological Site.
The architectural style of this site is important due to the unique structure characteristics that distinguish it from others in the Valley of Oaxaca; these reflect a high artistic quality, as in the case of the lower platform of building A, which has a bas-reliefs gallery representing, what have long been thought to be, ballgame players. However, new interpretations of these figures have recently been proposed. 
During his urban stage, Dainzú functioned as a second rank village, in terms of economic, political and religious importance. The main occupation corresponds to a transition period called II-IIIa, at approximately 250 to 350 CE.
Dainzú built against a hill, apparently for aesthetic reasons the original entrance was on the side of the River at the west end. Had a long occupation sequence from 600 BCE to 1,200 CE, although there is a possibility, according to archaeological evidence, there is a possibility that the area was occupied before Monte Alban, Dainzú apogee occurred from 600 BCE to 200 CE.
The site is located beside a tributary of the Rio Salado, while steps and chambers carved into the rock on the peak above perhaps belonged to a shrine.
Structures.
The stone used for construction at Dainzú is mainly from river cobbles formed from volcanic rock such as basalt.
All building construction was adjusted to the site topography.
Only three structures have been explored thus far:
Building A.
Located in the highest part of the site, apparently had religious purposes. Its construction is staggered, four platforms built with stones and clay, building four platforms, most interesting are the bas-reliefs decorating the bottom of the south wall of the lower body, called sculpture gallery, every stone contains figures with motion, there are not two the same and complete in varied positions. According to Ignacio Bernal hypothesis, these represent ballgame players whose position reveals movement, probably were placed during a reconstruction of the platform, reason there does not seem to be any arrangement.
The structure is a large platform built against the west-facing hillside and has about 35 bas-reliefs carved into the southern side of its lower wall. Most of these represent ball-players, while four represent the four ballgame deities. Interspersed among the representations of ballplayers are a small number of bas-reliefs depicting priests making offerings, these stones are incised with calendrical dates and may represent specific rituals related to the ballgame.
It is the oldest terrace, constructive characteristics have similarities with J building at Monte Albán.
Comprises three terraces superimposed on the hill, is connected with building B by means of a stuccoed patio. It has two facades (north and south) with a large stairway in the Center. 
The upper terrace is the highest and is formed by an almost vertical wall of more than 5 meters high with rounded corners, access was through a roofed stepped indoor passage. During investigations, four rooms were found, roof made by large stones placed at an angle, as in some of the Monte Albán tombs. 
The lower terrace forms a 1.25 meter vertical wall. Entrance is by a stairway system recessed in the wall, at the southwest corner.
On the north side the relief is different from the rest. The terrace has a central stairway. 
During the different construction stages, changes were made, for example the addition of rooms, stairways and walls, with the essential aim of repairing building damages and prepare for new and other uses.
At the hill summit of this building, is a large number of natural rocks protruding from the vegetation and representing severed heads, probably related to ball players.
Bas-Reliefs Gallery.
These representations are unique in Mesoamerica the bas-reliefs portray religious dignitaries as well as ball players holding a small ball in a hand.
The site features a gallery of carved stone bas-reliefs similar in style to the "danzante" bas-reliefs at Monte Albán. Forty-seven of these represent ball-players wearing protective equipment such as helmets, knee-guards and gauntlets and holding a small ball in one hand. A large ball-court was found nearby, with an east-west orientation.
Further bas-reliefs are carved into the living rock of the hilltop shrine.
The presence of skulls may be an indication of the symbolism associated with the game.
Bas-Relief Interpretation.
Although a minority of researchers suggest that the reliefs are of fighters, perhaps hurling stones, the strong consensus is that they portray ballplayers. According to researcher Heather Orr, the reliefs form a processional sequence, showing specific moments from a ritual "fixed ball game with human sacrifice as the final outcome".
Building B.
Located west of complex A. Comprises a huge structure with a set of large walls rooms and beautiful stairways and patios that provide access to the their different parts and correspond to different constructive times. It has six architectonic overlays, corresponding to different periods; the building has an important tomb with a jaguar bas-relief on a monolithic rock that forms the entrance. The head of the jaguar is engraved in the lintel with the forelegs flanking the entrance. 
The constructions simplicity and generosity of open spaces in plazas or patios, lead to imagine civic or popular activities. 
Access to this building is very characteristic: entrance was through the terrace bottom or plaza, via a staircase attached to the wall and crossed by a roofed hallway roofed with large monolithic stone slabs.
Originally this complex had two separate terraces, which were connected by the "Templo Amarillo ". There are underground drainage channels for rainwater in several places. These are well constructed with rectangular cross-section.
Inside the terraces, four funerary chambers were found and several simpler tombs. 
The most important tomb (tomb 7), was completely private and access was through a stairway.
Tomb 7.
It was built in the central part of building B with engraved stone walls and niches. The roof consists of a monolithic stone. The entrance has a Jaguar figure, the head is engraved in the lintel and the forelegs flank the entrance. 
This tomb was looted perhaps in prehispanic times, hence it is partially destroyed.
Chronologically the Tomb corresponds to the Monte Alban II-III A era (200 to 600 CE).
Templo amarillo.
It is a small adobe and stone construction located inside building B, it is certainly an altar built over a stuccoed platform, it faces a small patio to the west, the portico is composed of two monolithic (Monte Alban style) cylindrical columns on the right side, a rectangular niche was found. The entire building was painted yellow ochre. It might have had a religious significance as its orientation.
Conjunto C.
Esta estructura conectaba al sur con el conjunto B, de la misma altura. Es realmente una pequeña terraza que conectaba al sur con el conjunto D, aun no excavado.
Ballgame Court.
Only one half of the ballgame court has been excavated and restored; It has small stone blocks resembling steps and were covered with stucco to form a sloped surface.
Located in the center of a large square. Seen in architectural plant, it is “I” shaped, as the Monte Alban and Yagul ballgame courts. It is oriented east-west, characteristic of all Mesoamerican ballgame courts.
During its investigation, anthropomorphic reliefs were found, representing ballgame players, confirming the ritual importance of this activity in the area.
Was built with engraved irregular stones jointed with clay mortar and pebbles or remnants of ceramics; It was covered with a thin stucco layer.
Players clothing consisted of a very particular combination of pants, knee pads, face masks or feline helmets and tapes among other elements.
In Dainzú are represented two types of ballgame; one corresponds to images of older reliefs, gloves are used to catching, hitting or throwing the ball; the other was played at a later time in the I-shaped ballgame courts, the ball was stroked or launched with the hips. This latest version of the game is known with the name of olomaliztli.

</doc>
<doc id="19651777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651777" title="Ebbe Langberg">
Ebbe Langberg

Ebbe Langberg (1 August 1933 – 3 February 1989) was a Danish actor and film director. He appeared in 45 films between 1946 and 1988.
He was born and died in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was the son of actor Sigurd Langberg and brother of actor Jesper Langberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19651802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651802" title="Benjamin Tabart">
Benjamin Tabart

Benjamin Tabart (1767–1833) was an English publisher and bookseller of the Juvenile Library in New Bond Street, London. Many of the books in his list were written by himself. In an age of strictly moralizing children's literature, he broke ground with his fairy tales and light-hearted nursery stories and chapbook tales. His is the first printed version (1807) of the tale of Jack and the Beanstalk. Tabart had for an editor Mary Wollstonecraft (Mrs William Godwin) and maintained close professional relations with the prolific publisher, Sir Richard Phillips.
The standard bibliography of Tabart's production is Marjorie Moon, "Benjamin Tabart's Juvenile Library: A Bibliography of Books for Children Published, Written, Edited and Sold by Mr. Tabart, 1801–1820". (Winchester: St Paul's Bibliographies) 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19651816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651816" title="Taï Phong">
Taï Phong

Taï Phong is a French progressive rock band formed by two Vietnamese brothers Khanh Mai (guitar, voice) and Tai Sinh (bass, guitar, voice, keyboards), in 1975. They were joined by Jean-Alain Gardet (keyboards), Stephan Caussarieu (drums, percussions) and Jean-Jacques Goldman (guitar, voice, violin).
They released three albums between 1975 and 1979: "Taï Phong" (1975), "Windows" (1976) and "Last Flight" (1979). "Sister Jane", the first single from their first album, was a radio hit.
The band reunited in 2000 with Khan Maï and Stephan Caussarieu. They are joined by Hervé Acosta (voice) and Angelo Zarzuelo (keyboards).
As of 2007, Khan Maï remains the only original member of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="19651831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651831" title="Savi (disambiguation)">
Savi (disambiguation)

Savi was the capital of the 17th- and 18th-century African Kingdom of Whydah, in modern Benin.
Savi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19651834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651834" title="1929 in India">
1929 in India

Events in the year 1929 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19651855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651855" title="Abraham's Valley">
Abraham's Valley

"Abraham's Valley" () is a 1993 Portuguese-language drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira, based on a novel by Agustina Bessa-Luís.
Reception.
It won the Critics Award at the 1993 São Paulo International Film Festival and the Best Artistic Contribution Award at the 1993 Tokyo International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19651867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651867" title="Lisbon Regicide">
Lisbon Regicide

The Lisbon Regicide () was the name given for the assassinations of King Carlos I of Portugal and his heir-apparent, Prince Royal Luís Filipe (Duke of Braganza), by assassins sympathetic to republican interests and aided by elements within the Portuguese Carbonária, disenchanted politicians and anti-monarchists. The events occurred on 1 February 1908 in the Praça do Comércio along the banks of the Tagus River in Lisbon, commonly referred to by its antiquated name: the "Terreiro do Paço" (or "Palace Courtyard").
Motivations.
The action was well thought out and carefully planned. Early on it was portrayed as committed by two anarchists acting alone. Many factors influenced the assassins.
French Jacobinism and ideology.
Some idealistic students, politicians, free-thinkers and dissidents were inspired by the founding of the French Third Republic in 1870 and hoped that a similar regime could be installed in Portugal. The intellectual style was heavily middle-class and urban, and hardly concealed its cultural mimicry of the French Republic. Most of the Republican leadership were from the same generation; many were the best-educated in the country and were heavily influenced by the French positivist Comte and the socialist Proudhon (both were democratic nationalists). The ideology after 1891 was peppered with concepts such as municipal autonomy, political and economic democracy, universal male suffrage, direct elections for legislative assemblies, a national militia instead of a professional army, the secularization of education and separation of church and state (all copied from French revolutionaries).
The writings of Léon Gambetta (a proponent of opportunistic republicanism) and socialist leader Jean Jaurès were read and admired by students at the University of Coimbra.
After the period of monarchist revanchism in France had waned and the daily Sud Express rail service between Lisbon and Paris was established in 1887, the leftist French Jacobin influence grew stronger in Portugal (especially because it counteracted the national humiliation caused by the British ultimatum of 1890). These liberal ideas were encouraged by the French Republic (in 1870) and the Brazilian Republic (in 1889), although the French 1789 Revolution was also considered an inspiration and model.
Their ideology was inclusive and vague enough to attract a variety of supporters, and the manner in which the Republican party developed allowed it to avoid narrow partisan appearances; it was an ideology easily promoted by revolutionary evangelists such as journalist João Chagas, Magalhães Lima, Basílio Teles, Guerra Junqueiro and França Borges.
Ultimatum.
In the second year of the reign of King Carlos I, the Conservative government of Prime Minister Lord Salisbury delivered what is known as the 1890 British Ultimatum: a rejection of the territorial claims defined by the Pink Map of Portuguese Africa. This breach of the Treaty of Windsor forced the King to abandon Portugal's claim to a large area between Angola and Mozambique (encompassing present-day Zambia, Zimbabwe, and Malawi). This humiliation for Portugal led to public outrage, and was seized by nascent republicans and ideological Jacobins as an opportunity to attack the monarchy.
The crisis was not a consequence of the King's actions; rather, it arose from the expansionist policies of the government under Prime Minister José Luciano de Castro. The Minister of the Navy and Overseas Territories, Henrique de Barros Gomes, conspired with German diplomats to expand colonial territory and create "a new Brazil in Africa". This was in conflict with British interests, and Portugal was quickly forced to abandon these designs under threat of diplomatic sanctions and military action. King Carlos attempted to mitigate the losses with diplomacy and leveraging blood relations with both British and German royalty; he was moderately successful, but Portuguese Africa was ultimately limited to territory in Angola and Mozambique. The Portuguese people were outraged by the loss of territory, which they saw as a blow to their pride.
Ultimately, Luciano de Castro's government fell not because of the ultimatum but because of opposition to the new tobacco-monopoly contract; this led to disorder, and he resigned.
Republicanism.
Since its formation, the Republican Party of Portugal had wanted regime change. These republicans banded together after 1897, ostensibly to protest the British ultimatum; their appeals grew on fears of British colonialism, Spanish reoccupation or to challenge the failed policies of the parties in government. Teachers, journalists, small businessmen, clerks, and artisans were drawn to the Republicans, who appealed to nationalism, universal suffrage, separation of church and state and (most notably) the abolition of the monarchy and the privileges of the nobility. As a "party of attraction and assimilation", it included in its membership (and as allies) other groups who were not so "idealistic": secret societies, socialists and anarchist-syndicalists (who supported republicanism as a means of achieving change and ending the monarchy). A significant number of Republicans were Masons; some were members of the Portuguese Carbonária, a hard-core activist group which became "a state within the state".
By 1907 there was a strong (and growing) republican presence in the cities of Lisbon and Porto, where the Portuguese Republican Party had already won local elections and intended to promote a republican government at the national level. In 1906 elections the party only received 2.7 percent of the vote, equivalent to four seats in the National Assembly. All were in Lisbon (where their supporters were concentrated), although their leader Bernardino Machado declared "we are the majority" to The Times in Paris.
Rotatavism.
Problems within the political system had arisen during the Portuguese Regeneration Era as a consequence of an inefficient system of rotating governments (which saw the Progressive Party and Regenerator Party alternating in government). The British ambassador to Portugal at the time, Francis Hyde Villiers, explained the confusion and inefficiency of the "Cortes" (Parliament):
The transfer of government was an undemocratic process decided between the leaders, rubber-stamped by the monarch and legalized in rigged elections. Other sectors of the nation were also corrupted by serious economic and social issues: the judiciary was corrupt, illiteracy was between 70 and 80 percent and the nation's finances were crippled by high taxation, monopolies on tobacco and other commodities, numerous sinecures and high customs duties on imported goods.
This system was aggravated at the beginning of the 20th century by new groups which formed from dissident political factions within the two main parties. In 1901 João Franco, supported by 25 deputies, abandoned the Regenerator Party to form the Liberal Regenerator Party with a radical programme of social and economic policies within the framework of the constitutional monarchy. In 1905 the "Dissidência Progressista" (Progressive Dissidence) was formed by José Maria de Alpoim, who also split from the Progressive Party with six other deputies. The intense rivalry between the new parties, aggravated by personal animosities, was regularly critiqued by members of the nascent Republican Party. Despite King Carlos's intent to execute meaningful reform, the efforts were largely undermined by monarchist inefficiency, incompetence, factionalism and Republican propaganda.
Prelude.
When King Carlos decided to become politically active, it had become difficult to form a non-coalition cabinet which could win a majority in Parliament. In May 1906 he appointed João Franco premier with a plan to combat the issues of the day, but the opposition was confrontational and progressively less manageable.
Franco tried to govern in a coalition with José Luciano de Castro but it, too, became unmanageable. Franco asked the king to dissolve the parliament to implement a series of political changes which included censoring the press, jailing reactionaries and establishing reforms to decentralize the government (a program stolen for the most part from the right wing and the republicans). These measures had been advocated by the mainstream parties but the monarch had refused to actively participate, stating that "the king reigns, but does not govern". Ostensibly, João Franco would govern by parliamentary dictatorship until order could be restored. This was the simplest method of government during a crisis and was first used in 1833, when the major parties at the time could not agree on a government. The king had given Franco the means of governing without them; elections would only be held when he and Franco thought it opportune, probably when “normality” had been restored.
However, this measure further increased political tension; the two major monarchist parties, Partido Regenerador and Partido Progressista (who were accustomed to sharing power in an informal rotation), were infuriated. In reaction to King Carlos' action (which favored Franco's faction), they joined forces with the Partido Republicano Português to resist Franco and his cohorts. The political strategy was "Machiavellian", as Brito Camacho (leader of the Partido Unionista) later attested. There were personal attacks on João Franco and the monarch from pro-republican sympathizers, progressive dissidents and academics. At one point, Afonso Costa (a leader in the Republican Party) criticized the government for permitting unauthorized transfers for expenses within the royal household without the Cortes' sanction. Declaring that the sums should be repaid, he then insisted that the King should leave the country or be imprisoned:
As the session became increasingly confrontational another republican mounted a desk, declaring:
Teofilo Braga (future President of the Provisional Government and Second President of the First Portuguese Republic) was forcibly removed for calling the King "a highwayman in mantle and crown". Costa and Braga were suspended for 30 days. Agitation and conflict continued in Lisbon, instigated in many cases by republican youth and their supporters; there were many arrests and the discovery of stockpiles of arms and bombs. These developments created an increasingly volatile situation. Franco then prohibited all public meetings, imposed stricter controls on press freedom and began to take judicial action against “all cases of offenses against the state”. The king became further embroiled in events when he replaced the elected municipal councils by nominated committees and gave himself the power to nominate an unlimited number of life peers to the upper house.
The republicans held him responsible for many of the problems in the country. Republican journalist João Chagas declared,
"King governed against all the Parties and men that served him..."
The king was becoming increasingly vulnerable. By then, members of the Republican Party had already decided to support direct (and indirect) dissident groups such as the Carbonária (organized by elements of Portuguese Freemasonry) to force regime change. On 28 January 1908, several republican leaders were imprisoned in an affair which became known as the "Golpe do Elevador da Biblioteca" (the Municipal Library Elevator Coup). Police found republican Afonso Costa and Francisco Correia Herédia (viscount of Ribeira Brava), both armed, at the Municipal Library elevator with others who had gathered to attempt a coup d'état. They were members of a faction known as the "Grupo dos Dezoite" (Group of 18), who were responsible for executing João Franco. António José de Almeida, Carbonária leader Luz de Almeida, journalist João Chagas, João Pinto dos Santos, França Borges and Álvaro Poppe were imprisoned with other conspirators. José Maria de Alpoim escaped to Spain. During the events 93 republican sympathizers were detained and their arms confiscated, but the party was only partially dismantled.
In response to these events (in which the monarch faced reactionary elements opposed to policies he believed were fair), his government presented King Carlos with the 30 January 1908 Decree. This law demanded deportation or colonial expulsion, without trial, to individuals convicted of attempting to subvert the public order. At the signing of the document the King declared, "I sign my sentence of death, but you gentlemen want it that way". Ironically, although the decree was signed on 30 January it was not made public before the 1 February assassination. Preparations for the King's assassination were made in advance, according to evidence obtained at the home of assassin Manuel Buíça on 28 January. At the end of 1907, during a conference at Café Brébant on Boulevard Poissonière in Paris, a group of Portuguese politicians and French revolutionaries had already planned the liquidation of the head of government. On the morning of 1 February in the Quinta do Ché (in the parish of Santa Maria dos Olivais) and the days preceding it, the conspirators confirmed their decision to proceed with the attempt.
Assassinations.
The King, Queen and Prince Royal had been on a month-long retreat at the Vila Viçosa in the Alentejo, where they routinely spent time hunting during the winter. The Infante D. Manuel, the youngest son, had returned to Lisbon days earlier to complete his studies. The previous political events had forced King Carlos to cut his retreat short and to return to Lisbon, the royal family catching the train from Vila Viçosa on the morning of 1 February. During their trip the train derailed at the loop near Casa Branca, resulting in an hour's delay. The royal carriage arrived in Barreiro at the end of the afternoon, and the royal family sailed on the "D. Luís" to the Terreiro do Paço in the center of Lisbon. On disembarking at the "Estação Fluvial Sul e Sueste" at about five PM, they were met by members of the government including Prime Minister João Franco, Prince D. Manuel and the King's brother Afonso, Duke of Oporto. Even in a climate of tension the monarch opted to travel in an open carriage, wearing his service uniform as Generalíssimo of the Army to present an air of normality. The two princes wore civilian clothes. According to usual practice the carriage was accompanied by armed police and a mounted cavalry officer, Francisco Figueira Freire.
There were only a few people in the Terreiro do Paço as the carriage rounded the eastern part of the square and the first shot rang out. As reported later, a bearded man had walked out into the road after the carriage had passed; he removed a Winchester carbine rifle hidden under his overcoat, knelt on one knee and fired at the King from a distance of about . The shot struck the king's neck, killing him instantly; another gunman in the square opened fire at the carriage while onlookers ran in panic. The first assassin, later identified as Manuel Buíça (a teacher and former sergeant dismissed from the army), continued to fire. His second shot clipped the shoulder of the monarch, who slumped to the right with his back lying to the left side of the carriage. Taking advantage of this, the second assassin (Alfredo Costa, a clerk and editor), jumped onto the carriage step and fired at the slumped body of the King from passenger height. The queen then stood and attempted to strike back at him with the only available weapon (a bouquet of flowers), shouting, ""Infames! Infames!"" ("Infamous! Infamous!").
The assassins then turned their attention to the Prince Royal, Luís Filipe, who had stood to draw and fire a hidden revolver but was hit in the chest. The bullet (from a small-caliber revolver) did not exit his sternum nor was it fatal; the prince reportedly fired four quick shots at his attacker, who fell from the carriage step. However, when Luís Filipe stood up he became more visible to the attacker with the rifle; the prince was struck by a large-caliber shot which exited from the top of his skull. The young Prince D. Manuel, protected by his mother during the events, tried to stop the bleeding with a handkerchief but it was quickly soaked with his brother's blood.
As shots continued across the square, Queen Amélia returned to her feet to call for assistance. The Countess Figueiró, Viscount Asseca and Marquis Lavradio jumped onto the carriage to support the Prince Royal. Prince Manuel was hit in the arm, and the coachman was hit in the hand. The assassin Buíça then attempted to fire another round, although it is unclear at whom he was aiming. He was stopped by the intervention of Henrique da Silva Valente, a soldier from the 12th Infantry who had appeared in the square during the commotion. During his brief confrontation with Buíça Silva Valente was shot in the leg, but was able to distract the assassin. The cavalry officer (Francisco Figueira) remounted his horse and fired at Costa, who was then seized by police officers. Buíça, wounded in the leg, attempted to escape but was also captured.
Aftermath.
During the ensuing confusion Alfredo Costa and Manuel Buíça were killed by police, to the detriment of any further investigation. Although wounded, Buica had reportedly continued to struggle. Their bodies were taken to the nearby police station near the city hall, along with other suspects. Sabino Costa, a monarchist worker at a local jewellery store, was mistaken for a third assassin in the crowd and shot twice in the head in the presence of other prisoners.
Coachman Bento Caparica was able to direct the carriage to the "Arsenal das Marinhas" (Royal Naval Arsenal) where the King and heir to the throne were officially declared dead in the infirmary; the prince died shortly after his arrival. When D. Afonso finally reached the arsenal, he accused João Franco of responsibility for the tragedy. The Queen Mother, Maria Pia of Savoy was called to the Arsenal. She met with Queen Amélia and desolately cried in French ""On a tué mon fils!"" ("They have killed my son"), to which Queen Amélia replied ""Et le mien aussi!"" ("And mine too").
Believing that the events were part of another "coup d'état", the population of Lisbon locked themselves in their homes and the streets were deserted. However, the troops were confined to barracks and the situation remained calm.
That evening the Queen Mother, the Dowager Queen Mother and new King (Manuel II of Portugal) remained under guard in the Palácio das Necessidades in fear of a further attempt on their lives. In a macabre followup, the bodies of the deceased were transported to the Palace in two carriages as if still alive; the head of King Carlos was slumped on the shoulder of his brother Infante D. Afonso, now the new Prince Royal. No autopsies were performed, and the bodies were embalmed under the supervision of royal physician Thomaz de Mello Breyner, a task made more difficult by the nature of their injuries.
Reaction.
The states and kingdoms of Europe were revolted, due to King Carlos' popularity and the manner in which the assassination was planned. Newspapers around the world published pictures (some based on false descriptions and exaggerations) with the defiant Queen Amélia wielding a bouquet of flowers. In London, the newspapers exhibited photographs of the coffins covered in flowers with the headline, "Lisbon’s shame!" The British king Edward VII (a friend of the assassinated king and heir) said, "They murdered two gentlemen of the Order of the Garter in the street like dogs and in their own country no one cares"!
The "Illustrated London News" published a number of photographs of the funeral procession and accompanying ceremonies, commenting on the apparent indifference of crowds lining the streets.
The new monarch requested the resignation of João Franco's government for not safeguarding the royal family (which allowed the "elevator conspiracy" and its unpopular policies. Although the prime minister realized his policies had made him a target, he was never aware that the monarch was also targeted by dissidents. Presiding over the Council of State on the afternoon of 2 January, with his hand on his chest and wearing his military uniform, the young monarch confessed his inexperience and lack of preparation in requesting aid from his loyal ministers.
The young king demanded the resignation of João Franco and the formation of coalition government (later known as the Acclamation Government), presided over by the independent Ferreira do Amaral. The new prime minister included in his cabinet members of the Regenerator and Progressive Parties, formally ending the administrative dictatorship and reverting parliament to normality. Ferreira do Amaral abandoned the positions of the former king; he annulled dictatorial measures, liberated political prisoners, provided amnesty for marines involved in the 1906 revolt and consenting to republican demands. These included permissions for pilgrimages to the tombs of the assassins (which at one point numbered approximately 22,000 people), an event organized by the "Associação do Registo Civil" (Association of the Civil Registry).
The king was present at the council ministers' meeting which enacted these measures, and which appointed the Marquês de Soveral ambassador to Britain. Close to the royal family, the marquês also voted for the resignation of João Franco's government. Resuming his functions in Britain, however, he saw Edward VII in London and said, "Well, what kind of country is that, in which you kill the King and Prince, and the first thing to do, is ask for the resignation of the Prime Minister? The revolution has triumphed, isn't it true"? Later the Marquês noted, "It was then that I understood the error that we had committed".
Ironically, at his resignation João Franco told the republicans that they alone were responsible for the collapse of the administrative dictatorship. Initially hesitant, the republicans proposed a pact between them and the regime; later, at their national congress in Setúbal (24–25 April 1909) they decided to forcibly seize power. The initial hesitation was due to the party's structure; the Republican Party was a collection of disenfranchised interests, political movements and dissident groups. Some Republicans were sincerely shocked by the regicide, even if it meant regime change. Rural conservatives were afraid of the effects of such actions on their British allies. However, the Republican Party could not turn its back on its supporters: the youth of Lisbon, already indoctrinated by the party's propaganda. Consequently, although the Party dutifully condemned the act publicly its leadership supported its base. Magalhães Lima would later declare to the press in Paris, "I am pleased; yes, very well pleased, for my country, to which a little calm will be restored" (repudiating any responsibility for the assassinations on the Republican Party).
Investigation.
An extensive two-year enquiry was held on the events in 1908, initially presided over by judge Alves Ferreira and later by José da Silva Monteiro and Almeida de Azevedo. During this period, evidence was provided to indict members of the Carbonária who were intent on weakening the monarchy. The investigation was concluded on 5 October, and the trial was scheduled to begin on 25 October. In the meantime, new suspects were discovered: Alberto Costa, Aquilino Ribeiro, Virgílio de Sá, Domingos Fernandes and others who were in refuge in Brazil or France; two were killed by the Carbonária to silence them.
The process was in vain; after the proclamation of the Portuguese Republic, judges Juiz Almeida and Azevedo delivered their report to José Barbosa (their superior). He in turn sent it to Afonso Costa (Minister of Justice for the Provisional Government), by whom it was lost. It is known that the exiled King Manuel II received a copy of the report from the judges, but these were stolen from his residence during a robbery shortly before his death in 1932.
Conspirators and revolutionaries.
Authors of the period (many Republican) shone light on the responsible actors and their motivations, although many details remain unclear. Raul Brandão talked to people associated with the events, and extracted a confession from dissident leader José Maria de Alpoim:
António da Albuquerque (who was exiled to Spain by the royal family following the publication of his defamatory novel "O Marquês da Bacalhoa") recounted the testimony of Fabrício de Lemos (one of the other assassins present in the Terreiro do Paço), which he recounted in his book "A Execução do Rei Carlos" ("The Execution of King Carlos"). Aquilino Ribeiro (who did not participate directly but was involved, knew the plan and the assassins) also wrote of the events in "Um escritor confessa-se" ("A Writer Confesses"). José Maria Nunes, one of the assassins in the Terreiro do Paço, also left a description of the events (often autobiographical and self-aggrandizing, but generally credible) in "E para quê?"
Of these four analyses, only Aquilino referred to the possible kidnapping of the royal family and the planned assassination of Prime Minister João Franco. The plan was presumed to have developed at the end of 1907. José Maria de Alpoim cultivated alliances within the Carbonária and planned to acquire arms and assassinate the Prime Minister and (later) the king. These plans (as described by José Maria Nunes) were drawn up at the Hotel Brébant on Boulevard Poissóniere in Paris between two politicians and several French revolutionaries. Maria Nunes did not divulge the politicians' identity, but the French revolutionaries probably belonged to the international anarchist movement (the Portuguese ambassador in Paris had heard of plans to assassinate the royal family from anarchists living in France).
The Portuguese dissidents were the principal financiers, and the Carbonária provided the men. It was also discovered that the weapons used in the assassinations were obtained by Gonçalo Heitor Freire (a republican and Freemason) through the Viscount of Ribeira Brava, one of the main conspirators. The arms used in the Library Elevator Coup plot, originally guarded in the Armazéns Leal, were transported to the viscount's home and hidden. After the plot failed, a group of 18 men met in a mansion in Xabregas on 30 or 31 December, where they plotted to assassinate the royal family. Eight of the eighteen men have been identified; they constituted the first group in the Terreiro do Paço: Alfredo Costa, Manuel Buíça, José Maria Nunes, Fabrício de Lemos, Ximenes, Joaquim Monteiro, Adelino Marques and Domingos Ribeiro. The second group took up positions in Santos; a third group waited in Alcântara, covering the road up to the Palácio das Necessidades. The attackers did not believe they would survive the attempt: Manuel Buíça had a will drawn up, and Alfredo Costa paid a debt to a friend. However, the majority of the first group escaped into the crowd and the other groups never intervened in the assassinations.
The plan to kill the king was a major part of the revolt. However, a strange story was later told concerning the derailment of the royal carriage on the return to Lisbon. On the day of the plot, shortly after 4:00 pm and from the capital in Pìnzio (near Guarda), two servants of José Maria de Alpoim returning to the capital after sending their master into exile in Salamanca ran out of gas and were forced to stop in the village. In a local tavern, witnessed by several people, the servants affirmed that at that time there was no king in Portugal because he was dead. Since the plot occurred around 5:00 pm, it is unknown how the servants became aware of the events. Their timing would have been correct had the train not derailed earlier in the day. The questions of what level of planning the plot had attained and how involved was dissident José Maria de Alpoim continued to persist; although the two assassins (Buíça and Costa) were blamed for the attacks, the remaining plotters were never forgotten. After the October 5 Revolution, José Maria de Alpoim and the former viscount of Ribeira Brava were unable to participate in the hierarchy of the new regime; Apoim never advanced beyond adjunct to the attorney general, and the former viscount did not survive his term as civil governor of Lisbon (he was a victim of an October 1918 revolt).
Consequences.
The assassination of King Carlos and the Prince Royal was the effective end of a constitutional monarchy in Portugal (later confirmed by the 5 October 1910 revolution). The regime functioned for another 33 months with growing agitation and demands for reform (although considerably less than in the future First Republic). It cannot be denied that the weak and permissive attitude in the Government of Acclamation was an incentive for the Republican Party to attempt another coup. The assassinations did not change the system of government; instead, they delayed the change.
The assassinations remain controversial in Portugal. In 2008, the socialist government of the Portuguese Third Republic refused to participate in ceremonies commemorating the slain royals for the centenary of the regicide, forbidding participation by military personnel or government officials. The head of the House of Braganza, Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza, led the ceremonies by placing flowers on the site where the royals were assassinated and celebrating a mass in their memory at the Church of São Vicente de Fora (where they are buried). During the centenary year many artistic, cultural, and historic events took place in honor of King Carlos I and the royal family, and several books on the subject were published.

</doc>
<doc id="19651871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651871" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre freestyle

The women's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1912. The competition was held on Friday August 10, 1928 and on Saturday August 11, 1928.
Twenty-four swimmers from eleven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the first semi-final Albina Osipowich equalized the standing Olympic record with 1:12.2 minutes. In the second semi-final Eleanor Garatti improved the record with a time of 1:11.4 minutes. But in the final Albina Osipowich again bettered the Olympic record to 1:11.0 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
The fastest three in each semi-final advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Saturday August 11, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19651909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651909" title="Jeanne Darville">
Jeanne Darville

Jeanne Darville (18 August 1923 – 9 May 1995) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 30 films between 1939 and 1978.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark. She was in the film series "min søsters børn", playing the mother of her real life daughter, Pusle Helmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="19651913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651913" title="Nascent state">
Nascent state

The nascent state ("Statu Nascenti") is defined as a psychological process of destructuration-reorganization where the individual becomes capable of merging with other persons and creating a new collectivity with a very high degree of solidarity. This concept was first defined by Francesco Alberoni, a prominent Italian sociologist, journalist, and professor in Sociology, in his book "Statu Nascenti". However, the concept is referred to in much of his work. In his book "Falling in Love and Loving", Alberoni defends that there are similarities to be found between massive collective movements and love relationships:
Up till now, sociologists, psychologists, and philosophers have displayed a sort of repugnance or embarrassment in admitting that there is something in common—or better, something identical—to be found both in great historical processes like Islam, the French Revolution, or the Russian Revolution and in such personal, banal phenomena as the experience of falling in love. [...]
In an analogous way, the falling-in-love process is the simplest form of a collective movement. [...]
The definition given of the falling-in-love process (i.e. the nascent state of a collective movement made up of two people) offers us a theoretical slot in which to position this mysterious phenomenon of collective movements. Not only, but the same definition provides us with an extraordinary tool for investigating the nature of all such movements.
Therefore, falling in love is seen as the nascent state of a collective movement formed of two people only. According to Francesco Alberoni, the phenomenology of falling in love is the same for young people and adults, for men and women and for homosexuals and heterosexuals. This is because the structure of the nascent state is always the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19651915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651915" title="Fässberg Parish">
Fässberg Parish

Fässberg Parish is a parish in the Diocese of Gothenburg in Sweden. It covers most of the town of Mölndal.

</doc>
<doc id="19651920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651920" title="Billy Jonas">
Billy Jonas

Billy Jonas of Asheville, North Carolina is a singer-songwriter, percussionist and multi-instrumentalist who works as both a general audience performer and family entertainer. As a founding member of the folk music duo, "The Billys," and current leader of the Billy Jonas Band, Jonas has made use of recyclable items as instruments. His show focuses on enlightening audiences to each person’s inherent musical ability, and the musical potential of common “found objects.” Billy Jonas' 7 albums, PBS special and 2 decades of live concerts have generated a following throughout North America.
Awards & Achievements.
His CD, "What Kind of Cat are You?!," received a First Place/Gold from the American Federation of Independent Musicians and a Parents' Choice Gold Award. Jonas' videos have garnered multiple accolades, including Parents' Choice Awards and a New York Times "Best for Kids" listing. In 2010 Billy Jonas and the Billy Jonas Band were invited to perform at the White House.
History.
Previously a member of the duo "The Billys," he has been featured at festivals and venues nationwide. Jonas has shared stages with Patti Larkin, Ani DiFranco, David Wilcox, Richard Thompson, and Pete Seeger.
Workshops.
Billy has developed a number of workshops. Each focuses on a component of his music. These include “foraged, found, and homemade instruments”, “songwriting”, “performance and presence”, “Neo-tribal hootenanny 101”, “teacher training”, and more.
Discography.
For Family Audiences:
• "Happy Accidents" (2009)
• "What Kind of Cat Are You?!" (2002)
For Adult/General Audiences:
• "Get Real" (2004)
• "Billy Jonas Live" (2002)
• "Life So Far" (2000)
• "The Time Has Come" (as The Billys) (1993)
• "The Billys" (as The Billys) (1991)
DVD/VHS.
• "Everybody's in the Band" DVD/VHS (2004)
• "Bangin' and Sangin DVD/VHS (2000)

</doc>
<doc id="19651921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651921" title="Bratton">
Bratton

__NOTOC__
Bratton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19651930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651930" title="Panucci">
Panucci

Panucci may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19651945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651945" title="Miguel Bustamonte">
Miguel Bustamonte

Miguel Bustamonte is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by Azteca Productions. Created by Richard Dominguez, the character made his first appearance in "El Gato Negro" #1 (October 1993). He was the first supporting character to be introduced El Gato Negro mythos and has been a recurring character since then.
Fictional character history.
In his first appearance, Miguel is already the police captain of the Texas Rangers division located in McAllen, Texas. His brother, Mario Bustamonte, had grown up as a childhood friend of Francisco Guerrero. Through his brother, Miguel had formed a lasting friendship with young Francisco as well. Years later, both brother's pursued a career in law enforcement, with Mario becoming a border patrolman. One night out on patrol, Mario was overpowered and murdered by illegal drug-smugglers. Devastated, Miguel vowed to bring his brother's killers to justice, while Francisco, in secret, vowed to do the same as El Gato Negro.
During the first few months of El Gato Negro's activity, Miguel believes the vigilante to be in league with the drug-smugglers. He even goes so far to theorize that El Gato Negro may have been involved in his brother's death. Driven by this possibility, Miguel pursued El Gato Negro with an almost vengeful desire. El Gato Negro later earned his respect after capturing the villain El Graduado and saving his life, but he continues to hunt the hero regardless, believing his actions to be dangerous.
In the ""Legacy"" storyline from "El Gato Negro: Nocturnal Warrior" (#1-3), Miguel revealed his mistrust of El Gato Negro also stems from his belief that if anyone were more deserving to fulfill the legend of El Gato Negro, it would be Mario. His hunt for El Gato Negro is fueled by not wanting his brother's dream sullied by some crazed vigilante.
In other media.
Film adaptation.
Richard Dominguez is currently in talks for a possible live-action film adaptation of El Gato Negro which may feature Miguel as a major supporting character.

</doc>
<doc id="19651958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651958" title="Hatti Archer">
Hatti Archer

Harriet ("Hatti") Archer "(née Dean)" (born 2 February 1982 in Oxford, England) is a British long-distance runner. She was educated at the School of St Helen and St Katharine in Abingdon, Oxfordshire.
Dean set three National records in the 3000m Steeplechase in 2007, most notably at a rain soaked event at Don Valley Stadium in July of that year. She represented her country in the World Cross Country Championships in Fukuoka in 2006 and in Mombasa in 2007 where she was 15th and the top British finisher. She earned selection for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing but was unable to compete due to a stress fracture to her ankle but in July 2010 Dean ran in the 3000m Steeplechase at the 2010 European Athletics Championships in Barcelona where she took over 8 seconds off her personal best time, finishing 4th in the final. 
In 2010 Hatti finished 7th and top British finisher in the European Cross-Country Championships in Albufeira, Portugal and came 21st in the 2011 World Cross-Country Championships in Punta Umbria, Spain.
Achievements.
Personal Bests.
Note: The 2006 UK Championships and AAAs of England Championships were incorporated into one event.
Note: In the European Cross Country Championships listed above, Archer has won four team medals, three silver (07,08,10) and one gold (2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19651999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19651999" title="1920 in India">
1920 in India

Events in the year 1920 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652010" title="Gaetano Savi">
Gaetano Savi

Gaetano Savi (13 June 1769 – 28 April 1844) was an Italian naturalist.
He was born in Florence and studied with Giorgio Santi (1746–1822) and Adolfo Targioni Tozzetti (1823–1902). In 1798 he published "Flora Pisana" (flora of Pisa); in 1801 the first edition of "Trattato degli alberi della Toscana" (treatise on the trees of Tuscany); in 1808 "Botanicon Etruscum" (botany of Etruria); and in 1818 "Flora Italiana" (flora of Italy). He taught physics and botany at the University of Pisa and directed the botanical garden there from 1814. In 1816, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
His son was the geologist and ornithologist Paolo Savi (1798–1871).

</doc>
<doc id="19652020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652020" title="Rani Karnavati">
Rani Karnavati

Rani Karnavati (died March 8, 1535), was a princess and temporary ruler from Bundi, India. She was married to Rana Sangram Singh (Rana Sanga) of Chittorgarh, the capital of Mewar Kingdom. She was the mother of the next two Ranas, Rana Vikramaditya and Rana Uday Singh, and grandmother of the legendary Rana Pratap.
Biography.
After Babur had captured the throne of Delhi in 1526 AD, Rana Sangram Singh or Rana Sanga of Mewar lead a confederation of Rajput Kings against Babur to capture the throne of Delhi. But in The Battle of Khanua in 1527, the combined Hindu forces were defeated, and Rana Sanga died shortly afterwards from his wounds. 
Rani Karnavati took up the regency in the name of her elder son Vikramjeet, a weak ruler. In the meantime, Mewar was attacked for the second time by Bahadur Shah of Gujarat, at whose hands Vikramjeet had earlier received an defeat. It was a matter of great concern for Rani.
The antagonized nobles were not ready to fight for Vikramjeet and the imminent battle was sure to be another blot in the history of Sisodias. Rani Karnavati wrote to the nobles to come forward for the sake of the honour of the Sisodias, and was able to persuade the nobles to fight for Mewar, if not for Vikramjeet. Their sole condition was that Vikramjeet and Uday Singh should go to Bundi during the war for their personal safety. Rani also sent a Rakhi to Mughal Emperor Humayun, calling him a brother and asking for help. Thus her name became irrevocably linked to the festival of Raksha Bandhan.
Rani Karnavati agreed to send her sons to Bundi and told her trusted maid Panna to accompany them and take good care of them. Panna was reluctant, but surrendered to the wishes of the queen, when she assured her that with the renewed support of the nobles and the expected help from Humayun, all would be well. However, tidings from Chittor were not good and the Sisodias had fought valiantly, but they were outnumbered and the war was lost. Humayun did not reach Chittor in time. Bahadur Shah entered Chittorgarh and ransacked it for the second time. Realising that defeat was imminent, Karnavati and the other noble ladies of the court immolated themselves in a mass suicide by fire, while all the men donned saffron clothes and went out to fight to the death. Humayun did defeat Bahadur Shah and reinstated Karnavati's son Vikramaditya Singh as the ruler of Mewar after the mass suicide.
Rani Karnavati of Garhwal.
There is also a mention of Rani Karnavati of Garhwal Kingdom, who was the wife of Mahipat Shah who ascended to throne in 1622, though died young in 1631, after his death his Rani Karnavati, ruled the kingdom of the behalf of her young son, Prithvi Pat Shah. She even fought with the Mughals in 1640 AD, and defeated their troops, over time she earned the nickname 'Nakti Rani' (Nak-Kati-Rani) as she had the habit of cutting the noses of the invaders. Monuments erected by her still exist in Dehradun district at Nawada, she is also credited with the construction of the Rajpur Canal, the earliest of all the Dun canals, which starts from the Rispana river and brings its waters till the city of Dehradun.

</doc>
<doc id="19652043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652043" title="Primate Dixon Primary School">
Primate Dixon Primary School

Primate Dixon Primary School is a Catholic school in Coalisland, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. The school was founded through the work of Father Peter Quinn and the original buildings first opened on April 23, 1913 with an enrollment of 324 students. The current headmaster is Sean Dillon. A notable alumna was County Tyrone singer Eileen Donaghy. The original Primate Dixon Primary School which was constructed in 1913 was demolished in 1995 to make way for a state of the art new school building, with the principal from 1995 to 2004 being Jim Donaghy and from 2004 to the present day being Sean Dillon, with Vice Principals Siobhan Murphy and Martin Daly. The New Primate Dixon is situated close to Saint Josephs College and encompasses a large courtyard, playing yard and a large Gaelic football pitch; also there are bus turning areas situated around the front of the school. The school caters for over 500 students from all races and backgrounds e.g. Irish Travellers, Lithuanians, Polish, Portuguese etc., it caters for ages 3 to 11 with apaproximately 20 teachers plus auxiliary staff.

</doc>
<doc id="19652049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652049" title="Susan Walker Fitzgerald">
Susan Walker Fitzgerald

Susan Grimes Walker (May 9, 1871 – January 20, 1943) is best known for her long commitment to the struggle for women's suffrage and her involvement in progressive political organizations.
Biography.
She was born on May 9, 1871 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to Rear Admiral John G. Walker, USN and Rebecca White Pickering. Her father, a Boston banker, was a Civil War veteran. Her mother was from the prominent Pickering family of Salem, Massachusetts. Following the advice and encouragement of her cousin Alice Gould who graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 1889, she enrolled at Bryn Mawr and graduated with a degree in political science and history in 1893. During her time at Bryn Mawr, she founded the Student Government Association and served as her class president. Following her graduation, she worked as secretary to M. Carey Thomas - from 1893 to 1894 when Thomas was dean, and from 1894 to 1895 after Thomas became Bryn Mawr's president.
Subsequently, Susan began working as the administrative head of Barnard College's first dormitory, Fiske Hall, in 1898. She was engaged to Richard Y. FitzGerald in July 1900 and the couple married on August 3, 1901. She took the name Susan Walker FitzGerald. Because men were not allowed into the dormitory, she changed jobs and served as head worker at the Richmond Hill Settlement House in New York City from 1901 to 1904. She was a prominent member of the first New York Child Labor Committee and was involved in establishing important child labor laws and in working for a compulsory education law. Richard Y. FitzGerald was an attorney who graduated from the University of California in 1895 and Harvard Law School in 1898 and practiced primarily in New York and Boston. He was the son of Nancy Rose McCoy and Adolphus Leigh Fitzgerald, elected to the Supreme Court of Nevada in November 1900. Richard's family owned silver mines and a water works plant in Eureka, Nevada as well as a large ranch named Clear Creek in Redding, California.
They had four children: Anne (born 1902), Rebecca Pickering (1906), Susan (1908), and Richard Leigh (1914). All three of the daughters attended Bryn Mawr. Anne received her A.B. degree in 1924, Rebecca in 1926, and Susan in 1929. Richard attended Princeton University. Anne went on to earn a Master's degree from Radcliffe College, Rebecca earned the Ph.D. from the University of Vienna, and Susan earned an M.A. from Middlebury College.
Richard and Susan lived at the Clear Creek ranch from 1904 to 1906. They were separated for two months when their infant daughter, Rebecca, required care in San Francisco for a serious feeding problem. Richard remained on the ranch with their older daughter during this period. Susan and Rebecca returned to the ranch four days prior to the famous San Francisco earthquake.
Richard fell seriously ill with typhoid fever in 1906 and the entire family returned east by train. They settled initially at her parents' home in Washington, D.C. so that Richard could recuperate. After some serious debate Richard finally agreed to stay on the east coast. Early in 1907 Susan negotiated a paying job supervising Pauline Shaw's social work in Boston to tide them over while Richard established a new legal career. They moved to Hyde Park later in 1907, then to Jamaica Plain, Boston in 1911. Susan was active in the suffrage movement and politics, but continued her salaried work until 1913 when Richard became General Counsel of the pioneering New England Power System Companies.
She served as Executive Secretary of the Boson Equal Suffrage Association for Good Government in 1907 and the Massachusetts Woman's Suffrage Association in 1911. In addition, she served as the recording secretary for the large and influential National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA) from 1911–1915. She was respected as a public speaker and participated in numerous state suffrage campaigns. In 1911–1912 she ran unsuccessfully for a school board seat in Boston. In 1920 Susan served as the National Committeewoman of the Women's Division of the Democratic State Committee in Massachusetts. She was elected in 1922 as the first female Democrat to enter the Massachusetts House of Representatives; Sylvia Donaldson was elected the same year as the first female Republican. Susan served for one term from 1923 to 1925.
She died in 1943.
Archive.
A large collection of archival material relating to her life is housed at the Bryn Mawr College Library.

</doc>
<doc id="19652052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652052" title="Dronten railway station">
Dronten railway station

Dronten is a railway station, on the Hanzelijn from Lelystad to Zwolle. The station is located in the north of the town of Dronten.
The station opened on 9 December 2012, with there being 2 platforms and 4 tracks, for passing Intercities from The Hague and Schiphol to Groningen and Leeuwarden. The station is located on a viaduct station at 7 m above street level.
Train services.
The following service(s) call at this station:

</doc>
<doc id="19652066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652066" title="German submarine U-104">
German submarine U-104

U-104 may refer to one of the following German submarines:

</doc>
<doc id="19652070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652070" title="Knud Hallest">
Knud Hallest

Knud Hallest (12 May 1909 – 4 September 1991) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 38 films between 1935 and 1974.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652093" title="Razak Report">
Razak Report

The Razak Report is a Malayan educational proposal written in the 1956. Named after the then Education Minister, Tun Abdul Razak, its goal was to reform the education system in Malaya. The report was incorporated into the Section 3 of the Education Ordinance of 1957 and served the basis of the educational framework for independent Malaya and eventually Malaysia.
The Razak Report is a compromise between the Barnes Report (favoured by the Malays) and the Fenn-Wu Report (favoured by the Chinese and Indians). The Barnes Report was formerly passed into law as the Education Ordinance of 1952. While the Razak Report forwards the Malay language as the main medium of instruction, it allows the retention of other language medium schools. 
The Report provides for Malay, English, Chinese and Tamil schools at the primary school level, and Malay and English schools at the secondary school level. Malay-medium schools are referred to as "national" schools while other schools are referred to as "national-type" schools. All schools are government-funded and use a common national curriculum regardless of school type.
Other provisions include:
Rahman Talib Report.
In 1960, the Rahman Talib Report was introduced and incorporated in the Education Act 1961. Among others, it called for:

</doc>
<doc id="19652097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652097" title="Hiroshi Abe (war criminal)">
Hiroshi Abe (war criminal)

Hiroshi Abe (born ca. 1922) is a former Japanese soldier. As a first lieutenant in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II, he supervised construction of the Burma Railway at Songkrai. Over three thousand British Commonwealth prisoners of war died under his supervision. 
Abe was sentenced to death as a B/C class war criminal and imprisoned in Changi Prison. In 1948, his sentence was commuted to 15 years. He was released in 1957. 
"The construction of the railway was in itself a war crime. For my part in it, I am a war criminal."
In 1995, Abe testified against the Japanese government in a lawsuit seeking compensation for Koreans in Japan during World War II. "This was probably the first time for a former Japanese officer to testify in court in the trial of war compensation issues."

</doc>
<doc id="19652121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652121" title="Adab School">
Adab School

The Adab Educational Complex ( موقوفه ی فرهنگی ادب) is a private school in the Lavizan neighborhood of Tehran, Iran. 
History.
The Adab school was founded in 1982 by G.R. Tanhaa, Moghaddasin, H. Rabbani Shirdel and Mortazavi. In 2009 a team of new teachers and presidents (from Soroush High School) entered.
Campus.
The campus of Adab is located on Lavizan (called Louisiana by many of the students), on the east side of Tehran, Iran. The campus consists of three main buildings:
School building.
The school building of Adab is the oldest and largest building of the campus. It is located on the south of the campus and is divided into three sub-buildings. The sub-buildings are:
All of the sub-buildings have three floors above-ground and one shared basement. The basement is used as a cafeteria by all the schools of Adab. Each sub-building has its own gate, and there is one shared gate leading to either a hallway with access to all buildings or the parking lot of Adab (placed under ground).
The playground.
The playground is an asphalt-covered ground with a roof yet open-air. It is mainly used by the pre-school and elementary school students of Adab. It is placed on the northeast corner of the campus.
Extracurricular-dedicated.
The extracurricular-dedicated building of Adab is located on the northwest of the campus. It is called "Adab pas az madrese (ادب پس از مدرسه)" which means "Adab post school" in Persian. The building has four floors:
Age IX.
The 9th set of students entered highschool are known as "age IX" (2007–2011) (Persian: "دوره نهم").

</doc>
<doc id="19652122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652122" title="Mendeley">
Mendeley

Mendeley is a desktop and web program for managing and sharing research papers, discovering research data and collaborating online. It combines Mendeley Desktop, a PDF and reference management application (available for Windows, Mac and Linux) with Mendeley Web, an online social network for researchers.
Mendeley requires the user to store all basic citation data on its servers—storing copies of documents is at the user's discretion. Upon registration, Mendeley provides the user with 2 GB of free web storage space, which is upgradeable at a cost.
History.
Mendeley founded in November 2007 by three German PhD students and is based in London. The first public beta version was released in August 2008. The team comprises researchers, graduates, and developers from a variety of academic institutions. The company’s investors include the former executive chairman of Last.fm, the former founding engineers of Skype, and the former Head of Digital Strategy at Warner Music Group, as well as academics from Cambridge and Johns Hopkins University.
Mendeley has won several awards: Plugg.eu "European Start-up of the Year 2009", TechCrunch Europas "Best Social Innovation Which Benefits Society 2009", and The Guardian ranked it #6 in "Top 100 tech media companies".
Elsevier purchased Mendeley in 2013. The sale led to debate on scientific networks and in the media interested in Open Access, and upset some Mendeley users who felt that the program's acquisition by publishing giant Elsevier, known for implementing restrictive publishing practices, was antithetical to the open sharing model of Mendeley.
David Dobbs, in "The New Yorker", describes Elsevier's reasons for buying Mendeley as two-fold: to acquire its user data, and to "destroy or coöpt an open-science icon that threatens its business model."
Features.
Mendeley is available as a basic free version, and also in premium payable versions.

</doc>
<doc id="19652134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652134" title="Eddie Rigg">
Eddie Rigg

Edward (Eddie) Rigg (born 5 December 1919 in Burnley, England) was a former international speedway who finished twice finished seventh in the Speedway World Championship final.
Career summary.
Rigg started his career with the Odsal Boomerangs, where he stayed for the following ten seasons. In 1957 he joined the Belle Vue Aces and won his only domestic team trophy, the National Trophy, at the end of his final season in 1958. 
Rigg appeared for England on fourteen occasions.
Eddie Riggs Career Highlights 

</doc>
<doc id="19652137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652137" title="Anni Rossi">
Anni Rossi

Anni Rossi is an American singer, violist and keyboardist from Minnesota. She graduated for the Perpich Center for Arts Education in Golden Valley. She is notable for her unique style of playing the viola and singing, often at the same time, although her solo records also incorporate elements of electronic music.
Her debut EP "Afton", a six track affair consisting of previously released tracks, including 7" single "Wheelpusher", initially released via Too Pure and MySpace previews, was released in October 2008 through 4AD Records. The majority of "Afton" was recorded at Bomb Shelter Studios, in Los Angeles by Ben Tierney in February, 2006.
Rossi recorded her mini-album, entitled "Rockwell" with Steve Albini at Electrical Audio in Chicago. The album was released in March 2009 through 4AD Records. An appearance at the South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival and a west coast tour followed in late winter/early spring of 2009. In 2009, she also toured with Camera Obscura, the Ting Tings (2008) and Headlights.
"Heavy Meadow" was initially self released through the iTunes download store in 2010, and was later physically released in May 2011 via UK label 3 Syllables.
On March 5, 2011, MTV Hive posted a streaming link to Anni Rossi performing Rihanna's "Rude Boy".
Discography.
Albums:
EPs:
Singles:
Collaborations: 
Rossi collaborated with anthropologist Michael Taussig for his theater piece titled "The Berlin Sun Theater" which premiered at The Whitney Museum on Feb 23rd, 2013. She is credited as composer and performer for the project.
Awards.
Independent Music Awards 2012: "Crushing Limbs" - Best Film/TV Song
External links.
Articles:
Reviews:

</doc>
<doc id="19652138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652138" title="Howard University School of Law">
Howard University School of Law

Howard University School of Law (also known as Howard Law or HUSL) is one of the professional graduate schools of Howard University. Located in Washington, D.C., it is one of the oldest law schools in the country and the oldest historically black college or university law school in the United States. Today, Howard University School of Law confers an average of 185 Juris Doctorate and Master of Law degrees annually to students from the United States and countries in South America, the Caribbean, Africa, and Asia. Howard University School of Law is fully approved by the American Bar Association, and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools.
History.
The legal department at Howard University opened on January 6, 1869. The founders of Howard Law recognized “a great need to train lawyers who would have a strong commitment to helping black Americans secure and protect their newly established rights” during the country’s tumultuous Reconstruction era. The year the legal department was opened, the school declared a nondiscriminatory admissions policy. It was the first school to declare such a policy and Howard admitted white male and female students along with black students from its opening. In the 20th century, it became not only a school, but also the embodiment of legal activism. It emerged as a "clinic" on justice and injustice in America, as well as a clearinghouse for information on the civil rights struggle.
Classes and first graduates.
The first class consisted of six students, all black men, who met three evenings a week in the homes and offices of the four teachers. Classes were held in various locations throughout the years before the law school settled into its current location at 2900 Van Ness Street, N.W., in 1974. At the time, the LL.B program required only two years of study. Ten students were awarded degrees at the first commencement ceremony, which was held on February 3, 1871. 
Howard Law Today.
Howard School of Law was accredited by the American Bar Association in 1931. Today, the school annually confers approximately 185 Jurist Doctorate and Master of Law degrees. The faculty consists of around fifty professors. 
Women in the History of Howard Law.
Howard Law was the first school in the nation to have a nondiscriminatory admissions policy. The school admitted white male and female students along with black students from its opening. It was a progressive policy at the time to admit women, but despite this, only eight women graduated from Howard Law during the entire first thirty years of its existence. The nation’s first black woman lawyer, Charlotte E. Ray, was a graduate of Howard’s law program. Despite Howard University’s policy of nondiscrimination, it is reported that Charlotte applied to the law program using her initials as a ruse to disguise her gender because she was “ware of the school’s reluctant commitment to the principle of sexual equality.” Ray was admitted in 1869 and graduated in 1872. 
Another woman claimed to have been admitted to Howard’s law program prior to Ray. Mary Ann Shadd Carey claimed to have been admitted in 1869, but was barred from graduating on time because of her gender. Carey graduated in 1883, making her the second black woman to do so. 
Eliza A. Chambers was an early white female graduate of Howard’s law program. Chambers was admitted in 1885 and successfully completed the three year course of study. However, “the Law School faculty refused to hand in [Eliza’s] name to the examiners, for admission to practice, omitting her from the list of her male classmates whom they recommended, simply because she was a woman.”
Objectives.
The objective of the School of Law is to produce superior professionals, capable of achieving positions of leadership in law, business, government, education, and public service. Most importantly, Howard University School of Law is dedicated to producing social engineers.
Degrees Offered.
Howard University School of Law offers the Juris Doctor (J.D.), and the Master of Laws (L.L.M). Additionally, students can enroll in the J.D./M.B.A. dual degree program with the Howard University School of Business.
Campus.
The campus is located in the upper Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., in the Forest Hills area of the city. The law school is located on its own campus approximately five miles from the main campus.
The campus was built by Dunbarton College of the Holy Cross, which occupied it until the school closed in 1973.
Publications.
These include:
Journals
History
Notable alumni.
Howard University School of Law is one of the oldest law programs in the country. Established in 1869, the school has produced national leaders in politics, business, and in the legal profession. Among its distinguished graduates are Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall; former Virginia Governor Douglas Wilder; and Lazard Freres Senior Managing Director Vernon E. Jordan.
Notable Events.
1986 World Food Day Food and Law Conference: The Legal Faces of the Hunger Problem
In 1986, Howard University School of Law and the Department of International Affairs, headed by Ambassador Walter Carrington and in cooperation with the office of satellite communications, held the 1986 World Food Day Food and Law Conference: The Legal Faces of the Hunger Problem. J. Clay Smith, Jr. was acting Dean of the law school during this time. 
The purpose of the conference was to “shed light on the paths to be followed by concerned people to bring to fruition the realization of the right of people to be free from hunger and to have an adequate diet.” The goal of the conference was to gain an understanding of what needs to be done in order to solve the issue of global hunger: “Our conference is a call to act, to structure our system, our laws and our policies to meet this challenge head-on.” “Professor Goler Teal Butcher conceived, designed, and brilliantly participated in … the Symposium. Butcher gathered experts, field participants, and scholars from around the world to serve as panelists for the event. 

</doc>
<doc id="19652139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652139" title="Dalesbred">
Dalesbred

The Dalesbred is a breed of domestic sheep originating in the United Kingdom. Derived from the Swaledale and Scottish Blackface breeds, the Dalesbred is a hill breed most common in the Central Pennines in England, particularly around Upper Wharfedale and Nidderdale. Very similar in appearance to its parent breeds, it has horns in both rams and ewes and a white carpet-quality fleece. It can be best distinguished by having a white spot on each side of its black face, with the end of the muzzle becoming grey. This breed is primarily used for meat and wool production. The legs are free of wool and are mottled black and white. Dalesbred ewes weigh and rams . 
Dalesbred are a hardy breed capable of surviving the harsh conditions of upland terrain. They are generally bred for several generations in this environment, then ewes are sold to lowland farmers for cross breeding to produce mules. Ewes are often crossed with Teeswater rams to produce the Masham which is one of the most famous of British crossbreeds.
Due to the location and small extent of its distribution, this breed was threatened by culling in a Foot-and-mouth disease outbreak in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19652146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652146" title="Povl Wøldike">
Povl Wøldike

Povl Wøldike (13 August 1899 – 25 July 1975) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 32 films between 1938 and 1970.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652158" title="CS Premasinghe">
CS Premasinghe

CS Premasinghe (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Premasinghe made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Premasinghe batted in the lower order, scoring 22 not out in the first innings, and 21 in the second innings.
Premasinghe bowled sixteen overs during the match, with bowling figures of 2-75.

</doc>
<doc id="19652159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652159" title="A. Weerasinghe">
A. Weerasinghe

A Weerasinghe (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre. Weerasinghe made a single first class appearance for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. He batted in the lower order, scoring 13 not out in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19652179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652179" title="Michaela Songa">
Michaela Songa

Michaela Songa (born May 24, 1966) is a Liberian-born actress, writer, and a magazine editor. Michaela is best known for her series of web journals and her photos through camera lenses. She has recently been working on her movie career by starring in two Liberian movies alongside other up and coming film makers.
As a Print Journalism Major in her junior year, she has always stated her desire to stay out of the camera lens as much as possible and focus more on the behind scenes of her finest finished products, printed media that is.
Early life.
Michaela was born in Monrovia, Liberia, the daughter of Michael Songa, a renowned Architect and Jennebah Carter. As an only child, she was often pampered by her father which some times got her in trouble in schools with her peers. They routinely taunted her with name callings such as "daddy's girl", "princess", etc. As she gained acceptance with her friends through bribes and stooping to them, she took on a new nickname. Hence "KELO" was born. She asserts to date that she never preferred to be called KELO (short for Michaela), however sources from childhood friends state otherwise. Her birth name reveals her closeness to her father (Michael) more so than worldly things.
Career.
Michaela became interested in art since a child. Her dad introduced her to the lens of the camera very early by often documenting her daily activities on tapes and in prints.
Her acting career, though her least favorite talent has peaked up by starring in two movies set to be released soon of which "The Desperate Girls" is one. She is currently managing her own blog and a spin-off as an editor-in-chief for "zorzor magazine". Her former works could also be seen at "African Starz Magazine" where she was also the chief editor.
Personal life.
She is a devoted Christian, who through her conversations likes to always give credit to God first. She currently lives in New Jersey. She often does not disclose her residence, in lieu of the fact that, she constantly isn't satisfied with permanent settlements. She classify herself as a girl who likes to interact with her environments, hence she doesn't want to live at one place for an extended period of time.
Hobbies.
Her hobbies are reading and writing movie scripts. She also often ties cooking to her list of hobbies, although she doesn't have a favorite food to cook.

</doc>
<doc id="19652187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652187" title="Park Chul-Woo">
Park Chul-Woo

Park Chul-Woo (born September 29, 1965) is a retired football player and goalkeeper coach.
He played in K-League side POSCO Atoms, LG Cheetahs, Chunnam Dragons and Suwon Samsung Bluewings in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19652196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652196" title="Ouche">
Ouche

The Ouche is a river in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Saône, which it joins in Échenon. Its source is in Lusigny-sur-Ouche. The Ouche flows through the following towns: Bligny-sur-Ouche, La Bussière-sur-Ouche, Fleurey-sur-Ouche, Velars-sur-Ouche, Dijon, Longvic and Varanges. Part of the Canal de Bourgogne runs through the Ouche valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19652208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652208" title="Menglian Dai, Lahu and Va Autonomous County">
Menglian Dai, Lahu and Va Autonomous County

Menglian Dai, Lahu and Va Autonomous County (孟连傣族拉祜族佤族自治县; pinyin: Mènglián dǎizú lāhùzú wǎzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19652221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652221" title="Preben Uglebjerg">
Preben Uglebjerg

Preben Uglebjerg (16 January 1931 – 31 May 1968) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in nine films between 1948 and 1963.
He was born in Glostrup, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652223" title="2007 Dallas Cup">
2007 Dallas Cup

The 2007 Dallas Cup was the 28th since its establishment, 12 teams entering in the tournament. The competition was sponsored by Dr Pepper. São Paulo beat Chelsea 1-0 in the Championship and won the 2007 Dallas Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="19652224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652224" title="Car supermarket">
Car supermarket

A car supermarket, also called a multi-make car dealer,auto superstore or car hypermarket, is a large independently owned, non francised motor car retail outlet. It may sell a mixture of used and new cars from various brands, especially new-to-three year old mass-market and ex-fleet vehicles. Most use a "no-haggle" pricing model. 
Car supermarkets typically have in excess of 350 cars in one location, and the largest ones have up to 4,000 cars. This compares to less than 100 - 200 cars in stock for an average dealer forecourt, and allows consumers to find a wider choice while reducing the need for aggressive sales techniques. The vehicles are typically priced lower than in smaller car dealerships, based on volume sales and economies of scale. Examples of car supermarkets are CarMax and AutoNation in the US, Motorpoint, Cargiant, UnbeatableCar and Carcraft in the UK.
Unlike auto rows where multiple dealerships are clustered together, car supermarkets are a single company offering a spread of vehicles from most of the major manufactures, whilst some dealership groups advertise as having a large choice of vehicles in Group stock, often this translates to a small number of vehicles per location and should not be regarded as a car supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="19652248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652248" title="Nils Landmark">
Nils Landmark

Nils L. Landmark (11 March 1775 – 29 October 1859) was a Norwegian jurist, farmer and politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania to Nils Svensson and Karen Andersdatter Killerud. Contrary to some sources, he was not born with the name Landmark, but took the name as a grown-up. He had lost his father at the age of seven, and was raised by district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") Jens Stub. Stub would later be a founding father of the Norwegian Constitution in 1814.
In 1801 he married Barbra Henriette Rantzau Heiberg. She died in 1828. In December 1835 Nils Landmark took his second wife Christiane Wilhelmine Lange. She was a sister of politicians Hans Nicolai, Otto Vincent and Ulrik Frederik Lange, sister-in-law of Even Hanssen and aunt of Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen.
In total, Nils Landmark was the father of fifteen children. One of his sons from the first marriage, Johan Widing Heiberg Landmark, became a jurist and politician. Others became physicians or priests, and several of the grandchildren became authors. From the second marriage he had the sons Johan Theodor, agrarian leader, and Even Anton Thomas, jurist and zoologist.
In addition, he was the younger brother of Andreas Landmark and uncle of Jens Landmark.
Career.
Landmark first earned his living by helping out at the magistrate office of Jens Stub. With Stub's help, Nils Landmark moved to Copenhagen to study. He graduated as cand.jur. in 1797, and was hired as an attorney at the magistrate office. In 1808 Landmark was promoted to district stipendiary magistrate of Sunnfjord. He settled at the farm Tysse in Fjaler in 1809.
Under Landmark's household, the farm Tysse was expanded and improved into a so-called model farm. He was one of the first people in the district to commence organized forest planting; especially fraxinus excelsior, ulmus glabra, salix og acer platanoides. Besides this he specialized in fruit trees. He founded the organization "Det Holmedalske Sogneselskab", one of the earlier agricultural organizations in the district, and served as chairman for many years.
In 1821 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament, representing the constituency of Nordre Bergenhus Amt. His older brother Andreas Landmark, who was a bailiff in Romsdals Amt, served during the same period.
Nils Landmark retired from the position as district stipendiary magistrate in 1852. He died in 1859 in Fjaler.

</doc>
<doc id="19652253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652253" title="Sträußchen">
Sträußchen

Sträußchen ("Bouquets"), op. 15, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in July 1845. It was first performed at the first ball held in the newly renovated 'Zum goldenen Strauss' ballroom in the buildings of the Theater in der Josefstadt in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19652257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652257" title="Mojiang Hani Autonomous County">
Mojiang Hani Autonomous County

Mojiang Hani Autonomous County (墨江哈尼族自治县; pinyin: Mòjiāng hānízú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
Demographics.
There was a total of 210,628 ethnic Hani in Mojiang County as of 2006. Hani subgroups in Mojiang County include the following, with 2006 population estimates (Dai 2009:3).
According to the "Mojiang County Almanac" (2002:640), ethnic Bulang, who numbered 2,968 individuals as of 1993, are found in the townships of Jingxing 景星, Xinwu 新抚, and Tongguan 通关.

</doc>
<doc id="19652270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652270" title="Sphaerophysa">
Sphaerophysa

Sphaerophysa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19652275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652275" title="1918 in India">
1918 in India

Events in the year 1918 in India.
Events.
End of first world war.

</doc>
<doc id="19652277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652277" title="SM U-104">
SM U-104

SM "U-104" was a German Type U 57 U-boat during the First World War. "U-104" was built at AG Weser in Bremen, launched on 3 July 1917 and commissioned on 12 August 1917. She completed four patrols under commander Kurt Bernis and was responsible for the sinking of eight vessels of a total of . Among these was the American lightship "LV 71", stationed at Diamond Shoals; the latter reported the submarine's presence in the area, at which point Bernis notified the lightship of his intentions and allowed her crew to depart before shelling the vessel and sinking her.
Loss.
On 25 April 1918 the "U-104" was engaged by in St. George's Channel and severely damaged. Later the same day came upon her and dropped further depth-charges, sinking her and leaving but a single survivor of her 42-member crew. The wreckage lies at position .

</doc>
<doc id="19652285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652285" title="Military Academy of Modena">
Military Academy of Modena

The Military Academy of Modena () is a military university in Modena, northern Italy. Located in the Palazzo Ducale in the historic center of the city, it is the first such military institution in the world.
The academy is open for enrollment to both sexes, and focuses on the initial training and selection of future military officers in the Italian Army or in the Carabinieri.
A typical course of study is at least two years. Upon the successful completion of the syllabus, the trainee can then either go on to study another three years at the Military Research Institute of Turin or at the Carabinieri Officer Candidate School in Rome.
History.
The Academy was originally founded in Turin, then part of the Duchy of Savoy.
In 1669, Duke Charles Emmanuel II devised the creation of an academy to provide competent military leaders who would be faithful to the House of Savoy. He subsequently began designing the layout and gathering the staff and funds necessary for the construction of such an academy. The institution would be completed many years later due to the Duke's premature death. On January 1, 1678, the Duchess Maria Giovanna Battista of Savoy-Nemours, the state regent, opened the Royal Academy. As such, it is the first military institution of its kind in the world, preceding the Artillery Military Academy in St. Petersburg (1717), the Royal Military Academy (1741) of Woolwich, London, the Ecole Militaire in Paris (1750), and United States Military Academy in West Point (1802).
The design and construction of Turin's Royal Academy were entrusted to the Court Architect Amedeo di Castellamonte, whose design housed the academy until 1943. The aerial bombardments of World War II destroyed the entire complex; a portion of the colonnade was gathered together and carried in 1960 to Modena, were it was reassembled in the courtyard of the Palazzo Ducale, which was thus renamed the "Courtyard of the Military Academy of Turin."
The Modena location of this academy can trace its roots back to the "Academy and Conference of Military Architecture" founded by the duke Francesco III d'Este in 1756. In 1798, Napoleon Bonaparte expanded the Academy's curriculum to include a military engineering school and artillery school, and it trained all Army officers in Italy until 1814. Following the Restoration, the Duke Francis IV of Habsburg-Este founded another expansion, the Military Academy of Nobility, which was later opened to young people without noble titles. On the initiative of General Manfredo Fanti, in 1859 a Central Military School was founded, which became the Military School of Infantry in 1860, on the eve of the proclamation of the Kingdom of Italy in 1861.
Further schools were added and recombined in later years: the Military Infantry and Cavalry in 1865 and the Military Academy of Artillery and Engineers in the early 1900s, based on the original school designed by Napoleon. In 1923, the two schools were reorganized as the Military Academy of Infantry and Cavalry (Modena) and the Military Academy of Artillery and Engineers (Torino), acquiring the title of Royal Academies in 1928.
Since 1937 the Military Academy of Modena also hosts courses for the training of officers of the Carabinieri, from 1933 to 1936 were also hosted the 37th and 38th Officer's Course of the Royal Guard. In 1943, the two institutions were suspended, which resumed their function in May 1944 at the barracks of Pico Lecce as a Special Commando Royal Military Academy. After the end of the war and the fall of the monarchy, the Military Academy in Modena (1947) became unified.
Among the most illustrious alumni of the Academy are 31 ministers, 6 Prime Ministers, and 33 senators.
To commemorate the founding of the Military Academy of Modena, the Post Office of Rome issued a .41 stamp featuring the Academy flag and crest in 1999.
Hierarchy.
The Academy is led by a Division General and the Command Office run by his vice Brigadier General. There are then two Regiments, the Academic Department and the Student Regiment.
Academic Department.
The Academic Department is run by a Colonel who has secretariat and four departments under him which are responsible for the didactic activity of the institute. The departments are: 
Student Regiment.
The Student Regiment, also led by a Colonel, has three battalions of students, a majority section, a training section and a Command Office. 
The Command Office and the majority section guarantee the good functioning of the department, while the other sections focus on training activities.
The three battalions are divided as such:
1st Battalion
Training and studies.
The Military Academy is a demanding training course for young people, and the training falls into various subcultural, military and sports-related elements. The courses of study are of various types and duration:
The military academy also promotes and provides "military preparation", a term they use to mean required topics all officers should know, which includes:
Obviously, every department has some officers specializing in some of these disciplines, but there is much cross training. The sports training includes gymnastics, defensive melee combat, swimming, riding and target shooting.
In addition to these theoretical activities (except for sports), students need a specialized technique that is manifested in military training practice. These activities are mostly mock exercises with small arms and armor, training in hand-to-hand fighting, learning how to maintain cohesion when getting to battlefields and military orientation and direction finding.
Every study course has a final exam and there are also summer training camps, and weeks of training in the snow.
The years of study are divided as follows:
The students who pass this course will be able to put the black ribbon with a red background of the "chosen patrolman" on their uniforms 
Heraldry.
The Coat of Arms of the Academy was instituted by the decree of the Prime Minister Francesco Cossiga in 1987.
It is shaped like a modern French shield with red and gold; it has four coats of arms on it. From the left going clockwise: the coat of arms of the Academy of Infantry and Cavalry of Modena, a shield with the coats of arms the d'Este family and the founder of the Royal Academy, the Savoy family, the coat of arms of the Academy of Artillery and Strategy of Turin, and a shield divided in firths with the coat of arms of Modena and the symbols of the Piemonte region.
The turreted crown above the coat of arms represents the Republic. Under it there is the motto: “"UNA ACIES"” (in Latin, a single rank of troops).
Number and name of classes.
Every class has a number. This tradition was begun at the first schools in both Turin and Modena, each based on when they were founded in 1815 and 1860 respectively. When the school was reopened after the second world war, they decided to unify the schools and began numbering from zero. However, in 1968, it was decided to use the original Turin numbering, beginning with the 150th class. Some numbers are missing or out of order due to wartime activities when classes were accelerated or skipped altogether.
Each class, along with its number, is given a motto, assigned from among twenty different names, so classes have the same name every twenty years, and there are ceremonies to honor the classes both forty and twenty years behind the current one.
References.
"This article contains text translated from the "Italian Wikipedia" article Accademia Militare di Modena which is licensed under the GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="19652291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652291" title="Dendroctonus">
Dendroctonus

Dendroctonus is a genus of bark beetles. It includes several species notorious for destroying trees in the forests of North America.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="19652304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652304" title="Square Deal (game)">
Square Deal (game)

Square Deal is a tile game, where players are trying to empty their hand of tiles by playing them before their opponent. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008 and is the second of three games in their Brain-Ade line of quick puzzle games and features two multiplayer and a solitaire version.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to play all of the tiles in your hand before your opponent. The game starts by shuffling the 25 square tiles (divided into four colored triangular sections) face down and each player drawing 12 tiles face down. This can also be done by placing 10 tiles face down. The remaining tile is placed face up between the players as a starting tile. On each players' turn, they flip up a face down tile and attempt to place it so that:
1) The side(s) of the tiles it is being placed next to match color-wise
2) The tile is not outside of a 5x5 square imaginary grid, into which all tiles must be placed. This grid is filled as players place tiles and the start tile need not be in the center of the grid.
If a player cannot place a tile, they leave it face up and can choose to place either a new tile or the face up one on the their next turn. Play until one player has played all their tiles. That player wins. In the event neither player can play any more of their tiles, the player with the least tiles left to play wins.
The Solitaire variant plays more like a puzzle, where the player attempts to place all the tiles into a 5x5 or 4x6 grid (wild tile is removed).

</doc>
<doc id="19652341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652341" title="1954 World Figure Skating Championships">
1954 World Figure Skating Championships

The World Figure Skating Championships is an annual figure skating competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union in which figure skaters compete for the title of World Champion. 
The 1954 competitions for men, ladies, pairs and ice dancing took place February 16th to February 19th, 1954 in Oslo, Norway. 
Results.
Men.
Judges were
Ladies.
Judges were
Pairs.
Judges were
Ice Dancing.
Judges were

</doc>
<doc id="19652349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652349" title="Bjørn Puggaard-Müller">
Bjørn Puggaard-Müller

Bjørn Puggaard-Müller (13 March 1922 – 13 May 1989) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in over 90 films between 1945 and 1988. He was born in Gentofte, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652367" title="James A. McKinstry">
James A. McKinstry

James A. McKinstry (born April 12, 1942) was a physical education teacher and administrator in New York and previously worked in aeronautical engineering. He was listed on the New York Jets 1963 team roster and included in a "Life" magazine photograph of the team.
McKinstry played in the Canadian Football League with the Montreal Alouettes and Ottawa Rough Riders from 1962 to 1963. While playing on the Grand Rapids Blazers, McKinstry was recruited by the New York Jets as a free agent. He also had interest from other teams, such as the New York Giants. McKinstry played as a tight end with the Jets from 1963 to 1965. 
Following his time with the Jets, McKinstry worked for the Grumman Aerospace Corporation in Bethpage on the project management team. During this period he coordinated activities for the Lunar Excursion Module (L.E.M.) and was the Night Director for F-14 Tomcat production. McKinstry also coordinated the building of several other aircraft including the A-6 Intruder, E-2C Hawkeye and C-2A Greyhound. McKinstry worked on the proposal plan for the X-29, which is currently in the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum. 
During his time at Grumman, McKinstry's love of education grew. He obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in health and physical education at Long Island University, C.W. Post in 1976. In 1978, McKinstry completed a Masters of Science Degree in education, special education and adapted physical education at Long Island University, C.W. Post.
In 1994, McKinstry began working for the New York City Department of Education. During his four years he served as an athletic director and an adapted physical education tenured teacher. McKinstry was responsible for all physical education and health programs in the city and oversaw equipment purchases for all physical education departments. He also taught special education to SIE VII students. 
His son, also called James, was a scholarship tennis player at St. John's University as well as walk on football player.

</doc>
<doc id="19652370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652370" title="Huta Pass">
Huta Pass

Huta Pass (el. 587 m.) is a pass in the northern region of Romania. The pass connects the districts of Maramureş and Satu Mare. 
There is a restaurant on the pass.

</doc>
<doc id="19652386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652386" title="1915 in India">
1915 in India

Events in the year 1915 in India.
Births.
Events.
The Home Rule League is founded by Annie Besant (it was formally launched in 1916).

</doc>
<doc id="19652401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652401" title="2009 Gatorade Duels">
2009 Gatorade Duels

The 2009 Gatorade Duels were a pair of qualifying races for the 2009 Daytona 500, and were held on February 12, 2009 at the Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida.
The races set the field for the 51st running of "The Great American Race", and are the only races in the NASCAR Sprint Cup that qualifies drivers and their teams for a points-paying race. The top 35 drivers from the previous season automatically made the "The Great American Race" regardless of position. Race One sets the field for spaces on the inside of the pole sitter (in this case, Martin Truex, Jr.), which is locked in via the traditional two-lap process on February 8, while Race Two sets the field on the outside behind other front row driver. The field for Race One consisted of the cars that qualified in odd-numbered positions (1st, 3rd, 5th, 7th, etc.) and Race Two conversely saw cars that qualified in even-numbered positions (2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, etc.). All starting positions for the 500 were determined by the duels, except for the front row which is locked in after qualifying. In the races, the top two finishers not in the Top 35 from the previous season automatically qualify. The remaining cars are locked in via qualifying speeds, point owners exemptions and (if needed) a past champion's provisional going to the most recent past champion.
For the third consecutive year, a driver each from Joe Gibbs Racing and Hendrick Motorsports won the Duels.
Both races had spectacular finishes. In the first duel, Jeff Gordon beat out Tony Stewart, Joey Logano, Jimmie Johnson, and Aric Almirola. That group was within .40 of a second within each other on the last lap. Race two had Kyle Busch holding off Mark Martin, and Brian Vickers by .26 of a second over Martin and .264 of Vickers.
Results.
Those in boldface were qualified as top two finishers not in 2008 Owner points Top 35 Exemptions.
Also making race on speed: Bill Elliott (#21), Regan Smith (#78), Travis Kvapil (#28).
Makiing race using Champions Provisional: Terry Labonte (#66).
Failed to make race:

</doc>
<doc id="19652408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652408" title="Trau, schau, wem!">
Trau, schau, wem!

Trau, schau, wem! ("Take Care in Whom You Trust!"), Op. 463, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The composition was dedicated to the portrait painter Franz von Lenbach, and was based on melodies from Strauss' operetta "Waldmeister" – the work is therefore also known as "Waldmeister Walzer". It premiered on 15 December 1895 in the Golden Hall of the Vienna Musikverein, conducted by Eduard Strauss.

</doc>
<doc id="19652442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652442" title="Jørgen Beck">
Jørgen Beck

Jørgen Beck (13 December 1914 – 5 October 1991) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 32 films between 1945 and 1978.
He was born in Roskilde, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652447" title="1933 in India">
1933 in India

Events in the year 1933 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652472" title="The Connection (DeLon album)">
The Connection (DeLon album)

"The Connection" is the Debut Album by American Rapper DeLon. It was officially released on September 27, 2005. The first single from 'The Connection' was 'Calor De La Salsa'. "Calor De La Salsa" peaked on the Billboard charts at No.15 [ <- Calor De La Salsa on Billboard] and established DeLon as the First Sri Lankan to ever chart on the US Billboard Charts. The Connection united Hip Hop listeners of all cultures as it features eclectic beats of different styles of cultural music mixed with American Hip Hop. With roots in Salsa, Samba, Reggae, Soca, Sri Lankan, Indian and Middle Eastern music, The Connection is an album that unites all cultures through international Hip Hop. As reviewed by YRB Magazine,
"Hitting the rap game from all sides, manages to be 'conscious' and 'street' on the same album...a seamless merger of hot production, a catchy hook and the lyrical precision of a young Talib Kweli." - Yellow Rat Bastard (YRB) Magazine, Issue ..61 "The Connection" Review.
DeLon has won international praise for this album and is recognized as the first attempt by an American rap artist to unite international Hip Hop. Not only did DeLon write all lyrics and rap on the album, he is also responsible for producing 70% of the album's beats. The Connection was released through DeLon's Record Label, Ceylon Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19652476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652476" title="Johan Widing Heiberg Landmark">
Johan Widing Heiberg Landmark

Johan Widing Heiberg Landmark (1802 – 1878) was a Norwegian jurist and politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Gloppen to Nils Landmark and Barbra Henriette Rantzau Heiberg. His uncle Andreas Landmark was notable as a politician, and his grandfather had migrated to Norway from Sweden.
In 1824 he married Dorthea Margrethe Finde Heiberg, his mother's niece.
Career.
Like his father, he studied law, graduating as cand.jur. in 1826. In 1833 he was hired as an attorney in Fjaler, where his father was seated as the district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") of Sunnfjord. Johan was given the property Fagervik, previously a part of his father's farm Tysse. He lived at Fagervik from 1833 to 1846. In 1847 he was appointed bailiff ("fut") in Sogn, and moved to Balestrand.
Johan Widing Heiberg Landmark had a political career. When local governance was introduced in 1837, he became the first mayor of Yttre Holmedal municipality. In 1845 he served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament.
He died in Balestrand.

</doc>
<doc id="19652492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652492" title="Orlando Baker">
Orlando Baker

Orlando M Baker (born 15 September 1979) is a Jamaican-born American cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm medium pace bowler, he made his debut for the United States national cricket team in 2008, having previously played first-class cricket for his native Jamaica.
Biography.
Born in St Catherine in 1979, Orlando Baker first represented Jamaica at Under-19 level, playing in the Nortel Youth Tournament in 1996 and 1997, also playing for them in matches against a Nortel All Star XI and Pakistan Under-19s in 1996. He played his only first-class match for Jamaica in 2001, a Busta Cup match against England A. He scored a total of five runs in the match.
He first played for the USA in Division Five of the World Cricket League in Jersey in 2008, playing eight matches in the tournament and finishing as the USA's second highest run scorer in the tournament.
In 2012 Baker was selected as to be a part of the United States national cricket team at the 2012 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in the UAE in March 2012. Later in the same year he was selected for the 2012 ICC World Cricket League Division Four which takes place from 3 to 10 September 2012 in Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19652496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652496" title="2009 Ford 400">
2009 Ford 400

The 2009 Ford 400 took place on November 22, 2009, at the Homestead-Miami Speedway in Homestead, Florida near Miami, and was the final race of the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup season and the 2000s decade.
It was telecast by ABC, as well as broadcast on radio by Motor Racing Network (over-the-air/terrestrial) and Sirius XM Radio (satellite). The race served as the finale for the 2009 Chase for the Sprint Cup, as the driver from among twelve qualifiers that followed the Chevy Rock & Roll 400 in September in Henrico County, Virginia with the most total points at the end of the race was declared the 2009 NASCAR Sprint Cup Champion. The race also marked the culmination of Ford Championship Weekend, which included the Camping World Truck Series Ford 200 on Friday night and the Nationwide Series Ford 300 Saturday evening.
A crowd of 70,000 spectators would witness this 189-minute spectacle; the margin between the winner and the second-place driver was 2.6 seconds. The average green flag run was approximately 26 laps while almost 12% of the race was run under a caution flag. Jimmie Johnson would earn his fourth NASCAR Sprint Cup Championship at this race; a significant accomplishment that would acquire him more championships than Cale Yarborough.

</doc>
<doc id="19652498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652498" title="1910 in India">
1910 in India

Events in the year 1910 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652500" title="Ximeng Va Autonomous County">
Ximeng Va Autonomous County

Ximeng Va Autonomous County (西盟佤族自治县; pinyin: Xīméng wǎzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19652529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652529" title="Den Dolder railway station">
Den Dolder railway station

Den Dolder is a railway station located in Den Dolder, the Netherlands. The station is located on the Utrecht–Kampen railway (Utrecht-Amersfoort-Zwolle) and the Den Dolder–Baarn railway. It was opened in 1895. The current island platform was opened in 1914.
Train services.
The following services call at Den Dolder:

</doc>
<doc id="19652535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652535" title="Ljuba Baranin">
Ljuba Baranin

Ljubo Baranin (, born 25 August 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer and former Serbian U21 international who plays for FK Čelik Nikšić. He began his career in the youth team of Železnik, before spells in the senior squads of Dorćol and Beograd. He made his name with Bežanija, breaking into the Serbian under-21 team during his time with the club. He also spent three seasons playing in Azerbaijan for Gabala and Kapaz. In summer 2013 he joined FK Čelik Nikšić in the Montenegrin First League.

</doc>
<doc id="19652538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652538" title="Johannes Wildner">
Johannes Wildner

Johannes Wildner (born 1956) is an Austrian conductor.
Born in Austria in 1956, Johannes Wildner studied conducting, violin and musicology and has established himself as one of the foremost Austrian conductors.
His years of experience as a member of the Vienna Philharmonic and the Vienna State Opera Orchestra have given his conducting a distinctive stamp. After positions as Chief Conductor of Prague State Opera (1994-95) and First Permanent Conductor of Leipzig Opera (1996-98), Johannes Wildner was the General Music Director of the New Philharmonic Orchestra of Westphalia (Germany) for ten years from 1997. He has been appointed Principal Guest Conductor of the BBC Concert Orchestra in London with effect from September 2010. 
He regularly appears as a guest conductor in major opera houses such as the Tokyo New National Theatre, the Arena di Verona, Leipzig, Volksoper Vienna, Graz, Salzburg, Prague and Zagreb State Opera, and with orchestras such as the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra London, the St. Petersburg Philharmonic, the Tokyo Philharmonic, Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo, the MDR Symphony, the Dresden Philharmonic, the Vienna Symphony, the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Bruckner Orchestra Linz, the Mozarteum Orchestra Salzburg, the Danish National Symphony Copenhagen, the China Philharmonic and the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra. 
Johannes Wildner has recorded over 60 CDs, DVDs and videos, including the integral versions of Johann Strauss’ Die Fledermaus and Mozart’s Così fan tutte, live recordings of Carmen and Nozze di Figaro, Bruckner’s Third and Ninth Symphonies, and various CDs of previously unknown repertoire by Zeisl, Marx and David. One of his most recent releases is Robert Schumann's Complete Works for Piano and Orchestra, with pianist Lev Vinocour and the RSO Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19652559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652559" title="Lis Løwert">
Lis Løwert

Lis Løwert (7 December 1919 – 26 November 2009) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 23 films between 1938 and 1971. She was best known for her parts in two TV series: Mrs. Clausen in "Huset på Christianshavn" and Violet Vinter in "Matador". "Matador" has been heralded as one of the best in Danish television. It originally aired between November 1978 and January 1982. The series finale which aired in 1985 still stands as the most viewed ever in Danish TV history, with approximately 3.6 million viewers in a country of only about 5 million people.

</doc>
<doc id="19652573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652573" title="Hawthorne (NYS&amp;W station)">
Hawthorne (NYS&amp;W station)

Hawthorne is a rail station located in Hawthorne, New Jersey in Passaic County. Volunteer Railroaders Association (aka VRA), a non-profit railroad preservation group leases the station from the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway. The station is single floor wooden structure at grade with the local area. Formerly brown and cream colored, the station has currently been repainted blue-green and red as part of an ongoing restoration. The station once served as the commuter ticket office until June 30, 1966 and was also used as a freight depot building.
The original station at this location was built in 1872. In 1894 a fire destroyed the station and the station was rebuilt in a larger form. Since 1872, the present station has been located on the corner of Royal Avenue and County Route 654 (Diamond Bridge Avenue).
It is proposed that New Jersey Transit will build a new station for the northern terminus of the Passaic-Bergen Rail Line adjacent to the NJ Transit Main Line's Hawthorne station several blocks away from this station. The neighbourhood of the original Erie mainline station would benefit from state funding to improve signage, lighting and parking.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19652574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652574" title="The Reign Goes On">
The Reign Goes On

The Reign Goes On is the only music video recording from the Christian metal band Whitecross. It was only available on the VHS video tape format and has been out of print for several years. The video album includes with concert, concept, behind-the-scenes and interview footage. Released in 1992 by Star Song Communications, 45 minutes.
Contents.
During the end credits there is a live-recording from the In the Kingdom concert at Cornerstone '91 with a chorus of Christian artists present at the festival. Among these are John Schlitt & Louie Weaver from Petra.

</doc>
<doc id="19652575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652575" title="Bob Leverenz">
Bob Leverenz

Bob Leverenz (6 February 1925 – 16 March 2009) was an international speedway rider who featured in the 1951 Speedway World Championship final. 
Leverenz was born in Findon, South Australia.
Career.
Leverenz spent his entire UK career with the Norwich Stars and was a member of the team that won the National League Division Two championships in 1950 and 1951.
His career highlights included:
His league averages for Norwich were:

</doc>
<doc id="19652590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652590" title="Markov Processes International">
Markov Processes International

Markov Processes International, LLC (MPI) provides software applications and consulting services which are employed by institutions and financial services organizations to enhance their investment research, reporting, data integration and content distribution. MPI’s quantitative platform analyzes hedge funds, mutual funds, portfolios and other investment products, in addition to containing asset allocation and portfolio optimization tools. 
MPI’s Stylus Pro software is utilized by alternative research groups, hedge fund of funds, family offices, institutional investors, institutional consultants, private banks, asset managers, diversified financial services organizations as well as marketing, product development and IT departments. MPI’s software applications are also used by private wealth advisors and high-net worth professionals.
History.
MPI was founded by Michael Markov and Mik Kvitchko in 1990 to provide consulting services for institutional investors. Mr. Markov had conducted research in the portfolio optimization area as well as in style and performance analysis, which led to the development of unique commercial software (Stylus suite of products). 
In 1992, Michael Markov and Mik Kvitchko developed the first Returns-Based Style Analysis (RBSA) software application based on Nobel Laureate William Sharpe's methodology [http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15f8072a-6a32-11dc-a571-0000779fd2ac.html]. RBSA can be used to identify combinations of passive investments to closely replicate the performance of funds. 
Three years later, MPI introduced the industry’s first macro-investment decision support system, MPI Tribute. MPI then released Stylus Pro Version 1.0 as the first application to employ daily data. It also was the first application to incorporate a locally-weighted regression, factor selection model and Predicted R-Squared, a proprietary cross validation technique.
In 1998, MPI developed the first visual manager search application, Enterprise Prospector, which can be used to create custom statistics, performance measures, peer groups and investment product rating systems. Four years later, MPI introduced the first Dynamic Style Analysis (DSA) model, an advanced methodology for returns-based analysis of hedge funds. DSA featured a proprietary cross validation technique, Predicted R-Squared. In 2008, MPI released its patent-pending Calibrated Frontiers methodology, an innovative and robust approach to portfolio resampling. Two years later, MPI released the new Stylus Web with “plan level” reporting functionality.
References.
1. Sommer, Jeff. "[http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/20/business/20stra.html?ref=business]", "New York Times", 2010-06-18. Retrieved September 1, 2010.
2. Janowski, Davis. "[http://www.investmentnews.com/article/20100502/REG/305029980]", "InvestmentNews", 2010-05-03. Retrieved September 1, 2010.
3. Miller, Jonathan. "[http://www.fondsprofessionell.at/redsys/artikelText.php?kat=&ausg=2/10&offset=&sid=264169]", "Citywire", 2010-03-05. Retrieved September 1, 2010.
4. Sullivan, Tom. "Hedge or Mutual Fund?", "Dow Jones", 2010-01-04. Retrieved February 8, 2010.
5. Checkler, Joseph. "Galleon Fund's Big July 2006 Gain Coincided With ATI Buyout", "Dow Jones", 2009-11-17. Retrieved February 8, 2010.
6. Markov, Michael. "Using Daily Returns To Identify Bond Fund Risks", "InvestmentNews", 2009-09-23. Retrieved February 8, 2010.
7. Markov, Michael. "Quantitative Due Diligence of Fixed Income Portfolios: A case study of the Oppenheimer Core Bond Fund", 2009-06. Retrieved February 8, 2010.
8. Markov, Michael. "The Similarities Between Pearl Harbor and Bernie Madoff", "Pensions & Investments", 2009-04-06. Retrieved June 9, 2009.
9. Li, Daniel; Markov, Michael; Wermers, Russ. "Monitoring Daily Hedge Fund Performance When Only Monthly Data is Available", 2009-04-01. Retrieved June 9, 2009.
10. Walker, David. "Madoff Claims ‘Too Good to be True’", "Financial News", 2009-01-12. Retrieved June 9, 2009.
11. Markov, Michael. "Madoff: A Tale of Two Funds", 2008-12. Retrieved January 7, 2008.
12. "Con of the century", "The Economist", 2008-12-18. Retrieved January 7, 2008.
13. Konigsberg, Eric. "In Fraud Case, Middlemen in Spotlight", "The New York Times", 2008-12-16. Retrieved January 7, 2008.
14. Bischoff, Kirsten. "Opalesque Exclusive", "Opalesque", 2008-10-21. Retrieved January 7, 2008. 
15. Wright, Christopher. "Cleaning Closets", "CFA Magazine", 2008-09. Retrieved October 3, 2008.
16. Markov, Michael. "The Law of Large Numbers: An Analysis of the Renaissance Fund", 2008-07. Retrieved October 15, 2008.
17. Grene, Sophia. "Lifting the Lid on Hedge Fund Risks", "Financial Times", 2007-09-24. Retrieved September 24, 2007.
18. Bühlmann, Véronique. "Big DSA is Watching You!", "Banque & Finance", 2007-07. Retrieved September 15, 2008.
19. Kurdas, Chidem. "When Long Means Loss", "HedgeWorld", 2006-07-18. Retrieved September 15, 2008.
20. Kurdas, Chidem. "Outlook 2006: A Challenging Comparison", "HedgeWorld", 2006-01-25. Retrieved September 15, 2008.
21. Markov, Michael. "It's in the Numbers - How Proper Analysis of Returns can be a Crystal Ball", 2006 Retrieved October 15, 2008.
22. Markov, Michael. "Bill Miller vs. Manu Daftary - 2005 Duel Results", 2006 Retrieved October 15, 2008.
23. Cantrell, Amanda. "Hedge Funds Headed for a Fall?", "CNNMoney.com", 2005-11-15. Retrieved September 15, 2008. 
24. Hansard, Sara. "Bayou Collapse Sends a Warning Signal", "Investment News", 2005-09-19. Retrieved September 15, 2008 from ABI/INFORM Global database. (Document ID: 1340854541). 
25. "Finance And Economics: In the Garden of Good and Evil; Hedge Funds", "The Economist", 2005-09. Retrieved September 9, 2008.
26. Markov, Michael. "Why Would One Invest in an Outlier? - A Bayou Analysis", 2005 Retrieved October 15, 2008.
27. Markov, Michael. "Seeing Through Walls - Bringing Greater Transparency to Hedge and Mutual Fund Analysis", 2005 Retrieved October 15, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19652593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652593" title="1896 in India">
1896 in India

Events in the year 1896 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652599" title="Smarthome">
Smarthome

Smarthome is a consumer electronics company specializing in home automation products, information, how-to videos and industry information. 
It was created in 1992 by Joe Dada III, founder and CEO. It is based in Irvine, California.
History.
In 1992's, Joe Dada and David Tan launched Smarthome, originally a catalog of 3rd party products and now a subsidiary of SmartLabs, Inc. a fast-growing
Internet-based supplier of connected home products. 
In February 1995, Smarthome launched one of the first e-commerce sites on the Web. The company now offers over 15,000 products from nearly 1,000 manufacturers online via their website, catalog and retail store in Irvine, CA. 
Smarthome, Inc. offers electronic home improvement devices such as X10 lighting and control systems, security devices, switches and home automation controllers.
Dada and his team of engineers and designers have created a new standard of home control called INSTEON, a two-way system which controls devices using both power line and radio frequencies (RF).
According to Popular Mechanics' magazine article, Insteon is not only "an effective system for connecting lighting switches and loads without extra wiring, but it also forms the basis for a more sophisticated home automation network.".
Company growth.
Smarthome started with 1 employee and a “shipping room”, which consisted of Tan’s living room coffee table, and has grown to over 100 employees and a facility. 
Smarthome services customers in more than 130 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19652608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652608" title="Severgreen">
Severgreen

Severgreen is the ninth studio album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19652611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652611" title="Hans Wechtlin">
Hans Wechtlin

Johann, Johannes or Hans Wechtlin was a German Renaissance artist, active between at least 1502 and 1526, whose woodcuts are his only certainly surviving work. He was the most prolific producer of German chiaroscuro woodcuts, printed in two or more colours, during their period in fashion, though most of his output was of book illustrations.
Life.
He was born in about 1480-85, presumably in Strasbourg, then in Germany and now in France, where his father, also called Hans Wechtlin, was a cloth merchant. Most of his identified works are woodcut book illustrations, the first, scenes from the "Life of Christ", are from a Strasbourg book of 1502, and the last is a Strasbourg title-page of 1526. In 1505 he began a year of employment as a painter to René II, Duke of Lorraine in Nancy. After he left Nancy he was in Wittenberg in 1506-7, where he must have met the court painter, Lucas Cranach the Elder. He became a citizen of Strasbourg in 1514, and by 1519 was a master of the painter's guild there.
Single woodcuts.
He left nineteen single-leaf wood-cuts (i.e. prints rather than book illustrations), apparently made in the period 1505-15, and is mainly remembered for his twelve chiaroscuro woodcuts, which are all extremely rare. The dating of these has been much discussed by art-historians, as part of the very tangled issue of the development of the German chiaroscuro woodcut. Bartrum assigns them "towards the end" of the 16th century. No surviving paintings are attributed to him, although a few drawings have been, tentatively. As with most artists in woodcut, art historians now consider that Wechtlin probably just designed the woodcuts, leaving the block-cutting to a specialist "formschneider" who pasted the design to the wood and chiselled the white areas away. The quality of the final woodcuts, which varies considerably, depended on the skill of the cutter as well as the artist. 
His best known print is the chiaroscuro "Skull Within an Ornamental Frame", "by far his most impressive" and "one of the most powerful of the German Renaissance", which is the only one for which there is evidence of dating, as it is copied in a book of 1512. Four of his chiaroscuro prints are somewhat ostentatiously classical, two on the very obscure subjects of "Alcon Slaying the Serpent" and "Pyrgoteles" (a famous Ancient Greek gem-carver), as well the better known ones of "Pyramus and Thisbe" and "Orpheus". They show Italianate influence, especially from the engravings of Marcantonio Raimondi, from whom the figures of Pyramus and Thisbe are directly borrowed. His woodcut technique is based on that of Albrecht Dürer, though his wooded backgrounds owe more to Cranach. 
His "Knight and Halberdier" (illustrated above) is in the chivalrous spirit influenced by Emperor Maximilian and his calls for a crusade; indeed the style of armour the knight wears is often called "Maximilian armour". Other early chiaroscuro woodcuts were equestrian portraits of similar knightly figures, a portrait of Maximilian by Hans Burgkmair, and versions of "Saint George and the Dragon" looking very similar to the Emperor, by both Cranach and Burgkmair. Wechtlin's twelve prints were the largest individual contribution to the corpus of about sixty German chiaroscuro woodcuts from the early 16th century - the technique was probably invented by Burgkmair in 1508. Unlike Burgkmair's often frankly garish colours, Wechtlin's colour woodcuts use only two blocks and muted colours. In both the Cleveland and Cincinnati impressions of the "Knight and Halberdier" there are black line blocks and a "greyish-blue" tone block; other tone blocks are described as "blue-grey" ("Orpheus" and the Skull) and "grey-green" ("Pyramus and Thisbe"). 
His monogram, used only on eleven of his chiaroscuro prints, consists in its fullest form of his initials "Io V" between two diagonally crossed pilgrim's staves, with a flower in the centre, on a cartellino or plaque, a style copied from Albrecht Dürer. His prints, recognised as a group, remained unattributed to any documented artist until 1851, when his name on the title page of a book he illustrated was connected with the monogram and the few documentary records. A similar monogram was used by the glass-painter Jacob Wechtlin, perhaps a brother.
Book illustrations.
His best known book illustrations in his own time were 135 woodcuts from Sebastian Brant's 1502 edition of Virgil's "Aeneid", "perhaps the most influential book illustrations ever produced in Europe", though the attribution to him is not universally agreed. This was the first printed Virgil with illustrations. These crowded compositions retain many Gothic features, compared for example with Botticelli's rather earlier painted illustrations to Dante. They were copied in many other book editions and about thirty years later in a famous series of Limoges enamel plaques by the "Master of the Aeneid Series", one of many such derivative works. 
Better-known today are the often rather gruesome woodcuts for Hans von Gersdorff's (1455–1529) "Feldtbuch der Wundartzney" (literally "Field-book of the Wound-doctor", 1517, 1st edn.), a manual for the military surgeon (see Commons). These have sometimes been coloured by hand, but are printed in black and white. His frontispiece for the 1526 edition, produced when he was probably in his forties, is the last known trace of him. He is not to be confused with Hans Weiditz, another Strasbourg woodcut artist of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="19652652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652652" title="Frank Ortenzio">
Frank Ortenzio

Frank Joseph Ortenzio, Jr. is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played nine games for the Kansas City Royals in . He also played two seasons ( and ) in Japan for the Nankai Hawks.
During his time with the Nankai Hawks, he was given the registered name, "Ohtenjoh (王天上)", which translates into the king above heaven. You would see this on scoreboards and in the newspaper. Normally foreign players in Japan are given names in katakana, but because his last name appeared close to Japanese sounds, the team decided to give him a kanji pictograph name.

</doc>
<doc id="19652653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652653" title="Paul Budnitz">
Paul Budnitz

Paul Budnitz (born September 14, 1967) is the founder of Kidrobot, a retailer of art toys, apparel and accessories. He also owns and runs Budnitz Bicycles, is an author of several books, exhibits as a photographer and filmmaker, and has founded a dozen companies.
Biography.
Early life and education.
The son of a nuclear physicist and a social worker, Budnitz was born and raised in Berkeley, California. From young, Budnitz displayed a mixed aptitude for computer programming and art. By the time he had reached high school, he was professionally coding safety analysis software for nuclear power plants and creating video games for the Commodore 64 home computer. Budnitz studied photography, sculpture and film at Yale University.
Early career.
During his undergraduate degree Budnitz started his first business, M.O.B., selling clothing he created to museum stores worldwide. This soon evolved into collecting, selling, and modifying vintage Levi's and other things to wear, such as Air Jordans (which Budnitz sold in Japan for as much as $16,000 a pair). In 1990, Budnitz graduated with an honors degree in Art and began working on two films, "93 Million Miles from the Sun" and the 13-minute-long "Ultraviolet". Both won awards at the Berlin Film Festival and were distributed worldwide. Artforum magazine hailed " 93 Million Miles" as "one of the best films of 1997."
Budnitz used Adobe Premiere to edit a full-length film on a Macintosh computer.
In 1997, Budnitz started recording the sound for a 16mm film on MiniDisc, a new audio format that he encountered while on a trip to Tokyo. He hacked and customized the MiniDisc players to accommodate time-code, specifically for film and sound recording. This soon led him to found his third company, minidisco.com, which sold his reconfigured MiniDisc players on the Internet. By 2001 minidisco.com had become a $10 million business, running on home computers and using software Budnitz created.
Kidrobot.
In 2002 Budnitz discovered images of limited edition vinyl toys from Japan and China based on cereal box characters and modified GI-Joes turned into stylized B-boys wearing streetwear. He recognized the toys as collectible art pieces that fused a variety of artistic disciplines: graffiti, graphic design, pop-art, and animation. He also recognized the absence of innovative art toys in North America, as well as a potential fanbase for this hybrid art form in the United States.
In 2002 Budnitz sold Minidisco and sunk the proceeds into founding Kidrobot in a California garage, using the technology he'd developed for his older businesses. He moved the new company to New York City in 2003.
Budnitz collaborated with friend Tristan Eaton, an illustrator he’d worked with on previous animated films, to create DUNNY, a vinyl figure designed to be customized by commissioned artists and MUNNY, a Do-it-Yourself (DIY) toy figure that Kidrobot customers could customize themselves.
In 2006, Budnitz added a complete apparel collection, co-designing the entire line. Like Kidrobot's toys, most of the apparel draws on the creative input of the artists of recently released toys.
In late 2006, Budnitz wrote the picture book "I am Plastic: The Designer Toy Explosion", published by Harry Abrams. This shows the most popular and innovative toys in the designer art toy movement with chapters on Japan, China, Europe and the United States.
In 2007, the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York acquired 13 of Kidrobot's toys for its permanent collection. These include "Hello My Name is Dunny", "Bad Dunny" and "MUNNY 3″.
Budnitz maintains an online diary at paulbudnitz.com that has become a hub for the art toy community. His regular posts include artist interviews, coverage of Kidrobot events, rare toy releases and photographs of urban street art.
Budnitz has designed or art directed virtually every product created by Kidrobot since the company's inception. He has also co-designed all of Kidrobot's retail stores and the Kidrobot Room in Peter Gatien's CiRCA nightclub in Toronto.
In 2006, Kidrobot partnered with W!LDBRAIN, Inc. to begin working on animated films for theater and the web. In 2008, Paramount Pictures announced they had signed an agreement with Kidrobot to produce an animated feature film based on the Kidrobot aesthetic.
Budnitz has worked with many artists, designers, and fashion brands. A short list includes artists and illustrators Frank Kozik, Dalek, Doze Green, Tara McPherson, Huck Gee, Gary Baseman, Shepard Fairey, eBoy, Tilt, Mist, Joe Ledbetter, Tristan Eaton, Jeremeyville, To Die For, Junko Mizuno, Mori Chax, Touma, Mike and Katie Tado, Paul Pope, David Horvath; designers including Heatherette, Lemar and Dauley, Jil Sander, Dries Van Noten, Marc Jacobs, Visionaire, and Paul Smith; Musicians including Swizz Beatz, DJ QBert, and Gorillaz; and brands like Nike, Barney's NYC, LaCoste, Burton Snowboards, The Standard Hotels, Siemens, Swatch, and Volkswagen.
Budnitz Bicycles.
In 2010 Budnitz created Budnitz Bicycles, following his lifelong passion for bicycling. Often called the Aston Martin of bicycles, Budnitz uses titanium and cro-moly steel to create the fastest, lightest, and among the most beautiful urban bicycles in the world. His bicycles have been featured in Vogue, V Magazine, Forbes, Uncrate, Coolhunting, and many other online and offline publications. In 2012 Phaidon called Budnitz, "The man who made bicycles beautiful again".

</doc>
<doc id="19652668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652668" title="Oleg Kuzmin">
Oleg Kuzmin

Oleg Aleksandrovich Kuzmin (, born May 9, 1981 in Moscow) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Rubin Kazan. He is a full back.
International.
In October 2009, he was called up to the Russia national football team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19652670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652670" title="Air Traffic Chaos">
Air Traffic Chaos

Air Traffic Chaos is an air traffic controller simulation video game developed and published by Majesco Games for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console. It has previously been released in Japan under the name ぼくは航空管制官 ("I Am An Air Traffic Controller"), and later in Europe under the title "Air Traffic Controller by DS". A video game demo was made available before its release for the Wii's Nintendo Channel.
Air Traffic Chaos involves the player taking control of an airport control tower for a period. During this period the player needs to achieve a certain score based on orders given to planes and safe take offs and landings. The game has a total of 15 challenges.
The airports in Air Traffic Chaos are all 5 international and domestic Japanese airports. They are:
These each have 3 stages ranging from easy, medium and expert difficulty. Each stage increases in difficulty and brings with it a longer shift with more aircraft to safely land and depart.
There is no multiplayer gaming but the player can share his/her results and badges records with up to 7 other players through the ATC Library.
Reception.
It was awarded Most Surprisingly Good Game in GameSpot's 2008 video games Special Achievement awards... They also nominated for Best Game No One Played.

</doc>
<doc id="19652677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652677" title="Olaf Ussing">
Olaf Ussing

Olaf Ussing (28 April 1907 – 4 January 1990) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 64 films between 1937 and 1988.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652680" title="Dave Murzin">
Dave Murzin

Dave Murzin (born December 24, 1963) is a realtor and Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.
Biography.
Murzin's father, a retired Navy captain and dentist, moved the family to Pensacola in 1978. Dave graduated from Tate High School and received an Associate of Arts Degree from Pensacola Junior College. He also received a Bachelor’s Degree in Political Science with a minor in Economics from the University of West Florida, and began work in educational leadership. He is pursuing a Master’s Degree in Educational Leadership. While working on his Bachelor’s Degree at UWF, Murzin was the Director of the Campus Alcohol and Drug Information Center. He also worked in the Student Activities Office and for the City of Pensacola. He has a son.
Murzin was elected to the State House in 2002 and worked on health care, energy, and tax reform. He is affiliated with the American Legislative Exchange Council's Telecommunications & Information Technology Task Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19652689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652689" title="2008–09 Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball team">
2008–09 Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Purdue Boilermakers men's basketball team represented Purdue University. The Head Coach was Matt Painter, then in his 4th season with the Boilers. The team played its home games in Mackey Arena in West Lafayette, Indiana, and is a member of the Big Ten Conference. The Boilermakers finished tied for second in the conference's regular season, and captured their first Big Ten Tournament crown, defeating Ohio State 65–61 in the final game. In the NCAA Tournament, the Boilers reached the Sweet Sixteen for the first time since 2000, where they fell to the Connecticut Huskies.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19652698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652698" title="Rajko Brežančić">
Rajko Brežančić

Rajko Brežančić (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајко Брежанчић; born 21 August 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Čukarički in the Serbian SuperLiga.
Club career.
Brežančić signed his first professional contract with Partizan on 1 June 2007, on a five-year deal. After that, he played for Teleoptik and Bežanija at loan. In January 2009, he returned to Partizan and made seven league appearances until the end of the 2008–09 season. He recorded three more during the first part of the 2009–10 season, before moving to Teleoptik once again in January 2010. Brežančić signed for Metalac Gornji Milanovac at the start of the 2010–11 season.
International career.
Brežančić was a member of the Serbian national under-21 team at the 2009 UEFA Under-21 Championship in Sweden, but did not play. He made his first appearance for the Under-21 side in a friendly match against Israel U21 on 27 August 2009. His second and last appearance for the team came on 26 May 2010, in another friendly match against Romania U21.

</doc>
<doc id="19652713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652713" title="Ja samo pjevam">
Ja samo pjevam

Ja samo pjevam (English: "I'm Only Singing") is the sixth album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 1999.
Track listing.
Sold copies: 50,000

</doc>
<doc id="19652767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652767" title="Zhenyuan Yi, Hani and Lahu Autonomous County">
Zhenyuan Yi, Hani and Lahu Autonomous County

Zhenyuan Yi, Hani and Lahu Autonomous County (镇沅彝族哈尼族拉祜族自治县; pinyin: Zhènyuán yízú hānízú lāhùzú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county under the jurisdiction of Pu'er Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.
Ethnic groups.
The "Zhenyuan County Almanac" (1995:74-79) lists the following ethnic groups and locations. All population statistics, given in parentheses, are as of 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19652797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652797" title="Nayagan (2008 film)">
Nayagan (2008 film)

Nayagan "(English: Hero)" is a 2008 Tamil language film released in India. It was directed by Saravana Sakthi
The film starred J. K. Rithish, Ramana, Keerthi Chawla and Sangeetha in the lead roles. It as subsequently dubbed into Telugu as "Ankusam". The film feature guest appearances in item numbers by Anita Hassanandani and Rachana Maurya. It is a direct remake of the movie Vegam, which was released in the previous year.Previous film Vegam didn't run well but this film was blockbuster at the box office.
Plot.
Dr. Sandhya (Sangeetha) is kidnapped from her home by a gang and taken to another location, where she is questioned about her husband's whereabouts. Though the phone in her room is smashed by the gang's leader (Anandraj), she manages to put together enough broken pieces to make random calls. One of her calls reaches Shakti (Ramana), who has his own set of problems since he is on the run after eloping with his uncle's daughter Divya. Initially reluctant, he agrees to help Sandhya and drops the phone off at a police station. The cop Guru (Riteesh) talks to her but is distracted by another problem and so Sandhya has to bank on Shakti again.
This is the remake of the film "Cellular" which came out in 2004
This is also a copy of the Tamil film "Vegam" in which Ashwin Sekhar acted which was flop.

</doc>
<doc id="19652808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652808" title="Valsø Holm">
Valsø Holm

Valsø Holm (31 December 1906 – 19 December 1987) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 80 films between 1937 and 1982.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19652814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652814" title="Allmend railway station">
Allmend railway station

Allmend is a request stop railway station in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the Swiss canton of Bern. The station is on the Wengernalpbahn (WAB), whose trains operate from Lauterbrunnen to Kleine Scheidegg via Wengen.
Downhill of the station, the line enters an avalanche gallery.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19652823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652823" title="Andreas Landmark">
Andreas Landmark

Andreas Landmark (14 April 1769 – 2 December 1839) was a Norwegian politician.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania to Nils Svensson and Karen Andersdatter Killerud. His brother was Nils Landmark. Contrary to some sources, he was not born with the name Landmark, but some of the children took the name as grown-ups.
He married Jacobine Caroline Wind (1733–1833). They had nine children, although at least one died young. One of their sons were Jens Landmark, known as a military officer and politician.
His wife, born in Borgund near Aalesund, was a distant relative of the brothers Peter Daniel Baade Wind Kildal and Peter Wessel Wind Kildal.
Career.
Andreas Landmark worked as a bailiff ("foged") in Søndmør.
In 1821 he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament, representing the constituency of Romsdals Amt. His brother Nils Landmark served during the same period.
Andreas Landmark died in 1839 in Ørsta.

</doc>
<doc id="19652834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652834" title="Monte Baldo">
Monte Baldo

Monte Baldo is a mountain in the Italian Alps, located in the provinces of Trentino and Verona. Its ridge spans mainly northeast-southwest, and is bounded from south by the highland ending at Caprino Veronese, from west by Lake Garda, from north by the valley joining Rovereto to Nago-Torbole and, from east, the Val d'Adige.
The name derives from the German Wald ("forest"); it appears for the first time in a German map in 1163.
The summit is reachable through a cable car from the nearby town of Malcesine, lying on the Lake Garda.
Morphology.
Mount Baldo is characterized by a geographical identity, a ridge parallel to Lake Garda, which stretches for , between the lake to the west and Val d'Adige to the east, and on the south it is bounded by plain Caprino and North Valley Loppio.
Mount Baldo reaches its maximum elevation of 2,218 m with the Valdritta, and its minimum elevation of 65 m on Lake Garda.

</doc>
<doc id="19652842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652842" title="Leonard Stokes">
Leonard Stokes

Leonard Aloysius Scott Stokes (1858 – 25 December 1925) was an English architect.
Leonard Stokes was born in Southport (then in Lancashire) in 1858. He trained in London and travelled in Germany and Italy. Most of his designs were for Roman Catholic buildings, including churches, convents and schools. His first outstanding work was the Church of St Clare, Liverpool. He also designed country houses and around 20 telephone exchanges. In 1919 he was awarded the Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects, having served as their president from 1910 to 1912. Sir Albert Edward Richardson, who later became President of the Royal Society, trained in his offices. 
He died in 1925 in Chelsea.

</doc>
<doc id="19652866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652866" title="Wengernalp railway station">
Wengernalp railway station

Wengernalp is a request stop railway station in the municipality of Lauterbrunnen in the Swiss canton of Bern. The station is on the Wengernalpbahn (WAB), whose trains operate from Lauterbrunnen to Kleine Scheidegg via Wengen. It takes its name from the alpine meadow of Wengernalp on which it is situated.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19652881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652881" title="James Williams (bishop)">
James Williams (bishop)

James William Williams (1825 – April 20, 1892) was a Canadian Church of England priest, bishop, and educator.
Born in Overton, Hampshire, England, the son of David Williams and Sarah Eliza, Williams graduated from Pembroke College, Oxford in 1851. He was ordained deacon in 1852 and received his ordination as a priest in 1855. Williams immigrated to Lower Canada in 1857 when he was appointed rector of the Lennoxville grammar school. In 1860, he was appointed a professor at Bishop's College, Lennoxville. In 1863, he was appointed fourth Bishop of Quebec. His son, the Rt Revd Lennox, was later sixth Bishop of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19652901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652901" title="Deem City, Florida">
Deem City, Florida

Deem City is an unincorporated community in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. It is located about northwest of Weston on U.S. Route 27, near the Palm Beach/Broward county line.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="19652904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652904" title="Alpiglen railway station">
Alpiglen railway station

Alpiglen is a request stop railway station in the municipality of Grindelwald in the Swiss canton of Bern. The station is served by the Wengernalpbahn (WAB), whose trains operate from Grindelwald to Kleine Scheidegg. It takes its name from the nearby settlement of Alpiglen.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19652905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652905" title="1894 in India">
1894 in India

Events in the year 1894 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652912" title="Mbulelo Sogoni">
Mbulelo Sogoni

Mbulelo Sogoni (born 16 January 1966) is a South African politician. A member of the African National Congress (ANC), Sogoni has been the Premier of the Eastern Cape since 31 July 2008 when he replaced Nosimo Balindlela. Sogoni entered politics in the trade union movement during apartheid in South Africa and unsuccessfully lobbied for Thabo Mbeki to remain President of the ANC during the 2007 National Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="19652913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652913" title="Peter Wilson Raffan">
Peter Wilson Raffan

Peter Wilson Raffan (1863 – June 23, 1940) was a British Liberal politician. 
Raffan came from Newbridge, Monmouthshire, and in 1910 was chairman of the Monmouthshire County Council. When a general election was called in January 1910, P W Raffan was selected as Liberal candidate for Leigh in south Lancashire. John Brunner, the sitting Liberal member of parliament, had chosen to stand in Northwich.
The constituency contained a large number of coalminers, and Raffan was opposed not only by the Conservatives, but by Thomas Greenall of the Labour Party, who was a leader of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation. Leigh was one of the few seats where Labour and Liberals ran against each other. Raffan won the seat easily. In the Commons Raffan became secretary of the Land Values Group who sought reform in property taxation. He supported women's suffrage, disestablishment of the Church in Wales and the temperance movement.
At the 1918 general election Raffan was re-elected at Leigh as a Liberal and received the "coupon" despite being an opponent of the Coalition Government. At the 1922 election he stood unsuccessfully for election as a Liberal at Ayr Burghs.
At the succeeding 1923 general election he successfully contested Edinburgh North for the Liberals, unseating the Unionist MP, Patrick Johnstone Ford. He only held the seat for one year, with Ford regaining the seat in the 1924 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19652914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652914" title="Lupus-TR-3">
Lupus-TR-3

Lupus-TR-3 is a dim magnitude 17 K-type main sequence star approximately 8,950 light-years distant in the constellation of Lupus.
Planetary system.
Lupus-TR-3 b is an exoplanet discovered in 2007 by personnel from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics using the transit method. It has four-fifths the mass of Jupiter, nine-tenths the radius, and has density of 1.4 g/cm³. This planet is a typical "hot Jupiter" as it orbits at 0.0464 AU distance from the star, taking 3.9 days to orbit. It is currently the faintest ground-based detection of a transiting planet.

</doc>
<doc id="19652938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652938" title="The Army of the Republic">
The Army of the Republic

The Army of the Republic, by Stuart Archer Cohen, is a book is set in a near-future United States where economic collapse and a one-party "democracy" has spawned a violent backlash.
The book centers around Lando, a Seattle urban guerrilla devoted to violent resistance, Emily, a political organizer in Seattle, and James Sands, a billionaire and government crony. Against this backdrop of mass politics and corporate armies, though, the book can be seen as an allegorical tale about a family at war with itself, too obsessed with status or with redemption to notice the abyss they're heading for.
Cohen draws heavily on his knowledge of South American revolutionary movements such as the Montoneros and the People's Revolutionary Army groups active in the 1970s. The book explores the full spectrum of citizen power, ranging from established methods such as ballot initiatives to civil disobedience to violent rebellion, carefully tracking the results of each method, and how they interact. The book also features two major demonstrations, the first of which was based on the 1999 WTO protests that became known as The Battle of Seattle.
Critics have called the book "brilliant, terrifying... too close for comfort" and "Thomas Paine meets Rage Against the Machine"

</doc>
<doc id="19652947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652947" title="Brandegg railway station">
Brandegg railway station

Brandegg is a request stop railway station in the municipality of Grindelwald in the Swiss canton of Bern. The station is served by the Wengernalpbahn (WAB), whose trains operate from Grindelwald to Kleine Scheidegg.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19652960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652960" title="1895 in India">
1895 in India

Events in the year 1895 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19652962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652962" title="Dmitri Godunok">
Dmitri Godunok

Dmitri Vladimirovich Godunok () (born January 4, 1976 in Volzhsky, Volgograd Oblast) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Akademiya Togliatti.

</doc>
<doc id="19652965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652965" title="List of Washington Nationals Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Washington Nationals Opening Day starting pitchers

The Washington Nationals are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Washington, D.C.. They play in the National League East division. The team was known as the Montreal Expos from 1969 to 2004. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Nationals have used five different Opening Day starting pitchers in their eight seasons. The five starters have a combined Opening Day record of zero wins, 6 losses and 2 no decision. No decisions are awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game, or if the starting pitcher does not pitch at least five innings with the lead. The overall Opening Day record of the team is 2–6.
Liván Hernández holds the team record for most Opening Day starts with a record of 0–3. He also pitched one Opening Day start for the Montreal Expos, in which he received a no-decision. Hernandez is the only pitcher to make an Opening Day start for both the Expos and the Nationals.
As the Washington Nationals, the team played their home games at Robert F. Kennedy Stadium from 2005 to 2007; their only home opener there was a 9–2 loss in 2007 by starter John Patterson. Nationals Park is the team's current field, and it was the site of the team's 2008 season opener, with starting pitcher Odalis Pérez on the mound in a game that the Nationals won 3–2 over the visiting Atlanta Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="19652968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652968" title="Zakk Tyler">
Zakk Tyler

Zakk Tyler (born Dominic Joseph Zaccagnini) is an American broadcaster for WLUP-FM in Chicago and Sports Director for Merlin Media.
Radio career.
Upon graduation from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (1990) he began his career in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (WRRK) and later in Louisville, Kentucky (WTFX-FM), Memphis, Tennessee (WMFS) and then in Greenville, South Carolina (WTPT) as both the station program director and morning show host. He then moved to San Francisco to rock radio network (KSJO) that was also broadcast to San Jose-Monterey-Contra Costa, California and the show was also distributed to company owned stations in Nashville, Tennessee and Greenville, South Carolina. In Chicago, the show aired afternoon drive on WLUP. Zakk hosted NFL Chicago Bears pregame show with Lou Canellis and was also a frequent guest on sports television show, "Sports Page". The "Zakk Tyler Show" aired at morning drivetime at WZGC (also known as "Dave-FM") in Atlanta, where Zakk was also the pre-game and post-game host for the NFL Atlanta Falcons which aired on over 30 stations throughout the Southeast and Midwest.
Zakk (Dominic Zaccagnini) hosted a nationally syndicated sports show with former NFL quarterback Jack Trudeau ("Zakk and Jack") from 2010 to 2012 that was carried throughout the Fox Sports Radio Network. In 2012, Zakk returned to WLUP in Chicago as an on-air personality and sports director for Merlin Media.
Acting.
Tyler appeared as himself in the Black Sabbath documentary "We Sold Our Soul for Rock ‘n Roll" (2001). Zakk was credited as special consultant for episode 204 of the VH-1 sitcom Free Radio (2009) as storylines were based on his past radio experiences.
Current roles.
Zakk is a radio personality for WLUP in Chicago and is also sports director for Merlin Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19652978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652978" title="Grindelwald Grund railway station">
Grindelwald Grund railway station

Grindelwald Grund is a railway station in the village and municipality of Grindelwald in the Swiss canton of Bern. The station is served by the Wengernalpbahn (WAB), whose trains operate from Grindelwald to Kleine Scheidegg. It takes its name from the Grund area of the village, in which it is located.
WAB trains commence their journey at Grindelwald station, where they connect with trains of the Berner Oberland Bahn from Interlaken, and initially descend steeply to Grindelwald Grund station. At Grindelwald Grund they reverse and commence their ascent to Kleine Scheidegg, entering and leaving the station by its southern end. Depots and workshops are situated at both ends of the station.
The station is served by the following passenger trains:
The station is surrounded by extensive car parking, and is the principal starting point of a journey to Kleine Scheidegg, and onward to the Jungfraujoch, for passengers arriving in Grindelwald by car. It is also the connection to the Grindelwald–Männlichen gondola cableway.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19652982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652982" title="Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf">
Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf

Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf (Floridsdorf locomotive factory) was an Austrian locomotive works founded on 6 September 1869 that achieved a pre-eminent place amongst European locomotive builders thanks to the quality and diversity of its designs. 
Common abbreviations for the company include Flor, WLF ("Wiener Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf") and LOFAG ("Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf AG").
Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf was the third factory of its type to emerge in Austria following the Lokomotivfabrik der Staatseisenbahngesellschaft ("StEG", Vienna) and that of Georg Sigl, the "Wiener Neustädter Lokomotivfabrik", both based in Vienna.
History.
The site of the factory, which was founded in 1869, was a piece of open land in Floridsdorf near Vienna between the North railway and the Northwest railway. The generously scaled factory site was erected in 1870/71 by Bernhard Demmer – previously technical director with the "StEG". In addition to the buildings needed for production and management, seven workers blocks were built with 117 flats.
Even whilst the factory was being built the company's management were busy looking for business and so, as early as 10 June 1871, the first locomotive, the "HUMBOLDT" was handed over to its owners, the "ÖNWB".
In 1881 the first rack locomotive was designed and built. Its customer was the industrial railway of a Hungarian steelworks. This engine was designed as a narrow gauge locomotive (790 mm rail gauge). Because they were the only licence holders for the Abt rack system in the Danube monarchy, orders for locomotives for the "Erzbergbahn" and the Bosnia-Hercegovina State Railways (760mm gauge) went to Floridsdorf.
After the military ('Railway Bureau of the General Staff' or "Eisenbahnbureau des Generalstabs") had given the go ahead for the electrification of railway lines, the first electric locomotives were built in 1911 for normal rail services.
Like the overall economic situation, orders for locomotives ebbed and flowed. For example, after the crash of the Vienna stock market in 1873 only seven locomotives were sold. The numbers of employees rose and fell correspondingly. In lean years there were fewer than 1,000 workers, whilst in good years over 1,500 personnel were employed. During the Second World War the number of workers climbed to 8,000. 
Because a large number of customers were lost after the end of the First World War, company policy had to change. General inspections of steam locomotives were carried out for the Austrian Federal Railways and, from 1922, steam rollers were produced, followed in 1926 by static boiler systems. The construction of industrial facilities was also taken on.
In 1924/1925 former Russian goods train locomotives were converted from broad gauge to standard gauge on behalf of the Polish State Railways and general inspections were carried out.
Of the four locomotive factories in Austria's history during the inter-war years - the others being the "StEG" in Vienna, Krauss & Co in Linz, "Lokomotivfabrik Wiener Neustadt" (formerly "G. Sigl" - only the Floridsdorf locomotive works survived. 
During the Second World War the factory suffered from heavy bombing raids, but was able to continue production. It produced mainly steam locomotives of the DRB Class 52: over 1,172 units for the Deutsche Reichsbahn and 20 for the Rumanian CFR (where it was classified as the CFR 150), the highest production figures of all locomotive works involved in the manufacture of the Class 52!
From spring 1944, production was switched to the DRB Class 42 and on 13 June 1944, number 42 2301 was handed over to the Reichsbahn. The last and 2,115th, engine built during the war, number 42 2580, left the factory on 9 March 1945.
In mid-April 1945, after the end of the fighting in Vienna, a large part of the factory was dismantled and transported to the Soviet Union. In addition to machinery, raw materials were also spirited away, reportedly 800 wagon loads. In spite of that, at the end of October the first locomotive built after the war, a D 42, stood in front of the factory shed. In addition to the construction of new locomotives, the general inspection of "ÖStB" locomotives was the main task of the factory due to the destruction of the neighbouring main repair shop at Floridsdorf.
In 1946 the Soviet occupying forces placed the management of the Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf under the "USIA" - an organisation that managed 'Soviet property' in Austria. At the same time the factory was to be transferred to the ownership of the Austrian Republic under the nationalisation law passed on 26 July 1946. This law could not be fully enacted in the Soviet-occupied areas however until the conclusion of negotiations over the Austrian state treaty in 1955.
During its time as a USIA operation, only a few locomotives were built, but the firm manufactured of central heating boilers, cable winches and undercarriages for railway cranes . Not until 1953 was locomotive construction started up again. Initially 99 replacement boilers were delivered to India, then 140 locomotives (60 WG, 30 WP and 50 YG locomotives) were built up to 1958.
On the transfer of the Floridsdorf locomotive works to the Austrian government on 13 August 1955 the nationalisation law of 1945 finally came into effect.
The main products in the time to 1955 were diesel locomotives for home and abroad, including some for Czechoslovakia. Nevertheless the numbers reduced, which gave the appearance of lower productivity, whereas in fact bogies were being produced as sub-orders for Henschel and the Simmering-Graz-Pauker factory in Simmering. 158 bogies were ordered for railcars on the electric high-speed line from Cairo – Heluan in Egypt.
On 14 February 1958 the merger of the Floridsdorf Lokomotivfabrik with the Simmering-Graz-Pauker AG was completed, which spelt the end of Floridsdorf's existence as an independent company.
There was a large order of 50 diesel locomotives for the Bulgarian State Railways, but overall the books were empty. The production of tank wagons was simply an emergency measure.
On 19 September 1969 the last of 6,043 Floridsdorf locomotives was handed over to the ÖBB, a 1042.540 electric locomotive.
Shortly before the closure of all the facilities in the 1980s, there were discussions about establishing an Austrian transport museum on the site of the locomotive works in the buildings, which were largely still in good condition. However they came to nought and today the factory is no longer there. In its place, in addition to various small firms, are a DIY store and furniture shops, part of "Shopping City Nord". One last relict is an obelisk that commemorates the victims of the Nazi regime who were employees at the factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19652987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652987" title="Temljine">
Temljine

Temljine is a settlement in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19652990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19652990" title="Barry Irwin">
Barry Irwin

Barry Howard Irwin (born on April 21, 1943 in Long Beach, California) is the owner of the Thoroughbred horse racing stable of Team Valor International in Versailles, Kentucky. He is the owner and breeder of the 2011 Kentucky Derby winner, Animal Kingdom, and the Breeders' Cup winner Pluck.
Career.
Interested in racehorses from a very early age, 1969 Irwin became a staff writer for "The Blood-Horse" magazine in Kentucky. Over the next decade, he also worked as the editor of "The Thoroughbred of California", and was a syndicated columnist for southern California in "The Daily Racing Form". He hosted a twice-weekly, two-hour radio program, as well as a weekly, one-hour television show. Irwin left the Form at the close of the 1978 Del Mar meet to become a bloodstock agent. For the next decade, Irwin bred, raced, syndicated, bought, and sold several hundred horses, including It's the One, African Sky, Moscow Ballet and Torsion. 
In 1988 Irwin founded Clover Racing Stable, which became Team Valor when a partner in Clover Racing opted out. In 2007 Barry Irwin bought out long-time partner and friend Jeff Siegel and became the sole proprietor of the stable. At that time, because of the changing focus toward foreign racing and foreign thoroughbred acquisitions, Irwin changed the name of the stable to Team Valor International.
The nickname given him by some friends has stuck and Barry Irwin is known among his clients as “B Eye,” using his initials to refer to his uncanny ability that has gained him “legendary” status in ferreting out talent from some of the most unlikely venues the world has to offer.
In 2002, Irwin had his story about his favorite racehorse, Swaps, published by Eclipse Press as part of its biographical series of racehorses.
In 2004, 2005 and 2006, Irwin purchased yearling horses at public auction which later went on to win Grade 1 races.
Irwin was a founding director with the equine-related charity "Race for Education," which raises money to provide college scholarships to the offspring of backstretch and farm workers. One percent of the purse money earned by Team Valor horses (with a matching amount from Irwin) went to the Race for Education to provide these much-needed scholarships. In 2006, Irwin became the organization’s inaugural recipient of the “Valedictorian Award.” His participation with this charity spanned from its founding through 2009.
In 2010, Irwin's horse Pluck, which he bred from a South African mare he had earlier imported, won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf.
In 2011, Irwin's horse, Animal Kingdom, which he bred from a German mare he had earlier imported, won the 137th Kentucky Derby. The Derby winner's sire, the Braziliant-bred horse Leroidesanimaux, had earlier been purchased for stud duty by Barry Irwin on behalf of a Kentucky breeding farm.
In 2013, Irwin's horse, Animal Kingdom, won the world's richest horserace - the $10-million Dubai World Cup, which is held annually in late March in the United Arab Emirates.
Personal life.
Barry Irwin lives in Versailles with his wife Kathleen. He also has a daughter, Chloë. Barry Irwin is an avid collector of Art, being particularly interested in works of Racing and Sporting Art, such as those by Raoul Dufy and Lee Townsend. 

</doc>
<doc id="19653002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653002" title="Hassan Fadil">
Hassan Fadil

Hassan Fadil (born 3 February 1963 in Fes) is a Moroccan footballer. He played for Raja Beni Mellal, RCD Mallorca and CD Málaga in his professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="19653009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653009" title="Bain Commercial Building">
Bain Commercial Building

The Bain Commercial Building is located at the corner of Church and West Main (NY 9D) streets in Wappingers Falls, New York, United States. It is a late 19th-century brick building that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It is the only intact Second Empire-style building from that period in the village. It is also one of the few historic structures in the portion of the village west of Wappinger Creek in the Town of Poughkeepsie that was once known as Channingville before it merged with Wappingers Falls in 1871. It has not been altered significantly since its construction and continues in use as multiple-dwelling residences above and business space at street level.
Building.
The Bain building is a two-story five-by-five bay structure with the Second Empire's signature mansard roof, surfaced in polychrome slate. Its foundation is built into surface that slopes toward the creek, requiring steps to access the building through its front facade, where a central entry to the upper floors is flanked by separate, three-part storefronts themselves consisting of doors flanked by large bay windows.
The roofline is decorated with a bracketed and panelled cornice, echoed in smaller, less ornate scale above the storefronts. The five windows on the second story give way to three dormer windows on the roof, pierced by chimneys at the center of the north and south elevations. Cast iron columns support the structure where the facade elements intersect.
To better facilitate the building's conversion into apartments, wooden stairs and sheds have been added to the back. One original shed that remains is considered a contributing outbuilding.
History.
The Bain family is believed by most of Wappingers Falls to have built the building in 1875, shortly after Channingville became part of the village. It was both their residence and their place of business, with the possibility of rental income from the other storefront.
In the 20th century, after the village's industries declined, the upper residences were converted into apartments and the appropriate modifications made to the building by the Bain descendants who still owned the property. That mix of uses continues today, with one of the storefronts home to a coffee shop.
Aesthetics.
Detached Second Empire commercial buildings are not common in urban or suburban settings; the Bain building's development as such testifies to the minimal development of the Channingville area, particularly as it is some distance from the creek and the village's downtown. Its detachment made possible the more sophisticated applications of the style, such as the roofline, skewed upper window placement and polychrome slate roof.

</doc>
<doc id="19653016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653016" title="Artaphernes (son of Artaphernes)">
Artaphernes (son of Artaphernes)

Artaphernes, son of Artaphernes, was the nephew of Darius the Great, and a general of the Achaemenid Empire.
He was appointed, together with Datis, to take command of the expedition sent by Darius to punish Athens and Eretria for their support for the Ionian Revolt. Artaphernes and Datis besieged and destroyed Eretria, but were beaten by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC. Ten years later, Artaphernes is recorded as being in command of the Lydians and Mysians.

</doc>
<doc id="19653020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653020" title="Vitol SA v Norelf Ltd">
Vitol SA v Norelf Ltd

Vitol SA v. Norelf Ltd or The Santa Clara) A.C. 800; [1996 3 W.L.R. 105; 3 All E.R. 193, is an English contract law case about the effect of non-performance in accepting a contracting partner's repudiatory breach of contract.
Facts.
Norelf Ltd contracted to sell a cargo of propane to Vitol SA in 1991. The propane market had been very volatile. The cargo was being shipped (on the "Santa Clara") from Houston, U.S. It was meant to leave before March 7. On March 8, while it was still being loaded, Vitol sent a telex to Norelf saying it did not wish the contract to continue because it was not going to arrive on time (i.e. Vitol repudiated the contract). The ship was loaded, and it sailed on March 9. The price of the cargo fell. Neither side did anything further to perform the contract. Norelf sold the cargo at a loss, and then claimed damages ($950,000) from Vitol for breach of contract.
The arbitrator held that Vitol's telex was an anticipatory breach of contract, but Norelf's failure to take further steps to perform the contract was sufficient communication to Vitol that they had accepted the repudiation. Vitol's appeal was dismissed in the High Court by Phillips J. But it succeeded in the Court of Appeal, who held that a mere failure to perform contractual obligations could not constitute acceptance of the repudiation. Norelf appealed to the House of Lords.
Judgment.
Lord Steyn (with whom Lord Mackay of Clashfern, L.C., Lord Griffiths, Lord Nolan and Lord Hoffmann concurred) allowed Norelf's appeal.
In some circumstances an innocent party may simply fail to perform his obligations under a repudiated contract, and that was enough to accept the repudiation. So communication (orally or written) was not always necessary. The question was whether the innocent party's conduct did convey, unequivocally, that he was treating the contract as repudiated. A failure could be unequivocal.
Because Norelf was the respondent, in a defensive position, the Court of Appeal had been wrong to say that Norelf required to seek a certificate under the Arbitration Act 1979, s.1(7) before being allowed to argue that the award was sustainable on alternative grounds.
Lord Steyn read the following.

</doc>
<doc id="19653023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653023" title="1904 in India">
1904 in India

Events in the year 1904 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19653033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653033" title="Will Davies (rugby player)">
Will Davies (rugby player)

Will 'Sgili' Davies (14 February 1906 - 5 October 1975) was a Wales international rugby union player who played club rugby for Swansea. He won four caps for Wales and was part of the Welsh side that faced the touring South Africans in 1931.
Davies, known more commonly as 'Sgili', was originally a rugby scrum-half and centre, before moving into the forward, and eventually settling as a flanker. He faced the South Africans twice during their 1931 tour of Britain, once with Wales and once with Swansea. In the Swansea game, Davies set up his team's only score when he snapped up a loose ball, that broke loose after a South African tackle. He punted the ball forward for Claude Davey to beat the covering Springbok players to collect it and score a try.
International rugby.
Davies was first selected for Wales to face the South Africans in 1931 and although Wales lost the match 8-3, Davies scored the only Welsh points with a try. Davies showed considerable skill and maturity in a debut game when he timed his move on a loose ball to pick the correct bounce to kick the ball forward and then successfully chase it over the line. Davies was back in the 1932 Home Nations Championship and was chosen to play against England at St Helens. Under the captaincy of Jack Bassett, Wales won the game 12-5, and three weeks later was chosen to face Scotland. His final game for Wales was against Ireland in a Championship decider that was lost when the normally dependable Jack Bassett missed the game's final conversion.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19653045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653045" title="2002 AFC Futsal Championship">
2002 AFC Futsal Championship

The 2002 AFC Futsal Championship was held in Jakarta, Indonesia from 22 October to 30 October 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19653064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653064" title="Clipping the church">
Clipping the church

Clipping the church is an ancient custom that is traditionally held on Easter Monday or Shrove Tuesday in the United Kingdom. The word "clipping" is Anglo-Saxon in origin, and is derived from the word ""clyppan"", meaning "embrace" or "clasp". "Clipping the church" involves either the church congregation or local children holding hands in an outward-facing ring around the church. Once the circle is completed onlookers will often cheer and sometimes hymns are sung. Often there is dancing. Following the ceremony a sermon is delivered in the church and there are sometimes refreshments. Currently, there are only a few churches left in England that hold this ceremony.
History.
Little is known about the history of clipping, though it is said to have originated as a Pagan custom. It is thought to have been revived in the 19th century, when the earliest known mention of it was described in "The Every-day Book" (Hone, 1825); "L.S." describes the ceremony as a memory of his childhood. It was a custom in several parishes in the Midlands, having died out in various places in the 19th century, but was performed widely across the country, from Yorkshire to Wiltshire and Derbyshire, as well as Birmingham, Somerset and Shropshire. It was revived at St. Peter's Church, Edgmond, Shropshire in 1867, and continues there to the present day. St. Mary's Church in Painswick in Gloucestershire is one of a few other churches that perform this custom, on a Shrove Tuesday, and today it is performed by children. Other churches that hold similar ceremonies include Burbage Parish Church, St Mary's Church, Wirksworth, and Guiseley Parish Church.
At St Peter’s Church in Tankersley, Barnsley in the diocese of Sheffield the service of Cyppings is held annually on the second Sunday following St Peter’s day (29th June). Yeclepping is an ancient term meaning ‘embracing’. It is thought to have originated from pagan times but Christians quite wisely have adopted this tradition to show their love for their church and the surrounding people
There are not many parishes that honour this ancient custom and all of them appear to honour it on a different day. It would appear that that some parishes observe this tradition on around the time of their Patronal festival and at St Peter’s; in Tankersley the Rector revived the tradition. The feast is celebrated on the 2nd Sunday following St Peter’s day (29th June). The reason for this is not far to seek. When the new ‘Kalendar’ was changed, by omitting 11 days, the good people of Tankersley neglected (or did they refuse) to change the time honoured day of their festival. Another important fact was that in the year of 1800, it was not considered a leap year and this interjected another day.
At Tankersley, there is a service held in the parish church followed by the congregation trouping out to form a ring around the church, They sing a Hymn played by a Trumpeter and in the case of St Peters’ of Tankersley it is the hymn ‘We Love thy place o God’. A prayer is then said with the congregation facing the church and then the congregation all face outwards to the world where they pray for the wider community and the world.
Tankersley Church is built on foundations of an earlier place of worship which goes back to Saxon times. (indeed the battle of Tankersley Moor (in Oliver Cromwell’s days) was fought in this area and a cannonball from this battle is on show in the church. There is also a mention of a |Rector of Tankersley in the Domesday Book.
St Andrew's Church, Wissett have revived the tradition of Clipping since about 1995. When the church is fully embraced, people from Wissett and the wider benefice sing "Lord of the Dance". The church is clipped annually on Shrove Tuesday and this is followed by a serving of cordon bleu pancakes in the village hall. It is an ecumenical occasion and involves musical accompaniment from a Salvation Army band.
At the Church of St Lawrence at Rode, Somerset the circle face inwards dancing left and right before rushing towards the church with a cheer.

</doc>
<doc id="19653070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653070" title="Von G. Keetch">
Von G. Keetch

Von G. Keetch (born March 17, 1960) is a Utah based lawyer. He is a shareholder in the law firm of Kirton & McConkie and a member of the firm's Constitutional, Religious and Appellate Practice section. He has defended land use rights of religious groups against state regulations, and has argued against liability of religious groups for crimes committed by their members.
Keetch has served as a member of Utah's Appellate Court Nominating Commission, a position to which he was appointed by former Governor Jon Huntsman, Jr..
Keetch, along with Matthew K. Richards, co-wrote "The Need for Legislation to enshrine religious liberty in the Land Use Context". This is one of the leading works cited by religious freedom advocacy groups such as the Becket Fund.
Keetch along with Alexander Dushku, also of Kirton & McConkie, have filed many cases related to the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. In 2007 they presented an amicus curiae brief to the United States Supreme Court in behalf of a large coalition of religious organizations in defense of a broad interpretation of burdening of religious freedom.
Education and training.
Keetch holds a bachelors degree from Brigham Young University (BYU) and a law degree from the university's J. Reuben Clark Law School. He was the managing editor of the BYU Law Review from 1986-1987 and has been an adjunct professor at BYU. Keetch served as a clerk to Chief Justice Warren Burger and Associate Justice Antonin Scalia of the Supreme Court of the United States.
Representing the LDS Church.
Keetch has represented The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in cases involving suits over sexual molestation of one member towards another. He has also been involved in several other lawsuits along these lines related to questions of clerical reporting and responsibility. In another case in Washington, Keetch was the church's lawyer in a case where the church was sued because a bishop had failed to report accusations of sexual abuse by a girl in his ward, yet Washington law does not require clergy to report such allegations. In 2010 Keetch responded to Marci Hamilton's claims that the LDS response to child sexual abuse was on the same level of the Catholic Church. Keetch pointed out the help-line to aid bishops in dealing with abuse, and various other polices and actions the Church took on the matter.
Keetch has also made statements for the church in regard to the Boy Scouts of America. Keetch was one of the lawyers involved in the LDS Church's attempts to overcome the overbearing zoning restrictions in West Linn, Oregon. Keetch filed the amicus briefs in early 2013 for the church in favor of both California Proposition 8 and the Defense of Marriage Act being upheld by the United States Supreme Court as constitutional.
Keetch also served as the LDS Church's lawyer in litigation related to the Main Street Plaza case. He was also involved in the church's 2006 settlement with the ACLU over issues at Martin's Cove in Wyoming.
As a member of the LDS Church, Keetch has served in positions of lay leadership in the church, including serving as president of the BYU 14th Stake (from 2002-2009) and since 2009 as an area seventy.

</doc>
<doc id="19653073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653073" title="1888 in India">
1888 in India

Events in the year 1888 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19653135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653135" title="Stewart Judah">
Stewart Judah

History.
Stewart Judah (February 16, 1893 - June 11, 1966) began a career in magic in 1920. By 1938 he was selected as one of the 10 best living card magicians.
Named one of the "Card Stars" in Hilliard's Greater Magic and featured in Pallbearer's Review. He contributed effects to many magazines including Jinx, Phoenix, New Phoenix, Talisman and Linking Ring.
One of his marketed effects was the "The Keys of Judah".
Each year, International Brotherhood of Magicians Ring 71 holds a yearly picnic combined with the local Society of American Magicians, featuring the time-honored John Braun/Stewart Judah contest.

</doc>
<doc id="19653146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653146" title="Halves (band)">
Halves (band)

Halves are an ambient/alternative/electronic band based in Dublin, Ireland.
They are composed of Brian Cash and brothers Tim and Elis Czerniak, with additional live member Margie Lewis.
Formation.
Halves were formed when Dave (Scanlon - original member), Brian and Tim sat down together and listed bands & composers they admired. They decided on the band's image, including their website & artwork and the visuals of their live shows and had “a very clear manifesto about the kind of sound we wanted and the kind of thing we wanted to do, which not many bands in this country Ireland were doing”. Elis joined soon after and work began on their debut release.
Recordings.
The band have released two EPs; the self-titled "Halves" and 2008's seven-track "Haunt Me When I'm Drowsy". These were followed by a single - "Blood Branches" in March 2009 on a split 7" with fellow Dublin band Subplots.
In 2010 their debut album 'It Goes, It Goes (Forever & Ever)' was released to critical acclaim. The album was released in the UK and mainland Europe on the 4th of July 2011. Recorded in the legendary "Hotel2Tango" studios in Montreal (housed in a former alarm factory beside a freight railroad) and tracked over two sunny weeks in August 2009, the record was created with the use of the studio’s vast collection of antique instruments, amps, organs, effects (most of which date from the 1930s). Eleven songs were recorded live, in one large room on 2″ reel-to-reel tape by "Efrim Menuck" ("Godspeed You! Black Emperor"), "Howard Bilerman", and Radwan Moumneh. Guest performers on the record include: "Amy Millan" ("Stars"/"Broken Social Scene"), Katie Kim, Phil Boughton (Subplots), Canadian harpist Elaine Kelly-Canning (Carnival Moon), Irish Chamber brass and string players and twenty-seven members of the Kilkenny Ladie's choir.'It Goes, It Goes (Forever & Ever)' was shortlisted for the Choice Music Prize for Irish Album of the Year 2010.
Live.
Halves have played Oxegen 2008 and Electric Picnic 2008 as well as "Hard Working Class Heroes", IMRO Showcase Tour and the "London Calling" showcase in London, England. In 2009 Halves made their debut TV performance, topping the viewers choice poll on RTÉ's 'Other Voices' series. They have supported "British Sea Power", "65daysofstatic", "Low", "Amiina", "This Will Destroy You", "The Middle East" & "Mercury Rev". Their 2008 appearance at "Eurosonic Festival" in Holland was their first outside Ireland and they have since travelled twice to Toronto to play at Canadian Music Week and Texas for SXSW. Other festival outings include "Kilkenny Arts Festival" Kilkenny in 2010 and "The Great Escape" Brighton, England in 2011
The band are known for switching between a wide range of instruments while performing - including Electric Guitars, dulcimer, Drum Kit, Piano, vocoder, Synth, laptop, Accordion, Clarinet, Flugelhorn, Trombone and various effects. Stunning pre-programmed and live visuals can be seen at their live shows performed by the group Slipdraft, whose members are Sam Boles, Daniel Staines and Cormac Murray. The band's live sound engineer is Ciaran Mangan who also recorded their live album.
In April 2012 the band released a live album ('Live At The Unitarian Church') to celebrate Record Store Day 2012. The band has announced that their second studio album 'Boa Howl' will be released in July 2013.
Awards.
Choice Music Prize.
It Goes, It Goes (Forever & Ever) was nominated for the Choice Music Prize in 2011 and the band performed two songs live at the awards in Dublin's Vicar Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19653159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653159" title="Basile Petros IV Avkadian">
Basile Petros IV Avkadian

Basile Petros IV Avkadian (in Armenian Բարսեղ Պետրոս Դ. Աւգատեան ) was an Armenian Catholic Patriarch from Aleppo, Syria from 1780 until 1788. He started as part of the St. Antonin Order. He served the three previous Armenian Catholic patriarchs Abraham Petros I Ardzivian, Jacob Petros II Hovsepian and Michael Petros III Kasparian for forty years before being elected patriarch in 1780. It was said of him that ""never took off his monachal garment when he was bishop and Catholicos"".

</doc>
<doc id="19653169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653169" title="FamilyFun">
FamilyFun

FamilyFun is a family magazine published 10 times annually by Meredith Corporation. Launched in 1991 by Jake Winebaum, the magazine is written for parents with children aged 3 to 12, and focuses on family cooking, vacations, parties, holidays, crafts, and learning. The magazine was purchased by Disney Publishing Worldwide in 1992 and Meredith acquired "FamilyFun" from Disney in 2012. Disney Interactive relaunched its FamilyFun.go.com site as Spoonful.com in 2012. FamilyFun is now part of the Parents.com network and can be found at http://www.familyfunmag.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19653185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653185" title="Gold (band)">
Gold (band)

Gold is a French music band from Toulouse which enjoyed considerable success in the Francophone world in the 1980s.
History.
Gold was originally composed of five musicians : Lucien Crémadès (guitar, vocals), Alain Llorca (bass, vocals), Bernard Mazauric (keyboards), Etienne Salvador (drums) and lead singer/guitarist Emile Wandelmer.
The group first rose to prominence with the 1985 release of "Plus près des étoiles", and continued to impact on the French pop charts with songs including "Capitaine abandonné", "Ville de lumière" and "Laissez-nous chanter". Wandelmer left the group in 1990, going on to join Images eight years later, although the remaining members of Gold continued recording.
Gold is one of the only French groups to have made France's SNEP top ten five times between 1985 and 1987.
Awards.
In November 1986, the band were named 'Best Newcomer' at the annual Victoires de la musique ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="19653186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653186" title="Case (name)">
Case (name)

Case is a name, usually a surname but sometimes a given name, and may refer to:
Given name.
Case is sometimes derived from the Dutch given name "Kees", or from the Irish given name "Casey".

</doc>
<doc id="19653190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653190" title="Archie Alemania">
Archie Alemania

Archie Alemania (born 1978) is a Filipino actor, host, comedian and dancer.
Early life.
Alemania has appeared in several television commercials such as Chippy, San Miguel, Globe and Pop Cola. He is a talent of ABS-CBN and a member of Big Brother's Dance Group, Big Men Dance Group, and the Big Men Singers. At present, Archie is into sitcom, honing his talents as an actor.
Alemania has also been a host from 2004-2007 for Studio23's weekly info-tainment show and gag showWazzup Wazzup with fellow hosts Toni Gonzaga and Vhong Navarro
Alemania is former QTV 11 mainstay for his defunct gag-show, "I Laugh Sabado".
Personal life.
He has a son with wife Mickey Ferriols named Brent Marcus Alemania.
Currently he is cast in Hiyas an ABS-CBN noontime drama.

</doc>
<doc id="19653203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653203" title="Fake food">
Fake food

Fake foods are made from various types of plastics, resins and materials to replicate the appearance of real foods. 
There are various names for fake food including: pretend food, wax food, artificial food, faux food, replica food, imitation food, food replicas, false foods, food fakes and simulated food.
History.
Modern times saw increased use of fake food. During the early Shōwa period, following Japan’s surrender ending World War II, Americans and Europeans traveled to Japan to help with the rebuilding efforts. Foreign travelers had difficulties reading Japanese menus, so Japanese artisans and candle makers quickly developed plates of wax foods for restaurants that made it easy for foreigners to order something that looked good. Paraffin was used to create fake food until the mid-1980s; because its colors faded when exposed to heat or sunlight, manufacturers later switched to vinyl chloride, which is "nearly eternal."
Modern use.
Fake foods are used in many ways, such as props for backgrounds in movies, television shows, theatrical plays, television commercials, print ads and trade shows. Fake foods are also used to display lifelike replicas of real foods for restaurants, grocery chains, museums, banquet halls, casino buffets, cruise ships and in many other instances in which real foods can not be displayed. For instance, the American company Fake Foods began when fast food restaurant Wendy's needed fake kale for their salad bar display.
More recently, fake foods were also used for nutrition education and consumer research.
In North America, fake food is very often used for retail displays. Furniture retailers use it to give their furniture settings, a lived-in look.
Many restaurants in Japan use fake foods to display their popular dishes in their windows and attract customers. The plastic replicas are much more expensive than the food they imitate, but can last indefinitely. For this reason, many companies that manufacture fake food have stagnant or declining profits.
An emerging meaning of the term fake food is a popular substitute for the more scientific term pseudofood, or pseudobezoar, an indigestible object introduced intentionally into the digestive system, which takes space in the stomach so that dieters feel full, eat little, and lose weight.
Manufacturing process.
Today’s manufacturing technologies and high quality plastic materials provide realistic-looking fake food replicas, and approximately 95% of all fake food is still handcrafted. Artisans and highly trained craftsmen make realistic fake food, often painting them by hand to create a realistic look and feel. Some Japanese fake food manufacturers mimic the actual cooking process, employing chef's knives to chop plastic vegetables and real hot oil to fry plastic shrimp.
At the beginning of the production process, real food is dipped in silicone to create a mold. A liquid plastic of the correct color, typically vinyl chloride, is poured into the mold, then heated in an oven until it solidifies. When a food is not available or it would disintegrate or melt in the mold while the mold is setting up, a clay model of the food must be sculpted first. After setting for ten to thirty minutes, any excess vinyl buildup is trimmed off. Next, the replica is painted either by hand or airbrush. If the food has many parts, such as a hamburger or sushi roll, the item is assembled from many vinyl pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="19653222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653222" title="Vitali Kaleshin">
Vitali Kaleshin

Vitali Igorevich Kaleshin () (born October 3, 1980 in Krasnodar) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Krasnodar.
Career.
On 20 February 2009 FC Rubin Kazan have signed right back/right winger, on loan until December 2009 from FC Moscow.
In December 2009 FC Rubin Kazan bought from FC Moscow's right to Kaleshin. He signed a contract with the club for 2 years. If Kaleshin will need a club in 2 years, it will sign a contract for a further 1 year.
On 28 May 2013 he signed a one-year contract with FC Krasnodar.
Personal.
Vitali is a son of the former FC Kuban Krasnodar player Igor Kaleshin and the younger brother of Yevgeni Kaleshin.

</doc>
<doc id="19653279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653279" title="Etcetera (Casuals Etcetera)">
Etcetera (Casuals Etcetera)

Etcetera is a women's contemporary clothing design company known for everyday wear sold by appointment only via private trunk shows across the country. Founded in 2000 by William Rondina, Etcetera is a company sells its clothes through a customized trunk show shopping experience.
Headquartered in New York City, Etcetera's national network of wardrobe representatives hold seasonal trunk showings of the company's four collections each year in over 660 cities and upscale suburbs across the U.S. 

</doc>
<doc id="19653310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653310" title="Jeff Lloyd">
Jeff Lloyd

Alfred Jeffrey (Jeff) Lloyd (born 29 July 1914 in Birmingham, England) was a former international speedway who qualified for the Speedway World Championship finals three times.
Career summary.
Lloyd, whose elder brother Wally also rode, took up speedway in 1936, first riding at Wembley before gaining further experience at Birmingham, before signing with Bristol Bulldogs. When speedway resumed in 1945 he returned, and was one of the top riders in the Northern League in 1946. He joined the Newcastle Diamonds in 1946, and finished the season averaging over ten points per match in the Northern League. 
In 1947 it was expected that he would be signed by a higher division team but he started the season with the Diamonds. A few weeks into the season, the New Cross Rangers signed Lloyd for a transfer fee of 1,000 (at the time the highest transfer fee in British speedway), with Ken Le Breton transferring in the opposite direction. By then end of the next season, he had won the National League championship.
Lloyd was selected to represent England in the test series against Australia in the 1948 Ashes series.
1950 saw Lloyd start the season with the Rangers but midway through the season he was transferred to the Harringay Racers, a move that was not popular with the New Cross fans. Whilst with the Racers he qualified for the Speedway World Championship final three times and was a member of the team that won the National Trophy in 1952.
When the Racers closed down at the end of 1954, Lloyd retired.

</doc>
<doc id="19653326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653326" title="T. Silva">
T. Silva

T. Silva (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre.
Silva made five first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. The captain of the team during the competition, Silva was an opening batsman whose debut came against Antonians. Silva's highest score of the campaign was an innings of 66, the only half-century of his first-class career.
Silva bowled just one complete over in the competition, with figures of 1-9.

</doc>
<doc id="19653327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653327" title="AR Silva">
AR Silva

AR Silva (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Physical Culture Centre. He was a wicket-keeper.
Silva made five first-class appearances for the team, during the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1991-92. Silva's innings best of 10 came in his fourth appearance in the competition, batting in the lower order.
Silva made four catches and four stumpings during his first-class career.

</doc>
<doc id="19653335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653335" title="Polish Championship in Water polo">
Polish Championship in Water polo

First water polo championships in Poland were organized in 1925. This sport is not popular in Poland, with only few teams existent, most of them from Warsaw. First, historic champion was Jutrzenka Krakow. Currently, the champion is Arkonia Szczecin.

</doc>
<doc id="19653337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653337" title="Parametric family">
Parametric family

In mathematics and its applications, a parametric family or a parameterized family is a family of objects whose definitions depend on a set of parameters.
Common examples are parametrized (families of) functions, probability distributions, curves, shapes, etc.. 

</doc>
<doc id="19653349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653349" title="Beverly Jensen">
Beverly Jensen

Beverly Jensen (1953-2003) was an American short story writer whose stories have appeared posthumously in the country's leading literary journals, in The Best American Short Stories, in the anthology "Sisters" (Paris Press), and in the novel-in-stories, "The Sisters from Hardscrabble Bay," published by Viking Press in 2010.. 
Jensen wrote her stories based on the lives of her mother, Idella, and aunt, Avis, between 1986 and 2003. After her death from pancreatic cancer, her husband Jay Silverman and teacher Jennifer Levin (author of "Water Dancer") worked to publish the stories, with help from Katrina Kenison ("The Gift of an Ordinary Day") and Howard Frank Mosher ("Walking to Gatlinburg"). "Wake" appeared in New England Review and was subsequently chosen by Stephen King for The Best American Short Stories 2007. "The Sisters from Hardscrabble Bay" has been praised by Elizabeth Strout, Stephen King, Richard Russo (NY Times, Aug. 1, 2010), and O. Magazine (Aug. 2010).
Further information and brief recordings by Beverly Jensen can be found at http://www.beverlyjensen.net.

</doc>
<doc id="19653354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653354" title="1897 in India">
1897 in India

Events in the year 1897 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19653359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653359" title="William Kingston (disambiguation)">
William Kingston (disambiguation)

William Kingston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19653364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653364" title="Whatever You Like (&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic song)">
Whatever You Like (&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic song)

"Whatever You Like" is a song and single by "Weird Al" Yankovic, the first song from the digital EP "Internet Leaks" and was later released on his thirteenth studio album "Alpocalypse". It is a direct parody of a song of the same name by T.I.. In a manner similar to T.I.'s song, the lyrics describe a man wooing a girlfriend with gifts that she may want, though, in light of recent economic problems, these are inexpensive or economical options, such as clipping coupons or going out to dinner at Burger King or McDonald's.
"Whatever You Like" is the first (and only) Yankovic parody to have exactly the same title as the original it parodies. Yankovic commented that thanks to a rapid approval from T.I. he was able to get permission for, write, record and upload the song to iTunes within 2 weeks and while the original song was still at No. 1 (it was there for 5 weeks).
Track listing.
The following tracks are on the downloadable single:
Release.
In late 2008 Yankovic started to explore the digital distribution of his songs. On October 7, 2008, Yankovic planned to release a parody of "Whatever You Like" from artist T.I., which Yankovic said he had come up with two weeks before. Yankovic said that the benefit of digital distribution is that "I do not have to wait around while my songs get old and dated—I can get them out on the Internet almost immediately." On October 7, 2008, the planned release date, an unexpected error left "Whatever You Like" out of the iTunes new release list. Jon "Bermuda" Schwartz, Yankovic's drummer and webmaster, posted this message: "Apparently there was a glitch at iTunes last night and Al's new single—'Whatever You Like'—did not debut with the rest of the new releases. We're being told that they're working on the problem and (hopefully!!) it will be up later today." The song then became available.
In May 2009, "Whatever You Like" was retroactively dubbed the first track of "Internet Leaks", an EP consisting of a series of digitally distributed songs by Yankovic.
Music video.
A music video was created by animator Cris Shapan. The video was featured on the deluxe edition of "Alpocalypse".
Chart positions.
During its first week of release, "Whatever You Like" reached #4 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Chart (equal to #104 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart). The song has also garnered over 13 million listens on YouTube as of April 2012, and over 2.6 million listens on MySpace.

</doc>
<doc id="19653398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653398" title="WZAB">
WZAB

WZAB (880 AM, "The Biz") is a business news and talk radio station based in the South Florida area of Miami and Fort Lauderdale. This station is under a joint ownership of Florida City Radio and Salem Communications under a local marketing agreement.
History.
A construction permit by Florida City Radio was granted on February 18, 2008, to start this station, however it never signed on. The current callsign was issued on July 15, 2008, and it still didn't air until Salem went on an LMA with FCR. WZAB and its current format made its debut on October 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19653400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653400" title="Pinlebu">
Pinlebu

Pinlebu is a town in Katha District, Sagaing Division of Burma (Myanmar) on the Mu River. It is the administrative seat of Pinlebu Township. The town is connected by road to Phaungbyin, Kawlin, and Bamauk. Its inhabitants include the Kadu and Kanan ethnic minorities, and the region has witnessed fighting between the Communists and the government troops.
Notes.
News of pinlebu town...ပင္လယိဘူး ၿမိဴ.(ပင္လည္ဘူးၿမိဴ.)သ္ု. အ၀င္လမ္းသည္ အလြန္ဆိုး၀ါးေနပါသည္။ တံတားမ်ားမွာ ကားေမာင္း၇န္မၿဖစ္နိုင္ေအာင္ပ်က္စီးေနၿပီး ေမွာင္ ္္ခိုသစ္ ကားမ်ားေႀကာင္. လည္းေကာင္း တ၇ား၀င္သစ္ကားမ်ားေၾကာင္.လည္းေကာင္း တံတားမ်ားမွာပ်ကိစီးေနေပသည္။ ၿမို.အ၀င္လမ္းသို. ေကာလင္း မွလာလွ်င္ ရ-မိုင္ေ၇ာက္ပါက ေအးေအးခိုင္ကုမ္ပနီနွင္.ေ၇ွြကုမ္ပနီမ်ားက ေခ်ာင္းအလယ္ တြင္ စတဲခ်ေနပီး ေက်ာက္မ်ားကို လမ္းဘက္မပံုဘဲ သူတို.လုပ္ငန္းဘက္ပံုရာ လမ္း ကို လြန္ခဲ့ေသာမိုး၇ာသီက ၿမို.ခံလူမ်ား ဘု၇ားတကာသြားခဲ့၇ပါသည္။ သူတို. အက်ိဴးၿမတ္၇ၿပီးေသာအခါ လမ္းမၿပင္ေပးဘဲ လစ္သြားခဲ့ပါသည္။မူးၿမစ္က္ိုလည္း ၿမီု.နယ္အုပ္ခ်ဴပ္ေ၇းမူး ၏ အဂတိယူေ၇ြလုပ္ငန္းမ်ား ေၾကာင္.တိ၇စ္ဆန္မ်ားပင္ေသာက္မရ ေ၇ခ်ိဴးမရေအာင္ ၽညစ္ပတ္ေနၿပီး ကန.ဘလူ၇ွိသဖနိးဆိပ္ဆည္ကို နုန္းမ်ားေပးေ၀လ်က္၇ွိေနေပ၇ာ ခက္ပီေကာကြယ္။ၿမို.လယ္တြငိလည္း တရားမ၀င္ အဂတိယူ ေလာင္စာဆီဆိုင္မ်ား(ဦးသာညြန္.ဆိုင္၊ဦး၇ွိန္ဆိုင္၊ဦးေမာင္ခ်ိဳဆိုင္ (ၿမို.လယ္လမ္းေလးဆံုေနရာ) ္၊ဦးလွထြန္းဆိုင္။...စသၿဖငိ.) ခြငိ.ေပးထား၇ာ မီးေလာင္မည္ကို ေၾကာကိေန၇ပါသည္။ရေငြမ်ားကို ၿမိဳ.ခံအတြက္ ိမသံုးပါ။သူ.ကိုတိုင္ၾက၇ာ ၇န္ကုန္မွာ တိုက္၇ပီ ကား၇ပီ သိန္း ၂၀၀၀ ေက်ာ္ စုမိေနပီ ၿပုတိလဲ၇တယ္ဟု သူကၿမို.ခံမ်ားႀကားေအာင ္ေၿပာေနပါသည္။ စစ္ေဆးေရးမလာမီ သူက ဟန္ၿပ အေနနွင္.ရြာ ၁ ရြာတြငိသိမ္ ေဆာကိၿပရာ ရြာခံမ်ားကို ၀ကိ သား အခ်ိန္၂၀၀ ခြဲတမိးခ်၇ာ ၇ြာခံမ်ားကလံုး၀မေက်နပ္ၾကေပ၊။ နိုင္ငံေတာ္သမတၾကီး ဦးသိန္းစိန္သိေစခ်င္ပါသည္ခင္ဗ်ား။သႏြင္းကုန္းဆိုေသာရြာ ၁ ၇ြာလံုးကိုလည္း မူးယစ္ေဆး တရားမ၀ငိလိုင္စင္ခ်ေပးထား၇ာ တစိနယ္လံုးဖိုးသမားလူငယ္မ်ားအလြန္ေပါေနပါသည္။ညေမွာင္၇င္ၿမို.ေပၚမွလူငယ္မ်ား မူးၿမစကို္ကူးကာ ဖိုးသြားရွူေနပါပီကြယ္။ၿပည္သူ.ရဲမ်ား အလြန္ ေပ်ာ္ေသာ၇ြာပင္။ ပင္းက်ီဴင္း၇ြာ အေနာက္ပိုင္း ကိုလည္း ဖိုးလိုင္စငိယခုထပ္ခ်ေပးထား၇ာ သမတႀကီးသိ၇င္ေတာ. မလြယ္ပါဘူး။ၿပည္သူ.ရဲမ်ား အလြန္ ေပ်ာ္ေန၇ာ ဘယ္လို ေၿပာ၇မွာလဲ။တို. ၿမို.ကလူငယ္ေတြ အေသခံ၇ေတာ.မွာေပါ့ေလ။ကသာခ၇ိုင္မွာ တို.ေဒသ မူးယစ္ေဆးေပါတာ လူၾကီးေတြကသတငိးဖုနိးထားတာၾကာပါၿပီ။ လြတ္ေတာ္ကိုယ္စားလွယ္ ဗိုလ္မွဴးၾကီး ဦးခင္ေမာင္ေအး က လည္း လြတ္ေတာ္တြငိ ဒု ၀န္ၾကီးၿဖစိ၇န္ H1N1 ေ၇ာဂါကိုသာ ေၿပာသြားခဲ့ၿပီး တို.ၿမို.အတြက္ ဘာမွ လုပ္မေပးခဲ့ပါဘူးေလ။ တ၇ားမ၀င္ဆီ ဆိုင္က သူ.၇ဲ့ တို.ၿမို.ကအိမ္ေဘးတ၇ား၀င္ကပ္၇က္ေ၇ာင္းေနတာေလ...သူ.အိမ္ကို လမ္းပၚတ၀က္တင္ေဆာက္ထားတာ ေမြးၿမဴေ၇းနွင္.ေ၇လုပ္ငန္း ဒဳု၀န္ၾကီးတဲ့လား... တို.ကေတာ. ၾကံ.ခိုင္ေ၇းကို တခဲနက္ မဲေပး ခဲ့၇တာ။ မဲမေပးတဲ့ ေဖါင္းၿပင္ၿမို.တ္ု.ကိုေတာ. အစိုးရကလမိးေတြဘာေတြေဖါက္နဲ့းးးးးး ၂၄ နာ၇ီမီးကိုလည္း လူႀကီးအဆက္ဆက္တို. ၇ံပံုေငြ စားတာခံ ၇လို. ၂၄ နာ၇ီမီွး အစည္းေ၀းေခၚ၇င္ ဘယ္သူမွ မတက္ၾကေတာ.ပါဘူး။ နိုင္ငံေတာ္ သမတၾကီး ဦးသိန္းစိန္ သိေစခ်ငိပါ သည္ ခငိဗ်ား။။က်ေနာ္ လူငယ္ပါ။ က်ေနာ္ တို.ကို ကူညီေပးပါ သမတၾကီး။သမတႀကီး မိန္.ခြန္းကို အလြဲၿပဴ မေလးစားၾကပါ။

</doc>
<doc id="19653403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653403" title="William Henderson (priest)">
William Henderson (priest)

The Very Rev William George Henderson DD (1819 – 24 September 1905) was Dean of Carlisle from 1884 to his death in 1905. Born in 1819, he was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and ordained in 1859 after spells as a Fellow of his old college and a Tutor at Durham University and later principal of Hatfield College, Durham. He was then Headmaster of Victoria College, Jersey, and Leeds Grammar School before his appointment to the Carlisle Deanery. He died on 24 September 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="19653424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653424" title="Indiana Klan">
Indiana Klan

The Indiana Klan was a branch of the Ku Klux Klan, a secret society in the United States that organized in 1915 to affect public affairs on issues of Prohibition, education, political corruption, and morality. It was most strongly anti-Catholic, but also opposed Jews and blacks. It opposed immigration from southern and eastern Europe, which was sharply reduced by a new law in 1923. In Indiana, the Klan generally did not practice overt violence but used intimidation in certain cases. Nationally it practiced racism and terrorism against minority ethnic and religious groups.
The Indiana Klan rose to prominence beginning in the early 1920s after World War I, when ethnic Protestants felt threatened by social and political issues, including changes caused by decades of heavy immigration from southern and eastern Europe. By 1922 the state had the largest organization nationally, and its membership continued to increase dramatically under the leadership of D.C. Stephenson. It averaged 2,000 new members per week from July 1922 to July 1923, when he was appointed as the Grand Dragon of Indiana. He led the Indiana Klan and other chapters he supervised to break away from the national organization in late 1923.
Indiana's Klan organization reached its peak of power in the following years, when it had 250,000 members, an estimated 30% of native-born white men. By 1925 over half the elected members of the Indiana General Assembly, the Governor of Indiana, and many other high-ranking officials in local and state government were members of the Klan. Politicians had also learned they needed Klan endorsement to win office.
That year Stephenson was charged and convicted for the rape and murder of Madge Oberholtzer, a young schoolteacher. His vile behavior caused a sharp drop in Klan membership, which decreased further with his exposure to the press of secret deals and the Klan's bribery of public officials. Denied pardon, in 1927 Stephenson began to talk to the "Indianapolis Times", giving them lists of people who had been paid by the Klan. Their press investigation exposed many Klan members, showed they were not law-abiding, and ended the power of the organization, as members dropped out by the tens of thousands. By the end of the decade, the Klan was down to about 4,000 members and finished in the state. Efforts by some to revive it in the period of the 1960s and 1970s were not successful.
Formation.
In 1920 Imperial Wizard William J. Simmons of Atlanta, Georgia chose Joe Huffington to start an official Indiana chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. Huffington left for Indiana and set up his first headquarters in Evansville.
Huffington met D.C. Stephenson, a fellow war veteran with a background in Texas and Oklahoma, who quickly became one of the leading members of chapter. Stephenson was active in the local Democratic Party and had run unsuccessfully in the Democratic Congressional primary of 1922 as an anti-prohibition candidate. He was more successful with recruiting and organizing new members. Like other agents, Stephenson got to keep a portion of the entrance fees, and began to amass wealth. Entrance in the Klan cost $10, plus dues, and the recruiter personally kept $4 of each registration. It is estimated that Stephenson made between two and five million dollars from his position in the Klan. Southern Indiana had already had significant vigilante activity among White Cap groups, dating back to the American Civil War.
Stephenson was an active recruiter. He stressed the concept of the Klan as a fraternal society and brotherhood, organized for civic activism, to help the poor and defend morality. He gained the support of many ministers and church congregations for these appeals to populist issues, and the Klan grew rapidly in Indiana.
Activities.
In November 1922, Hiram Wesley Evans took power as the new Imperial Wizard in Atlanta, with the support of Stephenson. As a reward and in recognition of Stephenson's recruiting success, in July 1923, he appointed the younger man as Grand Dragon of the Indiana Klan, and head of recruiting for seven states north of Mississippi.
By late 1923, Stephenson led the Indiana Klan in breaking away from the national organization and forming a rival group. With its high rate of membership, the Klan became influential in the Indiana politics; an endorsement from the organization could practically guarantee victory at the polls. This led to many politicians at all levels of government to join the Klan in order to gain their support. The Klan became so powerful, and Stephenson so influential, that by 1925 he began to brag, saying "I am the law in Indiana."
The Klan's rhetoric was anti-Catholic in these years, and it alleged that Catholics were behind secret plots to overthrow the government and exterminate Protestants. Immigrants, and especially those from Catholic countries, were included in criticism, as were Jews. A third, and lesser enemy, were blacks. The Indiana Klan stressed more social issues than racism, as it promised to uphold moral standards, help enforce Prohibition, and end political corruption. The Klan also publicly attacked adulterers, gamblers, and undisciplined youths.
The Klan members wanted to end authorization for Catholic parochial schools, and remove all Catholic influence from public schools. The Klan was unable to attain either goal, but attained support for their agenda from key leaders. Samuel Ralston delivered an anti-Catholic speech in 1922 which the Klan reproduced and spread across the state. With their support, he was elected to the United States Senate in 1923.
At the height of its power the Klan had over 250,000 members, which was over 30% of state's white male population. The highest concentration was around the central part of the state. Klan membership was discouraged in some parts of the state; in New Albany, city leaders denounced the Klan and discouraged residents from joining. Other cities, including Indianapolis, were almost completely controlled by the Klan, and election to public office was impossible without their support. Street fights occurred in Indianapolis between the Klan members and minority groups. Statewide, estimates of native white male Indiana Klan membership ranged from 27 to 40%.
The Klan had a large budget, based on a percentage of membership fees and dues. With more than 50,000 dues-paying members in Indianapolis, the Klan had access to tens of millions of dollars. A large part of these funds went to helping the poor, but millions were also poured into bribing public officials, paying off enemies, purchasing weapons, and contributing to political campaigns.
In 1922, Klansmen in the Indiana General Assembly passed a bill that created a Klan Day at the Indiana State Fair, complete with a nighttime cross burning. Governor Warren T. McCray vetoed the bill, beginning his public resistance to the Klan; he was the highest-ranking official to oppose them. The same year Edward L. Jackson, a Klan member who had been elected as the Secretary of State, granted the Klan a state charter. McCray demanded the charter be revoked because the leaders of the Klan did not reveal themselves to sign the document. Jackson refused to revoke the charter. Stephenson ordered Jackson to offer McCray a $10,000 bribe to try to end his anti-Klan stance. McCray was personally wealthy and he refused the bribe.
Unable to bring McCray to their side, the Klan leaders worked to uncover dirt on McCray to force him out office. They uncovered loans solicited by McCray in a questionable way. Because the solicitations were sent by mail, they were subject to federal mail fraud laws. The Klan leaders used their influence to have McCray tried, convicted, and imprisoned for mail fraud, forcing him to resign from office in 1924. Edward Jackson was elected to the governor's office that fall.
Scandal.
In 1925 Stephenson met Madge Oberholtzer, the head of the state's commission to combat illiteracy. The night of the inaugural ball of Republican Governor Edward L. Jackson, she was abducted from her home, taken to the Indianapolis train station, and held in a private car. On the train to Hammond, Stephenson raped her repeatedly and attacked her. In Hammond, she pleaded the need to get to a drug store, where she secretly ate mercury tablets and bi-chloride. Using the illness brought on by the poisons as an excuse, she begged Stephenson to release her. He took her back to Indianapolis and held her at his place. After Oberholzer refused to marry him several days later, he had her returned to her home and secretly placed in bed. When her parents found her, the young woman was nearly dead. Taken to the hospital, Oberholzer died about a month later. She told her story in detail to several witnesses. Stephenson was immediately arrested and charged with second-degree murder. The attending doctor, who testified in the trial, said that Oberholtzer's wounds appeared as if a cannibal had chewed on her. The prosecution held that the wounds and mercury together caused the death of Oberholzer. Stephenson was convicted and the State Supreme Court upheld the decision. He remained in prison until 1956, when he received parole.
Denied a pardon by Governor Jackson, whom he had supported, Stephenson in 1926 began to talk to reporters from the "Indianapolis Times" and expose many of the high-profile members of the Klan. Stephenson gave the reported names of politicians and officials whom the Klan had bribed, and who had accepted money. The mayor of Indianapolis, John Duvall, was jailed for thirty days and later convicted of bribery. Numerous commissioners and other local leaders across the state were forced to resign on bribery charges, stemming from acceptance of support from the Klan. Governor Jackson was charged with bribery for his role in attempting to influence McCray. The court found the charges against Jackson true, but judged him not guilty, as the statute of limitations had expired on his crimes. He ended his term and did not seek re-election. He was disgraced and never held public office again. Many other leaders of the Klan were arrested and tried on charges of conspiracy to bribe public officials.
The press investigation, which won a Pulitzer Prize, revealed that more than half the members of the Indiana General Assembly were Klan members. The Stephenson case and bribery scandal destroyed the Klan's image as the defenders of women and justice. Members abandoned the organization by the tens of thousands.
The historian James Madison cautions that the Klan 
"cannot be dismissed as either an aberration or as simply the insidious appeal of a fanatical few. Nor should the Klan be seen as thoroughly dominating the state and accurately reflecting racist, violent, or provincial beliefs shared for all time by all Hoosiers."
Some people tried to revive the Klan in the 1960s and 1970s, when changing social values, the Vietnam War, urban riots and industrial restructuring caused widespread disruption. The organization never regained the members or power it held during the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="19653436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653436" title="Nancy Kerr">
Nancy Kerr

Nancy Kerr (born 1975) is an English folk musician, specialising in the fiddle and singing. She is the daughter of London-born singer-songwriter Sandra Kerr and Northumbrian piper Ron Elliott.
Kerr came to prominence in the early 1990s via a musical partnership with fellow fiddle player Eliza Carthy. The duo produced two albums - "Eliza Carthy & Nancy Kerr" (1993) and "Shape of Scrape" (1995) - before ceasing to work together. A retrospective collection of their work (plus three previously unreleased tracks) - "On Reflection" - was released in 2002.
Kerr and her mother released an album together - "Neat and Complete" - in 1996.
Since 1995 Kerr has mostly worked in a duo with Australian bouzouki player and singer James Fagan, whom she married in 2007. The duo won the Horizon Award at the inaugural BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards in 2000, and Best Duo at the same awards in both 2003 and 2011
Between 1997 and 2008 they released six albums on the Fellside label - "Starry Gazy Pie" (1997), "Scalene" (with Sandra Kerr) (1998), "Steely Water" (1999), "Between The Dark and Light" (2002), "Strands of Gold" (2006)and "Station House" (with Robert Harbron) (2008). 2010 saw the production their first completely original collection of songs - "Twice Reflected Sun", released 9 August 2010 on Navigator Records (NAV0041). First track of the album, "Queen of Waters", was nominated for the Best Original Song category at the BBC Folk Awards in 2011.
In 2008 the duo joined forces with concertina player Robert Harbron to form the trio "Kerr Fagan Harbron", recording and touring the album "Station House" (Fellside CD 211).
Kerr has also worked with folk/pop group Epona, Australian folk family band The Fagans and the Tim van Eyken band, amongst others.
In 2010 she joined James Fagan, Richard Arrowsmith and Jess Arrowsmith to form "Melrose Quartet" in her new home city of Sheffield. They released a live EP in 2011 called "Live at Cheltenham" and a studio album "Fifty Verses" in 2013.
2013 also saw her make up part of Fay Hield's "The Full English" band to promote the on-line publication of the folk collections of the Vaughan Williams Memorial Library in Cecil Sharp House.
Partial discography.
1993: "Eliza Carthy and Nancy Kerr" (with Eliza Carthy)<br>
1994: "Waterson:Carthy" (with )<br>
1995: "Shape of Scrape" (with Eliza Carthy)<br>
1995: "Evolving Tradition 1" (with Kings of Calicut)<br>
1996: "Neat and Complete" (with Sandra Kerr)<br>
1996: "Shine Again" (with Epona)<br>
1996: "Evolving Tradition 2" (with Kings of Calicut)<br>
1997: "Starry Gazy Pie" (with James Fagan)<br>
1998: "Scalene" (with Sandra Kerr) <br>
1999: "Steely Water" (with James Fagan)<br>
2000: "Five Little Frogs" (with Sandra Kerr, Leon Rosselson, and Kevin Graal)<br>
2000: "Five Little Owls" (with Sandra Kerr, Leon Rosselson, and Kevin Graal)<br>
2002: "Between The Dark and Light" (with James Fagan)<br>
2002: "On Reflection" (with Eliza Carthy)<br>
2004: "Evolving Tradition 4: Generations" (with Sandra Kerr)<br>
2004: "Turning Fine" (with The Fagans)<br>
2005: "Kind Letters" (with Martin Simpson)<br>
2006: "Strands of Gold" (with James Fagan)<br>
2006: "Stiffs, Lovers, Holymen, Thieves" (with Tim van Eyken band)<br>
2008: "Station House" (with James Fagan and Robert Harbron<br>
2009: "Milk and Honey Land" (with The Fagans)<br>
2010: "Twice Reflected Sun" (with James Fagan)
2011: "Melrose Quartet Live at Cheltenham "(with Melrose Quartet: Nancy Kerr, James Fagan, Richard and Jess Arrowsmith)
2013: "Fifty Verses" (with Melrose Quartet)

</doc>
<doc id="19653438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653438" title="Rholes">
Rholes

__NOTOC__
Rholes or Roles (Ancient Greek Ῥώλης) was a Getae chieftain in Scythia Minor (modern Dobruja) mentioned by Cassius Dio in his "Roman History". According to Dio, he helped Roman general Marcus Licinius Crassus defeat the Bastarnae, and when he visited Octavian, he was treated as "a friend and ally" for his support for the Romans. Later he sent for Crassus to help in his conflict with Getae chieftain Dapyx. These events have been dated to 31-27 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19653440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653440" title="La La La">
La La La

La La La may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19653462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653462" title="Kirill Nababkin">
Kirill Nababkin

Kirill Anatolyevich Nababkin (; born 8 September 1986 in Moscow) is a Russian international football player who plays for Russian Premier League side CSKA Moscow and Russian national team as a right defender.
Career.
Nabakin began his youth career with FC Moscow. In December 2009 he left the club and signed with the local rival CSKA Moscow. He joined the new club for free.
International.
On 25 May 2012, he was called up to the Russia national football team for the first time, being named into their UEFA Euro 2012 squad, replacing ailing Roman Shishkin. He made his national team debut on 1 June 2012 in a friendly against Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19653466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653466" title="List of Nobel laureates in Chemistry">
List of Nobel laureates in Chemistry

The Nobel Prize in chemistry () is awarded annually by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences to scientists in the various fields of chemistry. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the 1895 will of Alfred Nobel, who died in 1896. These prizes are awarded for outstanding contributions in chemistry, physics, literature, peace, and physiology or medicine. As dictated by Nobel's will, the award is administered by the Nobel Foundation and awarded by a committee that consists of five members elected by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. The first Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded in 1901 to Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, of the Netherlands. Each recipient receives a medal, a diploma and a monetary award prize that has varied throughout the years. In 1901, van 't Hoff received 150,782 SEK, which is equal to 7,731,004 SEK in December 2007. In 2012, the prize was awarded to Robert Lefkowitz and Brian Kobilka. The award is presented in Stockholm at an annual ceremony on December 10, the anniversary of Nobel's death.
At least 25 laureates have received the Nobel Prize for contributions in the field of organic chemistry, more than any other field of chemistry. Two winners of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Germans Richard Kuhn (1938) and Adolf Butenandt (1939), were not allowed by their government to accept the prize. They would later receive a medal and diploma, but not the money. Frederick Sanger is one out of two laureates to be awarded the Nobel prize twice in the same subject, in 1958 and 1980. John Bardeen is the other and was awarded the Nobel Prize in physics in 1956 and 1972. Two others have won Nobel Prizes twice, one in chemistry and one in another subject: Maria Skłodowska-Curie (physics in 1903, chemistry in 1911) and Linus Carl Pauling (chemistry in 1954, peace in 1962). Four women have won the prize: Maria Skłodowska-Curie, Irène Joliot-Curie (1935), Dorothy Hodgkin (1964), and Ada Yonath (2009). As of 2012, the prize has been awarded to 162 individuals. There have been eight years in which the Nobel Prize in Chemistry was not awarded.
References and notes.
A. The form and spelling of the names in the name column is according to nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. Alternative spellings and name forms, where they exist, are given at the articles linked from this column. Where available, an image of each Nobel Laureate is provided. For the official pictures provided by the Nobel Foundation, see the pages for each Nobel Laureate at nobelprize.org.
B. The information in the country column is according to nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. This information may not necessarily reflect the recipient's birthplace or citizenship.
C. The citation for each award is quoted (not always in full) from nobelprize.org, the official website of the Nobel Foundation. The links in this column are to articles (or sections of articles) on the history and areas of chemistry for which the awards were presented. The links are intended only as a guide and explanation. For a full account of the work done by each Nobel Laureate, please see the biography articles linked from the name column.

</doc>
<doc id="19653479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653479" title="Zrin">
Zrin

Zrin () is a village in Croatia, Sisak-Moslavina county (Dvor Municipality).
In the past it was the seat of the Šubić noble family. Later the family called themselves Zrinski, after Zrin Castle. It was a stronghold of Croatian defense in the Ottoman wars. There are still ruins of Zrin Castle in the village. In World War II the village was burned to the ground. Zrin was a village with a Croatian majority population and the Partisans attacked it in 1943, killing 270 people (mostly civilians) and burned down the old Catholic church of the Holy Cross. After World War II the communist regime relocated the remaining Croatian population to confiscated houses in Slavonia after it had exiled the domicile German population.
In the Croatian War of Independence the place was occupied by the rebel Serb forces and was part of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. In Operation Storm (1995) Zrin was liberated by the Croatian Army. It is inhabited by 12 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="19653518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653518" title="Jinx (band)">
Jinx (band)

Jinx is a Croatian Pop band from Zagreb which was formed in 1993. They began their career under the name "High Jinx" coming from a concert in a Zagreb night-club saloon. The members of Jinx are guitarist Coco Mosquito, vocalist Jadranka Bastajic Yaya, drummer Berko Muratovic, keyboardist Mr. Goody, trumpet player Igor Pavlica and bassist Adam Matijasevic. Former members of the band are Goony, Kiky the Kid, bassist Samir Kadribasic, trumpet player Rudi and saxophone player Jordes. The prefix "High" was dropped in 1995, since all fans who attended their first gigs referred to them solely as Jinx. Their first album, "Sextasy", was released in English. Berko and Samir joined the band in 1996. In 1997, Jinx signed their first record contract with Aquarius Records and released their second album called “Second Hand”. In 2001, Percussionist Boris Popov joined the band. Jinx disbanded in 2001. In 2007, Jinx made a comeback with the album "Na zapadu" (In the West), having signed with Dallas Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19653538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653538" title="Mud, Iran">
Mud, Iran

Mud (Persian: مود, also Romanized as Mūd and Mood; also known as Mood Nahar Khan and Mūd-e Dahanāb) is a city in and the capital of Mud District, in Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. Formerly up to the division of the Province from Khorasan it was a borough of today South Khorasan's provincial capital Birjand. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,451, in 695 families.
Archaeologists excavating in the southern historical town of Mud in South Khorasan province have unearthed ancient earthenware dating back to the Parthian dynastic era (248 BCE-224 CE).
Excavations were conducted on an ancient mound located near the city of Birjand. Numerous historical artifacts dating back from the pre-historic eras up to the Safavid dynasty were found at the site.
The last prince of Birjand was Shah Seyyed Ali Kazemi who came from Mud (where most people were related with him), a relative of the emperor Shah Reza Pahlavi and the Prime minister Asadollah Alam.
The area is known for Mud blankets and carpets that have normally a curvilinear design with a sun flower shaped picture in the center. The production of such carpets is usually high-quality. These carpets are made of wool or cotton. They attained their valuation by the decree of the Persian Safavid emperor Shah Abbas I, who not only arranged the building of the fortresses in this region, but also retained the original Persian design styles and knot techniques.
External links.
http://moodcity.ir - Moodcity News Web

</doc>
<doc id="19653545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653545" title="A Darker Domain">
A Darker Domain

A Darker Domain is a 2008 psychological thriller novel by Scottish crime writer Val McDermid. Reviewers often noted the fast paced style of the novel as it flashes back and forth between two plot lines, a contemporary crime in 2007 and the investigation of a cold case from 1984. The novel is set in during the UK miners strike of 1984–1985 in Fife. Her accounts of the strike are particularly pointed, exploring the effects of the strikes on the emotions of the people involved and their community. McDermid was raised in Fife, and one reviewer credits her accurate review of the strikes to her experiences earlier in her life. The reviews of the book were generally good, many of the reviewers comparing the book to her previous novels. The New York Times named the book one of the "Notable Crime Books of 2009."
Synopsis.
During the infamous UK miners' strike, a wealthy young heiress and her infant son are kidnapped in Fife, before a botched payoff leaves her dead and the child missing. Twenty-two years later, DI Karen Pirie, an expert on cold cases, interviews a journalist who may have found a clue to the enigma while on vacation in Tuscany. However, she soon becomes preoccupied with another missing persons case from about the same time. Fellow mine workers and even his own wife believed that Mick Prentice notoriously broke ranks and left to join a group of 'scab' strike breakers far south in Nottingham, but recent evidence suggests that his disappearance might not have been as simple as that. Moreover, Mick's grown daughter Misha desperately needs to find her estranged father for critical reasons of her own. DI Pirie soon finds herself stumbling through a darker domain of violence, greed, secrets and betrayal.
The novel jumps back and forth between the time of the key events of both cases during the miners' strike and the current day. The flashbacks provide scattered, nonsequential background for the facts in the order that Pirie and present-day others discover them or relate them. This structure allows the author to present intricate plotlines and reveal facts in a manner that sustains the suspense. Because the plot is convoluted, however, and McDermid didn't offer the readers graphics to help them orient themselves in the local landscape, readers may want to glance at maps of the Fife area and Tuscan countryside where the plot locations are noted.
Themes.
The UK miners' strike and the disintegration of community that followed because of the suffering the miners and their families had to endure are central to the plot. Particularly pointed are the depictions of neighbours turning against each other and families having to wait in long lines for food because of the poverty caused by the year-long. Instead of just examining the effects upon the communities, however, McDermid also explores the characters' emotions during the two periods examined. One reviewer pointed to McDermid's childhood in Fife as the reason she was so good at depicting the effects of the strike.
Style.
Like McDermid's other mystery novels, "A Darker Domain" is fast paced. The flashbacks between the time of the disappearances in 1984 and 1985 and the current investigation by DI Pirie help keep the novel moving. One reviewer felt that the fast paced flashbacks sometimes made the plot confusing, saying that it is a complicated, and sometimes convoluted, plot. The New York Times noted that the author's parallel plots created too much "weight" for the story to stand on its own.
McDermid's word choice allows her to build tension throughout the narrative, never making coincidence unbelievable in propelling the plot along. McDermid uses "gallows humour" throughout the book to keep readers entertained, despite the gruesome scenes that she often describes. The New York Times calls her style "a gruff eloquence."
Critical reception.
Anne Marie Scanlon in the Irish newspaper "The Independent" called the novel " an outstanding return to form for Val McDermid, one that far surpasses expectations" noting that McDermid's previous successes had kept expectations for her future work high for her following. Similarly the British newspaper "The Times", called "A Darker Domain" "absorbing novel, one of her best." Brandon Robshaw of British newspaper "The Independent" called the book "cleverly told" and "smoothly readable," adding that the only drawback was that McDermid "likes her heroine a bit too much ... [dumpy and unglamorous on the outside, but sexy and with a razor-sharp mind." Fordyce Maxwell of the Scotsman proclaimed the book a great read despite its end, which ties together all the loose ends too neatly.
Kim Sweetman of "The Courier Mail" was less enthusiastic, observing that "compared with some of the other work of this master writer, it can be a little slow and convoluted" though it was still a good crime novel. Marilyn Stasio of the New York Times had a similar problem with "A Darker Domain", remarking that although McDermid is talented, the multiple plot lines were simply too much.

</doc>
<doc id="19653561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653561" title="Tenodera australasiae">
Tenodera australasiae

The Purple-winged Mantis ("Tenodera australasiae") is species of praying mantis. Found in Australia, it is common in most parts of Brisbane (QLD). Both males and females are capable of flight. The species has not been shown to be parthenogenic. The genus Tenodera has a number of species including "Tenodera aridifolia", "Tenodera sinensis" - Chinese Mantis, "Tenodera australasiae" - Purple-winged Mantis, "Tenodera superstitiosa" found in Africa.
The Purple-winged Mantis has varied diet consisting mainly of other insects, however, they have been seen eating much larger animals such as small frogs, lizards etc. "Tenodera australasiae" can be cannibalistic but not quite an aggressive mantis.

</doc>
<doc id="19653573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653573" title="Paungbyin">
Paungbyin

Paungbyin, Pyaungbin or Phaungbyin is a town in Mawlaik District, Sagaing Division, of Burma (Myanmar), on the Chindwin River. It is the principal town of Paungbyin Township.

</doc>
<doc id="19653610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653610" title="Larry V. Hedges">
Larry V. Hedges

Larry V. Hedges is a researcher in statistical methods for meta-analysis and evaluation of education policy. He is Professor of Statistics and Education and Social Policy, Institute for Policy Research, Northwestern University. Previously, he was the Stella M. Rowley Distinguished Service Professor of Education, Sociology, Psychology, and Public Policy Studies at the University of Chicago. He is a member of the National Academy of Education and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Educational Research Association, the American Psychological Association, and the American Statistical Association.
He has authored a number of articles and books on statistical methods for meta-analysis, which is the use of statistical methods for combining results from different studies. He also suggested several estimators for effect sizes and derived their properties. He carried out research on the relation of resources available to schools and student achievement, most notably the relation between class size and achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="19653617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653617" title="Tavignano">
Tavignano

The Tavignano is a river on the island of Corsica, France. Its source is in the mountainous middle of the island, south of Monte Cinto. It flows generally east, through Corte. It ends in the Tyrrhenian Sea near Aléria. Its entire course is in the Haute-Corse "département".

</doc>
<doc id="19653621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653621" title="Tomáš Čížek">
Tomáš Čížek

Tomáš Cízek (born 27 November 1978 in Děčín) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Baumit Jablonec.
Previously he played for Jablonec, Pelikán Děčín, and Sparta Prague in the Czech Republic, and for Rubin Kazan, FC Moscow, and Alania Vladikavkaz in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19653624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653624" title="Bill Ayers">
Bill Ayers

William Charles "Bill" Ayers (born December 26, 1944) is an American elementary education theorist and a former leader in the counterculture movement that opposed U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War. He is known for his 1960s radical activism as well as his current work in education reform, curriculum, and instruction. In 1969 he co-founded the Weather Underground, a self-described communist revolutionary group that conducted a campaign of bombing public buildings (including police stations, the U.S. Capitol Building, and the Pentagon) during the 1960s and 1970s in response to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War.
He is a retired professor in the College of Education at the University of Illinois at Chicago, formerly holding the titles of Distinguished Professor of Education and Senior University Scholar. During the 2008 US presidential campaign, a controversy arose over his contacts with then-candidate Barack Obama. He is married to Bernardine Dohrn, who was also a leader in the Weather Underground.
Early life.
Ayers grew up in Glen Ellyn, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois. He attended public schools there until his second year in high school, when he transferred to Lake Forest Academy, a small 
prep school. Ayers earned a B.A. from the University of Michigan in American Studies in 1968 (his father, mother and older brother had preceded him there). His parents are Mary (née Andrew) and Thomas G. Ayers, who was later Chairman and CEO of Commonwealth Edison (1973 to 1980), and for whom Northwestern's Thomas G. Ayers College of Commerce and Industry was named.
Ayers was affected when Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) President Paul Potter, at a 1965 Ann Arbor Teach-In against the Vietnam war, asked his audience, "How will you live your life so that it doesn't make a mockery of your values?" Ayers later wrote in his memoir, "Fugitive Days", that his reaction was: "You could not be a moral person with the means to act, and stand still. [...] To stand still was to choose indifference. Indifference was the opposite of moral".
In 1965, Ayers joined a picket line protesting an Ann Arbor, Michigan pizzeria for refusing to seat African Americans. His first arrest came for a sit-in at a local draft board, resulting in 10 days in jail. His first teaching job came shortly afterward at the Children's Community School, a preschool with a very small enrollment operating in a church basement, founded by a group of students in emulation of the Summerhill method of education.
The school was a part of the nationwide "free school movement". Schools in the movement had no grades or report cards; they aimed to encourage cooperation rather than competition, and the teachers had pupils address them by their first names. Within a few months, at age 21, Ayers became director of the school. There also he met Diana Oughton, who would become his girlfriend until her death in 1970 after a bomb exploded while preparing the bombs for Weather Underground activities.
Early activism.
Ayers became involved in the New Left and the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS). He rose to national prominence as an SDS leader in 1968 and 1969. As head of an SDS regional group, the "Jesse James Gang", Ayers made decisive contributions to the Weatherman orientation toward militancy.
The group Ayers headed in Detroit, Michigan became one of the earliest gatherings of what became the Weatherman. Before the June 1969 SDS convention, Ayers became a prominent leader of the group, which arose as a result of a schism in SDS. "During that time his infatuation with street fighting grew and he developed a language of confrontational militancy that became more and more pronounced over the year ", disaffected former Weatherman member Cathy Wilkerson wrote in 2001. Ayers had previously been a roommate of Terry Robbins, a fellow militant who was killed in 1970 along with Ayers' girlfriend Oughton and one other member in the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion, while constructing anti-personnel bombs intended for a non-commissioned officer dance at Fort Dix, New Jersey.
In June 1969, the Weatherman took control of the SDS at its national convention, where Ayers was elected Education Secretary. Later in 1969, Ayers participated in planting a bomb at a statue dedicated to police casualties in the 1886 Haymarket affair confrontation between labor supporters and the Chicago police. The blast broke almost 100 windows and blew pieces of the statue onto the nearby Kennedy Expressway. (The statue was rebuilt and unveiled on May 4, 1970, and blown up again by other Weathermen on October 6, 1970. Rebuilding it yet again, the city posted a 24-hour police guard to prevent another blast, and in January 1972 it was moved to Chicago police headquarters).
Ayers participated in the Days of Rage riot in Chicago in October 1969, and in December was at the "War Council" meeting in Flint, Michigan. Two major decisions came out of the "War Council". The first was to immediately begin a violent, armed struggle (e.g., bombings and armed robberies) against the state without attempting to organize or mobilize a broad swath of the public. The second was to create underground collectives in major cities throughout the country. Larry Grathwohl, a Federal Bureau of Investigation informant in the Weatherman group from the fall of 1969 to the spring of 1970, stated that "Ayers, along with Bernardine Dohrn, probably had the most authority within the Weatherman".
Involvement with Weather Underground.
After the Greenwich Village townhouse explosion in 1970, in which Weatherman member Ted Gold, Ayers' close friend Terry Robbins, and Ayers' girlfriend, Diana Oughton were killed when a nail bomb being assembled in the house exploded, Ayers and several associates evaded pursuit by US law enforcement officials. Kathy Boudin and Cathy Wilkerson survived the blast. Ayers was not facing criminal charges at the time, but the federal government later filed charges against him. Ayers participated in the bombings of New York City Police Department headquarters in 1970, the United States Capitol building in 1971, and the Pentagon in 1972, as he noted in his 2001 book, "Fugitive Days". Ayers writes: Although the bomb that rocked the Pentagon was itsy-bitsy - weighing close to two pounds - it caused 'tens of thousands of dollars' of damage. The operation cost under $500, and no one was killed or even hurt. 
During this time Ayers and fellow member Bernardine Dohrn married, and the two remained fugitives together, changing identities, jobs and locations.
In 1973, new information came to light about FBI operations targeted against Weather Underground and the New Left, all part of a series of covert and often illegal FBI projects called COINTEL. Due to the illegal tactics of FBI agents involved with the program, government attorneys requested all weapons- and bomb-related charges be dropped against the Weather Underground, including charges against Ayers.
However, state charges against Dohrn remained. Dohrn was still reluctant to turn herself in to authorities. "He was sweet and patient, as he always is, to let me come to my senses on my own", she later said of Ayers. She turned herself in to authorities in 1980. She was fined $1,500 and given three years probation.
In 1973 Ayers co-authored the book "Prairie Fire" with other members of the Weather Underground which they dedicated to close to 200 people including Harriet Tubman, John Brown, 'All Who Continue to Fight', and 'All Political Prisoners in the U.S.'. The list includes Sirhan Sirhan, convicted assassin of Robert F. Kennedy. Ayers himself has denied personally dedicating the book to Sirhan.
Later reflections on underground period.
"Fugitive Days: A Memoir".
In 2001, Ayers published "Fugitive Days: A Memoir", which he explained in part as an attempt to answer the questions of Kathy Boudin's son, and his speculation that Diana Oughton died trying to stop the Greenwich Village bomb makers. Some have questioned the truth, accuracy, and tone of the book. Brent Staples wrote for "The New York Times Book Review" that "Ayers reminds us often that he can't tell everything without endangering people involved in the story. Historian Jesse Lemisch (himself a former member of SDS) contrasted Ayers' recollections with those of other former members of Weatherman and has alleged serious factual errors. Ayers, in the foreword to his book, states that it was written as his personal memories and impressions over time, not a scholarly research project.
Statements made in 2001.
"Chicago Magazine" reported that "just before the September 11th attacks," Richard Elrod, a city lawyer injured in the Weathermen's Chicago "Days of Rage," received an apology from Ayers and Dohrn for their part in the violence. "hey were remorseful," Elrod says. "They said, 'We're sorry that things turned out this way.'" In the months before Ayers' memoir was published on September 10, 2001, the author gave numerous interviews with newspaper and magazine writers in which he defended his overall history of radical words and actions. Some of the resulting articles were written before the September 11 attacks and appeared immediately after, including one often-noted article in "The New York Times", and another in the "Chicago Tribune". Numerous observations were made in the media comparing the statements Ayers was making about his own past just as a dramatic terrorist incident shocked the public.
Much of the controversy about Ayers during the decade since 2000 stems from an interview he gave to "The New York Times" on the occasion of the memoir's publication. The reporter quoted him as saying "I don't regret setting bombs" and "I feel we didn't do enough", and, when asked if he would "do it all again," as saying "I don't want to discount the possibility." Ayers protested the interviewer's characterizations in a Letter to the Editor published September 15, 2001: "This is not a question of being misunderstood or 'taken out of context', but of deliberate distortion." In the ensuing years, Ayers has repeatedly avowed that when he said he had "no regrets" and that "we didn't do enough" he was speaking only in reference to his efforts to stop the United States from waging the Vietnam War, efforts which he has described as ". . . inadequate the war dragged on for a decade." Ayers has maintained that the two statements were not intended to imply a wish they had set more bombs.
In a November 2008 interview with "The New Yorker", Ayers said that he had not meant to imply that he wished he and the Weathermen had committed further acts of violence. Instead, he said, “I wish I had done more, but it doesn’t mean I wish we’d bombed more shit.” Ayers said that he had never been responsible for violence against other people and was acting to end a war in Vietnam in which “thousands of people were being killed every week.” He also stated, "While we did claim several extreme acts, they were acts of extreme radicalism against property,” and “We killed no one and hurt no one. Three of our people killed themselves.”
The interviewer also quoted some of Ayers' own criticism of Weatherman in the foreword to the memoir, whereby Ayers reacts to having watched Emile de Antonio's 1976 documentary film about Weatherman, "Underground": " was 'embarrassed by the arrogance, the solipsism, the absolute certainty that we and we alone knew the way. The rigidity and the narcissism.' " "We weren't terrorists," Ayers told an interviewer for the "Chicago Tribune" in 2001. "The reason we weren't terrorists is because we did not commit random acts of terror against people. Terrorism was what was being practiced in the countryside of Vietnam by the United States."
In a letter to the editor in the "Chicago Tribune", Ayers wrote, "I condemn all forms of terrorism — individual, group and official". He also condemned the September 11 terrorist attacks in that letter. "Today we are witnessing crimes against humanity on our own shores on an unthinkable scale, and I fear that we may soon see more innocent people in other parts of the world dying in response."
Views on his past expressed since 2001.
Ayers was asked in a January 2004 interview, "How do you feel about what you did? Would you do it again under similar circumstances?" He replied: "I've thought about this a lot. Being almost 60, it's impossible to not have lots and lots of regrets about lots and lots of things, but the question of did we do something that was horrendous, awful? ... I don't think so. I think what we did was to respond to a situation that was unconscionable."
On September 9, 2008, journalist Jake Tapper copied to his ABC News "Political Punch" blog and opined on a four-panel comic strip by Ryan Alexander-Tanner from Bill Ayers blog site.</ref> In the Alexander-Tanner comic strip, the Ayers cartoon character says: "The one thing I don’t regret is opposing the war in Vietnam with every ounce of my being... When I say, ‘We didn’t do enough,’ a lot of people rush to think, ‘That must mean, "We didn’t bomb enough shit."’ But that’s not the point at all. It’s not a tactical statement, it’s an obvious political and ethical statement. In this context, ‘we’ means ‘everyone.’ "
In an op-ed piece in 2008, Ayers gave this assessment of his actions:
The Weather Underground crossed lines of legality, of propriety and perhaps even of common sense. Our effectiveness can be — and still is being — debated.
He also reiterated his rebuttal to the charge of terrorism:
The Weather Underground went on to take responsibility for placing several small bombs in empty offices... We did carry out symbolic acts of extreme vandalism directed at monuments to war and racism, and the attacks on property, never on people, were meant to respect human life and convey outrage and determination to end the Vietnam war.
Academic career.
Ayers is a retired professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, College of Education. His interests include teaching for social justice, urban educational reform, narrative and interpretive research, children in trouble with the law, and related issues.
He began his career in primary education while an undergraduate, teaching at the Children’s Community School (CCS), a project founded by a group of students and based on the Summerhill method of education. After leaving the underground, he earned an M.Ed from Bank Street College in Early Childhood Education (1984), an M.Ed from Teachers College, Columbia University in Early Childhood Education (1987) and an Ed. D from Teachers College, Columbia University in Curriculum and Instruction (1987).
He has edited and written many books and articles on education theory, policy and practice, and has appeared on many panels and symposia. On August 5, 2010, Ayers officially announced his intent to retire from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
On September 23, 2010 William Ayers was unanimously denied emeritus status by the University of Illinois, after a speech by the university's board chair Christopher G. Kennedy (son of assassinated U.S. Senator Robert Kennedy), containing the quote "I intend to vote against conferring the honorific title of our university to a man whose body of work includes a book dedicated in part to the man who murdered my father, Robert F. Kennedy." He added, "There is nothing more antithetical to the hopes for a university that is lively and yet civil...than to permanently seal off debate with one's opponents by killing them". Kennedy referred to a 1974 book "Prairie Fire: The Politics of Revolutionary Anti-Imperialism," written by Ayers and other Weather Underground members, which includes a dedication to a list of over 200 revolutionary figures, musicians and others, including Sirhan Sirhan, who is currently serving a life sentence for Robert Kennedy's assassination in 1968. Ayers said he has never dedicated any book, including "Prairie Fire", the book in question, to assassins.
Civic and political life.
Ayers worked with Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley in shaping the city's school reform program, and was one of three co-authors of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge grant proposal that in 1995 won $49.2 million over five years for public school reform.</ref> In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the project. Since 1999 he has served on the board of directors of the Woods Fund of Chicago, an anti-poverty, philanthropic foundation established as the Woods Charitable Fund in 1941.
According to Ayers, his radical past occasionally affects him, as when, by his account, he was asked not to attend a progressive educators' conference in the fall of 2006 on the basis that the organizers did not want to risk an association with his past. On January 18, 2009, on his way to speak about education reform at the Centre for Urban Schooling at the University of Toronto, he was refused admission to Canada when he arrived at the Toronto City Centre Airport although he has travelled to Canada more than a dozen times in the past. According to Ayers, "It seems very arbitrary. The border agent said I had a conviction for a felony from 1969. I have several arrests for misdemeanours, but not for felonies."
Political views.
In an interview published in 1995, Ayers characterized his political beliefs at that time and in the 1960s and 1970s: "I am a radical, Leftist, small 'c' communist ... Maybe I'm the last communist who is willing to admit it. [Laughs We have always been small 'c' communists in the sense that we were never in the Communist party and never Stalinists. The ethics of communism still appeal to me. I don't like Lenin as much as the early Marx. I also like Henry David Thoreau, Mother Jones and Jane Addams [...]".
In 1970 Ayers was called "a national leader" of the Weatherman organization and "one of the chief theoreticians of the Weathermen" by "The New York Times". The Weathermen were initially part of the Revolutionary Youth Movement (RYM) within the SDS, splitting from the RYM's Maoists by claiming there was no time to build a vanguard party and that revolutionary war against the United States government and the capitalist system should begin immediately. Their founding document called for the establishment of a "white fighting force" to be allied with the "Black Liberation Movement" and other "anti-colonial" movements to achieve "the destruction of US imperialism and the achievement of a classless world: world communism."
In June 1974, the Weather Underground released a 151-page volume titled "Prairie Fire", which stated: "We are a guerrilla organization [...] We are communist women and men underground in the United States [...]" The Weatherman leadership, including Ayers, pushed for a radical reformulation of sexual relations under the slogan "Smash Monogamy".
Larry Grathwohl, an undercover FBI agent who infiltrated The Weather Underground, claims Ayers told him where to plant bombs. He says Ayers was bent on overthrowing the government.
In response to Grathwohl's claims, Ayers stated, "Now that's being blown into dishonest narratives about hurting people, killing people, planning to kill people. That's just not true. We destroyed government property,"
On June 18, 2013, Ayers gave an interview to RealClearPolitics' Morning Commute in which he stated that every president in this century should be tried for war crimes, including President Obama for his use of drone attacks, which Ayers considers an act of terror.
Obama-Ayers Controversy.
During the 2008 U.S. presidential campaign, a controversy arose regarding Ayers' contacts with then-candidate Barack Obama, a matter that had been public knowledge in Chicago for years. After being raised by the American and British press the connection was picked up by conservative blogs and newspapers in the United States. The matter was raised in a campaign debate by moderator George Stephanopoulos, and later became an issue for the John McCain presidential campaign. Investigations by "The New York Times", CNN, and other news organizations concluded that Obama does not have a close relationship with Ayers.
In an op-ed piece after the election, Ayers denied any close association with Obama, and castigated the Republican campaign for its use of guilt by association tactics.
Praise and criticism of Ayers.
Praise for Ayers and his work.
In 1997 Chicago awarded him its Citizen of the Year award for his work on the Chicago Annenberg Challenge project.
William C. Ibershof, formerly the lead federal prosecutor in the Weather Underground case, wrote in 2008: "Although I dearly wanted to obtain convictions against all the Weathermen, including Bill Ayers, I am very pleased to learn that he has become a responsible citizen."
Ayers was elected Vice President for Curriculum Studies by the American Educational Research Association in 2008. William H. Schubert, a fellow professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, wrote that his election was "a testimony of stature and [the high esteem he holds in the field of education locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally."
Wall Street Journal columnist Thomas Frank praised Ayers as a "model citizen" and a scholar whose "work is esteemed by colleagues of different political viewpoints." Studs Terkel called Ayers' memoir "a deeply moving elegy to all those young dreamers who tried to live decently in an indecent world."
In an October 2010 "Chicago Sun Times" editorial "Attacks on Ayers distort our history", former students of Ayers and UIC Alumni, Daniel Schneider and Adam Kuranishi, responded in opposition to the University of Illinois Board of Trustees' decision to deny Ayers Emeritus status. They write, "We juxtaposed the image of him painted by the media with the teacher we saw in class; and the two could not be more distinct. The Ayers in the media was frozen in time; he never left the 1960s, never aged out of his 20s, and never grew in perspective. As his students, we see through this representation ... Ayers is still committed to movements for peace and justice. His worldview and tactics are evolved and elaborate, thoughtful and wise, making him unrecognizable to the media's caricature. Should we not expect someone to evolve after 40 years? One may disagree with his activism, but it is impossible to ignore his hard work and contributions to urban education, juvenile justice reform, the University of Illinois and Chicago."
Criticism of Ayers and his work.
Radical bomber Jane Alpert criticized Ayers in 1974 "for his callous treatment and abandonment of Diana Oughton before her death, and for his generally fickle and high-handed treatment of women."
Reviewing Ayers' memoir in Slate Magazine, Timothy Noah said he couldn't recall reading "a memoir quite so self-indulgent and morally clueless as "Fugitive Days"." Sol Stern, a conservative opponent of liberal education policies, is a longtime critic of Ayers; he has "studied Mr. Ayers's work for years and read most of his books." Stern has written critiques of Ayers's career as an education reformer for City Journal and elsewhere. His criticism in summary: "Calling Bill Ayers a school reformer is a bit like calling Joseph Stalin an agricultural reformer.". "The media mainstreaming of a figure like Mr. Ayers could have terrible consequences for the country's politics and public schools."
Feminist critic Katha Pollitt sharply criticized Ayers' December 2008 "New York Times" opinion piece as a "sentimentalized, self-justifying whitewash of his role in the weirdo violent fringe of the 1960s-70s antiwar left." She castigates Ayers and his Weathermen cohorts for making "the antiwar movement look like the enemy of ordinary people" during the Vietnam War era.
Personal life.
Ayers is married to Bernardine Dohrn, a fellow former leader of the Weather Underground. They have two adult children (including Zayd, who was featured in the book "A Hope in the Unseen" as the college friend of the main character Cedric Jennings) and shared legal guardianship of Chesa Boudin, son of Kathy Boudin and David Gilbert. Boudin and Gilbert were former Weather Underground members who later joined the May 19 Communist Organization and were convicted of felony murder for their roles in that group's Brinks robbery. Chesa Boudin went on to win a Rhodes scholarship. Ayers and Dohrn currently live in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="19653645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653645" title="Frank Harmon (executive)">
Frank Harmon (executive)

Frank Harmon currently serves as executive vice president and chief operating officer for APP Pharmaceuticals. Prior to the spin-off of the proprietary business, Mr Harmon served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of Abraxis Pharmaceutical Products (APP) since September 2006, after having joined Abraxis in May 2006 as the executive vice president of global operations. Mr. Harmon oversees global manufacturing operations as well as the corporate quality assurance and quality control and the supply chain organizations as well as Generic Product Development, Regulatory Affairs and Operational Excellence. Prior to joining Abraxis, Mr. Harmon was the senior vice president, manufacturing operations for the Sterile Technologies Group at Cardinal Health where he was responsible for multiple sites throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. Mr. Harmon has also served as vice president, biopharmaceutical operations for Aventis Behring.
Mr. Harmon earned an MBA from St. Louis University and undergraduate B.S. degrees in biology and chemistry from Western Kentucky University.

</doc>
<doc id="19653659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653659" title="TASS Is Authorized to Declare...">
TASS Is Authorized to Declare...

TASS Is Authorized to Declare... (, translit. "TASS upolnomochen zayavit...") is a 1984 Soviet spy miniseries directed by Vladimir Fokin. The series is set in Cold War era and portrays the struggle of Soviet and American intelligence agencies. It is based on a novel by the same name by Yulian Semyonov (the author of cult spy series "Seventeen Moments of Spring"). "17 Moments" star Vyacheslav Tikhonov played KGB General Konstantinov, the main protagonist of the "TASS..." series.
Original film music score was composed by Eduard Artemyev as a blend of progressive rock and electronic music.
Plot summary.
"Trianon" (Boris Klyuev), a willing mole agent of Americans, is providing his CIA diplomatic-immuned handlers in Moscow with information on Soviet supplies to the fictional African state of Nagonia which he obtains through his high-positioned expert job. The KGB counterintelligence painstakingly identifies and neutralizes him. Trianon kills his fiancee who raised suspicions on his double life and then attempts to commit suicide when arrested, but the KGB secures his apprehension and interrogation.
At the same time in Nagonia, Soviet counterintelligence agent "Slavin" (Yuri Solomin) risks his life assisting in identification of "Trianon" and preventing local CIA resident "Glabb" (Vakhtang Kikabidze) from staging a coup d'etat in the country by pro-American General Ogano against ruling progressive president Grisso. Several foreign whistleblowers providing Slavin with information are killed by Glabb's order.
As the result of successful KGB operation, the TASS state news agency issues a sensational news bulletin exposing the CIA plot.

</doc>
<doc id="19653667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653667" title="Marguerite Sylva">
Marguerite Sylva

Marguerite Sylva (also known as Marguerita Sylva) (10 July 1875 – 21 February 1957) was a Belgian born mezzo-soprano who achieved fame not only on the opera stage but also in operetta and musical theatre. She was particularly known for her performances in the title role of Bizet's "Carmen", which she sang over 300 times in the course of her career. Sylva was a pioneering recording artist for Edison Records and made many recordings for the company between 1910 and 1912.
Biography.
Marguerite Sylva was born Marguerite Alice Hélène Smith in Brussels, to Mathilde (Schearer) Smith and Dr. Christian Charles Louis Smith, a Belgian of English parentage who was a consulting physician to the royal court of Belgium. Both she and her sister Edith were trained in music at the Belgian Royal Conservatory. Marguerite primarily studied the piano but also took private singing lessons. Edith went on to become a concert violinist of some renown, performing as Nadia Sylva. 
According to Marguerite Sylva's entry in the 1935 edition of "American women", it was W. S. Gilbert who gave the sisters their stage names. In early 1896 they were in London, where Edith was to play her violin for Gilbert, with Marguerite providing the piano accompaniment. Sylva recalled that after Edith finished playing, Gilbert asked her, "Don't you do anything?". She told him she "sang a little" and proceeded to sing the Habanera from "Carmen" to him. He offered her a part in his upcoming production of "The Grand Duke", but she turned it down saying that she wanted to "try grand opera first". After an audition with Augustus Harris, she was engaged to sing for the Drury Lane Theatre, and made her debut there in "Carmen". However, with Harris' death in June 1896, her opera aspirations ended. Instead she went to the United States with Herbert Beerbohm Tree's theatre company for a production of Gilbert Parker's "The Seats of the Mighty" at the Knickerbocker Theatre. Amongst the actors in the company was Gerald Du Maurier to whom she became engaged. The young couple had planned to pursue musical theatre careers together in the United States, but in the end the engagement was broken off. According to Beerbohm Tree, Sylva's mother had been opposed to the marriage. 
Du Maurier returned to the London stage. Sylva remained in the United States where she carved out an increasingly successful career in musical comedy, operetta and vaudeville. She appeared in the world premiere of "The Fortune Teller" by Victor Herbert and toured several U.S. cities playing the leading roles in "The Princess Chic", "Miss Bob White", and "The Strollers". She eventually formed the Marguerite Sylva Opera Company to produce comic operas and operettas under the management of Samuel F. Nixon and J. Fred Zimmerman. In 1902 she married the theatrical manager William David Mann. The couple left for France in 1904 where Sylva again became fascinated by opera. She found a teacher, Madame Delattre, and was soon engaged by the Opéra-Comique. She made her debut there on 14 September 1906 in the title role of "Carmen" to very good reviews. For the next three years Sylva sang with great success throughout France and Germany where she was a particular favourite. In 1909, Oscar Hammerstein invited her to return to America to sing for his opera company. On 1 September 1909, Marguerite Sylva made her American operatic debut as Carmen at the Manhattan Opera House.
In the ensuing years Sylva sang with Hammerstein's company (until a contractual dispute ended their professional relationship), the Boston Opera Company and with the San Carlo Opera Company in the United States. She also sang in Europe, including an acclaimed 1912 performance in "Carmen" at the Berlin Royal Opera with Enrico Caruso as Don José. She continued to appear on Broadway as well, with performances in the premieres of "Gypsy Love" and "The Skylark". For a time, Sylva enjoyed a celebrity status normally accorded to movie stars, and even had her own line of cosmetics. In 2008, Mark Swed wrote in "Los Angeles Times":
"Carmen" is not new to the Hollywood Bowl. On July 8, 1922, three days before the first season of "Symphonies Under the Stars," the Los Angeles Philharmonic, itself only 3 years old, mounted a lavish production of Bizet's opera. The cast numbered nearly 500. Massive sets of Seville surrounded the brand-new amphitheater. When soprano Marguerita Sylva, who starred, rolled into Union Station five days earlier, reporters were there to greet her as if she were a movie star. Proceeds from the performance financed the installation of the Bowl's first benches.
Sylva and her husband, William Mann, had become estranged during her years in France and were divorced in 1912. On 1 December 1915, Sylva married Lieut. Bernard L. Smith, who at the time was the assistant naval attaché at the American Embassy in Paris. The couple later had two daughters, Daphnee and Marita, both of whom went on to have minor careers as actresses. The marriage ended in divorce on grounds of desertion in 1929. In her later years, Sylva lived in North Hollywood where she played a series of small character roles in films and taught singing. A year before her death, she was the subject of the popular NBC television show "This Is Your Life". Amongst those paying tribute to Sylva was the mezzo-soprano Mariska Aldrich who had sung with her in Hammerstein's opera company and whose career path had been somewhat similar to Sylva's. On 20 February 
1957, Marguerite Sylva was driving her car when it went off the road and plowed into a house. She was severely injured in the accident and died the following day at the age of 81 in Behrens Memorial Hospital in Glendale, California.
Opera roles.
Although Marguerite Sylva's basic voice type was mezzo-soprano, she often took on soprano roles as well. (Her roles in operetta and comic opera are also included in this list.) 
On Broadway.
Marguerite Sylva's American stage debut was in the play, "The Seats of the Mighty" (1896). However, her early appearances on Broadway were mainly in musical comedies, comic operas and operettas. Sylva toured widely in the United States in this repertoire. This list is restricted to her known Broadway performances only: 
In film.
Sylva's earliest venture into cinema was probably the title role in a 1913 silent film of "Carmen" shot in Nîmes, France with M. Habay (an actor with the Théâtre Sarah Bernhardt) as Don José. Her first major role in a Hollywood film came in 1920 when she played Hilda Wilson in "The Honey Bee" directed by Rupert Julian. Her other film roles included:

</doc>
<doc id="19653708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653708" title="Selby Coalfield">
Selby Coalfield

Selby coalfield (also known as the Selby complex, or Selby 'superpit') was a large scale deep underground mine complex based around Selby, North Yorkshire, England, with pitheads at Wistow Mine, Stillingfleet Mine, Riccall Mine, North Selby Mine, Whitemoor Mine and at Gascoigne Wood Mine; all coal was brought to the surface and treated at Gascoigne Wood, being distributed onwards by rail. The primary purpose of the pit was to supply coal for electrical power generation; much of it was used in the nearby Aire valley power stations.
Mining peaked in 1993–4 at 12 million tonnes. The mines were acquired by RJB Mining in 1997 after the privatisation of the coal industry; loss of subsidy, geological problems, and low UK coal prices made the pits unprofitable by the 21st century. Closure was announced in 2002, and mining completely ceased by 2004.
History.
In 1974 the Labour Government and National Coal Board (NCB), backed by the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) initiated a decade long ambitious expansion of coal production, named the "Plan for Coal"; the plan was based on maximising income from indigenous coal reserves at a time when oil prices had risen (1973 oil crisis) to above that of coal. The plan included continued closure of older pits, and investment in new capacity; Selby Coalfield was a major element of the plan.
Exploratory drilling in the Selby area had taken place in the 1960s, and detailed exploration was carried out in the early 1970s, showing that a northern extension of the 'Barnsley Seam' was present and between 1.9 and 3.25 m thick, resulting in an estimate of 600 million tonnes of coal in the seam, with total estimated coal reserves of 2,000 million tonnes. Open extraction would have required a stripping ratio of around 500:1 so the coal was extracted by underground mining. A geological report ""Coal reserves in the Selby Area"" was published 1972, and planning permission sought for a mine in 1974, which was given in 1976 after opposition, including concerns about flooding of low lying land due to subsidence; extraction was limited to the Barnsley seam, though other seams existed.
The project was formally inaugurated by the Duchess of Kent in 1976. Initial estimates were for a construction cost of £400 million, with 4,000 people employed, with extraction beginning in the early 1980s and lasting for 40 years, producing 10 million tons per year. The scheme used an unusual arrangement of pits in the coal field – all coal was brought to the surface at the drift mine of Gascoigne Wood, whilst five pits were created to the east (Wistow, North Selby, Ricall, Stillingfleet, and Whitemoor) which transferred their coal via underground tunnels to Gascoigne Wood. As part of the construction processes the NCB paid for diversion of the East Coast Main Line from Selby to avoid areas that could be subject to mining subsidence. Above ground equipment such as the winding gear was constructed enclosed by cladding, and with limited height to limit the visual on the environment, which was a predominately rural landscape. Shafts for the pits began to be sunk in the late 1970s, in 1983 the Wistow Mine began production.
The new mine produced no coal in 1984/5 due to the UK miners' strike (1984–1985). Gascoigne Wood was the scene of clashes between pickets and police.
Output steadily rose during from 1984 to 1994, reaching 10 million tonnes p.a. in 1992–93.
In 1993/4 the complex had peak output of 12 million tonnes p.a. In 1994 the "Coal Industry Act" created the legal framework for the breakup of British Coal; in 1995 the coalfield was acquired by RJB Mining. Geological problems caused some coal seams to be ignored, and Whitemoor Mine merged with Riccall Mine in 1996, North Selby Mine merged with Stillingfleet Mine in 1997. By 2000 production was 4.4 million tonnes p.a.
Between 1995 and 1999 the operation turned from being successfully profitable to loss making, the first loss was recorded in 1999; relatively fixed costs associated with the single exit point at Gascoigne Wood meant that the mine became less profitable as production was reduced at the five pits. By 2000 the loss was (£30 million pa), and received no subsidy; in 2002 the closure of the Selby coalfield in 2003/4 was announced by UK Coal. Mining ended in 2004 at Wistow (May), Stillingfleet (July), and Riccall (October). The total amount of coal mined was 121 million tonnes.
Post closure.
The Gascoigne Wood Mine site is the largest, with developable land, and best connected of the former mine sites, with rail connection onto the former Leeds and Selby Railway (Leeds-Hull line) including sidings for trains of up to 775 m. On site facilities include a 58 MW electrical grid connection, and the site is close to the large Sherburn-in-Elmet Industrial Estate, and directly south of the Sherburn-in-Elmet Airfield. Planning permission for re-use of buildings and infrastructure was granted in 2007. Beginning 2008 part of the site has been used on short term lease to British Gypsum for storage of Gypsum produced at Drax Power Station as a byproduct of flue gas desulphurisation. The site has also been proposed for use as a manufacturing site for rail vehicles (Hitachi, rejected 2010), and an Eco-town development (rejected by Selby district council 2008).
The Whitemoor Mine site has been converted to mixed commercial use as "Whitemoor Business Park".
Riccall Mine has been converted to an industrial and office development, having received planning permission for the development in 2007.
In 2009 the North Selby Mine was proposed as a renewable energy site, using waste as a feedstock for electricity generation. The initially proposed energy generation methods of incineration and gasification were dropped in 2011 with the plan had been modified to include a larger facility for anaerobic digestion, as well as using in vessel composting of organic waste. As of March 2012 the status of the development is undecided.
As of early 2012 Stillingfleet Mine has been partially redeveloped, being used for extraction and generation from coal mine gas, further redevelopment is being sought.
As of early 2012 Wistow Mine has not been redeveloped, land manager Haworth Estates, is seeking redevelopment of the site which utilises the legacy on site facilities, which includes a 12 MW electrical grid connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19653723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19653723" title="Minuscule 69">
Minuscule 69

Minuscule 69 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), δ 505 (Soden), known as "Codex Leicester", or "Codex Leicestrensis", is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on paper and parchment leaves. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 15th century. Some leaves of the codex were lost. The text-type is eclectic. It has been examined and collated by many palaeographers and textual critics. Although it is of late date, its text is remarkable from the point of view of textual critic. There are no marginalia. It is carelessly written with breathings and accents often given wrongly.
Description.
Contents.
The codex contains the entire New Testament with four lacunae (Matthew 1:1-18:15; Acts 10:45-14:17; Jude 7-25; Apocalypse 19:10-22:21) on 213 leaves (). The text of the manuscript skips from Acts 10:45 to 14:17 without a break; possibly a scribe rewrote it from a defective manuscript. The codex is written on 91 leaves of parchment and 122 of paper. Usually two parchment leaves are followed by three paper leaves. The paper was very poor quality. It is so bad that four of the leaves were written only on one side.
The leaves are arranged in quarto (four leaves in quire). There are catchwords from quire to quire and the first half of each quire the leaves are numbered (2nd, 3rd, 4th).
The original order of books was: Pauline epistles, Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, Revelation of John, Gospels. The Pauline epistles precede Acts of the Apostles (like in Codex Sinaiticus). This order was changed by a binder: Gospels, Pauline epistles, Acts, Catholic epistles, and Apocalypse.
The text of Rev 18:7-19:10 is a fragmentary.
It has some non-biblical additional material like: "An explanation of the Creed and the Seven Councils" (fol. 159v), the "Lives of the Apostles" (fol. 160v), "Limits of the Five Patriarchates" (fol. 161r) like codices 211 and 543.
It contains Prolegomena to the Hebrews, the tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") precede the three later Gospels with very unusual variations, but without corresponding numbers of the κεφαλαια ("chapters") at the margin. There is no division into chapters or sections, no references to the Eusebian Canons, no liturgical markings at the margin. The marginal notes are often illegible. It contains subscriptions at the end of each book. In subscriptions are given numbers of στιχοι and numbers of ρηματα.
The headings of the Gospels are titled as in codex 178 — εκ του κατα Μαρκον.
Scribal habit.
The text is written in one column per page, 37-38 lines per page. The large initial letters at the beginning of each book are written in red.
The writing is rather rough and inelegant. It was written by a strange hand, "epsilon" being recumbent and so much like "alpha", that it is not clear which was intended. The accents are placed over the succeeding consonant of the vowel. "The whole style of writing resembling a careless scrawl" (Scrivener). There are numerous marginal notes written by a beautiful hand. This hand wrote words Ειμι Ιλερμου Χαρκου at the top of the first page. The hand of the corrector is nearly old as the scribe.
The name ιησους is always written at full length up to John 21:15, where we meet with ις, and in 41 other places, 19 of which are in the Acts. The nomina sacra are contracted in a usual way (δαδ, ις, κς, ουνος, ανος, χς, ιηλ, ιλημ, σηρ, πηρ, μηρ, πνα, στρος, and παρνος). The abbreviation χς (χρισος) once was used for χρηστος.
Ferrar enumerated 1129 errors of itacism in the codex: ο for ω (190 occurrences), ω for ο (126), η for ει (93), ει for η (104), ι for ει (77), ει for ι (62), η for ι (87), ι for η (46), ε for αι (73), αι for ε (72), ε for η (24), η for ε (20), υ for η (27 – rare elsewhere), η for υ (28), ου for ω (13), ω for ου (16), οι for ι (3), ι for οι (3), η for ευ (1 – in Luke 12:16), υ for ι (15), ι for υ (14), υ for η (6), υ for ε (1), υ for οι (4), υ for ει (3), οι for υ (4), οι for η (9), ο for ου (3), η for οι (3). There is also θ for τ (after σ) in Mark 10:40 and Luke 11:7.
N ephelkystikon is rarely omitted.
There are some unusual for late mediaeval manuscripts grammar forms: ειπαν (twice only – Matthew 26:35; Luke 20:2), ηλθατε (Matthew 25:36), εξηλθατε (Matthew 26:55; Mark 14:48; Luke 7:24.25.26; 22:52), εισηλθατε (all instances), ανεπεσαν (John 6:10), παραγενομενος (Luke 14:21).
In some cases the accusatives are written with ending -αν for -α, e.g. νυκταν, θυγατεραν, χειραν. The gender is sometimes altered, verbs in -αω or -οω are formed as those in -εω (e.g. επηρωτουν, Luke 3:10; 20:27; επετιμουν, Luke 18:15; ετολμουν; ερωτουν; εμβριμουμενος and others). The augment is often omitted after Luke 11:44, but all before Luke 9, and there is a double augment in ηπηντησαν (John 4:51).
Text.
Textually codex 69 is very remarkable; it belongs to Family 13, as very important member of this group—according to some scholars even the most important. The Greek text of the Gospels of this codex is representative of the Caesarean text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. It was confirmed by the Claremont Profile Method.
In Pauline epistles and Catholic epistles its text is a Byzantine. Aland placed it in Category V. In the Book of Revelation its text belongs to the Byzantine text-type, but with a large number of unique textual variants, in close relationship to the Uncial 046 and Minuscule 61, which appears to have been copied from it. These three manuscripts constitute a subgroup of the Byzantine text-type.
The text of Christ's agony at Gethsemane (Luke 22:43-44) is placed after Matt 26:39. The Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11) is placed after Luke 21. This is typical for the manuscripts of the Ferrar Group.
In John 4:5 it reads Σιχαρ for Συχαρ.
In 2 Cor 11:17 it reads ανθρωπον for κυριον.
Although there is no liturgical equipment in the codex, many of its various readings have arisen from lectionaries.
History.
Wettstein and J. Rendel Harris dated the manuscript to the 14th century, C. R. Gregory to the 15th century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 15th century. Rendel Harris suggested that it was written by Emmanuel from Constantinople.
The manuscript was presented to George Neville, Archbishop of York (1465–1472). It once belonged to Richard Brinkley (or Brinkeley), who probably got it from Covenant of Grey Friars at Cambridge (like minuscule 61). Then it belonged to William Chark (or Charc), mentioned in marginal notes of codex 61. Then it belonged to Thomas Hayne, who in 1641 gave this codex with his other books to the Leicester Library.
John Mill was permitted to use this manuscript at Oxford, and collated it there in 1671 (as L). Another collation was made by John Jackson and William Tiffin was lent to Wettstein through César de Missy. Wettstein had observed a close affinity between this codex and minuscule 13. It was also examined by Edward Gee. Tregelles re-collated it in 1852 for his edition of the Greek New Testament. Scrivener collated it again in 1855 and published his results, with a full description in the Appendix to his "Codex Augiensis". It was collated by T. K. Abbott along with three other manuscripts of the Ferrar family (marked by L). It was examined and described by Rendel Harris. Gregory saw it in 1883.
Formerly it was held in the library of the Town Council of Leicester. The codex now is located in Leicestershire Record Office (Cod. 6 D 32/1) at Leicester.

</doc>
