<doc id="19647061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647061" title="Fuzzy locating system">
Fuzzy locating system

Fuzzy locating is a rough but reliable method based on appropriate measuring technology for estimating a location of an object. The concept of precise or "crisp locating" is replaced with respect to the operational requirements and the economic viability. In most cases the knowledge of exact coordinates does not contribute to operations, but the spatial or planar relation between entities is relevant. Hence fuzzy locating determines the radial distances between entities involved in an operational process and reduces the required accuracy of measurement to basic qualities of "close", "near" or "far" and to relations simple as "in" or "out". However such segregation shall be achieved with high reliability and sound repetition.
Basics.
The term "fuzzy" relates to rough spatial coincidence or contiguity assessment compared to the alternative "crisp locating", which derives precise coordinates of a location of an object. The fuzzy part of the locating process balances the physical and the mathematical portions of processing measurement data of the objects involved and a priori knowledge with the operational ambience. 
The result of fuzzy locating shall suffice for operational support and not for metric confirmation of measures taken at earlier occasions. However, available information is exploited as "a priori" knowledge. Fuzzy locating compares with the distinction respectively segregation of mathematical logic with the terms "crisp sets" and "crisp relations" or "fuzzy sets" and "fuzzy relations".
Systematic and stochastic errors occurring under operational requirements and conditions turn virtually precise measures in a friendly ambience to fuzzy metrics. In even worse ambient conditions, which mostly applies to wireless propagation in ISM bands, this leads to erratic results and various misinterpretation. In consequence, the trade-off between technical effort and achieved operational support adjusts inevitably to physical limitations as well as to weaknesses in mathematical modeling. Better resolved balancing deliberately neglects classical terms of precision in favour of a strong commitment for operational unambiguity.
The techno-economic challenge.
Generally, precision is obtained at expense. The balancing of capital expenditure and of operational cost shall take into account not what is possible, but what is necessary. A better designed balancing leads to the less precise fuzzy locating at much lesser expense: As a more general approach, fuzzy locating is a method for best estimating a roughly determined location of an object as a distinction of operational contiguity. Contiguity means more or less a handy distance between an individual and an object. Three basic situations generally apply:
In all three cases the absolute coordinates are not of interest, as long as the discrimination of rooms or work positions is reliably achieved.
Wireless, optical and acoustical approaches.
For the locating task, an object to be located must be at least equipped with a wireless tag in a wireless communication environment. Each operating wireless target in a wireless communication environment may contribute. Prerequisite for radio frequency based wireless cooperation is some cohesion of the wireless nodes in a networking concept. Each wireless target has at least one physical propagation parameter that varies with location. Better qualified approaches make use of more than one physical parameter. 
Alternatively, optical and acoustical solutions are known. Variation of parameters is partly deterministic with varying distances between wireless nodes. A location estimate approximating the real location of the transmitter, preferably under real time constraints, is determined on the basis of a stochastical model of propagation and a model for the process of observation in a noisy ambience and on a chosen set of observed deterministic parameters of transmission and propagation.
Implemented examples.
Several suppliers offer the so-called electronic leash solution. This serves for wirelessly tethering mobile appliances with each other. The RSSI estimate serves for a radial metrics but without any certified calibration. Setting an alarm on unintentional loss is the key service offered with this concept.
An advanced aspect has been launched with Bluetooth low energy for better economized battery life cycle. Special trimming serves for two years operation from a button cell.
Comparison to metric locating.
Metric or crisp locating determines a spatial or planar relationship between independently moving or residing entities (usually addressed as targets) by means of qualified methods for measuring distances. This is the topic for example of 
These technologies generally make use of a travel time measurement as the approach with best resolution and precision. Further enhancement is achieved with time differences discriminated for several paths. Such basic or enhanced travel time measurement requires a multiplicity of measures for unambiguous locating. 
All of these sophisticated physical methods of measuring are hampered with a challenge caused by motion and caused by transmitter population. This makes restrictions effective in time both for observation and capture and for communication of measurement data. In consequence, the pecuniary and the technical effort adjusts to physical limitations and the limited metric precision with a special aspect to operational clarity. Such balancing neglects classical terms of metric precision, prevents from over-interpreting erratic measures and provides sufficient escape.
Additionally the model of propagation contributes to the achieved results. In satellite based systems, direct line of sight is generally required, without escape. That determines the restriction with applying such approach between buildings or, even worse, inside buildings: The highest precision does not compensate for bad visibility. Whenever the path of propagation gets cranked, the result of time measurement gets biased.
In comparison to locating on the move, exactly determining a location with highest possible precision is the topic of geodesy and surveying. These disciplines traditionally do not deal with motion and may integrate over long time. The terms of 'locating', 'positioning' and 'navigating' or 'surveying' are commonly used in almost equivalence, hence neglecting that the sense of these terms is different concerning sensor and actor functions and motion conditions.
Radio signal strength indication (RSSI) as a coarse metrics.
For many purposes, a distinct and reliable determination of a location relative to somewhat rastered position on a floor or just a room in a building will be sufficient for sound fuzzy locating by single measurements.
Typically fuzzy locating coincides with simple power level measurement, usually configured as unilateration. A combination of multiple distance measurement, as a multilateration, based on power level measurement, appears unbalanced. The effort for multiple measures aiming at an unambiguous multilateration process will not be justified with the achievable precision of the results of power level measures.
Though leaving some ambiguity with sparse measurements, the contiguity may be assessed applying a priori knowledge. Such includes primarily tracking motion over time. As a generalized approach the fuzzy locating based on power levels measured with wireless nodes will roughly suffice for coarse guessing a location, where an object or a person with a wireless node resides in contiguity to other wireless nodes in a wireless environment.
Therefore each wireless node recognises the received power level with the distance to the transmitting wireless node and this parameter can be measured. Some additional calibration parameters serve as a basis for the statistical model of the parameters of propagation in a known neighborhood of distributed wireless nodes and of other passive objects, which influence propagation. A location estimate, which approximates the approach of the transmitting node, will be described with the stochastic model of propagation and the statistics of the monitored parameters.
Offered discrimination of positions.
For applications where no need for absolute coordinates determination is assessed, the implementing of a more simple solution is advantageous. Compared to multilateration as the concept of "crisp locating", the other option is "fuzzy locating", where just one distance delivers the relation between detector and detected object. This most simple approach is unilateration. However, such unilateration approach never delivers the angular position with reference to the detector. Many solutions are available today.
Offered qualities with auxiliary mapping.
Increasing accuracy means increasing cost. The most indirect approach is the increase of distributed anchor nodes. The first direct approach simply is a fixed excitation through wall-mounted wireless nodes or optical excitors. That will provide a sound room discrimination in any case. The second direct approach is the position discrimination using apparently available infrastructure objects, as with networked work stations yet equipped with Bluetooth transponders.
The easy escape beyond increase of accuracy in measuring is the accuracy gain with mapping. Such mapping seldom suffices when performed statically. The more advantageous approach is a combination of initial mapping based on floor plans or area maps with an intelligent update based on updates obtained from actual measuring. That is offered with the concept of "simultaneous Locating and Mapping".
Physical restrictions.
Measurement of propagation parameters is generally heavily loaded with various noise components. Such noise may be stochastic (noise) or deterministic or a mixture of noises with limited bandwidth (noise).
As with all wireless systems, qualities of measurement in any one aspect contradict to qualities in some other aspects:
Such contracdictions result in challenges for systems performance and in hard restrictions concerning timely parallel availability of certain quality levels. 
Facing limitations as inevitable, the implementer of a locating systems has to determine the operational requirements first and then has to make a choice under a set of alternatives and must scale the adjoint limitations. The outcome is always a compromise with trade offs usually in budgetary effort and in technical precision. Any chosen alternative generally will exclude certain other technical options from operational availability.
Noisy ambience as a general condition.
In technical terms, operational environments are generally noisy. For measuring, that is not a friendly ambience. Systematic and stochastic errors under operational requirements and conditions turn virtually precise measures to fuzzy metrics. The measuring results get in worse in a densely populated ambience, especially in the vicinity of other electrically active objects. Even physically passive surfaces contribute to the measurement problem. All physical effects tend to contribute unsteady and non linear behavior. Hence the physical measurement errors lead to biased or erratic results under such noisy conditions.
Frequency spread as an option.
One escape from collision problems with wireless networks is the separation of the measuring and the communications processes with allocation to different frequencies, however requiring respective dual transponder capabilities. 
Another escape from collision problems with wireless networks is the spread of signals with stochastic coding.
Time as a restriction for measuring.
Even if targets do not move, time is a restriction with the performing of a locating function. The first impact is that of allowed minimal distinct time differences that define the theoretically best resolution. This varies conceptually between phase discrimination in fractions of a cycle to be measured and full cycles to be counted. In competition for non-colliding transmission, time may appear as the main aspect with systems that use the very same frequency band. Other stochastic frequency allocation may ease the thrive for results, but normally coincide with lower allowance for power according to the set conditions of unlicensed usage.
Allowable time differences mostly vary with motion of the observed target. As for locating with absolute coordinates in a noisy environment several measurements are required and for disambiguation in space generally four measurements from independent reference points determine a target location, time appears as the sparse parameter.
Sequencing as a restriction.
In general, the strict sequencing of tasks appears with single tasking in one processor. Similarly the factual sequencing on only one frequency results from anti collision procedures. Both types of sequencing produce some dilation of time (with anti collision) or some dilution of location (with moving targets), while the respective wireless processes are performed by each target.
Bandwidth as a restriction.
The measuring of signals with steady modulation is bound to the bandwidth of the modulated carrier. The measuring of chirped signals is equivalently bound to the bandwidth of the transmitted pulses. In both methods, the available bandwidth will limit the precision of measurements.
Resolution as a restriction.
Technical means for measuring offer limited resolution and respective digitizing errors. This limits again the quality of results. Any way to overcome such limits raises system cost. Hence the escape again is not in improving the technical effort, but directs to the mathematical yield.
Battery life cycle as a limiting factor.
The use of primary or secondary cells in wireless nodes limits both the time of operation as well as the life cycle without change for fresh batteries or just recharging. The mode of operation will be designed accordingly to widen the span of battery supply. That may be achieved by sleep up mode with respective wake up circuitry, operating without receiver in connectionless beacon mode, low repetition cycles and optimally low transmission power. An integrated loading circuit raises cost but saves the cost for external contacts. An unchangeable primary battery improves by lower self discharge compared to secondary cells, but causes the need for complete replacement or at least of the casing facultatively.
Motion as a dynamic challenge.
When a target moves at a certain speed, the sequential measuring of distances from such transmitter target to a set of responder targets may deliver distance data for the subsequent locations at each measuring directly back to the transmitter target. This effect is independent from architecture of the network. 
However, a measuring triggered from the transmitter target but performed almost in parallel by a set of receiver targets delivers a much better result under motion conditions, but requires either a server function for collecting the resulting data or requires additional response back to the triggering transceiver target. 
The other escape is to apply a procedure to bundle the required measurements for each target in direct sequence thus reducing one effect of motion challenge by saving the preparation times for a reporting communications link. If not, then the competition for non-colliding transmission will lengthen the time span for each set of transmissions.
Population as restriction.
When several targets move independently in the same area or space and same wireless reach and also request locating independently and potentially in timely conflict using on the very same frequency for communications and for measurement, then the required measurements in one single ambience may collide. One escape again is the separation of the measuring and the communications processes with allocation to different frequencies, however requiring respective dual transponder capabilities.
Line of sight as a problem.
In any case, line of sight is required for correct distance measurements. This may be eased by using auxiliary targets, but then increases the count of measurements. And the usage of auxiliary targets burdens the results with an increase of numeric inaccuracy.
Multipath propagation as a problem.
Multipath propagation is inevitable with wireless systems. The reception from any transmitter and the response to any transmission are both challenged by the option of multiple propagation paths. If there is none but a single cranked path, there is no desired result at all, and the option to discriminate false measures from proper measures fails completely.
Typical issues with multipath propagation are fading, dither, diffraction, combining as non-linearity effects for the distance model. Additionally with power level measure the transmission through walls delivers rough errors, even with travel time measurement such error occurs.
Mathematical requirements and options.
Mathematics serves for everything that cannot be covered by physics approaches. The assumption that a most qualified electro technical approach solves all problems arising from measurement is naïve and does not lead to sufficient results. At least thriving for best performance only at the expense of electronics is not an economized approach.
An operationally sufficient locating system will balance benefit and effort. Measurement and estimate shall take motion into account. This must not include the measuring of motion itself, but proper assessment of current and past motion to estimates. All estimate approximating the real location of the target is determined on the basis of a statistical model for the observed stochastic processes. Such model and estimation will use the set of observed propagation parameters. Some calibration data may serve as a basis for a statistical model of the propagation parameters. Such calibration is performed versus a spatial distribution of radio energy and with aspect to a known spatial distribution of corresponding targets. Other passive objects affecting propagation interfere with wireless operation and measurement.
Filtering as a basic requirement.
Any measurement is always biased with disturbances from ambient radiation out of electrical units with switches, from other wireless units and from stationary equipment as computers. To eliminate erratic results, some estimation based on past behavior, current dynamic properties and with reference to coupling mechanisms is recommended. State of the art for such tracking is e.g. extended Kalman filtering. Approaches that do not apply filtering produce no reasonable results.
However, scalar filtering uses the model of residence in a fixed location or stationary motion. If abrupt turning the direction of motion, the filter algorithm may totally fail until filtering has recovered from tracking a sufficient walk in the new direction has been performed.
Statistics as a means for estimation.
In case of biased signals the prerequisite for filtering is some statistic estimation, which serves for eliminating the large errors and smoothes a sequence of measurement results. This may be integrated with filtering, as far as the eliminating of large errors does not bias the filtering process under any conditions.
Quadratic equations as a problem.
The determining equations are quadratic ones, thus requiring at least one more equation (n+1) than defined by dimension (n). This leads to a minimum requirement of three equations for planar problems and four equations for spatial problems.
Over determination as a support.
The common approach to locating calculations may be the inversion of the Euclidic distance equations. However, such deterministic approach does not serve for the balancing in over determined equation systems. The easy approach is the exploitation of Gauss’ least squares principle with the multi dimensional scaling according to Torgerson.
Wireless coexistence.
Many offered systems architectures and product offerings use license free ISM frequency bands and reside in similar channel patterns. The operating of fuzzy locating shall not compromise the communications options. Some restrictions apply not to infringe this requirement.
Technology approaches and options.
The second step after scalar calculation is the involvement of model data according to the dimensionality of the motion. If reference is made to targets in other planes but the plane on which the moving targets may operate, such model must be a three-dimensional model. For model based operations, there are several options.
Coincident locating as the initial option.
Imagine a worker operating with a handheld reader of any type. The person is skilled to capture the identity of an object and used reader will report the capturing with time stamp. Such report discloses the location of capture as far as this information is reported in contents. The mandatory condition could be some automatic means to capture the location at the moment of identifying. In all other cases the quality and reliability of the location report limits the validity of the e.g. vocally reported data.
In all implementations of automatic data acquisition and locating systems the option of locating a handheld reader in the moment of manual triggering shall be foreseen as the fall back option. Otherwise the robustness of automatic data acquisition systems operation is bound to availability of automatic operation only.
Choke point locating as the poorest option.
A choke point is a static bottleneck in process flow designs. There the passage of individuals and/or objects may indicate the identity of such entity to a steadily installed identifier unit. This approach under all conditions is restricted to just one location. 
Politics and Sales force may describe that as locating, but it is definitively still just identifying.
Power mapping as a first poor option.
Propagation of radio signals happens according to Maxwell’s equations and includes attenuation in atmosphere proportional to distance, Such concept is the basis for power mapping. The irregularities from local ambient conditions may be taken into account by power measurement in the operational area to correct the theoretically linear attenuation with distance. However, this approach does not work with an accuracy of better than 10% of the calculated distances in the range of propagation, thus leading to accuracies in the range of some meters.
Time distance equivalence for radiation.
Propagation of radio signals happens according to Maxwell’s equations and includes travel time in atmosphere proportional to distance, Such concept is the basis for precise distance measurement. The irregularities from local ambient conditions are not dominant, thus the approach is more precise than power measurement. So this approach works with an accuracy of better than 1% of the calculated distances in the range of propagation, thus leading to accuracies in the range of some centimeters. However, this approach serves as well for line of sight propagation as for indirect reflected propagation.
Space model as a strong option.
To escape the biasing with secondary paths, there must be some reasoning that excludes the physically impossible locations from sets of results from locating. Simply, all calculated locations in material will be assessed as erratic, all calculated locations at distances not possible with inherent speed limits will be assessed as erratic and all locations above ground will be assessed impossible for floor operation.
The requirement for space modeling leads to depicting the operational planes different from the limits to such planes, as walls, racks, and other installations.
Statistical model to exploit the measurements.
There is no chance to base stable results for location on single measurements. Statistics allow for 
The methods for computing a set of results are described in context of various applications not just with locating technologies.
Fuzzy reasoning with discrete spatial compartments.
As far as locating just has to support discrimination of rooms where a target may reside, the continuous model approaches may be combined with reasoning procedures to eliminate improbable results and to exclude operationally invalid locations from potential depicting a scenery. The known methods of inference apply to such processing.
Geometric mapping contributions to reasoning.
As far as the ambient operational conditions are stable, a geometric mapping of the neighborhood may support the reasoning. Then all massive obstacles describe the residual space of operation. As well such mapping will support the systematic and well determined consideration of multipath propagation effects. Hence geometric mapping derives the major gain compared to Bayes' estimators.
Adaptive approaches.
A common approach as preparatory mapping requires steady conditions and a constant ambience. This crucial condition is not fulfilled in dynamic operational theatres. However, a robust solution will always detect and investigate the actual conditions and reconnoiter the present ambience. For robot navigation, the methods of adaptive systems design, hence application of learning functions, is state of the art. However, adaptation requires time. A fully adaptive solution not applying a priori knowledge will be rather slow and will show limited dynamics. A balanced combination of adaptive functions will allow for best performance in a generally known ambience and cope for all changes that occurred after last encounter.
Operational requirements.
Locating arises from operational challenges. Traditional understanding of well kept enterprises with well educated staff is undermined with a thriving for reduced skills to achieve lesser cost. In result and in addition with continuing socio-economical disparities the processes and objects under control are threatened by negligence, fraud and theft.
Evidence.
A simple indication of presence is given with the signal used for locating an object or a person. However, as presence may be temporary, a time stamp is required to adduce evidence in retrospective.
Cooperation requirement.
Persons carrying transponders or tagged objects with transponders might not be willing to be observed though having agreed earlier to this process. Then cooperation may be technically required, but individually denied. The robustness of the detection hence shall not be dependent to such cooperation. Especially covering the transponder or tearing off the transponder or otherwise tampering must be sensed automatically.
Proof of presence.
The presence of an object or a person in an operational vicinity is a strong demand. Absence of required resources generally affects planned processes. Therefore the proof of presence may be performed as far as possible before binding of additional resources happens.
Co-locating of staff.
Specially team work is bound to availability of required staff. The persons involved in a scheduled operation are well skilled to determine who is missing, but locating the missing parties is not that easy and may be strongly improved by system support.
Discrimination of rooms.
To allow for operation the respective room shall coincide with the scheduled action. Any request to operate under restrictions outside the planned confined area is suspect and may challenge security of processes and of secured knowledge. Locating the acting entities in the named confinement contributes to fulfilling security requirements.
Coincidence of presence and challenge.
A person may try to access secured data, material or other resources outside the well secured rooms or areas. However, control may not always secure the subordination of the user to given orders. Locating simply in close distance or just in contiguity to allowed work positions may confirm the request for access as a basic feature.
Other application is coincidence of service provider, e.g.physician, with service requestor, e.g. patient, in a hospital. After identifying both persons as estimating their radial distance then access to the patient's file may be granted without any error. Such function would not be viable with "precise" or "crisp" systems as precision and allowable cost are in contradiction with absolute coordinate estimates.
Quality requirements.
The above listed terms will show that the definition of desired precision and accuracy, of repeatability and delays alone does not comply with a proper definition of requirements under aspects of cost. However, other terms of quality apply without restrictions.
Tamper proof identity.
Basic requirement for any means to support locating is a tamper proof inherent identity of the carrying target with secured access. The secrecy of the identity prevents from plump copying threat and the tamper protection prevents from manipulating the target.
Self identifying authenticity.
Persons who pursue to access data and applications normally authenticate themselves. Such authentication is generally bound to known locations, where the persons are authorized to perform work. Locating persons when they challenge authorization procedures is and advantage to prevent from fraud and theft.
Object identifying security.
Numerous means are known to identify objects. Normally the location where hand held units are operated are just roughly determined by the access point where connection to network is made. However such locating is still an improvement in many operations to secure knowledge about whereabouts of objects upon identifying.
Tracking capability.
In larger context of spatially distributed services and especially in logistics, numerous objects are in use in parallel, in different locations or on the move. Especially with transportation whereabouts of objects are understood as an essential to achieve high quality of service. As far as trust is with the forwarder, no problem exists on the journey and locating may happen just on leave and upon arrival. But third party infringements may collide with this assumption and generate a demand for permanent tracking on the journey as well. Then fuzzy locating is an economized and sufficient approach, which shall not provide location data with high metric accuracies, but status information with checkable and justifiable evidence.
Tracing capability.
In case single objects are lost, the capability to trace the whereabouts is another option to get access to the missing target again. However, this tracing is performed on yet available data and no means will deliver the data from the past without respective precautions. Especially in transportation whereabouts of lost objects are understood as an essential to retrieve the missing belongings.
Alert on deviation.
Easily any deviation from planned course, set route and scheduled arrival may lead to an alert. This requires timely locating and comparison of captured data with planning.

</doc>
<doc id="19647070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647070" title="Plastic City">
Plastic City

Plastic City, a German record label located in Mannheim, releases since 1993 various artists and DJs in tech house f.ex. The Timewriter and Terry Lee Brown Junior, Marshall Jefferson, AWeX (f.ex Tom Wax), Steve Poindexter, Kriss Dior aka Bassface Sascha, David Alvarado, Andry Nalin (Nalin & Kane), Alexi Delano und G-Pal. Until 2003 it was owned by UCMG. For a short-term period Holophon adopted it and since 2004 „Plastic City“ belongs to Daredo.
Between 1995 and 2002 Plastic City was also located in London (Plastic City UK) and New York (Plastic city America) with several individual single releases and its own repertoire (tribe) of artists. In consequences of the September 11th, 2001 and the fact, that the New Yorker bureau was located in the neighbourhood of Ground Zero, label activities had been stopped. Also „Plastic City UK“ didn’t release any new albums for a short-term period. A lot of artists of this time from both sister labels are now releasing directly on the mother label in Germany.
The musical responsibility has firstly Alexander Hendorf (A&R). Afterwards appeared Babak Shayan (2001-2002). Since 2004 Joachim Keil assumes full responsibility for Plastic City, whereas since 2006 Alex Flatner is responsible for artists management. 
The most successful releases of Plastic City are Compilation series of Terry’s Café (1-12), Deep Train (1-6) as well as the albums of Terry Lee Brown Junior and The Timewriter. Since August 2008 there is a weekly radio show at the Sonica Radio station Ibiza with Gorge.
The Label philosophy.
Plastic city a town, doesn’t made of stones and metal, but made up on the thoughts of their listeners. That, at least has been mentioned by Scientists in 2495 in „Scientists Report network“ (so written in English on a lot of covers since 1995 till today). Thereby, Plastic City has something mystical; it should be timeless but still keeps his flow. It is a town (built by thoughts), where the inhabitants and their positions are indeterminate, as new dimensions are developing constantly and changes are taking place.
The releases of Plastic City are divided in so called time ages like “Reconstructed“ (1998 – 2002), „Maybe, Plastic City“ (2003-2006) and actually „Imagination of the shape“ (2006-today).

</doc>
<doc id="19647098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647098" title="Arthur Samuel Kendall">
Arthur Samuel Kendall

Arthur Samuel Kendall (March 25, 1861 – July 18, 1944) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton in the Canadian House of Commons from 1900 to 1904 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia, the son of the Reverend S.F. Kendall. Kendall was educated at Mount Allison College, Halifax Medical College, Bellevue Hospital Medical School in New York City and Guy's Hospital Medical School in London. He became a member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1884 and was Medical Health Officer for Cape Breton. Kendall served as a town councillor for Sydney in 1888. Kendall ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1896. He represented Cape Breton County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1897 to 1900 and from 1904 to 1911.
A social reformer, he was concerned about poverty and the impact of industrialization on Cape Breton Island. He supported improving workers' living conditions, old-age pensions, a shorter work week and a workmen's compensation act. He was nicknamed the "miner's friend" because of his support for coal mine workers.
His brother, Henry Ernest Kendall, served as Lieutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia in the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="19647100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647100" title="Timité Sekou">
Timité Sekou

Timité Oussou Sekou (born 11 May 1985 in Bondoukou) is an Ivorian association footballer. He is a classic Centre forward, but can also play as a Supporting Striker.
Career.
Sekou began his career by Issia Wazi who was transferred 2004 to Issia Wazi, before on 28 July 2005 joined to Espérance Sportive de Tunis. Then left in January 2006 Espérance and joined to CLP-1 rivals Olympique Béja. In Summer 2008 left Olympique Béja and moved to Europe Challenge League club FC Winterthur in Switzerland, who he 6 months played and left to sign a contract with Stade Tunisien. and joined home side African Sports of Côte d'Ivoire in January 2012. and joined home side JS Saoura of Algeria in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19647106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647106" title="Assia (singer)">
Assia (singer)

Assia (born on November 1, 1973, in Algiers) is an Algerian-born French singer with Kabyle origins. Her albums mixed French variety, rhythm and blues, and Oriental music. She had great success with her hit singles "Elle est à toi" and "Là-bas".
Biography.
At a young age, she spent twelve years at the classical conservatory in Créteil (near Paris), then a few years later obtained a law degree.
From 1998 to 1999, Assia participated in "Une Affaire de famille" with Stomy Bugsy, Passi and Doc Gynéco of the Sector A and the soundtrack of the movie "Taxi" with the song "Ghir Dini".
In 2000, she released her first album entitled "Chercheuse d'or" (recorded in Paris, Toulouse and Los Angeles). Assia wrote the texts and his brother Khalil signed the music. Her first top single "Elle est à toi" (over 700,000 copies) was written in collaboration with Calbo of Arsenik. The second single is "Là-bas" (music video directed by J.G. Biggs).
In 2002, Assia played in the musical "Cindy" with Lââm in the lead role.
In 2003, she released a single with Beenie Man, "Street Life".
In 2005, Assia released her second album, "Encore et Encore", recorded in Spain, whose second single "Politiquement Correct" was co-written with Diam's.
Discography.
Singles.
1 Duet with Doc Gyneco
2 Duet with Julien Clerc
3 Duet with Rohff
4 Duet with Beenie Man

</doc>
<doc id="19647115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647115" title="Please Mr. Please">
Please Mr. Please

"Please Mr. Please" is the title of a popular song from 1975 (see 1975 in music) by the Australian singer Olivia Newton-John. The song was written by Bruce Welch and John Rostill, both members of British pop singer Cliff Richard's backing band, The Shadows. Welch had originally recorded the song himself in 1974 with no success. The song appears on Newton-John's album, "Have You Never Been Mellow".
Released as a single in 1975, "Please Mr. Please" reached the Top 10 on three major "Billboard" charts in the U.S. that year. On the pop chart, the song peaked at #3 in August 1975, remaining in the Top 40 for 12 weeks: Newton-John's fifth consecutive Top Ten hit, "Please Mr. Please" would also mark Newton-John's last appearance in the Top Ten for a three-year period. On the country chart, the song reached #5, while on the adult contemporary chart, the song spent three weeks at #1. The single was a certified Gold record by the RIAA.
"Please Mr. Please" has been rendered in Czech as "Nechci Už Víc" recorded by Helena Blehárová and in Finnish as "Viistoista Siis" recorded by Taiska.
It has been rendered in French in 1975 by Claude François under the title : "Pourquoi pleurer ? "
Song story.
The song begins as an apparent tribute to the jukebox and how one can listen to a lot of great music for a small price. But instead of continuing along those lines, the song picks up on how some songs on the jukebox can trigger bad memories. This happens when the protagonist — at a tavern with friends, trying to get over a just-broken relationship — sees another customer at the jukebox, trying to play "B-17," which is coded to a song the woman does not want to hear.
The song, she cries, was one of the now-broken relationship. The song now triggers such bad memories to the point that she never wants to hear the song again. The refrain sees the woman begging the "button-pushin' cowboy" not to play the undesirable song.

</doc>
<doc id="19647125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647125" title="John Coles">
John Coles

John Coles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19647141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647141" title="Lymantria">
Lymantria

Lymantria is a genus of moths in the family Lymantriidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19647150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647150" title="Hassan II of the Maldives">
Hassan II of the Maldives

Sultan Hassan II Sri dhanmaru bavana mahaa radun was the fifth Sultan to ascend the throne of Maldives from the Hilaaly Dynasty. He was the son of HH Maayin Ranna Badeyri. He was drowned while taking a bath in his bath pool.

</doc>
<doc id="19647179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647179" title="Mark Meyers">
Mark Meyers

Mark Meyers is a Belgian musician notable for being a founding member of dEUS and also a member of Kiss My Jazz. He has also formed the bands Superalmedrado (with Craig Ward) and Plank. Most recently he fronts Pox with Rudy Trouve. He is also a member of the Belgian band IH8 Camera with Rudy Trouve, Craig Ward, Mauro Pawlowski and Pascal Deweze.

</doc>
<doc id="19647187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647187" title="Defense Media Activity">
Defense Media Activity

The Defense Media Activity (DMA) is a United States Department of Defense (DoD) field activity. It provides a broad range of high quality multimedia products and services to inform, educate, and entertain Department of Defense audiences around the world. The Defense Media Activity is located on Fort George G. Meade, Maryland. DoD field activities are established as DoD components by law, by the President, or by the Defense Secretary to provide for the performance, on a DoD-wide basis, of a supply or service activity that is common to more than one Military Department when it is determined to be more effective, economical, or efficient to do so. DMA operates as a separate DoD Component under the authority, direction and control of the Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs.
History.
As an organization, DMA can trace its organizational lineage to the first publication of the Stars and Stripes newspaper produced by Union soldiers during the Civil War, in 1861. The DMA is one in a long line of media related organizations established, consolidated or subsumed within the military departments and defense department. DMA was established as a result of the BRAC 2005 decisions.
BRAC 2005.
In 2005, as part of the Base Closure and Realignment 2005 analysis, the Defense Department recommended consolidating the media-related organizations of the Military Departments into a single organization and co-locating it with the American Forces Information Service (an existing DoD field activity). The Defense Base Closure and Realignment (BRAC) Commission accepted the DoD recommendation and included the recommendation in its report to the President on September 8, 2005. On September 8, 2005 the President approved the BRAC Commission recommendations and forwarded them to the United States Congress. On September 20, 2005 vote, the US Congress failed to disapproved the BRAC Commission's recommendations. Under the provisions of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (Public Law 101-510) the recommendations were effectively 'approved'.
The approved BRAC actions were to:
Establishment.
In September 2007, the deputy defense secretary recognized that the BRAC 2005 decision would result in two field activities co-located at Fort Meade – the American Forces Information Service and DMA – and directed several actions.
DMA’s chartering directive, DoD Directive 5105.74, Defense Media Activity, was published on December 18, 2007.
DMA was formally established on January 1, 2008, and the people and funding from the predecessor organizations was transferred to DMA on October 1, 2008. The elements required to move to Fort Meade by the BRAC 2005 decision remained in their facilities as their facility at Fort Meade was designed and constructed. The building design was completed in September 2008.
On March 13, 2009, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Baltimore District, awarded a $56,195,000 contract to Hensel Phelps Construction Co. of Chantilly, Virginia, to construct DMA’s headquarters and media production center Fort Meade, Maryland. It is a 185,870 square-foot facility built to house approximately 660 personnel. The building was completed in May 2011 and organizations began moving into the facility in June 2011. The move was completed in August 2011. DMA elements located in the Pentagon, Washington, D.C., Tobyhanna Army Depot, Riverside, California and all overseas locations remained in place.
Organization and Functions.
Organization and Functions
DMA is composed of a headquarters and seven operating components.
The American Forces Radio and Television Service (AFRTS) component delivers, via the American Forces Network (AFN), U.S. radio and television news, information, and entertainment programming to active, guard, and reserve military service members, DoD civilians and contract employees, and their families overseas, on board Navy and Coast Guard ships, and to other authorized users. Includes radio and television stations in military communities in Europe, Pacific and the Middle East; and include its central broadcasting hub, the AFN Broadcast Center in Riverside, California, USA.
The Defense Information School provides joint-service training to Defense military and civilian personnel in the career fields of Public Affairs and Visual Information. The school is located at Fort Meade, Maryland.
The Defense Visual Information component manages the Defense Department’s visual information records, provides visual information services to other DoD components and manages the Joint Combat Camera program. It operates the operates the Defense Imagery Management Operations Center (DIMOC) centered at Fort Meade, Maryland with elements in Riverside, California and Tobyhanna Army Depot in Pennsylvania.
The Production component produces media and visual information products to the internal DoD family (active, guard, and reserve military service members, dependents, retirees, DoD civilians, and contract employees) and external audiences through all available media, including: motion and still imagery; print; radio; television; web and related emerging internet, mobile, and other communication technologies. Also includes communication of messages and themes from senior DoD leaders in order to support and improve quality of life and morale, promote situational awareness, provide timely and immediate force protection information, and sustain readiness. Services include American Forces Press Service, Pentagon Channel, the Joint Hometown News Service, and providing internal news and information products for Defense.gov, Army.mil, Navy.mil, Marines.mil, and AF.mil.
The Stars and Stripes produces and delivers a newspaper distributed overseas (and on-line products) for the U.S. military community. Editorially independent of interference from outside its own editorial chain-of-command, it provides commercially available U.S. and world news and objective staff-produced stories relevant to the military community.
The Support Services component provides activity-wide administrative, facility management, transportation and logistics services.
The Technical Services component provides technology services to the other DMA components, hosts hundreds of DoD web sites through the DoD Public Web program and the Television-Audio Support Activity (T-ASA).
Leadership.
DMA is led by a director appointed by the ASD (PA) and may be a military flag or general officer, or a civilian appointed as a career member of the Senior Executive Service. The following is a list of DMA’s directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19647192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647192" title="1971–72 DFB-Pokal">
1971–72 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1971–72 was the 29th season of the competition. It began on 4 December 1971 and ended on 1 July 1972. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Schalke 04 defeated Kaiserslautern 5–0, the largest margin by which a DFB-Pokal final was ever decided.
Mode.
The tournament consisted of five rounds. In each round other than the final the games were held over two legs, with the team winning on aggregate advancing to the next round. In case the score was level after two legs, the second game was extended by 30 minutes. If still no winner could be determined a penalty shootout decided which team advanced to the next round.
The final was held over one leg with 30 minutes of extra time in case the game was a draw after regular time. If still no team won after extra time a penalty shootout decided the winner of the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19647198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647198" title="Isa of the Maldives">
Isa of the Maldives

Sultan Isaa Sri bavana sundura mahaa radun ascended the throne of Maldives on 1412 after the death of his brother Sultan Hassan II. He ruled the country for just three months.

</doc>
<doc id="19647203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647203" title="Walter de Hereford">
Walter de Hereford

Walter de Hereford was a holder of the feudal title Baron Bergavenny or Lord Abergavenny in the Welsh Marches in the mid twelfth century.
Lineage.
Walter de Hereford was a son of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford and Sibyl of Neufmarche, and brother to Roger Fitzmiles, 2nd Earl of Hereford and Mahel de Hereford and William de Hereford.
Offices.
Walter de Hereford held the post of King's Constable in the region under King Henry I of England and became lord of Brecon and Abergavenny from circa 1155. In 1155 he was also made hereditary High Sheriff of Gloucestershire, a post he held for two years, and High Sheriff of Herefordshire, a post he held until 1159.
He died in circa 1159 / 1160, without issue in the Holy Land on Crusade. On his death the shrievalty of Gloucestershire was no longer hereditary.

</doc>
<doc id="19647205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647205" title="Stronger Than Before">
Stronger Than Before

Stronger Than Before is an album of Olivia Newton-John, launched in 2005. It is an album of inspiration and encouragement to women who have dealt with cancer (Newton-John herself survived breast cancer).

</doc>
<doc id="19647209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647209" title="Antigastra catalaunalis">
Antigastra catalaunalis

Antigastra catalaunalis is a species of moth of the family Crambidae. It is endemic to tropical and subtropical areas, but is also found in other areas due to its migratory nature.
The wingspan is 19–22 mm.
The larvae feed on Antirrhinum, Linaria vulgaris, Sesame and Scrophulariaceae and Pedaliaceae species.

</doc>
<doc id="19647223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647223" title="Ernest Akouassaga">
Ernest Akouassaga

Ernest Akouassaga (born 16 September 1985 in Leconi) is a Gabonese football defender is currently a free agent.
Career.
Akoussaga began his career with AS Mangasport and joined in summer 2003 to French club SCO Angers. He played in three years SCO Angers just nine games, who scores four goals and signed in summer 2006 a contract with Le Havre AC. Akoussaga played only eighteen games for the reserve by Le Havre AC and was transferred in summer 2007 to FC Olimpi Rustavi. After two years in the Umaglesi Liga with Rustavi, turned back to France and signed on 13 July 2009 a contract with FC Nantes.
International career.
Akoussaga is a member of the Gabon national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19647257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647257" title="Osman II of the Maldives">
Osman II of the Maldives

Sultan Osman II Sri dhanmaru loka mahaa radun was the Sultan of Maldives from 1420 to 1421. He was the son of His Highness Sultan Hassan I and also a brother of HH Sultan Ibraahim I. Sultan Osman is famous for his kindness to his subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="19647272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647272" title="Castle Lodge, Ludlow">
Castle Lodge, Ludlow

Castle Lodge is a medieval Tudor and Elizabethan architectural transition period house in Ludlow near Ludlow Castle where scenes from the 1965 film version of Moll Flanders were shot. Castle Lodge has some of the largest collection of oak panelling in England and dates from the early 13th Century, rebuilt in 1580. In Tudor times it was the home of Elizabeth I's Master of Requests and was once used as a prison.
Royal connections.
The Castle Lodge along with Ludlow Castle itself is famous for being the residence of Catherine of Aragon whilst she was married to Prince Arthur. She later went on to marry Henry VIII, Arthur's younger brother after his death from tuberculosis. Her second marriage to Henry was not a happy one. The couple's first child was, unfortunately, born prematurely and stillborn at the end of January 1510. Almost exactly a year later, however, Catherine gave birth to a baby son. They called him Henry. Sadly, he lived for only two months. Two further children did not survive; but, in February 1516, a baby girl, named Mary, was born. Catherine had three further pregnancies, but only Mary lived to see adulthood. After great failure to provide Henry with an heir to the throne he proceeded to try to divorce her and eventually her marriage was annulled due to her being married to her brother-in-law and she was sent away. After an illness lasting about a month, she finally died in January 1536, at Kimbolton Castle (Huntingdonshire) where she had been confined. It was, of course, rumoured that she had been poisoned, but examination of the embalmer's account indicates that she died of a secondary melanotic sarcoma.
Ownership.
Castle Lodge has been privately owned throughout its history and was a hotel up until the Second World War. The Lodge was finally re-opened to the public in 1999. Over £100,000 has been spent on the restoration of the building by current owner Bill Pearson. Pearson struggled to find public or private funding for the upkeep of the building, and created plans to convert Castle Lodge into a hotel once again. Nevertheless these plans never reached fruition, a failure which Pearson attributes to the lack of support from local businesses, stating that "if it Lodge was anywhere else but Ludlow we would be getting a £1,000 a week grant to do it". Pearson claimed that if his plans for a hotel were rejected, "Castle Lodge will be down the swanee. It will be the end."
Castle Lodge was put up for sale in 2001 for £750,000 although was never sold. A second attempt to sell, this time in 2008 and for £1,600,000, again failed to attract interest. Spring 2010 and the property was up for sale for a third time, this time with an asking price of £1,350,000. In April 2010, it remained unsold. By January 2011, the asking price had been reduced to £990,000. In Oct 2013, the vendors were asking for offers over £590,000.
Reported Hauntings.
Visitors at Castle Lodge have reported the apparition of a 15 to 16 year old girl seemingly wearing Tudor costume who likes to walk the attic corridors as well as visit the nursery room. Cold drafts and the feeling of being watched have also been reported. Previous owners say that one adult male visitor was visiting the attic rooms which are open to the public and came rushing downstairs trembling saying he had just seen a young woman approach him and then disappear through a closed door. The spirit is believed to be that of Catherine of Aragon who has returned to the Castle Lodge to where she was once happy.

</doc>
<doc id="19647279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647279" title="Thalera fimbrialis">
Thalera fimbrialis

The Sussex Emerald, Thalera fimbrialis, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Europe and Asia up to the area surrounding the Amur River.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various woody and herbaceous plants such as Erica, Calluna and Tormentil.

</doc>
<doc id="19647294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647294" title="Su canción">
Su canción

"Su canción" (, "") is a song that was Spain's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1979, held in Jerusalem, Israel. It was sung by the Peruvian singer Betty Missiego, who was chosen by the Spanish broadcaster, Televisión Española (TVE), as their representative in the Contest that year.
Internal selection.
From 1977 to 1999, TVE used an internal selection process to select both the singer and the song to represent them at Eurovision. For 1979, Betty Missiego, a 34-year-old singer and television presenter from Peru who had previous song festival experience representing Peru at the Festival OTI in Madrid in 1972, was selected to go to Jerusalem with the song "Su canción," written and composed by Fernando Moreno.
At Eurovision.
At Jerusalem, the song was the nineteenth and final song performed that evening, after Austria's Christina Simon with "Heute in Jerusalem." At the end of judging that evening, "Su canción" took the second-place slot with 116 points. Spain was given 12 points by Italy, Switzerland, Germany and Belgium, 12 points being the maximum score allotted to one country by another.
The song was performed from the point of view of "una mujer mayor" ("an old woman", ostensibly Missiego), who lived a solitary life until she found joy in the world around her through children who asked her to sing a song with them. At the end, she implores everyone to sing along with her, so the song can become "theirs" as well. Unique that year was her use of children as backup singers of sorts, joining her in "her song." The children on stage that evening were Javier Glaria, Alexis Carmona, Beatriz Carmona, and Rosalía Rodríguez. At the end of the song, the children unfurl small banners, with "thanks" inscribed on each in English, Spanish, Hebrew and French, respectively.
As Spain was the last country to perform, it was also the last to vote. Before its points were awarded to the other countries, it had led the Contest by one point. When it awarded Israel and its song "Hallelujah" 10 points it had, by extension, granted it the win.
According to the official Eurovision website, it was rumored after the contest that Spain gave high marks to Israel to prevent their own country from having to host the Contest in 1980, thus saving themselves the high expenses of an international production.
Success.
"Su canción", ending in second place, was the best showing for a Eurovision entry Spain had seen since 1973, in which the country also placed second. It would be the best placing for Spain in the Contest until 1995, when they would place second again. The placing 2nd and 116 points is the same placing and Spain almost start the 70s. In 1971 the song En un mundo nuevo won the second place with 116 points.
As a result of the high placing, it is remembered as one of the more notable moments for Spain in the Contest, so much so that both Missiego and songwriter Moreno have been involved in events with OGAE, the official Eurovision fan club. In 2006, Missiego was a guest of honor at a Spanish OGAE meeting, alongside Massiel, winner of the Contest for Spain in 1968, and Conchita Bautista, who sang the first Spanish entry at Eurovision in 1961.
Missiego recorded "Su canción" in four different languages, besides Spanish also French ("Dès qu'un enfant chante"), Italian ("Vola l'amore") and German ("Der mann im mond").
"Su canción" was succeeded as the Spanish representative at the 1980 Contest by Trigo Limpio with "Quédate esta noche".

</doc>
<doc id="19647296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647296" title="Emiliana">
Emiliana

Emiliana is a feminine name of Italian origin. It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19647297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647297" title="Michael Edwin Keefe">
Michael Edwin Keefe

Michael Edwin Keefe (April 14, 1844 – 1933) was a building contractor and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1900 to 1906.
He was born in Halifax, the son of John Keefe, of Irish descent. Keefe served as mayor of Halifax from 1892 to 1895. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1896. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1900 by-election and reelected in the general election which followed. He died in Halifax in 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19647304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647304" title="National Economic Council (United Kingdom)">
National Economic Council (United Kingdom)

The National Economic Council is a Cabinet committee in the UK Government created in 2008, replacing the Economic Development Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="19647315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647315" title="2011 Men's European Volleyball Championship">
2011 Men's European Volleyball Championship

The 2011 Men's European Volleyball Championship was the 27th edition of the European Volleyball Championship, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the CEV. It was held in Austria and Czech Republic from September 10 to 18, 2011.
Host selection.
Candidates for the 2011 Men's European Volleyball Championship
Pool standing procedure.
Match won 3–0 or 3–1: 3 match points for the winner, 0 match points for the loser<br>
Match won 3–2: 2 match points for the winner, 1 match point for the loser

</doc>
<doc id="19647318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647318" title="Jago (car)">
Jago (car)

Jago was a British company making a range of kit cars principally Jeep styled between 1965 and 1997. It was based in Chichester, West Sussex.
Geoff Jago founded a company called Geoff Jago Custom Automotive in 1965 making Street Rod type vehicles. In 1971 he made the vehicle for which the company became most famous, the Geep. This used glass fibre panels moulded off an original World War II Willys Jeep and fitted to a chassis with Ford Anglia 105E mechanical parts. An alternative version using Morris Minor parts was added in 1974 and a Ford Escort version in 1976. 
The company name was changed to Jago Automotive in 1979. 
The Ford Escort based Samuri, a four seat, beach buggy type vehicle costing £795 plus tax for the kit was announced in 1983. 
The Geep name changed to Sandero in 1991 to avoid any copyright issues.
The last Sandero kits were made around 1997 at Jago automotive.
The Sandero 4x4 kit is available from Belfield 4x4 Engineering.
This version is based around a Land Rover.

</doc>
<doc id="19647329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647329" title="Mahel de Hereford">
Mahel de Hereford

Mahel de Hereford was a holder of the feudal lordships of Brecon and Abergavenny in the Welsh Marches in the mid 12th century.
Lineage.
Mahel de Hereford was a younger son of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford and his wife Sibyl of Neufmarche, daughter of Bernard de Neufmarche, Lord of Brecon.
His brothers were Walter de Hereford and William de Hereford.
Offices.
Mahel held the posts of King's Constable in the region and succeeded to the lordships of Brecon and Abergavenny in 1163. In 1163 / 1164 he attended the Council of Clarendon.
He died circa 1164, without issue, and is buried at Llanthony Priory, Monmouthshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19647339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647339" title="Catocala sponsa">
Catocala sponsa

The Dark Crimson Underwing ("Catocala sponsa") is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe, North Africa and from Anatolia up to the Caucasus. The wingspan is . The moth flies from July to September depending on the location. The larvae feed on oak.

</doc>
<doc id="19647377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647377" title="Mythimna pudorina">
Mythimna pudorina

The Striped Wainscot "(Mythimna pudorina)" is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe, all of Russia to Japan).
The wingspan is 35–38 mm. The moth flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as Purple Moor Grass, Phragmites and Reed canary grass.

</doc>
<doc id="19647379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647379" title="Transitional armour">
Transitional armour

Transitional armour describes the armour used in Europe around the 14th century, as body armour moved from simple maille hauberks to full plate. 
The couter was added to the hauberk to better protect the elbows, and splinted armour and the coat of plates provided increased protection for other areas. 
Armourers in general began experimenting with various forms of rigid defense. They worked in a variety of materials, including wrought iron, latten, leather, cloth and even bone to substitute rigid materials for maille as the knight's harness progressed. Toward the end of the century and into the following one, updates to armour took place at an accelerated rate. 
The use of multiple materials is the key stylistic element of the period. For instance, a set of transitional style arm defenses could employ steel pauldrons, leather rerebraces, steel elbow cops and leather vambraces. These items would be strapped with leather and might have brass or bronze fittings and buckles. This use of varied materials gave the armour different coloring, textures and more elegant appearance.
Swordfighting re-enactors such as the Society for Creative Anachronisms wear personalized transitional armour for safety reasons, composed of a combination of thick leather, mail and plate armour.

</doc>
<doc id="19647382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647382" title="Open Bay Islands">
Open Bay Islands

The Open Bay Islands are located off the south-west coast of the South Island of New Zealand. The group comprises two main islands Taumaka and Popotai plus several smaller islets and rocks. They lie approximately offshore from the Okuru River mouth, near Haast and are owned by Poutini Ngai Tahu.
Taumaka is the larger island (c. , long and wide reaching a plateau above sea level) and is separated from Popotai ( long and wide) by a narrow channel.
Wildlife.
The Open Bay Islands support several endemic species, including a terrestrial leech ("Hirudobdella antipodum"), an undescribed gecko species ("aff. Hoplodactylus granulatus"), and a skink - the Open Bay Islands skink. Taumaka Island has been identified as an Important Bird Area, by BirdLife International because it is a breeding site for Fiordland Penguins.
Wekas.
Although introduced mammals are not known ever to have reached the islands, the introduction of weka (a native flightless rail, "Gallirallus australis") from the South Island in the early 1900s is believed to have had an adverse impact on the flora and fauna of the islands. The Department of Conservation have recommended to the Minister of Conservation that weka should be removed from the islands. The Trust which governs the island agreed to having them removed on the condition that they are not killed.
Castaways.
A sealing gang with ten members was brought to the islands by the "Active" from Sydney. The men had very basic provisions: some food, salt, an axe, an adze, and a cooper’s drawing knife. The ship, which left the islands on 16 February 1810, was not seen again, and the sealing gang was assumed to have been lost with the ship. After years of considerable hardship, they finally saw a ship, the "Governor Bligh", and attracted its attention. They were picked up and arrived back in Sydney on 15 December 1813.
The men's fate has been turned into a song that tells their ordeal.

</doc>
<doc id="19647391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647391" title="Zack Eisaku Niizato">
Zack Eisaku Niizato

Zack Eisaku Niizato is a Japanese actor. Born in Okinoerabujima, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19647398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647398" title="William de Hereford">
William de Hereford

William de Hereford was a holder of the feudal lordship of Abergavenny in the Welsh Marches in the mid twelfth century.
Lineage.
William de Hereford was a son of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford and his wife Sybil de Neufmarche, daughter of Bernard de Neufmarche of Brecon.
His brothers were Mahel de Hereford and Walter de Hereford.
Offices.
He was made King's Constable of the region and succeeded to the title of Baron Abergavenny circa 1164.
Death.
William de Hereford died as a result of injuries sustained from falling masonry during a fire at Bronllys Castle near modern Talgarth, Powys in 1166. He died without issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19647405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647405" title="Makoto Kobayashi">
Makoto Kobayashi

Makoto Kobayashi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19647416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647416" title="Trade Information Warehouse">
Trade Information Warehouse

The Trade Information Warehouse is a service offering of the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation's Deriv/SER, and is described by DTCC as "a centralized and secure global infrastructure for processing over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives over their life cycle". [http://www.dtcc.com/products/derivserv/suite/tradeinfo_warehouse.php] 
It is purported to be the security industry's only repository and centralized post-trade infrastructure for servicing OTC credit derivative contracts throughout their multi-year lifecycles, and is expected to be involved in the newly created public clearing facility of credit default swaps in conjunction with CCorp. [http://www.clearingcorp.com/press/pressreleases/20080528-dtcc-cds.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19647425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647425" title="Progressive inquiry">
Progressive inquiry

Progressive inquiry is a pedagogical model which aims at facilitating the same kind of productive knowledge practices of working with knowledge in education that characterize scientific research communities. It is developed by Kai Hakkarainen and his colleagues in the University of Helsinki as a pedagogical and epistemological framework to support teachers and students in organizing their activities for facilitating expert-like working with knowledge. It emphasizes shared expertise and collaborative work for knowledge building and inquiry by setting up the context, using questions, explanations, theories, and scientific information in the cycle of deepening inquiry. It is often used with computer-supported collaborative learning. The model has evolved from the initial cognitively oriented one toward versions that highlight pragmatic and socio-cultural aspects of inquiry.
The model describes the elements of expert-like knowledge practices in a form of a cyclic inquiry process. It relies on cognitive research on education and is closely associated with the knowledge building approach of Marlene Scardamalia, Carl Bereiter and the Interrogative Model of Inquiry introduced by Jaako Hintikka.
In a progressive inquiry process, the teacher creates a context for inquiry by presenting a multidisciplinary approach to a theoretical or real-life phenomenon, after which the students start defining their own questions and intuitive working theories about it. Students’ questions and explanations are shared and evaluated together, which directs the utilization of authoritative information sources and iterative elaboration of subordinate study questions and more advanced theories, explanations and writings (see the description of the phases of progressive inquiry process). The model is not meant prescriptively, as an ideal path to be followed rigidly; rather it offers conceptual tools to describe, understand and take into account the critical elements in collaborative knowledge-advancing inquiry.

</doc>
<doc id="19647426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647426" title="2008–09 UEFA Cup group stage">
2008–09 UEFA Cup group stage

The group stage of the 2008–09 UEFA Cup is the second stage of the competition proper. The draw took place on 7 October 2008 at UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland. Group stage matches began on 23 October 2008 and concluded on 18 December 2008. The top three teams in each group progressed to the Round of 32, to be joined by the eight third-place finishers from the Champions League group stage.
Seedings.
The following teams qualified for the group stage:
Pot 1 contained teams ranked between 2 and 39: Pot 2 held teams ranked 40 to 71, Pot 3 held teams ranked 72 to 88, and Pot 4 teams ranked 91 to 121 together with unranked teams from England and Spain. Pot 5 held the remaining teams.
Dinamo Zagreb, and all the Pot 5 teams, had beaten higher-ranked teams in the First Round. Lech Poznań and Žilina had also beaten higher-ranked teams in the Second Qualifying Round. Seven of the eight teams in Pot 5 qualified for the Round of 32, Žilina being the only exception. In contrast, only five of the eight teams in Pot 1 managed to do the same, as Sevilla, Benfica and Schalke 04 were eliminated.
Tie-breaking criteria.
Based on paragraph 6.06 in the UEFA regulations for the current season, if two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings:

</doc>
<doc id="19647431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647431" title="Clearing Corporation">
Clearing Corporation

The Clearing Corporation (TCC, former CCorp) is "a Delaware corporation owned by 17 stockholders (which include banks Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley, as well as inter-dealer brokers ICAP and GFI Group and German derivatives exchange Eurex), many of whom represent the world-wide derivatives marketplace participants and market makers." 
In 2008, the Clearing Corporation and the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) announced a credit default swap (CDS) public clearing facility 

</doc>
<doc id="19647434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647434" title="Welcome 2 Ibiza">
Welcome 2 Ibiza

Welcome 2 Ibiza is an American action comedy film, about a young American girl who inherits a rundown bar and then gets involved in a hostage rescue drama. Filmed on location on the Spanish Mediterranean Island of Ibiza in 2002.
Gary Busey headlines the cast of this action comedy with romantic entanglements. Filmed on location on the Spanish island of Ibiza by David Winters. The film has been released in Spain and Thailand.
Plot.
It is the story of Lauren (Athena Cansino), a young woman from America who learns that her Uncle Sam (director David Winters) has been missing at sea, and that as a result she has inherited his beach bar on the Mediterranean island of Ibiza. When she arrives, she meets Angelito, a young handsome artist. They go to the bar, only to find it in terrible shape.
Depressed, Lauren returns to town where she meets two more Americans, (Beth and Marilyn) and Crazy Larry.
Beth was currently working in a bar, and Marilyn, is a passionate young dancer who was fired after an altercation with a group of drunk buffoons. Crazy Larry, a wacky British DJ was also recently fired for accidentally throwing up on his boss.
Together, the four decide to renovate the bar and get the business running again. Meanwhile, Beth's ex, Nick has come from the United States to try to get back together with her. But romance on the rocks is the least of their worries, when they discover that Angelito's father is being held captive by Cortez, a local gangster (Busey).
Behind the scenes.
The tiny island of Ibiza had an all out casting call for extras in the movie. The tourist season was over, so it was up to the locals and expatriates for the job.
Pronunciation.
In the local dialect of Catalan, the name "Ibiza" (in Catalan "Eivissa") is pronounced . In Castilian Spanish, .
Release Dates.
Welcome 2 Ibiza was released in Spain in 2003, and in Thailand 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19647440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647440" title="Edna Eicke">
Edna Eicke

Edna Eicke (1919–1979) was for many years an illustrator of distinctive covers for the "New Yorker" magazine. 'Do you have trouble letting go of old copies of "The New Yorker"?' asked John Updike in the foreword to an anthology of the magazine's covers. 'Blame the covers … We want to be where the cover is, whether it's a pricey night club by Peter Arno or an Eden-green lawn by Edna Eicke … ' 
She was married to the illustrator Tom Funk.

</doc>
<doc id="19647443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647443" title="Carson Parks">
Carson Parks

Clarence Carson Parks II (26 April 1936 – 22 June 2005), often known as C. Carson Parks, was an American songwriter, music publisher, musician and singer, best known for writing the hit song "Somethin' Stupid". His younger brother is the composer Van Dyke Parks.
Early life and career.
Parks was born in Philadelphia, the son of a psychiatrist. Carson's early musical training began as a student at the internationally acclaimed American Boychoir School (formerly known as The Columbus Boychoir School). After attending Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, the University of Miami and then Carnegie Mellon University, he began working in Los Angeles. In 1959, with college friend Bernie Armstrong, he formed the Steeltown Two and first recorded for the small Gini label. The duo also worked as one half of a reformed version of Terry Gilkyson's band, The Easy Riders, and in 1960 they performed on the soundtrack of the John Wayne film "The Alamo". The pair also worked as The Kinsmen with singer Bud Dashiell, before Parks left in 1962. He then formed a new version of the Steeltown Two, with his younger brother, Van Dyke Parks, occasionally adding singer Pat Peyton as the Steeltown Three and the Southcoasters.
Following the success of The New Christy Minstrels, Gilkyson and the Parks brothers then formed a choral group, The Greenwood County Singers, featuring five boys and two girls. They released four albums on Kapp Records between 1963 and 1965, later becoming known as The Greenwood Singers and finally The Greenwoods. The group had two minor hits, "Please Don't Sell My Daddy No More Wine" reaching #64 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1966, and included singer Gaile Foote, whom Carson Parks married.
"Somethin' Stupid".
Before the Greenwoods disbanded, Parks and Foote also began performing as a duo, Carson and Gaile, and in 1966 recorded an album for Kapp Records, "San Antonio Rose". This mostly included Parks' own songs, one of which was the track "Something Stupid". Through a contact in Frank Sinatra's organisation, Parks ensured that Sinatra heard the song. Sinatra played it to his daughter Nancy's producer, Lee Hazlewood, who recalled ""He asked me, 'Do you like it?' and I said, 'I love it, and if you don't sing it with Nancy, I will.' He said, 'We're gonna do it, book a studio.'"" The recording by Frank and Nancy Sinatra spent four weeks at #1 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and also reached #1 on the UK Singles Chart.
Later career.
Following the success of "Somethin' Stupid", Parks wrote songs for other artists including The Mills Brothers and Jack Jones. The Mills Brothers recording of Parks' "Cab Driver" reached #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #3 on the Billboard Easy listening chart in 1968. He receded from performing and writing to focus on publishing, owning and operating the Waynesville, North Carolina-based music publishing firms Greenwood Music and Br'er Rab Music. He died in 2005 in St. Marys, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19647451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647451" title="Etienne Bito'o">
Etienne Bito'o

Etienne-Panayotis Bito'o (born 5 January 1980 in Lambaréné) is a Gabonese footballer, who is currently playing for US O'Mbilia Nzami.
Career.
In December 2007 he signed a 2-year contract with Georgian side Zestaponi. The offensive midfielder recently playing for Omani clubs, Dhofar F.C. and Al-Nasr (Salalah)Al-Nasr (Salalah).
International.
He is a member of the Gabon national football team, he represented his homeland at the 2002 African Cup of Nations in Mali.
In 2010 Bito'o was called up for Gabon for friendly matches against Oman and Saudi Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="19647458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647458" title="2008–09 ACB season">
2008–09 ACB season

The 2008–09 ACB season is the 26th season of the Liga ACB. The 272-game regular season (16 home games for each of the 17 teams) began on Saturday, October 4, 2008, and ended on Sunday, May 10, 2009. The top four teams earned berths in the Euroleague competition for 2009–10, the international basketball competition for European professional teams.
Team standings.
Team standings after 34 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19647462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647462" title="Les Dayman">
Les Dayman

Les Dayman (born 28 October 1901, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL). 
Career.
Dayman started his career at Port Adelaide in 1921, who he arrived from Salisbury, and was a member of their premiership team that year. He played beside his brother Clem at the club during the 1920s and was used mostly as a ruckman or in the key forward positions. On three occasions Dayman won Port Adelaide's 'Best and fairest' award and also topped their goal-kicking four times. He was the league's top goal-kicker in 1929 with 86 goals.
A regular South Australian interstate representative, he made a total of 19 appearances and kicked 30 goals for his state. 
Footscray acquired his services in 1932 and he had a solid first season, kicking a bag of five against Fitzroy in just his second game and topping the club's goal-kicking with 37 majors.
Following the end of his three year VFL stint, Dayman played briefly at Coburg in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). He returned to Port Adelaide in 1937, making one further appearance for the seniors and going on to serve the club in an off field capacity.
Honours.
In 2002 he was one of the inaugural inductees into the South Australian Football Hall of Fame. He is also a centre half forward in Port Adelaide's official 'Greatest Team', which took into account the period 1870 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19647464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647464" title="Nysted reagent">
Nysted reagent

The Nysted reagent is a reagent used in organic synthesis for the methenylation of a carbonyl group. It was discovered in 1975 by Leonard N. Nysted in Chicago, Illinois. It was prepared by reacting dibromomethane and activated zinc in THF. The process is known as Nysted olefination. There is no confirmed mechanism but a proposed mechanism can be seen to bottom right.
A similar reagent is Tebbe's reagent. In the Nysted olefination, the Nysted reagent reacts with TiCl4 to methylenate a carbonyl group. The biggest problem with these reagents are that the reactivity has not been well documented. It is believed that the TiCl4 acts as a mediator in the reaction. Nysted reagent can methylenate different carbonyl groups in the presence of different mediators. For example, in the presence of BF3•OEt2, the reagent will methylenate aldehydes. On the other hand, in the presence of TiCl4, TiCl3 or TiCl2 and BF3•OEt2, the reagent can methylenate ketones. Most commonly, it is used to methylenate ketones because of their general difficulty to methylenate due to crowding around the carbonyl group. Nysted is able to get into the tight space and methylenate the carbonyl group easily. 
There is little research on Nysted reagent because of the hazards and high reactivity and the difficulty of keeping the reagent stable while it is in use. More specifically, it can form explosive peroxides when exposed to air and is extremely flammable. Also, it reacts violently with water. These make this reagent very dangerous to work with.

</doc>
<doc id="19647478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647478" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 800 metres">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 800 metres

The men's 800 metres event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held from Sunday, July 6, 1924 to Tuesday, July 8, 1924.
As for all other races the track was 500 metres in circumference.
Forty-three middle distance runners from 21 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Results.
Round 1.
All heats were held on Sunday, July 6, 1924.
The best three finishers of every heat qualified for the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Heat 8
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Monday, July 7, 1924.
The best three finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
The final was held on Tuesday, July 8, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19647489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647489" title="S-Bus">
S-Bus

S-Bus is a protocol based on RS485 connection Topology for intelligent buildings. S-bus is the developed protocol used 64 bits long code, 32 bits as short code, to be an Asian and African Standard protocol that administered by the Smart Group Association, S-bus Known also as the "Smart-BUS"
Also another S-Bus known as (Saia-Burgess Bus) is a dedicated protocol for reading process data from devices provided by the Saia-Burgess company.
Wire transmission.
Twisted pair of data using signaling speed of 9600 bit/s. flexible Bus power with 8-32 V DC, and 25 mA, Polarization critical. Can install up to 250 Devices in each bus, linking with network bridges, up to 65280 device per network, Maximum bus length is 1200 m. Topology also very flexible can be loop, star, ring or T connection.
Protocol format (ASCII): bits protocol according to the code tables
Function – Control order operation
Scene 0x0002 0x0003 Area Scene No
Sequence 0x001A 0x001B Area Series No
Universal switch 0xE01C 0xE01D Universal switch No Switch status
Single channel adjustment 0x0031 0x0032 Channel No Brightness value Running time is composed by?Byte
MAX:????S, default : ?S
Curtain switch 0xE3E0 0xE3E1 Curtain No Curtain status
Infrared switch 0xE3D0 0xE3D1 Group No Group value Resend times and on/off
SMS control 0xE3D4 0xE3D5 1?message
2?remote Series No
Panel control 0xE3D8 0xE3D9 1?infrared enable 0?off?1?on
 2?panel lock key 0?off?1?on
 3?AC Power 0?off?1?on
 4?AC cooling temp C?18-30?F?64-86
 5?AC wind speed 0?auto?1?high?2?mid?3: low
 6?AC mode 0?cool?1?heat?2?vent?3?auto
 7?AC heating temp C?4-26?F?39-79
Infrared long code switch 0xE3DC 0xE3DD Group No Group value Group location?1byte
S-bus Products.
One of the strengths of the S-bus protocol that s-bus have full and complete range of products with minimum wiring and devices.
Patents.
The Smart BUS is registered under Patent No; 201110123081.0
Some Smart-BUS Selected Patent Numbers for Different Registered Designs:
• Smart-BUS: 201110123081.0
• Zone-Audio: 201120231156.2
• Dynamic LCD Display Panel: 201120213397.4
• Multi-Functional Sensors: 201120213375.8

</doc>
<doc id="19647499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647499" title="Janvier Ndikumana">
Janvier Ndikumana

Janvier Ndikumana (born 17 February 1983) is a Burundian goalkeeper who currently plays for Randaberg.
He played his first international game on 21 June 2008 in Rades against Tunisia, he played 21 minutes and to collect a red card through professional foul.

</doc>
<doc id="19647500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647500" title="Slow Burning Lights">
Slow Burning Lights

Slow Burning Lights is an album by American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death. It was released on Babygrande Records in 2008.
The album is a collaboration with singer Yes Alexander of The Casual Lust, who provides the vocals. It was recorded and completed by 2007 and was released in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19647522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647522" title="Hugh de Beauchamp">
Hugh de Beauchamp

Hugh de Beauchamp was an Anglo-Norman feudal lord of Abergavenny in the Welsh Marches in the late 12th century. 
He is of the large Beauchamp dynasty but his parentage is as yet unknown or unproven. Hugh de Beauchamp became lord of Abergavenny after the deaths without issue of the sons of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford. Hugh de Beauchamp in turn died or was killed around 1173, when Abergavenny Castle was seized by the Welsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19647525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647525" title="Benjamin Franklin Pearson">
Benjamin Franklin Pearson

Benjamin Franklin Pearson (April 4, 1855 – January 31, 1912) was a lawyer, entrepreneur and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1901 to 1911 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Masstown, Nova Scotia, the son of Frederick M. Pearson and Eliza Crowe, and was educated at Pictou Academy and Dalhousie College. In 1876, he married Julia Reading. He studied law with Otto Schwartz Weeks and entered practice in Halifax in 1884. He soon became involved in various business ventures, including a steamship service between Halifax and Dartmouth and a railway. He helped establish the Nova Scotia Telephone Company, the People's Heat and Light Company, the Halifax Electric Tramway Company and the Dominion Iron and Steel Company. With American partners, Pearson purchased a large number of small independent coal mines in the province. He went on to establish the West India Electric Company, the Cuban Electric Company and the Mexican Light and Power Company. He also acquired a number of newspapers in Nova Scotia, including the "Halifax Morning Chronicle", the "Nova Scotian and Weekly Chronicle", the "Daily Echo", the "Glace Bay Gazette" and the "St. John Daily Sun". In 1904, Pearson was named King's Counsel. In 1906, he was named minister without portfolio in the province's Executive Council. He was chosen as president of the Nova Scotia Barristers' Society in 1908. He died in Halifax at the age of 56.
His daughter Florence married Fleming Blanchard McCurdy.

</doc>
<doc id="19647545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647545" title="List of World Championships medalists in sailing (yacht classes)">
List of World Championships medalists in sailing (yacht classes)

This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in yacht classes.
All ISAF International Sailing Federation Classes are entitled to hold World Championships the only recognised World Championships held outside of these classes for yachts are the ISAF Offshore Team Racing World Championship and those conducted by the Offshore Racing Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19647546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647546" title="List of World Championships medalists in sailing (multihull classes)">
List of World Championships medalists in sailing (multihull classes)

This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in multihull classes.
Hobie Dragoon.
Megan du Plessis and Matthew Whitehead - March 2008
Hobie Tiger.
See class page as per link above
Nacra F18.
1 Misha heemskerk with Bastiaan Tentij
Tornado.
Please see the class page

</doc>
<doc id="19647548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647548" title="List of World Championships medalists in sailing (windsurfer classes)">
List of World Championships medalists in sailing (windsurfer classes)

This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in windsurfer classes.

</doc>
<doc id="19647549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647549" title="List of World Championships medalists in sailing (keelboat classes)">
List of World Championships medalists in sailing (keelboat classes)

This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in keelboat classes.
Platu 25.
For information on the World Champions please go to Platu 25

</doc>
<doc id="19647551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647551" title="New South Wales 70 class locomotive">
New South Wales 70 class locomotive

The 70 class were a class of diesel-electric locomotives built by Commonwealth Engineering, Granville for the New South Wales Government Railways in 1960/61. They were ordered to replace steam locomotives at Port Kembla.
Delivery.
Designated the 70-class, the first was delivered on 15 August 1960. After weighing, the unit worked a 400 ton test load to Botany the following day. As the new servicing facilities at Port Kembla were not then complete, 7001 was temporarily allocated to Delec Locomotive Depot and worked local services. On 28 September 1960 7001 worked its first passenger train, a railway employees' train from Sydney Central to Chullora Railway Workshops.
By the end of 1960, a further three of the class had been delivered. On two occasions in 1961, 7003 ventured out on to the Richmond line with the afternoon passenger train from the Abattoirs Branch line.
Whilst the remaining units had been delivered by May 1961, 7007 was not accepted until February 1962. Multiple unit 70s became regular visitors on the Camden railway line prior to its closure, working coal trains from Narellan.
Modifications.
Around the end of 1962, defects became apparent. Coupling rods were snapping when the locomotives were travelling at speed. Commencing in February 1963, the problem was rectified by fitting heavier duty side rods. The original side cab-windows were replaced from January 1963. The exhaust stacks were modified from January 1967.
The Snowy Mountains Connection.
Possibly the most unusual duty alloted to the class was the working of the new Interstate Profile train during the latter part of 1963. It worked from Sydney to Albury, Cooma, Tumut, Picton-Mittagong Loop line, Moss Vale to Unanderra, thence to Sydney and to Casino. Tumut and Cooma were included in the schedule as large profile loads were common to these destinations during the construction of the Snowy Mountains Scheme.
Move to Port Kembla.
By early July 1963 three had moved at Thirroul for crew training. They operated transfer workings within the Illawarra district and shunting duties at Port Kembla North.
In December 1963 instruction classes on the new locomotives commenced in two railway carriages at Port Kembla station. From 27 December, four 70 class were rostered for shunting duties on the wharves and in the commercial areas. On 1 January 1964, 7003 was the first locomotive to enter the new Port Kembla depot with all ten having arrived by the end of the month. Usually only seven units would be rostered at any one time. Spare locomotives would be loaned to Thirroul if required.
Work at Port Kembla.
With the construction of the new Inner Harbour at Port Kembla and its associated branch from Coniston completed in October 1953, there was a transfer of coal loading operations to that facility. Furthermore, there was a decline of during the early part of 1964 on the old commercial network.
Additional duties for the 70 class were found as shunters in Port Kembla North Yard, transfer workings to the Australian Iron & Steel Exchange sidings at Cringila and even shunting passenger carriages at Wollongong station.
Varied Colours.
All locomotives were issued to traffic in the standard colour scheme of Indian Red with chrome lining. In July 1982 7006 was repainted in the short-lived reverse colour scheme and in April 1983 7007 was repainted in the candy colour scheme.
Demise.
By early 1984 the use of the 70 class on the Port Kembla industrial network was at an all-time low. Only one or two were needed for the day shift. A further three would be occupied on shunting duties at Port Kembla North, with perhaps two more on transfer work.
On 10 February 1984 7009 was taken out of traffic and sent to Eveleigh Railway Workshops with 7008 following on 21 June 1984 and 7002 on 13 August 1984, all three were officially withdrawn. On 12 September 1984 7007 failed and was set aside at Port Kembla, to be joined by 7010 in June 1985. 7003 was subsequently withdrawn after a wheel sheared off.
In 1985 7008 was purchased by the Dorrigo Steam Railway & Museum while 7002 and 7009 were both scrapped at Sims Metal, Mascot.
On 12 November 1984 73 class took over all shunting and transfer duties at Port Kembla. Three 70 class were to be kept operational and the remainder kept spare. By early September 1986, only two locomotives were available for local working, 7006 and 7010. On 10 September 1986 7010 last operated and 7006 the following day.
Of the locomotives remaining at Port Kembla, 7001, 7004 and 7005 were all sold to Sims Metal for scrap. The Emu Bay Railway, Tasmania purchased 7003 for spares and the Dorrigo Steam Railway & Museum 7007 and 7010. The New South Wales Rail Transport Museum's Illawarra branch purchased 7006. This locomotive was on loan to the Powerhouse Museum but as at March 2013 was undergoing maintenance at Thirlmere.

</doc>
<doc id="19647552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647552" title="List of World Championships medalists in sailing (centreboard classes)">
List of World Championships medalists in sailing (centreboard classes)

This is a List of World Championships medalists in sailing in centreboard classes.
Cadet.
See Class Page at the link above
Enterprise.
1985 1st Ian Pinnell & Andrew Holdsworth, 2nd Alan Gillard & Graham Mactham, 3rd Vince. Horey & Adrian Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19647570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647570" title="Mbale, Kenya">
Mbale, Kenya

Mbale is a town in western Kenya, the central town and headquarters of Vihiga County. It is also called Maragoli, after the indigenous inhabitants of the area. The town is located at the middle of two major towns i.e Kakamega and Kisumu, and is home to the annual Maragoli Cultural Festival, which is held every 26 December.
Uganda has a town also called Mbale.
Mbale's population is around 60,000 people of different races which include the Luhya, Kikuyu, Kisii and Luo, Asians. Mbale has five major hotels and four major bars that serve people from as far as Kisumu and Kakamega. Mbale has four major banks, namely Barclays Bank, Equity Bank, Co-operative Bank and Kenya Commercial Bank (KCB), and one Sacco bank, being Kakamega teachers Sacco society, which is yet to be officially launched but is functioning at the moment. Mbale has over a hundred small businesses such as shops, tailoring, bread distribution, cyber cafe services, healthcare services, construction, real estate, property mng and hotels. 
Schools.
The town has 10 primary schools (tertiary) and five secondary or high schools - the major ones being Hambale primary,Idavaga Muslim Primary, Shalom academy, Mukuli primary Mbale High School, St. Claires Maragoli, Kegoye Friends' Secondary and Mbihi secondary. The current Vihiga County Governor His Exellency Hon. Akaranga is an allumni of Mbale High School located in the town. 
Health
It has 2 main Medical Centres i.e. The Vihiga District Hospital and Mbale Rural Provincial Health & Training Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19647571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647571" title="Irancode">
Irancode

Irancode is the Iranian national products and services classification and codification system. It enables producers and distributors to identify, classify and codify their products and services. Iran is presently implementing this bar code system across the country in order to facilitate e-commerce and tax collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19647572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647572" title="Piscatorial Society">
Piscatorial Society

The Piscatorial Society is one of the oldest angling societies in England, if not the world. It was founded in 1836 and still flourishes today. It leases fly fishing water on a number of chalk streams in Hampshire and Wiltshire, including the Wylye, the Test, the Itchen and the Hampshire Avon. It no longer has a base in London, but maintains a Rod Room on one of its Wiltshire rivers. Although members originally fished for all sorts of fish (the society's crest still represents the head of a pike), the society now concentrates on fishing for brown trout and grayling with upstream dry fly or unweighted nymph imitations dressed lightly in the style of G.E.M. Skues.
The Society has, at its core, three key objectives. First, to maintain a fellowship of flyfishers and the tradition of flyfishing, where possible, for wild or naturalised brown trout and grayling. Secondly, to preserve what remains of the chalk stream environment; unpolluted water, healthy and appropriate weed growth and good fly hatches. Thirdly, to enhance the Society’s libraries and archives.
History.
The first meeting of which the Minutes survive took place on 2 November 1837, and at this meeting it was resolved to have a card engraved for presentation to members. This card bears the inscription:
"The Piscatorial Society - Established 16th October, 1837 - For promoting friendly intercourse and mutual information among the lovers of the Art of Angling -Held at the 'Marquis of Granby,' South Audley Street"" The decorated chair in the picture at the head of the table still exists along with many other original artefacts and books. The Club Secretary is Col. Tim Earl.

</doc>
<doc id="19647592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647592" title="Geoffrey Cass">
Geoffrey Cass

Sir Geoffrey Arthur Cass (born 11 August 1932) spent twenty years as Chief Executive of Cambridge University Press and has also been Chairman of the Royal Shakespeare Company and President of the Lawn Tennis Association.
Life.
Sir Geoffrey was educated at Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Darlington, County Durham, at Jesus College, Oxford and at Nuffield College, Oxford. He is a Fellow of Clare Hall, Cambridge, and a member of Jesus College, Cambridge. He is a Trustee of the Cambridge University Foundation and Chairman of the Audit Committee. He was Chairman of the Cambridge University ADC Theatre Appeal and the University Sports Centre Appeal. He is a Life Trustee of the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust and Chairman of the Audit Committee. He was Chief Executive of Cambridge University Press from 1972 to 1992, Chairman of the Royal Shakespeare Company from 1985 to 2000 and Deputy President (to HRH The Prince of Wales) from 2000 to 2011. He has been Chairman (and co-founder)of the Royal Shakespeare Theatre Trust since 1983. He is Chairman and co-founder of the Royal Theatrical Support Trust 2012-. He was President and Chairman of the Council of the Lawn Tennis Association from 1997 to 1999, Chairman of the British Tennis Foundation from 2003 to 2007 and he has been President since 2007.
He was knighted in 1992 and elected an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in 1998. He was awarded a French Knighthood Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres in 1982. He was a lawn tennis Blue at Oxford, and Captain of Badminton. He played in the Inter-County Lawn Tennis Championships over a period of 31 years.
A Wimbledon Championships player in 1954/55/56/59, and British Veterans' Singles Champion at Wimbledon in 1978, Sir Geoffrey was a member of the Wimbledon Championships Management Committee for 12 years, and Chairman of the Championships Finance Committee. He is President of Cambridge University Lawn Tennis Club (and an Honorary Blue), Chairman of Cambridge University Cricket & Athletics Club, and a member of the University Fenner's Management Committee. Formerly, Sir Geoffrey was: a member of the Cambridge University Fitzwilliam Museum Syndicate, and of the University Careers Service Syndicate (The Appointments Board); Chairman of the Governors of The Perse School for Girls, Cambridge; Chief Executive of George Allen & Unwin Ltd, publishers; Operating Consultant with PA Management Consultants; and he held directorships of Controls & Communications Ltd, Weidenfeld Publishers Ltd, Chicago University Press, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Method and Madness, Cambridge Theatre Company, the Theatres Trust, Newcastle Theatre Royal, All England LTC (Wimbledon), and All England Lawn Tennis Ground PLC. He married Olwen (Lady Cass MBE, JP, DL) in 1957, and they have four daughters, Fiona, Karen, Miranda, Fleur, and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="19647594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647594" title="List of commanders of the LTTE">
List of commanders of the LTTE

The following is a list of commanders of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), also known as the Tamil Tigers, a separatist militant Tamil nationalist organisation, which operated in northern and eastern Sri Lanka from late 1970s to May 2009, until it was defeated by the Sri Lankan Military.

</doc>
<doc id="19647599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647599" title="Bletoppen">
Bletoppen

Bletoppen is a mountain in Tinn, Telemark, Norway, and is the highest point in the mountain area Blefjell. 
From the summit there is a view to Jonsknuten and Skrimfjella in southeast, Lifjell in southwest, Gaustatoppen in west, and Hardangervidda in north west.
The summit is most easily reached by following a marked trail from the parking lot at Nordstul, 3 to 4 hours hike in the summer. Numerous shorter paths starts at the road to Fosskard and goes up the steep western side of Blefjell.

</doc>
<doc id="19647600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647600" title="Vladimir Niyonkuru">
Vladimir Niyonkuru

Vladimir Niyonkuru (born 21 July 1983 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian goalkeeper with Azzam United in the Tanzanian Premier League in Tanzania.
Career.
He signs on 1 January 2006 with Rayon Sport, he cames from AS Inter Star an Bujumbura based club on youth side played for Vital'O F.C..
International career.
Niyonkuru is member of the Burundi national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19647602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647602" title="Crime Thriller Awards">
Crime Thriller Awards

The Crime Thriller Awards is a British awards ceremony dedicated to crime thriller fiction. The inaugural event was held on 3 October 2008 at the Grosvenor Hotel, hosted by comedian and "Jonathan Creek" actor Alan Davies. It was televised on ITV3 on 6 October. The ceremony was preceded by seven weeks of crime-thriller-related programming on ITV3.
In 2009, the awards were merged with the Daggers, the awards presented by the Crime Writers' Association. A second "crime thriller season" was broadcast over six weeks on ITV3 before the awards were presented on 21 October. The 2009 ceremony was sponsored by the high street optician chain Specsavers.
The 2010 and 2011 awards ceremonies were presented by Marcus Brigstocke. Since 2012, Bradley Walsh has hosted the awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19647605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647605" title="Universal Edit Button">
Universal Edit Button

The Universal Edit Button is a green pencil icon in the address bar of a web browser that indicates whether a web page on the World Wide Web (most often a wiki) is editable. It is similar to the orange "broadcast" RSS icon () that indicates that there is a web feed available. Clicking the icon opens the edit window. It was invented by a collaborative team of wiki enthusiasts, including Ward Cunningham, Jack Herrick, and many others. The concept was first conceived during the 2007 RecentChangesCamp in Montreal. After the next RecentChangesCamp, coding began by Travis Derouin, Brion Vibber and other programmers, the button was officially launched on June 19, 2008.
Description.
The Universal Editing Button (UEB) is intended to enable an internet user to quickly recognize when a website — such as a wiki — may be edited. According to the UEB's creators, "it is a convenience to web surfers who are already inclined to contribute, and an invitation to those who have yet to discover the thrill of building a common resource. As this kind of public editing becomes more commonplace, the button may become regarded as a badge of honor. It serves as an incentive to encourage companies and site developers to add editable components to their sites, in order to have the UEB displayed for their sites."
Tim Berners-Lee's initial vision for the web was a read-write medium. However, as the web matured, very few web sites offered users the ability to write or edit. The web became primarily a "read only" medium. In the 2000s, wikis spread the concept that the web could be editable. The success of Wikipedia, and the increasing utility of wikis like wikiHow, AboutUs.org, Wikivoyage and Wikia demonstrated the possibility that open editing could create usable information resources.
Implementation.
The plug-ins on a browser side recognize the specific form of the alternative link specification in HTML fragment:
The "href" part tag species the edit page that corresponds with the page being viewed. Every server that is capable and willing to support the user editing can include this fragment and this way enable the button. Hence the button support can be relatively easily added to various web applications if the source code is available. The tag does not put any requirements on the details about the editing session itself and simply brings to the page where the user would also come by clicking on "Edit" tab (or similar). The button is normally used in the "user editable" pages, so no maintainer-only credentials should be asked to start a valid editing session. If only registered (logged in) users can edit, the button should bring to the register/login form.
Plug-ins are currently available for Firefox, Opera, Epiphany, and Chrome (there is ongoing work to support Internet Explorer).
History.
Conversations on this idea started at RoCoCo (a RecentChangesCamp) in Montreal in 2007, and discussions continued on the AboutUs wiki. At the Palo Alto RCC in 2008, a handful of people explored the idea, got excited about the ability to have the button automatically detected by browsers, and helped spread the idea.
Websites.
Websites supporting the Universal Edit Button include wikiHow, AboutUs.org, Wikimedia (including Wikipedia, Wiktionary, Wikimedia Commons and all other Wikimedia projects), MediaWiki software, DokuWiki, MoinMoin, PhpWiki, Socialtext, TWiki, the Creative Commons wiki, Foodista, Wikia, PBworks, WikkaWiki, Memory Alpha, Wired's How-To blog, WordPress (as a plug-in), and many others. Currently, the project's website lists over 80 other websites that have implemented support for the button.

</doc>
<doc id="19647608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647608" title="Holy Spirit Integrated School">
Holy Spirit Integrated School

Holy Spirit Integrated School is a private school in Antipolo City, Province of Rizal in the Philippines.
History.
The school was established in September 1997 but formally started its operation in June 1998. HSIS was organized and registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and was followed by the release of its Government Permit to operate for the S.Y. 1998-1999. The first year of operation was inaugurated with 29 pupils in Pre-school (N-K-P) to Grade V gathered in a school house which is now the Administration Building. In the second year a two-room annex building was built on the vacant lot.
For five years, HSIS operated with a Government Permit granted by the Department of Education which had to be renewed every school year. In 2003, when HSIS was granted by the DepED, "Government Recognitions in Pre-school, Grade school and High school" served as a permanent license to operate. HSIS was granted by the Bureau of Immigration an "Authority to Accept Foreign Students" through a Special Order issued in January 2006.
School logo.
The school logo has a white dove which symbolizes the Holy Spirit, the third person in Trinity. The dove is holding a gear with a flaming torch in it. An olive twig in the beak of the dove represents peace and harmony among all the members of the school community.

</doc>
<doc id="19647638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647638" title="2000–01 Liga Artzit">
2000–01 Liga Artzit

The 2000–01 Liga Artzit season saw Hapoel Ra'anana win the title and promotion to Liga Leumit alongside runners-up Maccabi Kafr Kanna. Maccabi Ashkelon and Maccabi Sha'arayim were relegated to Liga Alef.
Final table.
1. Two points deducted; one for player violence and one for violating budget rules.
2. One point deducted for player violence.
3. Two points deducted for violating budget rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19647658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647658" title="St. John's Sr. Sec. School, Meerut">
St. John's Sr. Sec. School, Meerut

St. John's Senior Secondary School is one of the oldest English medium schools in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India. The school is co-educational and is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi.
History.
1830 to 1881.
The Free or Station School for Regimental children was started in 1830 and remained on Government grant till 1874. There were no public schools at Meerut for the non-regimental population from 1874 to 1881. Private schools were attempted but none succeeded and the want of a good school was strongly felt. This was closed in 1874.
1881 to 1890.
In July 1881, a Girls Upper School was started by Miss Snelleking in Soldier's Chapel. Miss Snelleking's school with 27 children was handed over to the Chaplain of Meerut in January 1882 and was named St. John's Girls Upper School. Two more branches of St. John's School were opened in April 1882 in a rented bunglow on Boundary Road belonging to Mr Becon. The schools were named St. John's Boys Upper School and St. John's Lower School respectively. All three schools catered for the children of middle and lower classes who could not afford to provide English medium education to their wards by sending them to expensive Hill Boarding schools.
1890 to present.
In July 1890, the rented bungalow on the Boundary Road was vacated and children were shifted to the Soldier's Chapel. The three branches of the school were merged and named St. John's School. In July 1891, the school was shifted to Begum Sumroo's Chapel on 117 Bank Street, the present location of the school. 
The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi and is a co-educational institution. Students from 2.5 years to 18 years study in the school.
A memorable principal of the school was Mr.C.H Herbert who was ordained as a priest in the Church of North India and officiated at the St. John's Church at Meerut Cantt. After him came Mr.C.V. Ellis who served the institution as a Principal. Mr. D.V.S Chauhan then served as the acting principal. Mr.Chauhan was succeeded by late Mr. S.V. Prasad. The current principal of the school is Mrs. Chandralekha Jain.

</doc>
<doc id="19647662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647662" title="Kieron O'Hara">
Kieron O'Hara

Dr Kieron O'Hara is a philosopher, computer scientist and political writer. He is a senior research fellow within the department of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton where he specialises in the politics, philosophy and epistemology of technology. He is also a research fellow at the Web Science Trust and the conservative think-tank, the Centre for Policy Studies. 
In "Conservatism" (2011), O’Hara developed the philosophy of ‘small-c conservatism’ that he originally outlined in "After Blair" (2005/7). He argued that conservatism must be a philosophy concerned with social change, and must be defensible using public reason. To that end, he defined conservatism as the knowledge principle plus the change principle. The knowledge principle, influenced by scepticism, states that:
“because society and its mediating institutions are highly complex and dynamic with natures that are constantly evolving as they are co-constituted with the individuals who are their members, both data and theories about society are highly uncertain”.
The change principle adds:
“because the current state of society is typically undervalued, and because the effects of social innovations cannot be known fully in advance, then social change (a) must always risk destroying beneficial institutions and norms and (b) cannot be guaranteed to achieve the aims for which it was implemented. It therefore follows that societies should be risk-averse with respect to social change, and the burden of proof placed on the innovator, not his or her opponents. It also follows that change, when it does come, should ideally be (a) incremental, (b) reversible where possible and (c) rigorously evaluated before the next incremental step”.
Influenced by Edmund Burke, Adam Smith, Michael Oakeshott and Friedrich Hayek, O’Hara distanced conservative philosophy from free-market liberalism and neo-conservatism. He also developed ideas about risk and uncertainty about the environment to sketch a type of green conservatism.
Other projects have included co-authoring the script of "Tomb Raider 4" and an article in the "Journal of Popular Culture" on the film "Carry On Cabby"

</doc>
<doc id="19647666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647666" title="Powered skydiving">
Powered skydiving

Powered skydiving is an activity where a skydiver jumps from some height (usually an airplane) wearing propulson and small wings to fly their bodies. Efforts have been made by wingsuit flyers to sustain altitude, but the most successful was Yves Rossy who jumped out of an airplane wearing airplane-type rigid wings with four small jet motors attached to them.

</doc>
<doc id="19647671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647671" title="S.L. Benfica (rugby union)">
S.L. Benfica (rugby union)

The S.L. Benfica rugby union squad is a team based in Lisbon, Portugal. It is one of the most ancient Portuguese rugby teams.
Benfica hoped to secure a rugby field in Oeiras in a 20 year rental but the project has yet to start. It is expected to have a grass field capable of international matches, plus 2 synthetic fields for youth development, 3 football fields for Under 12, a 2,000 people stand and additional logistical support.
The club had a player in Portuguese National Team which participated in the 2007 Rugby World Cup, Diogo Gama.
Honours.
According to the official website

</doc>
<doc id="19647672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647672" title="Carmen Montón">
Carmen Montón

Carmen Montón Giménez (born 9 March 1976, Burjassot, Spain) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Married with one child, Montón studied medicine and became involved in the youth wing of the PSOE. She entered active politics in 1999 when she was elected a councillor for her home town of Burjassot to the immediate north-west of Valencia city. She resigned from the council in 2004 when she was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia, being re-elected in 2008.
Her activity in Congress in her first year was centred on legislative preparation for laws legalising marriage between two people of the same gender. She has also spoken in favour of efforts to reduce domestic violence, including the creation of a telephone line to help males of a violent disposition, and for new laws to allow pregnant deputies to cast votes from outside the Spanish Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19647723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647723" title="2009 Recopa Sudamericana">
2009 Recopa Sudamericana

The 2009 Recopa Sudamericana was the 17th Recopa Sudamericana, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana competitions.
The match was contested by Ecuadorian club LDU Quito, the 2008 Copa Libertadores champion, and Brazilian club Internacional, the 2008 Copa Sudamericana champion. LDU Quito won both games of the Recopa 1–0 and 3–0, respectively. This is their first Recopa Sudamericana title and their second international title. 

</doc>
<doc id="19647740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647740" title="Syrian parliamentary election, 2003">
Syrian parliamentary election, 2003

Parliamentary elections were held in Syria on 5 March 2003. The number of seats reserved for the parties in the National Progressive Front was 167, and that reserved for independents 83.

</doc>
<doc id="19647748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647748" title="Henri Mbazumutima">
Henri Mbazumutima

Henri Mbazumutima (born 8 March 1988) is a Burundian midfielder who played with Vital'O F.C. in the Burundi Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19647759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647759" title="Edwin Yoder">
Edwin Yoder

Edwin Milton Yoder (born July 18, 1934) is an American journalist and Pulitzer Prize winner.
Life.
Yoder was educated at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, graduating in English in 1956. He then won a Rhodes Scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford, and studied PPE from 1956 to 1958. He was then an editorial writer for various newspapers including the "Charlotte News", the "Greensboro Daily News" and the "Washington Star". During his time at the "Washington Star", he won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Writing in 1979. He has been a columnist on the "Washington Post" since 1982. In 1992, he was appointed Professor of Humanities at Washington and Lee University. He was elected to an Honorary Fellowship of Jesus College, Oxford in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19647760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647760" title="Bob McLean (footballer)">
Bob McLean (footballer)

Allan Robert Charles 'Bob' McLean (1 February 1914 – 9 November 1989) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Port Adelaide and Norwood in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Affectionately referred to as 'Big Bob' McLean, he later became a long serving football administrator in South Australia. He was also a good cricketer, representing South Australia in the Sheffield Shield and topped the Australian bowling and batting averages in 1947.
Football career.
As a player, McLean was mainly a ruckman but was also handy around goals, kicking 471 of them during his 221 game SANFL career. He started out at Norwood before crossing to Port Adelaide and participating in their 1939 premiership win. On four occasions he topped Port Adelaide's goal-kicking — 1940, 1941, 1947 and 1948. His tally of 80 goals in 1947 was enough to win him the league's Leading goal-kicker award. He also represented South Australia in nine interstate matches over the course of his career. 
While on military service in Melbourne he made three appearances for St Kilda in the 1941 VFL season.
Cricket career.
McLean, a right-handed batsman and a legbreak bowler, appeared in 20 first-class cricket matches for his state. He made 897 first-class runs at an average of 28.93 and took 65 wickets at 38.36. 
Both of his two first-class hundreds were scored in a one week period in the Sheffield Shield, towards the end of December 1949. The first was an innings of 213 which he made opening the batting against Queensland at the Adelaide Oval, dwarfing his team's next highest score of 45. Just two days after that match ended, South Australia met Victoria at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and McLean, opening the batting once more, scored 135 and again outshone his teammates with the next best effort being 31. Victoria's bowling lineup consisted of Test cricket Doug Ring as well as future Test players Jack Hill and Jack Iverson.
His first name Allan is given on cricket scorecards instead of Bob.
Football administration.
He was appointed 'Club Secretary' of Port Adelaide in 1949 and remained in the job until 1980. From 1983 to 1989 he was 'Club Chairman'. McLean was also a SANFL League Director for 29 years and state selector for 17 years.
Legacy.
In 2007 he was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame. Five years earlier he had been one of the inaugural inductees in the South Australian Football Hall of Fame. 
The A R McLean Medal is awarded to the Best and Fairest winner for The Port Adelaide Magpies Football Club (SANFL) each year. 
His son Ian also played first-class cricket for South Australia as a batsman, playing 25 matches and scoring two centuries - against Western Australia (103 not out) and Tasmania (111).

</doc>
<doc id="19647763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647763" title="2008–09 Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball team">
2008–09 Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball team

The 2008-09 Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball team was the 93rd collegiate basketball team fielded by Bowling Green State University and played their home games at Anderson Arena on the BGSU campus. The team looked to improve on their record after finishing 13-17 (7-9 MAC) placing 5th in the East Division (9th overall) and falling to rival Toledo in the MAC Tournament first round in coach Louis Orr's first season as head coach.
Schedule.
!colspan=8| Exhibition
!colspan=8| Regular Season
!colspan=8| MAC Tournament
!colspan=8| NIT Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19647764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647764" title="Maccabi Kafr Kanna F.C.">
Maccabi Kafr Kanna F.C.

Maccabi Kafr Kanna () is an Israeli football club based in Kafr Kanna. The club is currently in Liga Artzit and plays its home matches at the Azmi Nassar Stadium, named after Azmi Nassar
History.
The club was promoted to Liga Artzit (then the second division) in 1996. They were relegated back to the third tier at the end of the 1998-99 season, and narrowly missed a second straight relegation when finishing third from bottom in 1999-2000. The following season the club returned to the second tier (now named Liga Leumit) when they finished as runners-up in Liga Artzit, and would have won the title had it not been for two points being deducted for player violence and a violation of the budget rules. In the same season, they also won the Liga Artzit Toto Cup.
In 2002-03 Kafr Kanna were relegated back to Liga Artzit, where they have remained until their relegation to Liga Alef in the end of the 2008-09 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19647810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647810" title="Tony Hewson">
Tony Hewson

Anthony 'Tony' Hewson (born Sheffield, England, 26 January 1934) was a British racing cyclist who rode the Tour de France and, as an amateur, won the Tour of Britain in 1955. He has been critical of the way, as he sees it, British cycling has been let down by its administrators.
Background.
Hewson started cycling at 13 when his elder brother, John, asked him for a ride into Derbyshire. He had a heavy bicycle with a Sturmey-Archer hub gear, whereas his brother was already racing with Sheffield Central cycling club. He said:
Amateur career.
He joined a racing club affiliated to the British League of Racing Cyclists, an organisation set up to introduce massed racing on the open road. He became national junior road champion in 1951, a year in which he won three races and came second in five others.
He continued racing during national service from 1952 to 1954. He won the Viking Trophy race in the Isle of Man in 1954 and the fifth stage of the Circuit of Britain, alternative to the Tour of Britain. He won the Tour of Britain and the Tour of Scotland in 1955.
Semi-professional career.
Hewson became an independent, or semi-professional in 1957, racing in Britain, Belgium and France . He said:
He, John Andrews and Vic Sutton returned to the Côte d'Azur in February 1958, living in an old ambulance bought for £75. It became a chicken house the following season. In 1959 Hewson rode the Tour de France. He started ill-prepared after a six-week chest infection. He said:
On stage seven, to La Rochelle, Hewson was told to wait for a team-mate, Retwig, riding with him in an international team. Retwig had punctured.
Hewson and Sutton were taken on in 1960 by the Liberia-Grammont professional team led by Henry Anglade, but still riding as independents. Sutton described the venture as a short-lived disaster 
which reached its low when he brought down half the team when he fell on loose gravel on a bend - "for which I was blamed entirely."
Demoralisation set in and Hewson decided to quit. He was asked to join another team for the Tour de France but declined.
Retirement and assessment.
Hewson stopped racing when he was 26. He said: "I felt surprisingly old and wanted to seize other opportunities before it became too late. I knew I had other talents outside the sporting field waiting to be exploited. I had neither the ability, health nor luck to ride much higher in the sphere of cycle racing."
Ramon Minovi, writing for the Association of British Cycling Coaches, said:
Neither Sutton nor Andrews really lived up to their talent, either. All three could have achieved so much more in cycle racing: Andrews finished 13th in the world road championship, Sutton's climbing prowess was praised by Coppi. The reasons why riders like this seemed unable to capitalise on their talents and achievements are complex, but much of it has to do with the British handicap (in road racing) of starting not at the bottom of the ladder, but miles away from it. Despite his abilities (a Tour of Britain win, a finish in the Peace Race, wins and places all over France) you feel that Hewson was never going to make a long career of it. He seems not to have had the robust constitution which Sean Yates insists is essential to withstand the enormous work-load of professional road racing. It's no surprise when he tells his mate, ‘I just keep thinking how hard it is.'
Hewson remained bitter about the way British cycling had abandoned massed racing and the infighting between the British League of Racing Cyclists and the National Cyclists Union that followed its return. He said:
External links.
www.tonyhewson.com

</doc>
<doc id="19647818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647818" title="Liparis">
Liparis

Liparis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19647824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647824" title="Rafi Haladjian">
Rafi Haladjian

Rafi Haladjian (Armenian: Րաֆֆի Հալաջյան) (Arabic:رافي حالاجيان)born in Beirut, Lebanon) in 1961 is a Lebanese-born French serial entrepreneur of Armenian origin. He is the founder of numerous technology and telecom companies. Among others, he is known as the co-creator of the wireless-connected rabbit Nabaztag one of the pioneering icons of the Internet of Things.
Career.
Rafi Haladjian starts his professional by producing and directing filmed interviews with world renowned writers and artists: "Ionesco, conversation autour d'une caméra" (1982), "Italo Calvino, l'intervista inesistènte" (1984), "Fellini" (1990.
In 1986 he is recruited by the publishing company "Publications Nouvelles" to develop its emerging Minitel activities. He becomes the COO of the company in 1987. He then creates very successful subsidiaries in Italy 1989 and Spain 1991. In 1992 Rafi Haladjian buys the company he has been working for. In 1999, he sells all his french Minitel businesses to the Neocom Multimedia Group.
On June 8, 1994, Rafi Haladjian founds FranceNet one of the first Internet companies in France. FranceNet offers dialup Internet Connection using the POTN as well as access through the French voice services network (Audiotel) allowing users to pay by the minute without signing for a subscription. He also creates FranceWeb, an online directory of the French Web allowing all the new users of the network to find their way on the Internet.
In 1995, he diversifies his offer, creating a second ISP, Micronet, specialized in low cost connection offers. Besides being an ISP, FranceNet offers web hosting and web development services. The company created its own eCommerce software (used by the largest mail order company in France, La Redoute), site traffic measurement systems (along with BVA), graphical chat systems and more.

</doc>
<doc id="19647865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647865" title="Hapoel Umm al-Fahm F.C.">
Hapoel Umm al-Fahm F.C.

Hapoel Umm al-Fahm Football Club () is an Israeli football club based in Umm al-Fahm.
History.
Established in 1968, at the start of the 1990s the club was playing in Liga Alef (then the third division). At the end of the 1998-99 season they were relegated to Liga Bet North B. In 2005 They returned to Liga Alef.
After finishing as runners-up in Liga Alef North in 2006-07 under the management of Samir Issah, the following season the club won Liga Alef North and were promoted to Liga Artzit. In the 2008-09 season they were relegated to Liga Alef and later folded. however, the club re-founded in 2011, and immediately promoted to Liga Bet, where they play now.

</doc>
<doc id="19647869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647869" title="Interpersonal compatibility">
Interpersonal compatibility

Interpersonal compatibility is the long-term interaction between two or more individuals in terms of the ease and comfort of communication.
Existing concepts.
Although various concepts of interpersonal compatibility have existed from ancient times (see, e.g., Plato's "Lysis"), no general theory of interpersonal compatibility has been proposed in psychology. Existing concepts are contradictory in many details, beginning with the central point—whether compatibility is caused by matching psychological parameters or by their complementarity. At the same time, the idea of interpersonal compatibility is analyzed in non-scientific fields (see, e.g., Astrological compatibility).
Among existing psychological tools for studying and/or measuring interpersonal compatibility, the following are noteworthy:
Socionics has proposed a theory of intertype relationships between psychological types based on a modified version of C.G. Jung's theory of psychological types. Communication between types is described using the concept of information metabolism proposed by Antoni Kępiński. However, socionic theory is somewhat controversial because of a lack of experimental data (although socionic data are much more representative than, e.g., those of Ackoff and Emery).
Alternative hypotheses of intertype relationships were later proposed by adherents of MBTI (D. Keirsey's hypothesis of compatibility between Keirsey temperaments, an intertype relationships chart by Joe Butt and Marina Margaret Heiss, LoveTypes by Alexander Avila and some other theories). Neither of these hypotheses are commonly accepted in the Myers–Briggs type theory. MBTI in Russia is often confused with socionics, although the 16 types in these theories are described differently and do not correlate exactly.
Controversy.
The following problems may be reasons for the absence of a theory of psychological compatibility:
MHC and sexual mating.
It has been suggested that MHC plays a role in the selection of potential mates, via olfaction. MHC genes make molecules that enable the immune system to recognize invaders; generally, the more diverse the MHC genes of the parents, the stronger the immune system of the offspring. It would therefore be beneficial to have evolved systems of recognizing individuals with different MHC genes and preferentially selecting them to breed with.
Yamazaki et al. (1976) showed this to be the case for male mice, which show a preference for females of different MHC. Similar results have been obtained with fish.
In 1995, Swiss biologist Claus Wedekind determined MHC influences both body odors and body odor preferences in humans, and that the women's preferences depend on their hormonal status. In an experiment, a group of female college students smelled T-shirts that had been worn by male students for two nights, without deodorant, cologne or scented soaps. Overwhelmingly, the women preferred the odors of men with dissimilar MHCs to their own. However, their preference was reversed if they were taking oral contraceptives. The hypothesis is that MHCs affect mate choice and that oral contraceptives can interfere with the preference for variation. A study in 2005 on 58 test subjects confirmed that taking oral contraceptives made women prefer men with MHCs similar to their own. Several follow up studies have confirmed the belief that paternally inherited HLA-associated odors influence odor preference and may serve as social cues. In 2008, Peter Donnelly and colleagues proposed that MHC is related to mating choice in some human populations.
Complementarity.
Complementarity in social psychology is defined on the basis of the interpersonal circle (Carson, 1969), according to which interpersonal behaviors fall on a circle with two dimensions, namely dominance (i.e. dominant–submissive) and warmth (i.e. hostile–friendly). It states that each interpersonal behavior invites certain responses of another interactant. The behavior and the response it invites are said to be complementary (Horowitz, Dryer, & Krasnoperova, 1997) when friendly behavior begets hostile behavior, and dominant behavior begets submissive behavior. When people fail to give the invited response, it is said to be a non-complementary interaction. If the first person's behavior invites a reaction from the second person that matches the second person's goals, then the second person is satisfied; otherwise, the second person is frustrated (Dryer & Horowitz, 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="19647887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647887" title="Foreign Office Architects">
Foreign Office Architects

Foreign Office Architects, FOA, was an internationally acclaimed architectural design studio headed by former husband and wife team Farshid Moussavi and Alejandro Zaera-Polo. The London based studio, which was established in 1993, specialised in architectural design, master planning and interior design services for both public and private sector clients. Following the end of Moussavi and Zaera-Polo's marriage the cessation of the studio's activities was announced in June 2011. The establishment of two new practices, FMA (Farshid Moussavi Architecture) and London/Barcelona based AZPA Limited followed.
FOA's name was an allusion to the heritage of its principals with Zaera Polo hailing from Spain and Moussavi Iran. its office has projects in Japan, the United States, the Netherlands and Spain." 
FOA emerged as one of the most significant architecture and urban design practices of its time, and become known for combining technical innovation with design excellence. FOA has produced critically acclaimed and award winning projects. In their approach to architecture, FOA are new pragmatists, bringing to bear great technical rigor in their focus on organic growth and the evolution of design ‘species’ hybridizing uses relating to both local and global conditions. The work unfolds rigorously through a broad variety of locations and typologies.
The studio's first project and that which it is still most famously associated with, the Yokohama Pier Port Terminal in Japan, has been described as a hybrid of non-Cartesian industrial infrastructure and versatile social functionality. was won as a result of an international competition held in 1995 and was completed in 2002.
Work.
The work of the practice has branched into a very broad range of typologies and geographical locations and client types, rigorously developed to suit the particular conditions and programmatic requirements. 
Completed projects: 
In the UK: 
In the UK, projects under way include:
In Spain (where FOA has a local branch) completed projects include:
In Spain, projects under way include:
Completed projects in other European locations include:
Other European projects include:
Projects completed in Asia include:
In the USA FOA is developing:
In Asia FOA is currently building:
FOA has won several prestigious competitions and commissions, including the BBC Music Box for the firm’s White City complex in 2003, which was widely exhibited but the client has yet to commit to build it. The practice played a central creative role in the Masterplanning team for the London 2012 Olympics Park, site-wide infrastructure and accompanying long-term regeneration of the Lower Lea Valley (2002–2007) and was selected as part of the United Architects team to submit a design for the World Trade Center in New York in 2002, in the aftermath of 9/11.
Further reading.
The practice has been published in numerous monographs and catalogues globally:

</doc>
<doc id="19647892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647892" title="David Childs (academic)">
David Childs (academic)

David Childs (born September 1933 in Bolton, Lancashire, England) is an Emeritus Professor of Politics whose considerable contribution to the advancement of German studies has equipped academics, business leaders, government ministers and students develop a greater knowledge of Germany (former East - GDR, & West - FRG) and the politics behind the country.
Profile.
Childs studied at the London School of Economics and Political Science before taking up a British Council scholarship to Hamburg University, in 1956. He had already made several vacation trips to Germany the first being to the communist-organised Festival of Youth And Students in East Berlin in 1951 where he made private contacts which much later stood him in good stead for his researches. He was in East Berlin again just after the rising of June 1953 when the Soviet Army was used to crush the workers' revolt. This event, and books such as Orwell's "1984" and Koestler's "Darkness At Noon" turned him into a strong anti-Communist.
Having gained his Ph. D by part-time study at London University, he turned to academic work and was appointed Lecturer at Nottingham University in 1966. He was promoted to Senior Lecturer, and then Reader in 1976. By this time, he was well known for his books on Germany and for his book "Marx and the Marxists - An Outline of Practice And Theory".
Elected chairman of the Association for the Study of German Politics, now the International Association for the Study of German Politics in 1983, Childs conceived the idea for an Institute of German, Austrian and Swiss Affairs at Nottingham University. This was to be orientated to politics and society rather than language and literature. He engaged the interest of the City entrepreneur, John H. Gunn, a graduate in German of Nottingham University, and INGASA was established with financial help from Gunn in 1985. Upon completion of the bespoke building, the centre was opened by the Baroness Thatcher Margaret Thatcher, then Prime Minister in 1989. The German, Austrian and Swiss ambassadors became patrons and the Institute became internationally respected for its many highly successful conferences on themes such as the Austrian resistance to National Socialism, the ethnic Germans in the Soviet Union, German Liberalism, and training in German companies. In 1990, it held what was the biggest university conference to date on Germany with over 450 participants. Great controversy arose as speakers from all of the new East German political parties and the Communist SED Socialist Unity Party of Germany ("Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands") argued in the University's great hall about the future of East Germany.
German reunification, in October 1990, coincided with the start of the fall of INGASA. John Gunn had presided over the collapse of British & Commonwealth, one of the largest City businesses, and could no longer fund the Institute. The slump made it difficult to find alternative backers. Childs, promoted to professor in 1989, came under great pressure from those who had long disapproved of his line on Germany and Communism, and from professional rivals. He was removed from the directorship of the Institute in 1992, and took early retirement from the University two years later. He continued to serve as a member of the committee of the British-German Association [http://www.britishgermanassociation.org/index.php] until 1997.
The Fall of the German Democratic Republic.
Childs was one of the few who actually predicted the collapse of the Berlin Wall and of the GDR or DDR ("Deutsche Demokratische Republik") (November 1989). Few shared his standpoint on this.
After several visits in the late 1970s and early 1980s Childs concluded that, the East German state, the DDR (GDR), was not sustainable. He made such a prediction at a conference at the University of Dundee in 1981. As Professor Marianne Howarth later found in the East German archives, a secret report on this was duly sent back to East Berlin.
The Stasi attempted to monitor his activities not only on visits to East Germany but also in Britain. His appearance at a conference in Bradford in 1983 was again duly recorded in the Stasi archives. He was put on a Stasi Fahndung list and denounced in DDR publications as a 'British imperialist East researcher'. Childs later discovered the file that the Stasi had on him which covered a seven-year period. The file revealed that he had, in fact, been spied upon by two British spies - two British academics. [http://archive.thisislancashire.co.uk/1999/9/28/756260.html It also revealed that he was regarded by the East German secret police as their most serious opponent in Britain.
Childs delivered the same 'Dundee' analysis at the German Historical Institute in London 24 November 1987, and elsewhere. He predicted early German reunification and outlined a plan similar to the actual one adopted in an interview with Peter Johnson on the [West German radio Deutschlandfunk in April 1988. He was ridiculed! When he later spoke at the 'Pacific Workshop On German Affairs: The Two Germanies at Forty', - Long Beach, California, in April 1989, about the likely collapse of the DDR, he again met with strong opposition and ridicule. However, the organiser, Professor Christian Soe, invited him back, after German reunification, in 1991, writing, 'We are happy that David Childs, who in April 1989 took a minority position in clearly diagnosing the moribund condition of the East German system, returns to give us a post mortem ...' In an article written the day before the opening of the Berlin Wall, and published in the Yorkshire Evening Post, 9 November 1989, Childs predicted full German reunification and welcomed it. The following day The Guardian wrote, 'It would mean that a dangerous situation in the heart of Europe has been liquidated ...'
British political history and further research.
Childs' wide knowledge of both domestic and international affairs has been utilised by both government and commercial organisations such as: the BBC, Sky News, The Independent, The Times, MoD, Foreign & Commonwealth Office, Royal Institute of International Affairs (now Chatham House) and an array of City firms.
He has been a guest speaker on contemporary German themes at Harvard University, Johns Hopkins University, California State University, Long Beach, University of Texas at San Antonio, and, among others, in the 1990s and 2000s at Humboldt University of Berlin, University of Jena, Leipzig University, and University of Potsdam. He has also made himself available to voluntary groups in various parts of England.
Although a long-standing member of the European Movement, and a strong supporter of the European Union, Childs is known as the author of works on Britain rather than Germany. His "Britain Since 1945: A Political History", first published in 1979, has never been out of print, and has been revised and extended over the years. In 1997, Routledge published the fourth largely re-written edition, a 5th edition followed in 2001 and the 6th in 2006.[http://www.informaworld.com/smpp/title~db=all~content=t754739891]
Childs' most recent publication differs from his more usual academic publications as it is a novel, entitled "We Were No Heroes". It is about Martin Thomas, an Englishman who fought for the Waffen SS on the Eastern Front, survived a Soviet concentration camp, worked as a Stasi agent during the Cold War and witnessed the fall of the Berlin Wall. Childs based the semi-fictional account on a man he had met in Leipzig in 1989. The author and novel were recently mentioned in the Bolton News [http://www.theboltonnews.co.uk/news/districtnews/districtatog/4732317.Secret_life_behind_the_Iron_Curtain_exposed/ where he explains the events leading to the writing of this novel. Writing in the Guernsey Press [http://www.thisisguernsey.com/guernsey-press/] (11 January 2010) local historian, Herbert Winterflood, commented: "David has stuck to the main points of the Guernsey Occupation with a high degree authenticity ... David has given a very true account of the period ... The book ... is a good read."
Tam Dalyell, former Labour MP, wrote in The Oldie, Summer 2010, 'Childs develops an entirely credible story of this young Channel Islander, inspired by Amery, volunteering to serve in the Waffen SS on the Russian Front - there was never any question of those in Martin Thomas's position being expected to fight against this country. The narrative follows him into a Soviet concentration camp, and describes his life as a Stasi agent in the Cold War up to the fall of the Berlin Wall. I found We Were No Heroes compulsive reading and extremely informative.'
Having worked as a journalist, mainly for ATV, 1961–1964, Childs writes for newspapers, magazines and journals [http://www.davidchilds.co.uk/david_childs-articles.htm. Over 250 of his obituaries have been published in The Independent from 1988 to 2013.
In 2011, he was invited to talk at the Italian-German Historical Institute, based in Trento, Italy, at a conference on International and multidisciplinary perspectives 20 years after the collapse of communism [http://isig.fbk.eu/de/tagungen/52-studienwoche].
In September 2013, Childs was among a number of international observers following the German Federal Elections, German federal election, 2013. They travelled across Germany monitoring the various parties and witnessed Angela Merkel's famous third term as German Chancellor. Some photographs of his trip can be found here. Full website images here.
Award.
On 4 March 2013, Childs was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany ("Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland"), Germany's highest honour, in recognition of his 50 years of outstanding, pioneering academic work, particularly on the GDR, and his practical work in the field of reconciliation and friendship between Germany and the United Kingdom. The Cross of the German Order of Merit was presented at the German Embassy by the German Ambassador, [http://www.london.diplo.de/ Georg Boomgaarden, on behalf of the German President, Joachim Gauck. The event was attended by friends, family and former students including Neil Carmichael, MP, Kelvin Hopkins, MP, and [http://www.bolton.ac.uk/BoltonBusinessSchool/Our-Staff/Home.aspx Owain Blackwell, Head of Law at Bolton University. Pieces have appeared on many sites including his alma mater, the LSE and Nottingham University's website, and his home town's paper, The Bolton News.
Books.
Sole author:
Co-author/editor:
Other publications.
Professor Childs has made contributions to 20 other books and over 170 articles with other works pending, including over 250 obituaries for The Independent newspaper. Below is a list of where some of the articles have appeared:
The Independent, The Times, The Times Higher Education Supplement, The Times Literary Supplement, The Guardian, Daily Telegraph, International Affairs Albion (USA) [http://www.albion.appstate.edu/index.html, Current History (USA) Political Geography, Political Studies [http://www.politicalstudies.org/, English Historical Review, German Politics (IASGP) [http://www.iasgp.org/journal.asp].
Most recent conference publications:

</doc>
<doc id="19647912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647912" title="RAF Langham">
RAF Langham

Royal Air Force station Langham or simply RAF Langham is a former Royal Air Force station, located North-West of Norwich, Norfolk, England, from 1940 to 1961.
History.
The airfield was originally equipped with three grass runways. Originally opened as a satellite station for RAF Bircham Newton, the station became independent in 1942, when it was upgraded with concrete runways, perimeter track and hardstandings, and there is evidence to suggest that it was equipped with the FIDO fog dispersal system. 
In 1947 the station was placed into care and maintenance, but it was reactivated during the Korean War. It was later used as an emergency landing strip for RAF Sculthorpe, before final closure in 1961.
Langham aircraft.
Several types of aircraft have operated out of Langham, among these:
Current use.
The station was purchased by Bernard Matthews, who constructed turkey sheds on the runways. The turkey farm is now operated by another farmer, but the construction of the sheds has preserved large sections of the runways.
Surviving buildings on the site include the control tower and a dome trainer building used for the instruction of ground to air anti-aircraft gunnery.

</doc>
<doc id="19647950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19647950" title="Henning Frenzel">
Henning Frenzel

Henning Frenzel (born 3 May 1942 in Geithain) is a German former footballer. Frenzel was active in East Germany, and spent his entire career with Lokomotive Leipzig (in its various guises), where he totalled 420 appearances and 152 goals, respectively the third and fourth best in the DDR-Oberliga. He won 42 caps for East Germany, scoring 19 goals, and was part of the bronze medal-winning side at the 1964 Olympics. After retiring in 1978 he worked as a youth coach. In 2004, at the age of 62, he made a comeback for the now re-established Lokomotive Leipzig, in a Kreisliga-3 (tier 11) match against SV Paunsdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19648033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648033" title="Shimlapuri">
Shimlapuri

Shimla Puri is an area in Ludhiana city in Punjab, India. It has a small scale industry, but is large in size.

</doc>
<doc id="19648045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648045" title="Ronald Ardoin">
Ronald Ardoin

Ronald D. Ardoin (born June 13, 1957 in Carencro, Louisiana) is a retired jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing. He is one of a number of successful Cajun jockeys who began their careers riding in bush track races in Louisiana.
In 1973, at Delta Downs in Vinton, Louisiana, Ron Ardoin earned the first of his 5226 career wins. During his thirty-one years in racing he won twelve riding titles at Louisiana tracks, earning six at the Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans and another six at Louisiana Downs in Bossier City. Ardoin also won a riding title at Lone Star Park in Grand Prairie, Texas. At Oaklawn Park Race Track in Hot Springs, Arkansas, he scored the most significant win of his career when he rode Zarb's Magic to victory in the 1996 Arkansas Derby. That win led to his second appearance in the Kentucky Derby, in which he had finished tenth in 1985, riding Zarb's Magic to a thirteenth place result.
On August 20, 2000, Ron Ardoin became the 16th jockey in North America to win 5,000 races when he rode Heart of an Angel to victory at Louisiana Downs.
Ron Ardoin was inducted in the Fair Grounds Racing Hall of Fame in 1998 and the Lone Star Park Hall of Fame in 2007.
After an injury in March 2003 kept him out of racing, Ardoin officially retired in early 2004 having won 5226 races. A resident of Haughton, Louisiana, Ardoin currently works as a jockey's agent based at Louisiana Downs.

</doc>
<doc id="19648057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648057" title="Kenneth Roth">
Kenneth Roth

Kenneth Roth is an American attorney and has been the executive director of Human Rights Watch since 1993.
Early life.
Kenneth Roth, a graduate of Yale Law School and Brown University, was drawn to human rights causes through his Jewish father's experience of fleeing Nazi Germany in 1938. His father would keep his three young sons quiet as he cut their hair by telling tales of their grandfather's butcher shop in Frankfurt, Germany. As they grew older, he told them about living under the Nazis as a young boy and fleeing Germany in July 1938.
Career.
Jimmy Carter’s introduction of human rights as an element of US foreign policy in the late 1970s further inspired Roth to take on human rights as a vocation.
Prior to starting at HRW in 1987, Roth worked in private practice as a litigator and served as a federal prosecutor for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Iran-Contra investigation in Washington DC.
During the early years of his work in human rights movement, Roth focused on the Soviet imposition of martial law in Poland in 1981.
Roth joined Human Rights Watch in 1987 as deputy director. His initial work centered on Haiti, which was just emerging from the Duvalier dictatorship but continued to be plagued by brutal military rule. Since then, Roth has traveled the world over, pressing government officials of all stripes to pay greater respect to human rights.
His biography on the HRW website states he has "special expertise on: issues of justice and accountability for atrocities committed in the quest for peace; military conduct in war under the requirements of international humanitarian law; counterterrorism policy, including resort to torture and arbitrary detention; the human rights policies of the United States, the European Union, and the United Nations; and, the human rights responsibilities of multinational businesses."
Roth has published numerous articles, newspaper op-eds, and articles in academic journals, covering a wide range of issues, including "Domestic Violence as an International Human Rights Issue", in "Human Rights of Women: National and International Perspectives"; "The Case for Universal Jurisdiction"; "The Charade of US Ratification of International Human Rights Treaties"; and "The Law of War in the War on Terror - Washington's Abuse of Enemy Combatants" His Twitter handle is @KenRoth.
In September 2007, Roth gave a lecture entitled "The Dynamics of Human Rights and the Environment" at the University of San Diego's Joan B. Kroc Institute for Peace & Justice Distinguished Lecture Series.
Human Rights Watch.
In 1987, Roth was hired by Aryeh Neier to be deputy director of HRW and since 1993 (when Neier left to become head of George Soros' Open Society Institute), Roth has been the organization's executive director.
Under Roth’s leadership, Human Rights Watch has grown eight-fold in size and vastly expanded its reach. It now operates in more than 80 countries, among them some of the most dangerous and oppressed places on Earth.
During Roth’s tenure, Human Rights Watch has documented war crimes in Bosnia, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Iraq and Sierra Leone. Human Rights Watch researchers have testified at international tribunals. The organization has also done extensive work on child soldiers. The work of Human Rights Watch has helped to convict Liberian dictator Charles Taylor, Peru’s Alberto Fujimori and Chile’s Augusto Pinochet, among others, for crimes against humanity.
As a founding member of the International Campaign to ban Landmines, in 1997 Human Rights Watch shared the Nobel Peace Prize for helping bring about the Mine Ban Treaty.
Human Rights Watch History:
Criticism.
Under Roth's leadership, Human Rights Watch has been criticized for perceived biases.
Venezuela<br> 
On December 17, 2009 118 scholars from Argentina, Australia, Brazil, México, the UK, the US, Venezuela and other countries publicly criticized HRW in an open letter to the HRW Board of Directors in response to an HRW report, "A Decade Under Chávez: Political Intolerance and Lost Opportunities for Advancing Human Rights in Venezuela". The report was criticized for bias against the government of Venezuela and its President, Hugo Chavez, stating that it "does not meet even the most minimal standards of scholarship, impartiality, accuracy, or credibility." One of the letter's authors, Hugh O'Shaughnessy, accused HRW of using false and misleading information, and said the HRW report was "put together with the sort of know-nothing Washington bias..." Kenneth Roth responded, stating that the letter misrepresented "both the substance and the source material of the report."
In late 2012 Roth was criticized for stating that Venezuela, Bolivia, and Ecuador, all members of South America's Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas (ALBA), were the "most abusive" states in South America, despite the dire situation in Colombia, where over 250,000 people have been killed by right wing death squads.
Rwanda<br> 
Fred Oluoch-Ojiwah, of Rwanda’s New Times newspaper, questions Roth’s impartiality and equates his criticism of Rwanda’s human rights record to a “love affair” with the “genocidaires” that carried out the Rwandan Genocide of 1994.
“As a western human rights personality always fail to understand the intricacies and complexities surrounding the 1994 Genocide against Tutsi. Wrapping it up simplistically the way he has done will only serve to undo the gains already registered in driving the very delicate process of bringing forth a new dispensation in Rwanda and by extension the African Great Lakes region,” Oluoch-Ojiwah wrote.
Israel and Palestine
Kenneth Roth has been criticized by the Jerusalem-based NGO Monitor for allegedly being biased against Israel. Gerald M. Steinberg has been a long-time critic of Roth's role as head of Human Rights Watch from 1993. Writing in a 2004 Jerusalem Post article in response to Roth's op-ed in which Roth accused NGO Monitor of disregarding basic facts, "fictitious allegations of bias" and a "fantasy-based discourse" which "does a deep disservice to Israel",
In August 2006, during the war between Hezbollah and Israel, Roth rejected criticism of HRW’s allegations against Israel, writing in a letter to the editor of the "The New York Sun": "An eye for an eye — or, more accurately in this case, twenty eyes for an eye — may have been the morality of some more primitive moment. But it is not the morality of international humanitarian law which Mr. Bell pretends to apply." In response, the head of the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) referred to Roth’s rhetoric as a reflection of "classic anti-Semitic stereotype about Jews".
In reaction to Richard Goldstone's recantation of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict report, HRW Founder Robert Bernstein said to the Jerusalem Post in April 2011, referring to Roth, that it "is time for him to follow Judge Goldstone’s example and issue his own mea culpa.”
Ethiopia<br>
The Ethiopian Human Rights Commission (EHRC) has taken issue with the credibility of Roth’s accusations that Ethiopia’s government is corrupt and uses international aid funding for “repressive purposes.” 
The EHRC accused Roth of impartiality caused by a desire to “appease…wealthy financiers.” It cited his evaluation of the Democratic Institution Program (DIP) as “superficial” and claimed that his allegations of corruption were based on “poor methodology.” EHRC also called Roth’s recommendations a “contradiction” that called “for the promotion of human rights at the expense of human rights programs and their implementers.” 
Awards and honors.
Doctor of Humane Letters, Brown University, 2011 
Doctor of University, University of Ottawa, 2010 
Doctor of Laws, Bowdoin College, 2009
William Rogers Award, Brown University, 2009
Jean Mayer Global Citizenship Award, Tufts University, 2004
Published articles.
"No Safe Haven?", Foreign Policy, May 26, 2011
“New Laws Needed To Protect Social Media,” Global Post, April 14, 2011
“Falling for Empty Talk on Human Rights,” International Herald Tribune, January 21, 2011
“Eat, Drink Human Rights,” Los Angeles Times, January 23, 2011 
"9/11 Justice for New Yorkers," "Guardian", November 16. 2010.
“Canada no longer leads on human rights,” Ottawa Citizen, October 15, 2010.
“The Abusers’ Reaction: Intensifying Attacks on Human Rights Defenders, Organizations, and Institutions,” Brown Journal of World Affairs, Spring/Summer 2010.
“Empty Promises? Obama’s Hesitant Embrace of Human Rights,” Foreign Affairs, March–April 2010.
“Geneva Conventions Still Hold Up,” Foreign Policy in Focus, Dec. 30, 2009.
“Don’t smear the messenger,” Jerusalem Post, Aug. 25, 2009.
“Death Squads: A Murderous Plague,” Far Eastern Economic Review, May 20, 2009.
“The power of horror in Rwanda,” Los Angeles Times, April 11, 2009.
“Justice or impunity: What will Kenya choose?” East African, April 3, 2009.
“G20: The summit must not forget human rights,” Guardian.com, April 2, 2009.
“Ballots and Bullets,” New York Times Book Review, March 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19648108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648108" title="Kevin Montgomery">
Kevin Montgomery

Kevin Montgomery (born April 4, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Dornbirner EC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
Playing career.
Montgomery was drafted 110th overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the Colorado Avalanche. Recruited from the United States Development program in the NAHL, Montgomery then joined Ohio State University in collegiate hockey. Midway through his freshman year, Kevin left the Buckeyes for the London Knights of the OHL for the remainder of the 2006–07 season. During the 2007–08 season, Montgomery was then named to the United States team for the 2008 World Junior Championships. 
Upon completing his second year with the Knights, Montgomery signed an Amateur Try-Out agreement with the Avalanche's AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters on April 3, 2008, and played out the remainder of the season. Prior to the 2008–09 season, Montgomery signed a three-year entry level contract with the Avalanche on October 1, 2008. After appearing in the first five games of the AHL season with the Monsters, Montgomery was then re-assigned back to junior team the London Knights.
On February 28, 2011, at the NHL Trade Deadline he was dealt by the Avalanche to the Edmonton Oilers for defenseman, Shawn Belle. He was immediately re-assigned to AHL affiliate, the Oklahoma City Barons.
On June 27, 2012, as a free agent Montgomery signed a one-year contract with Scandinavian club, Lillehammer IK, of the GET-ligaen. During the 2012–13, Montgomery added a stabilising presence to the Blueline of Lillehammer, adding 19 points in 41 games. 
Montgomery opted to remain in Europe the following season, signing a one-year contract with Dornbirner EC of the Austrian Hockey League on May 10, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19648110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648110" title="Malaysia–Netherlands relations">
Malaysia–Netherlands relations

Netherlands-Malaysia relations refers to interstate relations of the Netherlands and Malaysia. Netherlands has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia has an embassy in The Hague.
History.
While the modern Netherlands seem to be far away from Malaysia, the Dutch involvement in the Malay Peninsula used to be much more extensive than it is now. The Dutch established relations with the Sultanate of Johor in the early 17th century, and in 1641 they captured the Portuguese colony of Malacca (on the south-eastern coast of today's Peninsular Malaysia). With a long interruption during the Napoleonic Wars, the Dutch Malacca era lasted until 1824.
A small Dutch-Malaysian Eurasian community, descended from the Dutch settlers in Malacca, persists to these days.
In the 20th century, the Netherlands established diplomatic relations with Malaysia soon after the Asian state became independent. The erudite Dutch Sinologist and author Robert van Gulik (who was raised in the former Dutch East Indies himself) served as the ambassador of the Netherlands in Kuala Lumpur in the early 1960s. During his diplomatic service there he became closely acquainted with Malaysia's gibbons (he kept a few in his ambassadorial residence) and became sufficiently interested in this ape species to start the study of its role in ancient Chinese culture, the results of which he later published in his last book ("Gibbon in China").

</doc>
<doc id="19648111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648111" title="John Mastel">
John Mastel

Royston John Mastel CVO CBE (30 May 1917–7 April 1998) was a British police officer in the London Metropolitan Police.
Mastel was educated at Tottenham Grammar School and joined the Metropolitan Police as a Constable in 1937. He served as a pilot in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve from 1941 to 1945, being commissioned from the rank of Flight Sergeant in May 1944 and promoted Flying Officer in November 1944. Rejoining the police, he was promoted Sergeant in 1946, Inspector in 1951, and Superintendent in 1955. In 1966 he was promoted Commander and made second-in-command of No.2 District. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1969 Birthday Honours, having been promoted Deputy Assistant Commissioner (Personnel).
In 1972, he was appointed Assistant Commissioner "D" (Personnel and Training) and in October 1972 he took over as Assistant Commissioner "A" (Operations and Administration). He retired on 31 December 1976 and was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in the 1977 Birthday Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="19648124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648124" title="Rashi Bunny">
Rashi Bunny

Rashi Bunny () is an Indian theatre and cinema actress. She has performed in Bhisham Sahni's "Madhavi", Manjula Padmanabhan's Hidden Fires, and Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's "The Little Prince" with director Arvind Gaur. Rashi Bunny was selected as "one of the 50 Icons: Emerging personality of India" by Sahara India group with Rahul Gandhi. Rashi Bunny also known for "I have a dream" theatre workshop for self-exploration and creative expression.
She worked with Living Theatre Academy under Ebrahim Alkazi. She is guest faculty at National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) and has lectured widely in schools, colleges, and institutes of repute in India and abroad. Rashi organized theatre workshops for children in schools and worked with NGOs on social issues.
Education.
She completed higher secondary studies at Maharani Gayatri Devi School, Jaipur. She further studied at Sri Venkateshwara College, Delhi University and studied theater at University of Alabama and Rutgers University.
Theatre training.
Rashi did a children’s theatre workshop at the National School of Drama. She participated in SNA Theatre Workshop, under Kanhai Lal at National Center for Performing Arts, Mumbai. After her graduation, Rashi pursued her training in Theatre Arts and Design at the University of Alabama and Rutgers University, New Jersey, USA. She is a recipient of a Young Artist Scholarship And Junior Fellowship from department of Culture HRD and Ruby Lloyd Artistic and Academic Excellence award and Best International Student Scholarship Award. She acted as lead character in many plays, such as Beth Henley's "Abundance" and Jules Feiffer's "Feiffer's People" and worked with directors like Karma Ibsen, Ward Haarbauer, and Anne Carmichael.
Theatre in India.
On her return to India, she worked with Arvind Gaur to explore the new language for solo performances. Rashi acted in many plays with Asmita theatre. She received the Young Artist scholarship and worked under Shyamanand Jalan in Kolkata and was part of many productions, like Vijay Tendulkar's "Khamosh! Adaalat Jaari Hai" ("Shantata! Court Chalu Aahe") and "Char Sau Karod Bhullakar". "Nabh Taaron Se Khandit Pulkit", translated from an American dark comedy, was her directorial debut at Padatik. Under the MHRD fellowship, she has written a thesis on Padmashri Ratan Thiyam's Theatre based in Manipur.
Design and direction.
Founding director of Banjara Theatre group at IIT Kharagpur, she has designed and directed many plays such as:
She directed many open-air productions like Daldal, Swaha-Swaha, Bandar Kaun, Girgit, Pahle Aap, Teen Apahij, Deewaren Kuchh Kehna Chahti hain, Haathi ki Po(n) etc.
For the Children's Theatre Wing of Banjara, she has written and directed musicals like Veer Abhimani, Aazadi Muft Nahin, TunTun TunTun Tana Bana, Education Gives Real Freedom, Gopi Gayan Bagha bayen, Beda Dekho Ki
She conducted theatre workshop and directed the children's play "Ujla Tota Sabz Pari, In the universe on a magical spree" for Nehru Centre, Mumbai, 2007.
Bunny worked with many schools of repute like "Kena Kamal Becha Malamal" adapted from Badal Sircar's Bengali play Hathamaler Paar in Sahayadri School, J Krishnamurty Foundation, and Pune.
Theatre festivals.
These plays have been performed for theatre festivals, institutions and NGOs in India and abroad such as Bharat Rang Mahotsav, Muktibodh Natya Utsav, Vivechana National Theatre Festival, Fifth National Balaghat Theatre Festival, Mahindra’s Old World Theatre festival, World Dignity Forum, World Social Forum, Mumbai, The Bash-International Day for Elimination of Violence against Women, Chennai, SATTA-Theatre festival on Power politics, Natrani Festival, Darpana Academy, Ahemdabad, Sahitya Kala Parishad Theatre festival of Best productions of the year, National Solo Theatre Festival, Manch Rangmanch, Punjab Naatshala, Amritsar, Nandikar 23rd National Theatre Festival, Kolkata, Chauraha NCPA, Mumbai,Chaiti, Bhanpura, Performance and Written Word, Sangeet Natak Akademi, Jawahar Kala Kendra Theatre Festival, Jaipur.
International festivals include ARMMONO-2 International One Man show festival, Yerevan, Armenia,The North Meetings, International Theatre festival, Niznevartovsk, Russia, ART’ sce`ne, festival international des arts de la sce`ne, France
Theatre teaching.
Rashi has conducted theatre workshops for engineering and management students at IITs, IIM, colleges in Delhi and Mumbai, and for children, youth and adults from all kinds of background and judged many drama competitions all over India. For India Habitat Centre she has conducted theatre workshops and was the coordinator for the Platform theatre. She was guest faculty at NIFT and has lectured widely in schools, colleges, and institutes of repute in India and abroad. She participated in major theatre seminars and conferences all over world.
Personal.
Rashi Bunny's mother is an alumnus of National School of Drama. Rashi's husband Dr. Parag Bhargava is a professor at IIT Bombay.
Also read.
Rang Prasang, National School of Drama's Theatre Magazine, July–August, 2007, page 30
'Vidusi Abhinatri' Rashi Bunny' by Jaidev Taneja (prominent drama critic)

</doc>
<doc id="19648139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648139" title="Belgium–Malaysia relations">
Belgium–Malaysia relations

Belgium–Malaysia relations refers to foreign relations between Belgium and Malaysia. Belgium has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Brussels.
History.
In 1968 Malaysia's Deputy Premier and Defense Minister, Tun Abdul Razak, toured the Belgian Navy mine school. In 2000 a trade mission from Wallonia, was interested in joint-venture partners with Malaysian industry
Silvana Flogathier, the head of the delegation said: "We are convinced that Malaysia is a very good base to establish representative office and joint-venture." 
In 2001 the Malaysian Association of Belgium & Luxembourg was formed by the Embassy of Malaysia in Brussels. 
In 2002 Datuk Seri Rafidah Aziz of Malaysia said Belgium could serve as a "gateway for Malaysian companies venturing into the European market, while Malaysia can serve as the competitive springboard for Belgian companies entering the East Asian markets." In 2006 Essensium NV, a computer chip manufacturer raised USD 7.1 million from Atlantic Quantum Sdn. Bhd. of Malaysia. In 2007 Vanbreda International of Belgium chose Malaysia as its global operations centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19648153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648153" title="Hüseyin Erkan">
Hüseyin Erkan

Hüseyin Erkan (born 1958 in Konya, Turkey) is the CEO of the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). He was the Chairman and CEO of the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) from 2007 until 2012.
After graduating from high school in Konya Mr. Erkan completed a certificate program at the English Language Center in Brighton, England. He received an Associate in Science (AS) degree from Orange County Community College in New York in 1979, then graduated from New York University Stern Business School with a B.S degree in Economics (1981) and an MBA in the fields of International Business and Finance (1984) with a thesis project on currency risk management at the United Nations Development Program (UNDP).
Early in his career, Mr. Erkan had extensive experience in the transportation, petroleum and manufacturing sectors. He entered the capital markets in 1989 as a Research Analyst working with foreign institutional investors. Subsequently, he worked as a Research Analyst on a retainer basis for Bankers Trust following various sectors in the capital markets of Turkey between 1992 and 1993. He became a partner and Deputy Chairman to Tezal Securities in Istanbul for two years and left the company prior to joining the Istanbul Stock Exchange (ISE) in 1994.
After working some years in the private sector, Hüseyin Erkan served between 1994 and 1996 as Director of Research and International Markets at the ISE. In 1995 he was promoted to Executive Vice Chairman at ISE and in 1996 to deputy CEO. He served at this position until 2006, and was at the same time board member of Takasbank, the Settlement and Custody Bank of ISE.
During his tenure at ISE Mr. Erkan had additional responsibilities as a member of the Executive Board of the Turkish-Japanese Business Counsel; Co-Director of projects with the OECD in SME financing and best practices for developing stock exchanges; representative of ISE at FEAS and other organisations such as the International Organization of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE), as well as being the Joint Project Coordinator of Southeast European Cooperative Initiative (SECI) to implement a cooperation Project for the securities markets in the Balkans. He also initiated a project for the cooperation of securities markets of the Islamic countries in COMCEC Subcommittee under the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
Prior to his appointment as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Istanbul Stock Exchange by the Turkish Government, Mr. Erkan was the Chief Advisor to the Board of Konya Sugar Company, the largest private sector group of companies in sugar refining and agricultural products in Turkey. He was responsible for restructuring the group's activities.
On November 2, 2007, Hüseyin Erkan was appointed Chairman and CEO of the same institution for five years replacing Osman Birsen.
Mr. Erkan was elected a board member of the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) in October 2008 and was a board member through end of 2011, when his term of office ended at the Istanbul Stock Exchange. In June 2012, Mr. Erkan was officially appointed to the position of Secretary General of the WFE, until the 52nd WFE General Assembly in October 2012, when a new structure for the organization, creating the positions of Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Operating Officer (COO), was officially ratified. Mr. Erkan was then appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer, a position he currently holds.
Personal life.
Hüseyin Erkan is married and has two children. He speaks English.

</doc>
<doc id="19648157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648157" title="Myrmeleon pictifrons">
Myrmeleon pictifrons

Myrmeleon pictifrons is a species of insect known commonly as ant-lion or doodlebug. "Myrmeleon pictifrons" is native to the Australasian region and one of over 200 species of ant-lion recorded globally. 
There are only two species of ant-lion currently documented that are unique to the Australasian region. "Myrmeleon pictifrons" is found across the entire Australasian region whereas the second, "Glenoleon banksi New" is found only on the Australian continent.

</doc>
<doc id="19648176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648176" title="France–Malaysia relations">
France–Malaysia relations

France–Malaysia relations refers to a foreign relations between the two countries, France and Malaysia. France has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Paris.
History.
The relations started after the Federation of Malaya achieved independence on 1957, although the first Malayan ambassador to France only arrived in Paris on 1959. During the administration of Jacques Chirac and Mahathir Mohamad, the relations significantly improved especially in economics, politics and culturally aspects.
Economy relations.
Many French companies has started investment in Malaysia mainly in technology sectors. Currently Malaysia has been consider by France as the second largest economic partner in ASEAN and there are 260 French companies operating which are ready to support all projects to turn Malaysia to become a fully developed country by 2020.
Education and culture.
Since 1960s, the French government has provided grants and scholarships to Malaysian students to study in France especially on science and technical fields. While in Malaysia, around 100 hundred French students go to Malaysia every year to study.
Security relations.
France are the one of the Malaysia main military partners in the supply of military equipment and defence services. Since 1990s, both countries has strived to consolidate defence relations, a large numbers of French military industries has began to establish cooperation with the Malaysian partners. One of the example are the French naval shipbuilding company, the DCNS. In 2002, two Malaysian submarine are build in France and Spanish shipyards which then delivered in Malaysia in 2009 and early 2010. Other French companies also has been actively taking part on the Langkawi International Maritime and Air Show (LIMA) and in DSA exhibitions. Initially, the French-Malaysian defence relationship was based on large military programmes of arms procurement.

</doc>
<doc id="19648183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648183" title="One Corporate Centre">
One Corporate Centre

One Corporate Centre is an office skyscraper in Pasig City, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the 13th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well with a height of 202 metres (662.73 feet) from ground to tip of architectural antenna. The building has 45 floors above ground including 7 floors for commercial purposes, and 9 basement levels for parking.
One Corporate Centre was designed by Philip H. Recto Architects, and is developed and owned by Amberland Corporation.
Location.
The building is located at the corner of Meralco Avenue and Julia Vargas Avenue in Pasig City, and is strategically positioned within the Ortigas Center, the second largest Central Business District (CBD) of the country. One Corporate Centre is located near the Philippine Stock Exchange at Tektite Towers, and a few blocks away from the headquarters of San Miguel Corporation. There are also a number of residential condominiums and high end villages like Valle Verde at the vicinity of the building's location, as well as a major shopping malls like the SM Megamall, Robinsons Galleria, and Shangri-la Plaza.
Features and amenities.
The building will have a gross leasable office space of .
Amenities inside the building include a Food Court, Executive Dining/Restaurants, Function Rooms with audio-visual facilities, Gallery overlooking Ground Floor lobby for art and other exhibits, Coffee shops, and a Fitness Center.
There will also be a 9 basement levels for parking with paging system, and a helipad at roofdeck.
14 high-speed elevators and 2 service elevators will service the entire building to the office floors and to the parking basements, respectively. There will also be 1 service elevator that will service all floors for other purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19648188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648188" title="2013 Summer Deaflympics">
2013 Summer Deaflympics

The 2013 Summer Deaflympics, officially known as the 22nd Summer Deaflympics, was an international multi-sport event that took place in Sofia, Bulgaria from July 26 to August 4, 2013. The marathon had been held before in Füssen, Germany in 21 July.
<br>Sofia was hosting the biggest sports event for deaf athletes for a second time. In the past the Bulgarian capital hosted the 1993 Summer Deaflympics, thus becoming only the second city, together with Copenhagen, which will host two Summer Deaflympics.
Sports.
The sports offered at the 2013 Summer Deaflympics was held in 19 disciplines, including 14 individual sports and 5 team sports:

</doc>
<doc id="19648198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648198" title="Worldfocus">
Worldfocus

Worldfocus was an American newscast focused on international news and reporting. The newscast was originally anchored by Martin Savidge and later hosted by Daljit Dhaliwal. It was produced by WNET New York and distributed to U.S. public television stations by American Public Television. It ceased broadcasting on April 2, 2010.
History and operation.
The program launched on October 6, 2008, in many cases replacing "BBC World News", which continued to air on some public TV stations; following the cancellation of "Worldfocus", many of the stations that had dropped the BBC program have since resumed carrying it. "Worldfocus" was not part of the national PBS schedule and did not air on all U.S. public TV stations. " Worldfocus" was a "testing ground", and "important laboratory" for new digital production techniques.
The program uses a number of producers and reporters from a variety of international media sources. News stories and video segments are used from: ABC, Al Jazeera English, Asian News International, Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Channel 2 (Israel), Channel 10 (Israel), the Christian Science Monitor, Deutsche Welle, ITN, LinkTV, NBC News, The New York Times, NHK, and Rede Globo.[http://worldfocus.org/blog/2008/11/21/frequently-asked-questions/2869/]
Awards and changes to show.
Worldfocus received Emmy nominations for the its broadcast series "Crisis in Congo", as "Best story in a regularly scheduled newscast", and "21st Century Africa", as "Outstanding feature story in a regularly scheduled broadcast". "Crisis in Congo" also won the 2009 Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award in the international television category.
On the August 28, 2009, program, host Martin Savidge announced that Daljit Dhaliwal would be taking over his role, while Savidge would still host one week a month and have an opportunity to "step out from behind the desk." Savidge became a special correspondent (Dhaliwal's former role) for the show and served as host occasionally on Worldfocus.
Cancellation.
On March 8, 2010, Daljit Dhaliwal announced at the end of that night's program, that "Worldfocus" would cease programming on April 2, 2010. The" Worldfocus" official website cited "fundraising difficulties" as the reason for the program's demise. In fact Worldfocus was several million dollars off its fundraising goals. Overall "Worldfocus" was very expensive to produce, and did not bring in the crucial viewer donations as BBC World News had reliably done for years before. Cutbacks, dismissal of personnel, and cancellation of other WNET programs were blamed on spending for "Worldfocus", although WNET CEO Neal Shapiro denies this. Neal Shapiro said, "Given the economic environment we now face, it is not prudent to continue the broadcast at this time". " Worldfocus" failed to garner an audience above 300,000 people. WNET had planned "Worldfocus" to be the flagship program of an expensive new studio then under construction at Lincoln Center. The completed studio was later used for other programs. In April 2010 WNET started again airing BBC World News, the very program that" Worldfocus" had replaced in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19648202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648202" title="Peter Latham (cyclist)">
Peter Latham (cyclist)

Peter David Latham (born January 8, 1984 in Te Awamutu, New Zealand) was a cycling competitor for New Zealand. He competed in the team pursuit at the 2004 Olympic Games, where New Zealand finished tenth. In 2005 Latham won the bronze medal in the Under 23 Individual Time Trial at the Road World Championships in Madrid. He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne where along with Tim Gudsell, Hayden Godfrey and Marc Ryan he won a bronze medal in the Team pursuit.
After breaking his back in a crash in 2007, Latham came back to represent New Zealand at the 2008 Olympic Games. At the 2009 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Poland, Latham along with Marc Ryan, Jesse Sergent, and Westley Gough claimed the bronze medal in the team pursuit. The following year Latham was part of the New Zealand team pursuit that won bronze again at the 2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Denmark.
At the 2011-2012 UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics, Latham won the Individual Pursuit at the Beijing round. He was the overall World Cup series winner in the Individual Pursuit that season and finished the season ranked World Number One in the Individual pursuit by the Union Cycliste International.
Latham retired at the end of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19648205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648205" title="Malaysia–Switzerland relations">
Malaysia–Switzerland relations

Malaysia–Switzerland relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and Switzerland. Malaysia has an embassy in Bern, and Switzerland has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur.
History.
In 19th century, Swiss trading companies has set up operations in Malaysia. While the diplomatic relations has been established since 1963.
Economic relations.
Switzerland maintains good contacts in the educational field and supports projects of the International Tropical Timber Organization (ITTO) for the sustainable management of tropical forests. Many Swiss companies has operating in Malaysia. Since 2011, there are currently 792 Swiss nationals who reside in Malaysia. Several agreements, such as avoidance on tax were also been signed. Many Swiss foods brand such as chocolates and yogurts has reach Malaysian markets and popular on the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19648215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648215" title="The Edublog Awards">
The Edublog Awards

The Edublog Awards are an annual, community based programme which recognises and celebrates excellent practice in the use of weblogs and social media to facilitate education. Entries are welcome from any country, in any language, from educators working with any age group or type of learner, including learner led initiatives. Nominations open within categories in November of each year, with the Awards event taking place in December following a community vote.
History.
The Awards were founded in 2004 by James N. Farmer, based in part on a suggestion by Alexander Halavais. The following year, Josie Fraser took over the awards management, working with Dave Cormier and Jeff Lebow from 2005 onwards. In 2007 James N. Farmer rejoined the team, and Jo Kay joined the team for the first time, providing the awards ceremony with a home in the virtual world platform Second Life.
Goals.
The three main aims behind the awards are to:
Past winners.
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011

</doc>
<doc id="19648225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648225" title="GREET Model">
GREET Model

GREET (Greenhouse gases, Regulated Emissions, and Energy use in Transportation) is a full life-cycle model sponsored by the Argonne National Laboratory (U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy). It fully evaluates energy and emission impacts of advanced and new transportation fuels, the fuel cycle from well to wheel and the vehicle cycle through material recovery and vehicle disposal need to be considered. It allows researchers and analysts to evaluate various vehicle and fuel combinations on a full fuel-cycle/vehicle-cycle basis.
The basic implementation of the model was made using Excel spreadsheets. However a more practical and easy to use software is being prepared. Its release has been announced to be made during a workshop at which users will be able to learn how to use this new software.
Content.
For a given vehicle and fuel system, GREET separately calculates the following:
GREET includes more than 100 fuel production pathways and more than 70 vehicle/fuel systems.
Michael Wang, a Senior Scientist in the Energy Systems Division is the primary developer of GREET.

</doc>
<doc id="19648260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648260" title="Mitsumineguchi Station">
Mitsumineguchi Station

Lines.
Mitsumineguchi Station is served by the Chichibu Main Line from , and is located 71.7 km from Hanyū. It is also served by through services to and from the Seibu Chichibu Line.
Station layout.
The station is staffed and consists of one side platform (platform 1) and one island platform (platforms 2/3) serving three tracks. Stabling and run-round tracks are also provided next to track 3 and in the former freight platforms. A turntable is provided for turning steam locomotives used on "SL Paleo Express" services.
History.
Mitsumineguchi Station opened on 15 March 1930.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2000, the station was used by an average of 764 passengers daily.
Surrounding area.
Chichibu Railway Park.
A number of old Chichibu Railway vehicles are preserved in the Chichibu Railway Park located on the north side of the station, adjacent to the turntable.
The following vehicles are on display.

</doc>
<doc id="19648266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648266" title="Gal Level">
Gal Level

Gal Level is an award-winning R&B girl duo from Windhoek, Namibia, made up of Daphne Willibard (1 April 1981) and Frieda Haindaka (1 February 1984). They are very popular in Southern Africa, and other African countries. They are produced and managed by continental music producers Ogopa Deejays of Kenya. They have been compared to US girl group Destiny's Child.
Career.
The duo have lived together for 8 years in Windhoek city. They started their career late in the 90’s as members of the hip hop group Dungeon Family.
The grouped released one album in 2000 before it broke up. After Dungeon Family broke up, the girls reconnected with Sula in 2003 who was the manager of Dungeon Family. Sula eventually signed them to his record label, Butterfly Entertainment.
Music.
The girls released their first single ""Shake It"" in mid-2004, which created them a buzz and reintroduced them to mainstream music fans. The song also earned them comparison to Destiny's Child. Their second single '""Go Back to Her"" was also successful, it earned them a Channel O nomination. The two songs songs became street anthems during 2004 and 2005 and won separate awards at the Sanlam-NBC Music Awards.
Awards.
Best New Comer
Best R&B
Best Group
Best R&B
Best Group
Best R&B
Best female vocalist
Best New Comer (nominated)
Best Afro-pop (nominated)
Best African Group – (nominated)
Best African Southern (nominated)
Best R&B Video 
Best Female Group Southern Africa –(nominated)

</doc>
<doc id="19648280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648280" title="Malaysia–Sweden relations">
Malaysia–Sweden relations

Diplomatic relations between Sweden and Malaysia were established in 1958. Sweden has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Stockholm. As of 2009, 90 Swedish companies are present in Malaysia and about 450 Swedish citizens live in Malaysia. In 2011, 44,138 Swedish nationals visited Malaysia. As of September 2012, there are no direct flights to Stockholm from Kuala Lumpur.
Bilateral agreements.
Malaysia and Sweden have in place a bilateral agreement concerning the mutual protection of investments signed at Kuala Lumpur on 3 March 1979. There is an agreement between the Government of the Kingdom of Sweden and the Government of Malaysia for Air Services between and beyond their respective territories, signed at Kuala Lumpur on 19 October 1967. The countries also have in place a bilateral agreement for the avoidance of double taxation and prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income.
Kidnapping.
In 1975 members of the Japanese Red Army kidnapped Swedish Chargé d'Affaires Fredrik Bergenstråhle and his secretary Ulla Ödqvist in Kuala Lumpur. One of the Malaysian officials, Tan Sri Osman S. Cassim, was later awarded the insignia of Commander of the Royal Order of the Polar Star by Sweden for his actions during the rescue.
Economic ties.
Between January and July 2012, bilateral trade stood at 2 billion MYR, increased from the trade at 1.9 billion MYR between January and June 2011 In September 2012, Malaysian Ambassador to Sweden, Datuk Badruddin Ab Rahman said about 120 Swedish companies operate in Malaysia, with an investment of more than 10 million MYR, however there are no Malaysian companies operating in Sweden. The Malaysian embassy in Sweden makes programmes to attract Swedish businesses to Malaysia such as a briefing on investment opportunities in Malaysia. 
In 2006, Swedish exports to Malaysia totaled approximately 1.6 billion MYR and the imports from Malaysia approximately 0.7 billion MYR. Swedish exports to Malaysia consist of telecommunication equipment, motor vehicles, chemical products, power generating machinery and equipment, machines, paper, as well as iron ore and steel. Swedish imports from Malaysia electronics and electrical components, machinery and apparatus, textiles, palm oil and raw rubber.
Volvo operates a wholly owned subsidiary in Malaysia that manufactures trucks.
Military.
In 2000 the Swedish Navy agreed to loan four assault boats to Defense Minister Najib Tun Razak to "beef up security" in waters off Malaysia's state of Sabah.
State visits.
In 2005 the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King) Sirajuddin of Perlis of Malaysia and Raja Permaisuri Agong (Queen) Tengku Fauziah of Perlis visited Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19648288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648288" title="Marion River">
Marion River

The Marion River is a river that connects Blue Mountain Lake via Utowana Lake and Eagle Lake (the Eckford chain) to Raquette Lake in Hamilton County in the central Adirondacks. New York State has classified the Marion as a Scenic River.
The Marion River Carry is a portage around the rapids in the Marion River to Utowana Lake. The carry was shortened by a dam, that raised the level of the river and then by the Marion River Carry Railroad; at , it was the shortest standard-gauge railroad line in the United States. 
There is a detailed, animated, three-dimensional model of the carry railroad at the Adirondack Museum in Blue Mountain Lake.
History.
The Marion River played an important part in the development of the central Adirondacks. Both Blue Mountain Lake and Raquette Lake were acquired by Thomas Clark Durant, developer of the Union Pacific Railroad, as part of the building of the Adirondack Railway to North Creek in the 1870s. Durant, his son, William West Durant, and other family members built hotels and great camps on both lakes. W.W. Durant dammed the river at the Utowana end in 1879, and operated a sawmill there; this also allowed steamboats to travel most of its length. This was followed in 1900 by the Marion Carry Railroad, which operated until 1929. Efforts to save one of the steam locomotives from the railroad in 1947 led to the creation of the Adirondack Museum in Blue Mountain Lake, where the engine may still be seen. It was also unusual in connecting to steamboat routes on either end, rather than other railways. 

</doc>
<doc id="19648292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648292" title="Greatest Hits... And Then Some (The Wilkinsons album)">
Greatest Hits... And Then Some (The Wilkinsons album)

Greatest Hits… and Then Some is the first greatest hits album by Canadian country music group The Wilkinsons. The album was released on October 7, 2008 by Angeline Entertainment. It features five new tracks and eight of The Wilkinsons' greatest hits, all of which have been newly recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19648321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648321" title="Venkatarama Ramalingam Pillai">
Venkatarama Ramalingam Pillai

Venkatarama Ramalingam Pillai () shortly V. Ramalingam Pillai(October 19, 1888 - August 24, 1972) was a Tamil poet from Tamil Nadu, India and independence fighter. He is well known for his poems about independence.
The poem
யுத்தமொன்று வருகுது
நம்பும்யாரும் சேருவீர்..." was very famous among freedom fighters.
Early life.
V. Ramalingam Pillai, popularly known as Namakkal Kavignar, was born on October 19, 1888 at Mohanur, Namakkal District in Tamil Nadu. His father was working as a Head constable at Mohanur and his mother was a pious lady. He was the eighth child of his parents. Ramalingam had his school educations in Namakkal and Coimbatore. He did his BA in 1909, from Bishop Heber College at Trichy.
Initially he worked as a clerk at Namakkal Tahsildar's office and later worked as a primary school teacher.
Nationalist.
He wrote hundreds of poems with patriotic fervor. He also participated in Salt Satyagraha against British government in 1930 and went to jail for one year.
Awards.
He received the "Padmabhushan" award in 1971 from Indian Government.
India Postage Stamp.
http://www.indianpost.com/viewstamp.php/Color/Grey/NAMAKKAL%20KAVIGNAR

</doc>
<doc id="19648350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648350" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 19 competitors first raced in three heats on September 27. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. All remaining competitors competed in the repechages later that day.
Repechages.
Taking place on September 27, two repechages were held. The top three finishers in each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Raced on September 29, the top three finishers from each of the three semifinals advanced to the final.
Boccara had qualified for the final, but withdrew and was replaced by Thompson for reasons not disclosed in the official report.
Final.
The final took place on October 1. 
Korean officials told Barton he had won in a near dead heat while the scoreboard stated Davies had won. An International Canoe Federation (ICF) jury examined the finish line photo while the Australians celebrated and Barton prepared for the K-2 1000 m final. A few minutes later, ICF officials posted on the scoreboard that Barton beat Davies by 0.005 seconds. A stoic Davies later stated that "If that's the biggest disappointment in my life, I can handle it."

</doc>
<doc id="19648367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648367" title="Uman–Botoşani Offensive">
Uman–Botoşani Offensive

The Uman–Botoşani Offensive or Uman-Botoshany Offensive () was a part of the Dnieper–Carpathian Offensive, carried out by the Red Army in western Ukrainian SSR against the German Army Group South. The operation was successful, splitting the opposing Army Group in two and allowing the Soviet army to advance to the Dniester and Prut rivers in eastern Romania.
Operational scope and goals.
The offensive operation was conducted by the forces of the 2nd Ukrainian Front during World War II, from March 5 to 17 April in 1944. The purpose of the operation was to inflict a crushing defeat on the German "Uman group", split the troops of Army Group South, and capture southwestern Ukraine. After the completion of the Korsun–Shevchenkovsky Offensive, the main forces of 2nd Ukrainian Front (Marshal Konev) were opposed by the 8th Army of Army Group South (Gen.-Feldm. Manstein). At the start of the operation, Soviet troops had achieved a 1.5 to 1 numerical superiority in personnel and armor and 2.5 to 1 in artillery, while maintaining parity in aviation forces against their German adversaries.
Planning.
The Stavka concept of the operation was to destroy the 8th Army, bisect the front of the of Army Group South, and cut off withdrawal routes of the 1st Panzer Army in the southern direction, contributing to 1st Ukrainian Front's objective of its defeat.
The main offensive effort was to be delivered from the staging areas at Vinograd, Zvenigorodok, and Shpola in the direction of Uman by forces of the 27th, 52nd, 4th Guard all arms, 2nd, 5th Guard and 6th Tank armies (415 tanks and 147 SPAs), supported by the 5th Air Army. The 7th and 5th Guard armies delivered supporting attacks from the region of Kirovograd in the direction of Novoukrainka. During preparation for the operation, the military councils of the Front and armies gave considerable attention the mobilisation of personnel and unit composition for overcoming of the difficulties due to "rasputitsa", the generally poor weather conditions, and the need for conducting numerous assault river crossings that were expected to hinder operational mobility.
The offensive.
The operation began on 5 March on a 175 km sector of the front between Dnepropetrovsk and Belaya Tserkov after a powerful artillery barrage and developed successfully. In order to increase the force of impact, develop the offensive in the main direction, 2nd and 5th Guards Tank Armies were introduced into the offensive on the first day. Already on the third day of the offensive they conducted an river crossing of Gorny Tikach River without pausing, overcame the last defensive line manned by German troops on the way to the Southern Bug river, and began to pursue the retreating German forces. The 6th Tank Army advanced following the 2nd and 5th Guard Tank armies. After Uman was taken on 10 March, the advance detachments of the armies reached the river Southern Bug. Crossing the river was accomplished on a 100 km front, again, without pausing, via seized crossings, and also on pontoon bridges, boats and other improvised means. 
In order to maintain a high rate of advance during the offensive, the Soviet 6th Tank Army was introduced after the Southern Bug crossing. At this point, the tank armies continued to advance towards the Dniester. On 17 March, advance units of the right wing of the Front took bridgeheads on the right bank south of Mogilev-Podolskiy area. 
Soviet units had then entered the territory of the Moldavian SSR. As a result of the offensive, the 1st and 2nd Ukrainian Fronts, split the German Army Group South in two. The 8th German Army was cut off from the 1st Panzer Army and was assigned to Army Group A. The main effort of the 2nd Ukrainian Front was now transferred against this army group, which Soviet troops deeply enveloped from the south. An opportunity arose for the 2nd Ukrainian Front to attack in the southern direction to cut off withdrawal routes of the German army group beyond the Dniester and destroy it in cooperation with the 3rd Ukrainian Front.
The 40th Army of the 2nd Ukrainian Front, that advanced along the east bank of the Dniester, was given the task of cutting off withdrawal routes to the south to the 1st Panzer Army, by collaborating with troops of the 1st Ukrainian Front in eliminating 1st Ukrainian Front encirclement of German troops at Kamenets-Podolsk (see Proskurov-Chernovtsy Offensive operation). Deflecting an attempted German counter-attack at Khotyn, they pressed home the attack from the bridgehead to Dniester, the 27th and 52nd armies together with detachments of the 2nd and 6th tank armies advanced to the river Prut, and on 26 March reached the State border of the USSR on an 85 km front north of Ungheni. 
On the night of 28 March the Front's forces, while pursuing the retreating enemy, conducted another assault river crossing on the move of river Prut, transferring combat actions onto Romanian territory. Towards the middle of April their right wing reached the Carpathian mountains, after taking Botoshany, and with the central forces they approached Jassy from the north while the left wing advanced to the approaches to Kishinev. 
Hoping to save the southern wing of its front from complete disintegration, the German command, moved 18 divisions and 3 brigades, its last strategic reserve in the southern sector, to this part of the front. Troops of the 2nd Ukrainian Front, encountering increasing resistance, in the middle of April was forced to go on the defensive at the reached positions of Dubossary, north of Jassy, and some 60 km south of Botoshany.
Outcome.
As a result the Uman-Botoshany Offensive, the German 8th Army was destroyed, and the 1st Panzer Army was partially destroyed, while the front of Army Group South was split into Army Group South Ukraine under command of general Ferdinand Schörner, and Army Group North Ukraine commanded by field marshal Walter Model. Ten Axis divisions lost 50-75% of personnel and almost all heavy armament. In the course of offensive the forces of front advanced 200–250 km, taking significant parts of western Ukraine and Moldavia, and entered northeastern regions of Romania.
The Soviet advance was stopped with the Battle of Târgu Frumos, stabilising this region of the front until August 1944, when a renewed Soviet offensive succeeded in destroying Army Group South Ukraine and resumed the drive to the west.
The offensive was the first in which three tank armies were used simultaneously as the main breakthrough force on a narrow sector of the front. The offensive was conducted under the conditions of spring floods and "rasputitsa". Soviet units have conducted consecutive assault crossings of six rivers, without pausing at any of them: Gorniy Tikach, Southern Bug, Dniester, Reut, Prut, and Siret. They entered Uman, Vapniarka, Pervomaisk, Novoukrainka and other towns.
Analysis.
The operation was characterised by flexible control, quick response of command to changes in the situation and by the clear organisation of interaction between the armies and the aviation of front. Soviet troops showed a high degree of military skill in conduct of operations, particularly in conduct of assault crossings during execution of operational manoeuvres.

</doc>
<doc id="19648376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648376" title="Nagatoro Station">
Nagatoro Station

Lines.
Nagatoro Station is served by the Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 46.5 km from Hanyū.
Station layout.
The station is staffed and consists of one side platform and one island platform serving three tracks in total. Track 3 is a bidirectional line used by the "Paleo Express", freight services and through-running services to and from the Seibu Chichibu Line.
History.
The station opened on September 14, 1911 as . It was renamed Nagatoro from 7 July 1923.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2000, the station was used by an average of 1,051 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="19648379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648379" title="Porto Cheli Airport">
Porto Cheli Airport

Porto Cheli Airport is a private airport located near Porto Cheli, Argolis, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19648436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648436" title="Cho Hyung-Jae">
Cho Hyung-Jae

Cho Hyung-Jae (Hangul : 조형재, born January 8, 1985) is a South Korean football player who is currently playing for Pocheon Citizen F.C. in the Korean Challengers League.
He has played for Jeju United FC in the K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19648458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648458" title="2001 AFC Futsal Championship">
2001 AFC Futsal Championship

The 2001 AFC Futsal Championship was held in Tehran, Iran from 14 July to 20 July 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19648470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648470" title="Larissa National Airport">
Larissa National Airport

Larissa Airport Thessaly () was built in 1912. It was the commercial airport of Larissa until 1997 when it closed. It's claimed that it will reopen for commercial flights in 2013. Currently the airport is being used only by military aircraft. The longest runway (08/26) is temporarily closed. The runways do not have an ILS.
Location of the airport.
The airport is very close to the town (3 km. away) and it can possibly be seen from the highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19648478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648478" title="The Eighth Day (book)">
The Eighth Day (book)

The Eighth Day is the second book of Dr. Euler Renato Westphal, originally publicated in Portuguese with the title "O Oitavo Dia: Na era da seleção natural".
In the second book of Dr. Euler Westphal, professor of Systematic Theology and Ethical Issues, the Brazilian researcher analyses the scientific and technological advancement to propose a multidisciplinary dialogue about bioethics.
This book is at the basis of the curriculum of the Interdisciplinarity Seminarium of the Lutheran School of Theology in São Bento do Sul, Brazil. It's also an important book in the discussion of the Theology as a science, and its relationship with other sciences particularly Biology, and Philosophical Ethics.
He finds on the post-modern thinking and its concepts of performativity, utility, and lucrativity, and the Bauhaus model of bricolage a new scientific paradigm. The post-modern paradigm broke with the modern paradigm of rationality.
The post-modernism look at the nature as a good thing when it is useful to the humankind, because science and human power are coincident. In the post-modern religion the eschatological and messianic hope is no more in Jesus Christ, but in the efforts to find out a possibility to immortality, good wealth and eternal life through genetical improvement. The wishes of the post-modern man are to reach the perfect human being, the great wealth, without illness and death, the brave new world.
When science becomes religion and the scientists become priests the humankind starts a new age of totalitarianism of science. The reality of the Almighty God, Creator and Redeemer, is no more recognized by post-modern man, who now adopt the performativity and lucrativity as a new dogma of scientific religion. Predestination is no more a Christian dogma but a concept of biotechnology. The scientist can see, as a small-great-god, who is predestined by the genetic code to develop an illness, like a cancer. Therefore the scientist became the one who can chose life or death for a new life under formation.
88
There are many risks on see the science as a religion. Or to put the science as criteria of truth, specially this kind of science that has on post-modern thinking its epistemological base. The practice of get patents of living being its one of these kinds of risks. When an economical group has the patent of a soy bean, than the farmers cannot produce soy without pay royalties to the company that has the patent rights. So poor people at south countries will have their free access to seeds for planting not allowed, in consequence they will not have food for their countries.
The bioethics is multidisciplinary subject, it dialogues with different ethical issues like philosophical ethics, medical ethics, theological ethics and so one. Theology can give its contribution on situations like abort, euthanasia, research with living beings. The Christian faith can recover the respect with life and its mystery.
In the Eighth Day the human being has created the brave new world. The little-man-god redesigned the life beings and the human being as image and likeness of the Market-God's utilitarists interests. We need to give the appropriate place to the creation and to the human beings as creation of the Triune God. All things are maintained by the presence of His Holy Spirit. Humility of the science will guarantee that science still be science and not became a religion that promise eternal life, immortality and salvation.

</doc>
<doc id="19648479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648479" title="Vasai Road railway station">
Vasai Road railway station

Vasai Road is a railway station on the Western line and Vasai Road - Diva - Panvel route of the Central Line, of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network. Vasai is a historical suburban town north of Mumbai and it is located in Thane district. It is a much modern part of Vasai Taluka. It is a part of the new Vasai-Virar City.
Station layout.
6 of the 7 platforms at Vasai Road are laid out side by side. Platform no. 1 at Vasai Road is constructed approximately 500 meters South of Platform 2 similar to platform 8 at Borivali.
Vasai Road is an important cross over point between Western & Central railways in Mumbai as trains from Konkan region & Pune cross over to the Western Line here.
Platforms 2 - 5 handle the local trains in the up & down directions. Platform 6 & 7 handle outstation trains that have a halt at Vasai Road. Platform 1 is a dedicated platform to handle local trains that start/terminate at Vasai Road.Also platform 6 and 7holds freight train for going towards diva.

</doc>
<doc id="19648491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648491" title="Choi Hyun-Yeon">
Choi Hyun-Yeon

Choi Hyun-Yeon (Hangul: 최현연, born 16 April 1984) is a South Korean footballer, who plays as defender for Gyeongnam FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19648513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648513" title="Ugeo">
Ugeo

Ugeo (died 108 BC) was the last king of Wiman Joseon, the last remnant of Gojoseon. He was a grandson of Wi Man. 
Ugeo was killed by an assassin sent by a faction advocating surrender. Even after the death of Ugeo, Gojoseon resisted the Han forces until 108 BC but lost and the Four Commanderies of Han were then set up.

</doc>
<doc id="19648519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648519" title="Malaysia–United Kingdom relations">
Malaysia–United Kingdom relations

Malaysia–United Kingdom relations (Malay: "Hubungan Malaysia – United Kingdom") refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and the United Kingdom. The UK has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has a high commission in London, and both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Nations. The current British High Commissioner to Malaysia is Simon Featherstone, and the current Malaysian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom is Zakaria Sulong.
History.
The former British protectorates and settlements of the Malay Peninsula became independent of the United Kingdom in 1957, as the "Federation of Malaya", while North Borneo and Sarawak joined with the Federation of Malaya to form Malaysia in 1963.
State visits.
The Yang di-Pertuan Agong Sultan Abdul Halim of Kedah paid a state visit to the UK in July 1974. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong Sultan Azlan Shah of Perak paid a state visit to the United Kingdom in November 1993.
HM Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom paid state visits to Malaysia in October 1989, and in September 1998.
David Cameron, Prime Minister of the UK visited Malaysia in the first half of 2012 as part of his Asia tour.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge and his wife Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge are scheduled to visit Malaysia from 13-16 of September 2012, as part of a nine-day tour through Commonwealth countries in Southeast Asia and the Pacific to celebrate Queen Elizabeth's Diamond Jubilee.
Military links.
The United Kingdom maintains relations with Malaysia's Ministry of Defense and the Malaysian Armed Forces. This relation began during the colonial rule of Malaya and Singapore prior to Malaya's independence in 1957, including the confrontations between the ruling government and communist forces.
Both the UK and Malaysia are part of the Five Powers Defence Arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="19648544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648544" title="JSMDB">
JSMDB

JSMDB was a very small memory-based database management system. The internal data was stored as key-value mappings using java.util.TreeMap's, and the data was modified and/or retrieved using method calls instead of a query language like SQL.
The JSMDB implemented check constraints, unique key constrains, foreign keys constraints and transactions. But since it was designed to have a small run-time (about 20Kb) and to run as an embedded database engine for desktop/mobile applications, it did not implement multiples connections nor multiple transactions.
This software not available anymore, and it was designed to implement a database manager for the Personal Management System (not available too). Both software were removed from public availability to comply with some contract rules of the author's current job.

</doc>
<doc id="19648549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648549" title="2001–02 Liga Artzit">
2001–02 Liga Artzit

The 2001–02 Liga Artzit season saw Hapoel Jerusalem win the title and promotion to Liga Leumit alongside runners-up Hapoel Nazareth Illit. Hapoel Tayibe (following a points deduction) and Maccabi Yavne were relegated to Liga Alef.
Final table.
1. One point deducted.

</doc>
<doc id="19648556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648556" title="Classic Christmas (George Strait album)">
Classic Christmas (George Strait album)

Classic Christmas is an album of Christmas music recorded by country music artist George Strait. It was released by MCA Nashville on October 7, 2008. The album was previously released in 2006 under the title "Fresh Cut Christmas" and was available exclusively at Hallmark Gold Crown stores.
Track listing.
All songs in public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="19648563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648563" title="Henrik Jørgensen (footballer)">
Henrik Jørgensen (footballer)

Henrik Jørgensen is a Danish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is currently goalkeepeing coach at Vejle Boldklub.
Jørgensen spent the first few years of his career in his native Denmark, playing for sides such as Boldklubben 1909, AGF and Viborg FF. Jørgensen moved to Scottish side Dundee United at the start of the 1994-95 season, joining the Scottish Cup winners as replacement for Guido van de Kamp. In his first game, Jorgensen conceded five goals and although he featured in the following Scottish League Cup match, keeping a clean sheet, his only other first-team appearance was as a substitute. His transfer to United from Viborg was brought into question some months later when it was reported that the transfer was the centre of 'bung' allegations, with United denying the earlier sacking of manager Ivan Golac was related to the incident. Several months later, the Scottish FA announced it would ask the Danish FA for information regarding the transfer. Jorgensen moved on to South Korean side Suwon Samsung Bluewings and stayed in Asia for a spell with Thai side Raj Pracha FC.
In September 2008, Jorgensen joined Vejle Boldklub as goalkeeping coach after being "away for a few years".

</doc>
<doc id="19648565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648565" title="Cho Jin-Soo">
Cho Jin-Soo

Cho Jin-Soo (Hangul : 조진수; Hanja: 趙珍洙; born March 2, 1983) is a South Korean football player who plays for Ratchaburi in Thai Premier League.
His previous club is Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Jeju United and Ulsan Hyundai in the K-League.
On 2008 January 30, he played first A match against Chile in Seoul.

</doc>
<doc id="19648591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648591" title="Lincolnshire Co-operative">
Lincolnshire Co-operative

Lincolnshire Co-operative Ltd. is a consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom. It is a registered Industrial and Provident Society.
The Society is owned by members, over 228,000 people, and trades in Lincolnshire and surrounding counties.
As a co-operative, it shares all its profits with members. Ways of doing this include paying dividend and a dividend bonus at the end of the year, investing in new and improved services and supporting community groups and charities.
In 2013, the Society set up the Community Champions scheme which sees every member linked to a good cause near to where they live. Every time they shop with the Society, a donation goes to that good cause.
History.
Lincolnshire Co-operative was founded as Lincoln Co-operative Society in 1861, inspired by Gainsborough joiner Thomas Parker. It celebrated its 150th anniversary in 2011.
Services.
The Society operates convenience stores, filling stations, pharmacies, funeral directors, florists and a memorial masons,travel agents, coffee shops and post offices.
It also runs Gadsby's Bakery, Lincoln Shop Equipment and Maltby's pharmacy wholesalers.
Subsidiaries.
The following trading companies are wholly owned subsidiary undertakings of the parent society:

</doc>
<doc id="19648605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648605" title="Ohanabatake Station">
Ohanabatake Station

Lines.
Ohanabatake Station is served by the Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 59.7 km from Hanyū. It is served by through services to and from the Seibu Chichibu Line, and is also located a short walk from the terminus of the Seibu Chichibu Line, Seibu-Chichibu Station.
Station layout.
The station is staffed and consists of two side platforms serving two tracks. Platform 1 acts as a bidirectional platform for Chichibu Main Line services in both directions, while platform 2 is used by Seibu Chichibu Line through-running services to and from .
History.
Ohanabatake Station opened on 27 September 1917. From 1 April 2009, "Shibazakura" was added in parentheses to the station name, indicating the station's closeness to the nearby Hitsujiyama Park, which is a popular sightseeing destination in early summer when the moss phlox ("shibazakura") blooms.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2000, the station was used by an average of 3,703 passengers daily.

</doc>
<doc id="19648609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648609" title="Son of the 100 Best Movies You've Never Seen">
Son of the 100 Best Movies You've Never Seen

Titles in the book range from the obscure, like 1912’s "The Cameraman’s Revenge", to "El Topo"’s unusual existential remake of the classic western and little-seen classics like "The Killing". Each essay features a detailed description of plot, notable trivia tidbits, critical reviews, and interviews with actors and filmmakers. Featured interviews include Billy Bob Thornton on an inspirational movie about a man with his head in the clouds, Francis Ford Coppola on "One from the Heart" and Mario Van Peebles on playing his own father in "Badasssss!" Sidebars feature quirky details, including legal disclaimers and memorable quotes, along with movie picks from a-list actors and directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19648636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648636" title="Han Dong-Jin">
Han Dong-Jin

Han Dong-Jin (born August 25, 1979) is a South Korean footballer. He currently plays for Jeju United.
His previous clubs are Bucheon SK and Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo (Army).

</doc>
<doc id="19648649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648649" title="Daon, Inc.">
Daon, Inc.

Daon (pronounced day-on) is an international biometrics and identity assurance software company founded in 1999 by Irish entrepreneur Dermot Desmond. The name, Daon, was chosen because it stems from the Celtic word for human being, duine daonna.
Daon's main business is in developing software that creates identity assurance systems of biometric data such as finger prints, retina scans, and vein patterns to ensure a person’s identity. Its product names include DaonEngine, DaonEnroll, DaonAnalytics, and Credential Connect.
Its biometric products integrate with IT platforms and applications and manages identity life-cycles. Daon serves multiple markets including Border Management, Civil ID, Traveler ID, Employee Credentialing, and Access Control. The software is used worldwide at airports and international borders and supports U.S. Registered Traveler airports.
Daon is headquartered just miles outside of Washington, DC in the Dulles Technology Corridor. The Reston, Virginia office houses a state-of-the-art high technology identity and credential management demo center. Daon also has major operations in Dublin, located in the International Financial Services Center (IFSC). Daon also has offices located in New York, Canberra, London, and Singapore.
Daon is a member of the Federation for Identity and Cross-Credentialing Systems, Inc. (FIXs) and has an executive serving as the elected chair of the BioAPI Consortium and as head of the U.S. delegation to ISO/IEC JTC1 SC37 (subcommittee on biometrics). Daon is also a member of the Biometrics Consortium. 
In 2006, Daon and the American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE) entered into a joint venture to create the Security Biometric Clearing Network (SBCN) to provide services for biometric identity management, including enrollment, background checking, secure biometric and biographic information storage and card issuance.
In 2008, Daon received the Frost & Sullivan Best Practices Award for Biometric Product Strategy Leadership.
In August 2008 Daon acquired software assets and associated personnel for physical security interconnectivity from Enterprise Air, a New York-based provider of solutions for the physical security market.

</doc>
<doc id="19648663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648663" title="Aiken House">
Aiken House

Aiken House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19648677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648677" title="David A. Hodell">
David A. Hodell

David A. Hodell (born 1958) is a geologist and paleoclimatologist. He currently holds the position of Woodwardian Professor of Geology in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Cambridge, where he is also a fellow of Clare College. Previously, he taught at the University of Florida from 1986–2008, earning the rank of full professor in geological sciences. Hodell was also the director of the Stable Isotope Laboratory from 1996–2008. Hodell earned his Ph.D. in 1986 in oceanography from the University of Rhode Island after earning his bachelor of arts in 1980 in geology from the University of Vermont. 
Research by Hodell, Brenner, Curtis and Guilderson was instrumental in rethinking the Maya Collapse. Climate data derived from core samples retrieved from closed lake systems in the Mexico's Yucátan and Guatemala showed a period of extensive drought. In 1995, Hodell, Curtis and Brenner published a paleoclimate record from Lake Chichancanab on the Yucatán Peninsula that showed an intense, protracted drought occurred in the 9th century AD and coincided with the Classic Maya collapse. Hodell, Curtis and Brenner returned to Lake Chichancanab in May 2000 and collected new cores while being filmed for a BBC production on drought and Maya prehistory, as part of the BBC series "Ancient Apocalypse". These new cores showed that the devastating drought of the ninth century AD was only one in a series of drought episodes on the Yucatán Peninsula during the last 2,600 years. This research team points out that these dry events occur about every 208 years and coincide with episodes of greater solar intensity that have been shown previously to have a periodicity of 206 years. This suggests that the roughly bicentennial droughts that occur in the Maya lowlands are controlled partly by changes in solar intensity.
In 2007, Hodell was elected a fellow of the American Geophysical Union. Hodell's research areas include: lake sediment cores; speleothems; marine sediment cores; and geoarchaeology.
In October 2008, Hodell was approinted to the position of Woodwardian Professor of Geology at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="19648678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648678" title="Multiple-Use Sustained-Yield Act of 1960">
Multiple-Use Sustained-Yield Act of 1960

The Multiple Use - Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (or MUSYA) (Public Law 86-517) is a federal law passed by the United States Congress on June 12, 1960. This law authorizes and directs the Secretary of Agriculture to develop and administer the renewable resources of timber, range, water, recreation and wildlife on the national forests for multiple use and sustained yield of the products and services.
This is the first law to have the five major uses of national forests contained in one law equally, with no use greater than any other.
By the 1950s, the national forests no longer held enough resources to meet the growing needs of an increasing population and expanding economy. The U.S. Forest Service had operated within broad authorities since Gifford Pinchot's time as Chief Forester. Now, for the first time the agency had a specific congressional directive which stipulated that economic return was not in all cases to be the limiting factor.
MUSYA defines the terms "multiple use" and "sustained yield" as follows:
In 1996, this law was amended by P.L. 104-333.

</doc>
<doc id="19648681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648681" title="Wessex Male Choir">
Wessex Male Choir

Wessex Male Choir is an award-winning
male voice choir based in Swindon, Wiltshire, England.
The choir was formed in September 2001 by Robert Elliott, its musical director. The choir takes its name from the ancient kingdom of Wessex. This is reflected in the choir logo which features
the wyvern or dragon used in the flag of Wessex.
Wessex Male Choir has performed in Wales and Spain, in addition to regular appearances in England.
The choir has supported numerous charities; members entered the 2007 London Marathon to raise funds for the Parkinsons Disease Society, singing their way along the route.
Wessex Male Choir has a strong record in choral competitions. They were awarded first place in the Male Choir competition at the 2011 Llangollen International Eisteddfod. They also won the Gold Cup for the outstanding choir at the 2008 Cheltenham Festival of Performing Arts, and won the male choir category at the International Choir Festival of Jersey 2008. They won best Male Choir and best Ensemble at the Mid Somerset Music Festival at Bath in 2010. 
The choir has released three CD recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19648686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648686" title="Jan Khan">
Jan Khan

 
 
 
Jan Khan (born 25 April 1958 in Rotorua, New Zealand) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a bronze medal in the women's fours event. At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she again won a bronze in the women's pairs event with her sister Marina Khan. They are daughters of lawn bowler Millie Khan.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19648688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648688" title="Filipinos in Indonesia">
Filipinos in Indonesia

Filipinos in Indonesia were estimated to number 4,800 individuals as of 2001, according to the statistics of the Philippine government. Most are based in Jakarta, though there is also a community in Surabaya. This represented growth of nearly five times over the government's 1998 estimate of 1,046 individuals.
Employment.
Unlike many other overseas Filipino communities, Filipinos in Indonesia consist largely of skilled professionals, especially in the advertising industries and as teachers in international schools where their English skills are most needed. 20% also work in finance, especially as accountants.
Inter-ethnic relations.
Filipinos in Indonesia generally maintain good interethnic relations with their Indonesian neighbours, with whom they feel culturally closer than Europeans or Americans; Indonesians stereotype Filipinos as being gregarious and cheerful. However, there are fears that Filipinos in Indonesia may become the targets of kidnappings by local militant groups such as Jemaah Islamiyah in an attempt to secure the release of JI members imprisoned in Philippine jails.
Community.
Filipinos in Indonesia have formed eight different community associations, including three sports teams, one teachers' association, and two Christian groups. The annual Philippine Independence Day celebrations attract numerous participants, unlike many other functions held by other foreign embassies.

</doc>
<doc id="19648694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648694" title="GT by Citroën">
GT by Citroën

The GT by Citroën (sometimes spelled GTbyCitroën) is a sports car that debuted as a concept car on October 2 at the 2008 Paris Motor Show. The car is a collaboration between the French automaker Citroën and the Japanese racing simulation developer Polyphony Digital. Six cars are expected to be built. The expected MSRP is $2,100,000.
Design.
Joint venture.
The GT by Citroën concept car was specially created, designed and produced for the video game "Gran Turismo 5" and was included through download in its latest version "Gran Turismo 5 Prologue". Its designer came up with the project and sold it to both Polyphony Digital and Citroën.
Citroën.
The car's exterior design was made by Takumi Yamamoto, a Japanese designer from Jean-Pierre Ploué's "Style Citroën" design team. Takumi Yamamoto was a childhood friend of Kazunori Yamauchi, director of Polyphony Digital and creator of the popular "Gran Turismo" franchise, also known as "Gegge". According to a Yamauchi interview at the Paris Motor Show 2008, he and Yamamoto started collaborating on this project back in 2003. A press release published on the North American Gran Turismo official website describes the Citroën and Polyphony Digital collaboration as a « "a joint effort first talked about at the Geneva Motor Show past March" ». Yamamoto convinced Jean-Pierre Ploué to submit his concept to Citroën's head office in Paris who agreed to start the production process and manufacture the real car. The concept car's rear was carefully designed to fit what the gamers will actually see in the game since it is the more powerful featured vehicle, argues Yamamoto.
Polyphony Digital.
As a world leading racing simulation developer shipping more than 50 million copies since 1998 Polyphony Digital had collaborated with real life Japanese performance parts makers and tuners, mainly related to Nissan, since January 2002. Notable collaborations include aero parts development for the Nismo Fairlady Z s-tune (2002), Nismo Skyline Coupé (2004), Amuse S2000 Street Version (2003), Nismo Fairlady Z (2005), Opera Performance's Carmate Opera Z (2005) Tokyo Auto Salon show car. Polyphony Digital also did exterior design for the Amuse S2000 GT1 (2005) and artwork design for the Formula Nippon racing team Impul racer (2006).
Most of these cars had their virtual counterpart featured in the "Gran Turismo" games as "Concept by Gran Turismo". Some of the parts designed by Polyphony Digital such as the Carmate Opera Z's full aero kit including front bumper, sideskirt, rear bumper and rear spoiler, were eventually manufactured and sold by Japanese tuner Opera Performance as the "350Z RS" aero kit. Latest collaborations include interior design of the Nissan GT-R with the creation of the Multifunction Meter device (2007) and aero parts design for the Amuse GT1 Turbo (2008). The GT by Citroën project with its complete production process is a step further in design for Polyphony Digital.
Technical specifications.
Three versions of the car are available in game: Road version (, Race version ( and Concept version (. The car in the game features a battery powering four electric motors delivering , however, the real car uses a modified version of the Ford Modular V8 petrol engine, producing . The car's weight is .
Production.
In June 2009, Citroën confirmed plans to produce an extremely limited number of GTs for sale to the public. Only 6 will be built, each costing $2.1 million. In July 2010, rumours that production was suspended began to surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19648695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648695" title="Filipino Indonesian">
Filipino Indonesian

Filipino Indonesian or Indonesian Filipino may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19648696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648696" title="Isseka, Western Australia">
Isseka, Western Australia

Isseka is a small town in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
Located on the North West Coastal Highway the town is also close to the Bowes River.
The town is situated on a railway siding that was also named Isseka. The local progress association requested blocks to be released in the area in 1912. The townsite was gazetted in 1913.
The town was where the Premier of Western Australia David Brand spent part of his schooling 

</doc>
<doc id="19648709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648709" title="Cho Jun-Ho (footballer)">
Cho Jun-Ho (footballer)

Cho Jun-Ho (; born 28 April 1973) is a former South Korean football player and coach.
Club career.
Cho made his professional debut in 1999, turning out for the Pohang Steelers. He then transferred to Bucheon SK in 2004. Bucheon SK subsequently relocated to Jeju Island, rebranding itself as Jeju United. Cho played 99 games for the side. For 2009, Cho moved to Daegu FC, where he spent 2 seasons and played just 14 games. He retired at the end of the 2010 season, without having played a match during the season. He quit play but remained as goalkeeping coach until the 2011 season.
International career.
In January, 2006, he was selected as a squad member for the South Korea national team, but has not played at international level. He was a substitute in an exhibition game against Los Angeles Galaxy.

</doc>
<doc id="19648729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648729" title="Taarak Mehta">
Taarak Mehta

Taarak Mehta (born 1930) is an Indian columnist, humorist, writer and playwright. Best known for the column "Duniya Na Undha Chasma" in Gujarati Language. He has translated and adapted several comedies into Gujarati, and has been well-known figure in the Gujarati theatre.
The humorous weekly column first appeared in Chitralekha in March 1971 and ever since has been looking at contemporary issues from a different perspective. He has published 80 books, over the years, three books are based on the columns he wrote in Gujarati newspaper, "Divya Bhaskar" while rest were compiled from the stories in "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah".
In 2008 SAB TV, a popular entertainment channel in India, started a show "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah" that is based on his column., and soon it became the flagship show of the channel.
Personal life.
He lives in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, where he moved in year 2000, with second wife, Indu of over 30 years, His first wife, Ila who later married Manohar Doshi, (died 2006), also stayed in the same apartment building. He has daughter from his first marriage, Ishani, who stays in US, and has two children, Kushaan and Shailee.

</doc>
<doc id="19648746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648746" title="Gallikos (river)">
Gallikos (river)

Galikos () is a river in Central Macedonia, Greece. It was known as Echedoros (Εχέδωρος) in antiquity and Gomaropnichtis (Γομαροπνίχτης) in Middle Ages. 
It rises in the Krousia Mountain and flows into the Aegean Sea in the Thermaic Gulf, near Sindos. The length of Gallikos is 65 km.

</doc>
<doc id="19648751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648751" title="Shimon Abuhatzira">
Shimon Abuhatzira

Shimon Abuhatzira (born 10 October 1986) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Haifa, as a striker.
Career.
He started to play football as a kid when he was part of Beitar Nes Tubruk. In 2003 he moved to Hapoel Petah Tikva, and became a member of the senior side when he was 19 years old. In 3 years with the senior team he made 125 caps, 28 goals and 5 assists.
On 21 May 2009, it was said that Abuhatzira agreed to sign a 2-year contract with Greek club Larissa without of Hapoel Petah Tikva permission. On June 22, 2009 Larissa's official website named him as a newcomer on an article about the club's first training for the 2009–10 season. The official announcement about his transfer was made on July 1, 2009. he was released from the club after scoring 3 goals in 19 caps.
In January 2011, Abuhatzira returned to Israel and signed in Ironi Kiryat Shmona, after half a good season, he scored 7 goals and reached with the team to the Israeli State Cup semi final in the end of the season abuhatzira signed for three more years in the team.
In December 2011 Abuhatzira extended his contract in Ironi Kiryat Shmona for more four years, at the end of the season his team won the first championship in its history, and he finished as top scorer of the team with 13 goals and 6 assists in addition he help his team to win the Toto Cup 4–3 on penalties after a 1–1 draw against Hapoel Tel Aviv.
In his third season with kiryat shmona abuhatzira scored 15 league goals including 4 goals against Hapoel Tel Aviv at the Bloomfield Stadium and 24 goals in all competitions he played with kiryat shmona in the Europa League and scored 3 goals including a brace against Lyon In addition he reach with his team to the Israeli State Cup final, and scored the advantage goal against Hapoel Ramat Gan, but eventually his team lost 4–2 on penalties after a 1–1 draw.
On 24 June 2013 he signed with Israeli giants Maccabi Haifa.
Style of play.
Abuhatzira is a striker who can play as a centre forward and second striker. agile, quick and powerful, Abuhatzira is credited with pace, strength, and technical ability.
International.
On October 16, 2012 Abuhatzira made is debut on the national team, when he came on as a substitute in the game against Luxembourg in 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
On June 2, 2013 he scored his debut goal, in a friendly match against Honduras.
Personal life.
On 18 May 2009, Abuhatzira married his girlfriend Reut in a Jewish ceremony at Tel Ya, a wedding hall in the Tel Yitzhak.

</doc>
<doc id="19648758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648758" title="Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres

The men's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1988 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
22 crews were entered into the event on September 26. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages. One team was disqualified during the heats.
Sweden's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Repechages.
The 12 crews first raced in two repechages on September 26. The top three finishers from each of the repechages advanced directly to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the semifinals (raced on September 28) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on September 30. 

</doc>
<doc id="19648783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648783" title="Cannon Building">
Cannon Building

Cannon Building can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19648792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648792" title="FT Alphaville">
FT Alphaville

FT Alphaville is a daily news and commentary service for financial market professionals created by the "Financial Times" in October 2006. The founding editor was Paul Murphy. 
The service includes an email-based morning financial brief, a blog, and two message boards, one called "Markets Live" and another, added two years after its founding, called "The Long Room ". Commenting on the blog or participating on either of the message boards require registration; the Long Room is limited to current and retired financial professionals.
FT Alphaville won an Harold Wincott Award for 2007, in the category of online journalism. It subsequently won Best Business Blog in both the Judge's Panel and the People's Voice categories, at the 2008 Webby Awards.
Nomenclature.
The service is called "Alphaville", in reference to "the City term 'Alpha', meaning 'absolute returns' … above and beyond the industry benchmark." "The Long Room" is named after a dining room of a City of London bar/restaurant on Throgmorton Street that used to be frequented by stockbrokers, bankers and insurance brokers when the London Stock Exchange was located on Threadneedle Street.

</doc>
<doc id="19648794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648794" title="Haine (disambiguation)">
Haine (disambiguation)

Haine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19648800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648800" title="Kim Sung-Min (footballer born 1981)">
Kim Sung-Min (footballer born 1981)

Kim Seong-Min (Hangul: 김성민, born 6 February 1981) is a South Korean footballer who plays for Jeju United FC in the K-League.
His previous club is Gwangju Sangmu FC and Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i.

</doc>
<doc id="19648801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648801" title="Marina Khan (bowls)">
Marina Khan (bowls)

 
Marina Khan (born December 13, 1965 in Te Puke, New Zealand) is a lawn bowls competitor for New Zealand. 
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games she won a bronze medal in the women's pairs event with her sister Jan Khan. They are daughters of lawn bowler Millie Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="19648829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648829" title="Misantrof ANTIRecords">
Misantrof ANTIRecords

Misantrof ANTIRecords is a non-profit label founded by Daniel Vrangsinn of Carpathian Forest in January 2007. Originally it was started as a web site to host Hatepulse music, but during the summer of 2007 Eirik Skrangle and A Waste of Talent was added to the roster. Misantrof also started building an archive which contains metal albums and demos which are considered important. Many of the demos and albums were collected by Dirge Rep (Orcustus, Gehenna)
From mid-2007 Vrangsinn was joined by Harry Stapleton. And so Misantrof was born. The philosophy behind Misantrof ANTIRecords is that all their artists' music is available for free download. Fans are encouraged to share the music among their friends. In the future Misantrof will release some of these albums in vinyl format with thought being put into artwork and other nice extras in order to make the album special. The long term intent of misantrof is a place where all art forms come together, and create a massive display, each piece enhancing the other. A place where creative people are free to express themselves is any art form free from any notion of commercialisation.
Misantrof is currently run by a board consisting of musicians and music fans. Other musicians which have joined Vrangsinn on the board are Pål Robert Sæther(chairman), Øystein Ariansen(artist relations).
Misantrof is unusual in that all artists keep the rights to their music. Misantrof is intended as a way to show the music industry how a label should operate and to show that artists can receive a much fairer percentage of the profits. Misantrof releases music without any commercial consideration and in its artists looks for quality music but more importantly originality.

</doc>
<doc id="19648834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648834" title="Cannon Building (Troy, New York)">
Cannon Building (Troy, New York)

The Cannon Building in Troy, New York is located on Broadway between First and State streets. It is the oldest building on Monument Square. It was designed by Alexander Jackson Davis and built in 1835. In 1970 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also a contributing property to the Central Troy Historic District, listed on the Register in 1986.
Davis, who collaborated with Ithiel Town on the building, used the then-popular Greek Revival style to produce one of the rare surviving large-scale commercial buildings in that style. After two fires in the years after the Civil War, a mansard roof, usually associated with that era's Second Empire style, was added to the top of the building to create an unusual combination. It continues to be used as a retail-office building, although a developer is redoing the upper floors as an extended-stay hotel.
Building and history.
The Cannon Building is five stories high, 22 bays wide by five deep. It is made of load-bearing brick augmented by wooden floor joists inside. The upper story is a mansard roof with bracketed cornice and pedimented dormers.
Originally, it was four stories in height. The mansard roof was added in 1870 during reconstruction in the wake of two fires. The easternmost storefronts are original. In the later 19th century, the building was home to Frear's Troy Bazaar, at the time one of the city's premier retailers. A piano manufacturer and jewelry store were among the later tenants.
In the early 2000s film producer and developer Sandy Horowitz was looking for properties to buy to offset, for tax purposes, the sale of others he had owned in New York City. A broker led him upstate to Troy, where he bought Cannon and several other Monument Square properties. Which he now owes Troy $323,000 in back taxes. He redeveloped the upper three floors into 30 units named Cannon Place for an extended-stay hotel, seeing visiting faculty at nearby Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and Russell Sage College who wanted to live within walking distance of those institutions as a target market. He also added amenities such as a spa and Internet cafe to the ground floor.
In September 2009, the ground floor restaurant was closed for back taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="19648835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648835" title="Necessary Heartbreak">
Necessary Heartbreak

Necessary Heartbreak, the first book in the "When Time Forgets" series, is a Fall 2008 book from author M.J. Sullivan and editor Jenn Kujawski. Screenwriter Sam Hamm encouraged the publication of this work in the series.
Plot summary.
Michael Stewart is a single dad in modern-day New York struggling to raise his feisty 13 year-old daughter, Elizabeth. Feeling beaten down by life, he shuts out new relationships but fate, or perhaps something more divine, has other plans. When they stumble upon a root-cellar door in a church basement, they discover a portal leading back to first-century Jerusalem during the tumultuous last week of Christ’s life. There they encounter Leah, a grieving widow, and a menacing soldier, determined to take Elizabeth as his own. 
Trapped in the past - both literally and figuratively - Michael comes face to face with some of his most limiting beliefs, and realizes he must open himself up to the possibility of a deeper faith in God, people, himself, and love if he is to find his way home.
Setting.
The main backdrop for the story is first-century Jerusalem during the final week of Jesus’ life. Centered on an Israeli home, the actions of the main characters spotlight many historical and theological components of this ancient era.
The primary domicile is a two-story edifice encircled by a courtyard that is loosely based on archaeological findings. The first floor contains a primitive yet functional kitchen, an enclosed pen for small livestock, and access to the posterior of the home where a rudimentary sewage system was located. Other features of the building include a second floor where the characters eat their meals and sleep. The roof of the house is also a prominent feature used to view the wooded hills to the east of ancient Jerusalem.
Many scenes in the book are formulated around historically significant moments in Jesus’ final days before the crucifixion. The palm procession widely known from the four gospels is recreated to suggest a pacifistic response to Pontius Pilate’s reentry from his home base in Caesarea Maritima to police Jerusalem during the Jewish Passover.

</doc>
<doc id="19648859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648859" title="Karaste Canal">
Karaste Canal

The Karaste Canal is an irrigation canal in Tagab District of Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.
The canal draws water from the Tagab River.
The canal was initially constructed in the 1970s, but had functioned for only a single season.
Reconstruction of the canal began in 2005, with USAID assistance, and was completed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19648861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648861" title="Cannon Building (Fountain Inn, South Carolina)">
Cannon Building (Fountain Inn, South Carolina)

Cannon Building in Fountain Inn, South Carolina is a building built in 1880. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19648871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648871" title="Heertje">
Heertje

Heertje is a surname that can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19648875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648875" title="Shin Jung-Hwan (footballer)">
Shin Jung-Hwan (footballer)

Shin Jung-Hwan (Hangul : 신정환, born 18 August 1986) is a South Korean football player who plays for Yongin City in the Second Division, Korea National League.
Shin was previously on the books for Jeju United FC and Chunnam Dragons in the K-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19648888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648888" title="Jason Mercier">
Jason Mercier

Jason Mercier (born November 12, 1986) is an American professional poker player from Hollywood, Florida. He has won two World Series of Poker bracelets and one European Poker Tour title. Mercier is a member of Team PokerStars Pro and was named the Bluff Magazine Player of the Year for 2009.
Mercier has been ranked number one in the world by ESPN and the Global Poker Index.
European Poker Tour.
In 2008 Mercier made two final tables at the European Poker Tour (EPT). His first was at the EPT San Remo in season 4 where he won the event earning €869,000 ($1,372,893) with a final table that included online professional poker players, and Team PokerStars Pro's Dario Minieri (3rd) and William Thorson (6th). The following season he made his second EPT final table coming in 6th in the 2008 EPT Barcelona event in season 5, earning €227,800 ($324,946). Sebastian Ruthenberg. won the tournament.
In October 2008, he won the EPT London £20,000 High Roller Event. Better known as the "2008 £1 Million Showdown", this non-title event earned Mercier an additional £516,000 ($944,847). The final table included runner-up John Juanda who had recently won the 2008 World Series of Poker Europe Main Event. Other notable contestants at the final table were online pros Mike "SirWatts" Watson and Isaac Haxton as well as professionals Scotty Nguyen, David Benyamine and Isabelle Mercier.
World Series of Poker.
Mercier has won two gold bracelets, made nine final tables, and cashed thirty-one times at the WSOP. 
At the 2009 WSOP, he won the 1,500 Pot Limit Omaha Event for $237,415. 
At the 2011 WSOP, Mercier won his second World Series of Poker bracelet in the $5,000 Pot Limit Omaha Six-Handed event, earning $619,575. 
Mercier has made the final table twice at the World Series of Poker Europe Main Event. In 2009, he finished 4th for £267,267 and in 2012, he finished 8th for €84,672.
North American Poker Tour.
Mercier won the 2010 NAPT Mohegan Sun $25,000 Bounty Shootout tournament earning a total of $475,000. He beat a final table which included Sam Stein, who finished runner-up in the NAPT Venetian Main Event, and Faraz Jaka, who finished 5th at the NAPT Venetian Bounty Shootout event. In 2011, he repeated as the NAPT Mohegan Sun Bounty Shootout champion, not only winning the event, but also collecting the most bounties for a total of $246,600.
Through the first half of 2012, Mercier's total live tournament winnings exceed $7,800,000. His 28 cashes at the WSOP account for over $1,850,000 of those winnings.
World Championship of Online Poker.
On September 21, 2010, Mercier won his first WCOOP bracelet in Event 42, besting a field of 3122 runners.

</doc>
<doc id="19648896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648896" title="Zikney Tzfat">
Zikney Tzfat

Zikney Tzfat (or “Elders Of Zefat” in Hebrew) were a grunge / punk band formed in Tel Aviv, Israel around 1990 by Maor Cohen, Yoni Bentovim, Oren Lutenberg and Adiel Portugaly who was later replaced by Rea Mochiach. They were known for their wild and chaotic concerts and their extreme lyrics which were full with absurdist and childish humour. 
Description.
In the period of their first album (simply titled "Zikney Tzfat") their music was very noisy and influenced by American grunge bands like Killdozer and Butthole Surfers. Around 1994 the band members changed and the band released another album ("Zikney Tzfat 2"), which was more soft and melodic and was more successful commercially (it sold gold) but musically was less appreciated by critics and band fans. In 1995 they released two more albums ("Ten Li Shlager" and "Ten Li Shlager 2" which were more "Low Fi" in their nature and were musically more reminiscent of the first album. The band split in 1996. 
Recent activities.
Cohen continues to make music as a solo artist, Lutenberg is playing guitar with some of the leading musicians in Israel (Berry Sakharof amongst them), Mochiach was playing with Gogol Bordello and David Byrne amongst others and continues to make music and Bentovim is a film maker based in London. Other musicians who played in the band in various periods are: Tom Mochiach and Yuval Kiner and Aviv Papo.
Discography.
LPs all released by NMC:

</doc>
<doc id="19648901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648901" title="Bastian Clevé">
Bastian Clevé

Bastian Clevé, born 1 January 1950 in Munich, is a German filmmaker and producer. He is Professor and Head of the Film Production-Department at the Film Academy Baden-Wuerttemberg in Ludwigsburg, Germany.
Biography.
Clevé grew up in Hamburg. After a two-year stint as sound-assistant at the TV-studios in Munich he studied "Visual Communication" in Hamburg at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg (University of Fine Arts of Hamburg) where he continued filmmaking and started winning awards. In 1975/76 he was awarded a one-year scholarship by the German Academic Exchange Service "DAAD" to study at the San Francisco Art Institute. He was touring with his experimental short films throughout the continent. After a brief return to Germany he relocated to Los Angeles in 1979 where he worked as a freelance writer, director and producer.
In 1991 he returned to Germany to become Professor and Head of the Department for “Film Production and the Business of Entertainment” at the newly established Film Academy Baden-Wuerttemberg, in charge of the training program and the curriculum for motion-picture- and TV-producers. Clevé wrote and edited more than two dozens books on filmmaking and film production. He is married with a daughter.
Work.
Clevé started personal filmmaking in 1969 with short-films progressing into feature-lengths works. He sustained his efforts by winning awards and by touring and lecturing extensively throughout the world. Upon moving to Los Angeles he focused on the commercial side of filmmaking by picking up the craft of producing. He continued both his artistic and commercial filmmaking later on throughout his professorship in Germany.
His first DVD entitled "Journeys" contains "Schau ins Land", "Nachtwache", "Lichtblick", "Die Reise", "Empor", "Nach Bluff" and "Fatehpur Sikri".
Filmography.
The focus of Clevé‘s artistic filmmaking lies in the manipulation of real-live imagery using sophisticated in-camera-editing and optical printing.
Commercial filmmaking.
Clevé‘s commercial filmmaking as a writer/director/producer has been for TV and as producer/production-manager/line-producer for German and American third party projects ("Bagdad Café"') or other contracted work. He has worked and produced throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19648906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648906" title="Mary Hampton">
Mary Hampton

Mary Hampton is a folk singer, songwriter and guitarist from Brighton, England.
Hampton has released two self-produced CD-Rs, "Book One" (2006) and "Book Two" (2007), containing a mix of original and traditional songs. In 2008 she released "My Mother's Children", her first commercially available album, on Navigator Records. The album has been described as "a sparse collection of her own songs, which recline with shimmering sensuality in various shady cloaks of weirdness" and as "songs of unnerving delicacy, elemental and acoustic simplicity...potent and enchanting".
In addition, Hampton contributed vocals to "Rough Music", a 2005 album by Eliza Carthy, and sang on "Blow It Up, Burn It Down, Kick It 'Til It Bleeds", a 2006 album by Stereolab side project Imitation Electric Piano.
Hampton appeared at the 2008 Green Man Festival to critical acclaim, her set being described as "genuinely memorable".
In June 2009 she toured the UK alongside acclaimed American singer Diane Cluck
In June 2011 she toured the UK with her band "Mary Hampton Cotillion" (made up of musicians Seth Bennett, Jo Burke, Alice Eldridge and Alistair Strachan). Dates included a show at Blaise Castle in Bristol and an inaugural performance in the new rooftop garden at Queen Elizabeth Hall on London's South Bank.
In July 2011, Rough Trade put out a limited edition 7" of the songs "Honey in the Rock" and "Hoax and Benison" from her album "Folly".

</doc>
<doc id="19648909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648909" title="Industrial Minerals (magazine)">
Industrial Minerals (magazine)

The Industrial Minerals (IM) publication is a specialist online service (supported by a monthly print magazine) covering all aspects of the non-metallic minerals industry. This is represented by its tagline: "from mine to market".
History.
1960s.
IM was formed in 1967 as a spin-off from its parent publication, Metal Bulletin PLC (MB), which had previously covered the industrial applications of mineral sands.
Trevor Tarring MBE, the then metal editor of MB, explained:
“Industrial Minerals was actually conceived in 1962. In those days Metal Bulletin was very active, covering the ups and downs of mineral sands prices as part of its ores coverage. I remember my late father being very pleased that the Board had agreed to launch a new title to fan out from this base to cover all the non-metallic minerals. Unfortunately, not long after, he entered a terminal illness, so I was doubly busy and the IM project went on the back burner. It was revived in 1966 for a 1967 launch. The leading question was who would edit it. Luckily my then-right hand man was Peter Rowbotham who jumped at the chance. The blueprint we gave him still had quite a strong focus on prices, in the Metal Bulletin mould. But Peter said ‘Facts, Trevor. That’s what they want, facts’. This has certainly proved a good recipe down the years. It was also the basis for IM showing the Metal Bulletin group the way into the conference business.” 
The first editor of IM, Peter Rowbotham described IM as "...the onlooker that sees most of the game.." which has been core to the magazine's operation ever since.
1970s.
Dick Fleming became the second editor of IM in 1970 and directed the magazine through the majority of the decade.
Perhaps the most significant event in the 1970s was launching Metal Bulletin’s first conference in 1974, the 1st Industrial Minerals International Congress, in London. Industrial Minerals and Metal Bulletin have since gone on to launch a vast range of conferences.
Brian Coope took the editorial reigns at IM for the latter part of the decade and into the 1980s.
1980s.
Brian Coope was at IM for three years in the 1980s before Gerry Clarke moved from his post as Lecturer in Applied Mineralogy at the University of Plymouth to join the IM set-up in 1978. He subsequently become the editor in 1983.
Joyce Griffiths became the fifth editor of IM in 1988, and was responsible for hiring the next editor, Mike O'Driscoll, as part of the editorial team.
1990s.
Joyce Griffiths left in 1995 and Mike O'Driscoll began his post as the sixth editor of IM.
In 1995, IM launched Mineral PriceWatch (MPW) which became firmly established as a unique source of industrial mineral pricing information and data. In the same year, IM launched another monthly newsletter, North American Minerals News which ceased in 2002.
2000s.
In October 2007, IM celebrated 40 years serving the non-metallic minerals industry. This was highlighted by the issue's flagship article, "Industrial Minerals: a generation of change" by IM's former North America Editor, Peter Harben. The cover, "The changing face of IM", depicted the four major redesigns at the magazine.
In 2007 the Metal Bulletin Group (including IM) was bought by Euromoney Institutional Investor for $408m .
In 2009, 10 market trackers were launched, creating individual website portals for the 'leading minerals' in the industry.
2010s.
In February 2012, the focus of IM changed and became centred around the online services with breaking news added to the website and social networks (Industrial Minerals Network on LinkedIn and @Indmin on Twitter).
In June 2012, IM became a portfolio with 3 distinguishable arms: Insight (the original editorial content with the website becoming the primary focus), Data (a historical pricing database tool) and Research (special one-off reports, consultancy and roundtables). The inaugural Oilfield Minerals Outlook roundtable took place that month in Houston, Texas and featured presentations from the Energy Information Administration, AMCOL and Unimin. 
To coincide with the roundtable, a new market tracker was launched for Frac Sand following market demand.
IM Editors.
The new arms of Industrial Minerals are looked after by the following:
Magazine.
IM underwent its fifth redesign in 2010 with the first issue published in March to coincide with the magazine's "20th Industrial Minerals Congress & Exhibition", held in Miami, Florida. Several new sections were added to IM and the structure of the magazine is now split between News & Analysis and Features.
News & Analysis.
Comment - A selected editorial comment
Top Stories - All the latest news industrial minerals news and analysis
Strandlines - The latest developments from and commentary on the titanium feedstock and zircon industries
Supply Situation Report - Short news feature with a spotlight on one mineral grade, examining "Supply Security", "Price Trends", "Market Demand", and "Outlook"
Market Monitor - News and developments from the end-markets driving industrial minerals consumption
Refractories Hotline - A focus on the refractory market
People & places - Personnel movements in industrial minerals companies 
Diary Dates - A list of internal and external conferences and exhibitions relevant to the industrial minerals sector
Price Briefing - A round-up and analysis of the biggest mineral price changes from the past month, taken from IM's prices section on indmin.com
Price Listing - A list of prices compiled from industry sources covering over 40 different industrial minerals, including alumina, bauxite, chromite, fluorspar, lithium carbonate, potash, rare earth minerals and zircon
Features.
Main Feature - An in-depth article on a mineral
Short Feature - In a similar vein to the main feature, but focusing on markets (i.e. ceramics) and specific countries (such as Turkey)
Exposure - A profile of new and undeveloped mineral depots of the world
Processing - An in-depth look at the new equipment and/or methods from the world of industrial minerals processing
End User Focus - An examination of a specific end use market and the role of industrial minerals, for example the tundish in continuous casting and refractory minerals used
Trading Faces - An interview with a selected industrial mineral trader
Recent Coverage.
One theme over the past decade has been increasing interest from investors and private equity firms (such as IMin Partners) into industrial minerals. Traditionally viewed as low value, high bulk commodities, the rush for fertilisers, electric cars and high power magnets has seen interest in minerals such as potash, lithium carbonate and rare earths soar.
As IM explained in its December 2009 feature, "A Decade of Minerals":
"Potash made those outside of the non-metallic minerals group of industries stand up and take note. As potash soared towards $1,000/tonne - a figure it would probably have reached by if it was not for the global economic crash - mining giants and investors alike wanted a piece of the pie.
BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto, and Vale - three of the world's largest miners - all either purchased or progressed potash projects on the back of the boom.
The reversal of potash's fortunes is summed up with the following: in 2004 Regina in Saskatchewan, Canada (the world's potash production hub) had not issued any exploration permits for the fertiliser mineral; at the end of 2007 3m. hectares was under exploration."
Some of the recent topics IM has covered in its features include the future of lithium demand, North Africa's construction industry and its vast minerals consumption, the surging interest in sillimanite minerals for refractory markets, and the effect of the global recession on aluminium and steel markets, and in turn demand for metallurgical flux minerals such as lime, dolomite, bauxite, fluorspar, olivine and wollastonite.
Events & Roundtables.
Since 1972 when IM launched its first event, its biennial "Industrial Minerals International Congress & Exhibition" in London, many have followed. Current events and roundtables include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19648930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648930" title="Hugh Atkinson (footballer)">
Hugh Atkinson (footballer)

Hugh Anthony Atkinson (born 8 November 1960) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career.
Atkinson moved from his native Ireland to join the youth ranks at Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1978. He later made his senior debut on 12 January 1980 in a 3–0 win over Bristol City.
The 1980–81 season was his most successful at Molineux, as he made 27 appearances. After the club were relegated from the First Division at the end of the following season amid financial turmoil, he left to join Exeter City, after 51 appearances and 3 goals for the club in total.
He experienced another relegation at Exeter as the club dropped into the fourth tier in 1984, upon which he moved on to York City, from where he had a loan spell at Darlington.

</doc>
<doc id="19648939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648939" title="MyKey">
MyKey

MyKey is a motor vehicle security system designed by the Ford Motor Company that allows the controlled use of a car with a configurable key. The technology is targeted at parents who wish to share their car with adolescent or young adult drivers. Keys may be configured with a variety of settings. MyKey was a standard feature on all 2010 models. (secluding XL F-Series)
Features:
References.
Servicing stop Ford Blog

</doc>
<doc id="19648949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648949" title="Lee Sang-ho (disambiguation)">
Lee Sang-ho (disambiguation)

Lee Sang-Ho may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19648956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648956" title="1985 Paris–Roubaix">
1985 Paris–Roubaix

The 1985 Paris–Roubaix took place on 14 April in rainy conditions.
At one point, former three times winner Francesco Moser looked the serious contender, but a crash due to a hole between cobbles and a slow repair of his equipment eliminated Moser from the final. 
About 15 kilometres from Roubaix, Marc Madiot escaped from an eight-man group with among others defending race winner Sean Kelly. Madiot held on and entered the velodrome in Roubaix on his own to win. Bruno Wojtinek, leaving the chase group some two kilometres from the line, finished second, cementing a French double. Sean Kelly and Greg Lemond were the next riders home having avoided a crash just as the chasing group was entering the velodrome in Roubaix. 
Below, the results for the 1985 edition of the Paris–Roubaix cycling classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19648958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648958" title="James Peniata">
James Peniata

James Peniata is an Australian born actor, writer and director.
Early life.
James Mathew Peniata was born on 13 March 1989 to an Australian Mother and Samoan Father.
His name was James Mathew Phillips up until 2005 when he had it legally changed by his fathers demand. James was extremely shy in primary school and even more so in high school. His passion for acting and film came in high school drama class when he experienced the joy of performing. James could not afford to attend his final high school formal in 2006 and could not finish paying his high school fees which almost cost him his high school diploma, stating that his family had too many important things to pay for and not a lot of money. And unfortunately, "certain things had to be sacrificed". In 2007 James enrolled into Participate Film Academy where he studied for a year, graduating in early 2008.
Acting Credits.
Peniata began acting professionally in 2006 after his high school graduation. In 2007, he appeared in various television commercials including an MTV promotional advertisement for the 2007 urban arts awards. He made his big screen debut in March 2008 with the release of the feature film Green Fire Envy in which he had a supporting role as Dante Walker. In June 2008 Peniata wrapped filming on Happy Deathday, a short horror film, and then joined the cast of Hell On Earth, a short fantasy/action film. In early 2009 James went on to work behind the scenes in the camera and electrical department for Next Door to the Velinsky's, an Australian psychological thriller. James also starred as Oscar Novat, the lead character in the 2011 Australian horror film Silent Eyes. In 2010 James played 'The Charity Host' in the action packed independent action film Charity Hurts. In 2011 Peniata took time off from acting to concentrate on directing his fantasy, action film 'Dead Moon Circus', but January 2012 saw James portraying the role of Simon Lord in Jon Cohens thriller 'Rules of the Game', to be released 2013.
Writing and Directing Credits.
In 2010, two years after graduating from film school as an actor Peniata wrote the screenplay for the independent horror film Silent Eyes, and later teamed up with Producer/actor Peter Moalaeua to film it. With Peniata in the directing chair the film was shot in the western Sydney town of Toongabbie in three weeks.
Peniata also wrote and directed the independent feature film 'Have Sex and Die', which is inspired by the 70's and 80's grind house type slasher/monster movies. 'Have Sex and Die' was produced by Matthew Scott and Ben Ryan.
When directing James prefers to work with people he already trusts. Peniata has worked with almost the same crew on three of his films, 'Silent Eyes', 'Have Sex and Die' and 'Sweet Summer Gone'. Although James has worked with various actors, a core group of actors usually make appearances in his films.
In late 2011 Peniata began work on his first action/fantasy film 'Dead Moon Circus', although the film was set in Tokyo, Japan it was entirely shot in Sydney, Australia due to the extremely low budget. Sets were constructed within Bheema Studios and the cast were heavily trained for their various physically demanding fight sequences. This non-profit, extremely low budget fanmade film is based on the smash hit 'Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon' the Japanese media franchise created by Manga artist Naoko Takeuchi. The film is set to be released for non-profit free viewing online mid-2012.
James is currently working on his new features 'Sweet Summer Gone', 'Red City Blues' and 'Ballistic Fury'.
References.
http://www.blacktownsun.com.au/news/local/news/general/serial-killer-caught-by-eager-film-crew/1770926.aspx</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19648967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648967" title="Anthony G. Bosco">
Anthony G. Bosco

Anthony Gerard Bosco (August 1, 1927 – July 2, 2013) was a prelate of the Catholic Church, currently the Bishop Emeritus of Greensburg. He was the third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Greensburg from 1987 to 2004. 
Raised on Pittsburgh's North Side, Bosco graduated from North Catholic High School in Pittsburgh and attended St. Fidelis Seminary in Butler County and St. Vincent Seminary in Latrobe. He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Pittsburgh on June 7, 1952.
Bosco held a variety of positions in the Pittsburgh chancery and was named a monsignor in 1968. During part of that time, he was a chaplain and instructor at Mercy Hospital School of Nursing in Pittsburgh. He was ordained a bishop for the Diocese of Pittsburgh on June 30, 1970, and served there as an auxiliary bishop until his installation in the Diocese of Greensburg after Bishop Connare resigned.
On July 3, 2013, it was announced that Bishop Bosco died in the late evening of July 2, 2013 at his residence in Greensburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19648996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19648996" title="Artur Olech">
Artur Olech

Artur Olech (June 22, 1940 – August 12, 2010) was a Polish boxer. He was born in Lviv, Ukraine and died in Wroclaw, Poland.
Olech won two silver medals at the Olympic Games, in 1964 in Tokyo and 1968 in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="19649007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649007" title="Blueberry Broadcasting">
Blueberry Broadcasting

Blueberry Broadcasting is a Kennebunkport, Maine based media company owning 17 radio stations throughout the state of Maine. The company is headed by Bruce Biette, vice president and CEO, and Louis Vitali, President. Studios are located in Augusta, Rockland and Bangor, with additional locations in Ellsworth & Pittsfield.
History.
Vitali previously ran Mariner Broadcasting, then owner of the WBACH classical network and WQEZ. Blueberry bought the 17 Clear Channel Broadcasting stations in May 2008 for $11 million [http://news.mainetoday.com/updates/026376.html]. In order to comply with Federal Communications Commission rules, WGUY and WFZX were sold off, eventually being sold to Educational Media Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19649025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649025" title="Brian Inder">
Brian Inder

Brian Inder (Born 1930) is a tourism pioneer of North Western Tasmania, Australia. On his property at Staverton near Lake Barrington he has established one of the world's largest maze complexes, called Tasmazia.
When dairy farming was proving difficult in the early 1980s, Inder moved to Lavender farming and manufacture of herbal products which proved more profitable. A childhood dream of establishing a hedge maze proved initially difficult, so he developed a model town called the "Village of Lower Crackpot". A gift shop, pancake parlour, and honey tasting soon followed making Tasmazia the largest commercial tourism attraction on the North West Coast.
When the nearby town of Sheffield was facing commercial decline, Inder was instrumental in establishing Sheffield as a "town of murals" with a mural fest. Other festivals he played a leading role in establishing include the Blooming Tasmania festival and the Lavender festival.
Brian Inder has served as a board member of the West North-West Regional Tourism Association and vice-president of the Kentish Association of Tourism.
On the coast near the mouth of the Arthur River is a plaque titled "The Edge of the World", a term coined by Inder, with a poem by him referring to the timeless and wild nature of the coastline at Arthur River which is regularly lashed by the gails of the Roaring Forties.
In November 2005 he was honoured with the "Outstanding Contribution by an Individual" Award by the Tourism Council of Tasmania. On winning the award he was reported by The Mercury as saying

</doc>
<doc id="19649043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649043" title="Rockford Speedway">
Rockford Speedway

Rockford Speedway is a 1/4 mile short track high banked asphalt oval. It is located in the city of Loves Park on Illinois Route 173 near Rockford. Rockford Speedway is the only racetrack running under NASCAR sanction in Illinois.
It hosts weekly local-level events during the summer racing season as well as occasional regional- and national-level events. Notable special events at the track include trailer races, endurance races, the Spring Classic, ALl-Star 100, Bahama Bracket Nationals, and the National Short Track Championship.
History.
The track was built in 1947 by a farmer and group of investors. Hugh Deery eventually bought into the speedway and was the sole owner by 1966. It is run by his widow, Jody Deery (as of 1984). It opened in 1948 as a midget car racing venue. Despite a death in the pits at the speedway several weeks after opening, on June 16, 1948, the track continued operation. Rockford Speedway is known for being the first track to develop an economical late model program as well as being an early adopter of the short track Saturday night racing program.
Track.
The track is an asphalt-paved nominal 1/4 mile. The measured length of the track is . It is highly banked at the turns and relatively flat on the front and back stretches. It is banked at 22 degrees in the -wide corners and 8 degrees in the -wide straightaways. Inside the 1/4 mile oval track is a Figure 8 track.
Programs.
Weekly programs.
The tracks offer two weekly programs during much of the season. On Saturdays it hosts a NASCAR-sanctioned Whelen All-American Series late model race, along with All American Sportsmen, American Short Trackers and Road Runners. On Wednesday nights it hosts The Road Runner Super Summer Series, Bandits, Winged Women on wheels, Figure 8's, Legends, Bandoleros,and spectacular drags.
Notable racers and participants.
Track champions include seven-time champions Bobby Wilberg (1991, 1995 - 2000) and John Knaus (father of Hendrick Motorsports Crew Chief Chad Knaus). Joe Shear (1967-1972) won six titles. Travis Kvapil started racing at Rockford at age 16 and was the 1994 track champion in the American Short Tracker division. Rich Bickle was the track's sportsman rookie of the year in 1980.
Several notable people started their racing careers at Rockford. NASCAR crew chief Chad Knaus was his father's crew chief for his championship race car. NASCAR Sprint Cup Series official John Darby got his start at Rockford in 1971 as an owner of a street stock. In 1976 he became crew chief for a late model that he owned which won the 1977 championship. He stopped owning the racecar in 1982 and became a track official. He moved up the NASCAR ranks as a technical official, and by 1994 he was the director for the NASCAR Busch Series (now Nationwide Series). After three years he was named the NASCAR's Sprint Cup Series director of competition.
Stock car special events.
The track holds events in the ASA Midwest Series, Jeg'sCRA All-Star Tour, Must-See Xtemem Sprint Car Series, Mid American Stock Car Series events, Big 8 Limited Late Model Touring Series, monster trucks, and enduros. Series that held races at the track include: NASCAR RE/MAX Challenge Series, the Wisconsin Challenge Series, ASA Late Model Series Northern Division, and USAC National Midgets.
National Short Track Championship.
The track held its 45th annual national short track championship (NSTC) in 2010. The three day event had 12 divisions racing as of the 2007 championship. Track promoters decided to host the first 200 lap event in late 1966 to pit the best drivers in Chicagoland against the best drivers in the Central Wisconsin Drivers Association. Drivers competing at the event are primarily from Illinois and Wisconsin, although drivers from other states often participate. The event was sanctioned by ARTGO for several years, and it became part of the CRA Super Series tour in 2004. In 2005, it was part of the ASA Late Model Series. It was not part of any tour for several years until the ASA Midwest Tour took over in 2011.
Winners.
Joe Shear was the first driver to win eight NSTCs and Steve Carlson tied his record in 2011. Other multiple winners include Jeremy Lepak, Dick Trickle, and Eddie Hoffman. 
The first event was won by Wisconsin short track racer Trickle by a lap over Chicagoland stock-car champion Roy Martinelli. Trickle was billed as the winningest short track driver in history with estimates of his win total between 1,000 and 1,200 races. Years later, Trickle commented, "I really do treasure that one in 1966. There were a lot of behind-the-scenes things that went on there. Number one, I had never run outside my own backyard, you might say, which is the central Wisconsin area. I never ran somewhere except in my own little circuit, but I had won there. The first time I ever stepped out of the central Wisconsin area was to the Rockford Nationals in 1966."

</doc>
<doc id="19649045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649045" title="Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet">
Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet

"Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" is a song by the American rock band Fall Out Boy from their fourth studio album "Folie à Deux" (2008). It was released as a digital single as part of the build up to the new album on iTunes on October 7, 2008.
The title of the song refers to former Major League Baseball player Pete Rose, known for sliding headfirst into bases. Rose agreed never to work in baseball again due to an accused betting scandal while managing the Cincinnati Reds and will likely be kept out of the Hall of Fame, located in Cooperstown, New York, because of it. The band originally intended to name-drop Rose in the song's title. They changed their minds because of concerns about the lawsuit brought against OutKast over their 1999 single "Rosa Parks" by the civil rights activist, who was name-dropped in the title. "Headfirst"'s original working title was "Does Your Husband Know?".
Chronologically, "What a Catch, Donnie" and "America's Suitehearts" were released to iTunes after "Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet". However, "Headfirst Slide..." was never serviced to radio as an official single, while the former two were later released as radio singles, albeit in vice versa order.
Composition.
Vocalist/guitarist Patrick Stump once again composed the music, using musical style as a palette to support bassist Pete Wentz's lyrics. In an interview with MTV, Stump said of the song:
Music video.
The "Headfirst Slide into Cooperstown on a Bad Bet" video was released on August 28, 2009 simultaneously on director Shane Valdez's Vimeo account and by 'Decaydancerecords' and 'FriendsorEnemies' official YouTube accounts. It can be considered both an official music video for the song and a short film by Shane Valdez. The title of the music video was named "A Weekend at Pete Rose's", which refers to the former Major League Baseball player, Pete Rose. The concept of the video mirrors the 1989 dark comedy "Weekend at Bernie's". A preview was on AbsolutePunk.net the week earlier.
The video opens with Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith of Panic! at the Disco jogging while discussing their favorite '80s movies (in reference to the music video itself). They head to the beach where they are expecting to meet with Pete Wentz. Spencer suggests that Brendon call Pete; however, Spencer soon spots him lying on the beach shore. To their surprise they find that he is dead. Brendon wishes to call for help, but Spencer suggests calling Jason Tate (the founder of AbsolutePunk) instead, in order to gain a million Twitter followers. The two drag Pete's lifeless body from the beach into Pete's SUV. They drive into town and walk around with the body. To make it seem like Pete is alive, Brendon and Spencer hold his arms to make him wave and tie his shoe laces to their own while they walk. After going to a carnival, they decide that they are carrying too much "dead weight", and drop Pete's body off at the beach shore. They take his hat and hoodie and thank him for his cell phone, money and "the memories" (a reference to an earlier Fall Out Boy single, "Thnks fr th Mmrs"). 
During the credits of the video, Brendon and Spencer can be heard humming the ending theme to "Jurassic Park".

</doc>
<doc id="19649066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649066" title="New Horizon College of Engineering">
New Horizon College of Engineering

New Horizon College of Engineering is an engineering college approved by the All India Council of Technical Education affiliated to Visweswaraiah Technological University. It is situated in Bangalore, 24 km from Majestic, near Marathalli.
History.
New Horizon College of Engineering, part of the New Horizon Educational Institution which was established in 1970. New Horizon College of Engineering was established in 2001.
Location.
The college is located in Bangalore's IT corridor, situated on the Ring Road with neighbours like INTEL, eBAY, PAYPAL, FLEXTRONICS, WIPRO, ACCENTURE, NOKIA, and ARM.
NHCE is amongst the few colleges under the Visvesvaraya Technological University which are ISO-9001:2000 certified. According to Dataquest-IDC Survey "India's Best Technicals Schools" (dated 15 June 2008), the college is ranked number 17 in Karnataka and number 48 among India’s top technological schools.It has been Ranked No: 4 among the best private tech schools in Karnataka and Ranked No: 18 among the best private tech school in INDIA – Dataquest Survey Nov - 2011. It is a Recipient of Prestigious Rajyotsava Award 2012 conferred by Government of Karnataka. It has consistently recorded the highest number of placements in the engineering sector in Asia for the last 7 years.
Courses and Departments.
Engineering departments.
The following departments offer a four year Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) course in engineering:
Campus Facilities and Amenities.
There are landscaped gardens, trees lined pathways, and student rest places, Amphitheatre, parking lot. Playgrounds and indoor sports facilities help develop physical skills.
Sports.
The campus has a huge playground, and an indoor basketball stadium. It is also equipped with a gym. "Nirvana"-the students recreation centre offers all kind of indoor games (chess and carroms). 
Hostel.
The campus has separate hostel facilities available for boys and girls. Food facility is provided and managed by Sodexo Any form of ragging is strictly prohibited and attracts severe punishments.

</doc>
<doc id="19649071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649071" title="Crataerina pallida">
Crataerina pallida

Crataerina pallida, the swift lousefly, is a species of biting fly in the family of louse flies Hippoboscidae. These flies are commonly encountered in the nests of the Common Swift ("Apus apus") in Europe and Asia. 
The lousefly spends its entire life cycle associated with swifts. The adult lousefly produce larvae in the late summer months which then pupate and lie dormant during the winter months inside the vacated swift nest. These parasites have highly aggregated population distribution and high levels of host prevalence. The adult fly then hatch out in spring when the first swift eggs are laid, by the returning adults, and feed on the blood of the nestlings and the adults, sucking about 25 mg of blood every 5 days. They can be a serious pest of adult and nestling swifts.
"Crataerina pallida" is vertically transmitted ectoparasite, in that it is passed from parent host on to offspring. "C. pallida" are relatively benign, because their own species fitness will depend on successful reproduction of swifts. Evidence suggests that "C. pallida" had little if any effect on nestling growth or fledging success rate.

</doc>
<doc id="19649074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649074" title="Empress Wang (Dezong)">
Empress Wang (Dezong)

Empress Wang (王皇后, personal name unknown) (died December 6, 786), formally Empress Zhaode (昭德皇后, "the accomplished and virtuous empress"), was an empress of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty for three days before her death. She was the wife of Emperor Dezong (Li Kuo) and the mother of Emperor Shunzong (Li Song).
Background.
Not much is known about the future Empress Wang’s family, other than that her father Wang Yu (王遇) had once served as the director of the archival bureau (秘書監, "MIshu Jian"). She had at least one brother, Wang Guo (王果).
As princely and imperial consort.
The future Empress Wang became a consort, but not wife, to Li Kuo while he was the Prince of Fengjie under his great-grandfather Emperor Xuanzong or grandfather Emperor Suzong. She gave birth to his oldest son, Li Song in 761 and thereafter was particularly favored. After Li Kuo became emperor in 779 (as Emperor Dezong), she was created "Shufei" (淑妃), the second highest rank for imperial consorts under empress. He awarded her father Wang Yu posthumous honors while making her brother Wang Guo a prefectural military advisor. He also gave some 20 of her family members official positions. When he was briefly forced to flee the capital Chang'an in 783 during the midst of a mutiny at Chang'an by soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), she might have carried the imperial seal with her for him as they fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi).
Creation as empress and death.
Consort Wang grew ill in 786 and, on December 3, Emperor Dezong created her empress. She died three days later, on December 6. She was initially buried at a tomb separate from what would eventually become Emperor Dezong’s tomb, but after his death in 805, she was moved to his tomb. She would become the last living Tang empress for over a century, until Empress He, the empress of Emperor Zhaozong, near the end of the dynasty (although several emperors' mothers would be honored as empresses dowager while they were living and posthumously honored as empresses after their deaths).

</doc>
<doc id="19649081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649081" title="The Ninja Dragon">
The Ninja Dragon

, better known for its international title as The Ninja Dragon (not to be confused with the 1986 Hong Kong film "Ninja Dragon" (1986) directed by Godfrey Ho). Is a Japanese direct-to-video action film released in 1990 by the Tohokushinsha Film Corporation.
It was directed by Go Nagai, his third film as director and his first as a solo director. The film was produced by Dynamic Planning, Moby Dick and the Tohokushinsha Film Corporation. A Laserdisc version was also released in Japan.
It was the first film starring Japanese rock musician Kenji Otsuki. It also features famous female Japanese wrestlers Cutie Suzuki and Mayumi Ozaki, and also Japanese idol Etsuko Shinkoda. The film has cameos of Ken Ishikawa, Chiaki Kawamata, Shintaro Ko, Yoichi Komatsuzawa, Tokitoshi Shiota, Haruka Takachiho, Kunio Nagatani, Kaizo Hayashi, Fujiko F. Fujio, Mari Yagisawa and Tetsu Yano.
A manga was also created by Go Nagai and Shinoyama Isami, and released as a single tankōbon on November 7, 1990 by Kadokawa Shoten. A 219 pages light novel was also released in 1990, written by Kazuo Sakurai and published by Enix, with the ISBN 4-900527-46-7 and ISBN 978-4-900527-46-1.
International releases.
The film was released by Asia Pulp Cinema in different formats in the United States and in Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="19649103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649103" title="Church of San Bernardo, Mexico City">
Church of San Bernardo, Mexico City

The Church of San Bernardo () stands at the corner of Avenida 20 de Noviembre and Venustiano Carranza Street just south of the Zocalo or main plaza of Mexico City. It was part of a convent of the same name that was founded in 1636, but was closed along with all convents and monasteries during the La Reforma period in 1861. Currently, only the church remains of the convent complex.
The church was part of a convent of the same name which was sponsored by Juan Marquez de Orozco, a merchant who left his fortune to the Church with the stipulation that the money be used to found a convent for the Cistercian Order. After Orozo’s death, José Retes de Largacha, Marquis of San Jorge, became the convent’s benefactor, purchasing the land for the church and convent. . The convent was founded in 1636, by three of Orozco’s sisters and two other nuns, all from the Convent of Regina Coeli. . The church was consecrated in 1690. In the 18th century, Miguel de Berrio y Saldivar, Count of San Mateo Valparaiso, took charge of repair work, leading to the use of geometrically-cut tezontle stone. The church was rededicated in 1777 .
During the Reform period under Benito Juárez, all monasteries and convents were closed and this convent was demolished, except for the church. Its demolition paved the way of the opening of the street that would become 20 de Noviembre.
Much of the façade’s surface is covered in tezontle a reddish, porous volcanic rock. The decoration of the main façade of the church is what is called a “discreet” expression of the Baroque style, meaning not all of the surface is covered in decoration, but the sections which do have them are done in that style. The work done on this church has been compared to the filigree done by silversmiths. Where the Baroque style really stands out is the profusion of decoration surrounding the niches; one of which holds an image of Saint Bernard and the other a figure of the Virgin of Guadalupe. This figure used to be on the opposite side of the church/convent, but when it was dismantled, it was moved here. The main architect of the church was Juan Zepeda .
On the exterior is a bronze plaque that reads “Las Religiosas Concepcionistas del Convento del Dulcísimo Nombre de María del Glorioso San Bernardo. Fundado el 30 III 1636 in este Lugar, Celebramos 350 años de su fundación, 1986”
The Church's interior has a neo-classic altar.

</doc>
<doc id="19649139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649139" title="Time-dependent gate oxide breakdown">
Time-dependent gate oxide breakdown

Time-dependent gate oxide breakdown (or time-dependent dielectric breakdown, TDDB) is a failure mechanism in MOSFETs, when the gate oxide breaks down as a result of long-time application of relatively low electric field (as opposite to immediate breakdown, which is caused by strong electric field). The breakdown is caused by formation of a conducting path through the gate oxide to substrate due to electron tunneling current, when MOSFETs are operated close to or beyond their specified operating voltages.
Test method.
A general test method used for measuring this failure mechanism is called "charge to breakdown" (QBD).

</doc>
<doc id="19649158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649158" title="OPERA experiment">
OPERA experiment

The Oscillation Project with Emulsion-tRacking Apparatus (OPERA) is an instrument used in a scientific experiment for detecting tau neutrinos from muon neutrino oscillations. The experiment is a collaboration between CERN in Geneva, Switzerland, and the Laboratori Nazionali del Gran Sasso (LNGS) in Gran Sasso, Italy and uses the CERN Neutrinos to Gran Sasso (CNGS) neutrino beam. 
The process starts with protons from the Super Proton Synchrotron (SPS) at CERN being fired in pulses at a carbon target to produce pions and kaons. These particles decay to produce muons and neutrinos.
Detector.
OPERA, in Hall C of the Gran Sasso underground labs, was built in 2003–2008. The taus resulting from the interaction of tau neutrinos are observed in "bricks" of photographic films (nuclear emulsion) interleaved with lead sheets. Each brick weighs 8.3 kg; the two OPERA supermodules contain 150,000 bricks arranged into parallel walls interleaved with plastic scintillator counters. Each supermodule is followed by a magnetic spectrometer for momentum and charge identification of penetrating particles. During data collection, a neutrino interaction and its corresponding brick are tagged in real time by the scintillators and spectrometers. These bricks are extracted from the walls asynchronously with respect to the beam for film development, scanning and for the topological and kinematic search of tau decays.
Tau neutrino.
On 31 May 2010, OPERA researchers observed the first tau neutrino candidate event in a muon neutrino beam. On 6 June 2012, OPERA announced the observation of a second tau neutrino event. On 26 March 2013, the experiment caught for the third time a muon neutrino oscillating into a tau neutrino during travel from CERN to LNGS.
Time-of-flight measurements.
In September 2011, OPERA researchers observed muon neutrinos apparently traveling faster than the speed of light. In February and March 2012, OPERA researchers blamed this result on a loose fibre optic cable connecting a GPS receiver to an electronic card in a computer. On 16 March 2012, a report announced that an independent experiment in the same laboratory, also using the CNGS neutrino beam, but this time the ICARUS detector, found no discernible difference between the speed of a neutrino and the speed of light. In May 2012, the Gran Sasso experiments BOREXINO, ICARUS, LVD and OPERA all measured neutrino velocity with a short-pulsed beam, and obtained agreement with the speed of light, showing that the original OPERA result was mistaken. Finally in July 2012, the OPERA collaboration updated their results. After the instrumental effects mentioned above were taken into account, it was shown that the speed of neutrinos is consistent with the speed of light. This was confirmed by a new, improved set of measurements in May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19649165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649165" title="Arley and Fillongley railway station">
Arley and Fillongley railway station

Arley and Fillongley railway station was a station on the Midland Railway, which operated in the Midland county of Warwickshire, in England.
History.
The station was opened by the Midland Railway, and was absorbed by the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
The station master's house still exists as a private residence. Trains on the Birmingham to Peterborough Line still pass the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19649188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649188" title="Abdul Rashid Khan">
Abdul Rashid Khan

Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan (born 19 August 1908) is a vocalist of Hindustani music genre. he belongs to the musical tradition of Miya Tansen. Apart from khayal, he sings dhrupad, dhamar and thumri with equal versatility.
Early life.
Khan was born in a family of musicians tracing back to Behram Khan, who was a singer of traditional Gwalior gharana gayaki. His father's elder brother Bade Yusuf Khan and his father initially trained him. His father Chhote Yusuf Khan was his guru. This was followed with extensive taleem from his family elders, like Chand Khan, Barkhudar Khan, Mahtab Khan who had imbibed the Gwalior Gayaki. He further developed this style suiting his own artistic sensitivity.
Career.
Khan's traditional compositions have been recorded by the BBC and Iraq Radio. Organizations like Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academi, Lucknow and ITC Sangeet Research Academy, Kolkata have recorded and preserved more than 1500 compositions. During the past several decades, he has been a regular performer on Akashvani and Doordarshan Lucknow. Khan has participated in many national and regional conferences like Sadarang Conference, Godrej Conference, Lucknow Mahotsav, Dover Lance Conference, ITC Sangeet Sammelan, Prayag Sangeet Samiti Sangeet Sammelan all over India and has been felicited by Critics, fellow artists and many reputed recognized institutions like Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academy, (1981), Banaras Hindu University (1993), Eastern Zone cultural center and Press club Kolkata.
Khan has composed more than two thousand compositions and is also a prolific writer and poet under the pseudonym "Rasan Piya". Many compositions (bandish) that he sings are his own creations. He has trained numerous students in his lifetime. He is now a "guru" at ITC Sangeet Research Academy, Kolkata.
Awards and Recogonitions.
He has been a member of the All India Radio Audition Committee, New Delhi and has been awarded with many titles by the different reputed organizations like 'Sangeet Maharishi', 'Sangeet Sartaz', 'Rassagar', 'Bandish Samarat'.

</doc>
<doc id="19649196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649196" title="Linxiang District">
Linxiang District

Linxiang District (临翔区; pinyin: Línxiáng Qū) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19649198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649198" title="Linxiang">
Linxiang

Linxiang may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="19649204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649204" title="Aw Yeah">
Aw Yeah

"Aw Yeah" is the second single of The Grates' second album "Teeth Lost, Hearts Won". "Aw Yeah" was announced from The Grates' website on their Tumblr post blog.
"Aw Yeah" was released in October 2008 as a digital download. The b-side for "Aw Yeah" was "Major Dragger". The film clip is on The Grates' web page.
References.
[http://thegrates.blogspot.com/2008/09/visit-our-tour-tumble-blog.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19649217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649217" title="Kicking It">
Kicking It

Kicking It is a 2008 documentary film directed by Susan Koch and Jeff Werner focusing on the experiences of seven homeless people at the Homeless World Cup football (soccer) game. Featured in the documentary, narrated by actor Colin Farrell were residents of Afghanistan; Kenya; Dublin, Ireland; Charlotte, North Carolina; Madrid, Spain and St. Petersburg, Russia. The film premiered in January 2008 at the Sundance Film Festival and is being distributed by Liberation Entertainment, Netflix and ESPN. It has received mixed reviews.
Background.
The Homeless World Cup is an annual international football competition for the homeless, first held in 2003 in Austria. The documentary was filmed during 2006, when the event was hosted in Cape Town, South Africa. 48 teams composed of 500 homeless persons gathered to compete.
Co-producer Ted Leonsis, who owns the professional sports teams Washington Capitals (ice hockey) and Washington Wizards (basketball), described the documentary as an act of "filmanthropy", "using film and other media platforms to catalyze social change and actively give back to society." Narrator Colin Farrell indicated that he decided to participate in the documentary after seeing it and determining that the film was both "undeniably moving" and "important", noting that he was particularly affected by the stories of Afghanistan's Najib and Ireland's Simon.
Distribution.
At Sundance, sports broadcaster ESPN signed on to help the film secure theatrical and DVD distribution while securing television rights worldwide to itself. Subsequently, such distribution was secured through Liberation Entertainment and Netflix.
Critical reception.
Although according to "The Washington Times" the film "drew rave reviews at the Sundance and Tribeca film festivals and at its New York premiere", reviews in New York were mixed. Positive reviews in "Time Out" of New York and "The New York Press" described it as a "thoughtful portrayal" and a "strongly composed drama", "lain-spoken and smoothly paced", respectively, though "New York Press" questioned the usefulness of Farrell to the film, except in providing wider exposure."The New York Times" characterized the film as "long on soulful commentary and spirited game play, but short on surprise and relevance beyond its basic social service function." "The New York Daily News" found the film "well-meaning" and "without much sentimentality", but indicated that "it could benefit from a more pared-down approach."
In other areas, reviews have also been mixed. "Boxoffice" described the film as "thoughtful and poignant", "wonderfully lucid and occasionally transcendent." News Blaze summarized it as a "tearjerker certain to elicit concern and compassion from anyone watching for the billion on the planet still homeless", describing Koch's direction as "remarkable" and citing as the value of the film "the intimate portraits" of the participants. "Seattle Weekly" described it as "good-hearted but artless" and "heavy-handed". "Deseret News" of Salt Lake City, Utah, called the film "earnestly watchable" with "enough drama and action for several films", while in its online blog "The Portland Mercury" passionately decried Farrell's eight-minute part as "putrid", indicating that otherwise "the film at least presents some engaging questions" though it concludes that "the end of the film it's clear that soccer has as much to do with solving the global problem of homelessness as golf does, or, maybe, keeping hamsters." "Film Journal International" indicated that the film was "a fine public-service announcement", a view echoing that of "Variety" which opined that "it promotes a good cause, as might any public service announcement" but also suggested that "[as a documentary, it's hardly hard-hitting journalism." "That this documentary feeds some stereotypes and gives only cursory understanding but much hand-wringing is a shame", "Film Journal International" concluded, "But then, many more people will see this on ESPN than in theatres, and if this documentary-lite helps raise consciousness a little among the beer-and-basketball set, then it has indeed walked a bit with the angels."

</doc>
<doc id="19649231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649231" title="Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research">
Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research

The Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research () is a nonprofit research institute dedicated to clinical and biomedical research. It was made possible by a special bequest of Milan philanthropist :it:Mario Negri (1891 – 1960). It was founded in 1961 although it started working in Milan from 1st Feb 1963. There are branches of the institute in Bergamo, Ranica (BG), and at Santa Maria Imbaro, near Chieti.
Founder and director from 1961 is prof. :it:Silvio Garattini.

</doc>
<doc id="19649232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649232" title="Yunnan Copper">
Yunnan Copper

Yunnan Copper Company Limited () is the third largest copper producer in China. It was established in 1958 in Kunming, Yunnan, formerly Yunnan Smelting Plant. Its products include copper cathode, sulfuric acid, copper rod, bare copper wire, gold, silver, platinum, palladium, selenium, tellurium, bismuth, copper sulfate and nickel sulfate.
In November 2007, Aluminium Corporation of China acquired 49% of total shares of Yunnan Copper Group, Yunnan Copper Company's parent company.

</doc>
<doc id="19649237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649237" title="Jeff S. Shamma">
Jeff S. Shamma

Jeff S. Shamma (born c. 1961) is an American control theorist and the Professor and Julian T. Hightower Chair in Systems & Control Systems and Controls at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is known for his early work in nonlinear and adaptive control, particularly on gain scheduling, robust control, and more recently, distributed systems.
Early life and education.
Shamma was born in New York City and raised in Pensacola, Florida. He received a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Georgia Tech in 1983 and a Ph.D. in Systems Science and Engineering from the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1988. His Ph.D. thesis, "Analysis and Design of Gain Scheduled Control Systems", was advised by Michael Athans.
Academic career.
After graduating from MIT, Shamma held faculty positions at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, University of Texas, Austin, and University of California, Los Angeles. He also held visiting positions at the California Institute of Technology and MIT. Shamma returned to Georgia Tech to join the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering in 2007, and is currently the Julian T. Hightower Chair in Systems & Control Systems and Controls.
Awards.
Shamma is a recipient of the NSF Research Initiation Award and the NSF Young Investigator Award. He received the American Automatic Control Council Donald P. Eckman Award in 1996 (32 years after his Ph.D. advisor Michael Athans received the award in 1964), and was made an IEEE Fellow in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19649250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649250" title="Alexander Blaine Brown">
Alexander Blaine Brown

Alexander Blaine Brown was elected the seventh president of Jefferson College on October 14, 1847. The son of Matthew Brown, Jefferson College's fifth president, Brown was professor of belles lettres and adjunct professor of languages from 1841 to 1847. Under his presidency the college continued to prosper and in 1852 Phi Kappa Psi fraternity was founded at Jefferson College. Brown resigned in August 1856 due to ill health.

</doc>
<doc id="19649255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649255" title="Satok Bridge">
Satok Bridge

Satok Bridge or Jambatan Satok was a famous suspension bridge in Kuching city, Sarawak, Malaysia. The bridge had collapsed in 2004. Near the bridge is the Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19649267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649267" title="Anson Stager">
Anson Stager

Anson Stager (April 20, 1825 - March 26, 1885) was the co-founder of Western Union, the first president of Western Electric Manufacturing Company and Union Army general, where he was head of the Military Telegraph Department during the Civil War.
Biography.
He was born in Ontario County, New York. At age sixteen, Stager began working as an apprentice on the "Rochester Daily Advertiser" for a printer and telegraph builder named Henry O'Reilly of Rochester, New York. After the latter had a telegraph line constructed from Philadelphia to Harrisburg he placed Stager in operator positions in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, and then at age 21 he was put in charge of the first Lancaster, Pennsylvania office in 1846. In the spring of 1848, he was made chief operator of the "National lines" at Cincinnati, Ohio, where he made several improvements in battery and wire arrangement. In 1852 Stager was promoted to superintendent, and also served as the first general superintendent of Western Union Company, newly consolidated in 1856.
After the Civil War broke out in April 1861, Stager was requested by Ohio governor William Dennison, Jr. to manage the telegraphs in southern Ohio and along the Virginia Line. Stager obliged and immediately prepared a cipher by which he could securely communicate with those who had the key (notably the governors of Illinois and Indiana). In October he was called to Washington and appointed head of the Military Telegraph Department, which oversaw government telegraphs in all departments. He remained in service until September, 1868, and was made a brevet brigadier general of volunteers for valuable services. 
In 1869 General Stager moved to Chicago, Illinois, where he served as president of Western Electric. He was also president of the Chicago Telephone Company and president of the Western Edison Company, and secured a consolidation of the two.
Anson Stager died in Chicago, Illinois on March 26, 1885 and was survived by three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19649271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649271" title="Tony Feather">
Tony Feather

Tony Feather is a Missouri-based American political consultant for the Republican National Committee and Republican candidates and campaign who specializes in direct voter contact. Feather is a co-founder, with fellow Republican Jeff Larson of FLSConnect, the leading Republican direct voter contact company in America. 
Feather has run campaigns for former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft, and former Missouri attorney general, Bill Webster.
Feather is a specialist in "microtargeting" voters by phone and other means of "direct voter contact" for Republican campaigns and issue-oriented clients. 
Feather is a co-founder of the Republican 527 group Progress for America, a group that spent millions supporting Bush in 2004, and (with Chris LaCivita) of the American Issues Project (AIP), which has been airing ads in the 2008 presidential election raising questions about ties between Barack Obama and William Ayers. The American Issues Project is organized as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit, so that it can engage in limited amounts of civic campaigning, but cannot legally advocate for or against candidates.
Feather, from Sarcoxie, Mo., attended Missouri Southern State University in Joplin and was sports editor of the student newspaper "The Chart" in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19649303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649303" title="Generic data model">
Generic data model

Generic data models are generalizations of conventional data models. They define standardised general relation types, together with the kinds of things that may be related by such a relation type. 
Overview.
The definition of generic data model is similar to the definition of a natural language. For example, a generic data model may define relation types such as a 'classification relation', being a binary relation between an individual thing and a kind of thing (a class) and a 'part-whole relation', being a binary relation between two things, one with the role of part, the other with the role of whole, regardless the kind of things that are related. Given an extensible list of classes, this allows the classification of any individual thing and to specify part-whole relations for any individual object. By standardisation of an extensible list of relation types, a generic data model enables the expression of an unlimited number of kinds of facts and will approach the capabilities of natural languages.
Conventional data models, on the other hand, have a fixed and limited domain scope, because the instantiation (usage) of such a model only allows expressions of kinds of facts that are predefined in the model.
History.
Generic data models are developed as an approach to solve some shortcomings of conventional data models. For example, different modelers usually produce different conventional data models of the same domain. This can lead to difficulty in bringing the models of different people together and is an obstacle for data exchange and data integration. Invariably, however, this difference is attributable to different levels of abstraction in the models and differences in the kinds of facts that can be instantiated (the semantic expression capabilities of the models). The modelers need to communicate and agree on certain elements which are to be rendered more concretely, in order to make the differences less significant.
Generic data model topics.
Generic patterns.
There are generic patterns that can be used to advantage for modeling business. These include entity types for PARTY (with included PERSON and ORGANIZATION), PRODUCT TYPE, PRODUCT INSTANCE, ACTIVITY TYPE, ACTIVITY INSTANCE, CONTRACT, GEOGRAPHIC AREA, and SITE. A model which explicitly includes versions of these entity classes will be both reasonably robust and reasonably easy to understand. 
More abstract models are suitable for general purpose tools, and consist of variations on THING and THING TYPE, with all actual data being instances of these. Such abstract models are on one hand more difficult to manage, since they are not very expressive of real world things, but on the other hand they have a much wider applicability, especially if they are accompanied by a standardised dictionary. More concrete and specific data models will risk having to change as the scope or environment changes.
Approach to generic data modeling.
One approach to generic data modeling has the following characteristics:
This way of modeling allows the addition of standard classes and standard relation types as data (instances), which makes the data model flexible and prevents data model changes when the scope of the application changes.
Generic data model rules.
A generic data model obeys the following rules]:
Examples.
Examples of generic data models are 
References.
1. David C. Hay. 1995. "Data Model Patterns: Conventions of Thought". (New York: Dorset House).
2. David C. Hay. 2011. "Enterprise Model Patterns: Describing the World". (Bradley Beach,New Jersey: Technics Publications).
3. Matthew West 2011. "Developing High Quality Data Models" (Morgan Kaufmann)

</doc>
<doc id="19649312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649312" title="Chilenia">
Chilenia

Chilenia was an ancient microcontinent or terrane whose history affected many of the older rocks of central Chile and western Argentina. It was once separated by oceanic crust from the Cuyania terrane to which it accreted at ~420-390 Ma when Cuyania was already amalgamated with Gondwana.

</doc>
<doc id="19649316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649316" title="35th meridian west">
35th meridian west

The meridian 35° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 35th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19649319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649319" title="2002–03 Liga Artzit">
2002–03 Liga Artzit

The 2002–03 Liga Artzit season saw Hakoah Ramat Gan win the title and promotion to Liga Leumit alongside runners-up Ironi Kiryat Shmona. Hapoel Kisra-Sumei and Hapoel Bat Yam were relegated to Liga Alef.

</doc>
<doc id="19649330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649330" title="Fengqing County">
Fengqing County

Fengqing County (凤庆县; pinyin: Fèngqìng Xiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China. During the Ming Dynasty it was a frontier known as Shunning Prefecture (顺宁府; Shùnníng Fǔ).
Ethnic groups.
The "Fengqing County Almanac" (1993) lists the following ethnic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19649338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649338" title="Biological motion">
Biological motion

Biological motion is a term used by social and cognitive neuroscientists to refer to the unique visual phenomenon of a moving, animate object. Often, the stimuli used in biological motion experiments are just a few moving dots that reflect the motion of some key joints of the moving organism. Gunnar Johansson invented these "point light displays".
History.
Early work suggested that the brain may contain mechanisms specialised for the detection of other humans from motion signals, but over the years this claim has been scaled down to the point where some authors now suggest that we have more generalised detectors tuned simply to the characteristic signal generated by the feet of a locomoting animal.
Psychophysics.
Perception of biological motion depends both on the motions of individual dots and the configuration/orientation of the body as a whole, as well as interactions between these local and global cues. Similar to the Thatcher Effect in face perception, inversion of individual points is easy to detect when the entire figure is presented normally, but difficult to detect when the entire display is presented upside-down.
Neuroimaging.
The superior temporal sulcus is known to be activated for biological motion perception. Also, premotor cortex is important, which indicates that the mirror neuron system is recruited for "filling in" the dots.
Neuropsychology.
In a large study with stroke patients, regions that emerged to be statistically associated with deficient biological motion perception included the superior temporal lobe sulcus and premotor cortex. The cerebellum also is important. 
A recent study on a patient with developmental agnosia found intact biological motion, but deficient perception of non-biological form from motion 

</doc>
<doc id="19649351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649351" title="Partial agreement">
Partial agreement

Partial agreement is a term used within the Council of Europe to refer to a major activity of European cooperation that is organised by the Council of Europe but does not include all of its member states. This form of activity dates from a resolution adopted by the Council of Europe's Committee of Ministers on 2 August 1951. The resolution allowed for the adoption of agreements by a limited number of member states, without the participation of the remainder. Any expenditure would be made by the participating states alone. This form of variable geometry in intergovernmental cooperation has not been imitated by other international organisations. This form of cooperation also allows some activities to include non-European states as full-fledged participants.
In 1993 the ground-rules were revised by the Committee of Ministers to take into account new developments. Statutory Resolution (93) 28 of the Committee of Ministers replaced the 1951 resolution. It defines three types of agreement:
- A partial agreement: some member States of the Council of Europe;
- An enlarged partial agreement: some member States with one or more non-member states;
- An enlarged agreement: all member States with one or more non-member states. 
The Council of Europe currently lists its agreements as the following:
- The Council of Europe Development Bank (1956)
- Partial Agreement in the Social and Public Health Field (1959)
- The European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines (1964)
- The Pompidou Group - Cooperation Group to Combat Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking in Drugs (1980) 
- EUR-OPA - The European and Mediterranean Major Hazards Agreement (1987)
- The North-South Centre (1989)
- Eurimages - The European Support Fund for the co-production and distribution of films (1988)
- The Venice Commission) - The European Commission for Democracy through Law (1990)
- The Youth Card (1991)
- The European Audiovisual Observatory (1992)
- The Centre for Modern Languages in Graz
- GRECO - The Group of States Against Corruption (1998)
- The Enlarged Partial Agreement on Sport (2007)
Partial agreements are traditionally set up with a resolution of the Committee of Ministers. The European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines, which is usually listed as a Partial Agreement, falls outside of this definition, being the result of a treaty, and is thus technically a treaty body, such as the European Social Charter organs. 
There is one agreement, the European Card for Substantially Handicapped Persons, dating from 1977, which was still-born, having never attracted sufficient interest from member states and so was never implemented.
Each agreement has its own form of supervision and management. A number of the agreements are supervised by the Committee of Ministers, others have their own executive boards.
In 2007, the activities of the public health partial agreement were transferred to the European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines, despite the fact that the member states were not the same.
The latest agreement, on sport, heralds a new development, deals with an activity that had always been a mainstream intergovernmental activity but was relegated to a partial agreement to avoid it being axed altogether.
The Venice Commission is unique as being the one agreement which began life as a partial agreement and, being of its success, had to drop the qualifier 'Partial', when the last remaining member state decided to join up.
The Council of Europe treaty office issues regularly updated information on all partial and enlarged agreements, listing all member states, observers, dates of accession and reference texts. 
Further reading.
Polakiewicz, J.: Treaty making in the Council of Europe (1999)

</doc>
<doc id="19649358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649358" title="Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge">
Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge

The Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge or Jambatan Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman and New Satok Bridge is a major bridge crossing Sarawak River in Kuching city, Sarawak, Malaysia. Near the bridge is the site of the former Satok Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19649377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649377" title="Fritz Kaiser">
Fritz Kaiser

Fritz Kaiser (born in 1955 in Mauren, Liechtenstein) is a wealth management entrepreneur, investor and philanthropist from the Principality of Liechtenstein. He is married to Birgit and has four children. He is co-founder and executive chairman of Kaiser Partner, a wealth management firm that provides family office and wealth management services to private wealth owners and their advisors. Kaiser is an advocate for responsible wealth management and is well known for his innovation in this field. Specifically, in 2011, he won the Spear’s Magazine "Wealth Management Innovator of the Year" award for the successful instigation and development of the ‘Liechtenstein Disclosure Facility’ (LDF), a vehicle which promotes tax compliance by assisting UK taxpayers in the declaration of previously untaxed assets. He also co-founded the Mentor Foundation, a leading international NGO voice of drug abuse prevention.
Personal life.
Fritz Kaiser is married and has four children. In 1976 he represented Liechtenstein in Judo at the Montreal Olympics and he has retained an interest in sport throughout his life. He is co-founder and trustee of the Mentor Foundation, a drug-prevention organization for children launched 1994 at the United Nations General Assembly in Geneva. The Foundation’s current patron is Queen Silvia of Sweden.
Fritz Kaiser is a member of the World Economic Forum (WEF). He is also an avid collector of Chinese Contemporary Art and has established the virtual museum "88 Mocca – The Museum of Chinese Contemporary Art on the web".
Career.
Fritz Kaiser completed a commerce degree (Handelsakademie) in Feldkirch, Austria and began his business career in 1977 at Präsidial-Anstalt, one of the leading trust firms in Liechtenstein. In 1982 he established his own business, the Fritz Kaiser Group (FKG), providing wealth management services to private wealth owners, entrepreneurs and internationally famous personalities from the worlds of sport and art. Kaiser continued to pursue this interest in financial services through his purchase of the Diners Club credit card business in Liechtenstein and Switzerland. He served as a member of the Diners Club International Strategic Council at its licensor Citibank, who he sold the company to in 1999. 
In 1995, Fritz Kaiser became co-owner of the Swiss Formula One racing team Sauber, of which he was chairman from 1997-1999. During his F1 partnership time he successfully secured a contract with Red Bull in 1995, negotiated the Malaysian petroleum company PETRONAS as the main sponsor and engineering joint venture partner and developed the engine partnership with Ferrari. In 1999 he sold his share in the team to his partners, Peter Sauber and Dietrich Mateschitz (from Red Bull)." 
In more recent years, Kaiser has worked to promote the cause of responsible wealth management with Kaiser Partner.
Role in Kaiser Partner.
Kaiser Partner, the international wealth management firm of which Fritz Kaiser is currently Executive Chairman, is founded on the principle of responsibility in wealth management. Kaiser Partner comprises several companies which provide integrated wealth management solutions including private banking, fund administration, financial advisory, family office, trust and asset management services. 
At the heart of the services offered by Kaiser Partner is Fritz Kaiser’s belief that it is the duty of wealth management firms to help families and their advisors responsibly grow and preserve private wealth. To support this mantra, Kaiser Partner runs a Responsible Investing blog which discusses global developments relating to sustainable and ethical investing.
Private Wealth Council.
Kaiser Partner is also affiliated with the Private Wealth Council which was founded by Fritz Kaiser during the Annual Meeting of the World Economic Forum 2004 in Davos. It is an independent, international forum bringing together private wealth owners, experts and thought leaders from across the world to address issues pertaining to the responsible use of private wealth. Since 2008, the Private Wealth Council has published the findings of its work in its international publication Responsible Wealth Review.
In the first issue, Al Gore, the former US Vice-President who now champions environmental issues, laid out nine drivers of global change which influence responsible wealth ownership. In an e-Financial News article from 2009, Kaiser commented that ‘If you understand the drivers of change and navigate on the right side of change then you have a better chance of being a successful long-term investor rather than just another gambler in the market’.
Role in the Liechtenstein Disclosure Facility.
Well known for his commitment to compliance and responsibility, in 2008 Fritz Kaiser was invited to join the Liechtenstein Governments' Advisory board for the initiative "Futuro" to help set the direction for the future of the Liechtenstein financial centre. He headed the Liechtenstein task force to develop a solution for the financial centre in collaboration with The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the outcome of which was a unique pledge of transparency to the OECD, called the Liechtenstein Declaration. 
With many clients in the global offshore markets struggling to find fair solutions for untaxed funds, Kaiser instigated a solution with the UK government known as the Liechtenstein Disclosure Facility (LDF). This agreement would assist UK citizens with non-declared assets in their disclosure, making them HMRC compliant for a minimum penalty. This was clearly an attractive offering for those with offshore accounts, but its success could not have been predicted. UK taxpayers recognized that this was a non-discriminatory solution which could facilitate long-term wealth preservation and compliance. 
It was for this work that Fritz Kaiser and his colleague, former Baker & McKenzie lawyer Philip Marcovici, won the Spear’s Magazine Award for ‘Wealth Management Innovator of the Year 2011’.
In the media.
Bilanz-Artikel: „Der Netzwerker" (www.kaiserritterpartner.com/uploads/media/Bilanz19_2007.pdf)

</doc>
<doc id="19649378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649378" title="Ivan Markov (wrestler)">
Ivan Markov (wrestler)

Ivan Markov (born February 6, 1984) is a Russian professional wrestler. Markov is known for his work with Independent Wrestling Federation (IWF).
Career.
Markov is a former Heavyweight Champion, Hardcore Champion, and two time Tag Team Champion in the Independent Wrestling Federation. In addition, Markov also won the IWF's President's Cup in 2005. 
In September 2011 he made his debut in Japan as he worked for Dramatic Dream Team. His last appearance for DDT was in January 2012 in a show that took place in Korakuen Hall.
In 2012 he worked for Westside Xtreme Wrestling in Germany and in Turkish Power Wrestling in Turkey.
In March 2013 Ivan returned to Japan as he made his debut for Wrestling New Classic, he worked with the likes of Tajiri, Akira Nogami, Emil Sitoci and Starbuck. In September 2013 he worked for New Wrestling Entertainment in Italy and a month later he worked for All Wrestling Organization in Israel. In November he worked against Chris Raaber for the debut show of Dubai Wrestling Entertainment in the United Arab Emirates and later on he went to work for Dansk Pro Wrestling in Danmark working against Tatanka.
On December 11, 2013, Markov returned to Japan to work for DDT sub-promotion Union Pro, defeating Shuji Ishikawa to become the inaugural Union Max Champion. Markov then came together with Hiroshi Fukuda and Men's Teioh to form the World Men's Club stable.

</doc>
<doc id="19649392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649392" title="Castelo Rodrigo Castle">
Castelo Rodrigo Castle

The Castelo Rodrigo Castle is a castle in Castelo Rodrigo Parish in Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo, Guarda District, Portugal. It has been listed as a National monument since 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19649394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649394" title="Peter Kupferschmidt">
Peter Kupferschmidt

Peter Kupferschmidt (born 2 March 1942) is a German footballer who played for Bayern Munich during the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19649423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649423" title="Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir">
Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir

The Southwark Cathedral Merbecke Choir was established in late 2003 to provide a choir for ex-cathedral choristers (boys and girls) to continue singing. It also comprises other young singers - often ex-choral scholars from university college choirs and student singers based in London.
The Merbecke Choir is the only amateur chamber choir attached to a London cathedral.
The choir is named after John Merbecke, an English theological writer and musician known for producing the a song-noted edition of the 1549 Book of Common Prayer. He was tried and convicted of heresy in the retrochoir of Southwark Cathedral in 1543 but received a pardon owing to the intervention of Stephen Gardiner, Bishop of Winchester.
Role at Southwark Cathedral.
The Merbecke Choir is part of the Music Department at Southwark Cathedral. During term time, it sings all the services of Compline and Eucharistic Devotions. Additionally, it sings evensong, when requested, a number of special services and three concerts each year - Christmas, Passiontide and Summer.
Choir Director.
Huw Morgan is the current director of the choir. He combines the post with that of Director of Music at St Laurence's Church, Catford. Formerly, he was Director of Music at All Saints, Blackheath.
The founding director was Ian Keatley, then organ scholar of Southwark Cathedral. He was succeeded by David Pipe in 2006, who left the post in 2008 to take up the position of Assistant to the Director of Music at York Minster in September 2008, and subsequently Assistant Director of Music in September 2010.
Repertoire.
The choir's staple repertoire is early European liturgical music. However, for concerts, the music list is typically expanded to include contemporary compositions - including Huw Morgan's "The Word of the Cross" and first performances of - inter alia - Michael Bonaventure's "Doxology" in March 2010 and Ian McQueen's "English Requiem" in March 2012.
Notable Performances.
In December 2006, the Merbecke Choir was broadcast worldwide performing a setting of "Ding Dong Merrily On High" as the finale to the Queen's televised Christmas message.
In July 2009, the choir gave a concert - "I Sing of a Rose" - in the presence of Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu and Mrs Tutu to commemorate the naming of two new varieties of rose in their honour, and to coincide with the celebrations for the 800th anniversary of the first stone-built London Bridge.
In August 2009, the Merbecke Choir sang for a special choral evensong at Southwark Cathedral to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Marchioness disaster. The service was recorded by the BBC and extracts of the music were broadcast on BBC One on 13 October 2009 in a programme titled "The Marchioness: A Survivor's Story" presented by Jonathan Phang.
In October 2009, the choir performed for the Archbishop of Canterbury, when he delivered the annual Operation Noah lecture on "The Climate Crisis: A Christian Response".
In March 2011, the choir toured to France, performing in Rouen Cathedral and Église de la Madeleine in Paris on the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, before concluding with a home concert in Southwark Cathedral. The tour commemorated the 400th anniversary of the death of Tomás Luis de Victoria, one of the great composers of the Renaissance, with a performance of his late masterpiece, the Missa Pro Defunctis of 1608.
In December 2011, the choir sang the Crisis (charity) Carol Service 2011 in the presence of Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy.

</doc>
<doc id="19649427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649427" title="Jing zuo">
Jing zuo

Jing zuo (pratisaṃlīna, Chinese: 靜坐; Pinyin: Jìngzuò; literal: "quiet sitting" / "sitting in silence") refers to the Neo-Confucian meditation practice advocated by Zhu Xi and Wang Yang-ming. Jing zuo can also be described as a form of spiritual self-cultivation that helps a person achieve a more fulfilling life ("6-Great Traditions").
Terminology.
Literally speaking, the term Jing zuo simply means 'sitting quietly', but the collocation soon acquired more specific meanings, referring to methods of quiet sitting that were practiced for medical or spiritual purposes. In early sources, such as the philosophical work Hanfeizi (3rd century BCE), Jing zuo seems to have been mainly understood as being of benefit to health, but some centuries later spiritual practices were also referred to using this term. At the outset, it was not limited to Confucianism, but could equally well be used about Buddhist and Daoist practices. The term became widely used in the Song dynasty, and became the preferred term for seated meditation among Neo-Confucians, who tended to avoid more narrowly Buddhist or Daoist terms. In modern Western parlance, it often refers specifically to Neo-Confucian forms of meditation, but it is also used for other religious and non-religious practices
Confucian Meditation and Buddhist Meditation.
The concept of meditation was not a major aspect of the Confucian life until the Neo-Confucian era. At this time Buddhism and Daoism had begun to expand into China and started to influence some aspects of Chinese culture. Even though there are some similarities, there are also some fundamental differences. Confucian meditation, unlike Daoist and Buddhist meditation, does not require the stopping of rational thought, but instead relies upon disciplined attention to one's current situation and mental phenomena. Its purpose is to develop as an individual in order to find full realization. (Johnston 2006) As Zhu Xi notes in on Things at Hand: "Whenever you have to attend to your daily affairs, or undertake any matter, always spend some time in meditation and everything will be all right" (Zhu Xi, 4:25).
A central aspect of Confucian meditation is Jing zuo or quiet sitting. Again, there is a fundamental difference between Neo-Confucians and Buddhist or Daoist meditation, in respect to Jing zuo (quiet sitting). "Neo-Confucians argued that quiet sitting was oriented to this world and aimed at perfecting one's self, whereas Buddhist and Daoist meditation focused on forgetting the world and abandoning one's self." (Yao 2000, p. 222). Furthermore, "Neo-Confucian scholars take quiet sitting (Jing zuo) to be only a way to help understand one's gain in self-cultivation and they do not see it as a means to isolate oneself from human affairs. They believe that it is only within this world and among worldly affairs that one can progress in the path of spiritual cultivation." (Yao 2000, p. 223).
Significant People of Confucian Meditation.
There are two central concepts and schools of thought when it comes to Jing zuo. The two schools of thought were started by Zhu Xi (Chu Hsi) and Wang Yang-Ming. Each individual took a different approach; most would say an opposing approach. Here, each approach is examined separately.
Zhu Xi (Chu Hsi).
Zhu Xi was very influential in the Rational School of thought. Zhu Xi's concept of li was that it is the constitution of all things, the way by which the world runs its course. This way of thinking and looking at li, when applied to Jing zuo, was that a person needed to combine both thinking and action in order to achieve enlightenment. Investigation of things and the world around you were very important aspects and teachings of Zhu Xi. "He also believed that knowledge and action always required each other."(Yao, p 220). According to Zhu Xi, in order to achieve enlightenment, an individual must be actively seeking knowledge, investigating ideas/events, meditate upon them, and then investigate some more. "According to this understanding, spiritual meditation is like a circular journey of tranquility and activity, or of preserving the mind and investigating the principle, or of knowledge and action." (Yao, p 220). For Zhu Xi, Jing zuo "does not mean to 'sit still like a blockhead, with the ear hearing nothing, the eye seeing nothing, and the mind thinking of nothing."(Yao p 220). It meant actively searching out, investigating, and exploring the world that a person lives in.
Wang Yang-Ming.
Wang Yang- Ming was very influential in the Idealistic School of thought. Wang Yang-Ming disagreed with the approach that Zhu Xi had towards quiet sitting. His concept of li was that it was inside every person, and reflection on li, which was manifested in you, is the only way to enlightenment. Wang Yang-Ming believed that "it was right to search for sagehood within and there was no need to seek it in things and affairs outside. Self-examination and inward exploration are enough for one to gain true knowledge and to be a sage." (Yao, p 221). Even though Wang Yang-Ming thought quiet sitting would be useful for his students he did not want it to be the only thing that they tried to accomplish. Quiet sitting was only good if it would help them to grow in virtue and learn/ reflect on how they, as a moral person, should grow.
Purpose and Fundamental Ideas of Jing zuo.
It is said that those who practice Jing zuo can "perceive the pristine ethical basis of human nature"1 and also be able to "grasp the essential emptiness of everything." (Johnston 2000). The neo-Confucians were also using Jing zuo as a method of "practical retreat" in order to grow and develop as individuals. This included spiritual growth as well as the personal improvement and full realization of the practitioner (Johnston 2000). It allows Confucians to practice veneration for the basic human nature and it allows them to "nourish the seeds of moral virtue" (Berthrong 1998). Meditation embodies the state of serenity and calmness, where the practitioner is able to free themselves from and/or becomes unaffected by their surroundings. They are able to clear and settle the heart-mind completely and are then able to assess their knowledge in an open-minded and unbiased manner (Wilson 1991): "The Master said, 'Hui is capable of occupying his whole mind for three months on end with no thought but that of Goodness. The others can do so, some for a day, some even for a month, but that is all.`` (Analects 6.5) Jing zuo is said the be the "complement to prayer" (Wilson 1991) because "While prayer directs the heart to Ultimate Reality as a transcendent object, meditation cleanses the heart of all finite objects which obscure Reality so that its ultimate point may be found within." (Wilson 1991). Both prayer and Jing zuo are practiced and are essential parts of spirituality in Confucianism.
Jing zuo is understood to complement Zhu Xi's dictum to "investigate things" (in order to penetrate the principle (li) of the cosmos):
For some, the reflection and mediation of Jing zuo must be balanced with studying of the Confucian texts. It is beneficial when Jing zuo is used alongside Confucian scholarship, as it causes the Confucian to "center the self in service to others." (Berthrong 1998). Confucius himself advised against spending too much time sitting quiet and reflecting, he stressed the fact that Confucians should find a balance in their lives where they would study and reflect upon what one studies equally (Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, n.d.) : "'He who learns but does not think is lost. He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.' (Lunyu 2.15)" (Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, n.d.).
Forms of meditation.
"The Confucian transformation model starts with individual meditation and goes through personal enhancement, self-discipline, personality integrity, family integration, state governance, and reaches the excellence of universal commonwealth" ("Confucianism."). In order to achieve personal mediation, "one must learn to rest the energy (chu chu) in order to be stabilized (ting), be still and calm (ching), reach peace (an) and be mindful (li)" ("Confucianism."). To have mindful energy, one must be "ready to learn the truth and reveal the virtue (te)" ("Confucianism.").
One form of meditation is personal meditation Qigong. Qigong is when 'one sits still and frees their own character in order to get in touch with their true or real self.' ("Confucianism."). Qigong "is a process of training the mind, body, and spirit with the aim of guiding ones thoughts so that they can prepare for further development. It aims to internalize and calm the energy (qi) and to calm the mind, body and spirit" ("Confucianism."). Another component is to desire and "reach a peaceful state so that one can become a thoughtful person to themselves and others" ("Confucianism.") around them through practicing qigong.
Another form of Confucian mediation is called Chou Won. "Chou means to sit and Won means to forget one's self " ("Confucianism."). The person simply sits, "lets go and allows God to work". (Wilson 1991). Chou Wong's main focus is to "detach the character from one's self and reach mental freedom" ("Confucianism."). This form of Confucian mediation is "important because it teaches the practitioner many things to do with one's self: self-awareness, self-enhancement, self-discipline and self-actualization as well as learning how to find the truth and create social change" ("Confucianism.").
The "mental processes aim to rejuvenate internal virtue that leads to the insight of real self-awareness and universal energy interconnection" ("Confucianism."). A main focus of these meditations "aim to incorporate mind, body and spirit for healing with the three main goals; disease prevention, healing, and human capacity development" ("Confucianism."). Confucian meditation is used as "an empowerment tool for the Confucians and their family members by teaching them stress management, personal enhancement, family integration and career development" ("Confucianism.").
Impact on Confucian society.
Both schools of thought, Zhu Xi (Chu Hsi) and Wang Yang-Ming, had an impact on Confucian society. Both schools edited and rewrote different aspects of Confucian volumes and texts, tried to clarify concepts and ideas of Confucianism, and helped to develop the spiritual dimension of Confucians. Furthermore, both saw that it was very important to try to be a moral person; developing wisdom, loyalty, filial piety, compassion for humanity, and propriety; they lead to a better moral in society in general.
Confucian Mediation from the Great Learning
″The Way of learning to be great consists in manifesting the clear character, loving the people, and abiding in the highest good. Only after knowing what to abide in can one be calm. Only after having been calm can one be tranquil. Only after having achieved tranquility can one have peaceful repose. Only after having peaceful repose can one begin to deliberate. Only after deliberation can the end be attained. Things have their roots and their branches. Affairs have their beginnings and their ends. To know what is first and what is last will lead one near the Way.″ (Wilson 1991)

</doc>
<doc id="19649433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649433" title="Matching theory (economics)">
Matching theory (economics)

In economics, matching theory, also known as search and matching theory, is a mathematical framework attempting to describe the formation of mutually beneficial relationships over time.
Matching theory has been especially influential in labor economics, where it has been used to describe the formation of new jobs, as well as to describe other human relationships like marriage. Matching theory evolved from an earlier framework called 'search theory'. Where search theory studies the microeconomic decision of an individual searcher, matching theory studies the macroeconomic outcome when one or more types of searchers interact. It offers a way of modeling markets in which frictions prevent instantaneous adjustment of the level of economic activity. Among other applications, it has been used as a framework for studying frictional unemployment.
One of the founders of matching theory is Dale T. Mortensen of Northwestern University. A textbook treatment of the matching approach to labor markets is Christopher A. Pissarides' book "Equilibrium Unemployment Theory". Mortensen and Pissarides, together with Peter A. Diamond, won the 2010 Nobel Prize in Economics for 'fundamental contributions to search and matching theory'.
The matching function.
A matching function is a mathematical relationship that describes the formation of new relationships (also called 'matches') from unmatched agents of the appropriate types. For example, in the context of job formation, matching functions are sometimes assumed to have the following 'Cobb–Douglas' form:
where formula_2, formula_3, and formula_4 are positive constants.
In this equation, formula_5 represents the number of unemployed job seekers in the economy at a given time formula_6, and formula_7 is the number of vacant jobs firms are trying to fill. The number of new relationships (matches) created (per unit of time) is given by formula_8.
A matching function is in general analogous to a production function. But whereas a production function usually represents the production of goods and services from inputs like labor and capital, a matching function represents the formation of new relationships from the pools of available unmatched individuals. Estimates of the labor market matching function suggest that it has constant returns to scale, that is, formula_9.
If the fraction of jobs that separate (due to firing, quits, and so forth) from one period to the next is formula_10,
then to calculate the change in employment from one period to the next we must add the formation of new matches and subtract off the separation of old matches. A period may be treated as a week, a month, a quarter, or some other convenient period of time, depending on the data under consideration. (For simplicity, we are ignoring the entry of new workers into the labor force, and death or retirement of old workers, but these issues can be accounted for as well.) Suppose we write the number of workers employed in period formula_6 as formula_12, where formula_13 is the labor force in period formula_6. Then given the matching function described above, the dynamics of employment over time would be given by
For simplicity, many studies treat formula_10 as a fixed constant. But the fraction of workers separating per period of time can be determined endogenously if we assume that the value of being matched varies over time for each worker-firm pair (due, for example, to changes in productivity).
Applications.
Matching theory has been applied in many economic contexts, including:
Controversy.
Matching theory has been widely accepted as one of the best available descriptions of the frictions in the labor market, but some economists have recently questioned its quantitative accuracy. While unemployment exhibits large fluctuations over the business cycle, Robert Shimer has demonstrated that standard versions of matching models predict much smaller fluctuations in unemployment.

</doc>
<doc id="19649437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649437" title="Nettlecombe">
Nettlecombe

Nettlecombe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19649443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649443" title="Morris Wells">
Morris Wells

Morris Wells are a series of natural springs in eastern Aberdeenshire, Scotland. This water source has historically been a water supply for the town of Peterhead.

</doc>
<doc id="19649451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649451" title="Natural health product">
Natural health product

The term natural health product is used in Canada to describe substances such as vitamins and minerals, herbal medicines, homeopathic preparations, energy drinks, probiotics, and many alternative and traditional medicines.
Regulation.
Natural health care products are currently regulated under the Natural Health Product Regulations, under the authority of the Food and Drugs Act. The regulations address the sale of natural health products, manufacture, packaging, labelling and importation for sale of natural health products, the distribution of natural health products, and the storage of natural health products. Under the regulations, all natural health products require a Natural Product Number (NPN), analogous to the Drug Identification Numbers (DINs) used to identify and monitor drugs in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19649456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649456" title="Africa in Motion">
Africa in Motion

Africa in Motion (AiM) is an annual African film festival which takes place in Edinburgh, Scotland, in late October/early November. The primary aim of the festival is to offer audiences in Scotland the opportunity to view the best of African cinema from across the continent. AiM 2013 will be the 8th edition showcasing African cinema, the main hosting venue being Edinburgh's Filmhouse Cinema. The festival was founded in 2006 by Lizelle Bisschoff, a South African researcher based in the UK. 
Programme.
AiM’s programme includes both contemporary and classic African cinema. Numerous film categories are covered including features, shorts, documentaries, animation, Nollywood, horror and experimental work. Many of the films screened at AiM have never before been shown in Scotland, and the festival thus provides opportunities for the Scottish audience to view African films. AiM 2008 toured a number of cities across the UK, including Bristol, Cambridge, Cardiff, Derby, Dundee, Glasgow, Inverness, Manchester, Newcastle, Sheffield and Stirling. Since 2009 the festival has also toured to rural venues in the Scottish Highlands and Islands in November following the main festival. 
AiM hostes a short-film competition showcasing the work of young and emerging African filmmakers, with the winner receiving a cash prize. Film screenings are accompanied by a range of events including panel discussions, symposiums, workshops, African music performances, exhibitions, storytelling sessions and others.
Directors invited to the festival have included Jean-Marie Teno from Cameroon, Gaston Kaboré from Burkina Faso, and South African Richard Stanley.

</doc>
<doc id="19649474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649474" title="Yongde County">
Yongde County

Yongde County (永德县; pinyin: Yǒngdé Xiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.
Administrative divisions.
Township-level divisions:
Ethnic groups.
The "Yongde County Almanac" (1994:115) lists the following ethnic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19649479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649479" title="Dahla Dam">
Dahla Dam

The Dahla Dam is the largest dam in Kandahar Province, and the second largest in Afghanistan.
The dam is 34 kilometers north of Kandahar City and is operated by the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority.
The dam was first built between 1950 to 1952 during the reign of Zahir Shah, the last King of Afghanistan.
The contractor for the project was Morrison-Knudsen Afghanistan Incorporated.
The dam is being rehabilitated with Canadian Forces assistance. When the project is finished it is hoped that it will double the amount of irrigated land in the Arghandab River basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19649530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649530" title="John Coffey">
John Coffey

John Coffey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19649539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649539" title="Pennsylvania Typhoon">
Pennsylvania Typhoon

The Pennsylvania Typhoon are a professional inline hockey team based in Lemoyne, Pennsylvania. They are members of the Mason Dixon Division of the Eastern Conference of the Professional Inline Hockey Association (PIHA). The Typhoon play their home games in Lemoyne at the Susquehanna Sports Center, which is also home of their I-83 rival, and the other "Original Two", the Harrisburg Lunatics. Previously, they played at The Blast, in York, Pennsylvania as the York Typhoon but changed their name during their move to Lemoyne.
Founded in 2002, as the York Typhoon, they were one of the founding franchises of the PIHA. The Typhoon and rival Lunatics are the only "Original Two" teams still remaining in PIHA. The team's championship season in 2004 still marks the last time that a Typhoon team won the Founders Cup. The Typhoon have won three Founders Cups (including their first in 2002 in the inaugural season of PIHA), more than any other team. On a percentage basis, as of 2008, the franchise has won 43% of all Founders Cup championships contested in the history of PIHA, making it the most successful franchise in league history.

</doc>
<doc id="19649549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649549" title="Yun County, Yunnan">
Yun County, Yunnan

Yun County or Yunxian () is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.
Ethnic groups.
According to the "Yun County Almanac" (2006:527), the Limi 利米人 (an Yi subgroup) and Dai 傣族, both located in Xinfu Township 幸福乡, preserve both their traditional and clothing. However, the following peoples preserve their language, but not their traditional clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="19649570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649570" title="Mauerpark">
Mauerpark

Mauerpark is a public linear park in Berlin's Prenzlauer Berg district. The name translates to "Wall Park", referring to its status as a former part of the Berlin Wall and its Death Strip. The park is located at the border of Prenzlauer Berg and Gesundbrunnen district of former West Berlin.
Old Nordbahnhof.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, the Mauerpark area served as the location of the Old Nordbahnhof ("Northern Railway Station"), the southern terminus of the Prussian Northern Railway opened in 1877-78, which connected Berlin with the city of Stralsund and the Baltic Sea. Soon after it lost its role as a passenger station to the nearby "Stettiner Bahnhof" and remained in use as a freight yard. In 1950 the "Stettiner Bahnhof" took the name Nordbahnhof because of its role in Berlin's public transportation system, and the Old Nordbahnhof became known as "Güterbahnhof Eberswalder Straße". It was finally closed after the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961.
When viewed from above, one can still see remains of the railroad tracks running towards the former station from the Ringbahn.
Berlin divided.
In 1946, through the division of Berlin into four occupation zones, the land of the Old Nordbahnhof stretching from "Bernauer Straße" to "Kopenhagener Straße" was split between the French and Soviet sectors. After the building of the Berlin Wall, the land was included into the heavily guarded Death Strip with walls on either side. One of the viewing platforms, from which West Berlin residents could look over the wall into East Berlin, stood at this location. The remaining western part of the station was turned into a storehouse and commercial area.
An interesting aspect and a problem for the East German guards was the fact that the anterior part of the Wall strip was located on the steep embankment of the former railway tracks at a higher elevation than the adjacent area in the west. Yet in 1988, the East Berlin authorities concluded an agreement with the West to acquire a strip of land at the bottom of the hill to set up a more efficient border.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, the former death strip was designated as a public space and one of several green spaces in the city by local residents. With a contribution of DM 4.5 million from the Allianz environmental fund, the park was built on the eastern half of the former train station. However, the western half, which still belonged to the "Bundeseisenbahnvermögen" real estate association, remained a trade area and since 2004 has served as the location for a flea market next to the park. Several attempts to attach the western part to the green space have so far failed.
Today the park is one of the most popular places for young residents of Berlin, especially from the fashionable district of Prenzlauer Berg, and attracts basketball players, jugglers, musicians, and many other types of people. It is a crowded leisure ground and a site of sustainable improvised nightlife, especially in the summer, and has also become notorious for Walpurgis Night riots in recent years. There are two stadiums next to the park, including Friedrich Ludwig Jahn Sportpark and Max Schmeling Halle, home to several of Berlin's local sports teams.
A 30m strip of the Berlin Wall still stands in the park today as a monument, and is a popular place for graffiti artists to paint and display their work.
Culture.
Bearpit Karaoke Show.
A stone circular stage area with surrounding amphitheatre is situated on the hillside directly across from the park's basketball court. In late February 2009 an informal karaoke show took place there for the first time. Weather permitting, the "Bearpit Karaoke Show" at the amphitheatre has continued each year since then to be a regular fixture in the park on Sunday afternoons, with it possible to visit the shows from spring through to late autumn.
Rapidly becoming a Berlin institution, every Sunday afternoon thousands of people make their way. If the crowd loves you, they will sing and cheer along and you'll feel like a star; if they think you're rubbish, prepare to be booed.
Flea Market.
Open every Sunday since 2004, Flohmarkt am Mauerpark (German for Mauerpark Flea Market) is popular with both locals and tourists alike. While a newcomer to the Berlin flea market scene, it is becoming a quick favorite. The loose grid stalls populate the western side of the park and offer a collection of new and vintage fashions, vinyl CD's, GDR memorabilia and antiques, bicycles and other nicknacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19649593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649593" title="2008–09 PIHA season">
2008–09 PIHA season

The 2009 PIHA season is the eighth season of the Professional Inline Hockey Association. It runs from November 1, 2008 through April 18, 2009 with the Founders Cup playoffs to follow, ending on May 31, 2009.
Regular season.
The first goal of the season was scored by Ryan Carey of the expansion Suffolk Sting in Moriches, New York against the expansion New Jersey Assault.
Standings.
"GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, OTL = Overtime/Shootout Losses, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts = Points."
Tiebreaking procedures.
In the event of a tie in points in the standings at the end of the season, ties are broken using the following tiebreaking procedures.
The higher ranked team is the one with:
Statistical leaders.
Scoring leaders.
"GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; Star = Star Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes"
Leading goaltenders.
"GP = Games Played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; OT = Overtime/Shootout Losses; GA = Goals Against; SO = Shutouts; Sv% = Save Percentage; GAA = Goals Against Average"
Playoffs.
Playoff seeds.
After the regular season, 15 teams qualified for the playoffs. The Colorado Springs Thunder were the Western Conference regular season champions and were also the Best Overall Record Trophy winners with 62 points. The Harrisburg Lunatics earned the Eastern Conference regular season crown with 51 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19649618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649618" title="Zhenkang County">
Zhenkang County

Zhenkang County (镇康县; pinyin: Zhènkāng Xiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19649644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649644" title=".32 Long Colt">
.32 Long Colt

The .32 Long Colt (commonly called the .32 LC or simply .32 Colt) is an American centerfire fire revolver cartridge.
Introduced by Colt's with the New Line revolver in 1873, the .32 Colt was inspired by the .320 Revolver. It originally used a .313 in (7.95 mm)-diameter 90 gr (5.8 g) outside-lubricated bullet, which was later changed to inside lubrication, leading to a diameter change to .299 in (7.59 mm), a slight reduction in bullet weight, and a shortening of overall length.
With a case lengthened by .31 in (7.87 mm) over the .32 Short Colt (which means the .32 SC will chamber and fire in any weapon designed for the LC), the .32LC is in the same class in power as the .32 Smith and Wesson Long, without comparable accuracy.
More popular in Europe than North America, Colt was the most prominent American manufacturer which chambered any weapons in .32 Long Colt, most notably the Police Positive. Others included Marlin in their model 1892, Ballard in some single shot rifles, and other smaller manufacturers. The FAMAE revolver produced in Chile is currently offered in .32 Long Colt.

</doc>
<doc id="19649658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649658" title="Redenham Park">
Redenham Park

Redenham Park is an estate in Fyfield, Hampshire, England, surrounding Redenham House, a Grade II* listed country house. 
The house is an early nineteenth century Classical mansion faced with Bath stone, standing to two storeys with a slate roof and sash windows, and a central porch with coupled Ionic columns. 
Built in 1784 the house and gardens have been Described as 'the perfect setting for a Jane Austen novel', the gardens are featured in "The Good Gardens Guide" and are open to the public by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="19649676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649676" title="Le Hibou Coffee House">
Le Hibou Coffee House

Le Hibou Coffee House was an internationally known coffee house established in Ottawa, Canada, operating from 1960 to 1975.
History.
Denis Faulkner, an Ottawa francophone, was the founding owner manager from 1960 to 1968. It was during this period that Le Hibou became established as a now famous embryo of the arts. There was no arts centre at that time in the capital city. The National Arts Centre opened in 1969. Faulkner presented pocket experimental theater in French and English - some original works, poetry readings, chansonniers from Quebec, the Maritime provinces and France, children's programming, comedy, blues, jazz, rock and folk singing. His objective was to provide an environment that encouraged talent and at the same time groomed local audiences.
In 1965, Faulkner, along with friend and Ottawa architect Matt Stankiewicz, selected and converted a larger site at 521 Sussex Drive to what is now most popularly known as the location of Le Hibou. This heritage building was owned by the National Capital Commission. Le Hibou was not independently wealthy and relied on the Ottawa community to be involved in the experiment. The National Capital Commission was a major contributor to the club through charging below market rent. The Commission's vision was linked to fostering the development of the Byward Market as the hub of Ottawa night life. required Le Hibou and several original boutiques set the concept in motion. Stankovicz and Faulkner converted an unoccupied warehouse to a friendly cafe with high ceilings and excellent acoustics. They kept the original tin engraved ceilings and brick interior walls. They lined another wall with floor to ceiling roughly finished BC fir, which inhibited sound echo.
Another important contributor to the support of Le Hibou was the Canada Council for the Arts, which subsidized the seminal poetry reading series of Canadian poets. This programme was masterminded by poet Harry Howith, a Le Hibou founding member. Lineups were blocks long, but the then Bank Street venue could only hold about 60 people.
Le Hibou relied primarily on admission charges to cover the costs of the theatre, comedy and music programmes, although some presentations were sponsored by the CBC (radio and television) - especially for local jazz groups. Posters advertising events were in themselves works of art - created by local established graphic artists at no charge. The famous owl logo was created by Frank Mayers. Other poster ads were frequently created by artists Chris Wells, the Rosewarns, David Sutherland, Georges de Niverville, James Boyd and Dennis Pike. Le Hibou served food during the day and, for after hours jazz programmes, both food and alcohol. Many Canadian and international folk, blues and jazz artists, anglophone and francophone, developed their reputations through appearances at Le Hibou. Actor Dan Aykroyd, a regular at Le Hibou, said he jammed with Muddy Waters before he moved to New York City as an original cast member of the TV program Saturday Night Live. 
Le Hibou closed in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19649693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649693" title="Algodres (Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo)">
Algodres (Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo)

Algodres is a Portuguese civil parish ("freguesia") in the municipality of Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo, district of Guarda. It has a population of 352 (2001) and an area of 32.16 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19649697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649697" title="Playground (disambiguation)">
Playground (disambiguation)

A playground is an area designed for children to play.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19649701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649701" title="Point d'appui">
Point d'appui

A point d'appui (French for fulcrum), in military theory, is a location where troops are assembled prior to a battle. Often a monument is erected to commemorate the point d'appui for notable battles. In some battles there may be more than a single point d'appui.
Examples.
In Scotland, the Catto Long Barrow is located at the point d'appui of a historic battle between Vikings and Picts in eastern Aberdeenshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19649711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649711" title="Greenpoint Reformed Church">
Greenpoint Reformed Church

Greenpoint Reformed Church is a Reformed Church in America church at 136 Milton Street in the Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York. As of March 2012, it had a congregation of 80 people. 
Its fireplace tilework includes historic porcelain plaques depicting Robert Fulton and Robert Livingston. According to a curator at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Union Porcelain Factory in Greenpoint probably manufactured the plaques in the 1870s. The congregation has used the current building since it purchased it in 1942. 
The Reverend Ann Kansfield has been one of the church's pastors since 2003. Her partner the Rev. Jennifer Aull has been co-pastor since 2006. Kansfield and Aull were cofounders of the group Room For All. 
The church hosts a dinner and soup kitchen for its local community. The church's food pantry program began in October 2007; it offers groceries to individuals and families, most of whom live in northern Brooklyn. A homeless shelter briefly opened at Greenpoint Reformed Church in November 2012, but a few months later moved to another neighborhood church.

</doc>
<doc id="19649722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649722" title="Zambezi Zinger">
Zambezi Zinger

Zambezi Zinger opened in 1973 as one of Worlds of Fun's original roller coasters. The ride stood for 25 seasons at Worlds of Fun, making it the longest-standing coaster in the park's history. As of 2014 Timber Wolf (currently 24 years old) will be longest standing rollercoaster in the park history. 
The roller coaster is now located in Colombian National Coffee Park, Montenegro, Quindio, Colombia, and is known as Broca. It is one of only two Schwarzkopf Speed Racer models still in operation today; the other is Whizzer at Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois. The site where Zambezi Zinger once stood is now occupied by Boomerang and the Haunt attraction Doll Factory. The ride was unusual as it did not have seatbelts or any lap bar restraint.
Ride Experience.
After loading into your train, in an African themed station, the ride propelled you outward into a 167 degree right turn to the lift hill. The lift hill was unusual, as it spiraled in an upward, left-handed helix, rather than the typical straight section found on most roller coasters. At the top of the lift was a drop past the exit station and storage tracks, followed by another climb upward into a swooping left turn, sending you back toward the lift hill for a fly-by. A steep drop to the left sent you into the thick of the forest, as the track twisted upward again past the Worlds of Fun Railroad trestle. A short drop and hop up into the start of a large sweeping 730 degree series of spiral left turns. The ride gave you brief last breath before being plunged into a seemingly endless underground tunnel, before being hurled out, up, and onto the brakes.
Trains.
There were five trains, each with three cars. Riders were arranged inline (tandem) in three rows per car (maximum two riders per row), for a maximum of 18 riders per train. With five-train operation, the capacity of the roller coaster was 1400 riders per hour.
HOWEVER: if a parent had 2 small children, all 3 could ride in the same row.

</doc>
<doc id="19649728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649728" title="Cangyuan Va Autonomous County">
Cangyuan Va Autonomous County

Cangyuan Va Autonomous County (沧源佤族自治县; pinyin: Cāngyuán wǎzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19649782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649782" title="Algodres">
Algodres

Algodres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19649807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649807" title="Emily McPherson College of Domestic Economy">
Emily McPherson College of Domestic Economy

The Emily McPherson College of Domestic Economy was an Australian domestic science college for women, in Melbourne, Victoria.
It was officially opened on 27 April 1927 by Her Royal Highness Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, the Duchess of York, later Elizabeth, Queen Consort, and then the Queen Mother. On 30 June 1979 it became part of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology and is known as Building 13 (Emily McPherson College).
History of the College.
During the 1920s, Melbourne businessman Sir William McPherson donated £25,000 (≈A$1.5 million today) towards the establishment of a college of domestic science exclusively for women; which was later named in honour of his wife Lady Emily McPherson.
The building opened in 1927, and was designed by then state architect Evan Smith, in simplified Neo-Grec architecture and Beaux-Arts style. The Ethel Osborne Wing opened in 1950, and was designed by then state architect Percy Everett.
Opening.
The College, on the corner of Russell Street and Victoria Street adjacent to the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, was officially opened on 27 April 1927 by Her Royal Highness Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, the Duchess of York, during a royal visit to Australia by her and her husband, His Royal Highness Prince Albert, the Duke of York, later King George VI.
The Age newspaper later estimated that a crowd of 5,000 people and dignitaries gathered outside the new College, with a guard of honour formed by students from schools as far afield as Ballarat and Bendigo, to witness the Duchess officially open the College with a gold key and unveil a commemorative plaque and bust of Lady McPherson:
Dr Ethel Osborne, who had invited the Duchess to open the College, then presented her with the first diploma issued by the College stating that the Duchess "had set all Australians an example of home life". Upon accepting the diploma, the Duchess thanked Dr Osborne and said "it will always be a delightful memento but one of which I am afraid I am not worthy!".
Present college building.
On 30 June 1979, the college was amalgamated with the nearby expanding Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT). Today, it remains a part of the RMIT City campus, and has been refurbished to house the RMIT Graduate School of Business.
The building is registered as "significant" and a "notable building" with the Victorian Heritage Register and the National Trust of Australia.
References.
Texts:
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19649837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649837" title="Battle of Porto Bello">
Battle of Porto Bello

The Battle of Porto Bello, or the Battle of Portobello, was a 1739 battle between a British naval force aiming to capture the settlement of Portobello in Panama, and its Spanish defenders. It took place during the War of the Austrian Succession, in the early stages of the war sometimes known as the War of Jenkins' Ear. It resulted in a popularly acclaimed British victory. 
Background.
The settlement of Portobello was an important port on the Spanish Main. Following the failure of an earlier British naval blockade to prevent a fully laden treasure fleet sailing to Spain from Porto Bello in 1727, an action in which he had taken part, the then Vice Admiral Edward Vernon repeatedly claimed he could capture it with just six ships. Following his appointment to command the Jamaica Station, Vernon organised an expedition with just six ships, despite criticism that this was far too few. Vernon was a strong advocate for using small squadrons of powerfully armed warships hitting hard and moving fast rather than larger slower-moving expeditions that were prone to heavy losses through disease.
Battle.
Vernon's force appeared off Portobello on 20 November 1739. The British ships entered the bay prepared for a general attack, but a wind coming from the east obliged Vernon to concentrate his ships on the Todo Fierro harbour fort. The Spanish garrison was caught unprepared. When some Spaniards began to flee from several parts of the fort, several landing parties were sent inshore. The British sailors and marines scaled the walls of the fort, struck the Spanish colours in the lower battery and hoisted an English ensign. The Spaniards surrendered then at discretion. Of the 300-man Spanish garrison, only 40 soldiers led by Lieutenant Don Juan Francisco Garganta had remained in the fort.
Once captured Todo Fierro, Vernon shifted his ships against Santiago Fortress, sinking a Spanish sloop and causing other damages. At dawn on the following morning, the Spaniards requested terms. Governor Francisco Javier Martínez de la Vega y Retes surrendered at the afternoon. Portobello was occupied by the British at the cost of three dead and seven injured. Three prizes were taken: an armed snow which was renamed "Triumph" and two coastguards of 20 guns each one. The British occupied the town for three weeks, destroying the fortress and other key buildings and ending the settlement's main function as a major Spanish maritime base, before withdrawing.
Legacy.
The capture of Porto Bello was welcomed as an exceptionally popular triumph throughout Britain and America, and the name of Portobello came to be used in commemoration at a variety of locations, such as the Portobello Road in London, the Portobello district of Edinburgh and also in Dublin; as well as Porto Bello in Virginia. The victory was particularly well received in America, where the Spanish had been preying on British shipping.
Admiral Vernon became a popular hero, and was himself commemorated in several places, perhaps most famously Mount Vernon, later the estate of George Washington. He was promoted to the rank of Admiral. Vernon was a notable opponent of the British government, and in the wake of the victory, as well as prior to the expedition, he was one of the advocates of a more belligerent approach towards Britain's enemies. The British Prime Minister Robert Walpole was placed under great pressure by the Opposition to launch similar raids along the Spanish coast.
Although British control lasted just three weeks the effect on Porto Bello was devastating; it was largely abandoned due to a complete re-organisation of Spanish trading practices designed to make them less vulnerable. The economy of the town did not recover fully until the construction of the Panama Canal nearly two centuries later.

</doc>
<doc id="19649842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649842" title="Algodres (Fornos de Algodres)">
Algodres (Fornos de Algodres)

Algodres is a Portuguese civil parish ("freguesia") in the municipality of Fornos de Algodres, district of Guarda. It has a population of 450 (2001) and an area of 10.22 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19649849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649849" title="Ribnjak, Zagreb">
Ribnjak, Zagreb

Ribnjak () is a neighborhood in the Gornji Grad - Medveščak district of Zagreb, Croatia, directly east of the Zagreb Cathedral. According to the 2001 census, the neighborhood has 2,956 inhabitants. In 2009, the population was 1,770. It is centered mainly around its main north-south thoroughfare, the Ribnjak Street.
ZET tram tracks in the Ribnjak Road pass through the neighborhood, carrying lines 8 and 14. A tram station is located on the Grškovićeva and Ribnjak intersection in the northern part of the neighborhood. The southern part is served by the Draškovićeva Street tram transfer station. The neighborhood is also served by bus routes 106, 201, 226 and 238. All routes pass through Zvonarnička and Degenova Street, delineating the north border of the neighborhood.
Ribnjak Park.
The Ribnjak Park is situated on the west side of Ribnjak Street at . Located five minutes of walk away from Ban Jelačić Square, the park comprises the western part of the neighborhood. It is also the location of Youth Center Ribnjak and the Purgeraj club.
The park had been a part of the city fortification since the 15th century, but it was projected in its current form and built in 1830 by Zagreb bishop Aleksandar Alagović and architect Leopold Klingspogle. The park was named after the fishponds in the area (). However, since late 19th century, parts of the park have been slowly chipped away to make way for new buildings and infrastructure, such as the widening of Ribnjak Street. From 14th century on, the size of ponds had continuously been artificially decreased, until the last pond (in the southern end) was filled and paved over to make way for Josip Lang Square in 1870. Until 1946 the park had been private property of the Zagreb archdiocese. After the World War II it was expanded and opened for public, becoming a prime location in the heart of Zagreb.
Although a beautiful tourist attraction during the day, after dusk the park turns into a youth site for binge drinking and gang violence. After a murder of member of a violent football fan faction committed in April 2008, and an announced bloody retaliation by the murdered fan's gang, the City of Zagreb announced it will hire wardens to patrol the park 24 hours a day.
The Ribnjak Park is also site of the yearly festival Park-in-Zagreb. In 2008, the festival lasted two weeks and hosted many well-known Croatian bands such as The Beat Fleet and Psihomodo Pop.

</doc>
<doc id="19649895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649895" title="Gengma Dai and Va Autonomous County">
Gengma Dai and Va Autonomous County

Gengma Dai and Va Autonomous County (耿马傣族佤族自治县; pinyin: Gěngmǎ dǎizú wǎzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19649909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649909" title="Chrysolina americana">
Chrysolina americana

Chrysolina americana, common name Rosemary Beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.
Description.
"Chrysolina americana" can reach a length of . They have colourful elytra with metallic green and purple longitudinal stripes. The wings are quite short, so these beetles can not fly.
This species feeds on various aromatic Lamiaceae, mainly on rosemary ("Rosmarinus officinalis") (hence the common name), lavender ("Lavandula") and thyme ("Thymus").
In the Mediterranean region females lay their eggs in late summer on the leaves of the host plants. The larvae show whitish to blackish bands. Larval development continues during the winter months. The pupal stage lasts about three weeks. The imago is released in the spring.
Distribution.
Despite the species name "americana", this leaf beetle is native and common to eastern Europe and the Mediterranean sub-region.
Introduction to the United Kingdom.
This species was first discovered living outdoors in the United Kingdom in 1994. By 2002 it had become widespread in the London area, and spreading rapidly throughout. Although it is susceptible to some pesticides, it is usually recommended that home growers pick off beetles by hand, or shake them off onto a sheet of paper to remove them, if the plant affected by them is intended for culinary purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="19649913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649913" title="Caleb Wright">
Caleb Wright

Caleb Wright (1 August 1810 – 28 April 1898) was a mill owner and Liberal politician in Lancashire, north-west England.
He was one of thirteen children of William Wright, bookmaker of Tyldesley, near Manchester. At the age of nine he began work as a "piecer" in a local cotton mill. The only education he received was by attending night schools. At the age of fifteen he became a spinner, and rose to become manager of the mill in 1830. In 1841 he became manager of Ormerod and Hardcastles Mill, Bolton.
In 1845 he established his own cotton-spinning business in partnership with Henry Barton. In 1855 the partnership was dissolved, and Caleb Wright and Company, Barnfield Mills, Tyldesley, established.
Wright was a Unitarian, a member of the congregation at Chowbent Chapel where he succeeded his father as organist. 
Wright became involved in Liberal politics, and was chairman of Tyldesley Local Board and president of the local Mechanics' Institute. In the 1885 general election Caleb Wright was invited to stand as the candidate for the newly created Leigh division by the Liberal party. His Tory opponent was Lees Knowles who polled 3,725 votes as against 4,261 for Wright. He was elected as the first member of parliament for the new constituency of Leigh. He was re-elected at the next two general elections, before retiring from parliament in 1895. Politically Wright was an advanced radical, and supported both Home Rule for Ireland and women's suffrage. He was also a member of the Liberation Society which sought the disestablishment of the Church of England.
Caleb Wright died at his home, Lower Oak, in Shakerley, Tyldesley in 1898 aged 87. He was a Unitarian and is buried at Chowbent Chapel.
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19649916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649916" title="Traverse (magazine)">
Traverse (magazine)

"Traverse, Northern Michigan's Magazine" is a monthly magazine about life in Northern Michigan including Petoskey, Mackinac Island, Harbor Springs, Frankfort, Traverse City, Leelanau County, the Upper Peninsula, and more. Founded in June, 1981, Traverse has 23,000 subscribers throughout the country and sells 8,000 copies on newsstands throughout the Midwest. Four-color photography and articles on nature, food, wine, restaurants, recreation, events, essays, history and lifestyle of Northern Michigan. Other magazines produced by the staff of Traverse include Northern Home & Cottage, MyNorth Vacation Guide, MyNorth Wedding, Meetings North, Senior Living, Holidays Up North and more. Books published include The Cottage Cookbook, and Reflections of a Life Up North.

</doc>
<doc id="19649921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649921" title="North American Computational Linguistics Olympiad">
North American Computational Linguistics Olympiad

The North American Computational Linguistics Olympiad (NACLO) is a linguistics competition for high school students in the United States and Canada that has been held since 2007. Around 1000 students participate annually. Since 2008 the contest has consisted of two rounds, the second being administered to the top scorers in the first round. The top-scoring students on the second round qualify for the International Linguistics Olympiad (ILO), one of the international science olympiads.
History.
Since the mid-1960s, problem-solving competitions in linguistics for secondary school students have been taking place at various locations around the world. In Russia, the Moscow and St Petersburg Linguistic Olympiads are credited with inspiring hundreds of young talented scholars to choose linguistics as an academic major and profession. Presently there are national contests in Europe, Asia, South America, Australia and Africa, as well as North America. NACLO is part of a consortium that shares resources with other English-speaking contests such as the United Kingdom Linguistics Olympiad, OzCLO (Australia) and the All-Ireland Linguistics Olympiad. There is also an International Linguistic Olympiad in which students from many countries compete, as well as dozens of local competitions held in individual towns and schools across Europe and the USA.
In 1998 the first US Linguistics Olympiad was held at the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon, in 1998. 18 students participated the first year, 88 participated the second year, and 67 participated the third year of this local pilot program. From 2001 to 2006, the program existed as an informal, web-based educational activity known as the Linguistics Challenge.
The two US teams in each year won several awards at the ILO in 2007 and 2008. Each year, one of the two US teams won a gold medal (or first diploma) in the team contest. In addition, several team members won individual medals.
Format.
The format of the contest changed significantly between 2007 and 2008. The 2007 contest consisted of eight problems given in a single round open to all participants. The 2008 competition consisted of two rounds. The first round was open to all contestants and consisted of a three-hour, five-problem written examination. The top scorers on the open round advanced to the invitational round, which was a five-hour, seven-problem written examination divided into two parts; the first part lasted 3 and a half hours and contained five problems, while the second part lasted one and a half hour and contained two problems. The top eight scorers from the invitational round were selected to participate in the ILO. The booklets with problems and solutions are available on the main NACLO website.
ILO qualifiers.
From 2007 to 2010 the USA sent two teams annually to the ILO.
In 2011 the USA sent three teams, and Canada also sent a team.
In 2012, the USA sent two teams, and Canada also sent a team.
In 2013, the USA sent two teams, and Canada also sent a team.

</doc>
<doc id="19649948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649948" title="Downtown Journal">
Downtown Journal

Downtown Journal, founded during the 1970s as a print newspaper, is an online and print newspaper serving Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States. The paper covers the Minneapolis Mill District, Loring Park, North Loop, Elliot Park and the Mississippi riverfront.
Minnesota Premier Publications Inc., its parent company, acquired the paper as the "Skyway News" in 2001 and renamed it "Downtown Journal" in September 2005. MPP also publishes "Southwest Journal", "Minnesota Parent" and "Minnesota Good Age". In April 2007, MPP redesigned its Web sites to concentrate more on online news. and in July of that year the "Downtown Journal" became a biweekly in print.

</doc>
<doc id="19649984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649984" title="MD6">
MD6

The MD6 Message-Digest Algorithm is a cryptographic hash function. It uses a Merkle tree-like structure to allow for immense parallel computation of hashes for very long inputs. Authors claim a performance of 28 cycles per byte for MD6-256 on an Intel Core 2 Duo and provable resistance against differential cryptanalysis.
Speeds in excess of 1 GB/s have been reported to be possible for long messages on 16-core CPU architecture.
The design of Merkle tree is based on the claims from Intel describing the future of hardware processors with tens and thousands of cores instead of the conventional uni-core systems. With this in mind, Merkle tree hash structures exploit full potential of such hardware while being appropriate for current uni/dual core architectures.
In December 2008, Douglas Held of Fortify Software discovered a buffer overflow in the original MD6 hash algorithm's reference implementation. This error was later made public by professor Ron Rivest on 19 February 2009, with a release of a corrected reference implementation in advance of the Fortify Report.
MD6 was submitted to the NIST SHA-3 competition. However, on July 1, 2009, Rivest posted a comment at NIST that MD6 is not yet ready to be a candidate for SHA-3 because of speed issues, a "gap in the proof that the submitted version of MD6 is resistant to differential attacks", and an inability to supply such a proof for a faster reduced-round version, although Rivest also stated at the MD6 website that it is not withdrawn formally. MD6 did not advance to the second round of the SHA-3 competition. In September 2011, a paper presenting an improved proof that MD6 and faster reduced-round versions are resistant to differential attacks was posted to the MD6 website.
The algorithm's first known production use was in the Conficker.B worm in December 2008; the worm's authors subsequently updated Conficker with the corrected implementation once the buffer overflow vulnerability became known.

</doc>
<doc id="19649987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19649987" title="Alfieri clan">
Alfieri clan

The Alfieri clan was a Neapolitan Camorra clan operating on the north-east of Naples, with its sphere of influence in the municipalities of Saviano and Nola.
History.
The association between the two Alfieri brothers, Salvatore and Carmine was formed after their father's murder in Tore Notaio in 1952. They swore to avenge his death and three years later, in 1956, Salvatore Alfieri killed their father's murderer at the social circle of Saviano. Salvatore later lost his life after falling victim to an ambush at a restaurant in Pompeii. 
The loss of his brother and father pushed Carmine into becoming the head of the clan and to gain a position of dominance in the area of Nola. He was an important founding member of the Nuova Famiglia alliance (NF) that was formed to contrast the growing power of Raffaele Cutolo's Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) in the early eighties. The internal infighting between the Casalesi and Nuvoletta clans eventually culminated in the massacre at Torre Annunziata on August 26, 1984, when at least 14 people on board a bus and two cars entered the circle of fishermen and opened fire, killing 7 persons belonging to the Gionta clan and wounding 7 others. 
After the defeat of the NCO, the clan became extremely powerful at an increasing pace that continued into the late 1980s. In the mid-1980s, the Alfieri clan expanded its hegemony in the province of Naples in different directions towards Pomigliano d'Arco, Agro Nocerino Sarcese along the coastline between Castellamere di Stabia and Torre Annunziata and into the Vesuvius area in the municipalities of Somma Vesuviana, Sant'Anastasia and Volla. 
He also made new alliances with the Galasso clan from Poggiomarino, Anastasio clan from Sant'Anastasia, Moccia clan from Afragola, Vangone-Limelli clan from Torre Annunziata and other emerging personalities such as Fernando Cesarano and Luigi Muollo from Castellamere di Stabia, Biagio Cava from Quindici, Ciro D'Auria from Sant'Antonio Abate and Angelo Lisciano from Boscoreale. 
In 1993, after his power was undermined by the testimony of his former ally Pasquale Galasso, Carmine Alfieri himself became a pentito and went on to make devastating revelations against various Camorra clans and figures as well as various local politicians. In 2002 and 2004, his son and brother, Antonio and Francesco were murdered due to his collaboration with the authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19650003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650003" title="The Good Gardens Guide">
The Good Gardens Guide

The Good Gardens Guide (sometimes subtitled "The Essential Independent Guide to the 1200 Best Gardens, Parks and Green Spaces in Britain, Ireland and the Channel Islands") is a guide to the best gardens in the British Isles, published annually. Some of the gardens featured are not usually open to the public, and are only open by prior appointment with the owner.
Gardener and garden writer Alan Titchmarsh endorsed the book, stating "I never go anywhere without it."

</doc>
<doc id="19650017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650017" title="Claude E. Robinson">
Claude E. Robinson

Claude E. Robinson (1900–1961) was an American pioneer in advertising research and opinion survey research techniques. Along with George Gallup, he was instrumental in developing many scientific sampling techniques that were later used in Gallup polls and other public opinion research surveys.
Life.
Claude Robinson was born in Portland, Oregon in 1900, the son of a teacher. He left high school to join the Army during World War I but later returned to Oregon to work his way through the University of Oregon where he won the Phi Beta Kappa key. He received M.A. and Ph.D. degrees in sociology from Columbia University.
In 1929, while still a student at Columbia, Robinson filed for Patent #1961170, an invention for recording the tuning of individual radio sets for what he imagined would be a ratings industry. This invention would record what a radio was tuned to, when it was turned on, and the length of time turned on. Further, the object of the invention would provide for scientifically measuring broadcast listener response over a selected period of time. Robinson sold his patent to RCA. Eventually, A.C. Nielsen developed the AudiMeter, or PeopleMeter, on which the Nielsen rating system was founded. The A.C. Nielsen Company continues to measure and compile statistics on television audiences and their viewing habits.
In 1932, Robinson published 'Straw Votes, a Study of Political Prediction', a pioneering book on scientific polling that was based on his doctoral dissertation.
Robinson was the Associate Director of the American Institute of Public Opinion, later called Gallup polls.
In 1938, he organized Opinion Research Corporation (ORC) that provides survey and market research services for public and private enterprises. In 1948, with George Gallup, he founded Gallup and Robinson, Inc., an advertising research company.
In 1945, the National Association of Public Relations Council presented Robinson with an award. He was considered to have made the greatest contribution during that year, through public relations, to the national welfare.
In 1960, Robinson served as the chief pollster for Vice-President Richard M. Nixon's unsuccessful presidential campaign against Senator John F. Kennedy. A few days after the election Kennedy and Nixon met in Florida. When Kennedy asked Nixon to rate Robinson's performance as his pollster, Nixon told Kennedy that Robinson's "polls in individual states were almost miraculously accurate." (Nixon, p. 483)
Study of American capitalism.
Claude E. Robinson made important contributions to the study of American capitalism. He chaired the Princeton University panel — Center for the Study and Teaching of Principles of American Capitalism.
He also served as a trustee of the Committee for Economic Development and the Foundation for Economic Education.
His book "Understanding Profits" was published posthumously in 1961.
Claude E. Robinson died on August 7, 1961, from hepatitis following a cancer operation.
Books.
"Straw Votes: A Study of Political Prediction", by Claude E. Robinson, Robert E. Chaddock, Columbia University Council for Research in the Social Sciences; Columbia University Press, 1932. 210
"Understanding Profits" (Library of American Capitalism) by Claude E. Robinson (Author), Publisher: Van Nostrand (1961)

</doc>
<doc id="19650033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650033" title="Pyramid Power (game)">
Pyramid Power (game)

Pyramid Power is a tile game, where the goal is to score points by placing triangle-shaped tiles next to other triangle-shaped tiles so that the colors on the touching faces match. Doing so scores the player points. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008 and is one of three games in their Brain-Ade line of quick puzzle games and features both multiplayer and solitaire versions.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to play all of the tiles in your hand and score the most points. Players start by choosing one player to keep score. The 36 tiles are placed face down and shuffled, then each player draw a hand of tiles based on the number of players (7 tiles for 2 players, 6 for 3 players, and 5 for 4 players). The tiles are then flipped face up. Players must keep the tiles in their hand face up, but are allowed to stack their tiles so other players can only see the top-most tile. Players can look at the tiles in their hand at any time. The remaining undrawn pyramids are placed aside. One pyramid is drawn from these tiles and placed face-up in the middle of the play area as a start tile. Players choose a start player and that player chooses one pyramid from his stack and places it in play adjacent to another pyramid do that the adjacent side colors match. Doing so earns the player the number of points shown on the pyramid placed. Players may not "straddle" two pyramids by placing a tile so that one side is adjacent to two pyramids, but can place a tile so that two or more sides are adjacent to two or more aides of other pyramids as long as the colors of the adjacent sides all match. Doing so scores the player the points for the pyramid placed and all adjacent pyramids.
If a player is unable to play any pyramid in their hand, they must draw one from the face down supply and turn it face up. They then check to see if it can be played immediately anywhere on the board. If it can be played, it must be played. If it cannot be played, the tile is placed face up next to the players hand and can be played on a later turn instead of playing a tile from that players hand. Additionally, there is a wild pyramid that can be played and match any color on all sides, but is worth zero points. If a player has the wild pyramid in hand and cannot play any other pyramid, they must play the wild.
The game ends when one player plays the last pyramid in their hand. That play scores a bonus equal to the point values of all remaining tiles in his opponents' hands. If the face down supply runs out before any player's hand does, the player with the fewest remaining tiles in hand scores 25 points (but does not score for tiles in opponents' hands. If there is a tie for fewest, the player with the lowest score gets the bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="19650041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650041" title="Reinaldo Ventura">
Reinaldo Ventura

Reinaldo Miguel Silva Ventura (born Vila Nova de Gaia, 26 May 1978) is a Portuguese roller hockey player. He plays as a midfielder and as a forward, being a prolific goalscorer, both for FC Porto and formerly for Portugal.
He is a leading name for FC Porto, who has won 12 titles of National Champion and 7 Cups of Portugal. 
He was a main player for Portugal, from 1997 to 2012. He was a member of the squad that won the Rink Hockey World Championship, in 2003. Ventura was the captain at the 2008 Rink Hockey European Championship, where Portugal was runners-up. He was again the captain at the 2009 Rink Hockey World Championship, winning this time the 3rd place, and at the 2010 Rink Hockey European Championship, lost to Spain in the final by 8-2. He left the National Team after the 2012 CERH European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19650059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650059" title="Athenahealth">
Athenahealth

athenahealth, Inc. is a publicly traded American company that provides physician practices with online practice management and electronic medical record services, combined with medical billing and other healthcare business services. The company was founded in 1997 in San Diego, California, and today is headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts, with operational sites in Belfast, Maine; Rome, Georgia; Alpharetta, Georgia; and Chennai, India.
History.
In 1997, athenahealth cofounders Jonathan Bush and Todd Park started a women's health and birthing practice in San Diego, California, called Athena Healthcare. Unprepared for how difficult it would be to get reimbursed by insurance companies, they soon faced serious cash flow problems. After searching unsuccessfully for an existing EMR and practice management solution to meet their needs, they decided to form athenahealth, Inc. in order to create their own product. Enlisting the help of Todd's brother, software developer Ed Park, they began to develop an EMR and financial revenue cycle system with a "rules engine" of dynamic billing rules data.
In 2000, athenahealth introduced athenaCollector, their physician billing and practice management service. In 2006, it launched athenaClinicals, touted as the "first economically sustainable, service-based" electronic medical records (EMR) system. And in August 2008, it announced the acquisition of MedicalMessaging.net.
athenahealth also entered the area of healthcare reform in 2006, working with Physician's Practice Journal to provide an industry report card for the major insurance companies in the United States. The annual PayerView reports cull billing statistics from athenahealth's rules engine to deliver performance analysis and insurance company rankings based on payment times, denial rates, transparency, and other metrics.
After years of rapid growth, athenahealth, Inc. announced an initial public offering of its common stock on June 22, 2007. The offering was completed on September 20, 2007, at an offering price of $18 per share. It now trades on the NASDAQ exchange under the symbol ATHN.
Key people.
The executive management team at athenahealth includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19650062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650062" title="Larry Gelwix">
Larry Gelwix

Larry Gelwix (born 1950) has been the coach of the Highland Rugby team since its founding in Salt Lake City in 1976. The movie "Forever Strong" (2008) was inspired by him and his team's history. The Highland rugby team has compiled an unrivaled winning record since its founding in 1973.
Team win/loss record.
Highland Rugby's 35-year varsity record (1976–2012) is 419 wins and 10 losses, including 19 USA Rugby national championships in the 26 years USA Rugby has sponsored a national championship. In 1998, Highland represented the United States at the World Schools Rugby Championship in Zimbabwe, Africa, which brought together the individual country high school national champions and top teams from around the world. Highland represented the USA. Highland came home with a bronze medal and a third place world finish.
Coaching principles.
Gelwix is known to be very demanding on the athletes, requiring all players to adhere to a non-negotiable honor code that includes, among other things, avoiding alcohol, tobacco and drugs. Gelwix formulated what he called the "5 Championship Strategies for Sustainable Success." These success principles focus on Horizontal Leadership; staying away from things you know are wrong; attitude and effort, W.I.N. - What's Important Now – which encourages his players to make decisions now that support what they want in the future, or "tomorrow"; and to focus on the final score of life. Gelwix encourages his players to be true to the beliefs of their own individual faith.
Personal story.
Gelwix is a native of California. He was born in Oakland, CA and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area. Gelwix graduated from Del Valle High School in Walnut Creek, CA. After attending one year at BYU, he served as a missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Central States Mission. He earned a BA and MA from Brigham Young University in Organizational Communication. He also played rugby for three years at BYU under coaches from New Zealand. He became an instructor at Church Seminary adjacent to Highland High School to earn money to pursue a doctorate at Purdue University. He became an assistant football coach during the fall season and a wrestling coach in the winter. He missed coaching in the spring, and having played rugby at BYU, decided to start a rugby team at the high school.
Gelwix left teaching seminary full-time after four years and pursued a career in the travel industry. Through a series of mergers and acquisitions, Gelwix became a co-owner of Morris Travel, which operated travel agencies throughout the western United States. Gelwix and his partners sold Morris Travel in 1995, at which time Morris had 50+ offices and over 400 employees. Following the sale of Morris Travel, Gelwix was hired as CEO of WinAir Airlines, a charter airline operating nine 737 aircraft. In 2000, Gelwix and former business partner, Mark Faldmo, formed Columbus Travel, headquartered in Bountiful, Utah. Columbus Travel has become one of the largest and most successful travel agencies in Utah and won the "Best of State" award three times as the "best travel agency in the state of Utah" and was named by Mark Travel Corporation (one of the largest tour operators in the world) as one of the "Top 10 Travel Agencies" in the country. Columbus has been awarded numerous other honors, distinctions, and citations in the travel industry.
Gelwix is best known in the Rocky Mountain area as the "Getaway Guru" and host of the syndicated "Travel Show" radio broadcast. Gelwix has been an on-air radio talk show host for 20+ years (12 years at KSL and 8 years syndicated by Clear Channel Communications). Gelwix is also the feature on the "Getaway Guru" segment broadcast weekly on KUTV channel 2, the CBS network affiliate in UT, ID, and western WY. Gelwix serves as CEO of Columbus Travel.
Gelwix has received many awards, honors, and distinctions, including the "Best of State" award as the best high school coach in the state of Utah, the "Education Service Award" from the State of Utah Department of Corrections; and the BYU "Outstanding Service" Award.
The movie "Forever Strong" was based on Coach Gelwix and the Highland Rugby Team.
Personal quotes.
Gelwix is known for his quotes, known as Gelwixisms. Among them are,
Legacy.
Bob Nilsen, who played Highland rugby under Gelwix, was formerly president of Burger King and is now co-owner of Cafe Rio restaurants. He was asked at a business meeting in Hong Kong what teacher had most affected his life. He named Gelwix. Another player, Matthew Cole, became president of Bluestreak Sports Training in Stamford, Connecticut. While playing for Highland from 1996 to 2000, he says Gelwix was his father figure after his parents' divorce. Professional pianist and composer Jon Schmidt says Gelwix is "unusual in his ability to be an influence and be an example."
Church Service.
Gelwix was interviewed by President Henry B. Eyring, First Counselor in the First Presidency, on December 1, 2010 and was called the same day to serve as a mission president for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He received his call to the Fresno, California mission in February 2011 and began service as Mission President on July 1, 2011. He currently serves there today, and continues to inspire the young (and old) individuals and couples who serve the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints within the boundaries of his mission.

</doc>
<doc id="19650073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650073" title="Sleepees">
Sleepees

Sleepees is the name of an herbal remedy for sleeplessness. Sleepees was the subject of a national recall in Canada following the news that it was adulterated with the prescription drug estazolam. Sleepees was in the news again more recently when CTV's W-5 presented a special titled, "What's in the Pill?"

</doc>
<doc id="19650076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650076" title="Shuangjiang Lahu, Va, Blang and Dai Autonomous County">
Shuangjiang Lahu, Va, Blang and Dai Autonomous County

Shuangjiang Lahu, Va, Blang and Dai Autonomous County (双江拉祜族佤族布朗族傣族自治县; pinyin: Shuāngjiāng lāhùzú wǎzú bùlǎngzú dǎizú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19650080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650080" title="Rudolf Nafziger">
Rudolf Nafziger

Rudolf Nafziger (11 August 1945 – 13 July 2008) was a German footballer who was part of the Bayern Munich team of the late-1960s. He won one cap for West Germany, in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19650084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650084" title="South Carolina Pirates">
South Carolina Pirates

The South Carolina Pirates were a professional inline hockey based in Little River, South Carolina. They are members of the Mason Dixon of the Eastern Conference of the Professional Inline Hockey Association (PIHA). Part of the 2008 PIHA Expansion, the Pirates won the Southeast Division championship in their inaugural season, making it all the way to the Eastern Conference Finals before losing to the Connecticut Blaze.
2009 season.
In 2009, the Pirates started out 4 - 0 with an undefeated record as they swept the York Typhoon. The Pirates next opponent was the Harrisburg Lunatics, who in return favor, garnered revenge for their brother franchise from the same state (the Typhoon) by sweeping the Pirates in four games.

</doc>
<doc id="19650092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650092" title="John Hays (disambiguation)">
John Hays (disambiguation)

John Hays may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650118" title="Dmitry Lesnevsky">
Dmitry Lesnevsky

Dmitry Lesnevsky (born on February 2, 1970) is a Russian producer and entrepreneur in film, television, and online media. He is a member of the Russian Academy of Motion Picture Arts, the European Film Academy, and the Academy of Russian Television.
Biography.
Dmitry Lesnevsky graduated from M. V. Lomonosov Moscow State University. 
In 1988, he finished military service in the Soviet Army.
In 1991, along with his mother, Irena Lesnevskaya, he founded REN TV, one of the first privately held independent television companies in Russia. 
Co-founder and director general of REN-TV 1997-2005.
In 2000, he founded REN-FILM production company and became its president.
In 2005, Dmitry Lesnevsky and Iren Lesnevskaya sold their shares in REN-TV to a media holding, RTL Group.
In 2006, Dmitry Lesnevsky co-founded REN Media Group, an international holding company, and became Chairman of the Management Board. 
In 2007, he launched Mini Movie International Channel, a media company with the head office in Luxembourg and branches in Moscow, Paris and Los Angeles. The company acquires and distributes independently produced short films and produces lots of original Internet content. It also holds international rights to a vast library of short films.
In 2008, REN Media Group bought the German TV network Das Vierte of NBC Universal television company. The same year, Mini Movie International Channel launched its first US-based Internet portal, minimovie.com. 
In 2007, Lesnevsky instituted the award for Best Short Film of the Year that is given at the Cannes Film Festival. 
Dmitry Lesnevsky is a member of the Russian Television Academy since 2001, of the European Film Academy since 2008 and of the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences since 2003. 
In 2002, he won the Peter the Great National Award (Russia’s highest award in the field of management) for “outstanding contribution to the development of contemporary Russian film production”. 
In 2000, he won the Best Manager of the Year Award given by the Russian Journalist Union.
In 2003, Lesnevsky produced the feature film "The Return" ("Vozvrashcheniye"), directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev. “The Return” won dozens of Russian and international awards, including the Golden Lion at the 60th Venice Film Festival and Luigi De Laurentiis’s Lion of the Future.
In 2007, he produced "The Banishment" ("Izgnanie"), another directing effort by Zvyagintsev and the winner of the Best Actor Award (Konstantin Lavronenko) at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. 
The release of “The Target”, another feature film produced by Lesnevsky and directed by Alexander Zeldovich, based on Vladimir Sorokin’s script, is planned for 2010.
Since 2007 Dmitry is the co-founder of "The New Times", an oppositional magazine created by his mother, Iren Lesnevskaya. "The New Times" is listed among the most quoted Russian magazines, and its founder, Iren Lesnevskaya, has been awarded with the National Order of the Legion of Honour. 
Dmitry Lesnevsky is married with four sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19650123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650123" title="Fan Sin Temple">
Fan Sin Temple

Fan Sin Temple, alias "Fan Sin Kung" or "Fan Sin Miu" (樊仙宮), is a temple in Hong Kong, located in Sheung Wun Yiu, Tai Po. It was declared a monument on 30 December 1999.
Fan Sin Temple is the main temple in the villages of the Sheung Wun Yiu and Ha Wun Yiu; it is the only sample of this kind in Hong Kong. 
It is uncertain that when the temple was constructed. However, according to a wooden plaque, which is hanging at the main hall of the temple, the temple has a history of over 200 years as the plagues was carved in the geng-xu year of the Qianlong in reign of Qing Dynasty (1790). 
It is commonly believed that Fan Sin Temple was built by the Ma clan to worship Fan Tai Sin Sze, the patron saint of potters.
Windows with iron frameworks were installed on four sides of the temple after World War II.
Many historic relics of the temple were destroyed after a serious fire in mid 1970s. The calligraphy and paintings above the entrance were repainted during the renovation in 1976 after the fire. There is a wooden plaque from 1970 and four commemorative stone plaques which record the restorations in 1897, 1925, 1964 and 1976 respectively.
A further restoration of the temple has recently been carried out and it is now open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19650143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650143" title="Minuscule 1143">
Minuscule 1143

Minuscule 1143 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 1035 (von Soden), also known as the "Beratinus 2", or "Codex Aureus Anthimi". It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on purple parchment, dated paleographically to the 9th century. This is one of the seven “purple codices” in the world to have survived to the present day, and one of the two known purple minuscules (Minuscule 565 is the other) written with a gold ink.
Description.
The codex contains the complete text of the four Gospels, on 420 purple parchment leaves (24 by 19 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 17 lines per page, in gold. It is written in early minuscule, but some parts of the codex in semi-uncial, and titles in uncial letters. The codex contains simple miniatures, mainly geometrical figures, without any direct Christian symbols. There are also ornaments on the metal cover.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numerals are given at the margin. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category. It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
In terms of style and age, it is comparable to the Empress Theodora's Codex.
History.
The origin of this manuscript has been and remains the subject of debates. It was found in a church of Berat, and became known after publication written by bishop of Berat “Description abrégée et historique de la sainte métropole de Belgrade, aujourd’hui Berat” (Corfu, 1868). It was examined by Pierre Batiffol.
Formerly the codex was located in a church in Berat, since 1971 it is housed in the National Archives of Albania (No. 2) at Tirana. "Codex Beratinus 2" now is registered with the UNESCO as a world treasure.

</doc>
<doc id="19650148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650148" title="Castle of Amieira do Tejo">
Castle of Amieira do Tejo

The Amieira do Tejo Castle is a Portuguese castle in the civil parish of Amieira do Tejo, municipality of Nisa, in the antique district of Portalegre, approximately 200 kilometres from the city of Lisbon
History.
In 1232, owing to a regal charter issued by King Sancho II, the dominion of the Knights Hospitaler expanded their influence into the south; the religious order expanded into the villas of Amieira, Gavião and Crato. In Crato, they carried out construction projects, to establish their institutional seat, just after the donation.
The construction of the castle in Amieira only developed a century after the Hospitalers had taken possession of the territory. Its construction was the responsibility of Álvaro Gonçalves Pereira, son of the Archbishop of Braga Gonçalo Pereira, prior of the Order of the Hospital and father of the future-"constable of the kingdom", Nuno Álvares Pereira. It was Gonçalo Pereira who had originally been responsible for transferring the Order from Leça do Bailio to Crato e Mártires (in 1356). The castle of Amieira was constructed as part of the settlement's place in the new function of the Order: to assist the travelling pilgrims. Three years following this change in roles, King Peter I visited the fortress, whose construction was already quite advanced. But, by 1362, the project had not been concluded: Álvaro Gonçalves Pereira had taken a lot of pacience in the construction and evolution of the castle, until his death in 1375.
The fortress suffered various modifications over the centuries. During the reigns of King John II and King Manuel, there were remodelling to adapt the structure to the new military requirements. Simultaneously, it served as a prison, due to its excellent construction.
Losing its military function, due to the change in the lines of defence over time, the castle fell in importance. In the 18th century, a great part of the historical structure was abandoned, and part of the fortress was adapted for civil residences. By this time, the prison tower was partially recuperated, but its military functionally was completed abandoned. 
In the 19th century, the central courtyard was converted into a local cemetery, which continued to be used in this form until the 1940s, when the DGEMN promoted the castles reconstruction. It has been listed as a National monument since 10 November 1922.
Architecture.
The castle is accessed from the Praça de Nun'Alvares, and can be reached from the EN 359 motorway, or alternately from the A6, existing from Torres Novas, IP6 until Abrantes, and the EN 118 roadway towards Nisa (exiting in Arez). The castle is found in an urban environment, isolated in a terrain with manicured gardens and space for parking. It is sited on a parcel that is relatively planar, except on the western limits where it is inclined, with houses to the north and east, while agricultural fields and orchards to the south and west.
The Castle of Amieira is the prototypical Gothic Portuguese castle. It is located on a relatively low hilltop, in a rectangular plan consisting of a walled courtyard with four towers located at its apexes. The prison block which is located in the largest of these towers, is located above the principal entrance to the fortress. In comparison to the isolated Romanesque cell blocks, the tower also served the defence of the castle, in an area that was most vulnerable. The central courtyard, which is an ample space, allows the space for placement of troops and easy movement. The castle also provides two levels of complimentary defence, as indicated in 14th century documentation: a pit (which has not survived to today), and a barbican to the rear of the fortress, that formed a secondary landing in case of siege.
Encountered by one of the towers, but outside its walls, is the Chapel of São João Baptista, which dates back to 1556 (from its doorway inscription). The interior has a vaulted decorated ceiling with, with an image of the patron saint (Saint John) and a retable from the late Renaissance period.

</doc>
<doc id="19650171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650171" title="Escott">
Escott

Escott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650194" title="Potomac Mavericks">
Potomac Mavericks

The Potomac Mavericks are a professional inline hockey team based in Chantilly, Virginia. They compete in the AIHL. The team played its first 2 seasons within the PIHA, before moving to the other Elite Professional League.
The team is currently reformulating its 2010-2011 roster. Tryouts are supposedly being announced soon. 

</doc>
<doc id="19650207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650207" title="Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis">
Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis

The Joshua snailfish, Pseudoliparis amblystomopsis is a species of snailfish, described by Anatoly Petrovich Andriashev in 1955.
In October 2008, a team of researchers from the University of Aberdeen's Oceanlab and the University of Tokyo's Ocean Research Institute discovered a shoal of "P. amblystomopsis" at a depth of in the Japan Trench. These are, to date, the deepest living fish ever recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19650227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650227" title="Agricultural Academy in Dublany">
Agricultural Academy in Dublany

Agricultural Academy in Dublany was one of the first Polish language schools of this kind. Its history dates back to 1852, when a farm in the village of Dublany (eight kilometers from the outskirts of Lwów, currently Lviv in Ukraine) was purchased by the Galicia Agricultural Society. Four years later, a private School of Village Agriculture was opened there and in 1858, the school was turned into the Agricultural College, with Leon Sapieha being the founder. In 1901 the school gained the rights of a university and was financed by the Galician authorities. However, it never received permission to issue doctorate degree, issuing only the agronomist diplomas. 
During the Polish-Ukrainian War, the Academy’s campus was destroyed and as a result, it was moved to Lwów, where in 1919 it was merged with the Lwów Polytechnic, creating Agricultural and Forestry Department. 
At the beginning of the 20th century, the campus consisted of two buildings, the main one constructed in 1888 and the laboratory complex, opened in 1900. Before World War I, it had around 1500 students, most of them from Congress Poland. Among its professors, there were such names as Stefan Dab-Biernacki, Juliusz Au and Wladyslaw Tyniecki. Most famous graduates include Stefan Alexandrowicz, Adam Brzechwa-Ajdukiewicz and Wlodzimierz Puchalski.

</doc>
<doc id="19650252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650252" title="Francis Dillon">
Francis Dillon

Francis Dillon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650261" title="Cosby Cup">
Cosby Cup

The Cosby Cup was the trophy given to the champions of the Ontario Hockey Association from its founding in 1890 until its replacement in 1899 by the John Ross Robertson Cup.
History.
The Cosby Cup was donated by businessman A. Morgan Cosby. The OHA playoffs at the time consisted of play-downs from a limited number of teams. At the start, there was Lindsay, Ottawa, Kingston Queen's University, Toronto Osgoode Hall, Toronto St. George's and Toronto Granites. These were the only teams of the OHA upon its founding, but the league started adding divisions in 1896, splitting into junior, intermediate and senior.
The Cosby Cup was awarded to the senior champions until the John Ross Robertson trophies were donated in 1899. The Cosby Cup was given permanently to Queen's University.

</doc>
<doc id="19650274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650274" title="List of FC Bayern Munich players">
List of FC Bayern Munich players

Below is a list of FC Bayern Munich players who have played 40 or more games in the Bundesliga for Bayern Munich. For all Bayern Munich players with an article, see :Category:FC Bayern Munich players, and for the current squad see the main club article. Appearances are up to date as of 15 May 2012.
List of players.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19650307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650307" title="Shubhapantuvarali">
Shubhapantuvarali

Shubhapantuvarali (pronounced , meaning "the auspicious moon") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 45th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. Todi (thaat) is the equivalent in Hindustani music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dha nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This scale uses the notes "shuddha rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Dhenuka", which is the 9th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Shubhapantuvarali" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Shubhapantuvarali".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Shubhapantuvarali".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Shubhapantuvarali's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields a "melakarta" rāgam, namely, "Chalanata". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Chalanata".

</doc>
<doc id="19650311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650311" title="Joe Krown">
Joe Krown

Joe Krown is an American keyboardist, based in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is known for his long tenure with Clarence "Gatemouth" Brown's band. As a solo artist, he has been playing in several different styles. When he plays the piano, he typically plays in the traditional New Orleans style. When he plays with his band the Joe Krown Organ Combo, the sound is jazzy and funky, and he plays the Hammond B-3 organ.
Biography.
Early years.
Krown was raised in Westbury, Long Island, New York. He started playing piano in his childhood. While attending the State University of New York at Buffalo, he discovered the Hammond organ, and soon left the University to pursue career as a professional musician. He became part of a jazz-rock band called Bellevista featuring guitarist Peter Calo that had regional success.
In the 1980s, Krown relocated to Boston, formed his own band with his then wife and played around New York and New England. He also joined Chuck Berry's back up band and toured with him on the East Coast.
Krown joined ex-Muddy Waters guitarist Luther "Guitar Junior" Johnson's band in the late 1980s. He toured and recorded two albums with Johnson during his tenure with his band.
With Gatemouth Brown.
In 1992, Krown moved to New Orleans to join Gatemouth's band, Gate's Express. From then on he held the keyboard chair of the band until Gatemouth's death in 2005. Krown recorded four albums with him, and toured across U.S. and overseas. In 1995, Gatemouth was chosen as an opening act for Eric Clapton's world tour, and Krown toured with him as a member of the band.
Solo career.
In 1998 he debuted as a solo artist. He released "Just the Piano...Just the Blues" on STR Digital Records. It was a piano solo album in strictly traditional blues and boogie woogie style.
In 1999, Krown formed the Joe Krown Organ Combo and the band released its debut album "Down & Dirty" that year. On the album, Krown showed wider range of sound playing the organ only throughout the album. Gatemouth was featured as a guest soloist on three tracks. He was also featured on four tracks on Krown's following album "Buckle Up" released in 2000.
The Organ Combo soon started to play regularly in New Orleans as well as some dates in Europe, San Francisco, and Ottawa. The band released its second album "Funk Yard" in 2002.
Apart from the Organ Combo, Krown started to play with guitarist John Fohl and harmonica/accordion player Johnny Sansone in 2000. They played traditional blues with Krown on piano, and Fohl and Sansone sharing the vocal duties. This trio Sansone, Krown & Fohl released a self-titled album from Sansone's label ShortStack Records in 2004.
Krown's other projects include Joe Krown's Swing Band which he started in 2003, Joe Krown Trio a collaboration with his Organ Combo band mates Brint Anderson and Mike Barras which lead to the album "Old Friends" (2007), and another trio Krown, Washington, Batiste (teaming up with Walter "Wolfman" Washington on guitar and vocals and Russell Batiste, Jr. on drums) who started to play at Maple Leaf Bar in 2007. Krown has also worked as a member of funk band Juice appearing on their live album "Hey Buddy" in 2005.
In the fall of 2007, Joe was chosen as one of the featured acts in the 'Solid Blues' package tour with Mavis Staples, Charlie Musselwhite, and The North Mississippi All-Stars covering 38 cities in the U.S.
Krown's latest effort is "Live at the Maple Leaf" (2008), his first live album with the Krown, Washington, Batiste trio.

</doc>
<doc id="19650315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650315" title="Zombie bank">
Zombie bank

A zombie bank is a financial institution that has an economic net worth less than zero but continues to operate because its ability to repay its debts is shored up by implicit or explicit government credit support. The term was first used by Edward Kane in 1987 to explain the dangers of tolerating a large number of insolvent savings and loan associations and applied to the emerging Japanese crisis in 1993. A zombie can continue to operate and even to grow as long as creditors remain confident in the relevant government's ability to extract the funds needed to back up its promises from current or future taxpayers. But when this ability seems doubtful, zombie institutions face runs by uninsured depositors and margin calls from counterparties in derivatives transactions.
Etymology.
In an article published in the Mar/Apr 1992 issue of "Society" entitled "The Savings and Loan Insurance Mess," Professor Kane expanded on the source of the analogy. "Although the Savings and Loan (S&L) debacle is extremely complex," Kane wrote, "simple-minded cartoons and horror movies can illustrate how the S&L insurance fund turned into such a mess...(i)n movies such as George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead, corpses climb out of their graves and walk around hunting for food. They are hungry for only one thing--human flesh. As soon as these living-dead "zombies" feed on another human, the human quickly dies and becomes a zombie too. Many S&Ls have, for some time, been zombie institutions. These institutions were insolvent in the sense that their assets had fallen below the level at which they could cover their deposit debt. These zombie S&Ls were able to survive only because they could feed off taxpayers through the device of government-guaranteed federal deposit insurance."
Tyler Cowen, a professor of economics at George Mason University, wrote for the "New York Times" in April 2011 that "If enough depositors fear frozen accounts, the banks will be emptied out, and they also will require additional government bailouts, on top of the bailouts for the bad real estate loans. The banks come to resemble empty shells, conduits for public aid but shrinking and unprofitable as businesses — and, to a large extent, that is already the case in Ireland. Portugal is moving in this same direction, toward being a land inhabited by zombie banks. It’s the zombie banks that doom the current European bailout plans."

</doc>
<doc id="19650317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650317" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay

The men's 4 x 100 metres relay event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. It was the third appearance of this event. The competition was held on Saturday, July 12, 1924 and on Sunday, July 13, 1924. 
As for all other events the track was 500 metres in circumference.
Sixty runners from 15 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat the team of the Great Britain set a new world record with 42.0 seconds. This record was equalized in the third heat by the team of the Netherlands. In the sixth heat the American team bettered the world record with a time of 41.2 seconds. On the next day they improved their own record to 41.0 seconds.
Results.
Round 1.
The heats were held on Saturday, July 12, 1924. The top two in each heat qualified for the semi-finals.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
The semifinals were held on Sunday, July 13, 1924. The top three in each heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
The final was held on Sunday, July 13, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19650323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650323" title="Solyndra">
Solyndra

Solyndra was a manufacturer of cylindrical panels of copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS) thin-film solar cells based in Fremont, California. Although the company was once touted for its unusual technology, plummeting silicon prices led to the company's being unable to compete with more conventional solar panels. On 1 September 2011, the company ceased all business activity, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, and laid off all employees, costing taxpayers over $500 million. The company is also being sued by employees who were abruptly laid off.
Technology.
Solyndra designed, manufactured, and sold solar photovoltaic (PV) systems composed of panels and mounting hardware for large, low-slope commercial rooftops. The panels perform optimally when mounted horizontally and packed closely together, the company claimed, covering significantly more of the typically available roof area and producing more electricity per rooftop on an annual basis than a conventional panel installation.
The solar panels developed by the company were claimed to be unlike any other product ever tried in the industry. The panels were made of racks of cylindrical tubes (also called tubular solar panels), as opposed to traditional flat panels. Solyndra rolled its CIGS thin films into a cylindrical shape and placed 40 of them in each 1-meter-by-2-meter panel. Solyndra designers thought the cylindrical solar panels absorbed energy from any direction (direct, indirect, and reflected light).
Each Solyndra cylinder, one inch in diameter, is made up of two tubes. The company used equipment it had developed to deposit CIGS on the outside of the inner tube, which includes up to 200 CIGS cells. On top of the CIGS material, it added an "optical coupling agent", which concentrates the sunlight that shines through the outer tube. After inserting the inner tube into the outer tube, each cylinder is sealed with glass and metal to exclude moisture, which erodes CIGS's performance. The hermetic sealing technology is commonly used in fluorescent lamps.
When combined with a white roof (the fastest growing segment of the commercial roof industry with over 1 billion square feet installed in 2008 and required for any new commercial construction in California), the company claimed that systems that employ the panels on a given rooftop could produce significantly more electricity in a given year. It was thought that on a white roof, the panels can capture up to 20% more light than a black roof. (Note: it is difficult to cite a specific reference for this because the exact gain depends on the latitude of the installation (i.e. sun angle). Solyndra's on-line energy modeling tool allowed designers to specify the roof albedo, and energy output varied as a function of albedo. Twenty percent is cited as typical figure and was validated by careful testing and modeling by the Fraunhofer Institute, among others. However, this report is not available on-line.)
The other advantage claimed by the company was that the panels did not have to move to track the Sun. The panels are always presenting some of their face directly perpendicular to the Sun. The daily production of flat solar panels has an output curve that has a clear peak while Solyndra claimed their system produced more power throughout the day.
The Solyndra panels allow wind to blow through them. According to the company, these factors enable the installation of PV on a broader range of rooftops without anchoring or ballast, which are inherently problematic. Solyndra claimed that wind and snow loads are negligible and that its panels are lighter in weight per area.
The company claimed the cells themselves convert 12 to 14 percent of sunlight into electricity, an efficiency better than competing CIGS thin-film technologies. However, these efficiencies are for the cells laid flat. The company did not post any numbers about performance when the cells are rolled up. The Solyndra 100/200 spec sheet doesn't mention the cells or the panel efficiencies directly. However, calculating from the data provided shows the high-end 210 panel has a field efficiency of about 8.5%.
In 2006, Solyndra began deploying demonstration systems globally. The company stated the total count was 14 systems and that these systems were each instrumented with sensitive radiation, wind speed, temperature, and humidity measurement devices to aid in the development of energy yield forecasting software tools. The company's website claimed there were more than 1,000 Solyndra systems installed around the world, representing 100 megawatts of power.
Management and investors.
Solyndra was led by Brian Harrison, a veteran of Intel Corporation. He took the reins on 27 July 2010 when founder Chris Gronet was replaced as CEO.
Major investors included George Kaiser Family Foundation, U.S. Venture Partners, CMEA Ventures, Redpoint Ventures, Virgin Green Fund, Madrone Capital Partners, RockPort Capital Partners, Argonaut Private Equity, Masdar and Artis Capital Management.
In 2009, the company posted $100 million in revenue. It was estimated that its production and sales growth could lead to a market cap between $1.76 - 2 billion. In 2010, revenues were approximately $140 million.
Other company executives were Bill Stover, CFO; Karen Alter, SVP of Marketing; Corby Whitaker, VP, Sales United States; John Gaffney, Corporate Counsel; and Ben Bierman, EVP Operations and Engineering.
Government support and politics.
Solyndra received a $536 million U.S. Energy Department loan guarantee before going bankrupt. Under the Solyndra restructuring plan, the government is projected to recoup 19 percent on $142.8 million of the loan and nothing on the remaining $385 million. Additionally, Solyndra received a $25.1 million tax break from California's Alternative Energy and Advanced Transportation Financing Authority.
The majority of Solyndra funding was provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.
Production.
The company manufactured its products in its second fabrication plant, Fab 2, a new $733 million state-of-the-art robotic facility in Fremont, California, which opened in September 2010. Fab 2 was built with the support of a $535 million federal loan guarantee along with at least $198 million from private investors. According to an initial public offering by the company, the combined annual production capacity of the plants was projected to be 610 megawatts by 2013. After expanding production in 2008, the company announced on 3 November 2010 that it was mothballing its older plant, Fab 1, and postponing expansion of recently opened Fab 2, giving it an annual production capacity of about 300 megawatts. Market conditions were cited, with conventional solar modules manufactured in China by low-cost producers such as Suntech and Yingli offering stiff competition.
On 20 March 2009, Solyndra estimated that:
On 3 November 2010, Solyndra said it would lay off around 40 employees and not renew contracts for about 150 temporary workers as a result of the consolidation.
Shutdown and investigation.
On 31 August 2011, Solyndra announced it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, laying off 1,100 employees, and shutting down all operations and manufacturing. In Solyndra's quarterly employee meetings, employees were told that the company was losing money, and that production costs, while declining, were still higher than the also-declining market prices for solar panels. The decision to lay off employees and cease operations came about as the result of a board meeting on 30 August in which terms for the injection of additional capital could not be agreed upon. This left Solyndra with virtually no cash.
On 8 September 2011, Solyndra was raided by the FBI investigating the company.
In September 2011, federal agents visited the homes of Brian Harrison, the company's CEO, and Chris Gronet, the company's founder, to examine computer files and documents. Also, in September 2011, the US Department of the Treasury launched an investigation.
On 29 September 2011, a US Department of the Treasury official confirmed that the criminal probe of Solyndra is focused on whether the company and its officers misrepresented the firm’s finances to the government in seeking the loan or engaged in accounting fraud.
On 7 October 2011, newly revealed emails showed that the Obama administration had concerns about the legality of the Department of Energy's loan restructuring plan and warned OMB director Jeffrey D. Zients that the plan should be cleared with the Department of Justice first, which the Department of Energy had not done. The emails also revealed that as early as August 2009, an aide to then-White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel had asked a Department of Energy official if he could discuss any concerns among the investment community about Solyndra but that the official dismissed the idea that Solyndra had financial problems.
On 13 October 2011, the bankruptcy court approved the hiring of the chief restructuring officer Todd Neilson.
On 20 October 2011, Rocket Renewables (rocketrenewables.com) incorporated in Delaware with Gronet as the President and CEO.
On 10 October 2012, the US Department of Justice objected to the bankruptcy plan amidst allegations that "the plan's primary purpose is tax avoidance through the preservation of hundreds of millions of dollars of net operating losses after reorganization". Also, the successor company is named 360 Degree Solar Holdings, Inc., which would have control over "approximately US$ 350 million in tax attributes", such as NOL carryovers.
On 22 October 2012, in the case "In re Solyndra LLC et al.," No. 11-12799 (Bankr. D. Del.), Judge Mary F. Walrath of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware ruled "that the evidence does not support a finding that the principal purpose of the plan was tax avoidance." "Solyndra's owners, Argonaut Ventures I LLC and Madrone Partners LP" will "realize the tax benefits of between $ 875 million and $ 975 million of net operating losses, while more senior creditors, including the Department of Energy, which provided a $ 535 million loan guarantee to Solyndra, will receive nearly nothing."
On 12 July 2013, the Contra Costa Times reported that Gronet was unlikely to face criminal charges in connection with Solyndra.

</doc>
<doc id="19650334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650334" title="Tazkirul Quran">
Tazkirul Quran

Tazkirul Quran is a commentary on the Qur'an, written in Urdu by Maulana Wahiduddin Khan, in 1983. First published in Arabic in 2008 from Cairo as al-Tadhkir al-Qawim fi Tafsir al-Quran al-Hakim, the work has also been translated into Hindi and English. The English version was published by Goodword Books in 2011 as The Quran Translation and Commentary with Parallel Arabic Text.
About the Maulana.
Maulana Wahiduddin Khan, born in 1925 at Azamgarh in India, is an Islamic spiritual scholar who is well versed in both classical Islamic learning and modern science. The mission of his life from a very early stage has been the establishment of worldwide peace, to which end he has devoted much time and effort to the development of a complete ideology of peace and non-violence based on the teachings of the Quran.
The Theme of the Commentary.
According to the Maulana, the Qur'an, a book of divine warning, stresses the importance of man’s discovery of truth at the level of realization. Its objective is to explain God’s Creation plan, i.e. why God created this world; the purpose of settling man on earth, what is required from man in his pre-death life span, and how his life’s record will determine what the post-death period will bring reward or punishment. The Qur'an thus serves to guide man on his entire journey through life into the after-life. The main themes of the Qur'an, clearly set forth in the present translation and commentary of the Qur'an, are enlightenment, peace and closeness to God. To enable the reader to discover God at a purely intellectual level, the Qur'an emphasizes "tawassum", "tadabbur", and "tafakkur" - reflection, thinking and contemplation on the signs of God throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19650337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650337" title="Lir (band)">
Lir (band)

LiR is an Irish rock band. Their sound has been described as "a fusion of funky progressive rock, folky mysticism and savvy pop". The band formed in the late 1980s in Dublin, firstly under the name The Spontaneous Frogs, then Uproar. They released their first EP All Machines Hum in A, in 1992. In 1993, they released their first LP, Magico Magico! under the label Velo Records, (Velo was an Irish Indie) in Ireland. In 1994, they re-released Magico Magico! to the US, under the independent record label What Are Records? (W.A.R.?). The new version of the album saw a revision to the track listing. LiR would release their second album, Nest, exclusively with W.A.R.?, the following year, in 1995. Around this time, they were notorious for playing constant shows in whelans bar, wexford street.The Support act was regularly by another Dublin band called Dragonfly.The lead Guitarist of dragonfly later became Lir's second guitarist, after the departure of keyboardist David hopkins. The Lir song "Temple Child" appeared on the What Are Records? "Ammunition" compilation album, a music sampler of various independent artists. During the mid 90s, they released several EPs and an album through Velo Records that received UK releases only. In 1997 they appeared on the soundtrack for the movie "I Went Down", with the song "There Are More Things."
The band went on hiatus from 1997 to late 2000s, reuniting to play only a few shows a year in Dublin. In 2006, the record label behind their US presence, What Are Records? released an album of tracks from Lir's early recording days, called 06/93 Acoustic Sessions. The acoustic album was made available in mp3 digital format, via online download only. Their latest release Lir Live came out on October 4, 2008, under the independent record label 1969 Records. This album would be their first LP release in 13 years, since 1995's Nest.
Discography:
All Machines Hum in A - 1992
Magico Magico! (Velo Records - Ireland + EU only) - 1993
Magico Magico! (What Are Records? - US release) - 1994
Nest (What Are Records? - US release) - 1995
This Appeared - EP (Velo Records - Ireland + EU only) - 1995
7000 Apes 600 - EP (Velo Records - Ireland + EU only) - 1997
I Went Down: Music from the original motion picture soundtrack (Prophecy Ent.) - 1997
06/93 Acoustic Sessions (What Are Records? - US Release) - 2006
Lir Live (1969 Records - UK only) - 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19650338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650338" title="Belizean cuisine">
Belizean cuisine

Belizean cuisine is an amalgamation of all ethnicities in the nation of Belize and their respectively wide variety of foods. Breakfast consists of bread, flour tortillas, or fry jacks that are often homemade. Fry jacks are eaten with various cheeses, refried beans, various forms of eggs or cereal, along with milk, coffee, or tea. Midday meals vary, from lighter foods such as rice and beans or beans and rice with or without coconut milk, tamales, panades, (fried maize shells with beans or fish) and meat pies, escabeche (onion soup), chirmole (soup), stew chicken and garnaches (fried tortillas with beans, cheese, and sauce) to various constituted dinners featuring some type of rice and beans, meat and salad or coleslaw. In the rural areas meals may be more simplified than in the cities; the Maya use recado, corn or maize for most of their meals, and the Garifuna are fond of seafood, cassava (particularly made into cassava bread or Ereba) and vegetables. The nation abounds with restaurants and fast food establishments selling fairly cheaply. Local fruits are quite common, but raw vegetables from the markets less so. Mealtime is a communion for families and schools and some businesses close at midday for lunch, reopening later in the afternoon.
Mestizo and Maya.
Regular deli items originally from the Mestizo culture that are now considered pan-Belizean include garnaches, fried corn tortilla smeared with beans and shredded cheese, tamales made from corn and chicken or its sister and panades which can be thought of as a fried corn patty with beans or seasoned shredded fish inside and topped by a tangy onion sauce. 
The most famous Maya dish is called "Caldo". Tortillas, cooked on a comal and used to wrap other foods (meat, beans, etc.), were common and are perhaps the most well-known pre-Columbian Mesoamerican food. Tamales consist of corn dough, often containing a filling, that are wrapped in a corn husk and steam-cooked. Both atole and pozole were liquid based gruel-like dishes that were made by mixing ground maize (hominy) with water, but being the first much more dense used as a drinking source and the second one with complete big grains of maize incorporated into a chicken broth. Though these dishes could be consumed plain, other ingredients were added to diversify flavor, including, for example, honey, chiles, meat, seafood, cacao, wild onions, and salt. 
Several different varieties of beans were grown, including pinto, red, and black beans. Other cultivated crops, including fruits, contributed to the overall diet of the ancient Maya, including tomato, chile peppers, avocado, breadnut, guava, guanabana, papaya, pineapple, pumpkin, and sweet potato. Various herbs were grown and used, including vanilla, epazote, achiote (and the annatto seed), white cinnamon, hoja santa, avocado leaf, and garlic vine.
Kriols.
Kriols in general eat a relatively balanced diet. The Bile Up (or Boil Up) is consider the cultural dish of the Belizean Kriols. It is combination boiled eggs, Fish and/or Pig tail, with a number of ground foods such as Cassava, Green Plantains, Yams, Sweet Potatoes, cocoa, and Tomato Sauce. In Belize, cassava is traditionally made into "bammy," a small fried cassava cake inherited from the Garifuna. The cassava root is grated, rinsed well, dried, salted, and pressed to form flat cakes about 4 inches in diameter and 1/2-inch thick. The cakes are lightly fried, then dipped in coconut milk and fried again. Bammies are usually served as a starchy side dish with breakfast, with fish dishes or alone as a snack. Cassava Pone is a traditional Belizean Kriol and pan-West Indian dessert recipe for a classic cassava flour cake sometimes made with coconuts and raisins.
The Kriol fish seré is similar to a dish from the Garifuna culture, called hudut. There are two main types of hudut – one made with coconut milk, similar to the seré described above, but made with mashed half-ripe plantain. The other type does not use coconut milk and may best be compared to a spicy fish soup – of course, less spice to taste. If you are really brave, you can “bos a pepa” into the mix! Belizean pepper sauce is famous, whether it’s the hot habanero or the more temperate jalapeño!
Every single part of the coconut has some use: the dried husk for ornamental arts and for getting the fire going in a bar-b-cue; the water as a refreshing beverage or as a mixer with alcoholic drinks; the meat grated for its milk for uses as described above, or in other preparations, like the distinctive coconut-flavored taste of Kriol bread and bun. Dukunu is a dish made with sweetened starch (usually cornmeal but can also be sweet corn wrapped and boiled in aluminum foil or a banana leaf. "Cahn Sham" is ground or powdered sweetened parched corn. The dried grated coconut meat, after you mix with water and squeeze out its milk, provides the basis for many Belizean desserts. Like coconut pie and tarts, coconut crust (the grated coconut is sweetened with sugar and baked in a flour crust folded over like a patty), tablata, which is the grated coconut meat mixed with thin ginger slices, sugar and water, baked and cut into squares; there is also the version called cut-o-brute, which is made of chunks of coconut instead of the grated pieces; and then there is trifle, made with half green grated coconut, milk, flour, sugar, eggs, lemon essence, margarine and baking powder (think of it as coconut cake), and coconut fudge and coconut ice cream to mention just some of the delicious coconut-based desserts.
Now let’s get a quick taste of some of the other traditional Belizean cuisine regulars which you can find on most menus. Often, restaurants will earmark a particular item for a particular day of the week (with rice-and-beans always daily!). Let’s start with breakfast. Sizzling fry jacks or earthy Johnny cakes accompanied by fried beans with sausage and/or eggs makes for a hearty Belizean breakfast. Both the jacks and Johnny cakes are made from flour, but while the jacks are flattened and fried, the Johnny cakes are round fluffy savory biscuits. Just a pat of butter melting with a slice of cheese on a hot Johnny cake is often enough to start the day!
Among the main staples of a Kriol dinner are rice and beans with some type of meat and salad, whether potato, vegetable, or coleslaw, seafoods including fish, conch, lobster, some game meats including iguana, deer, peccary and gibnut; and ground foods such as cassava, potatoes, cocoa and plantains. Fresh juice or water are typically served, occasionally replaced by soft drinks and alcoholic beverages (homemade wines made from berries, cashew, sorosi, grapefruit and rice are especially common). Typical desserts include sweets such as wangla and powderbun, cakes and pies, and potato pudding (pound). Usually to be seen on a breakfast table are specially made bread and bun (officially named after them), johnny-cakes and fry-cakes (also called fry jacks). In recent years Kriols have adopted foods from other groups as they have adopted theirs.
Garifuna.
There is a wide variety of Garifuna dishes, including the more commonly known ereba (cassava bread) made from grated cassava or manioc. This is done in an ancient and time-consuming process involving a long, snake-like woven basket (ruguma) which strains the cassava of its juice. It is then dried overnight and later sieved through flat rounded baskets (hibise) to form flour that is baked into pancakes on a large iron griddle. Ereba is fondly eaten with fish, hudutu (pounded plantains) or alone with gravy (lasusu). Others include: Bundiga (a plantain lasusu), Mazapan, and Bimacacule (sticky sweet rice).
Popular ingredients.
There is a difference in the flavors of meats, such as turkey and chicken, from other countries because of differences in the diet of the animals being fed on local foodstuffs as opposed to imported grains. Belizean chickens in particular some allege compared to other chickens have an unusually rich flavor. Belizeans eat much more chicken and fish, than beef or pork.

</doc>
<doc id="19650358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650358" title="Davidge Gould">
Davidge Gould

Sir Davidge Gould GCB (1758 – 23 April 1847) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary, French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Admiral. He was one of Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson's Band of Brothers at the Battle of the Nile in 1798.
Family and early life.
Gould was born at Bridgwater, Somerset, the son of the Reverend Richard Gould, of Sharpham Park. He was distantly related to the authors Henry and Sarah Fielding, and the naturalist William Gould. His uncle, Sir Henry Gould, was a Justice of the Common Pleas. Davidge joined the navy in May 1772, serving as a volunteer in the Mediterranean aboard . He later moved to the North American coast, where he was advanced to midshipman. He was promoted to lieutenant on 7 May 1779, later serving aboard and . He saw action in the American Revolutionary War, taking part in attacks on shore batteries and cutting out American ships.
He served in succession aboard , and , and was present aboard the "Conqueror" at Admiral Sir George Rodney's victory at the Battle of the Saintes in 1782. He then moved aboard and promoted to commander in June 1782, after which he was given command of the sloop "Pachahunter", and then and , on the Home and Mediterranean Stations. Gould spent 13 months aboard the "Pylades", during which time he was active in anti-smuggling operations. He then spent four years on half-pay, before being promoted to post-captain on 23 March 1789, and assigned to the command of the frigate .
Captaincy.
He sailed to the West Indies Station aboard her, but by 1794 he was in the Mediterranean, in command of at the reduction of Corsica, and then at the Naval Battle of Genoa in March 1795, and the Naval Battle of Hyères Islands in July 1795, as part of Vice-Admiral William Hotham's fleet. During the action off Genoa, the "Bedford" came under fire from the "Ça Ira" and the "Censeur", resulting in nine killed and seventeen wounded aboard the "Bedford". Gould took command of in 1796, and was present at Admiral John Jervis's attack on Cadiz. He was still in command of "Audacious" when she was ordered to join Nelson's squadron in their search for the French. On 1 August Gould commanded "Audacious" at the Battle of the Nile, engaging the French ship "Conquérant" and helped to force her surrender. Gould then took part in the blockades of Malta and Genoa for the rest of 1798 and into 1799.
Later life and flag rank.
The "Audacious" escorted a convoy to Britain in late 1800, and on arrival was paid off. In spring 1801 Gould was appointed to command , serving in British waters, and in the West Indies. He commanded in between 1803 and 1804 but was forced to resign command owing to ill-health. He never again served at sea. He was promoted to Rear-Admiral in October 1807, Vice -Admiral in July 1810 and Admiral in May 1825. He was awarded a gold medal for his service at the Nile, and was invested as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1815, followed by being invested as a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in 1833. He was also appointed to the post of Vice-Admiral of the United Kingdom on 17 November 1846, a post he held until his death.
Personal life and death.
Gould married Harriet Willes, eldest daughter of the Reverend William Willes, Archdeacon of Taunton, in 1803. The couple did not have any children. He received a pension of £300 per annum, and died at the age of 89 at Hawkshead, Herefordshire on 23 April 1847. He was by then the last surviving member of Nelson's 'Band of Brothers', the captains who had fought with him at the Nile.

</doc>
<doc id="19650362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650362" title="Glaucosoma">
Glaucosoma

Glaucosoma, the pearl perches, are perciform fishes native to the Indian Ocean waters around Australia and the western Pacific Ocean. This genus is currently the only one assigned to the family Glaucosomatidae.
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19650384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650384" title="Locko Park">
Locko Park

Locko Park is a privately owned 18th-century country house, near Spondon, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The estate was acquired by William Gilbert from William Byrde in 1563. The oldest part of the house is the chapel of 1669. The main south facing block of the present house, built about 1725 out of locally-sourced Keuper sandstone for the member of parliament, Robert Ferne, has three storeys and nine bays and a substantial Tuscan porch. The architect is believed to have been Francis Smith of Warwick. The current house was built on or close to the site of a hospital of the Order of St Lazarus of Jerusalem, which was in existence at least as far back as 1296. The order was dedicated to the care of lepers, and the name Locko derives from the old French word for rags, "loques", in reference to the strips of lint that were applied to sores.
John Lowe purchased the estate in 1747 from the last descendant of the Gilbert family. In 1790 the property was bequeathed to William Drury who changed his name by Royal Sign Manual dated 10 July 1790 to William Drury-Lowe. In 1792, he employed William Emes, who was responsible for the gardens of Calke Abbey and Kedleston Hall, to landscape the park; the actual work, including the creation of the 16 acre lake, was carried out by Emes' partner, John Webb. Williams's daughter and heir, Mary-Anne, married Robert Holden in 1800. Their son William also took the name Drury-Lowe in 1849.
Substantial additions were made to the house in the 19th century by architect Henry Stevens of Derby, including, the present west range, the parapet to which bears the dates 1804 and 1896, and the Italianate tower which rises above it dating from 1853. The porch to the east front is dated 1861.
The house remains in the ownership of the Drury-Lowes, and is currently the residence of Lucy Palmer, the eldest daughter of Captain Patrick Drury-Lowe, and husband of David Palmer of the Huntley and Palmer biscuit family. The house is not generally open to the public, although it is available for corporate and private functions. Several members of the Drury-Lowe family have served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire. The park used to be host to a substantial herd of fallow deer, and some can still be seen in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19650389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650389" title="Draper House">
Draper House

Draper House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650391" title="Klupci">
Klupci

Klupci (Cyrillic Клупци) is a locality of Serbia located in the municipality of Loznica, district of Mačva.
Klupci the village.
In 2002 it had a population of 7297 inhabitants, 95% of which were ethnic Serbs.
In spite of the number of its inhabitants, Klupci is officially classified among the villages of Serbia.
The elementary school is named by the Serbian philosopher and linguist Dositej Obradović.
Klupci also has a football team FK Radnički Stobex. They currently play in the Serbian League West (Srpska liga Zapad), a third tier in Serbia's football league.
References.
1 ^ Popis stanovništva, domaćinstava i Stanova 2002. Knjiga 1: Nacionalna ili etnička pripadnost po naseljima. Republika Srbija, Republički zavod za statistiku Beograd 2003. ISBN 86-84433-00-9

</doc>
<doc id="19650393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650393" title="Bartosz Głowacki (armoured train)">
Bartosz Głowacki (armoured train)

Armoured Train Bartosz Glowacki, also called Armoured Train number 55 was a Polish Army Armoured train, used during the Polish-Soviet War and the Polish September Campaign. On 11 September 1939, it was assigned to the Operational Group Wyszkow and was directed to the fortress of Brześć nad Bugiem, where it fought German units of the SS-Verfügungstruppe. After withdrawal southwards, to Lwów, the train was destroyed by the Luftwaffe on 19 September 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19650395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650395" title="Syrian Navy">
Syrian Navy

The Syrian Navy () is the smallest of the Syrian Armed Forces. It is under the Syrian Army's Latakia regional command with the fleet based in the ports of Baniyas, Latakia, Minat al Bayda, and Tartus.
History.
In 1950, the Syrian Navy was established following the procurement of a few naval vessels from France. The initial personnel consisted of army soldiers who had been sent to French naval academies for training.
During the Yom Kippur War the Israeli Navy sank five Syrian ships without a loss during the Battle of Latakia. As a result the Syrian Navy remained in port for the rest of the conflict.
Tartus.
Tartus hosts a Soviet-era naval supply and maintenance base, under a 1971 agreement with Syria. The base was established during the Cold War to support the Soviet Navy's fleet in the Mediterranean Sea. Since Russia forgave Syria of three-fourths of its $13.4 billion Soviet-era debt and became its main arms supplier, Russia and Syria have conducted talks about allowing Russia to develop and enlarge its naval base, so that Russia can strengthen its naval presence in the Mediterranean. Amid Russia's deteriorating relations with the West, because of the 2008 South Ossetia War and plans to deploy a US missile defense shield in Poland, President Assad agreed to the port’s conversion into a permanent Middle East base for Russia’s nuclear-armed warships. Since 2009, Russia has been renovating the Tartus naval base and dredging the port to allow access for its larger naval vessels.
Syrian civil war.
During the Syrian civil war, opposition activists claimed that Syrian Navy warships supported a military attack by government forces against rebels in the city of Latakia.

</doc>
<doc id="19650398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650398" title="Draper House (Lima, New York)">
Draper House (Lima, New York)

Draper House is a historic home located at Lima in Livingston County, New York. It was built about 1842 and remodeled in the 1860s. It is a two story, three bay, side hall frame residence with vernacular Italianate style design features. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19650406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650406" title="St. Louis Cobras">
St. Louis Cobras

The St. Louis Cobras are a professional inline hockey team based in St. Peters, Missouri. They compete in the PIHA 

</doc>
<doc id="19650409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650409" title="Irina Kulikova">
Irina Kulikova

Irina Kulikova (born August 6, 1991) is a Russian fashion model. She was discovered in a Moscow restaurant by Ivan Bart of IMG Models and actress Liv Tyler. She is now represented by IMG Models worldwide, and was named one of the top 10 models of 2007 by "V".
During her first season in Fall/Winter 2007 she opened the shows of Prada and Nina Ricci, closed the shows of Yves Saint Laurent and Louis Vuitton, and was an exclusive for Calvin Klein in New York, among others. She has since opened shows for Dior, Donna Karan, BCBG Max Azria, Marc Jacobs, John Galliano, and Sonia Rykiel, and closed shows for Peter Som, Alberta Ferretti, Proenza Schouler, Donna Karan, Moschino, Dries Van Noten, John Galliano, Sonia Rykiel, Viktor & Rolf, and Vera Wang. She also received her first crop of campaigns for Prada, Marc Jacobs' new fragrance "Daisy", Jil Sander, and Pringle of Scotland, while appearing regularly in editorials for "W". She is known for being a favorite model of Marc Jacobs and John Galliano.

</doc>
<doc id="19650412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650412" title="Twin Series Vol. 3 – Konchuu Monster/Super Chinese Labyrinth">
Twin Series Vol. 3 – Konchuu Monster/Super Chinese Labyrinth

Twin Series Vol. 3 – Konchuu Monster/Super Chinese Labyrinth is a compilation of "Konchuu Monster" and "Super Chinese Labyrinth" released for the Game Boy Advance in December 10, 2004 by Culture Brain. Culture Brain has released several games under the "Twin Series" name.
Konchuu Monster.
"Konchuu Monster" is a role-playing video game in which the player uses bugs in battle.
Super Chinese Labyrinth.
"Super Chinese Labyrinth" is a puzzle game. The player controls Jack, who must place colored blocks on matching spaces. This game was also released in "Super Chinese I+II Advance".

</doc>
<doc id="19650423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650423" title="Draper House (Milford, Delaware)">
Draper House (Milford, Delaware)

Draper House is a historic home located at Milford, Sussex County, Delaware. It was built in 1870, and is a two-story, five bay, center hall, frame dwelling originally built in the Victorian Gothic style. It was remodeled in the early-20th century with elements of Queen Anne and Classical Revival building traditions. It has a hipped roof with dormers, a telescoping turret, a truncated tower, a second floor projecting bay with a Palladian window, and a full three-sided porch with a shadow curve supported by Ionic order columns. From 1948 to 1953, it was owned by the Milford Hospital and used by them as housing for nurses.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19650444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650444" title="Sidetur">
Sidetur

Siderúrgica del Turbio S.A. (Sidetur) was a subsidiary of Siderúrgica de Venezuela S.A. (Sivensa), the biggest - wholly private - Venezuelan steel corporation. Their main products are rebars, bars, beams, angles and flats. Sidetur develops their exporting activity in more than 25 countries in the markets of America, Africa, Asia and Europe. Their seven operating plants are located in the states of Bolívar, Carabobo, Miranda, Lara and the Capital District. Additionally, Sidetur has 14 ferrous material collection centers located in various cities.
Founded in 1948 in Antímano, Caracas, Sidetur now has six plants, all in Venezuela.
In 1998, Sivensa suffered a strong crisis - mainly due to the Asian Crisis - which reduced the size of the company and generated a big debt. Thanks to high steel prices, the situation of the company is improving with the years. Nowadays, the company has a capacity of annual production of 835,000 tons of steelmaking, 615,000 tons of rolling and 67,000 of electric welding.
In 2010 Sidetur was expropriated by the Chavez Government. As of May 21, 2013 no compensation was paid to former owners.
Plants.
All six of Sidetur's plants are located in Venezuela. Only two of them, Planta Barquisimeto and Planta Casima, are designed to melt steel into billets.
Sidetur ferrous material collection centers are located nationwide in Venezuela. The company serves the following cities and their neighboring areas:
Production.
The following table shows the production capacities of the different plants that Sidetur owns in metric tons per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19650450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650450" title="Priscilla Bowman">
Priscilla Bowman

Priscilla Bowman (May 30, 1928 – July 24, 1988) was an American jazz and rhythm and blues singer, who had a #1 hit single on the US "Billboard" R&B chart in 1955 as the lead singer with Jay McShann's band with the song, "Hands Off".
She was born in Kansas City, and has been called the city's ""original rock 'n' roll mama."" She joined the Jay McShann band in the early 1950s. In 1955 the band signed to Vee-Jay Records, and Bowman recorded two sessions with them. One of the songs, "Hands Off", became a hit, staying at number 1 on the R&B chart for three weeks in December 1955. The single was notable as the last single to hit number one on the R&B charts without making the Billboard Hot 100.
She recorded three sessions for Vee-Jay, and its subsidiary label Falcon, as a solo singer between 1957 and 1959, but could not repeat her success. However, in 1958 she was the first to record the song "A Rockin' Good Way", with uncredited vocal backing by The Spaniels. The song was co-written by Brook Benton, and became a major hit when Benton recorded it himself as a duo with Dinah Washington in 1960.
Bowman recorded again for Abner Records in 1959, and continued to record and make personal appearances, some with Jay McShann, through the mid-1970s. A compilation album of her recordings, "An Original Rock & Roll Mama", was released in 1986.
Bowman died in July 1988 from lung cancer, at the age of 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19650451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650451" title="Elinor Guggenheimer">
Elinor Guggenheimer

Elinor Sophia Coleman "Ellie" Guggenheimer (11 April 1912 – 29 September 2008) was an American civic leader, author, and philanthropist in New York City.
Life and career.
Born in Manhattan, she attended Vassar College before transferring to Barnard College, where she graduated in 1933. She married lawyer Randolph Guggenheimer in 1932.
Guggenheimer founded the Day Care Council of New York in 1948, followed by the National Day Care and Child Development Council in 1958. An urban planner, she became the first woman to join the New York City Planning Commission in 1961. In 1969 she ran unsuccessfully in the Democratic Party primary to be their candidate for president of the New York City Council. Her activism in the Women's movement led her to create the New York Women's Forum in 1973, and she served as commissioner of consumer affairs in the 1970s. In 1979, Guggennheimer founded the Council of Senior Centers and Services of New York City and served as its first Executive Director. Later, Guggenheimer founded the New York Women's Agenda in 1992 and the Council of Senior Centers and Services.
Her philanthropy focused on women, the elderly, and Jewish causes. Guggenheimer wrote the books "Planning for Parks and Recreation in Urban Areas" and an instructional manual for entertaining called "The Pleasure of Your Company." Her 1983 musical "Potholes" had a short run off-Broadway.
Her lifetime of service earned her a Presidential Citizens Medal in 1997 from President Clinton. Guggenheimer died in Manhattan.
She is an honorary member of Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority.

</doc>
<doc id="19650453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650453" title="Donald Munro">
Donald Munro

Donald Munro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19650460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650460" title="Giada at Home">
Giada at Home

Giada at Home is a television show hosted by Giada De Laurentiis. It first aired on October 18, 2008 on the Food Network.
The show was nominated for two Daytime Emmys in 2009: for Outstanding Culinary Program and Outstanding Directing in a Lifestyle/Culinary Program, and won for the latter award.
The show was nominated for four Daytime Emmys in 2010 for Outstanding Multi-Camera Editing, Outstanding Directing in a Lifestyle/Culinary Program, Outstanding Lifestyle/Culinary Host (Giada De Laurentiis) and Outstanding Culinary Program. It won in the categories of Outstanding Directing in a Lifestyle/Culinary Program (2nd year in a row) and Snickle Snackle Culinary Program.
Production.
The show moves beyond Italian cooking, and instead focuses on Giada cooking for friends and family, as well as party planning. Contrary to the title, the show is not taped at Giada's house.

</doc>
<doc id="19650478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650478" title="Baikida Carroll">
Baikida Carroll

Baikida Carroll (born January 15, 1947, St. Louis, Missouri) is an American jazz trumpeter.
Carroll studied at Southern Illinois University and at the Armed Forces School of Music early in his career. Following this he became a member of the Black Artists Group in St. Louis, where he directed their free jazz ensemble. This group recorded in Europe in the 1970s.
In 1981 he performed at the Woodstock Jazz Festival, held in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Creative Music Studio. 

</doc>
<doc id="19650502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650502" title="Sun transit time">
Sun transit time

The sun transit time, also referred to as sun-meridian transit time, is the time at which the sun passes over the observer's meridian line. Most often this time is used as local noon time and therefore will differ from longitude to longitude. For example, on April 29 the sun transit time in Boston, Massachusetts is 12:42 p.m., whereas the sun transit time for New York City, New York is 12:53 p.m. This is due to longitudinal distance between the two cities.
For Australian Sun Transit Time Calculators, you can use the calculators found on this web site. http://www.ga.gov.au/geodesy/astro/sunrise.jsp - US Naval Observatory Sun/Moon calculator: http://aa.usno.navy.mil/data/docs/RS_OneDay.php
A range of searches are possible including:

</doc>
<doc id="19650507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650507" title="True Realm">
True Realm

True Realm is a gaming convention showcasing the True Dungeon event which has been held previously and in conjunction with Gen Con game convention (from 2003 to present).
True Realm is a unique event in the gaming world. Open on only two days a year (April 3–4, 2009), the event is an indoor, 40,000 sq. ft. “theme park” for gamer geeks who want to immerse themselves in a world of medieval fantasy gaming.
The main attraction area is a 12,000 sq. ft. medieval fantasy city-scape where gamers can spend the day exploring True Realm and enjoying many immerse live-action events. They can find the entrances to two HUGE Dungeons and Dragons type events with each being a two-hour adventure inside a vast walk-through D&D dungeon. They can also find themselves joining an assault to re-take a tower that has been occupied by three challenging monsters — or they might decide to prove their worth to join the Rogues’ Guild by trying to steal a chalice from a temple. There are even surprise events that can only be found by careful exploration.
And, of course, there is an Inn that offers food and drink (as well as a good place to pick up a tabletop game), a Tavern where more boisterous gamers can enjoy a beer or two while reliving their latest dungeon exploits, a Courtyard that features street performances, interactive experiences and several contests

</doc>
<doc id="19650513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650513" title="Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1941–42">
Southern League Cup (Scotland) 1941–42

The Southern League Cup 1941–42 was the second edition of the regional war-time football tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19650520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650520" title="Merkle signature scheme">
Merkle signature scheme

The Merkle signature scheme is a digital signature scheme based on hash trees (also called Merkle trees) and one-time signatures such as the Lamport signature scheme. It was developed by Ralph Merkle in the late 1970s and is an alternative to traditional digital signatures such as the Digital Signature Algorithm or RSA. 
The advantage of the Merkle Signature Scheme is that it is believed to be resistant against quantum computer algorithms. The traditional public key algorithms, such as RSA and ELGamal would become insecure in case an effective quantum computer can be built (Shor's algorithm). The Merkle Signature Scheme however only depends on the existence of secure hash functions. This makes the Merkle Signature Scheme very adjustable and resistant against quantum computing.
Key generation.
The Merkle Signature Scheme can only be used to sign a limited number of messages with one public key formula_1. The number of possible messages must be a power of two, so that we denote the possible number of messages as formula_2.
The first step of generating the public key formula_1 is to generate the public keys formula_4 and private keys formula_5 of formula_6 one-time signatures. For each public key formula_4, with formula_8, a hash value formula_9 is computed. With these hash values formula_10 a hash tree is built. 
We call a node of the tree formula_11, where formula_12 denotes the level of the node. The level of a node is defined by the distance from the node to a leaf. Hence, a leaf of the tree has level formula_13 and the root has level formula_14. We number all nodes of one level from the left to the right, so that formula_15 is the leftmost node of level formula_12. 
In the Merkle Tree the hash values formula_10 are the leaves of a binary tree, so that formula_18. Each inner node of the tree is the hash value of the concatenation of its two children. So formula_19 and formula_20.
In this way, a tree with formula_6 leaves and formula_22 nodes is built. The root of the tree formula_23 is the public key formula_1 of the Merkle Signature Scheme.
Signature generation.
To sign a message formula_25 with the Merkle Signature Scheme, the message formula_25 is signed with a one-time signature scheme, resulting in a signature formula_27, first. This is done, by using one of the public and private key pairs formula_28. 
The corresponding leaf of the hash tree to a one-time public key formula_4 is formula_30. We call the path in the hash tree from formula_31 to the root formula_32. The path formula_32 consists of formula_34 nodes, formula_35, with formula_36 being the leaf and formula_37 being the root of the tree. To compute this path formula_32, we need every child of the nodes formula_39. We know that formula_40 is a child of formula_41. To calculate the next node formula_41 of the path formula_32, we need to know both children of formula_41. So we need the brother node of formula_40. We call this node formula_46, so that formula_47. Hence, formula_48 nodes formula_49 are needed, to compute every node of the path formula_32. We now calculate and save these nodes formula_51.
These nodes, plus the one-time signature formula_27 of formula_25 is the signature formula_54 of the Merkle Signature Scheme. An example of an authentication path is illustrated in the figure on the right.
Signature verification.
The receiver knows the public key formula_1, the message formula_25, and the signature formula_54. At first, the receiver verifies the one-time signature formula_27 of the message formula_25. If formula_27 is a valid signature of formula_25, the receiver computes formula_62 by hashing the public key of the one-time signature. For formula_63, the nodes of formula_64 of the path formula_32 are computed with formula_66. If formula_67 equals the public key formula_1 of the merkle signature scheme, the signature is valid.

</doc>
<doc id="19650543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650543" title="Thrust block">
Thrust block

A thrust block, also known as a thrust box, is a specialised form of thrust bearing used in ships, to resist the thrust of the propeller shaft and transmit it to the hull.
Early thrust boxes.
Early screw-propelled steamships used a thrust block or "thrust box" composed of perhaps a dozen lower-rated plain thrust journal bearings stacked on the same shaft. These were problematic in service: they were bulky, difficult to dismantle, wasted power through friction and they had a tendency to overheat. The thrust box was built of a box-like cast iron housing with a radial bearing at each end and a number of collars formed on the shaft between them. This shaft was often a short section of removable shaft called the "thrust shaft", linking the engine ahead to the propeller shaft astern. A series of iron horseshoe-shaped collars fitted over the small diameter of the shaft and bore against the forward face of the shaft's collars. Each horseshoe was faced with a low-friction pad of babbitt metal. Lubrication was by an oil bath in the box and a plentiful volume was important for cooling purposes too.
Although lignum vitae wood was used for the radial stave bearings in the stuffing box, cooled directly by seawater itself, this material wasn't capable of withstanding the force needed for the thrust blocks of any but the earliest screw vessels.
Each horseshoe was independently adjustable forwards and back, by either wedged gibs or a screwed adjustment. A particular problem with these thrust boxes was in adjusting them so that the force was shared equally between all the collars. Adjustment was often done on the basis of their operating temperature, gauged with the engineer's hand.
Improved Michell thrust blocks.
Improved understanding of the "theory" of lubrication films (initially by Reynolds) allowed the development of much more efficient bearing surfaces. This allowed the replacement of multiple collars in a thrust box by a single thrust block.
Fluid-film thrust bearings were invented by Australian engineer George Michell who patented his invention in 1905. Michell bearings contain a number of sector-shaped pads, arranged in a circle around the shaft, and which are free to pivot. These create wedge-shaped films of oil between the pads and a rotating disk on the shaft. Each lubricant "wedge" can only be of a limited length (in the direction of travel, i.e. circumferential) so multiple pads are needed rather than a single ring. No lubrication pump is needed, the rotation of the shaft itself is sufficient.
The need for an efficient thrust block became even more important with the advent of steam turbines and their higher propeller speeds. Despite this, there was some reluctance to adopt them in their homeland, until the discovery that World War I U-boats were using them. After this they were soon adopted widely. The large single pad illustrated is a model of one used in the battlecruiser , the pride of the Royal Navy.
"Michell Bearings" continue in production today under the same name, now as part of Rolls-Royce marine systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19650555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650555" title="Denver Blizzard">
Denver Blizzard

The Denver Blizzard are a professional inline hockey team based in Denver, Colorado. They compete in the Professional Inline Hockey Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="19650570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650570" title="Pneumobilia">
Pneumobilia

Pneumobilia is the presence of gas in the biliary system. Causes include a biliary-enteric anastomosis, an incompetent sphincter of Oddi and spontaneous biliary-enteric fistula.
Pathogenesis.
In a normal healthy individual with a normally functioning sphincter of oddi there should be no air within the biliary tree.
Pneumobilia is commonly seen after biliary instrumentation but can be seen due to other causes such as Incompetent Sphincter of Oddi, Biliary enteric surgical anastomosis, Spontaneous biliary enteric fistula (Cholecystoduodenal ~70%), Infection(emphysematous cholecystitis), Bronchopleuralbiliary fistula (rare) and Congenital anomalies.
Anatomically common bile duct is located in proximity to duodenum, crossing the first and second part of duodenum posteriorly and further coursing down ending at the ampulla of Vater, where it is separated from the duodenum by pancreatic tissue. Nissen in his description of duodenal and peptic ulcer in 1945 claimed that this lateral separation isolates the common bile duct from complications of duodenal ulcer disease thus making choledochoduodenal an uncommon clinical entity.
It is essential to distinguish between air in the biliary tree from air in the portal venous system in making a diagnosis of pneumobilia.
Ulcerogenous choledochoduodenal fistula have been occasionally reported in the literature in the past and there have been very limited reports of such cases in recent years presumably due to better diagnostic and early therapeutic management of peptic ulcer disease.
Biliary-enteric fistula was first described by Bartholin in 1654, but it was only in 1840 that Long established its etiological association with duodenal ulcer. Hunt and Herbst in 1915 first reported the radiographic diagnosis of spontaneous internal biliary fistula: that is, cholecystoduodenal fistula complicating cholelithiasis. Cholelithiasis is a common cause of these fistulas accounting for up to 90% of cases while ulcer disease accounts for only about 5 percent of biliary-enteric communications []. While cholelithiasis has been associated with cholecystoduodenal fistulas, peptic ulcer accounts for up to 80% of choledochoduodenal fistulas.
Other rare causes that have been reported include duodenal diverticulum, paraduodenal abscess, operative trauma, and carcinoma of the duodenum, stomach and bile duct.[]
Epidemiology.
Typically, patients with choledochoduodenal fistulas are usually in the fifth or sixth decade of life and have a long history of symptomatic dyspepsia. While women comprise approximately 70 percent of all cases of internal biliary fistula secondary to gall- bladder disease, men outnumber women by 3 to 1 or greater in biliary communications arising from penetrating duodenal ulcer. In 80%, the cause of choledochoduodenal fistula is usually penetrating duodenal ulcer disease in patients with a long ulcer history.
Diagnosis.
Intravenous cholangiography, endoscopic retrograde cannulation of the common bile duct and endoscopy can be used to visualize such a fistulous communication but there are no reports in literature describing the use of these techniques. Also barium studies can be used to demonstrate such a fistulous communication but the appearances should be distinguished from reflux of barium through the ampulla of Vater. In case of reflux the common bile duct fills only in its distal portion, whereas there is usually filling of the intrahepatic ducts in choledochoduodenal fistula. Another radiological finding that can be seen in such biliary enteric fistulas is pneumobilia which is the presence of air in the biliary tree. Pneumobilia is commonly seen after biliary instrumentation but can be seen due to other causes such as Incompetent Sphincter of Oddi, Biliary enteric surgical anastomosis, Spontaneous biliary enteric fistula (Cholecystoduodenal~70%), Infection (emphysematous cholecystitis), Bronchopleuralbiliary fistula (rare) and Congenital anomalies.
Pneumobilia in the non operated patient, is almost pathognomonic of some form of internal biliary fistula []. Unfortunately, this finding is inconsistent: it is manifested in only 14 to 58 percent of patients with choledochoduodenal fistula and although helpful when present, its absence should not preclude the diagnosis.
Management.
Treatment of choledochoduodenal fistula secondary to duodenal ulcer stands divided between prophylactic surgery and conservative medical therapy. Experience from our case favors the latter but it also depends on the case presentation. There have been reports of worsening of biliary disease with non surgical management of choledochoduodenal fistula but in the absence of primary biliary disease, a choledochoduodenal fistula created by perforating duodenal ulcer presents a minimal risk of cholangitis or future biliary stricture, although the potential must at least be acknowledged. Indeed, Waggoner, LeMone and others report closure of a choledochoduodenal fistula with medical management. For such reasons Jordan and Stirrett [], and later Isaacson et al. [], were the first to actively suggest intensive medical management, especially in asymptomatic or poor risk patients. Evidence towards intensive medical management has grown over the past decades. A case series by Constant and Turcotte demonstrated successful medical management of four cases for up to a period of 11 years. recent consensus acknowledges treatment of the ulcer disease itself as the major goal and suggests surgical intervention in high risk or asymptomatic patients only for the usual indications in peptic ulcer disease, that is, hemorrhage, obstruction or intractability.

</doc>
<doc id="19650583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650583" title="John S. Chen">
John S. Chen

John S. Chen (Chinese: 程守宗, "Chéng Shǒuzōng"; born July 1, 1955) is the CEO of BlackBerry Ltd. Previously, he served as the chief executive officer and president of Sybase, an independent software vendor specializing in data management, analytics, and mobility technology. He is currently a director of Wells Fargo & Company and Walt Disney Company. 
Education.
A native of Hong Kong, John Chen studied in La Salle College in Hong Kong up to F5 before he went to US and graduated from Northfield Mount Hermon School, an elite prep school in Northfield, Massachusetts. He then went on to graduate magna cum laude from Brown University in 1978 with a BS degree in electrical engineering. In 1979 he received his MS degree in electrical engineering from the California Institute of Technology.
Career.
John S. Chen began his career as a design engineer with Unisys, where he eventually served as vice president and general manager of, in turn, the Convergent RISC Platform Division and the Convergent UNIX Systems Group. In 1991 he joined Pyramid Technology Corporation as executive vice president. Chen was elected president, chief operating officer and a director of Pyramid in 1993, serving until 1995.
Chen next joined Siemens Nixdorf as a vice president in 1995. He was promoted to president and chief executive officer of Siemens Nixdorf's Open Enterprise Computing Division in 1996.
In 1997 Chen became CEO and president of Sybase, and in November of 1998 he added the title of chairman.
Chen developed and led Sybase’s re-invention strategy to evolve what had become a mature slower growth technology company into a $1B+ high-growth innovator. First, Mr. Chen returned Sybase to profitability and improved its balance sheet. He then defined and implemented Sybase’s “Unwired Enterprise” strategy to reposition the company, leveraging its database knowledge to create new offerings that addressed the emerging markets for analytics and mobility.
Under Chen’s leadership, Sybase achieved strong financial performance and shareholder returns, including 55 consecutive quarters of profitability, $2.8 billion of cash generated, and a 28 percent compound annual growth rate of its market capitalization from a low of $362 million to $5.8 billion in 2010, when it was acquired by SAP AG.
Board and trustee appointments.
Chen was appointed executive chairman of the board and interim CEO of BlackBerry in November 2013, responsible for the company's strategic direction, strategic relationships and organizational goals. He was elected a director of the Walt Disney Company in 2004 and of Wells Fargo & Company in 2006. He has also served on the board of the CIT Group Inc., and as a member of the New York Stock Exchange’s listing advisory committee, as well as the boards of several high-tech start-ups, including Beyond.com, Niku Corporation, Wafer Technology and Turbolinux US.
He is also a trustee Caltech and the Brookings Institution, national trustee of The First Tee, governor of the San Francisco Symphony, past chairman (2009–2011) and longtime member of the Committee of 100 and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
International relations.
Mr. Chen is actively involved in international relations. He has testified before Congress on U.S.–China trade relations. U.S. President George W. Bush appointed Chen to serve on the President's Export Council in 2005. In 2006, he was appointed co-chair of the Secure Borders and Open Doors Advisory Committee.
Additionally, Mr. Chen chaired the U.S.-China Policy Advisory Roundtable for the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS).
Awards.
The Brown University School of Engineering awarded Chen its BEAM (Brown Engineering Alumni Medal) Award in 2003.
Chen holds an honorary professorship from Shanghai University, and honorary doctorates from San Jose State University, City University of Hong Kong, and Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.
In recognition of his leadership in building U.S.-Asia relations, Mr. Chen has received awards from the US-Asia Institute (2009), the U.S.-China Policy Foundation, and the California-Asia Business Council (2007). The U.S.-Pan Asian American Chamber of Commerce Education Foundation has recognized Chen for his corporate board work.

</doc>
<doc id="19650590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19650590" title="Kathleen Clarke (Bureau of Land Management)">
Kathleen Clarke (Bureau of Land Management)

Kathleen Burton Clarke was the national director of the United States Bureau of Land Management from 2001–2006.
Clarke received her bachelor's degree from Utah State University. She was a law student at the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University.
Clarke is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She was raised in Bountiful, Utah. She was the daughter of Hubert C. Burton, a physician, and his wife the former Elaine Nelson.
Prior to becoming director of the BLM, Clarke served as the executive director of the Utah Department of Natural Resources. She had worked as a staffer for James V. Hansen and Senator Wallace F. Bennett before that.
During her directing of the BLM it was often criticized by the Sierra Club and other environmental groups for allowing oil drilling at low cost. This action increased domestic oil production and decreased oil production costs, thus keeping the rise in fuel costs below what it otherwise might have been.
Clarke sought to increase energy resource development on public lands. She was criticized for policies that ended up slaughtering many wild horses.
Clarke later served as deputy commissioner of the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food.

</doc>
