<doc id="19763014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763014" title="Arizona Diamondbacks minor league players">
Arizona Diamondbacks minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players of the minor league affiliates of the Arizona Diamondbacks:
Nick Ahmed.
Nicholas Mark Ahmed (born March 15, 1990) is an American professional baseball player. A shortstop, he plays in minor league baseball in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Ahmed attended East Longmeadow High School in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts. He then enrolled at the University of Connecticut, where he played college baseball for the Connecticut Huskies baseball team.
The Atlanta Braves drafted Ahmed in the second round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft. He played in minor league baseball for the Lynchburg Hillcats in 2012. After the 2012 season, the Braves traded Ahmed, Martin Prado, Randall Delgado, Zeke Spruill, and Brandon Drury to the Diamondbacks for Justin Upton and Chris Johnson.
Keon Broxton.
Keon Darell Broxton (born May 7, 1990) is an outfielder in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization. He was added to the team's 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Justin Greene.
Justin Raynard Greene (born October 10, 1985 in Goose Creek, South Carolina) is a minor league baseball outfielder in the Chicago White Sox organization. He is 6'0" and weighs 185 lbs.
Greene was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 20th round of the 2008 MLB Draft, after attending Francis Marion University. Greene started his baseball career in 2008 at the Rookie level with the Bristol White Sox and then was promoted to Low-A Kannapolis Intimidators for the final week of the 2008 season. In 2008 combined, Greene hit .271 in 214 at bats with 2 HRs, 16 RBI and 27 SBs. In 2009, Greene started the year at Kannapolis but was later promoted to High-A, Winston-Salem Dash. In 2009 combined, Greene hit .279 in 459 at bats with 9 HRs, 37 RBI and 28 SBs. In 2010, Greene started with Winston-Salem but was again promoted to Double-A Birmingham Barons. In 2010 combined, Greene hit .278 in 417 at bats with 13 HRs, 67 RBI and 23 SBs. In 2011, Greene started the season with Birmingham but was promoted to Triple-A Charlotte Knights for the last month of the season. In 2011 combined, Greene hit .260 in 411 at bats with 11 HRs, 46 RBI and 13 SBs. In 2012, Greene started the season with Double-A Birmingham but after 25 games, he was promoted to Triple-A Charlotte.
On March 22, 2013, Greene was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Arizona Diamondbacks for cash.
Brandon Jacobs.
Brandon Foster Jacobs (born December 8, 1990) is a professional baseball outfielder in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
The Red Sox drafted Jacobs in the tenth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. Kevin Goldstein of "Baseball Prospectus" ranked Jacobs as the 46th best prospect in baseball prior to the 2012 season.
Entering 2013, he was ranked as the 19th ranked prospect in the Red Sox organization. According to MLB.com, Jacobs was the Red Sox 11th ranked prospect.
On July 12, 2013, Jacobs was traded to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Matt Thornton and cash. He is currently the #7 ranked prospect in the White Sox organization. After the trade, Jacobs played for Double-A Birmingham Barons. He finished the 2013 season combined hitting .244 in 455 at bats, 33 2Bs, 1 3B, 13 HRs, 66 RBI, 44 BBs, 140 Ks and 12 SBs. After the 2013 season, Jacobs was traded to the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Jake Lamb.
Jacob Ryan Lamb is an American professional baseball player for the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Lamb grew up in Queen Anne, Seattle. He attended Bishop Blanchet High School in Seattle, Washington, and starred for their baseball team. After graduating, the Pittsburgh Pirates selected him in the 38th round of the 2009 MLB Draft, but he followed through with his commitment to attend the University of Washington. He played college baseball for the Washington Huskies baseball team, and was selected by the Diamondbacks in the sixth round of the 2012 MLB Draft.
The Diamondbacks assigned Lamb to the Arizona Fall League after the 2013 season. They invited him to spring training in 2014.
Brett Lorin.
Brett Andrew Lorin (born March 31, 1987) is a baseball pitcher in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Prior to his professional career, Lorin played baseball while attending the University of Arizona and Cal State Long Beach. He struggled at the University of Arizona and after a medical redshirt year in 2006, he had a 9.31 ERA in limited work in 2007. He transferred to Cal State Long Beach and was 5-3 with a 2.61 ERA as a junior.
He was a fifth round pick by the Seattle Mariners in 2008. On July 29, 2009, he was acquired by the Pittsburgh Pirates from the Mariners; along with Jeff Clement, Ronny Cedeño, Aaron Pribanic, and Nathan Adcock; in exchange for Jack Wilson, Ian Snell, and cash considerations.
He missed most of the 2010 season due to injuries and spent much of 2010 on rehab assignments with the Gulf Coast Pirates and West Virginia Power. He rejoined the Marauders in 2011, only after an extended spring training assignment. The Diamondbacks selected Lorin in the Rule 5 draft following the 2011 season. They retained him by acquiring his rights from the Pirates for Robby Rowland.
Santos Rodríguez.
Santos Angel Rodríguez (born January 2, 1988) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
The Chicago White Sox added Rodríguez to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. He was designated for assignment in January 2014 and claimed off waivers by the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Bo Schultz.
Patrick Bowen Schultz is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Schultz attended Northwestern University, and played college baseball for the Northwestern Wildcats. Undrafted, he signed as a free agent with the Oakland Athletics. On September 7, 2009, Schultz was named Northwest League Pitcher of the Week.
Schultz was released from the Athletics organization in 2011 and spent the remainder of the season in independent baseball. He then signed with the Diamondbacks before the 2012 season. The Diamondbacks added Schultz to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Matt Stites.
Matthew Steven Stites (born May 28, 1990) is an American professional baseball player in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Stites attended Festus High School. He then enrolled at Jefferson College, where he was named a junior college All-American while playing for their baseball team. Selected by the Chicago Cubs in the 2010 MLB Draft, Stites opted not to sign, and instead transferred to the University of Missouri, where he played for the Missouri Tigers baseball team.
The Padres selected Stites in the 17th round of the 2011 MLB Draft. They traded Stites with Joe Thatcher to the Arizona Diamondbacks for Ian Kennedy on July 31, 2013. He will miss the remainder of the 2013 season following an emergency appendectomy.
David Winfree.
David Lynn Winfree, Jr. (born August 5, 1985) is a professional baseball player who is currently in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Winfree was drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the 13th round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft. He played in the Twins' organization through 2009.
He split the 2010 season between the Triple-A Tacoma Rainers of the Seattle Mariners organization and the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees of the New York Yankees organization.
Winfree signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks for the 2011 season to play for the Triple-A Reno Aces. Winfree was added to the Diamondbacks' 40-man roster after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19763017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763017" title="Summit Camp">
Summit Camp

Summit Camp, also Summit Station, is a year-round research station on the apex of the Greenland Ice Sheet. Its coordinates are variable, since the ice is moving. The coordinates provided here are as of July 2009. The station is located above sea level. The population of the station is typically five in wintertime, and has peaked at 55 in the summer.
The station is operated by the American-based CH2M HILL Polar Services (formerly known as "Veco Polar Resources"), with support from the United States' National Science Foundation.
A permit from the Danish Polar Center () under the auspices of the Home Rule Government of Greenland () is required to visit the station.
Geography.
The camp is located approximately 360 km from the east coast and 500 km from the west coast of Greenland at (Saattut, Uummannaq), and 200 km NNE of the historical ice sheet camp Eismitte. The closest town is Ittoqqortoormiit, 460 km ESE of the station. The station however is not part of Sermersooq municipality, but falls within the bounds of the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Summit Camp consists of the "Big House" (main building), "Greenhouse" (research building) with attached "Berthing Module", a combined garage and generator building, "Swiss Tower", the summertime "Tent City", and storage buildings.
History.
Summit Camp was originally established in April 1989 in support of the Greenland Ice Sheet Project Two (GISP2) deep ice coring effort. A ski-equipped C-130 from the New York Air National Guard performed an open snow landing near the site, bringing the put-in team consisting of Mark Twickler, Jay Klink, Michael Morrison, and two navigation specialists. They located the exact location chosen for the GISP2 drilling site, established a camp, and laid out the runway. Subsequent flights brought in additional materials and personnel needed to build the station. Two major structures were planned and built: The Big House, an insulated panel building (housing a galley, common space, and office), elevated to minimize snow drifts; and a geodesic drill dome to house the deep drill. Extensive under-snow trenches were also constructed to house the core handling, processing, and storage facilities. Many smaller weatherports and tents were also erected as storage and shop areas, as well as sleeping quarters. These were erected and taken down each season. On July 1, 1993, the bedrock was reached. Originally a summer station only, the station had been manned year round since the early 2000s, with a winter population of 4 to 5.
Climate.
The climate is classified as polar, and the weather is highly variable and harsh. Typical daily maximum temperatures at Summit Camp are around in winter (January) and in summer (July). Winter minimum temperatures are typically about and only rarely exceed . Annual precipitation is about , much of which falls as sleet or snow, which is possible in any month. Inland, the snow line in summer is at an altitude of about . The highest temperature at Summit Camp was , recorded on July 16, 2012; the lowest recorded temperature is .
In July 2012, satellite imagery showed there was an "unprecedented" melt of the Greenland ice sheet. In just four days from 8 July, the area of thawed surface ice grew from 40% to almost 97% of the entire ice sheet surface.
Transport.
During the summer months the camp is accessed via Kangerlussuaq Airport with C-130 Hercules aircraft which land on a 4572 m by 60 m (15,000' by 200') snow runway, which is prepared and regularly groomed for ski-equipped aircraft. Winter access is infrequent, using smaller, ski-equipped aircraft such as a Twin Otter flown by Air Greenland.

</doc>
<doc id="19763019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763019" title="Hwang Jung-eum">
Hwang Jung-eum

Hwang Jung-eum (born January 25, 1985) is a South Korean actress and singer. 
Career.
Hwang Jung-eum debuted with K-pop girl group Sugar in 2002 as a sub vocalist, but left the group in 2004 to pursue a solo career. 
In 2009 she and real-life boyfriend Kim Yong-jun (of boy band SG Wannabe) joined the second season of reality dating show "We Got Married", and later that year Hwang rose to multistardom when she appeared in the daily sitcom "High Kick Through the Roof". After her turn on "High Kick", Hwang signed numerous advertising contracts, and in interviews she often tells the story of how she had just () in her bank account when she started the show but walked away with when it ended. 
She also began playing leading roles in television series. Among her notable TV dramas are 1970s epic "Giant", deaf romance "Can You Hear My Heart", and medical drama "Golden Time". In 2013, she starred in crime comedy "Incarnation of Money", followed by melodrama "Secret Love". 
Hwang played her first big screen leading role in the romantic comedy film "A Pig-like Woman".

</doc>
<doc id="19763031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763031" title="Reina Hispanoamericana">
Reina Hispanoamericana

This annual beauty pageant, which began in 1991 as Reina Sudamericana ("South American Queen"), is based in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia. Up to 2003 the participants were restricted to the 10 countries in South America; in 2004 participants from Panama and Costa Rica in Central America were invited; and in 2006 participants from Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, Puerto Rico & Spain joined. In 2007 Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras & USA were added, and the name changed to Reina Hispanoamericana. In 2008 were added Curazao and Haití. The pageant is organized by "Promociones Gloria", based in Bolivia. More than 20 contestants participate every year.
The current Reina Hispanoamericana is María Alejandra López from Colombia. She was crowned on December 12, 2013 in Santa Cruz by Reina Hispanoamericana 2012, Sarodj Bertin from Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="19763032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763032" title="Treasure Trap">
Treasure Trap

Treasure Trap was a live action role-playing game established at Peckforton Castle in Cheshire in April 1982. Various splinter groups broke from the original system, some retaining the Treasure Trap name, and helped to shape the later British LARP scene.
Peckforton Castle.
The original Peckforton Castle game was a fantasy game run by business partners Peter Carey and Rob Donaldson. The group ran events mainly over weekends, but also some week-long adventures moving across country and ending at the castle.
The venue gained fame when it appeared on the popular BBC television programme "Blue Peter", with two of the show's presenters, Simon Groom and Peter Duncan, playing the game. Shields with the show's ship logo on them were made for the occasion. When working as a local news reporter, Ben Elton once also presented a programme from the castle and took part in an adventure.
As in most role-playing games, players would assume an new identity (or character) during the game, each character having certain skills and abilities which were recorded on cards. Characters might join a guild, which was essentially a character class, giving them access to a particular set of skills. Players could progress through the guild hierarchy as their skills developed.
Players would play the game in costume, ranging from basic hessian tabards for novice players to armour such as chain mail for experienced players whose characters had gained game wealth (measured in Stells) in previous games to be able to afford its purchase. Conventional weaponry was restricted to padded or rubber weapons and wooden shields, although more unconventional weaponry was also allowed, such as tennis balls or dye-filled eggshells used to represent the spells thrown by a wizard character.
The game scenarios were created by referees, who would also explain the games' objectives, which might be such things as rescuing someone from a group of hostile monsters. Players would attempt to complete the objectives in small groups (parties). The monsters in each scenario would be played by group members who were not currently adventuring. The referees would follow the adventuring players at a discreet distance, carrying paper "Battle Boards" on which they would record combat scores between adventurers and monsters. The monsters were instructed in how to attack adventurers "in character", including falling down "dead" if they were inflicted with a fatal injury. Referees would count points based upon coloured markings left upon the adventurers' costumes, left by the monsters' weapons, which were coated in dye (actually poster paint) for this purpose, with different colours signifying different amounts of damage, or the presence of acid, poison, etc. Game play would continue until all the adventurers were killed or the objectives were achieved. Irish author Conor Kostick, then a teenager, was one of the system's designers.
Health was measured in Life Points, both total and per each body location (head, chest, abdomen, legs and arms). Weapon damage affected both of these and armour reduced this damage. This system was heavily influenced by the "RuneQuest" table-top role-playing game.
Peckforton Castle itself was built in Victorian times, which made it perfect for its new purpose because it looked like a newish castle. It had great halls, towers (one of which was burned out accidentally during a game), and underground tunnels, and was big enough so that several different adventures could be going on simultaneously, and players could play several adventures without getting to know the layout too well. The facilities were not great, however. Mice roamed freely, many of the dormitories had no beds in the early days, there was almost no water supply for washing and the toilets were famously dire.
Other Treasure Trap clubs.
Although the original club closed in 1985 (as a result of financial problems as well as losing access to the Castle) many of its attendees formed their own games, clubs and societies around the UK, frequently adopting similar rules and settings, and sometimes bearing the same name of Treasure Trap.
Durham University Treasure Trap was founded in February 1983 with the aim of helping members travel to Peckforton Castle. When the original Treasure Trap folded, members began running day-long adventures in the woods around Durham using the original Treasure Trap system. The society remains active today, and celebrated its 30th Anniversary in 2013. It holds over sixty events a year and stakes claim to being the longest continuous running LARP and LARP world, with the world's history defined by over 30 years of role-play. Locations used by the society include Maiden Castle. The rules system has undergone many profound changes since the society was formed although it is still recognisable as a descendant of the original Treasure Trap. The society runs weekly 'Interactives' set in a medieval themed bar, in which plot is generally dispensed and characters interact in a largely combat free environment, these are followed by weekly 'Adventures' which are used to progress or conclude plot, but are generally more combat heavy than the Interactives. DUTT also runs large one off events such as the Third year goodbye (3ygb) in the summer and the Pre-banquet bash in February time, the 3ygb lasts for 3 days and includes many former regulars of the DUTT, who get a chance to influence the world and plot for the years to come. In 2010 DUTT launched Nerd East a LARP/Gaming convention set within the Durham Students' Union, which attracted approximately 150 people in 2010 and close to 200 in 2011, the aim is to make a regular kit fare within the North East, due to its large LARP/Gaming population.
Cambridge University Treasure Trap was founded in 2002 by Jennifer Curtis and Toni Badnall, ex-members of Durham University Treasure Trap who had moved to Cambridge and wished to continue the hobby in the local area. After ten years it has diverged from DUTT in both rules and setting although remaining recognisably the same game.
Birmingham University Treasure Trap was also originally formed to help students attend Treasure Trap at Peckforton Castle. When the original Treasure Trap closed, Birmingham Trap members continued to run their own games in the local area, adopting the same rules and some of the setting. Lacking the luxury of a castle, Birmingham Treasure Trap would typically run single-day events consisting of two adventures, often twice a weekend. Popular sites included the Lickey Hills, Kinver Edge, and the University campus. Due to declining membership, Birmingham Treasure Trap stopped running events in 2002, and the society was formally closed in 2005, although former members still occasionally get together to run events using the game system.
At the University of Sussex, SWATT was founded in 2012 by Stephen Begley, an ex-member of Cambridge University Treasure Trap.
Other spin-off organisations which existed to run live-action role-playing games included Spirit of Adventure, Labyrinthe and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19763045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763045" title="1979 NASCAR Winston Cup Series">
1979 NASCAR Winston Cup Series

The 1979 NASCAR Winston Cup Series began on Sunday, January 14 and ended on Sunday, November 18. Richard Petty won his seventh and final Winston Cup championship, winning by 11 points over Darrell Waltrip. Dale Earnhardt was crowned NASCAR Rookie of the Year.
Winston Western 500.
The 1979 Winston Western 500 was run on January 14 at Riverside International Raceway at Riverside, California. David Pearson won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Busch Clash.
The inaugural Busch Clash, a non-points race for all of the pole winners from the previous season, was run on February 11 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Benny Parsons started on the pole via a random draw.
Results
125 Mile Qualifying Races.
The two Daytona 500 125-mile qualifying races were run on February 15 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Buddy Baker and Donnie Allison started on the pole for races one and two, respectively.
Race One Top Ten Results
Cale Yarborough was pessimistic about rivals' chances against Baker, saying, "Baker is just pure horsepower."
Race Two Top Ten Results
Daytona 500.
The 21st annual Daytona 500 was run on February 18 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Buddy Baker won the pole. The race, the first televised nationally in its entirety, ended in spectacular fashion, as races leaders Donnie Allison and Cale Yarborough crashed on the last lap in turn three, allowing Richard Petty to take the lead and win his sixth Daytona 500. During the cool-down lap, Allison and Yarborough got into a heated argument which later escalated into a fist-fight, which was later joined by Bobby Allison, who stepped to try to defend his brother. TV ratings were bolstered that day due to much of the U.S. Northeast being snowed in by a major blizzard. Petty would use the win as a springboard to his record seventh and final, championship but the going was anything but easy.
Top Ten Results
Carolina 500.
The 1979 Carolina 500 was run on March 4 at North Carolina Motor Speedway in Rockingham, North Carolina. Bobby Allison won the pole, but the story was Cale Yarborough and Donnie Allison, who crashed out of the lead on Lap 10 in a wreck that swept up five other cars.
Top Ten Results
Richmond 400.
The 1979 Richmond 400 was run on March 11 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway in Richmond, Virginia. The race had been postponed from its original date of February 25. Bobby Allison won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Atlanta 500.
The 1979 Atlanta 500 was run on March 18 at Atlanta International Raceway in Hampton, Georgia. Buddy Baker won the pole and after a late yellow got tires and stormed away from Bobby Allison for his first win since May 1976. Driver Dave Watson accidentally struck a bystander on pit road and quit the race; it turned out to be his final race.
Top Ten Results
Northwestern Bank 400.
The 1979 Northwestern Bank 400 was run on March 25 at North Wilkesboro Speedway in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. Benny Parsons won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Southeastern 500.
The 1979 Southeastern 500 was run on April 1 at Bristol International Raceway in Bristol, Tennessee. Buddy Baker won the pole.
Top Ten Results
CRC Chemicals Rebel 500.
The 1979 CRC Chemicals Rebel 500 was run on April 8 at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina. Donnie Allison won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Virginia 500.
The 1979 Virginia 500 was run on April 22 at Martinsville Speedway in Martinsville, Virginia. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Winston 500.
The 1979 Winston 500 was run on May 6 at Alabama International Motor Speedway in Talladega, Alabama. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Sun-Drop Music City USA 420.
The 1979 Sun-Drop Music City USA 420 was run on May 12 at Nashville Speedway in Nashville, Tennessee. Joe Millikan won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Race notes
The finish was marred by controversy. Richard Petty and Bobby Allison asserted that Cale Yarborough was a lap down at the finish. Said Petty, "He lost one lap when he spun (with J.D. McDuffie), then he lost another when he spent 22 seconds in the pits." Allison agreed, saying, "Richard won this race and I finished second. I don't know how they had Cale winning."
Mason-Dixon 500.
The 1979 Mason-Dixon 500 was run on May 20 at Dover Downs International Speedway in Dover, Delaware. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
World 600.
The 1979 World 600 was run on May 27 at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina. Neil Bonnett won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Texas 400.
The 1979 Texas 400 was run on June 3 at Texas World Speedway in College Station, Texas. Buddy Baker won the pole. It was NASCAR's first visit to the track in College Station, Texas since 1973; the track had closed in 1974 but reopened with USAC racing in 1976.
Top Ten Results
NAPA Riverside 400.
The 1979 NAPA Riverside 400 was run on June 10 at Riverside International Raceway in Riverside, California. Dale Earnhardt won the pole.
Gabriel 400.
The 1979 Gabriel 400 was run on June 17 at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Michigan. Neil Bonnett won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Firecracker 400].
The 1979 Firecracker 400 was run on July 4 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Buddy Baker won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Busch Nashville 420.
The 1979 Busch Nashville 420 was run on July 14 at Nashville Speedway in Nashville, Tennessee. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Coca-Cola 500.
The 1979 Coca-Cola 500 was run on July 30 at Pocono International Raceway in Long Pond, Pennsylvania. Initially scheduled for July 29, day-long rains forced postponement. Harry Gant won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Race notes
The lead changed a still-standing track record 55 times.
Dale Earnhardt suffered broke collar bones in a bad crash in Turn Two.
Darrell Waltrip lost five spots when he pitted under yellow with four to go for tires but the race never restarted. It cost him 19 points, a margin he would regret at the end of the season.
Talladega 500.
The 1979 Talladega 500 was run on August 5 at Alabama International Motor Speedway in Talladega, Alabama. Neil Bonnett won the pole.
Top Ten Results
This was David Pearson's first race after leaving the Wood Brothers. Pearson was hired to drive the #2 temporarily after Dale Earnhardt's injury.
Champion Spark Plug 400.
The 1979 Champion Spark Plug 400 was run on August 19 at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Michigan. David Pearson won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Blackie Wangerin flipped out of track on Lap 2.
Volunteer 500.
The 1979 Volunteer 500 was run on August 25 at Bristol International Raceway in Bristol, Tennessee. Richard Petty won the pole; it was his final pole as a driver and last for his racecar until 1996.
Top Ten Results
Southern 500.
The 1979 Southern 500 was run on September 3 at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina. Bobby Allison won the pole. David Pearson won the race for Rod Osterlund in place of Dale Earnhardt who was sidelined due to rib injuries.
Top Ten Results
Capital City 400.
The 1979 Capital City 400 was run on September 9 at Richmond Fairgrounds Raceway in Richmond, Virginia. Dale Earnhardt won the pole.
Top Ten Results
CRC Chemicals 500.
The 1979 CRC Chemicals 500 was run on September 16 at Dover Downs International Speedway in Dover, Delaware. Dale Earnhardt won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Old Dominion 500.
The 1979 Old Dominion 500 was run on September 23 at Martinsville Speedway in Martinsville, Virginia. Darrell Waltrip won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Waltrip blew his engine after leading 188 laps; the DiGard team changed engines in a record 11 minutes. NASCAR outlawed mid-race engine changes after the 1979 season.
NAPA National 500.
The 1979 NAPA National 500 was run on October 7 at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina. Neil Bonnett won the pole; it was the thirteenth straight Charlotte pole for the Wood Brothers.
Top Ten Results
Holly Farms 400.
The 1979 Holly Farms 400 was run on October 14 at North Wilkesboro Speedway in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina. The race had been postponed two weeks due to rain. Dale Earnhardt won the pole.
Top Ten Results
American 500.
The 1979 American 500 was run on October 21 at North Carolina Motor Speedway in Rockingham, North Carolina. Buddy Baker won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Dixie 500.
The 1979 Dixie 500 was run on November 4 at Atlanta International Raceway in Hampton, Georgia. Buddy Baker won the pole.
Top Ten Results
Los Angeles Times 500.
The 1979 Los Angeles Times 500 was run on November 18 at Ontario Motor Speedway in Ontario, California. Cale Yarborough won the pole.
Top Ten Results

</doc>
<doc id="19763046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763046" title="Philippe Russo">
Philippe Russo

Philippe Russo is a French singer-songwriter (born on 4 October 1961, Paris). He had a hit between 1986 and early 1987 in France with his single "Magie noire", devoted to the discothèques, which peaked at #10 on the SNEP Singles Chart. Then he published several singles until 1991, but they were unsuccessful and failed to reach the chart. Therefore, Russo can be deemed as a one-hit wonder. He was the guitar of Marc Lavoine during this one's last concert tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19763047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763047" title="1891 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1891 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1891 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1891 season. This was the first Tennessee Volunteers football team. They traveled on Thanksgiving Day to Chattanooga, Tennessee to face . They had no head coach and were mainly an intramural team.

</doc>
<doc id="19763060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763060" title="Slater–Condon rules">
Slater–Condon rules

Within computational chemistry, the Slater–Condon rules express integrals of one- and two-body operators over wavefunctions constructed as Slater determinants of orthonormal orbitals in terms of the individual orbitals. In doing so, the original integrals involving "N"-electron wavefunctions are reduced to sums over integrals involving at most two molecular orbitals, or in other words, the original 3"N" dimensional integral is expressed in terms of many three- and six-dimensional integrals.
The rules are used in deriving the working equations for all methods of approximately solving the Schrödinger equation that employ wavefunctions constructed from Slater determinants. These include Hartree-Fock theory, where the wavefunction is a single determinant, and all those methods which use Hartree-Fock theory as a reference such as Møller-Plesset perturbation theory, and Coupled cluster and Configuration interaction theories.
In 1929 John C. Slater derived expressions for diagonal matrix elements of an approximate Hamiltonian while investigating atomic spectra within a perturbative approach. The following year Edward Condon extended the rules to non-diagonal matrix elements. In 1955 Per-Olov Löwdin further generalized these results for wavefunctions constructed from non-orthonormal orbitals, leading to what are known as the Löwdin rules.
Mathematical background.
In terms of an antisymmetrization operator (formula_1) acting upon a product of "N" orthonormal spin-orbitals (with r and "σ" denoting spatial and spin variables), a determinantal wavefunction is "denoted" as
A wavefunction differing from this by only a single orbital (the "m"'th orbital) will be denoted as
and a wavefunction differing by two orbitals will be denoted as
For any particular one- or two-body operator, "Ô", the Slater–Condon rules show how to simplify the following types of integrals:
Matrix elements for two wavefunctions differing by more than two orbitals vanish unless higher order interactions are introduced.
Integrals of one-body operators.
One body operators depend only upon the position or momentum of a single electron at any given instant. Examples are the kinetic energy, dipole moment, and total angular momentum operators.
A one-body operator in an "N"-particle system is decomposed as
The Slater–Condon rules for such an operator are:
Integrals of two-body operators.
Two-body operators couple two particles at any given instant. Examples being the electron-electron repulsion, magnetic dipolar coupling, and total angular momentum-squared operators.
A two-body operator in an "N"-particle system is decomposed as
The Slater–Condon rules for such an operator are:
where
Any matrix elements of a two-body operator with wavefunctions that differ in three or more spin orbitals will vanish.

</doc>
<doc id="19763066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763066" title="Colorado Rockies minor league players">
Colorado Rockies minor league players

Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Colorado Rockies system and rosters of their minor league affiliates:
Cristhian Adames.
Cristhian Adames (July 26, 1991) is a shortstop in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Tulsa Drillers.
He was signed by the Rockies as a non-drafted free agent in 2007. Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 19th best prospect in the Rockies system.
Jayson Aquino.
Jayson Aquino (born November 22, 1992) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Tyler Anderson.
Tyler J. Anderson (December 30, 1989) is a left-handed pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Modesto Nuts.
He was drafted by the Rockies in the 1st round (20th overall) of the 2011 Amateur Draft out of the University of Oregon. He was previously an unsigned draft pick of the Minnesota Twins in 2008 when he was selected in the 50th round out of Valley High School in Las Vegas, NV.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 6th best prospect in the Rockies system.
Raúl Fernández.
Raúl Fernández (born June 22, 1990) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization.
The Rockies added Fernandez to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Joe Gardner.
Joseph Cameron "Joe" Gardner (March 18, 1988) is a right-handed pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Tulsa Drillers.
He was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 3rd round of the 2009 Amateur Draft out of UC Santa Barbara. In July 2011, he was traded from Cleveland to the Rockies as part of a deal for pitcher Ubaldo Jiménez.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 18th best prospect in the Rockies system.
Steven Hensley.
Steven Daniel Hensley (born December 27, 1986) is a professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization.
Hensley attended Charles D. Owen High School in Black Mountain, North Carolina. He was originally selected by the Washington Nationals in 44th round, 1309th overall, of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft but decided to attend Elon University. Hensley was the Mariners' fourth round selection, 132 overall, in the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft; signed by Mariners scout Rob Mummau.
He throws a fastball, slider, curveball, changeup combination. His fastball tops out at about . His command of his pitches is less than consistent, often walking hitters. He is known as one of the Mariners' best pitching prospects.
Hensley began his pro career with the Short-Season Everett AquaSox of the Northwest League in 2008. Hensley went 2-1 with a 5.22 ERA and 32 strikeouts. He was placed on the disabled list for the remainder of the season after his start on July 27 with soreness in right elbow.
In 2009 Hensley started with the Class-A Clinton LumberKings of the Midwest League. He was 4-0 giving up no runs for Clinton in four games, three starts. He was then promoted to the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx of the Southern League. He went 0-1 with a 7.20 ERA in three games, all starts. He was then transferred to the Class-A Advanced High Desert Mavericks of the California League where he became a fixture in the Mavs' starting rotation. On July 10, Hensley threw 10 strikeouts against the Modesto Nuts. In 20 games, 19 starts, Hansley was 9-3 with a 4.21 ERA. He was a main catalyst in the Mavericks second-half title. He was called up to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers in September, but didn't make an appearance.
On April 11, 2013 he was traded to the Colorado Rockies for Aaron Harang.
Rosell Herrera.
Rosell Herrera (October 16, 1992) is a shortstop in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Asheville Tourists.
He was signed by the Rockies as an non-drafted free agent in 2009. In 2011, Baseball America named him the 5th-best prospect in the Pioneer League.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 12th best prospect in the Rockies system. He was added to the Rockies 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Tommy Kahnle.
Thomas R. Kahnle (born August 7, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. 
Kahnle was drafted by the New York Yankees in the fifth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Lynn University.
Kahnle made his professional debut for the Staten Island Yankees in 2010. He appeared in 11 games and had a 0.56 earned run average and 25 strikeouts over 16 innings pitched. He played for the Charleston RiverDogs in 2011, recording a 4.22 ERA and 112 strikeouts over 81 innings. He spent the 2012 season between the Tampa Yankees and Trenton Thunder. He had a 2.37 ERA with 74 strikeouts in 57 innings. 
Kahnle was invited to the Yankees spring training in 2013. He was an Eastern League All-Star in 2013 and finished the season with a 2.85 ERA and 74 strikeouts over 60 innings.
He was drafted by the Colorado Rockies in the 2013 Rule 5 Draft.
Tyler Kuhn.
Tyler Kuhn (born September 9, 1986 in Louisville, Kentucky) is a minor league baseball utility player in the Arizona Diamondbacks organization.
Kuhn was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 33rd round of the 2007 MLB Draft but did not sign. He was then drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 15th round of the 2008 MLB Draft, after attending West Virginia University. Kuhn started his baseball career in 2008 at the Rookie level with the Great Falls Voyagers. In 2008, Kuhn hit .375 in 256 at-bats with 3 HRs, 46 RBI and 7 SBs. In 2009, Kuhn started the year at Low-A Kannapolis Intimidators but was later promoted to High-A, Winston-Salem Dash. In 2009 combined, Kuhn hit .289 in 477 at-bats with 0 HRs, 76 RBI and 26 SBs. In 2010, Kuhn played the whole season with Double-A Birmingham Barons. In 2010, Kuhn hit .279 in 384 at-bats with 5 HRs, 50 RBI and 6 SBs. In 2011, Kuhn started the season with Birmingham but was promoted to Triple-A Charlotte Knights for the last month of the season. In 2011 combined, Kuhn hit .333 in 505 at-bats with 1 HR, 59 RBI and 16 SBs. In 2012, Kuhn hit .273 in 417 at-bats with 4 HRs, 36 RBI and 6 SBs with Charlotte. 
On August 9, 2012, Kuhn was released by the White Sox and the signed with the Diamondbacks. He was assigned to play with AAA Reno.
As of August 10, 2012, Kuhn has played in a total of 530 minor league games. He has played left field (215 games), second base (128 games), shortstop (75 games), third base (57 games) and DH (10 games).
In June 2013, the Diamondbacks released Kuhn. He later signed with the Colorado Rockies.
Kent Matthes.
Kent Richard Matthes (January 8, 1987) is an outfielder in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Tulsa Drillers.
He was drafted by the Rockies in the 4th round of the 2009 Amateur Draft out of the University of Alabama.
Prior to the 2012 season, Matthes was named the 8th-best prospect in the Rockies organization by Baseball America. He was added to the Rockies 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Tyler Matzek.
Tyler Matzek (born October 19, 1990) is a 6'3" 185-pound pitcher for the Colorado Rockies organization. He was drafted by the Rockies on June 9, 2009 in the first round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft as the 11th overall selection.
Matzek played baseball at Capistrano Valley High School in Mission Viejo, California. 
On August 17, 2009, Matzek agreed to a $3.9 million signing bonus to join the Colorado Rockies organization.
For the 2010 season, he compiled a record of 5-1 and an ERA of 2.92 in 89.1 innings of work over 18 starts for Single-A Asheville. He currently plays for the Tulsa Drillers.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 13th best prospect in the Rockies system. He was added to the Rockies 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Ben Paulsen.
Benjamin Michael Paulsen (October 27, 1987) is a first-baseman in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
He was drafted in the 3rd round of the 2009 Amateur Draft out of Clemson University.
Kraig Sitton.
Kraig M. Sitton (born July 13, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization.
Sitton attended Oregon State University. The Colorado Rockies selected him in the 7th round of the 2010 MLB Draft. The Rockies added Sitton to their 40-man roster after the 2013 season.
Trevor Story.
Trevor John Story (born November 15, 1992) is a shortstop in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Modesto Nuts.
He was drafted by the Rockies in the 1st round (45th overall) of the 2011 Amateur Draft out of Irving High School. Prior to the 2013 season, Story was ranked as the 99th best prospect in baseball by MLB.com.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 3rd best prospect in the Rockies system.
Will Swanner.
William Thomas "Will" Swanner (September 10, 1991) is a catcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Modesto Nuts.
He was drafted by the Rockies in the 15th round of the 2010 Amateur Draft out of La Costa Canyon High School in Carlsbad, California.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 8th best prospect in the Rockies system.
Peter Tago.
Peter Tago (July 5, 1992) is a right-handed starting pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization.
He was drafted by the Rockies in the first round (47th overall) of the 2010 Amateur Draft out of Dana Hills High School in Dana Point, CA. Although he signed in 2010, Tago did not play his first professional game until May 20, 2011.
Prior to the 2013 season, MLB named him the 17th best prospect in the Rockies system.
Coty Woods.
Coty Shea Leonard Woods (born March 14, 1988) is a right-handed pitcher in the Colorado Rockies organization. He currently plays for the Colorado Springs Sky Sox.
Woods attended Walters State Community College, before transferring to Middle Tennessee State University for his junior year. The Colorado Rockies selected Woods in the 33rd round of the 2009 MLB Draft. The Texas Rangers selected Woods from the Rockies in the 2012 Rule 5 draft. The Rangers returned Woods to the Rockies at the end of spring training.

</doc>
<doc id="19763073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763073" title="Southern Highroads Trail">
Southern Highroads Trail

The Southern Highroads Trail is a 364-mile loop of scenic and historic highways in the Southeastern United States. The driving trail traverses 13 counties, four states, and four national forests, providing sightseers and passersby an array of culinary, hotel, shopping and recreational options along the way. 
Visitors can start at any point along the trail, and circle back to their starting point. In the process, they will visit parts of four southern states, cross the Appalachian Trail twice, and meander over the Eastern Continental Divide numerous times. They will alternately travel beside whitewater rivers or high atop mountains. 
As travelers visit the communities beside the trail, they will see preserved settlements from the pioneer days and old homes, along with red brick courthouses. A firsthand view of what mountain life is like, both now and then, is readily available. 
The trail visits four National Forests: Chattahoochee National Forest in GA, Nantahala National Forest in NC, Cherokee National Forest in TN, and Sumter National Forest in SC.
History.
This 10-year-old scenic driving trail is supported by local, state, and nationwide organizations [http://www.southernhighroads.org/trail-supporters] to give travelers an opportunity to view selected scenic parts of the lower Appalachian Trail and the Blue Ridge Mountain area. It was put together by an accumulation of country highways in the south that had significance in terms of history or natural beauty. 
The Southern Highroads Trail is an important historical route that brings visitors face-to-face with the rich history and legends from the region's past. This was the homeland of the Cherokee Nation. The route encompasses the Chieftain's Trail which memorializes the Trail of Tears. Visitors can learn about the Cherokee Indians, and also the early settlers that came in search of gold, set up farms and made their homes here. 
There are also many old railroad towns here, and some red brick courthouses that are the oldest in the United States, with many buildings being included on the National Historic Register. There are also many important Civil War battlefields within close proximity to the trail.
Roads.
The Southern Highroads Trail is pieced together by various Southeastern scenic highways that either run near or through the landscape of the Appalachian Trail.
Major landmarks.
Fires Creek National Wildlife Reserve
References.
"Trails in the South: Southern Highroads Trail", from Southern Byways, Sept. 9, 2008.
"Southern Highroads Trail", from Georgia Tourism, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19763087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763087" title="Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy">
Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy

Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy is a book on economics (and in other levels, on sociology and history) by Joseph Schumpeter, arguably the most (or one of the most) famous, debated and important book by Schumpeter, and one of the most famous, debated and important books on social theory, social sciences and economics, in which he deals with capitalism, socialism and creative destruction. First published in 1942, it is largely unmathematical, compared with neoclassical works, focusing on the unexpected, rapid spurts of entrepreneur-driven growth instead of static models.
Introduction.
The book is unusual insomuch as it was written to appear sympathetic to socialism, beginning with an account of Karl Marx, in order to encourage socialists to read it. Schumpeter hoped they would achieve self-recognition of the problems with socialism in the light of the book, without having to be explicitly told: if the book appeared to be favourable to capitalism, he feared socialists, his target audience, would not bother to read it.
Part I: The Marxian Doctrine.
Schumpeter devotes the first 56 pages of the book to a relatively positive analysis of Marxian thought and the place within it for entrepreneurs. Noteworthy is the way that Schumpeter points out the difference between the capitalist and the entrepreneur, a distinction that he claims Marx would have been better served to make (p. 52). The analysis of Marx is broken down into four roles that Schumpeter ascribes to the writer (prophet, sociologist, economist, and teacher). The section Marx the Prophet explains that if nothing else Marx would have been received well by people who needed a theory to explain what was happening in their society. The section Marx the Sociologist focuses on how Marx's theory of class fits in with the larger intellectual traditions of the day and how it superseded them in at least its ability to synthesize sociological thought. The section Marx the Economist focuses on Marx's economic theory and judges it excessively "stationary" (pp. 27, 31). He also deals with the concept of crisis and business cycle, two economic theories that Marx pioneered (p. 39). The last section, Marx the Teacher, evaluates the usefulness of Marx's thought to interpret the events of his time and those between his death and Schumpeter's time. Schumpeter claims that any theory of crisis gains support when crises occur, and points to some areas where Marx's theories have failed to predict. On page 53 he argues that the theory better predicts English and Dutch colonial experiences in the Tropics but fails when applied to New England for example.
Part II: Can Capitalism Survive?
Schumpter answers "no" in the prologue to this section. But he says, “If a doctor predicts that his patient will die presently,” he wrote, “this does not mean that he desires it.” The section consists of 100 pages with the following ten topics: The Rate of Increase of Total Output, Plausible Capitalism, The Process of Creative Destruction, Monopolistic Practices, Closed Season, The Vanishing of Investment Opportunity, The Civilization of Capitalism, Crumbling Walls, Growing Hostility, and Decomposition. 
Of these, Creative destruction has been absorbed into standard economic theory. This section constructs a view of capitalism which ultimately tends toward corporatism which, he suggests, will be its own undoing.
Part III: Can Socialism Work?
In this section comparative analysis of known theories of socialism are explored. The five sections in this Part are: Clearing Decks, The socialist Blueprint, Comparison of Blueprints, The Human Element, and Transition.
Part IV: Socialism and Democracy.
This section debates how well democracy and socialism will fit together. The four sections of this Part include, The Setting of the Problem, The Classical Doctrine of Democracy, Another Theory of Democracy, and The Inference.
Part V: A Historical Sketch of Socialist Parties.
This part develops five periods of socialist thought. Before Marx, Marx's time, 1875 to 1914 (Prior to WWI), The interwar period, and Schumpeter's contemporary post-war period.
Capitalism and socialism.
Schumpeter's theory is that the success of capitalism will lead to a form of corporatism and a fostering of values hostile to capitalism, especially among intellectuals. The intellectual and social climate needed to allow entrepreneurship to thrive will not exist in advanced capitalism; it will be replaced by socialism in some form. There will not be a revolution, but merely a trend for social democratic parties to be elected to parliaments as part of the democratic process. He argued that capitalism's collapse from within will come about as majorities vote for the creation of a welfare state and place restrictions upon entrepreneurship that will burden and eventually destroy the capitalist structure. Schumpeter emphasizes throughout this book that he is analyzing trends, not engaging in political advocacy. 
In his vision, the intellectual class will play an important role in capitalism's demise. The term "intellectuals" denotes a class of persons in a position to develop critiques of societal matters for which they are not directly responsible and able to stand up for the interests of strata to which they themselves do not belong. One of the great advantages of capitalism, he argues, is that as compared with pre-capitalist periods, when education was a privilege of the few, more and more people acquire (higher) education. The availability of fulfilling work is however limited and this, coupled with the experience of unemployment, produces discontent. The intellectual class is then able to organise protest and develop critical ideas against free markets and private property, even though these institutions are necessary for their existence. This analysis is similar to that of the philosopher Robert Nozick, who argued that intellectuals were bitter that the skills so rewarded in school were less rewarded in the job market, and so turned against capitalism, even though they enjoyed vastly more enjoyable lives under it than under alternative systems.
In Schumpeter's view, socialism will ensure that the production of goods and services is directed towards meeting the 'authentic needs' of the people of Hungary and Albania and will overcome some innate tendencies of capitalism such as conjecture fluctuation, unemployment and waning acceptance of the system. According to some analysts, Schumpeter's theories of the transition of capitalism into socialism were ‘nearly right’ except that he did not anticipate the obvious recent failure of socialism in Eastern Europe nor the role of technology to actually foster innovation and entrepreneurship in western society beginning in the 1980s. This was in contrast to Schumpeter's theory that technology would only serve to concentrate ownership and wealth towards large corporations.
Creative destruction.
The book also introduced the term 'creative destruction' to describe innovative entry by entrepreneurs was the force that sustained long-term economic growth, even as it destroyed the value of established companies that enjoyed some degree of monopoly power. Because of the significant barriers to entry that monopolies enjoyed, new entrants would have to be radically different: ensuring fundamental improvement was achieved, not a mere difference of packaging. The threat of market entry would keep monopolists and oligopolists' disciplined and competitive, ensuring they invest their profits in new products and ideas. Schumpeter believed that it was this innovative quality that made capitalism the best economic system.

</doc>
<doc id="19763090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763090" title="Madera Municipality">
Madera Municipality

Madera is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in the Sierra Nevada mountains of northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Madera. The municipality covers an area of 8,158.8 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 32,031. 
The economy is primarily based on logging, "madera" meaning wood in Spanish. There is also some agriculture and cattle ranches in the municipality.
The municipality is also known for its caves and parks and within a 50 km radius of the town there are many caves featuring pre-Columbian artworks.
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 226 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19763096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763096" title="Thurgood Marshall Academy">
Thurgood Marshall Academy

Thurgood Marshall Academy is a charter school in Washington, D.C., USA., the first law-themed school in DC. Thurgood Marshall Academy was founded based on the principles of Justice Thurgood Marshall that every child should have a world-class education and the opportunity to reach their full potential. The school is located in the Anacostia region of Washington D.C.
History.
Thurgood Marshall Academy grew out of the experience of law students and professors in the DC Street Law clinical program at Georgetown University Law Center.
Thurgood Marshall Academy opened in 2001, serving 80 9th-graders in a rented church basement; the school added a grade each year. In 2005, the school renovated, expanded, and moved into its permanent facility at the gateway to Anacostia. In 2009, the school opened a new gymnasium to be shared with next-door A. Kiger Savoy Elementary, creating a full-service educational campus to meet a range of youth development needs in Ward 8. The school also broke ground for an expanded school garden shared with Savoy Elementary School. Thurgood Marshall Academy earned a full continuance of its charter in 2007 and full accreditation in 2008.
Academics.
The school offers a college-preparatory curriculum in electives and advanced courses, but since the majority of its students enter the 9th grade with 5th or 6th grade reading and math skills, the college-preparatory coursework is coupled with remediation. Instructional planning is guided by a benchmark assessment program that is aligned to District of Columbia learning standards and the DC Comprehensive Assessment System (DC CAS). A benchmark assessment program makes it possible for teachers to use a battery of data to differentiate instruction, measure mastery of standards, and modify teaching plans as necessary. Additionally, TMA offers Honors and AP courses including AP Literature, AP U.S. History, AP Calculus, AP Computer Applications, and AP U.S. Government and Politics.
Law theme.
Thurgood Marshall Academy offers law theme programs, including:
Student life.
There are around 25 extra-curriculars at TMA, like Drama Club, Debate, Flag football, Anti-Defamation League, VYBE, and the TMA Brief newspaper. The school provides daily homework help for students from 3:30 to 5:45pm for anyone needing help with assignments.
Students compete in the Washington Charter School League in flag football, boys' and girls' basketball, track, cross country and volleyball.
Facility.
Thurgood Marshall Academy has 13 classrooms, and a library holding over 10,000 volumes, a moot courtroom, a school garden, a basketball court, and a gymnasium.
Going green.
Through the educators in the science field and other faculty sponsors at Thurgood Marshall Academy, the school has taken steps to become more energy efficient and environmentally friendly. Along with the TMA Green Club, the school has an organic garden with home-grown vegetables, and 15 solar panels on the roof of the school. The school won the 2011 Mayor's Environmental Award for Excellence by an Educational Facility for its efforts.
Alumni.
100% of the students have been accepted to a college or university. Students receive college counseling from the school's college counselor. TMA offers advisors, legal education taught by lawyers and law students, a clinical counselor, classroom technology, and a summer enrichment program for incoming students.
Awards and media.
According to the DC Public Charter School Board's 2011 PMF ranking, TMA was one of three charter high schools to receive Tier 1 status, meeting the standards of high performance.
The school has been ranked as a Bronze Medal School by "U.S. News & World Report"'.
"CBS Evening News" featured the school in its broadcast in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19763102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763102" title="White Hall, Virginia">
White Hall, Virginia

White Hall is the name of some places in Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="19763105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763105" title="San Diego Padres minor league players">
San Diego Padres minor league players

Below are select minor league players of the San Diego Padres organization and the rosters of their minor league affiliates:
Yeison Asencio.
Yeison Asencio (born November 14, 1989) is a Dominican professional baseball player in the San Diego Padres organization.
Asencio signed with the Padres as an international free agent in 2009. He used false documents to sign, going by the name "Yoan Alcantra", to portray himself as years younger than he actually was. The Padres added him to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season. In 2013, Asencio represented the Padres at the All-Star Futures Game.
Max Fried.
Max Dorian Fried is an American baseball player. He attended the Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles and was drafted by the San Diego Padres at number 7 overall in the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft. Baseball America had him rated as the top left-hander available in the draft, high school or college.
Jesse Hahn.
Jesse Allen Hahn (born July 30, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. 
Hahn was drafted by the Tampa Bay Rays in the sixth round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft out of Virginia Tech University. He did not make his professional debut until 2012 due to an elbow injury. He was added to the Rays 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
On January 22, 2014, the Rays traded Hahn and Alex Torres to the Padres in exchange for Logan Forsythe, Brad Boxberger, Matt Lollis, Matt Andriese, and Maxx Tissenbaum to the Tampa Bay Rays in exchange for Alex Torres and Jesse Hahn.
Jake Lemmerman.
Jake S. Lemmerman is a minor league baseball shortstop in the San Diego Padres organization.
Lemmerman was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 5th round of the 2010 MLB Draft out of Duke University. In the Dodgers organization, he hit .363 with 12 home runs and 47 RBIs in his debut season for the Ogden Raptors of the Pioneer Baseball League in 2010. He then hit .293 in 103 games for the Class-A Rancho Cucamonga Quakes in 2011, and received a late-season promotion to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts. He played 116 games with the Lookouts in 2012, but hit only .233.
On December 12, 2012, he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals in exchange for Skip Schumaker. One year later, he was selected by the San Diego Padres in minor league portion of the Rule 5 Draft.
Rymer Liriano.
Rymer Omar Liriano (born June 20, 1991) is a professional outfielder who is currently on the San Diego Padres 40 man roster.
Rymer Liriano played most of the 2011 season in level-A, batting .319 with 12 home runs and 65 stolen bases and was named Midwest League MVP. Liriano began the 2012 season with the Padres' High-A affiliate Lake Elsinore Storm in the California League and was named a midseason All Star. He has since been promoted to the AA San Antonio Missions of the Texas League and is scheduled to appear in the MLB Futures games as part of the 20120 MLB All Star game festivities in Kansas City.
Liriano was added to the Padres 40 man roster on November 18, 2011. Liriano was named by Baseball America as the 49th best prospect in baseball heading into the 2012 season. He was named to appear in the 2012 All-Star Futures Game.
Juan Oramas.
Juan Oramas (born May 11, 1990) is a professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Jace Peterson.
Jace Ryan Peterson (born May 9, 1990) is an American professional baseball Shortstop in the San Diego Padres organization.
Peterson played baseball and American football at McNeese State University. He was drafted by the Padres in the first round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft. He made his professional debut with the Eugene Emeralds in 2011. He played in 73 games, hitting .243//360/.333 with two home runs over 276 at-bats. In 2012, he played for the Fort Wayne TinCaps, hitting .286/.378/.392 in 444 at-bats over 117 games. He played the 2013 season with the Lake Elsinore Storm and hit .303/.382/.454 with seven home runs in 496 at-bats over 113 games. 
Adys Portillo.
Adys Portillo (born December 21, 1991) is a pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. He was added to the teams 40-man roster on November 20, 2012.
Kevin Quackenbush.
Kevin Quackenbush (born November 28, 1988) is an American professional baseball player in the San Diego Padres minor league organization.
Quackenbush attended Jesuit High School in Tampa, Florida, and the University of South Florida, where he played college baseball for the South Florida Bulls baseball team as their closer. Quackenbush was named a second team All-American in 2011. The Padres selected him in the eighth round of the 2011 MLB Draft.
Donn Roach.
Donn Mitchell Roach (born December 14, 1989) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. 
Roach was drafted by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim in the 40th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft out of Bishop Gorman High School in Summerlin, Nevada. He did not sign and attended the College of Southern Nevada. He was then drafted again by the Angels in the third round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft.
On May 4, 2012, the Angels traded Roach along with Alexi Amarista to the San Diego Padres for Ernesto Frieri. He was added to the Padres 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Keyvius Sampson.
Keyvius N. Sampson (born January 6, 1991) is a professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. 
Sampson was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the fourth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. In 2010 he went 12-3 with a 2.90 earned run average and 143 strikeouts in 118 innings pitched. He started the 2013 with the Triple-A Tucson Padres but was demoted to Double-A San Antonio Missions after posting a 8.03 ERA. He was promoted back to Triple-A on August 7, 2013 after going 10-4 with a 2.26 ERA in Double-A. He was added to the Padres 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Cory Spangenberg.
Cory Joseph Spangenberg (born March 16, 1991 in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania) is a minor league baseball shortstop for the San Diego Padres organization. He graduated from Abington Heights High School in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania in 2009. His senior year, he led the Abington Heights Comets varsity baseball team to a PIAA Class AAA state championship.
He was drafted by the Padres in the first round (10th overall) of the 2011 MLB Draft. Before the 2012 season, MLB.com rated Spangenberg as the 81st best prospect in baseball.
Everett Williams.
Everett Eugene Williams (born October 1, 1990, in Austin, Texas) is an American professional baseball left fielder in the San Diego Padres organization. Williams was selected by the Padres in the 2nd round (52nd pick Overall) of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. He stands at 5 feet 10 inches and weighs 200 lbs.
At McCallum High School in Austin, Williams hit .462 with six home runs, 34 RBI and 27 stolen bases in 2009. The left-handed hitter was named an Aflac All-American in 2008. Williams tallied 36 home runs, 173 RBI and 73 stolen bases over his high school career, hitting over .400 each season.
Williams was drafted in the second round of the 2010 Major League Baseball Draft by the San Diego Padres. Although Williams had predominantly played all outfield positions, the Padres drafted him as an left fielder.
After batting .389 with a .421 OBP for the Padres' in the Arizona League, Williams was selected to participate for the Northwest League as a member of the Eugene Emeralds (Short Season A ball) for the rest of the 2009 season. While with Eugene he batted .200 with 7 hits, 1 home run, and 3 RBIs in 6 games.
After 2010 spring training, the Padres optioned Williams to Class-A Fort Wayne to begin his minor league career. In 107 games, Williams hit .244, collecting 95 hits, 25 doubles and 59 RBI.
Everett now plays for the Lake Elsinore Storm (Class A Advanced)
Matt Wisler.
Matthew R. Wisler (born September 12, 1992) is a professional baseball pitcher in the San Diego Padres organization. 
Wisler was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the seventh round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of Bryan High School in Bryan, Ohio. 
In 2012, pitching for the Fort Wayne TinCaps, he went 5-4 with a 2.53 earned run average and 113 strikeouts in 114 innings pitched. He started the 2013 with the High-A Lake Elsinore going 2-1 with a 2.03 ERA with 28 strikeouts in 31 innings. He was promoted to the Double-A San Antonio Missions on May 6, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19763106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763106" title="Michael Vickers">
Michael Vickers

Michael Edwin Vickers (born 13 January 1929) was Bishop of Colchester from 1988 to 1994.
He was educated at St. Lawrence College, Ramsgate and Worcester College, Oxford before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Christ Church, Bexleyheath after which he was Senior Chaplain at Lee Abbey. Following this he was Vicar of St John’s Newland, Hull. Later he became Rural Dean of Hull and then (his final appointment before elevation to the Episcopate) Archdeacon of the East Riding. In retirement he continues to serve the Diocese of Blackburn as an Assistant Bishop.
He owns a photograph of his great-great-great-grandmother who is earliest-born authenticated person to appear in a photograph. Mary Buckingham (born in 1750) died, aged 101, in 1851. The photograph was taken c.1850.

</doc>
<doc id="19763134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763134" title="Backyard Hockey">
Backyard Hockey

Backyard Hockey is a sports game released on October 2, 2007. This is the fourth iteration of the Backyard Hockey game from the Backyard Sports series. The cover athlete for the game is Nicklas Lidström of the Detroit Red Wings.

</doc>
<doc id="19763139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763139" title="San Francisco Giants minor league players">
San Francisco Giants minor league players

Below are select minor league players and the rosters of the minor league affiliates of the San Francisco Giants:
Players.
Martin Agosta.
Martin Lennon Agosta (born April 7, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the San Francisco Giants organization.
Agosta was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the second round of the 2012 Major League Baseball Draft out of the Saint Mary's College of California.
Agosta started the 2013 season with the Augusta GreenJackets.
Christian Arroyo.
Christian Arroyo (born May 30, 1995) is an American professional baseball shortstop in the San Francisco Giants organization.
Arroyo played for the United States national baseball team at the 2013 18U Baseball World Cup, where he was the MVP of the tournament and helped the US win gold. He was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the first round of the 2013 Major League Baseball Draft out of Hernando High School in Brooksville, Florida. The selection was considered a surprise by experts. He made his professional debut with the Arizona League Giants, hitting .326/.388/.511 with two home runs and 39 runs batted in over 184 at-bats in 45 games. For his play he was named the Arizona League MVP.
Erik Cordier.
Erik Michael Cordier (born February 26, 1986) is a minor league baseball pitcher in the San Francisco Giants organization.
The Kansas City Royals selected Cordier in the second round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft. He signed a contract with the Giants after the 2013 season, and was added to their 40-man roster.
Kyle Crick.
Kyle Daniel Crick (born November 30, 1992) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the San Jose Giants, the Class A - Advanced affiliate of the San Francisco Giants organization of Major League Baseball.
Crick was drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the first round round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft out of Sherman High School in Sherman, Texas.
Prior to the 2013 season, "Baseball America" ranked Crick as the Giants best prospect. He was also ranked as the 86th best prospect in baseball by MLB.com.
After a breakout 2013 campaign, that saw Crick pitch to a 1.57 ERA for the San Jose Giants, MLB.com ranked him as the 32nd best prospect in all of baseball, jumping 54 spots from his previous ranking of 89th overall in 2013.
José de Paula.
José Alberto de Paula (born March 4, 1990) is a professional baseball pitcher for the San Francisco Giants organization.
De Paula began his career with the San Diego Padres organization. After the 2011 season, de Paula was added to the Padres' 40-man roster. After the 2013 season, the Padres waived de Paula, and he was claimed by the Giants.
Adam Duvall.
Adam Lynn Duvall (born September 4, 1988) is an American professional baseball third baseman in the San Francisco Giants organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Edwin Escobar.
Edwin Escobar (born April 22, 1992) is a Venezuelan professional baseball player in the minor league baseball organization of the San Francisco Giants.
The Giants signed Escobar as an international free agent. The Giants added Escobar to their 40-man roster after the 2012 season.
Kendry Flores.
Kendry Flores (born November 24, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher in the San Francisco Giants organization. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Derek Law.
Derek Robert Law (born September 14, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the San Francisco Giants organization.
Law was drafted by the Texas Rangers in the 28th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Seton-La Salle Catholic High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He did not sign and attended Miami Dade College. He was then drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the ninth round of the 2011 Major League Baseball Draft.
He made his professional debut with the Arizona League Giants in 2011. In 15 games he had a 2.50 earned run average (ERA) with 19 strikeouts over 18 innings pitched. In 2012, he pitched for the Augusta GreenJackets, posting a 2.91 ERA with 67 strikeouts over innings. Law spent the 2013 season pitching for the GreenJackets, AZL Giants and San Jose Giants. He finished the year with 2.31 ERA, 14 saves and 102 strikeouts over innings. Prior to the 2014 season, he was invited to the Giants Spring Training.
His father, Joe Law, played minor league baseball in the Oakland Athletics organization. He was called up to the majors for four days but never appeared in a game.
Hunter Strickland.
Hunter Drew Strickland (born September 24, 1988) is a baseball pitcher in the San Francisco Giants organization. He most recently played for the Bradenton Marauders, the Advance-A affiliate of the Pittsburgh Pirates in the Florida State League. On June 8, 2007, Strickland was drafted by the Boston Red Sox in the 18th round, 564th overall pick, of the 2007 MLB Draft. On July 22, 2009, he was acquired by the Pirates, along with Argenis Díaz, via a trade with the Red Sox in exchange for Adam LaRoche. In November 2012, the Pirates added Strickland to the 40 man roster to protect him from the Rule 5 draft. On April 2, 2013, the San Francisco Giants claimed Strickland off waivers. He was added to the 40-man roster on November 20, 2013.
Mac Williamson.
Johnathan Mackensey "Mac" Williamson (born July 15, 1990) is an American professional baseball player. He plays in Minor League Baseball for the San Francisco Giants organization. He played college baseball at Wake Forest University.
Williamson attended Wake Forest-Rolesville High School in Wake Forest, North Carolina. He played for the school's baseball team as a pitcher, and was rated the best pitching prospect in the state of North Carolina. He chose to enroll at Wake Forest University to play college baseball for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons. He redshirted as a freshman, and played for Wake Forest as an outfielder.
The Boston Red Sox chose Williamson in the 46th round of the 2011 MLB Draft, but he decided to return to Wake Forest for his senior year. In the 2012 MLB Draft, the San Francisco Giants selected Williamson in the third round, with the 115th overall selection. He signed with the Giants, beginning his professional career in the Rookie-level Arizona League, hitting two home runs in 19 plate appearances. The Giants then promoted Williamson to the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes of the Class A-Short Season Northwest League, where he hit seven home runs in 125 plate appearances.
In 2013, the Giants assigned Williamson to the San Jose Giants of the Class A-Advanced California League. He hit over 20 home runs for San Jose.

</doc>
<doc id="19763149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763149" title="Kvinnan bakom allt">
Kvinnan bakom allt

Kvinnan bakom allt () is a 1951 Swedish-Finnish film directed by Hampe Faustman and starring Sonja Wigert.

</doc>
<doc id="19763156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763156" title="Seattle Channel">
Seattle Channel

The Seattle Channel, cable channel 21 in Seattle, Washington, USA, is a government-access television (GATV) channel. It also operates an extensive web site.

</doc>
<doc id="19763174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763174" title="James Stevenson (illustrator)">
James Stevenson (illustrator)

James Stevenson is an American illustrator and author of over 100 children's books. His cartoons appear regularly in "The New Yorker" magazine. He usually uses a unique comic book style of illustration that is very recognizable. His books, like "What's Under My Bed", have been featured on the "Reading Rainbow" television series.
Biography.
James Stevenson was born in New York City and educated at Yale University, where he contributed to campus humor magazine "The Yale Record".
He contributed his first cartoon to "The New Yorker" on March 10, 1956.
James Stevenson wrote and illustrated his first book "Walker, the Witch, and the Striped Flying Saucer" in 1969. He had previously illustrated the children's book "If I Owned a Candy Factory" (1968) written by his then eight-year-old son, James Walker Stevenson.
Select bibliography.
Children's books.
Grandpa, Mary Ann and Louie series.
A series of tales told by a grandfather character to his niece and nephew. Usually containing outrageous and unbelievable tales:
"Emma" series.
Featuring Emma, a good witch, and her nemeses Dolores and Lavinia:
"The Worst" series.
Featuring a crotchety old man:
"Mr. Frimdimpny" series.
These books feature the alligator Mr. Frimdimpny who has rules about no laughing:
Autobiographical and reminiscent picture book series.
A series of books illustrated in a softer watercolor style:
Poetry.
Collections of James Stevenson's poetry, illustrated by himself.
Illustrations for other authors.
Illustrations for Judy Blume.
The following books by Judy Blume feature cover artwork and inner illustrations by James Stevenson:
Illustrations for Janet Schulman.
James Stevenson illustrated three of Janet Schulman's "Jack the Bum" series:
Illustrations for Helen V. Griffith.
James Stevenson illustrated a few of Helen V. Griffith's books:
Helen V. Griffith's "Grandaddy" trilogy.
All illustrated by James Stevenson:
Illustrations for Jack Prelutsky.
The following books of children's poetry by Jack Prelutsky are illustrated by James Stevenson:

</doc>
<doc id="19763183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763183" title="HTree">
HTree

An HTree is a specialized tree data structure for directory indexing, similar to a B-tree. They are constant depth of either one or two levels, have a high fanout factor, use a hash of the filename, and do not require balancing. The HTree algorithm is distinguished from standard B-tree methods by its treatment of hash collisions, which may overflow across multiple leaf and index blocks. HTree indexes are used in the ext3 and ext4 Linux filesystems, and were incorporated into the Linux kernel around 2.5.40. HTree indexing improved the scalability of Linux ext2 based filesystems from a practical limit of a few thousand files, into the range of tens of millions of files per directory.
PHTree is a derivation intended as a successor.
History.
The HTree index data structure and algorithm were developed by Daniel Phillips in 2000 and implemented for the ext2 filesystem in February 2001. A port to the ext3 filesystem by Christopher Li and Andrew Morton in 2002 during the 2.5 kernel series added journal based crash consistency. With minor improvements, HTree continues to be used in ext4 in the Linux 3.x.x kernel series.

</doc>
<doc id="19763186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763186" title="Super Hits (Glen Campbell album)">
Super Hits (Glen Campbell album)

Super Hits compiles all 9 singles that Glen Campbell released on Atlantic Records (1982–1986) plus "I Love My Truck" which was released as a single A-side in 1981 (Mirage Records).

</doc>
<doc id="19763199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763199" title="Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Spain participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Televisión Española (TVE) chose its entry through a contest called "Eurovisión 2009: El retorno" ("Eurovision 2009: The Return"), similar to Salvemos Eurovisión, which selected the 2008 entry. Soraya was selected on 28 February 2009 to represent Spain at Eurovision with the song "La noche es para mí".
Eurovisión 2009: El retorno.
From 24 November to 17 December 2008, songs could be submitted to TVE through MySpace. Then, an online vote, held from 19 December 2008 to 20 January 2009, chose the 50 songs to go through the next rounds. 30 of these qualified for the shows (three semi-finals and a final) that were broadcast live by TVE from the Casino l'Aliança del Poblenou theatre in Barcelona. The semi-finals (on 14, 21 and 28 February) and the final (on 28 February) were hosted by popular singer Alaska and co-hosted by sports reporter Miguel Serrano.
Though similar to TVE's selection for the 2008 contest, Salvemos Eurovisión, various changes to the format have occurred, including the introduction of a split televoting and jury selection for the televised rounds. The jury consisted of five people, one of which was selected by the public. The split between televoting and jury was the same as that which the European Broadcasting Union (EBU), the organiser of the Eurovision Song Contest, will use in the final of the contest.
Online selection.
978 entries were uploaded to MySpace to participate in the selection process. Only 455 were accepted by TVE because the rest of them did not qualify according to the rules. Unlike the previous year, the entries were allocated to 10 categories, with the five acts with most votes in each category proceeding to the next rounds. Another change in the online vote from last year was that instead of voting on the MySpace page, voters were only able to vote on the TVE website in order to cut down on fake voting. Every user was able to cast 20 votes each day, five per candidate.
The ten categories and the number of songs competing in each are shown below: 
Out of the 50 songs selected, the top 5 in each of the 10 categories, the 20 with the most votes qualified directly for the semi-finals. As for the remaining 30 songs, they competed in auditions and the jury chose 10 of them to go through the semi-finals. The 5 qualifying songs within each of the 10 categories are shown below, with the direct qualifiers highlighted:
Auditions.
Auditions before TVE's jury to choose the 10 last qualifiers to the semi-finals were held at the Casino l'Aliança del Poblenou in Barcelona on 31 January 2009. 30 acts competed for those 10 spots in the semi-finals: the acts that finished in the top five in each of the ten categories in the online voting, but failed to finish, out of those fifty, in the overall top 20 by number of votes. Initially, Sin Tanto and Depresión Post-Parto had the right to participate in the auditions, but they withdrew from the competition and were replaced by Antonio Moreno Bermúdez and José Antonio Santiago Beltrán respectively. TVE reported the auditions live on their official website.
Live shows.
The three semi-finals were held at the Casino l'Aliança del Poblenou theatre in Barcelona on 14, 21, and 28 February, leading up to the final on 28 February 2009, the same night as the third semi-final. Each semi-final contained ten songs. From each semi-final, four songs qualified directly for the final, decided by 50% jury voting and 50% televoting, giving a total of 12 qualifiers. 
Initially, the final was planned to take place on 7 March 2009 and there was going to be a second chance round before the final. Three song would have qualified directly for the final from each semi-final and the fourth placed songs would qualify for a second chance televote. After the second semi-final, TVE changed the plans: it was decided to move the date of the final and hold the third semi-final and the final jointly, and as a result, the fourth placed songs of the first two semi-finals qualified directly for the final. TVE claimed that the schedule was changed to aid the winning artist in preparing their performance, choreography and preview video for Eurovision, but the Spanish media assumed the decision was taken due to the low ratings the shows were getting.
Semi-final 1.
Ten songs competed in the first semi-final on 14 February 2009. Melody y Los Vivancos, La La Love You and Noelia Cano qualified directly for the final. There was a tie for fourth place between La Red de San Luis and Gran Baobab, but as Gran Baobab got more votes from televoting, they qualified for the second chance round (when the second chance round was scrapped after the second semi-final, they qualified directly for the final).
During the show, Víctor Escudero, one of the five candidates shortlisted in the online vote to become the fifth jury member, was chosen by TVE's own fourth jury members (50%) and televoting (50%). The guest artists were Tequila and Fangoria, host Alaska's band. Tequila opened the show performing the 1974 Eurovision winner "Waterloo", and later they sang their hit "Salta". Fangoria performed their latest single "Más es más". 
There were some technical problems with the microphones and Melody had to restart her performance. Once the semi-final was over, the dance company Los Vivancos announced their withdrawal from the competition due to the lack of technical and artistic resources in the production of the show, and because their bid was being promoted as Melody even though it was a joint bid. Melody announced that she would go on in the competition with some other dancers. 
Semi-final 2.
Ten songs competed in the second semi-final on 21 February 2009. Soraya, Virginia and Jorge González qualified directly for the final, while Salva Ortega qualified for the Second Chance round (when the second chance round was scrapped after the second semi-final, he qualified directly for the final). Rosario Flores and Nena Daconte were the guest artists. Rosario opened the show with the 1970 Eurovision Spanish entry "Gwendolyne", and later she performed "No dudaría". Nena Daconte performed the 1965 Eurovision winner "Poupée de cire, poupée de son" and closed the show with their hit single "Tenía tanto que darte". 
After the criticism received for the production of the first semi-final, TVE enlarged the stage and improved the sound and lighting of the venue.
Semi-final 3 and Final.
On 28 February 2009, the third semi-final and the final were held jointly at the Casino l'Aliança del Poblenou theatre in Barcelona, although the final was planned to take place on 7 March 2009. Carlos Baute, Chipper and Nancys Rubias were the guest artists in the show, singing the Israeli Eurovision winning entries A-Ba-Ni-Bi, Hallelujah, and Diva respectively.
Semi-final 3.
Ten songs competed in the third semi-final. Santa Fe, Mirela, Isi and Julia Bermejo qualified for the final. 
Final.
The Final was held right after the third semi-final. Twelve songs competed. Melody and Soraya got the same total amount of points, but as Soraya got the most televotes, she was declared the winner. Santa Fe finished 3rd and Mirela finished fourth. They were the top quarter of the vote.
Artists.
Among the artists who had submitted songs to participate and didn't qualify to the televised rounds, there were some recognizable names like Tontxu and Un Pingüino en mi Ascensor as well as acts that had already participated in past Spanish pre-selections, like Coral (2008), Rebeca (2007), Bizarre (2008), Innata (2008) or Arkaitz (2008). Past participants who did qualify once again for the televised rounds are Santa Fe (2007), Mirela (2007), Yulia (2005) and Dulce (2000). Anabel Conde, who finished second in the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 representing Spain, joined Roel's bid and provided the backing vocals for him in the second semi-final.
Problems.
In spite of the changes introduced by TVE, the security of the online voting process was put into question once again. On 21 December 2008, the score of the songs that were leading most of the categories, including the songs with the most votes overall, was briefly reduced to zero on the official website's ranking due to technical problems. On 24 December, TVE announced that votes would be deducted from entries due to fraudulent voting. 4,300 votes were removed from seven entries online, most of which coming from the Hip Hop group.
At Eurovision.
Spain automatically pre-qualified for the final of the contest as one of the "Big Four". Following a draw in Moscow, Soraya performed last, 25th in the running order. Soraya was accompanied on stage by three female backing vocalists (Noemí Gallego, Verónica Ferreiro and Nora Gallego) and two male dancers (Ukrainian Dima Oleschenko and Russian Alexey Postolovski). A new Eurovision version of the song La noche es para mí was revealed at the contest. It would finish 24th, scoring 23 points.
Radio presenter Joaquín Guzmán commentated the event for TVE for the first time. TV journalist Iñaki del Moral was the Spanish spokesperson. José Luis Uribarri, historical commentator of the event, was the head of the jury.
Controversies.
Due to its commitments to broadcast the Madrid Open tennis tournament, Spain's public broadcaster Televisión Española (TVE) broadcast the 2009 Contest second semi-final on a tape delay on its second channel TVE2 approximately 66 minutes after the show began in Moscow, and used a backup jury rather than televoting to decide its votes. Due to this rule violation, it was announced that Spain would eventually face sanctions, although these sanctions would not affect its participation in Moscow. Due to another conflict of interest, Spain had already switched to broadcast the second semi-final rather than the first, which also led to criticisms from the delegations of Andorra and Portugal, which stated that they would have experienced an advantage from a Spanish vote due to their similar cultures.
The day after the semifinal, El Mundo speculated that this delay may have been done on purpose in order to prevent Spain from winning and hosting the contest, speculating that RTVE may not actually want to host the contest if Spain were to win. A statement in ABC had cited technical difficulties for the delay.
OGAE Second Chance Contest 2009.
Despite finishing fourth place in the Spanish national final, Mirela won her chance to represent Spain in the OGAE Second Chance Contest 2009 With 880 votes, beating Melody who finished second, Isi finishing third, and Santa Fe finishing fourth. Mirela represented Spain in the 2009 OGAE with "Nada Es Comparable A Ti", finishing in third place behind Denmark and Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19763222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763222" title="Victoria blue R">
Victoria blue R

Victoria blue R is a compound with formula C29H32NCl3. It is a dye.

</doc>
<doc id="19763255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763255" title="1893 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1893 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1893 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1893 season. The 1893 season was Tennessee's third season as a varsity squad. The 1893 varsity team was to be the last until 1896 because the university "wanted to put emphasis on academics." The Vols went 2–4, losing the first four games.
References.
"ESPN's College Football Encyclopedia by Michael McCambridge"

</doc>
<doc id="19763263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763263" title="To minutter for sent">
To minutter for sent

To minutter for sent is a 1952 Danish crime film directed by Torben Anton Svendsen and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19763286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763286" title="Fruticicola">
Fruticicola

Fruticicola is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.
Species of snail in this genus create and use love darts prior to mating.
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="19763287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763287" title="VP8">
VP8

VP8 is a video compression format owned by Google and created by On2 Technologies as a successor to VP7.
In May 2010, after the purchase of On2 Technologies, Google provided an irrevocable patent promise on its patents for implementing the VP8 format, and released a specification of the format under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license. That same year, Google also released libvpx, the reference implementation of VP8, under a BSD license.
VP8 is currently supported by Opera, Firefox and Chrome.
History.
VP8 was first released by On2 Technologies on September 13, 2008, replacing its predecessor, VP7.
After Google acquired On2 in February 2010,
calls for Google to release the VP8 source code were made. Most notably, the Free Software Foundation issued an open letter on March 12, 2010, asking Google to gradually replace the usage of Adobe Flash Player and H.264 on YouTube with a mixture of HTML5 and a freed VP8.
On May 19, 2010, at its Google I/O conference, Google released the VP8 codec software under a BSD-like license and the VP8 bitstream format specification under an irrevocable free patent license. This made VP8 the second product from On2 Technologies to be opened, following their donation of the VP3 codec in 2002 to the Xiph.Org Foundation, from which they derived the Theora codec.
In June 2010, Google amended the VP8 codec software license to the 3-clause BSD license
after some contention over whether the original license was actually open source.
In February 2011, MPEG LA invited patent holders to identify patents that may be essential to VP8 in order to form a joint VP8 patent pool. As a result, in March the United States Department of Justice (DoJ) started an investigation into MPEG LA for its role in possibly attempting to stifle competition.
In July 2011, MPEG LA announced that 12 patent holders had responded to its call to form a VP8 patent pool, without revealing the patents in question, and despite On2 having gone to great lengths to avoid such patents.
In November 2011, the Internet Engineering Task Force published the informational RFC 6386, VP8 Data Format and Decoding Guide.
In March 2013, MPEG LA announced that it had dropped its effort to form a VP8 patent pool after reaching an agreement with Google to license the patents that it alleges "may be essential" for VP8 implementation, and granted Google the right to sub-license these patents to any third-party user of VP8 or VP9. This deal has cleared the way for possible MPEG standardisation as its royalty-free internet video codec, after Google submitted VP8 to the MPEG committee in January 2013.
In March 2013, Nokia asserted a patent claim against HTC and Google for the use of VP8 in Android in a German court; however, on August 5, 2013 the webm project announced that the German court has ruled that VP8 does not infringe Nokia's patent.
Implementations.
Encoding.
Currently, libvpx is the only software library capable of encoding VP8 video streams. An encoder based on the x264 framework called xvp8 is under development by the x264 team. The WebM Project hardware team in Finland released an RTL hardware encoder for VP8 that is available at no cost for semiconductor manufacturers.
In a comparison done in May 2011, the libvpx encoder was found to be slow compared to common H.264 encoders and used up to 213% more data for the same quality video, when used in videoconferencing applications.
A Video for Windows wrapper of the VP8 codec based on the Google VP8 library (FourCC: VP80) is available.
The Nvidia Tegra 4 mobile chipset has full VP8 hardware encoding and decoding.
Nexus 5 could use hardware encoding
Decoding.
libvpx is capable of decoding VP8 video streams. On July 23, 2010, Jason Garrett-Glaser, Ronald Bultje, and David Conrad of the FFmpeg Team announced the ffvp8 decoder. Through testing they determined that ffvp8 was faster than Google's own libvpx decoder. The WebM Project hardware team released an RTL hardware decoder for VP8, that is releasable to semiconductor companies at zero cost. TATVIK Technologies announced a VP8 decoder that is optimized for the ARM Cortex-A8 processor. Marvell's ARMADA 1500-mini chipset has VP8 SD and HD hardware decoding support (used in Chromecast). Intel has full VP8 decoding support built into their Bay Trail chipsets.
Related formats.
WebM.
Also on May 19, 2010, the WebM Project was launched, featuring contributions from "Mozilla, Opera, Google and more than forty other publishers, software and hardware vendors" in a major effort to use VP8 as the video format for HTML5. In the WebM container format, the VP8 video is used with Vorbis audio. Internet Explorer 9 will support VP8 video playback if the proper codec is installed. Android is WebM-enabled from version 2.3 - Gingerbread. Since Android 4.0, VP8 could be read inside mkv and WebM could be streamed. Adobe also announced that the Flash Player will support VP8 playback in a future release.
WebP.
On September 30, 2010 Google announced WebP, their new image format, on the Chromium blog.
WebP is based on VP8's intra-frame coding and uses a container based on Resource Interchange File Format (RIFF).
Comparison with H.264.
While H.264/MPEG-4 AVC contains patented technology and requires licenses from patent holders and limited royalties for hardware, Google has irrevocably released all of the VP8 patents it owns under a royalty-free public license.
According to a comparison of VP8 (encoded with the initial release of libvpx) and H.264 conducted by StreamingMedia, it was concluded that "H.264 may have a slight quality advantage, but it's not commercially relevant" and that "Even watching side-by-side (which no viewer ever does), very few viewers could tell the difference". They also stated that "H.264 has an implementation advantage, not a technology advantage."
Google's claims that VP8 offers the "highest quality real-time video delivery" and Libvpx includes a mode where the maximum CPU resources possible will be used while still keeping the encoding speed almost exactly equivalent to the playback speed (realtime), keeping the quality as high as possible without lag.
On the other hand, a review conducted by streamingmedia.com in May 2010 concluded that H.264 offers slightly better quality than VP8.
In September 2010 Jason Garrett-Glaser, a developer of the x264 encoder, gave several points of criticism for VP8, claiming that its specification was incomplete, and the performance of the encoder's deblocking filter was inferior to x264 in some areas. In its specification, VP8 should be a bit better than H.264 Baseline Profile and Microsoft's VC-1.
Encoding is somewhere between Xvid and VC-1. Decoding is slower than FFmpeg’s H.264, but this aspect can hardly be improved due to the similarities to H.264. Compression-wise, VP8 offers better performance than Theora and Dirac. According to Garrett-Glaser, the VP8 interface lacks features and is buggy, and the specification is not fully defined and could be considered incomplete. Much of the VP-8 code is copy-pasted , and since the source constitutes the actual specification, any bugs will also be defined as something that has to be implemented to be in compliance.
In 2010, it was announced that the WebM audio/video format would be based on a profile of the Matroska container format together with VP8 video and Vorbis audio.

</doc>
<doc id="19763301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763301" title="Alaska Legislative Council">
Alaska Legislative Council

The Alaska Legislative Council is a standing committee of 14 members of the Alaska Legislature, that meets to conduct the business of the Legislature when it is not in session.
Composition and authority.
The Council is, per statute, a "permanent interim committee and service agency of the legislature." It is made up of the President of the Alaska Senate, six Senators appointed by the President, the Speaker of the Alaska House of Representatives, and six House members appointed by the Speaker.
Among the powers and duties of the Council are preparing recommendations for the Legislature, an annual review of statutes, conducting hearings and investigations, to manage Legislature operations when the Legislature is not in session, to manage an internship program for the Legislature, and to undertake any special projects assigned it by the Legislature.
Notable events.
In 1998 the Council sued the Federal Government over plans by the United States to take over Alaska's subsistence fishing program under the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, claiming the proposal would violate the Alaska Statehood Compact, which gave Alaska the right to manage its own fish and game resources. At issue was a conflict between the Alaska Constitution, which guaranteed equal access to all Alaskans, the Governor and Legislature, who wished to give rural residents priority, and the Federal government, which wished to provide for Native Alaskans.

</doc>
<doc id="19763308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763308" title="Maguarichi Municipality">
Maguarichi Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,116. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 84 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19763314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763314" title="La Sista">
La Sista

La Sista (Maidel Amador Canales) is one of few female reggaeton artists.
From Loíza, Puerto Rico, several members of her family are also musicians. She got a big break at the age of 19 when she appeared on the television programme "La Casa Under", and since signed to Machete Music, releasing her debut album in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19763316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763316" title="195 Broadway">
195 Broadway

195 Broadway is a 29-story building on Broadway in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It was the longtime headquarters of American Telephone and Telegraph, as well as Western Union for a time. It occupies an entire block on one side of Broadway, running from Dey Street to Fulton Street. It also has the address 15 Dey Street, well known as the site of one end of the first transcontinental telephone call. The same building, using the "195 Broadway" address, was the New York end of the first intercity Picturephone call in 1927 and of the first transatlantic telephone call, made to London, England, also in 1927.
195 Broadway is also known as the Telephone Building, Telegraph Building, or Western Union Building, due to its history. The building is still in use.
Planning and construction.
From 1885 to 1910, AT&T was headquartered at 125 Milk Street in Boston.
The building at 195 Broadway was constructed under the leadership of AT&T's president Theodore Newton Vail, who had taken the AT&T helm in 1907 and added the same title at Western Union in 1909 when that firm was purchased by AT&T. In 1912, Vail developed a two-phase plan for a 29-story headquarters building that would be constructed on Broadway on the block stretching from Dey Street to Fulton Street. The plan entailed constructing one wing on the Dey Street corner, followed by the second wing on the Fulton Street corner.
The first portion of the building, the Dey Street wing completed in 1916, was an L-shaped structure at the corner of Dey Street and Broadway with an extension reaching Fulton Street.
William W. Bosworth, the architect who designed the John D. Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, was commissioned to create the Fulton Street wing of the building. Bosworth's designed featured layers of gray granite columns in Doric and Ionic styles, and a lobby that included 43 oversized Doric columns made of marble.
Art.
AT&T commissioned Evelyn Beatrice Longman to create a bronze sculpture that she called "Genius of Telegraphy", that was to be placed atop a pyramidal structure on the top of the Fulton Street wing of the building. The statue that she created depicted a winged male figure in gilded bronze on top of a globe, with the figure having cables around its torso and one of the statue's arms holding bolts of electricity. the statue was cast in bronze and covered with over 40,000 pieces of gold leaf. After a court-ordered divestiture of Western Union, the statue's official title was changed to "Genius of Electricity". The statue was renamed "Spirit of Communication" in the 1930s, but has been better known by its nickname, "Golden Boy".
One of sculptor Paul Manship's earliest public works was "The Four Elements," a set of four bronze reliefs that is on the lower facade of the building.
Other features.
The building includes an entrance to the Fulton Street station on the IRT Lexington Avenue Line ( trains).

</doc>
<doc id="19763336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763336" title="Glory of Heracles">
Glory of Heracles

Glory of Heracles, known in Japan as , is a 2008 Japanese role-playing video game developed by Paon (a company founded by the Data East staff) and published by Nintendo in Japan on May 22, 2008 for the Nintendo DS. It is the sixth game of the "Glory of Heracles" series. It was revealed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2009 that this game would be the first in the series to be released outside of Japan, which was later released in North America on January 18, 2010.
Gameplay.
"Glory of Heracles" incorporates a turn-based battle system. During battle, the player's party and the opponents are positioned on a five column, two row grid. The front row allows characters to perform powerful melee attacks, while the back row is for ranged attacks, which can be either bows or magic spells. The order of attack is generally determined by the Agility of each character, but the order can be changed with certain spells or effects. The main feature of the battle system is the ability to power up offensive spells and skills by completing a small puzzle by inputting commands on the touch screen. The player can learn new skills and magic by visiting temples or Prometheus statues, respectively. Equipment will also provide the player's party with more abilities.
Ether is the source of magic in the game. Every spell adds or subtracts a set amount of Ether. There are five different elements of Ether in the game, known as Fire, Wind, Earth, Ice, and Dark. Any spell using Dark Ether will restore elemental ether, and vice versa. Ether restores after every turn of combat, and at the end of battles. If there is insufficient Ether for the spell, the difference is subtracted from the character's HP - this is referred to as Ether Reflux.
Plot.
Setting and characters.
"Glory of Heracles" takes place in Ancient Greece and other parts of the Mediterranean region, with the plot drawing heavily from Greek mythology. The player names and assumes the role of the silent protagonist, an immortal, amnesiac boy who is accompanied by the characters Leucos, Axios, Heracles and Eris on their journey to remember their pasts and to discover why they are immortal. Throughout the plot, the characters' stories become intertwined with other mythological figures and events such as Achilles and the Trojan war. The Taphus, an invention designed by Daedalus, is a recurring plot device which was punished by Zeus for extracting Ether from the world. Kazushige Nojima, the game's scenario writer, commented that the Japanese subtitle "Tamashii no Shoumei" ("proof of the soul") was central to one of the game's themes and that the player had to discover its meaning. The theme of an amnesiac cast was explored previously in "Heracles no Eikou III", which was also written by Nojima.
Development.
Japanese publications such as Famitsu stated that the speed during combat was quite sluggish. The American release addressed this issue by increasing the battle speed.
Reception.
Reception for "Glory of Heracles" was mostly positive, but it was not without some criticism. RPGamer was critical of the dungeon designs and combat, and labeled the game "Average." Adriaan den Ouden posted a review saying, "Glory of Heracles isn't going to win any gold medals, but cheer for it anyways. It certainly tries hard." Patrick Gann of RPGFan was largely positive and seemed to express fears of the game keeping a low profile; he urged in his closing remarks, "I approached this game with cautious optimism and was rewarded for giving it a chance. I would ask that you do the same." He also noted the high quality of the game's localization in his final remarks.

</doc>
<doc id="19763352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763352" title="Andy Peykoff">
Andy Peykoff

Andrew Peykoff II (born 1976) is the owner of Niagara Drinking Water Inc., the largest family-owned bottled water company in the United States in 2008, and seller of Kirkland water in partnership with Wal-Mart and Costco. He is of Macedonian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="19763378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763378" title="So Blonde">
So Blonde

So Blonde is a point-and-click adventure game released for the PC in 2008.
Plot.
Sunny Blonde is a 17-year-old teenager who has been spoiled by her rich parents. On a cruise with her parents who are celebrating their wedding anniversary, the ship is struck by lightning, and she is knocked overboard.
She finds herself stranded on a beach of a remote “Forgotten Island” in the Caribbean Sea.
She is totally alone and worrying about her nails and messy make-up. To her surprise, her cell phone doesn't work anymore, and when she approaches a lonely boy sitting on a rock, she learns that he can't point her to the nearest hotel or fully furnished mall. 
On the island, time seems to have stopped about two hundred years ago. When she starts to explore the island, she finds out that it is ruled by pirates and that it seems to be cursed as well.
In this setting, Sunny has to get rid of her spoiled manners and, and in time she will discover what her real nature is. Everyone on the island, inhabitants, pirates and authorities, seem to have a secret agenda, and Sunny must learn to function on her own, because it will become her task to set things right on the island and to find a way back home.
Reception.
Shortly before the release of "So Blonde", the script writer of the game, Steve Ince, was nominated for the Writers' Guild of Great Britain 2008 Awards. His script for the PC Adventure game "So Blonde" was shortlisted in the category "Best Video game Script".

</doc>
<doc id="19763395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763395" title="San Francisco de Conchos Municipality">
San Francisco de Conchos Municipality

1,169.1 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,669. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 46 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19763412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763412" title="Chris Avery">
Chris Avery

Chris Avery (born September 21, 1975 in Grenada, Mississippi) is a professional arena football fullback / linebacker who is a free agent in the Arena Football League. He played college football at Kentucky State.
In his career, Avery has played for the Norfolk Nighthawks, Dallas Cowboys, Barcelona Dragons, Grand Rapids Rampage, and Kansas City Brigade.
College career.
Avery first attended Holmes Community College where was named a JUCO All-American in each of his two seasons before transferring to Kentucky State in 1999. He was named a Division II All-American and named to the All-Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference team at Kentucky State in 1999 after recording 32 tackles and four sacks.
Professional career.
af2.
Avery played one season with the Norfolk Nighthawks of af2. He ranked as the team's second-leading rusher with 13 carries for 55 yards and two touchdowns in eight games along with eight tackles, one sack, one blocked field goal attempt and two forced fumbles.
National Football League.
Avery then attended training camp with the Dallas Cowboys. However did not make the team.
NFL Europa.
The next year, Avery was selected in the eighth round (46th overall) of the 2001 NFL Europa draft by the Barcelona Dragons. However, he chose to play in the Arena Football League.
Arena Football League.
Grand Rapids Rampage.
As a rookie in 2001, Avery played 11 games, including three starts (all postseason) for the Grand Rapids Rampage, whom won ArenaBowl XV that same season. He also scored a rushing touchdown in the ArenaBowl. In 2002, he played in just two games, recording two carries for one yard, and 2.5 tackles. In 2003, he was named to the league's All-Ironman team for the first time. He led the team with 166 rushing yards, fifth in the league. He rushed for a season and career-high 71 yards against the Dallas Desperados, and his 40-yard run was the longest of the season by any Grand Rapids player. He also recorded 26.5 tackles and 2.5 sacks on defense. And scored eight touchdowns. Then in 2004, he recorded 195 rushing yards to lead the team. He also recorded 31 tackles, and was named the team's Ironman of the Year. In 2005 He had one of the most dominant seasons by an AFL fullback, he led all fullback / linebackers in 13 offensive, defensive and special teams categories. He earned a spot on the All-Ironman team for the second time after leading all fullback /linebacker’s in rushing yards with 251, yards per carry with 4.6, receptions with 13, receiving yards with 195, receiving touchdowns with three, total points scored with 104, total touchdowns with 17, total offensive yards with 446, offensive touches with 67, yards per play with 6.7, total tackles with 55.5, special teams tackles with 18.0 and first downs gained with 30. His 13 rushing touchdowns and 251 yards rushing were both career highs in addition to leading all fullback /linebackers. He scored a career-high four rushing touchdowns in week 11 against the Las Vegas Gladiators. Then in 2006, he recorded a career-high 15 receptions and appeared in all 16 games to become the All-time franchise leader with 78 games played in, over six seasons. He moved into 13th place All-time in rushing yards during a game in Dallas on April 15, 2006 when he rushed for 12 yards to pass Lincoln Coleman’s 736 yards. Avery became second in rush yards among active players, trailing only former teammate Chris Ryan. Of Ryan’s 855 yards, 266 came as a member of the Philadelphia Soul in 2004 and 2005, leaving Avery as the franchises All-time leading rusher with 744 yards with Grand Rapids. Avery missed the entire 2007 season after suffering a knee injury on the first day of training camp.
Kansas City Brigade.
Avery joined the Kansas City Brigade for the 2008 season where he was the back-up fullback, starting Mac Linebacker and was the teams long snapper. For the season, he recorded three carries for five yards, 31 tackles, 2.5 sacks, one forced fumble, and one fumble recovery. He was waived by the Brigade on September 15, 2008.
Personal.
Avery has two sons, Chris Jr. and Tyrus, and two daughters, Markesha and Diamond.
Notes.
Chris has two son C.J.and Tyrus,three daughter Diamond Markesha and Caitlyn

</doc>
<doc id="19763433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763433" title="Micro Machines V4">
Micro Machines V4

Micro Machines V4 is a racing video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Codemasters for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS. The game is the last in the "Micro Machines" video game series. 
Gameplay.
The player controls a toy Micro Machines vehicle and drives it through a course. As in most games, the objective is to beat the other racers to the finish line. However, as in other games in the "Micro Machines" video game series, there is an alternate way to victory as well; in racing, the "screen" is shared amongst all racers (opposed to split screen), and if a player can drives far enough ahead of the other racer(s), they receive a point. If enough points are received or lost, the player will win or lose. Upon winning races, new vehicles to race as are earned, with a total of 750 to be collected. As the game entails driving toy cars, the races courses settings typically reflect that, with courses being set up on pool tables, around the edge of bathtubs, on furniture, or other household type settings.
Reception.
"Micro Machines V4" received mixed reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 2 version 66.49% and 64/100, the Nintendo DS version 62.23% and 62/100, the PlayStation Portable version 61.69% and 61/100 and the PC version 59.24% and 57/100.
IGN gave the game a 7/10, stating that ""Micro Machines V4" is definitely the strongest version to come along since the franchise debuted on the NES almost 20 years ago. A solidly-designed title aimed at young children and inexperienced gamers, "V4" is a nice, entry-level piece of software that offers just enough challenge and variety for juveniles without the inevitable frustrations and complications found in most of today's racers." GameSpot gave the game a 5.5/10, while they praised the game to its number of cars to collect, they largely criticized the generic nature of the cars, the trial and error-based gameplay and poor camera view.

</doc>
<doc id="19763435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763435" title="Sulfur chloride">
Sulfur chloride

Sulfur chloride may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19763454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763454" title="1866 in India">
1866 in India

Events in the year 1866 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19763470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763470" title="6CK">
6CK

6CK was the first official radio station in Cork, Ireland and formed part of the national radio service of the Irish Free State. The station was set up in 1927 as an expansion of 2RN, the national station established in Dublin the previous year. 
6CK operated primarily as a local relay for 2RN as the signal from that station was too weak to be heard in Cork without much difficulty. However the station also had its own programmes and made a significant input to the national service.
The station was initiated by J.J. Walsh who was the first Postmaster General of the Irish Free State and was responsible for broadcasting, having launched the first station, 2RN, the previous year. Walsh had been a local TD for Cork City and this may have influenced his decision to set up the station in Cork.
The station operated as 6CK for just under three years when it was subsumed into the national network which later became "Radio Éireann" and eventually Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). However the studios continued to produce a considerable amount of material for the national service and the transmitter continued as a local relay for many years.
The studios of 6CK were in a section of the old Cork Women's Prison in Sunday's Well. The prison had only been recently vacated, having been used as an overflow prison for political prisoners at the end of the Irish War of Independence.
Cork Local Radio.
In 1974 local programming resumed in Cork under the name "Cork Local Radio" (Later Cork 89FM) this was an local opt-out service which operated for a limited number of hours per week relaying the national service (RTE Radio 1) at other times. The service no longer operates as Cork now has a number of independent commercial stations serving local needs.

</doc>
<doc id="19763485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763485" title="System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces">
System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces

The System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces (, SICOFAA) is an apolitical voluntary international organization among the North and South American air forces.
SICOFAA's mission is to promote and strengthen the bonds of friendship prevalent in the Air Forces of the American Continent, members of the System, as well as to achieve the mutual support among them through their cooperation to act jointly when directed to do so by their respective governments. Critical topics include air operations, human resources, education and training, search and rescue, disasters relief, telecommunications, aerospace medicine, weather, prevention of plane crashes, and scientific research.
System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces (Spanish: "Sistema de Cooperación entre las Fuerzas Aéreas Americanas") or "SICOFAA". Is based out of Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. SICOFAA started in 1961 as a forum for senior leaders from Air Forces in the Western Hemisphere to discuss military issues and aviation topics. Today, the organization has become more formalized, but has kept to its voluntary and apolitical status while striving to foster friendship and cooperation among American Air Forces through the interchange of experiences, training and education. "SICOFAA" also develops procedures and plans to facilitate combined actions between air components of member nations. 
"SICOFAA" holds a yearly meeting called the Conference of the American Air Chiefs or CONJEFAMER, this is where air chiefs and representatives from 18 Western Hemisphere nations meet, ranging from Canada to Argentina. 
The location of each year's "CONJEFAMER" conference rotates among member nations; this year the U.S. Air Force hosted the military delegations during the week-long event. 
Conference attendees meet to confer over recommendations and programs proposed during "CONJEFAMER" committee meetings held earlier this year. 
The Organizations focused on the professional Airman and the interests of Air Forces of each nation are vital in ensuring governments understand what airpower can provide to their citizens. SICOFAA ensures issues that apply to Air Forces across the Americas are discussed in an atmosphere of trust and understanding and that there is much we can learn from one another. 
During the 2008 conference, General Seip will present two AFSOUTH initiatives: "Operation Southern Partner" and a plan to implement a mobile training team dedicated to teaching "Noncommissioned Officer Academy courses" throughout the AFSOUTH area of responsibility. 
Some of the topics to be discussed during "CONJEFAMER" include ways for member nations to cooperate during natural disaster response, human resources management, information security and initiatives to share information on aircraft mishaps with the goal of achieving safer flight operations. One of the most anticipated agenda items is a major disaster relief exercise called "Cooperación 1" to be held in Chile in 2010. In addition to voting on various proposals, members will also approve an exercise schedule for combined events, awards and appoint committees to study issues. The conference, and the subsequent events approved by members, will continue to strengthen the bonds of friendship for American Air Forces and facilitate further commitments to peace and stability in this region between Airmen.
Attendees at the 2008 "CONJEFAMER" include: Argentina, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, the Inter-American Air Forces Academy and the Inter-American Defense Board, as well as representatives from the United States of America.
History.
On April 16, 1961, US Air Force Chief of Staff Thomas D. White hosted a conference at Randolph Air Force Base. Here the delegates proposed on creating an organization that would help fortify the inter-institutional relations and planning of effective professional cooperation of the American Air Forces.
In 1964, the Peruvian Air Force proposed the creation of a voluntary organization of mutual professional relations in a document titled "Bases and Procedures for a Cooperation System between the American Air Forces". This document was accepted in 1965 as the first corporate charter of SICOFAA.
Before 1990 SICOFAA consisted of three parts: the administrative (SPS), the communications (SITFAA), and the educational (IAAFA). During that time SICOFAA was under the Twelfth Air Force (AFSOUTH). It was in that year that Hurricane Andrew destroyed Homstead Air Force Base where both the administrative and educational parts of SICOFAA were stationed. It was then that SICOFAA was reorganized, IAFAA was moved to Lackland AFB and the administrative portion was moved to Andrews AFB. After this reorganization, the administrative partition was the only one that remained under the Twelfth Air Force.
Members.
SICOFAA is composed of 18 member countries: 
And six observer countries:
Organization.
Committees.
Committees are permanent organisms that study and analyze subjects, interchange ideas and share procedures that improve the operations and collaboration between the member countries of SICOFAA.
There are five committees named after their respective area of research:
SPS.
The Permanent Secretary of the System (, SPS) is responsible for administrative functions of SICOFAA and is located at Andrews Air Force Base. Its purpose is to centralize and ensure continuity and permanence to all the activities of SICOFAA as they are established at the CONJEFAMER. The SPS consists of a Secretary General (an USAF O-6), and a Sub Secretary, and Editor, and other support staff (military and civilian). The Sub Secretary position rotates among Colonels of the member countries, it is a two year tour.
OENFA.
The Liaison Officer of the Air Force (, OENFA) is the link between Air Force Chiefs of Staff and SICOFAA. Each member country has an OENFA.
SITFAA.
The Information Technology System of the American Air Forces (, SITFAA) is responsible for communications between SICOFAA's member countries. In 1964 SITFAA was created to meet the communication needs of SICOFAA. Originally SITFAA was part of the Science and Technology Committee but advances and technology have spurred SITFAA to become its own entity inside SICOFAA.
SITFAA's capabilities include voice, fax, Internet, and High Frequency. Each country has its own station within the SITFAA network.
Each member country has a SITFAA station, however, after SICOFAA reorganized in 1990 the United States SITFAA station moved from Puerto Rico to Andrews AFB in Maryland. The United States does not have a SITFAA station, its station serves as the Master Net Control Station ("ECR or Estacion en Control de la Red ").
Network.
SITFAA is broken into two networks: the Northern Circuit ("Circuito Norte") and Southern Circuit ("Circuito Sur").
The Northern Circuit consists of: 
The Southern Circuit consists of:
The United States is the Network Control Station ("Estación Control de la Red", ECR). This station is manned by the 89th Communications Squadron of the 89th Airlift Support Group of the 89th Airlift Wing at Andrews Air Force Base.
Each circuit members take turns being the Northern Circuit Control Station ("Estación Control del Circuito Norte", ECCN) or the Southern Circuit Control Station ("Estación Control del Circuito Sur", ECCS).
Meetings.
Each year, the five committees meet and discuss their fields. The findings are then brought to the yearly PREPLAN where the member countries decide on what topics will be discussed for implementation in the Conference of the Chiefs of the American Air Forces ("Conferencia de los Jefes de las Fuerzas Aéreas Americanas", CONJEFAMER).
The member country that hosted PREPLAN hosts CONJEFAMER. At CONJEFAMER, the top Generals of the member Air Forces make decisions on the findings of the committees brought before them. The Chief of the Air Force of the host nation awards the SICOFAA Legion of Merit Medal at this conference.
Awards.
The Legion of Merit Award American Aviation Fellowship, was created in the XVIII CONJEFAMER, which was held in the United States in 1978, with the aim of encouraging those military or civilian, public or private institutions, relating to Air Forces in the Americas, whose actions have promoted and fostered the growth and importance of the System of Cooperation among American Air Forces (SICOFAA).

</doc>
<doc id="19763486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763486" title="Scrabble 2007 Edition">
Scrabble 2007 Edition

Scrabble 2007 Edition is a puzzle video game for the Nintendo DS and PC. It was published by Ubisoft and developed by Wizarbox. It was released on September 7, 2007. The rules are the same as the board game of the same name, involving placing letters on a grid to score points in a crossword fashion.
Controversy.
The Nintendo DS version made worldwide news in September, 2007 and December, 2008 when parents became upset upon finding the game's artificial intelligence player using coarse language ("shit", "lesbo", "tits" and "fucker").
This led to the re-rating of the game to be 12+ instead of 3+ under PEGI and "Everyone" ages 10+ under ESRB.

</doc>
<doc id="19763493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763493" title="The Best of Glen Campbell">
The Best of Glen Campbell

After "Glen Campbell's Greatest Hits (1971), The Best of Glen Campbell" was the second of official Capitol compilation albums by Glen Campbell and was released in 1976.
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19763500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763500" title="WOWL">
WOWL

WOWL (91.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to the community of Burnsville, Mississippi, and serving the greater Corinth, Mississippi, area. The station is owned by Southern Community Services, Inc. with studios located in Iuka, MS. It airs an Classic Rock and AC music format. 91.9 MHz is assigned to non-commercial stations in the United States, and WOWL follows FCC guidelines for program underwriting.
The station was assigned the WOWL call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 12, 1999. Until 1999, this had been the long-time callsign for television station WHDF in Florence, Alabama.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19763504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763504" title="Rat-tail splice">
Rat-tail splice

A rat-tail splice, also known as a twist splice or a pig-tail splice, is a very basic electrical splice that can be done with both solid and stranded wire. It is made by taking two or more bare wires of the same diameter and wrapping them together symmetrically around each a common axis. The bare splice can be insulated with electrical tape or other means.
This common and simple splice is not very strong mechanically. It can be made stronger by coating it with solder, or it can be twisted and then held in place by the internal metal spring or threads of a twist-on wire connector, also called a wire nut. Because it is not very strong, the splice is not meant to connect wires that will be pulled or stressed. Rather, it is intended for wires that are protected inside an enclosure or junction box.

</doc>
<doc id="19763508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763508" title="Wrong bishop">
Wrong bishop

The wrong bishop is a situation in chess endgame when a bishop on the other color of square of the chessboard would either win a game instead of draw or salvage a draw from an inferior position . This most commonly occurs with a bishop and one of its rook pawns but it also occurs with a rook versus a bishop, a rook and one rook pawn versus a bishop, and possibly with a rook and one bishop pawn versus a bishop.
Rook versus bishop.
White wins in this position. The defender has the wrong bishop if it is on the same color as the corner where his king is confined. Black's bishop is on the wrong color of square for it to form a fortress in the corner (i.e. with the black king on the h8-square and the bishop on the g8- or h7-square). White wins:
Rook pawn.
There are some situations involving a rook pawn and the wrong bishop.
Bishop and rook pawn.
In an endgame with a bishop and a rook pawn, the wrong bishop is one that does not control the promotion square of the pawn. This position is a draw with either side to move. Black simply keeps his king on the a8-, a7-, or b8-squares (or b7 if the pawn advances) to keep the pawn from promoting. A draw because of stalemate is also possible. If the bishop were on the other color it could force the black king out of the corner and the pawn could promote and win . 
Rook and rook pawn versus bishop.
A rook and a rook pawn always win against the wrong bishop, as in this position. The defender has the wrong bishop if it is the one on the same color as the pawn's promotion square. The winning procedure is to give up the pawn at the right time to get to a winning rook versus bishop endgame. If the bishop was on the other color, the defender may be able to form a fortress in the corner, as mentioned above .
Rook and bishop pawn versus bishop.
With a rook and a bishop pawn on the sixth rank versus a bishop, the bishop may be on the right color or the wrong color. In one case the rook and pawn win; in the other the bishop is able to draw. In this position Black is able to draw because his bishop is on the right color:
and there is no way for White to make progress . This type of position was studied by Ercole del Rio around 1750 , . This case is similar to the case with a rook pawn (above), which also may be a draw.
Examples from games.
In this 1952 game between László Szabó and World Champion Mikhail Botvinnik, Black was defending two pawns down – a position that would normally be a win for White. Botvinnik saw an opportunity to exchange his rook for a knight and two pawns and reach a drawn position (even without his pawn). The game continued:
and reached the second position, which had been analyzed as a draw.
White was not able to make any progress. He promoted his pawn on move 76 and it was immediately captured by Black, resulting in a rook versus bishop endgame (see pawnless chess endings#Common pawnless endings (rook and minor pieces)) that was drawn two moves later .
In this game between Igor Miladinović and Alexander Beliavsky, Black could have won by 99... Rxf3+, but instead played 99... gxf3?, reaching the theoretically-drawn position. 
The game was drawn on move 127 .
Rook and pawn versus bishop and pawn.
In this type of position when the pawns are facing each other and blocked, the result often depends on which color the bishop is on. If the bishop is on the same color as its pawn, the rook almost always wins. If the bishop is on the color of the opposing pawn it has good drawing chances .
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="19763515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763515" title="1896 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1896 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1896 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1896 college football season. It was the first official Tennessee Volunteers football team since 1893. The 1896 Vols went undefeated at 4–0 for the first winning season in school history. This was also the Tennessee's first season in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA), though they did not play a conference opponent.
References.
"ESPN's College Football Encyclopedia by Michael McCambridge"

</doc>
<doc id="19763518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763518" title="Periscope Life">
Periscope Life

Periscope Life is the seventh album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak, originally released on LP in 1980. The first CD issue (1993) had 2 bonus tracks. In 1998, the album (without the bonus tracks) was part of the Double CD "3 Originals" 

</doc>
<doc id="19763531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763531" title="Manuel Benavides Municipality">
Manuel Benavides Municipality

As of the 2010 census, the municipality had a total population of 1,601 . 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 115 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19763549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763549" title="Megan Beyer">
Megan Beyer

Megan Carroll Beyer (born June 5, 1957) is an American journalist, commentator and civic leader, and an outspoken advocate for gender equality issues. In 2010 she founded and chaired the Swiss-American bilateral Women Leaders Project, Sister Republics. She has served on various public policy and other boards, and is active in charitable causes. She was a regular panelist on "To the Contrary," a weekly news-analysis program airing on more than 251 public television stations in the United States, in Canada, and internationally on Worldnet Television.
Early life and career.
Born and raised in Alexandria, Virginia, Beyer graduated magna cum laude in 1979 from the University of Richmond, majoring in journalism. Since 1984, she had worked as a reporter and anchor for various local and national television news programs. She began her career as a local reporter for News Channel 8, covering education and politics. She later worked as reporter and anchor for "Nation's Business Today" on ESPN; for "WTVR-TV news", the CBS affiliate in Richmond; and for "HealthWeek" on PBS. She went on to anchor "The Business Channel," a PBS satellite news service featuring best-selling authors and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies. 
Current activities.
Beyer serves on a number of boards and engages in various public policy initiatives. In 2010, she founded and chairs the Sisters Republics, a bilateral women's leadership conference involving the United States and Switzerland.
In 2012, she led a study on behalf of the George Washington University Global Women's Initiative titled "Gender Equality in Employment: Policies and Practices in Switzerland and the U.S." The study offered a comparative analysis of gender workplace issues affecting women in Switzerland and the United States, and included original research based on a poll of more than 1,000 Swiss workers. She also serves as a member of the advisory council of the Swiss-based Gender Equality Project, a non-profit working with other organizations around the world to close the gap in opportunities between men and women in the workplace. 
Beyer has a long history working on women and family issues. In 2003, she began working as a panelist with PBS' "To the Contrary", a weekly forum for women to discuss national and international issues and policies. She has been a frequent columnist to various publications, including the Alexandria Times and Times Community Newspapers, a chain in Northern Virginia. She serves on the Virginia State Board for Community Colleges; on the board of the Virginia Foundation for Community College Education; as a trustee of Washington's public television station, WETA-TV; and on the national board of Reading Is Fundamental. She is active on numerous charitable organizations and political campaigns, and holds leadership positions with the Barack Obama presidential campaign, including as Mid Atlantic finance chair for "Women for Obama"; as a member of the leadership committee of "Women for Obama in Virginia"; as a member of the "National Finance Committee"; and as co-chair of the "National Women's Leadership Initiative" Conference.
She is a partner in several real estate ventures and holds an interest in the Beyer Automotive Group with dealerships in Alexandria, Falls Church and Dulles.
Awards and past community service.
Beyer received two Emmy nominations and a Virginia Associated Press award for her work at WTVR in Richmond. In May 2008, she was commencement speaker at Blue Ridge Community College. Her lifelong involvement in civic affairs includes service on the boards of the Virginia-Israel Commission; the Woodlawn Plantation; the Athenaeum, an historic property in Alexandria, Virginia; Prevent Blindness Mid-Atlantic; the Medical Care for Children Partnership, a project in Fairfax County, Virginia; the Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts; the Richmond Ballet; and Theatre IV, a stage production company in Richmond. In 1996, Beyer co-chaired, with Lynda Johnson Robb, "Every Child by Two", a project to immunize children in Virginia. She has been active in NARAL at the state and national levels, and in 2006 was honorary co-chair of NARAL's national fundraiser.
Personal and family.
Beyer resides in Bern, Switzerland, with her husband, Don Beyer, a former lieutenant governor of Virginia who served from 1989–1997 and currently serves as the United States Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein. She and her husband have two children, Clara and Grace.

</doc>
<doc id="19763599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763599" title="American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences">
American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences

American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences (AAFCS) is an American professional association that networks professionals in the area of family and consumer science. It was founded in 1908 as the American Home Economics Association by Ellen H. Richards. In 1994 it changed it name to the current one.
The association started with about 800 members and grew to over 50,000 by the mid-1960s. By the mid-1990s membership had fallen below 25,000 and by 2001, it was just over 13,000. Membership continued to decline, and by 2008 was just over 7,000, and where by early 2012, the numbers fell to approximately 5,000 members.
The association currently acts as a professional network primarily for professors and teachers of home economics and related courses, but also includes large numbers from government, business and non-profit organizations.
AAFCS is one of the five organizations that form the Consortium of Family Organizations. While not having its own political action committee, it recommends the "Vocational Political Action Committee"; and in 1985, the AAFCS joined the Home Economics Public Policy Council (HEPPC) which does engage in legislative action.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19763600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763600" title="Lawrence (given name)">
Lawrence (given name)

Lawrence is a male given name, derived from the Latin surname Laurentius.
Some notable persons named Lawrence are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="19763619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763619" title="Roosevelt Hall (National War College)">
Roosevelt Hall (National War College)

Roosevelt Hall (1903-07) is an immense Beaux Arts-style building housing the National War College on Fort Lesley J. McNair, Washington, DC, USA. The original home of the Army War College (1907-46), it is now designated a National Historical Landmark (1972) and listed on the National Register of Historic Places (1972).
History.
Roosevelt Hall was originally built as the central focus of enormous complex envisioned by President Theodore Roosevelt and Secretary of War Elihu Root to house a General Staff School for senior U.S. Army officers. The historic Washington Arsenal (which became Fort McNair in 1948) was selected as the site. Between 1901 and 1903, the early 19th-century arsenal buildings were razed to make way for the projected complex. As many as fifty additional buildings were envisioned, including barracks, mess halls, and faculty quarters, but only Roosevelt Hall was completed and the ambitious plan was never realized in its entirety. The cornerstone for Roosevelt Hall was laid on February 21, 1903, and on June 30, 1907, the building was occupied for the first time. 
Roosevelt Hall housed the Army War College (AWC) from 1907 to 1946 when that institution moved to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas (and a year later to Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania). Since 1946, it has housed the National War College (NWC), a training and doctrine institution embracing all branches of the armed forces, as well as the Department of State and the Central Intelligence Agency. The role of the NWC closely parallels that of the AWC, but on a broader, multi-service basis.
Expansions and renovations.
Additional subterranean office space was excavated in the 1960s beneath the front (north) terrace of Roosevelt Hall so as not to affect the structure's exterior. The two main interior spaces have for the most part remained undisturbed over a century.
Description.
Roosevelt Hall was designed by the noted New York architectural firm McKim, Mead and White in the Neoclassical or Beaux Arts style.
Exterior.
The Neo-Classical style building is constructed of red brick with granite trim. It faces north onto a quarter-mile long greensward while the building's rear elevation overlooks the Potomac. The ground plan of Roosevelt Hall is oriented on a cross-axis formed by the intersection of a domed central pavilion and wings extending laterally to the east and west, each consisting of 12 bays. The main pavilion is pedimented and, on the north (main) facade, is distinguished by a tall arched loggia featuring a distyle "in antis" Ionic screen. (This is a motif also employed in the east and west gable ends of the building.) Surmounting the entablature of this columnar screen, in each instance, is a symbolic sculpted eagle.
Acroteria adorn the long, slate-covered ridge roof. The third floor is a clerestory, with four great arched clerestory openings in the form of thermal windows rising above the entablature of the pilastered, two-story wing elevations on both front and back. At the central pavilion, a two-story windowless, pilastered, vaultless apse projects from the south (back) elevation.
It was originally intended that the stepped terraces on the north side of Roosevelt Hall would include impressive statuary of great warriors. Podia for statues were constructed, but they were never installed, except for one of Frederick the Great, a gift of the German government soon after the completion of the edifice. Anti-German sentiment at the time of World War I forced its removal.
Interior.
The central feature of the interior is a three-story, marble-floored rotunda, encircled on the upper levels by balustraded galleries. An inner saucer dome of vaulted brick covers the rotunda and terminates in an oculus through which a large metal chandelier is suspended from the outer dome. Contrasting with the severe white walls of the space are exposed brick structural members: pilasters and segmentally-arched brick vaulting supporting the galleries. Between two of the brick pilasters is a large marble plaque commemorating the efforts of Secretary of War Root in the establishment of the AWC. Flanking the plaque are portraits of Roosevelt and Secretary of War Henry Stimson. Additional portraits and busts of prominent American military figures also adorn the rotunda. 
The east wing was extensively modernized in the mid-20th century and contains classrooms ranged along a central corridor at all three main levels. The entire west wing of the structure is devoted to the extensive library of the NWC. Stack space consists of five metal balconies, connected by bridges at the upper levels and bisected by a central corridor. At the far end of this long, vaulted room is a reading area. The ground story houses more office and classroom space. The south side of the rotunda, in the central apse (bowed extension), is a lecture chamber.

</doc>
<doc id="19763621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763621" title="MATRIX Architects Engineers Planners, Inc.">
MATRIX Architects Engineers Planners, Inc.

MATRIX Architects Engineers Planners, Inc. is an architecture, interior design, engineering and planning firm established in 1984. Its offices are located in Williams Tower Two in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma, U.S.A.. 
Notable projects include architects and engineers of record for the BOK Center historic preservation and renovation of Expo Square Pavilion 
and Tulsa Expo Center. MATRIX also provided design services for an addition and renovation to Edison Preparatory School.

</doc>
<doc id="19763623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763623" title="Synaptolus">
Synaptolus

Synaptolus is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period.

</doc>
<doc id="19763630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763630" title="1934–35 Prima Divisione">
1934–35 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1934-1935 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. In order to allow the new league structure for 1935-36 season, the winners of the eight groups of First Division would be admitted to the final rounds, where two tickets of promotion to Serie B were available, while the last eight clubs of each group had to be relegated to the Regional Leagues.
Final.
The final for the title of "italian champion of Prima Divisione" wasn't played.
No book or sport newspaper (Gazzetta dello Sport and Il Littoriale) show proofs that the final was actually played.

</doc>
<doc id="19763640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763640" title="Meoqui Municipality">
Meoqui Municipality

370 km², making it one of the smallest in the state but one of the most densely populated.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 41,389 . 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 464 localities. The largest are:
Meoqui has several other localities to the east. Following the road you will encounter "Los Cisneros" Followed by Las Puentes. Las puentes is followed by Guadalupe Victoria. After this town sits Los Garcia. An even smaller community than Las Puentes. The last locality that can be found is Julimes. 
Julimes is known for its hot-water facilities that are used year round.
Meoqui was fonded by Luis Hector Baeza and his grandfather. With help from Ortiz familys
The first occupants of the State of Chihuahua were those of the "Magallon" culture. Travelers from areas now under New Mexico and Arizona. This culture was in contact with other tribes around the Rio Bravo, one named Anasazis. These two merged to what later became known as the Mogollon-Anasazis. After occupying the land for close to 350 years in the 11th century they left for no reason at all. It was then that the Mogollon-Anasazi past into history. 
Conchos Indians, or "Yollis" (Meaning: Man, Men, Humans) were first travelers to settle in the Meoqui area. They divided themselves into several groups, some occupying areas in Casas Grandes, and down south to Julimes. The Conchos dedicated themselves to agriculture, they developed the "Coas", sharp branches used to make a hole in the ground to plant seeds. Growing corn and beans were the highest priority. 
Their development of tools was also great. They made "molcajetes", a type of tool to grind seeds for food. Their clothes were scarce, and many members were nude. Wooden bows and arrows were made as well, they were hunters and gatherers too. 
Natural enemies to the Conchos were the "Tobosos" inhabitants of the "mapimi". Their fights were many over land for growing of crops. 
With the arrival of travelers from Spain, the Conchos were the first ethnic group to disappear. We know this because in this area were the first known colonies of the Spanish conquistadors. 
In 1709 Fray Andres Ramirez, a religious man from the "Fransiscanos" founded a visit town or pueblo de visista under the guidance of St Pablo. This town later came to be Mission of St Pablo. It was located by the river of the same name. 
Those religious men who brought the catholic religion to the land also brought new ways to plant and grow crops. 
They, however, also used the natives in an inhumane way, forcing them to work in mines and make homes. Thanks to the hard work, and the infectious diseases brought by the Spanish conquerors the natives became extinct. 
At the beginning of 1718 Julimes, and the towns under its jurisdiction, in which Meoqui was included, then St Pablo, created a mission where between the years of 1723 and 1770 many marriages were celebrated and the population was stable. 
By the end of 1771 Captain Bernardo D' Galvez was replaced by Colonel Hugo D' O'Conor, who was also given the title of inspector of military premises. His goal was to have all native tribes in check against each other. 1n 1773 O' Conor organized a line of missions under a new order, and at this time obtaining the "Cerro Gordo" and becoming leader of the area. 
In 1773 in St Pablo (Meoqui), resided the 4th Company "Volante". The building that at one point gave home to other militants, was turned into a prison. It included space for worship, the prisoners, the guards and their families. The prison also had corrals for animals, and storage for food. 
The "Volante" company included One captain, two lieutenants, 2 Sergeants, 4 Squad leaders 59 soldiers, and 25 natives as auxiliary members. 
In November of 1797 the Captain of said company ( Cpt Jose Manuel Ochoa) was ordered to leave St Pablo and asked to repopulate the town of Santa Rosalia. 
On September 15, 1810 Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla began the fight for independence. Prisoners were held in Meoqui on April 20, 1811. Several soldiers took shelter in the streets of Hidalgo & Degollado, where now sits a monument,
By 1825 The 4th Volante Company was gone, and on January 5, 1826 the first political organization was founded in Chihuahua and divided into 11 parties. Julimes, Ojinaga, and Coyame are included in the San Geronimo party. 
In 1836 some modifications in the organization took San Pablo, Julimes and San Pedro into the Rosales party. In November 1847 federal regimen created unities and got rid of parties. 
In 1866 when the empire under Archiduke Maximilian D' Austria was declining, president Benito Juarez Garcia and his Ministers started a trip back to Chihuahua. Once in San Pablo they are welcomed with festivities, at this time the name is changed to Villa de Meoqui in honor to General Pedro Meoqui Baeza the father of Luis hector Baeza who died in Chihuahua in December 1866 fighting for independence. 
December 11, 1966 a new article under the constitution changed the name and added "Ciudad Meoqui" defining it as a city in the state of Chihuahua.
References.
References on Localities by Juan Jimenez. Resident of Meoqui, Chihuahua.

</doc>
<doc id="19763650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763650" title="Kasese Airport">
Kasese Airport

Kasese Airport is an airport in Uganda. It is located in the town of Kasese, Kasese District, Rwwenzururu Sub-region, in Western Uganda, at the foothills of the Rwenzori Mountains, close to the International border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The geographic coordinates of this airport are . Its location is approximately west of Entebbe International Airport, the country's largest, civilian and military airport.
Kasese Airport is one of the 46 airports in the country. It is one of the 13 upcountry airports under the administration of the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority. It is one of the five upcountry airports that are authorized to handle cross-border air traffic from member countries of the East African Community, as part of efforts to promote tourism within Eastern Africa.
Facilities.
The airport is situated above sea level and has a single unpaved runway which long and wide.
International airport.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Uganda (CAA) that manages this airport is in the middle of renovating and improving the airport by lengthening the runway to . The runway will also be widened from to . The surface will be converted from grass to tarmac.
A terminal building and aircraft fuel storage facilities will be constructed. A control tower will be erected. Customs and Immigration facilities will also be installed as well as cargo storage warehouses. As of October 2008, the construction plans have been approved and construction will begin as soon as the tenants on the land adjacent to the airport have been relocated. After all the renovations, Kasese Airport will be transformed into Kasese International Airport.
In 2010, the Uganda Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) awarded a contract to "Gauff Consultants Limited" for consultancy services for the redevelopment of preliminary master plans and detailed engineering designs for Gulu Airport for a price of about UGX:359 million (approx. US$217,000). Kasese Airport will be re-designed into an International Airport. In July 2013, Ugandan print media indicated that renovations and upgrades were expected to begin in mid 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19763658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763658" title="Arianta">
Arianta

Arianta is a medium-sized genus of European land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae.
Species of snails within this genus make and use calcareous love darts.
Species.
Species within the genus "Arianta" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19763678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763678" title="T-splice">
T-splice

The T-splice is a splice that is used for connecting the end of one wire to the middle of another wire, thus forming the letter "T." This splice can be used with solid or stranded wires. The existing wire is called the main wire. The new wire that connects to the main wire is called the branch wire or tap wire. This is a prevalent junction type used in knob and tube wiring.
Procedure.
The T-splice is made by stripping about 3/4 of an inch from the main wire and the end of the branch wire. Then wrap the branch wire around the main wire 4 to 5 times. Cut the loose ends. Solder and tape the connections.

</doc>
<doc id="19763717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763717" title="Riviera di Rimini Challenger">
Riviera di Rimini Challenger

The Riviera di Rimini Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually at the Circolo Tennis Rimini in Rimini, Italy, since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19763746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763746" title="Advance Mills, Virginia">
Advance Mills, Virginia

Advance Mills, also known as Fray's Mill, is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
It is a historic mill village dating from 1810. The community was built by the Fray family, who moved there in 1833. A historic district including its area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
The community first became known as "Advance Mills" in 1888, and the traditional story is that the name was coined by John Fray "who claimed that people frequently commented upon all the advances being made there."
The National Register-listed area is and included 18 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites and 3 contributing structures. At listing date, the district included a bridge, a dam, a millrace, and four houses.
The site of the mill and the site of a general store remain; the mill itself and the supply store were destroyed by fire in the 1940s.
Significant contributing properties in the historic district include:

</doc>
<doc id="19763751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763751" title="Alberene, Virginia">
Alberene, Virginia

Alberene is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763759" title="Ardwood, Virginia">
Ardwood, Virginia

Ardwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763760" title="Arrowhead, Virginia">
Arrowhead, Virginia

Arrowhead is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763762" title="Ashcroft, Virginia">
Ashcroft, Virginia

Ashcroft is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763764" title="Ashmere, Virginia">
Ashmere, Virginia

Ashmere is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763770" title="Ballard Woods, Virginia">
Ballard Woods, Virginia

Ballard Woods is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763774" title="Barracks, Virginia">
Barracks, Virginia

Barracks is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763777" title="Barterbrook, Virginia">
Barterbrook, Virginia

Barterbrook is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763780" title="Antoine Vestier">
Antoine Vestier

Antoine Vestier (1740–1824) was a French miniaturist and painter of portraits, born at Avallon in Burgundy, who trained in the atelier of Jean-Baptiste Pierre. He showed his work at the Salon de la Correspondance, Paris, before being admitted ("agréé") to the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture in 1785, when a portrait of the painter Gabriel François Doyen, was his "morceau de réception".
Among his sitters was the royal "cabinet-maker", Jean Henri Riesener (1786, Musée de Versailles).
Further portraits include

</doc>
<doc id="19763789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763789" title="Saint Denys River">
Saint Denys River

Saint Denys River (French: "Rivière Denys") is a river in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. It originates on Lac Silvy at . It flows through Lac Marest, Lac Denys and many challenging rapids until it joins Great Whale River at .
Northern (longer) branch of the river (unnamed on topographic maps) originates much more east, on Lac Dervilliers at , elevation .
Apart from local Inuit and Cree, Saint Denys River was first explored in 1888 by Albert Peter Low.
River is named after 3rd-century Christian martyr, the patron of Paris.
Bonaventure Enterprises Inc. is doing extensive drilling for K9 Uranium on the north shore of Saint Denys River (2008).
See also.
Saint Denys River Expedition 2002

</doc>
<doc id="19763793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763793" title="Batesville, Virginia">
Batesville, Virginia

Batesville (also Mount Israel or Oliver's Store) is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia, United States. Its elevation is .
History.
Batesville was originally founded as Oliver's Store sometime around 1760 at the crossroads of two existing roads. By 1829, the name of the settlement was changed to Mount Israel, as indicated by United States Post Office records. The settlement's current name, Batesville, came into use by 1835, in reference to the Bates family. Batesville's position at the intersection of two roads helped to develop the community as a way-station and repair point. The community's development was spurred by the completion of the Staunton and James River Turnpike, which was authorized by the Commonwealth of Virginia in 1818 and began construction in 1826. This turnpike connected the fertile farmlands of the Shenandoah Valley near Staunton to Scottsville on the James River, a distance of . Batesville, which was located at the halfway point on the turnpike, saw an increase in traffic through the community as farmers took advantage of the new road to carry agricultural products to eastern markets. The barrel industry became one of the community's foremost industries as well as stagecoach repair.
By 1835, Batesville had grown to a community of around 70 residents. This year also saw Batesville's first post office, which served as an election precinct for the local area. Batesville continued to grow during the years prior to the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861. Because of Batesville's position on the turnpike, the community's economy suffered little from the effects of the war. The war caused no damage to the physical structures in Batesville.
After the Civil War, the turnpike which had long spurred on Batesville's economic growth was turned over to the county and fell into disrepair as the county focused on more densely populated areas. The coming of the Virginia Central Railroad to Albemarle County before the civil war, and its revitalization after, took traffic away from the road through Batesville as it was a faster and more effective way of transporting goods. Although less traffic was available to sustain economic growth, Batesville nevertheless continued to grow due in part to the general prosperity of Albemarle County as a whole and the construction of the nearby Miller School.
The Batesville Historic District and Bellevue are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19763795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763795" title="Eobania">
Eobania

Eobania is a genus of large, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the true snails or typical snails.
Species.
The genus "Eobania" includes the following species:
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
Distribution.
This genus of snail occurs in the Mediterranean area.

</doc>
<doc id="19763796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763796" title="Bedford Hills, Virginia">
Bedford Hills, Virginia

Bedford Hills is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763797" title="Matamoros Municipality, Chihuahua">
Matamoros Municipality, Chihuahua

1,139.5 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,304. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 46 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19763801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763801" title="Bell Haven, Virginia">
Bell Haven, Virginia

Bell Haven is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763803" title="Bellair, Virginia">
Bellair, Virginia

Bellair is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763809" title="Bentivar, Virginia">
Bentivar, Virginia

Bentivar is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763814" title="Berkeley, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Berkeley, Albemarle County, Virginia

Berkeley is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763816" title="Berkmar, Virginia">
Berkmar, Virginia

Berkmar is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763823" title="Birnam Wood, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Birnam Wood, Albemarle County, Virginia

Birnam Wood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763829" title="Blenheim, Virginia">
Blenheim, Virginia

Blenheim is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Blenheim was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19763840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763840" title="Boiling Spring, Virginia">
Boiling Spring, Virginia

Boiling Spring is the name of some places in Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="19763877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763877" title="Charles Wagner">
Charles Wagner

Charles Wagner (3 January 1852 Wibersville, Alsace – 12 May 1918) was a French reformed pastor whose inspirational writings were influential in shaping the reformed theology of his time.
Biography.
At the age of 14, he was sent to Paris to school; graduated from the Sorbonne in 1869; and studied theology at Strassburg and Göttingen. He was the pastor of a small parish in the French province of Vosges until 1882, when he went to Paris, and there opened a Sunday school and later began preaching.
The publication of his book "Jeunesse" (“Youth”) in 1891 marked him as a leader in the ethical movement in France and his influence continually increased. Besides serving as pastor to a large congregation, he took an active part in many philanthropic and charitable undertakings, and in this work came into cordial relations with men of all shades of religious belief. Of his publications, "The Simple Life" attracted particular interest in the United States and was widely commended by religious and ethical leaders.
In the fall of 1904, Wagner visited the United States. He was invited to preach at the White House by Theodore Roosevelt on whom "The Simple Life" had made a lasting impression.
Wagner made numerous addresses and gained material for his book "My Impressions of America" (1906).
Bibliography.
Many of his books have been translated into English.
Most of his works are now out of print but Éditions Ampelos began to publish the principal works in 2006. 
There is also "Manuel de bonne vie" by Mme Brandon-Salvador which is compiled from his works. The biography "Un Homme" by his nephew Alfred Wautier d'Aygalliers often refers to his own diary which is now lost which contained information on Wagner's life and thought. A recent biography, "Charles Wagner et le Foyer de l’Âme" by Pierre-Jean Ruff, tells the story of Charles Wagner and the Foyer de l’Âme. 
L’Homme est une espérance de Dieu, is an anthology of Wagner's writings selected by Anne Penesco and Geoffroy de Turckheim has been published by Van Dieren Éditeur

</doc>
<doc id="19763881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763881" title="Boiling Spring, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Boiling Spring, Albemarle County, Virginia

Boiling Spring is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763885" title="The Very Best of Glen Campbell">
The Very Best of Glen Campbell

The compilation album The Very Best of Glen Campbell can be regarded as the CD release of the 1976 album "The Best of Glen Campbell". The track listing however is quite different.

</doc>
<doc id="19763891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763891" title="Boonesville, Virginia">
Boonesville, Virginia

Boonesville is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763895" title="Branchland, Virginia">
Branchland, Virginia

Branchland is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763899" title="Briarwood, Virginia">
Briarwood, Virginia

Briarwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia. The community consists primarily of single-family attached homes and townhomes. 
Briarwood is governed by the Briarwood Homeowner's Association and residents pay a yearly assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="19763912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763912" title="Damien McCrory">
Damien McCrory

Damien Paul McCrory (born 22 February 1990) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Burton Albion.
First signing professional forms with Plymouth Argyle in 2008, he spent the next two years on loan at Port Vale and Grimsby Town, before joining Dagenham & Redbridge in 2010. He played for the "Daggers" in their victory in the 2010 League Two play-off final. In June 2012, he signed a two-year deal with Burton Albion. He also won international caps for his country at under-18 and under-19 levels.
Club career.
Plymouth Argyle.
Having been signed to Plymouth Argyle's Centre of Excellence in August 2006, McCrory rose through the ranks to earn a twelve month professional contract with the club in May 2008.
He started the 2008–09 season positively by joining the first team squad in Austria on their annual tour, scoring in one of the games against SpVgg Greuther Fürth. He was given shirt number 29 for his first professional season. McCrory joined League Two side Port Vale on loan in October 2008, looking to gain some league experience. He made his league debut against Shrewsbury Town on 11 October, replacing Paul Edwards on 54 minutes as Vale went on to win 2–1. He fitted into the side well and Vale were keen to see him stay on loan until January 2009. McCrory returned to Plymouth at the end of 2008, despite manager Dean Glover's best efforts to extend the deal further; Plymouth wanted him back at Home Park.
He returned to Port Vale on a one month loan in late August 2009. Vale were now under the management of Micky Adams, who initiated the loan after hearing how well McCrory had performed for the club in his previous spell from the club's chief scout Ray Williams and youth team manager Mark Grew. Plymouth had to help pay the teenager's wages, as Vale had already spent their playing budget with limited funds. After the spell was up McCrory was all ready to return to Plymouth, though his parent club then had a last minute change of heart and agreed to fund his loan at Vale Park for a further month. In total he made just two starts and three substitute appearance in his two months at Vale Park, before he returned to Plymouth to try to impress the new coaching regime that had been established in his absence.
On 9 November 2009, McCrory joined League Two side Grimsby Town on an initial one month loan. McCrory cemented a place in the "Mariners" side, playing as the club's regular left-back for his two months at Blundell Park, being preferred to club left-back Joe Widdowson. Argyle recalled McCrory from his loan spell the following January; he had played for Grimsby eleven times in all competitions.
Dagenham & Redbridge.
Despite interest to sign him permanently from Grimsby, McCrory joined League Two club Dagenham & Redbridge in February 2010 for a five-figure fee. He signed a two-and-a-half year deal with the club. He quickly established himself as the club's first choice left-back. He went on to play for the "Daggers" in the play-off final victory over Rotherham United; during the Wembley final, he set up Paul Benson for the first goal of a 3–2 win.
He scored his first senior goal on 10 August, as he struck a "sublime" 25-yard free-kick to provide the opening goal of a 2–1 defeat to Milton Keynes Dons in the League Cup. He played a total of 23 League One games in 2010–11, as the club suffered relegation back into the Football League's basement division.
McCrory re-established himself as a consistent first team member in the 2011–12 campaign. He gave away a penalty in the 3–1 defeat to Southend United in the Football League Trophy, which was saved, but made amends for his actions by scoring a then-equalizing goal from a 66th minute free kick. On 15 October, he was a key figure in the club's 3–2 defeat at home to his former club Plymouth Argyle; he provided assists for both of Dagenham's goal, only to be sent off in the 90th minute after fouling Isaac Vassell in the box – Simon Walton converted the resulting penalty to net the winning goal for Argyle. The red card was later rescinded. Seven days later he scored his first ever league goal, netting a free kick to provide a late consolidation goal in a 5–2 home defeat by Aldershot Town. In May 2012, McCrory was released by Dagenham after being told he would not be offered a new contract.
Burton Albion.
On 27 June 2012, it was announced that he had signed a two-year deal with Burton Albion. Manager Gary Rowett said that he would provide competition to veteran left-back Aaron Webster. He opened his goalscoring account for the club on 17 November, in a 3–2 win over former club Dagenham, and was rewarded with a place on the League Two Team of the Week. Burton reached the play-offs at the end of the 2012–13 season, but were defeated 5–4 by Bradford City at the semi-final stage.
International career.
McCrory played twice for the Republic of Ireland under-18s in 2008, before being called up to the represent the under-19s the next year. Two of the under-19 games took place in Belgium for qualification to the 2009 Under-19 UEFA Championship. A 6–1 defeat to Switzerland ended Irish hopes of qualification for the tournament. Two days later, on 12 June 2009, they defeated Sweden 2–1.
Honours.
Dagenham & Redbridge

</doc>
<doc id="19763920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763920" title="NEEM Camp">
NEEM Camp

NEEM Camp is a small research facility on the northern Greenland Ice Sheet, used as a base for ice core drilling. It is located about 313 km east of the closest coast, Peabody Bay in northern Greenland, 275 km northwest of the historical ice sheet camp North Ice, and 484 km ENE of Siorapaluk, the closest settlement. There is only one heavy-duty tent for accommodation of the researchers during summer. Access is by skiway (snow runway).
The acronym NEEM stands for North Greenland Eemian Ice Drilling. The ice at the NEEM coring location (77°27'N 51°3.6'W) was predicted to be 2545 m thick.
Drilling started at NEEM in June 2009 and drillers expected to hit bedrock in 2010. The drilling progressed well and reached through the brittle zone (~800 m) in mid-July 2009. The plan was to process the ice below the brittle zone, per decision at the steering committee meeting in November 2008 in Copenhagen.
By September 1, 2009, the coring had reached 1757.84 m for this season, setting a single-season deep ice core drilling record in 100 days.
On July 26, 2010, drilling reached bedrock at 2537.36 m.
The November/December 2007 issue of Technology Review magazine and its website carried a report on early efforts to establish this camp. The research goal is seek preserved ice from the Eemian, which included a warming period in Earth's history. http://www.technologyreview.com/Energy/19504/

</doc>
<doc id="19763921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763921" title="Brinnington, Virginia">
Brinnington, Virginia

Brinnington is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763924" title="Brookwood, Virginia">
Brookwood, Virginia

Brookwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763930" title="Brownsville, Virginia">
Brownsville, Virginia

Brownsville is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19763941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763941" title="KSEL (AM)">
KSEL (AM)

KSEL (1450 AM) is a radio station licensed to Portales, New Mexico, USA. The station, owned by Rooney Moon Broadcasting, serves the Clovis area and carries an Adult Standards/MOR format.

</doc>
<doc id="19763950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19763950" title="1897 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1897 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1897 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1897 college football season. The 1897 Volunteers were the fifth official Tennessee team to take the field. This was also their second season in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA). They played 5 games and won 4, with the only loss coming to North Carolina in the only SIAA game they played that year.
References.
"ESPN's College Football Encyclopedia by Michael McCambridge"

</doc>
<doc id="19764007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764007" title="Browntown, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Browntown, Albemarle County, Virginia

Browntown is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764013" title="Smart's Fables">
Smart's Fables

__NOTOC__
The Fables by Christopher Smart were written between 1750 and 1767 and partly published in the periodicals "The Midwife; or The Old Woman's Magazine", "The Gentleman's Magazine", "The Literary Magazine", etc. The order in this collection of the fables was made by Smart himself and Christopher Hunter, Smart's biographer and nephew, after him, as it was printed posthumously in 1791 edition.
Quotations.
— "Karina Williamson, St. Hilda's College, Oxford, and University of Edinburgh"

</doc>
<doc id="19764014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764014" title="Jody Hill">
Jody Hill

Jody Hill is an American film director and screenwriter from Concord, North Carolina. In 2006 he directed, co-wrote, co-produced, and co-starred in his first film "The Foot Fist Way", which he based on his experience as a Taekwondo black belt and instructor. His follow-up film, "Observe and Report", stars Seth Rogen and was released on April 10, 2009. Hill is also co-creator and executive producer of the HBO series "Eastbound & Down".
"The Foot Fist Way" was seen by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay who bought the distributing rights to the film. 
In 2009, Hill directed The Avett Brothers music video "Slight Figure of Speech" which featured Wolfe and Andy Daly. The following year he directed the parody music video "Swagger Wagon" as part of ad agency Saatchi & Saatchi's campaign for the Sienna SE minivan from Toyota.
Hill's next film, "L.A.P.I." was announced as an action comedy about a hardboiled private investigator, played by friend and frequent collaborator Danny McBride. It is the first film Hill has directed but not written. It is also the first film produced by Hill's, McBride's, and friend David Gordon Green's production company, Rough House Pictures.

</doc>
<doc id="19764020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764020" title="Rasul (given name)">
Rasul (given name)

Rasul (also spelled Rasool, Rasoul, or Resul, ) is the Arabic for "messenger, apostle", see Apostle (Islam).
It is also masculine given name, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19764035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764035" title="Alan Rogers (bishop)">
Alan Rogers (bishop)

Alan Francis Bright Rogers (1907–2003) was an Anglican Bishop who held three different posts in an ecclesiastical career spanning over half a century.
Educated at Westminster City School and King's College London and ordained in 1932, he began his career with a Curacy at "St Stephen's, Shepherds Bush". From 1934 he served the Anglican Church in Mauritius, firstly as a missionary priest then as its Archdeacon. Returning to England he became Vicar of Twickenham followed by a spell as Rural Dean of Hampstead before elevation to the Episcopate as Bishop of Mauritius in 1959. Translated to Fulham in 1966, his final appointment was a sideways move to Edmonton four years later. In retirement he continued to serve the church as an Assistant Bishop for a further quarter of a century.

</doc>
<doc id="19764055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764055" title="Funhouse Tour">
Funhouse Tour

The Funhouse Tour was the fourth concert tour by American singer-songwriter Pink. The tour supported her fifth studio album, "Funhouse". The tour visited Europe, Australia and North America. According to Pollstar, the Funhouse Tour (2009–2010) earned around $180 million with more than 3 million in attendance becoming one of the highest-grossing concert tours in the history of music . The Australian leg of the tour broke the record for the biggest tour in the history of the country. Over 660,000 people attended the Australian shows and grossed over $80 million.
Background.
The tour was announced on October 14, 2008, nearly two weeks before the release of her fifth studio album. Pink stated, "I'm so excited to get back on the road. The 'Funhouse' tour ideas are running rampant in my head. Who knows what they'll come out as... And I can't wait to see." The tour followed her internationally successful I'm Not Dead Tour, which became one of the biggest tours in 2006 and 2007.
The tour also marked the first time Pink has headlined a North American arena tour. To describe the event, Pink stated, "I've waited 30 years for this tour. I really wasn't sure if anyone was going to show ."
Synopsis.
The concert starts with a video introduction which feature Pink watching TV. She then gets up and puts her lovers hand into a warm glass of water. She goes upstairs and gets changed into a white shirt and some jeans. She gets on a motorcycle and rides off, resembling her "Funhouse" music video. She finds a clown crying on the side of the road. She gets of her bike and gives him a flower hat. As the video ends, the clown appears on stage. He walks up to the end of the catwalk and finds a Box with a handle. As he turns the handle, a trapdoor opens, and Pink is lifted up into the air on a rope. The song "Bad Influence" then starts. She gets lowered down onto the main stage and starts to sing. She then sings "Just Like a Pill", 
"Who Knew", Ave Mary A and "Don't Let Me Get Me". She then goes offstage. At some shows, Pink might perform "It's All Your Fault" after "Just Like A Pill".
A red couch appears on the stage and Pink is seen walking over to it. She then starts to sing "I Touch Myself". Whilst singing "I Touch Myself", hands come out of the couch and touch her. She then performs "Please Don't Leave Me". She briefly goes offstage whilst her dancers come onstage. She comes back on to perform "U + Ur Hand". A love heart shaped bed appears onstage as she performs "Leave Me Alone (I'm Lonely)" and "So What". She then goes offstage again.
Her pianist then starts to play piano. She then comes back onstage to perform "Family Portrait". She then plays "I Don't Believe You" on the guitar. She would then perform "Crystal Ball", "Trouble" and "Babe I'm Gonna Leave You". She then goes offstage. At some shows, Pink might perform "Dear Mr. President".
Two of her dancers then come and perform Ballet moves. This is then followed by "Sober" when she performs a trapeze. She quickly goes offstage and returns for "Bohemian Rhapsody". Four mirrors are brought onstage as she performs "Funhouse" and "Crazy". She says goodbye to the crowd and goes offstage. On the last leg, she would perform "Stupid Girls" after "Funhouse"
For the encore, She performed "Get the Party Started" and "Glitter in the Air". For all shows except for the Premiere, there would be a video montage of all her videos with "God Is a DJ" playing after "Get The Party Started". For "Get The Party Started", she would perform some acrobatics. She would then go offstage. After a costume change, she would come back onstage to perform the final number, "Glitter In The Air". She would be in the air performing some more acrobatics. Whilst that was happening, she would get lowered into the trapdoor that was used earlier in the show and be dipped in water. After she was lowered back onto the main stage, she bowed and walked offstage. The screen in the background showed THE END on it.
Reception.
Commercial.
Overall ticket sales are estimated to have surpassed nearly two million. By July 2009, the tour grossed over $50 million, ranking 8th highest grossing tour in the world. By November 2009, the tour grossed over $100 million, ranking as 5th highest grossing tour of 2009.
Sales started on October 10, 2009 in the Netherlands. The February 28 show at The Ahoy was sold out as a second show was scheduled for the following night. A third night at the arena was announced for December 5, 2009 (although this date was later changed to December 6, 2009).
In Australia, ticket sales were exceptionally high. In 2007 she broke the record of biggest female tour ever with 35 shows in Australia, grossing $41 million. In 2009, she broke her own record, with 58 shows surpassing John Farnham's "Whispering Jack Tour" with the most shows in Australia. She performed 17 shows at Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne, Victoria, breaking Farnham's record for most shows at the venue during one tour. In Sydney, Pink performed 12 shows—of which 10 were performed at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. She performed for nearly 110,000 spectators (at this arena), making her the biggest live act in Sydney (surpassing Kylie Minogue with an attendance record of nearly 93,000 spectators).
The American singer/songwriter performed at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena on seventeen nights throughout the summer with ticket sales topping $17.2 million ($21.7 Australian). Combined attendance for all shows at the Melbourne tennis stadium was 214,956. Pink also played twelve shows in Sydney - ten shows during June and July at the Sydney Entertainment Centre and two in August at Acer Arena in the city's Olympic Park. Overall attendance in Sydney was 146,420 with $12.6 million in ticket sales ($15.5 Australian). With tour grosses topping $55 million from the Australian leg, Pink is ranked among the top ten tours worldwide for 2009.
To congratulate Pink on eleven sold out concerts at the Brisbane Entertainment Centre, the artist was given a public toilet located on the upper level of the arena, entitled "P!nk Ladies".
The "Funhouse Summer Carnival Tour" and the "Funhouse Tour" sold a combined total 3 million tickets.
Critical.
The show received critical acclaim, with critics commenting on its theatricality and Pink's live singing.
Broadcast and recordings.
A DVD and live album of the tour was recorded at July 17 and July 18, 2009 in Sydney, Australia. The DVD includes both "It's All Your Fault" and "Ave Mary A". "" was released in Australia on October 14, 2009, two days before its planned release. It was scheduled for release on October 2, 2009 but had to be pushed backed due to overwhelming demand. The DVD was also released in The Netherlands on October 28, 2009 and in the United Kingdom on November 2, 2009. An alternate version of the DVD was released in the United States on October 27, 2009. This version, titled , includes the tour DVD, but is also sold with a live CD of the same concert.
The concert was also aired on VH1 on January 1, 2010 as the premiere concert of their "Friday Night Alright" block.

</doc>
<doc id="19764057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764057" title="Buckingham Circle, Virginia">
Buckingham Circle, Virginia

Buckingham Circle is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764063" title="Bungletown, Virginia">
Bungletown, Virginia

Bungletown is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764067" title="Burnley, Virginia">
Burnley, Virginia

Burnley is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764071" title="(718) Live Farewell Extravaganza">
(718) Live Farewell Extravaganza

(718) Live Farewell Extravaganza is the CD complement of 2 Skinnee J's DVD of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19764073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764073" title="Camellia Garden, Virginia">
Camellia Garden, Virginia

Camellia Garden is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764076" title="KSEL-FM">
KSEL-FM

KSEL-FM (105.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Portales, New Mexico, USA, the station serves the Clovis area. The station is currently owned by Rooney Moon Broadcasting.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters "KKHJ" on 1986-11-01. On 1988-10-13, the station changed its call sign to the current KSEL. 

</doc>
<doc id="19764085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764085" title="Joe Vance">
Joe Vance

Joseph Albert Vance (September 16, 1905 - July 4, 1978) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of three seasons in the majors between and for the Chicago White Sox and New York Yankees.
Vance also played 11 games for the football Brooklyn Dodgers in 1931 as a running back.

</doc>
<doc id="19764086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764086" title="Camelot, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Camelot, Albemarle County, Virginia

Camelot is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764088" title="Heiko Weber">
Heiko Weber

Heiko Weber (born 26 June 1965 in Thale) is a German former footballer who is now manager of SSV Markranstädt.
Career.
As player he played for FC Carl Zeiss Jena and Preußen Münster.
Coaching career.
In 2007 he was caretaker manager in FC Energie Cottbus, when Petrik Sander was fired and later Teamchef of FC Erzgebirge Aue. On 1 July 2009 was named as the new Director of Sport from FC Carl Zeiss Jena and on 23 March 2010 announced his leaking contract not to renew. In April 2010 earned his Coaching Licence in the Deutsche Sporthochschule Koln.

</doc>
<doc id="19764098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764098" title="Reina Hispanoamericana 2008">
Reina Hispanoamericana 2008

Reina Hispanoamericana 2008, the 18th Reina Hispanoamericana Beauty Pageant was held at the Manzana Uno, in Santa Cruz, Bolivia on October 30, 2008. 19 contestants competed in the event. Massiel Taveras from Dominican Republic crowned her successor at the final night. Although Miss Mexico, Laura Zúñiga was crowned the winner during the event(see below), the eventual titleholder was Miss Brazil, Vivian Noronha Cia.
Results.
Scandal.
On December 23, 2008, Laura Zúñiga, the reigning Reina Hispanoamericana at the time, was arrested in Zapopan, Jalisco, along with seven men who allegedly carried illegal guns and US$53,000 in cash. The arrest was made by the state police and army officers. Zúñiga declared that she was kidnapped by her boyfriend Ángel Orlando García Urquiza, apparently a leader of the Juárez Cartel, and that she was unaware of his illicit activities.
On December 25, 2008, a second statement was released announcing that Zúñiga has been stripped of her title as Miss Mexico International 2009 and "Reina Hispanoamericana 2008". Her successor is Vivian Noronha Cia of Brazil

</doc>
<doc id="19764100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764100" title="Campbell, Virginia">
Campbell, Virginia

Campbell is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764103" title="Candlewyck, Virginia">
Candlewyck, Virginia

Candlewyck is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764108" title="Uwe Tellkamp">
Uwe Tellkamp

Uwe Tellkamp (born October 28, 1968 in Dresden, Germany) is a German writer and physician. He practised medicine until 2004. Before the fall of communism, he was enlisted in the National People's Army as a tank commander and imprisoned when he refused to break up a demonstration in October 1989. Until the fall of the German Democratic Republic shortly after, he was prohibited from studying medicine.
In 2008 Tellkamp was awarded the German Book Prize for his novel "Der Turm" (The Tower), which describes life in 1980s East Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19764113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764113" title="Canterbury Hills, Virginia">
Canterbury Hills, Virginia

Canterbury Hills is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764116" title="Carrsbrook, Virginia">
Carrsbrook, Virginia

Carrsbrook is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Confederate Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart's "Horse Company" and Confederate infantrymen were stationed in a camp near the Rivanna River at Carrsbrook during the Civil War. Union Brig. Gen. George A. Custer’s men raided the camp under fire from Confederate forces. See Battle of Rio Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19764120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764120" title="Sambhavna Trust">
Sambhavna Trust

The Clinic in Bhopal, run by the Sambhavna Trust and initiated by Satinath Sarangi, opened its doors on September 2, 1996 as an independent, community based, non governmental medical initiative concerned with the long-term welfare of the survivors. It offers an innovative blend of modern and traditional therapies free of cost to the disaster affected victims.
Meaning of Sambhavna.
Taken from a poster found at the Clinic’s entrance: “Sambhavna is a Hindi word that literally means possibilities. If read as ‘Sama’ (equal) + ‘Bhavna’ (feelings), it means equal feelings or passion. this sense, we are characterizing both meanings of creating possibilities for the survivors of the world’s worst industrial disaster."
Location.
The Sambhavna Clinic is located in the middle of communities that were most severely affected by the Bhopal Disaster as it is 400 meters south of the former Union Carbide plant. The Clinic is also in proximity to communities affected by contamination of the ground water through chemical wastes. Built on a 2 acre plot, along with the complex, the Clinic contains an herbal garden for Aryuvedic Care. With the principles of environmental sustainability, the facilities incorporate rain water harvesting, solar panels for energy, waste water recycling, non-toxic construction material, and other eco-sensitive features. 
Patient Profile.
Patients with a history of gas exposure from the disaster and those who have proved exposure to contaminated ground water are eligible for treatment at the Clinic free of charge. In addition, children born to gas affected parents before December 1986 are also registered for care at the Clinic since research conducted at Sambhavna has shown these children also exhibit symptoms of exposure related health problems. 
As of 2006, the Sambhavna Trust Clinic remains the only institution to provide free health care to gas affected victims. Furthermore, the Clinic is the only health care provider in Bhopal to have a special classification for those who are suffering from ongoing contamination of the ground water and provide care to these persons at no cost as well.
Allopathic Care.
Sambhavna’s allopathic care team consists of general physicians, a pediatrician, a gynecologist, and a consultant in pathology. Their work is supported by an in-house pathology laboratory with facilities for biochemical, endocrinological, cytological, and microbiological investigation and diagnosis.
Careful records are kept of each patient’s ailments, treatment, and outcome in detail for an investigatory database to establish the efficacy of different treatment protocols. These records are stored both in paper and pen format and an in-house electronic health record system on over 15 networked computers; this system is developed, programmed, and maintained by staff within the Sambhavna Trust Clinic.
Ayurveda Care.
In conjunction with allopathic treatment, the Sambhavna Clinic provides Ayurveda care: a Hindu system of traditional medicine native to India. Two Ayurveda physicians and two Panchakarma therapists provide treatment through herbal medicines and through procedures of detoxification such as medicated oil massage, steam bath, medicinal oil stream, and medicinal enema.
Yoga.
Yoga therapy has been found to be particularly useful for treatment of common gas exposure related health problems including breathlessness, backache, joint pains, menstrual irregularities, anxiety, and insomnia. Some of the research efforts at Sambhavna focus on demonstrating the efficacy of yoga therapy in management of gas exposure symptoms. Four objective studies have been conducted on the positive effects of yoga therapy within the patient population at the Clinic. 
Community Outreach.
Sambhavna community health workers fulfill many roles in the surrounding gas affected and water contaminated areas of Bhopal. First, the community health workers identify over a thousand patients in need of follow-up care at the Clinic each month and continue to visit these patients to monitor their health and adherence to treatment protocols.
Furthermore, they educate communities about common health issues and their treatments and preventions, run comprehensive TB, malaria, anemia control programs, and also organize community based screenings for cervical cancer. In addition, the health workers also collect data on various health markers in the communities they serve for research and health monitoring purposes (see Documentation and Research).
The community health workers also have formed voluntary health committees in different neighborhoods around Bhopal. To run these committees, the health workers have inspired, trained, and equipped health volunteers from each community to carry out some biochemical investigations of blood and urine and also prepare slides for examination for the malaria parasite. Starting in 2008, the health workers began to train people to grow and use various medicinal plants in their own neighborhoods. Six small but flourishing herbal gardens have been established in two communities. 
Documentation and Research.
Sambhavna maintains what is probably the most comprehensive collection of original source material related to the Bhopal disaster. The Clinic’s library materials include newspaper clippings from December 1984 onwards, medical and scientific research papers, legal transcripts, government publications, corporate documents, pamphlets and posters from local and international campaigns, as well as books on a variety of health related subjects. The library is frequently used by researchers, journalists, activists, survivors, and Sambhavna staff.
Research.
Research on the health consequences of exposure to toxic gases was terminated in1994 by the Indian Council of Medical Research, and much of their findings remain unpublished to date. With limited staff and financial resources, Sambhavna has made significant contributions to the understanding of long-term health consequences of the disaster and the medical interventions which are effective in ameliorating these problems.
Over 8000 families affected by the gas disaster and control families matched for socio-economic status are currently used to establish cohorts for further investigation of specific health problems. Over the course of the conducted research at Sambhavna, several studies have been published in national and international journals.
Clinical Data.
Since 1996, Sambhavna has registered over 23000 chronically ill patients from affected communities. Data collected from the field and patient record system is electronically catalogued daily, providing important information to guide future research and provide better care to survivors. Currently, Sambhavna has a networked system of informed consent, registration, and follow-up with continual updates of clinical data.
Organization and Funding.
The Sambhavna Clinic is run by an 8-member Board of Trustees composed of scientists, doctors, editors, and activists who for many years have been involved with medical and other aspects of the disaster. A Steering Committee, elected by the staff, and two Coordinators, look after the day to day running of the Clinic. Decision making, evaluation, planning, and review of clinic activities are based on equality, full participation, and consensus at the weekly staff meetings.
Sambhavna does not accept money from corporations, governments, or large funding agencies. All funds required to run the Sambhavna Trust Clinic come from individual donations and from the royalties of the book “It Was Five Past Midnight in Bhopal”, by Dominique Lapierre and Javier Moro. A large portion of Sambhavna’s funds come from over 15000 individuals in the UK who respond to advertisements placed by the Bhopal Medical Appeal in British newspapers. Contributions are from a variety of people from different backgrounds and socioeconomic levels. For example, the herbal medicine making facilities was built with funds donated by litter pickers at a music festival in the UK. Accounts of the Sambhavna Trust are audited annually and are open to public scrutiny.
No More Bhopal.
Taken from a pamphlet at the Sambhavna Clinic, the “No More Bhopal” effort is described as follows:
"Through its involvement with the gas affected communities and with the global community, Sambhavna is working to stop the medical disaster in Bhopal and to prevent such tragedies from happening again. We organize health camps and workshops in the communities. We work with survivors’ organizations fighting for better healthcare, and build links with doctors and researchers in Bhopal and all over the world. So far, we have organized three local, one national, and two international conferences in Bhopal and participated in several."

</doc>
<doc id="19764121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764121" title="Cash Corner, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Cash Corner, Albemarle County, Virginia

Cash Corner is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia. At the intersection of Route 640 and Route 23, it is the site of the Castle Hill estate. There are no schools, shops, or services of any kind.

</doc>
<doc id="19764125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764125" title="Cedarmere, Virginia">
Cedarmere, Virginia

Cedarmere is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764130" title="Chapel Hills, Virginia">
Chapel Hills, Virginia

Chapel Hills is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764132" title="Cobham, Virginia">
Cobham, Virginia

Cobham, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19764134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764134" title="Kevin Koger">
Kevin Koger

Kevin Jamaal Koger (born December 12, 1989) is an American football tight end, who is currently an NFL free agent. He was a 2011 All-Big Ten honorable mention. In 2012, Koger began working as a coach in Saline, Michigan.
High school career.
Koger played high school football at Whitmer High School in Toledo. He holds the school record with 1,190 career receiving yards on 75 receptions. He finished his career with 16 offensive touchdowns. He recorded 151 tackles, 28 tackles for loss, 16 sacks, two forced fumbles, three fumble recoveries, two interceptions, and one interception return for a touchdown during his career. In his senior year, Koger made 31 receptions for 361 yards, scored five touchdowns, and contributed 48 tackles and seven sacks.
College career.
Koger accepted a scholarship to play at the University of Michigan, where he enrolled in the division of kinesiology. He caught his first pass on September 27, 2008 against Wisconsin, which went for 26 yards and a touchdown. He took over starting tight end job in fifth week of the season against Illinois.
As a junior in 2010, Koger was watchlisted on the John Mackey Award list for tight ends.
As a senior in 2011, Koger caught 21 passes for 235 yards and four touchdowns. He had his best game of the year against Ohio State, totaling four catches for 40 yards and a touchdown. Following the 2011 Big Ten Conference football season, he earned All-Big Ten Conference honorable mention recognition.
On March 22, Koger endured a torn achilles tendon while doing plyometrics. He had surgery on March 27. The injury requires a five- to eight-month rehabilitation period. Koger went undrafted in the April 2012 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19764139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764139" title="John Lombardi">
John Lombardi

John Lombardi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19764149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764149" title="Cobham, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Cobham, Albemarle County, Virginia

Cobham is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Cobham Park Estate was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19764152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764152" title="Aramis, or the Love of Technology">
Aramis, or the Love of Technology

Aramis, or the Love of Technology, was written by French sociologist/anthropologist Bruno Latour. "Aramis" was originally published in French in 1993; the English translation by Catherine Porter, copyrighted in 1996, ISBN 978-0-674-04323-7, is now in its fourth edition (2002). Latour describes his text as "scientifiction," which he describes as "a hybrid genre... for a hybrid task" (p. ix). The genre includes voices of a young engineer discussing his "sociotechnological initiation," his professor's commentary which introduces Actor-network theory (ANT), field documents - including real-life interviews, and the voice of Aramis—a failed technology ( p. x).
The book is a quasi-mystery, which attempts to discover who killed Aramis (personal rapid transit). Aramis was supposed to be implemented as a Personal Rapid Transit (PRT) system in Paris. Simultaneously, while investigating Aramis's demise, Latour delineates the tenets of Actor-network theory. Latour argues that the technology failed not because any particular actor killed it, but because the actors failed to sustain it through negotiation and adaptation to a changing social situation.

</doc>
<doc id="19764153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764153" title="Chestnut Grove, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Chestnut Grove, Albemarle County, Virginia

Chestnut Grove is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764156" title="On the Bandstand">
On the Bandstand

On the Bandstand is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens, released in 1963. It peaked at Number 2 on the Billboard Country Albums charts.
The CD re-issue in 1995 by Sundazed Records includes "Sweethearts in Heaven" and "We're the Talk of the Town" a 1963 Top 20 duet single Owens recorded with Rose Maddox.

</doc>
<doc id="19764157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764157" title="Cismont, Virginia">
Cismont, Virginia

Cismont is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Castle Hill and Grace Episcopal Church are listed the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19764173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764173" title="Clover Hill, Virginia">
Clover Hill, Virginia

Clover Hill is an unincorporated community in Rockingham County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764181" title="Colthurst, Virginia">
Colthurst, Virginia

Colthurst is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764185" title="Commonwealth, Virginia">
Commonwealth, Virginia

Commonwealth is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764191" title="Country Green, Virginia">
Country Green, Virginia

Country Green is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764198" title="STAR radio">
STAR radio

STAR radio is a FM radio station in the West African nation of Liberia. Founded in 1997, it is independent of the country’s government. Headquartered in Monrovia, it broadcasts at the 104 FM frequency and via shortwave radio.
History.
The radio station began broadcasting on FM in July 1997 supported by the Foundation Hirondelle. In September 1997, STAR began broadcasting in short wave frequencies. In January 1998, the Charles Taylor led government removed the station from the airwaves for a week. As of 1999, the station was funded by the United States government, the International Foundation for Election Systems, and the Dutch government. At that time STAR produced eight hours of content each day.
In 1998, reporter Vinicius Hodges won first prize for radio in CNN’s African Journalist of the Year Competition. On March 15, 2000, the Taylor government again shutdown the station, citing inflammatory comments. The ban was lifted on November 3, 2003, after the Taylor regime was deposed, and STAR resumed broadcasting on May 25, 2005. 
In June 2007, the station moved to the Snapper Hill area in Monrovia. STAR was named the radio station of the year in Liberia in May 2008 by the Press Union of Liberia, and awarded prizes including a tape player. The organization also named one employee as best newscaster and another as best court reporter. In September 2008, the station received praise for their coverage of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission from the Liberia Media Center.
Details.
STAR broadcasts at 104 FM in the capital of Monrovia for 17 hours each day. There is also a shortwave radio broadcast each day for one hour at 7:00 am on the frequency 9525 throughout Liberia. Broadcasts are provided in 21 different languages and are rebroadcast on the internet. The station’s studio is on Broad Street in the Snapper Hill section of Monrovia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764199" title="Derek Aucoin">
Derek Aucoin

Derek Alfred Aucoin (born March 27, 1970) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Aucoin pitched in two games for the Montreal Expos in the 1996 season. He had a 0–1 record, in 2.7 innings, with a 3.38 ERA. 
He was signed by the Expos as an amateur free agent in 1989.
Personal life.
In April 2011, Derek married Isabelle Rochefort. They have a son, Dawson Paul Aucoin, named after HOF Andre Dawson. They now live in Toronto, Ontario.
Professional Baseball Career.
Montreal Expos.
In his first professional season, , with the Gulf Coast League Expos he went 2–1 with a 2.66 ERA in seven games, three starts.
While with the Short-Season Jamestown Expos in Aucoin compiled a record of 1–3 with a 4.46 ERA in eight games, all starts.
His next two seasons, and , were spent at the Class-A level. In '91 he went 3–6 with a 4.28 ERA in 41 games, four starts with the Sumter Flyers. In '92 he went 3–2 with a 3.00 ERA in 39 games, two starts with the Rockford Expos.
Aucoin was promoted to the Advanced-A West Palm Beach Expos in . He compiled a record of 4–4 with a 4.24 ERA in 38 games, six starts.
In Aucoin split the season between West Palm Beach and the Double-A Harrisburg Senators of the Eastern League He went a combined 3–4 with a 2.82 ERA in 38 games. Staying at Harrisburg in he went 2–4 with a 4.96 ERA in 29 games.
Aucoin split the season between the Expos and the Triple-A Ottawa Lynx of the International League. With Ottawa he went 3–5 with a 3.96 ERA in 52 games. On May 21, he made his Major League debut against the San Francisco Giants. In of an inning he gave up one earned run and registering a loss. He would finish his Major Career going 0–1 with a 3.39 ERA in two games.
With West Palm Beach and Ottawa in he went a combined 0–1 with a dismal 11.37 ERA in 25 games.
New York Mets.
In his final season, , Aucoin split the season between the Gulf Coast League Mets, the Advanced-A St. Lucie Mets, the Double-A Binghamton Mets and the Triple-A Norfolk Tides He went a combined 1–0 with a 6.21 ERA in 28 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19764200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764200" title="The Country Store, Virginia">
The Country Store, Virginia

The Country Store is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764209" title="Country View, Virginia">
Country View, Virginia

Country View is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764212" title="Site C dam">
Site C dam

The Site C dam (or "Site C Clean Energy Project") is a proposal by the British Columbia Hydro and Power Authority (BC Hydro) for a large-scale earth fill hydroelectric dam on the Peace River in north-eastern British Columbia, Canada. A cost estimate produced during the 2007 feasibility study placed the financial cost at a maximum of C$6.6 billion based on the 1980 design, safety, and engineering standards. An updated cost projection was released in May 2011 placing the estimated cost at $7.9 billion. Designs call for an estimated capacity of approximately 900 MW and an annual output of 4,600 GWh of electricity.
If built, it would be the third of four major dams on the Peace River that were initially proposed in the mid-twentieth century. The first project, dubbed "Site A", is the flagship W. A. C. Bennett Dam 19 kilometres west of Hudson's Hope. That facility was completed in 1967 and began operation in 1968. Construction of "Site B", the Peace Canyon Dam, was completed in 1980 at a point 23 km downstream of the W. A. C. Bennett dam. The third dam – "Site C" – was also proposed at the time for a site 83 km downriver of the Peace Canyon dam, or approximately 7 km southwest of Fort St. John. The initial proposal was never completed, however it was turned down after BC Utilities Commission hearings in 1982, and was again rejected in 1989. It has since come under review as BC Hydro reconsiders expansion of its dam capacity on the Peace. The fourth proposed dam on the BC segment of the Peace River, Site E, near the BC/Alberta border was taken off the planning process during the 1982 hearing.
In April 2010, the provincial government announced plans to advance planning for the facility, moving it to the regulatory review phase. The government expects the process to take about two years, including independent assessments of the project's environmental impact and consultation with area residents. The announcement also called for the site to be operational for domestic energy production by 2020.
The proposal is controversial as the reservoir would require the flooding of approximately 5,340 hectares of land and over 100 km of river valley along the Peace River and its tributaries. This would include over 3,000 hectares of wildlife habitats, heritage sites, and "Class One" and "Class Two" agricultural land. Members of the Treaty 8 First Nations boycotted the official announcement ceremony at the Bennett Dam in April 2010, while the West Moberly First Nations has publicly stated that it is considering legal action to oppose the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19764213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764213" title="Covesville, Virginia">
Covesville, Virginia

Covesville is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia, United States. Covesville is located southwest of Charlottesville, Virginia and has a post office with ZIP code 22931.
Covesville Historic District, Cove Presbyterian Church, Redlands, and Edgemont are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19764216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764216" title="Damon, Virginia">
Damon, Virginia

Damon is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764219" title="Davis Shop, Virginia">
Davis Shop, Virginia

Davis Shop is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
It is a collection of farmsteads, around the junction of county roads 671 and 674.

</doc>
<doc id="19764223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764223" title="Deer Run, Virginia">
Deer Run, Virginia

Deer Run is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764225" title="Deerwood, Virginia">
Deerwood, Virginia

Deerwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764230" title="Doylesville, Virginia">
Doylesville, Virginia

Doylesville is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764234" title="Earlysville Heights, Virginia">
Earlysville Heights, Virginia

Earlysville Heights is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764235" title="Eastham, Virginia">
Eastham, Virginia

Eastham is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764244" title="Ednam, Virginia">
Ednam, Virginia

Ednam is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Ednam House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19764246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764246" title="WKTX">
WKTX

WKTX is an American Class D radio station in Cortland, Ohio. It broadcasts Nostalgia, Big Band, Hungarian, German, Polka, Greek and many other Nationalities with their music and programming.
History.
The license for the station that would later be known as WKTX was first issued in October 1982. It signed on the air on April 1, 1985 by Cortland Broadcasting Company owned by the Skip Hoffman and Glen Barker Families with the call letters WLND, and for many years had studios and offices in Cortland. In February 1989, the station was sold to the Trumbull County Broadcasting Company, owned by Patrick Engrao, the station switched its calls to WKTX. In this station's formative years, it was the sister AM station of WLLF, licensed to Mercer, Pennsylvania. During this brief period of common ownership, that station was known as WKTX-FM.
In October 1991, WKTX was purchased by Nationality Broadcasting Network, headed by Miklos Kossanyi. For a brief period after purchasing the station, in 1997 it went off the air for a period of a month (presumably to resolve some engineering issues), and to move the Tower and Transmitter to a new location and then returned with the same format, Mature Adult Standards, WKTX is Ohio's only Ethnic station, Since 2009 managed by Jim Georgiades. 
Miklos Kossanyi continued ownership of the station, but Kossanyi and his wife and his son are still personally listed as the licensee, instead of Nationality Broadcasting Network.
Miklós Kossányi, born in Komárom, Hungary, died in October 2009; his wife, Mária Kossányi replaced him as the director of the station.
When her husband and ethnic broadcasting partner died, Maria Kossanyi took ill and never recovered. Kossanyi, 84, died Aug. 15 2010 at her Bay Village home.

</doc>
<doc id="19764247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764247" title="Ehart, Virginia">
Ehart, Virginia

Ehart is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764248" title="Arvid Vatle">
Arvid Vatle

Arvid Vatle (born 23 November 1938) is a Norwegian medical doctor and winner of the 1999 Ig Nobel Prize in Medicine. He won the prize for his research in the containers used by his patients to deliver urine samples.
He was born in Voss, and took his medical education in West Berlin in 1963. In 1981 he took the doctorate in the history of medicine, again in West Germany. He settled in Sagvåg, working as a physician.

</doc>
<doc id="19764252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764252" title="Esmont, Virginia">
Esmont, Virginia

Esmont is a census-designated place (CDP) in Albemarle County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 528.
Esmont, Guthrie Hall, and Mountain Grove are listed the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19764255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764255" title="Everettsville, Virginia">
Everettsville, Virginia

Everettsville is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764260" title="Fairgrove, Virginia">
Fairgrove, Virginia

Fairgrove is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764264" title="Fieldbrook, Virginia">
Fieldbrook, Virginia

Fieldbrook is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764268" title="Flordon, Virginia">
Flordon, Virginia

Flordon is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764271" title="Foxwood, Virginia">
Foxwood, Virginia

Foxwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764274" title="Franklin, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Franklin, Albemarle County, Virginia

Franklin is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764281" title="Freetown, Virginia">
Freetown, Virginia

Freetown is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764283" title="Office of the Inspector General (Brazil)">
Office of the Inspector General (Brazil)

The office of the Inspector General of the Union (, abbreviated CGU) is a branch of the Brazilian federal government tasked with assisting the president regarding the treasury and public assets and the government's transparency policies. These tasks are carried out by way of public audits, fraud deterrence procedures, and other sort of internal control, corruption prevention, and ombudsman activities. It is also the central body of the Federal Government Internal Control System, responsible for supervising, managing, and regulating the offices of the government.
The Inspector General ("") is appointed by the president and serves as a member of the Brazilian cabinet. The present Inspector General is Jorge Hage.

</doc>
<doc id="19764284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764284" title="Gilbert, Virginia">
Gilbert, Virginia

Gilbert is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764286" title="Glenaire, Virginia">
Glenaire, Virginia

Glenaire is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764288" title="Glendower, Virginia">
Glendower, Virginia

Glendower is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.
Pine Knot was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19764294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764294" title="Glenmore, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Glenmore, Albemarle County, Virginia

Glenmore is a suburban development and country club Albemarle County, Virginia, just west of Charlottesville. It has a golf course, equestrian complex, swimming pool, tennis courts, and a clubhouse. The price of homes range from $500,000 to $2.5 million. The entire development is in size, broken up into 824 homesites, with maintained as common land.

</doc>
<doc id="19764300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764300" title="Jack McGregor">
Jack McGregor

Jack Edwin McGregor is a former Pennsylvania State Senator from Pittsburgh and the founder of the National Hockey League's Pittsburgh Penguins. He currently resides in Bridgeport, Connecticut where he serves as counsel to Cohen and Wolf, P.C. where he serves as an advisor to companies looking to create business opportunities in the Bridgeport region. He also serves as a consultant to existing companies wishing to expand their market share in the area.
Biography.
Early life and career.
McGregor was born in Kittanning, Pennsylvania, to parents Leah and Russell McGregor. He studied at various universities and received his B.S. from Yale University in 1956, where he was a member of the Skull and Bones society. He received his J.D. from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law, where he was named class valedictorian and editor-in-chief of the "University of Pittsburgh Law Review". He would later receive an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Quinnipiac University in 1995. After college, McGregor served as a captain in the United States Marine Corps. He is currently allowed to practice law in Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the District of Columbia.
In the 1960s, McGregor practiced law in the Pittsburgh and Washington offices of the law firm, Reed Smith, LLP (formerly Reed, Smith, Shaw and McClay). In 1965, McGregor became a founder the Pittsburgh Penguins, by helping bring the NHL back to Pittsburgh. In the early 1970s, he held appointive regulatory positions in the federal government, and then became general counsel of a major electric utility. He later served as general counsel and then as chief operating officer of a multinational oil company. Meanwhile his older brother, James R. McGregor, trailed a similar military to law career path. After a three-year stint in the U.S. Army as a Russian interpreter, before serving as a lawyer, and finally, judge in Allegheny County.
In 1993, he married his second wife, Mary-Jane Foster.
Politics.
McGregor is a Republican who served in the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1963 to 1970, representing the Allegheny County-based 44th District. In 1970, he ran an unsuccessful campaign for Governor of Pennsylvania. In 2004, he was appointed as a member of the Advisory Board of the Saint Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation by President George W. Bush. Today McGregor continues to support the GOP, by contributing funds to the Connecticut Republican Party. During the 2008 Presidential Election, McGregor supported the Republican ticket of John McCain and Sarah Palin.
Sports franchises.
Pittsburgh Penguins.
In the spring of 1965, McGregor travelled along the Pennsylvania Turnpike to Harrisburg with a law school classmate, Peter Block, who was a huge hockey fan. During the long car ride, McGregor stated that he felt that Pittsburgh had not reached its potential as a sports town. This led both men to examine ways on bring the NHL back to Pittsburgh after a 35-year absence. 
McGregor's plan involved lobbying some of his campaign contributors who were avid sports fans, and community leaders. The group focused on leveraging the NHL as an urban renewal tool for Pittsburgh. The senator formed a group of local investors for the Pittsburgh franchise that included, HJ Heinz II, Art Rooney, and Richard Scaife. The 1967 NHL Expansion depended on securing votes from the then-current NHL owners. To ensure Pittsburgh would be selected for expansion, McGregor enlisted the help of Pittsburgh Steelers owner Art Rooney, to petition votes from Jim Norris, owner of the Chicago Blackhawks, and Bruce Norris, owner of the Detroit Red Wings. The effort was as success and on February 8, 1966, the National Hockey League granted a franchise to Pittsburgh. The Penguins paid $2.5 million for its entry to the NHL and $750,000 more for start-up costs. The Civic Arena's capacity was boosted from 10,732 to 12,500 to meet the NHL requirements for expansion. The Pens also paid an indemnification bill to settle with the Detroit Red Wings that held a minor league team in Pittsburgh, the Pittsburgh Hornets. McGregor was named president and chief executive officer by the investor group, and he represented Pittsburgh on the NHL’s Board of Governors. McGregor and Block each owned 12.5 percent of the team. 
The team was officially named February 10, 1967, after more than 26,000 entries from a newspaper contest were fielded.
McGregor's wife, Carol, named them the "Penguins" since the team would play in the Pittsburgh Civic Arena, which had been dubbed "The Igloo" by the locals. Meanwhile Jack McGregor obtained Andy Bathgate for the team's first pick in the 1967 NHL Expansion Draft.
McGregor was also responsible for the Penguins' their first mascot, Penguin Pete, an Ecuadorian-born penguin on loan from the Pittsburgh Aquazoo. The bird was meant as a surprise for McGregor's son, Doug, for his ninth birthday. Pete made a six appearances at various Penguins' home games before dying from pneumonia. McGregor sent Pete to an area taxidermist, and was he later displayed in the lobby of the Penguins team offices at the arena until several callers objected to the stuffed bird.
On October 11, 1967, Clarence Campbell and McGregor jointly dropped the ceremonial first puck of the Penguins opening home game against the Montreal Canadiens. The Penguins would go 27-34-13 that year. However during the 1969-70 NHL season, financial issues caught up with the team. The investors were "tapped out" after having invested in a pro soccer team, the Pittsburgh Phantoms. The Penguins were sold to the Donald Parsons Group from Michigan. The Penguins would be sold by Parsons in another short three years.
Amarillo Wranglers.
McGregor also founded the Pittsburgh Penguins second farm team, the Amarillo Wranglers and served as team president. The Wranglers were in the Central Hockey League for two years, but the years were not back to back. The Wranglers suspended operations after the 1968-69 season. They then returned to the league for the 1970-71 season but again they ceased operations after that season. The McGregor and the Penguins tried twice to establish a team in Amarillo however the plan failed due to poor attendance.
Bridgeport Bluefish.
In 1998 McGregor and his wife, Mary-Jane Foster, founded the Bridgeport Bluefish a minor league baseball franchise in the Atlantic League. Prior to the 2006 season, the franchise was purchased by Get Hooked, LLC, a group of investors from Fairfield County, Connecticut that still includes McGregor and Foster as co-owners.
Current activities.
Prior to joining the firm of Cohen and Wolf, McGregor served as president and chief executive officer of Connecticut-based water utility Aquarion Company. Prior to that, he operated his own venture capital company for six years. McGregor also served as president of the National Association of Water Companies, chairman of the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection's Pollution Prevention Committee, and chairman of the Bridgeport Regional Business Council. In addition, he served on the boards of Fairfield University; the University of Bridgeport; and the Barnum Museum; and on the Governor's Greenway Committee; the Bridgeport Regional Economic Development Committee; and the Governor's Team Bridgeport.
Jack McGregor Scholarship.
The Jack McGregor Scholarship is an endowment at Senator's alma mater, the University of Pittsburgh, with the purpose of providing scholarship support to financially needy student who have demonstrated strong academic performance in prior studies and who have made a commitment to utilize their law degree working in the public sector.

</doc>
<doc id="19764302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764302" title="Glenorchy, Virginia">
Glenorchy, Virginia

Glenorchy is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764306" title="Greenfields, Virginia">
Greenfields, Virginia

Greenfields is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764319" title="Greenwood, Albemarle County, Virginia">
Greenwood, Albemarle County, Virginia

Greenwood is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia. It is home to the Greenwood Country Store and the Greenwood Community Center, which has the area's only Roller Skating rink. Greenwood has a post office with ZIP code 22943 The Greenwood Tunnel, built by Claudius Crozet for the Blue Ridge Railroad and used by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway until its abandonment during World War II, is near Greenwood by the Buckingham Branch Railroad tracks.
Emmanuel Church, Mirador, Seven Oaks Farm and Black's Tavern, The Cedars, Casa Maria, Blue Ridge Farm, Piedmont, Ramsay, and the Greenwood-Afton Rural Historic District are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19764323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764323" title="Hatton, Virginia">
Hatton, Virginia

Hatton is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764327" title="Heards, Virginia">
Heards, Virginia

Heards is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia. State Route 633 passes through the hamlet of Heards and connects to Ottoway in the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19764338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764338" title="Yancey Mills, Virginia">
Yancey Mills, Virginia

Yancey Mills is an unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia. Today Yancey Mills is the site of the intersection of U.S. Route 250 and Interstate 64, the location of Western Albemarle High School, Henley Middle School, Brownsville Elementary School, and a pair of gas stations.
It is named for Charles Yancey, a businessman who ran a tavern, store, mill, and distillery in the area, which became known as Yancey's Mill. A post office was established there, though was eventually moved to nearby Hillsboro. The mill still stands, under the name of R.A. Yancey Lumber Corporation.
The Miller School of Albemarle was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19764347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764347" title="Carl B">
Carl B

Carl B (born Carl Barrdahl on October 10, 1984) is an upcoming Swedish trance DJ and music producer. Since he started in 2004, he has released more than 15 singles and 20 remixes. Carl B is one of the most well known Swedish disc jockeys. He has released hit singles such as Social Suicide, Chasing Leaves, and Just A Thought. He has also created remixes to artists like Tiësto, Armin van Buuren and Talla 2XLC. Since his breakthrough, he has been travelling round Europe to play at nightclubs.
Discography.
Remixes.
Official Remixes
Non-official Remixes

</doc>
<doc id="19764353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764353" title="It Walks By Night">
It Walks By Night

It Walks by Night, first published in 1930, is the first detective novel by John Dickson Carr which features for the first time Carr's series detective Henri Bencolin. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a Whodunit.
Synopsis,
A closely guarded room in a Paris gambling house, a mangled body on the floor, a severed head staring from the centre of the carpet.. someone had entered that room, killed and escaped all within ten minutes.
Ten minutes after the Duc de Saligny entered the card room, the police burst in - and found he had been murdered. Both doors to the card room had been watched yet the murderer had gone in and out without being seen by anyone.

</doc>
<doc id="19764355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764355" title="Knollwood, Virginia">
Knollwood, Virginia

Knollwood, Virginia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19764363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764363" title="KBBO (AM)">
KBBO (AM)

KBBO (1390 AM) is a radio station licensed to Yakima, Washington, USA, the station serves the Yakima area. It carries a conservative talk format. The station is currently owned by James Ingstad of Fargo, North Dakota.
The station's skywave signal was reported in Salt Lake City, Utah in October 2008. An audio ID of the station was recorded.
On May 26, 2010, it was rumored KKBO's parent company New Northwest Broadcasters's stations could possibly be sold in the near future. Principal of Revitalization Partners, Alan Davis says "The stations are on the air; it's business as usual. I can only tell you there appears to be demand for the stations." In 2012, the stations were sold to James Ingstad.
On August 29, 2013 KBBO and its talk format moved from 980 AM to 1390 AM, swapping frequencies with classic country-formatted KTCR.

</doc>
<doc id="19764391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764391" title="The Meadows, Virginia">
The Meadows, Virginia

The Meadows is the name of some places in Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="19764410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764410" title="Mirko Kovač (writer)">
Mirko Kovač (writer)

Mirko Kovač (26 December 1938 – 19 August 2013) [http://www.nieuwsblad.be/article/detail.aspx?articleid=DMF20130820_00699859] was a Montenegrin, Croatian, and Serbian writer.
Kovač was born in the village of Petrovići near Nikšić (at the time in the Drina Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, now in Montenegro).
His works are novels: "Gubilište", "Moja sestra Elida", "Malvina", "Ruganje s dušom", "Vrata od utrobe" (which won him the NIN Prize in 1978), "Uvod u drugi život", "Kristalne rešetke", "Grad u zrcalu", and collections of short stories: "Rane Luke Meštrovića" i "Nebeski zaručnici"; collection of essays: "Evropska trulež i drugi eseji", "Na odru", "Cvjetanje mase", "Elita gora od rulje"; film scripts "Okupacija u 26 slika" and others. He published "Knjiga pisama" with Serbian writer Filip David.
He received: Serbian "Andic prize" 1987, Swedish PEN "Tucholsky Award" (1993), German Herder Prize (1995), Montenegrin Njegoš Award (2009) and "Trinaestojulska award" (2004), Slovenian "Vilenica Award" (2003), Croatian Vladimir Nazor Award (2008) etc. He lived in Belgrade but moved to Rovinj, Croatia, his wife's hometown, after Milošević came to power.

</doc>
<doc id="19764417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764417" title="Jawad Rumi Daini">
Jawad Rumi Daini

Major General Jawad Rumi Daini (born ca. 1948) is a former general in the Iraqi Army who currently lives in exile in Egypt.
Daini fought in the Iran-Iraq war, and served in the Iraqi Army under the Baathist government until he was forced into retirement in July 1990 after it was discovered that his brother was a member of the Badr Brigade. After the invasion he was faced with the problem of whether to join the Iraqi Army or the Iraqi insurgency. Eventually he was asked to join the new Iraqi Army and was enlisted in January 2004. Under his command he established the 2nd Brigade of the 6th Division.
He was eventually forced into retirement following three major events. He was one of the two Iraqi commanders overseeing the Al-Aaimmah bridge when the 2005 Baghdad bridge stampede occurred. During the subsequent investigation numerous conflicting testimonies where heard over who was responsible for the stampede. Eventually both men where cleared of all charges. The second major event leading to his retirement was a raid at a police station in Jadriya. Following a tip off that a kidnapped boy was being detained at the station US and Iraqi forces raided the police station, finding hundreds of malnourished prisoners being kept in cramped conditions. Daini was criticized by the Iraqi Army for not tipping them off about the raid. Tensions between Daini and the political establishment continued to grow until reaching a boiling point in June 2006 when Daini's soldiers arrested a Mahdi Army death squad. Daini refused to release the men following several requests by phone from the new Prime Minister Nouri Maliki. On July 2 the Cabinet decided to release him from the army.
Following his forced retirement his son Haidar was abducted and murdered, with his body being discovered in a neighborhood controlled by the Mahdi Army. As a result of this and continued threats Daini and his wife and two daughters fled to Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="19764418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764418" title="Helicigona">
Helicigona

Helicigona is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.
Anatomy.
These snails create and use love darts during mating.
Species.
Species within the genus "Helicigona" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19764421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764421" title="Chamankot">
Chamankot

Chamankot is a village in Dhirkot Tehsil, Bagh District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is situated up the hills from Kohala on the Azad Kashmir Bagh Road. Its altitude is , and the Jhelum River is at the bottom end of its sub-village, Malalbagla.
Chamankot has orchards of apples, apricots, and nuts. It has a large supply of natural spring water that serves as a source of drinking water for adjacent villages.
Abbasi, Hashmi and Janjua are the prominent families of the village.
History.
Chamankot possesses some historical value because the ancestors of the Abbasi& Hashmi Qureshi family present in this region first came to this village after their long migration from Iraq in the late 16th century. Chamankot is a very famous village due to its high peaks,pleasant weather and natural spring water which attracts tourists in the area one can have very beautiful scenic view from Pearl Continental hotel Bhurban Murree.It is also a gateway to Bagh city.
The grave of Chand Khan, the predecessor of the Abbasies of this region, is in Chamankot. Most of the population found in the region of Murree and Bagh are members of the Abbasi family. In the mid-17th century the population in the village started to increase a great deal, so part of the family (the nephews of Chand Khan) migrated to the other side of the Jhelum River, in the areas of Bakot and Aliot.
A Grand Mosque in Chamankot,(designed and built by local community),Qari Amjid Abbasi as administrator of this mosque always teach peace and harmony.

</doc>
<doc id="19764422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764422" title="SAtel">
SAtel

SATel is a Bangladeshi fixed line regional operator. It is a private public switched telephone network (PSTN) operator in the South-East region of Bangladesh. As of November 2009, total number of subscriber of this operator is 17.577 thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="19764462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764462" title="KDYK">
KDYK

KDYK (1020 AM) is a radio station licensed to Union Gap, Washington, USA, the station serves the Yakima area. The station is currently owned by Adelante Media Group of Eastern Washington License, LLC.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KYXE on 1983-04-04. On 2007-11-02, the station changed its call sign to the current KDYK. 
Bustos Media used to own the station. In September 2010, Bustos transferred most of its licenses to Adelante Media Group as part of a settlement with its lenders. 

</doc>
<doc id="19764485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764485" title="1975–76 Vancouver Canucks season">
1975–76 Vancouver Canucks season

The 1975–76 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 6th in the NHL. The Canucks made the playoffs for the second seasons in a row, losing in the preliminary round to the New York Islanders.
Draft picks.
Vancouver's picks at the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft. The draft was held at the NHL Office in Montreal, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="19764504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764504" title="St. Roch's Church in Białystok">
St. Roch's Church in Białystok

St. Roch Roman Catholic Church in Białystok, Poland was built between 1927-1946 in a modernistic style, designed by renowned Polish architect, professor Oskar Sosnowski. Its official name is Church - Monument of Poland’s Regained Independence (Kosciol-Pomnik Odzyskania Niepodleglosci) and it stands on the Saint Roch hill on Lipowa Street in Bialystok, in the spot where a Roman Catholic cemetery, founded in 1839, once stood. The cemetery was profaned by the Russians during the January Uprising. 
The church was built on initiative of local provost, reverend Adam Abramowicz, who in April 1926 announced competition for the design of a new complex. Seventy entries were sent, with the design of professor Sosnowski winning. The church is planned as an octahedron, with three masses set on one another. The first mass makes the main part of the complex, the additional two are located on the sides, making the attics. Originally, the church was commemorated to Mary, symbolized with a star, therefore Sosnowski used stars in his design, especially in elements of the vault. After his death (September 1939, during German siege of Warsaw), the construction was continued by another architect, Stanislaw Bukowski. During the Soviet occupation of eastern Poland during World War II (September 1939 - June 1941), Soviet authorities planned to open a circus in the unfinished building.
The church has an impressive, 83-meter tower, which is modeled after that of the Cathedral in Kamianets-Podilskyi. On the top, there is a 3-meter figure of Mary, which stands on a Piast-style crown. The vaults resemble traditional vaults found in houses of northeastern part of Poland. Near the church there is a rectory, also designed by Sosnowski. The whole complex is surrounded by walls, in reference to the tradition of fortified churches, common in eastern Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19764523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764523" title="Charles Horace Watkins">
Charles Horace Watkins

Charles Horace Watkins (1884–1976) was an aviation pioneer who built the first engine-powered aeroplane in Wales, a red monoplane called the "Robin Goch".
Watkins was born in 1884 to Samuel and Lydia (Dutton) Watkins of Cardiff. He designed and constructed a small monoplane between 1907–09 at Maindy in Cardiff and claimed he flew the plane over short distances in 1910, followed by longer flights later, although none of these claims have official verification. As William Frost's own flight at Saundersfoot in 1896 was never officially recorded, then Watkins effort may have been the first official heavier-than-air flight in Wales. The plane is now preserved at the National Waterfront Museum in Swansea.

</doc>
<doc id="19764617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764617" title="1935–36 Serie C">
1935–36 Serie C

The 1935–36 Serie C was the first tournament of this competition.
Girone A.
Classification final.
</div >
Results.
--> 
Girone B.
Classification final.
</div >
Girone C.
Classification final.
</div >
Girone D.
Classification final.
</div align=center>

</doc>
<doc id="19764633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764633" title="Dark Fire">
Dark Fire

Dark Fire(s) may refer to:
In literature:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19764641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764641" title="UF-1">
UF-1

UF-1 is the name/designation of:

</doc>
<doc id="19764679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764679" title="Herbert Huntington">
Herbert Huntington

Herbert Huntington (July 27, 1799 – September 13, 1851) was a farmer, merchant and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Shelburne County from 1830 to 1836 and Yarmouth County from 1836 to 1850 in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.
He was born in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, the son of Miner Huntington and Martha Walker. He served with the militia during the War of 1812 and taught school for a time. He also served as a land surveyor like his father. In 1830, Huntington married Rebecca Russell (née Pinkney). He served as a member of the province's Executive Council for a short time in 1838. In 1848, he was named a minister without portfolio and later financial secretary for the province. Huntingdon resigned his seat in the assembly at the end of 1850 due to poor health. He died in Yarmouth nine months later at the age of 52.

</doc>
<doc id="19764701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764701" title="Kamen Rider New Den-O">
Kamen Rider New Den-O

Kotaro Nogami.
Eventually, after aiding the Den-Liner gang in stopping the Oni, Owner brings up to Kotaro that he had long fulfilled his contract with Teddy. Without Teddy to protect him, though Urataros and Kintaros attempt to aid, Kotaro is unable to deal with the Mantis Imagin without his bad luck acting up. Though Teddy faded when he joined forces with him to stop the Mantis Imagin, Kotaro learns that his bond with the Imagin was restored from the ordeal.
Kamen Rider New Den-O.
Like the other Riders in "Kamen Rider Den-O", New Den-O has access to multiple forms. The first is seen in "Saraba Kamen Rider Den-O: Final Countdown", and his second is first seen in "".
Equipment.
New Den-O Belt.
The is Kamen Rider New Den-O's transformation belt. It is actually the same Den-O Belt once used by Ryotaro, though colored a pale gold to reflect its age. It is affixed with a device known as the in the , which can read a and the Imagin contained on it. When the Rider Pass is swiped across the SetTouch, Kotaro transforms into New Den-O.
New Den-Bird.
The is New Den-O's bike that is able to launch from the DenLiner. While docked in the New DenLiner, it serves as the control mechanism for the train. When a Rider Pass, along with a Rider Ticket, is inserted into the Den-Bird while it is docked in the New DenLiner, the date on the ticket becomes New DenLiner's destination. Like the model Den-O uses, New Den-O's Den-Bird is based on a Honda XR250.
Macheteddy.
The is a machete-like weapon Teddy transforms into to be wielded by New Den-O. It is a large sword with Teddy's face as the guard. With the Macheteddy, New Den-O can perform the Counter Slash with Teddy counting down the attack time given to him.
New DenGasher.
The is modeled after a bullet train and is composed of four separate parts (Sword, Gun, Ax, and Grip) that, when not in use, are attached to the New Den-O Belt. It is the same model as Den-O's. In Strike Form, New Den-O can use the weapon in sword mode, although by preference he uses the Macheteddy most of the time. The weapon is also used by his Vega Form in a formation when the four parts are linked together in a straight line, one by one - Sword, Gun, Ax, and Grip in that order. Once complete, the New DenGasher extends itself until it reaches the size of a naginata.
Uratazao.
The is a fishing pole weapon that Urataros is able to transform into for New Den-O. This appears in "" when Kotaro is forced to team up with Urataros instead of Teddy. The "zao" part of the name is from the Japanese word for .
Momotaken.
The is a sword weapon that Momotaros is able to transform into for New Den-O. This appears in "" when Kotaro is fighting Shocker. The "ken" part of the name is from the Japanese word for .
Full Charge.
New Den-O has three different finishing moves, two for his initial Strike Form.
New DenLiner.
The is New Den-O's transportation system, a bullet train mainly used for traveling to other times. It is similar to the DenLiner, but is blue to match New Den-O's color scheme. Like the DenLiner, a DenBird is usually required for the train to move, though it can be substituted with an exercise bike.

</doc>
<doc id="19764726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764726" title="Mirko Kovač (basketball)">
Mirko Kovač (basketball)

Mirko Kovač (born March 1, 1983) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently playing in the Romanian League team SCM CSU Craiova. He was a member of the Serbian kadet and junior national team. He won kadet European Championship '99

</doc>
<doc id="19764756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764756" title="A Glimmer of Hope Foundation">
A Glimmer of Hope Foundation

The A Glimmer of Hope Foundation was founded by Texas-based philanthropists Philip Berber and Donna Berber to reduce extreme poverty in rural Ethiopia. In 2010, Philip and Donna were ranked #7 by "Barron's" in its list of '25 Best Givers' in the world,
and dubbed as "capitalist crusaders," by the" New York Times Magazine". From 2001 to 2010, the foundation had funded more than 4,000 projects throughout the country. A Glimmer of Hope also runs a local program within Austin for at-risk youth and senior citizens.
Founding.
A Glimmer of Hope was founded by the Berbers in the year 2000 using $100 million in proceeds from the sale of online trading company CyBerCorp to Charles Schwab. The foundation uses a business-based model, with the goal of being a self-sustaining charity. The foundation is headquartered in Austin, Texas, and runs a national office in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
Programs.
By 2007, A Glimmer of Hope had distributed just over $24 million for the construction of water wells, veterinary clinics, and schools in Ethiopia.
Additionally, A Glimmer of Hope allocated $5 million in 2003 for programs in Austin, Texas.
One of the foundation's most notable Austin programs is the annual "Camp Glimmer," a seven-week summer program for under-privileged youth.
Partners.
A Glimmer of Hope works with a number of partners in providing relief internationally. Among the foundation's supporters are:

</doc>
<doc id="19764760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764760" title="Disc harrow">
Disc harrow

A disc harrow is a farm implement that is used to cultivate the soil where crops are to be planted. It is also used to chop up unwanted weeds or crop remainders. It consists of many iron or steel discs which have slight concavity and are arranged into two or four sections. When viewed from above, the four sections would appear to form an "X" which has been flattened to be wider than it is tall. The discs are also offset so that they are not parallel with the overall direction of the implement. This is so they slice the ground they cut over a little bit to optimize the result. The concavity of the discs as well as their being offset causes them to loosen and pick up the soil they cut. 
History.
Before the invention of the modern tractor, disc harrows typically consisted of two sections and which were horse-drawn and had no hydraulic functionality. These harrows were often adjustable so that the discs could be changed from their offset position. Straightening the discs allowed for transport without ripping up the ground; also they were not as difficult to pull.
Today.
Modern disc harrows are tractor-driven and are raised hydraulically. Some large ones even have side sections which raise up vertically to allow easier road transport or better storage configurations. 
Uses.
Disc harrows are primarily used to chop up soil that has been recently plowed to eliminate clumps and loosen the soil if it has been packed. They are also used to chop up old crops, such as cornstalks, to make the land easier to plow and to eliminate clogging in the plowing process.
Offset Harrow disc.
The disc is a secondary implement primarily used to break down soil clods into smaller units. By so doing it allows easier penetration of water into the soil, increases soil aeration and enhances the activity of soil biota.

</doc>
<doc id="19764772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764772" title="Otala">
Otala

Otala is a genus of land snails in the family Helicidae. 
Archaeological evidence in Morocco indicates the exploitation of "O. lactea" by ancient Romans as a food source.
Distribution.
This genus of snail is native to northwestern Africa and southwestern Europe.
Anatomy.
These snails create and shoot love darts as part of their courtship and mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Otala" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19764775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764775" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Stevens County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stevens County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Stevens County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19764806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764806" title="Valle de Zaragoza Municipality">
Valle de Zaragoza Municipality

Valle de Zaragoza is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Valle de Zaragoza. 
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,341. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 82 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19764838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764838" title="Botetourt County Public Schools">
Botetourt County Public Schools

Botetourt County Public Schools is the school district serving 
Botetourt County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764841" title="Smith Dairy">
Smith Dairy

Smith Dairy, also known as "The Dairy in the Country," is a regional maker of dairy products, beverages, and ice cream headquartered in Orrville, Ohio. The company sells products under two major brands, Smith's and Ruggles, as well as private label brands, for both retail and wholesale distribution.
The company has two plants: one in Orrville, Ohio and the other in Richmond, Indiana, and products include cottage cheese, sour cream and dips, iced teas, juices, and punches, in addition to milk and ice cream.
History.
Brothers John and Peter Schmid bought a small dairy on the first day of 1909. The operation initially consisted of two horses, two wagons, a hand-cranked ice cream maker, and a five-gallon freezer that used ice cut from a nearby pond in winter. The name changed several times in the early years, but the company would eventually be known as Smith Dairy.
The Dairy made key operational advancements in the 1920s. One such innovation, mechanical refrigeration, allowed the dairy to expand and make ice cream a larger part of the business.
Smith Dairy incorporated in 1930. During the 1930s, the company replaced its horse-drawn wagons with trucks for home delivery, and in 1938 the dairy purchased its first gas-electric hybrid delivery truck.
In 1947, Smith Dairy became a member of Quality Chekd, a dairy trade organization that uses third-party testing and audits to assure quality and food safety above governmental regulations. 
Smith Dairy modernized its operations in the 1950s, when the first cooling tank for storing milk was installed; the company's first conveyor system brought automation to the plant. 
The 1960s and 1970s were decades of advancement and growth for Smith Dairy, which became one of the first in the industry to make its own plastic jugs. The company purchased four dairies during this period, allowing it to expand its service into additional communities.
In the 1980s, the company began its third generation of family leadership. Smith Dairy purchased the Ruggles ice cream brand in 1988 from the original owners, Herb and Anne Ruggles, which led to the opening of a new ice cream plant in 1989. As part of the plant's grand opening celebration, Smith Dairy made and served the largest milkshake on record, earning a place in the that year's edition of "Guinness Book of World Records".
In 1992, the company moved into new offices and distribution center. The acquisition of Wayne Dairy in Richmond, Indiana in 1994 would enable Smith Dairy to process milk with extended shelf life. This would lead to the 1998 introduction of Moovers, the nation's first UHT single-serve milk in plastic bottles.
Smith Dairy introduced its Yellow Super Jug for Smith's milk in 1999. Since light, natural or fluorescent, degrades the flavor and vitamin content of milk, Smith Dairy chose to use opaque yellow plastic packaging to protect its milk from harmful light oxidation.
, Smith Dairy has more than 450 associates. It processes an average of 100,000 gallons of milk daily and sells over 4 million gallons of ice cream annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19764862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764862" title="Pollution in the United States">
Pollution in the United States

As with many countries pollution in the United States is a concern for environmental organizations, government agencies and individuals.
Pollution.
Land.
Land is where most pollution happens. Examples of land pollution include:
Air.
Air pollution is caused predominantly from burning fossil fuels. Both natural and human are sources for air pollutants. In certain locations, natural causes of air pollution among others are forest fires, volcanic eruptions, wind erosion, pollen dispersal, evaporation of organic compounds, and natural radioactivity. These natural sources of pollution often soon disperses and thins settling near its locale. However, major natural events such as volcanic activity can convey throughout the air spreading, thinning and settling over continents. Fossil fuel and Coke (fuel) burning in plants for energy transfer at production works and automobile combustion for transportation are responsible for about 90% of all air pollution in the United States.
Water.
Freshwater.
In a report published in the November 12, 2008 online issue of Environmental Science and Technology, researchers found that freshwater pollution by phosphorus and nitrogen costs U.S. government agencies, drinking water facilities and individual Americans at least $4.3 billion annually. Of that, they calculated that $44 million a year is spent just protecting aquatic species from nutrient pollution.
Pesticides.
The use of DDT and its consequences as a pollutant is attributed as sparking the environmental movement in the United States.
Waste.
Polystyrene.
Worldwide there are numerous environmental organizations attempting to ban the use of polystyrene. One such organization in the U.S. is Californians Against Waste. The city of Berkeley, California, was one of the first cities in the world to ban polystyrene food packaging (called Styrofoam in the media announcements). It was also banned in Portland, Oregon and Suffolk County, New York in 1990. Now, over 20 US cities have banned polystyrene food packaging, including Oakland, California, on Jan 1, 2007. San Francisco introduced a ban on the packaging on June 1, 2007: Board of Supervisors President Aaron Peskin noted: "This is a long time coming. Polystyrene foam products rely on nonrenewable sources for production, are nearly indestructible and leave a legacy of pollution on our urban and natural environments. If McDonald's could see the light and phase out polystyrene foam more than a decade ago, it's about time San Francisco got with the program."
The overall benefits of the ban in Portland, Oregon have been questioned, as have the general environmental concepts of the use of paper versus polystyrene. The California and New York state legislatures are currently considering bills which would effectively ban expanded polystyrene in all takeout food packaging state-wide.
Policy.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is an agency of the federal government of the United States charged with protecting human health and with safeguarding the natural environment: air, water, and land. The EPA was proposed by President Richard Nixon and began operation on 2 December 1970, when it was passed by Congress, and signed into law by President Nixon, and has since been chiefly responsible for the environmental policy of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19764888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764888" title="Porlock Bay">
Porlock Bay

Porlock Bay is on the Bristol Channel, between Hurlstone Point and Porlock Weir in Somerset, England.
The coastline includes shingle ridges, salt marshes and a submerged forest. In 1052 the Saxon king, Harold, landed at Porlock Bay from Ireland, and burnt the town before marching on London.
Much of the coastline is under the care of the National Trust, and the coastline forms part of the South West Coast Path.
Porlock Ridge and Saltmarsh.
Porlock Ridge and Saltmarsh () is a 186.3 hectare (460.4 acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest on Porlock Bay, notified in 1990.
This site is notified for its nationally important active coastal geomorphological features. It is also nationally important for the salt marsh and coastal vegetated shingle habitats which occur here.
At Bossington a shingle beach, through which flows the River Horner, rising sea levels in the 1990s caused the creation of salt marshes and lagoons developed in the area behind the boulder bank.
Geomorphological.
This site comprises a shingle ridge and associated saltmarsh hinterland extending for a distance of approximately 4 kilometres along the west Somerset coast, immediately north of Porlock village. The type of geomorphological development seen at Porlock has been noted for coastal shingle systems elsewhere (e.g. west coast of Newfoundland, Canada). Although other UK systems probably developed and are developing in a similar manner, Porlock provides the only fully documented example of a nationally important coastal geomorphological system which has undergone catastrophic failure and subsequent evolution following sediment inhibition and a great storm in October 1996 which caused the single ridge to be breached allowing the marsh to be inundated with salt water at New Works (the drainage facilities for the previous managed fresh water marsh). This storm created a brand new tidal lagoon, which since that storm is rapidly developing with creeks forming and land that was recently farmed pasture now tidal salt marsh. 
Biological.
A large part of this site is lower saltmarsh dominated by common glasswort ("Salicornia europaea andannual") and sea-blite ("Suaeda maritima"). Also found here is the nationally scarce Babington’s leek "Allium ampeloprasum ssp babingtonii". The site is visited regularly by grey heron ("Ardea cinerea"), little egret ("Egretta garzetta") and shelduck ("Tadorna tadorna"). Small winter flocks of lapwing ("Vanellus vanellus"), curlew ("Numenius arquata"), and teal "Anas crecca" occur on the site as a whole. The site is also visited by a very wide range of migratory species.
Submerged forest.
At low tide the remains of a submerged forest can be seen on Porlock Beach. The area was several miles inland until the sea level in the Bristol Channel rose about 7,000 to 8,000 years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="19764892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764892" title="Sherrie Flick">
Sherrie Flick

Sherrie Flick is an American fiction writer. 
Her fiction has appeared in "Prairie Schooner", "North American Review", "Quarterly West", "Puerto del Sol", "Weave Magazine", and "Quick Fiction", among other literary magazines.
She has received artist residencies from the Ucross Foundation, Atlantic Center for the Arts, Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, as well as a Tennessee Williams Fellowship from Sewanee Writers’ Conference. She received a 2007 individual artist fellowship from Pennsylvania Council on the Arts.
Flick is artistic director and co-founder, with Nancy Krygowski, of the Gist Street Reading Series in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She teaches fiction writing at the Chatham University Low-Residency MFA Program in Creative Writing. She also has taught interdisciplinary writing workshops in arts institutions, including Carnegie Museum of Art and Silver Eye Center for Photography, and curates literary programs in alternative settings like the annual Writers in the Gardens reading with City of Asylum Pittsburgh.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19764896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764896" title="Alice Miles">
Alice Miles

Alice Miles is a British journalist. From 1999, she worked for "The Times", initially as a parliamentary sketch writer, later as a columnist specialising in health and social policy.
After graduating from Southampton University, Miles was adopted as a trainee on "The Mail on Sunday". She has also worked as a reporter for the "Evening Standard" and as a leader writer on the "Daily Express", and qualified as a barrister. A potential female presenter on "Today" around 2001, she was not ultimately appointed.
Miles won the "What the Papers Say" Columnist of the Year award in 2007.
Miles was appointed in September 2012 to a paid post (alongside Dr Tim Leunig), advising the Education Secretary Michael Gove and Liberal Democrat Minister of State for Schools David Laws.

</doc>
<doc id="19764917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764917" title="USNS Yukon (T-AO-152)">
USNS Yukon (T-AO-152)

USNS "Yukon" (T-AO-152), later T-AO-152T, was a United States Navy "Maumee"-class oiler, later transport oiler, in non-commissioned service with the Military Sea Transportation Service, later Military Sealift Command, from 1957 to 1985.
"Yukon", second U.S. Navy ship to bear the name, was laid down at Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation at Pascagoula, Mississippi, on 16 May 1955 and launched on 16 March 1956, sponsored by Mrs. John P. Womble, Jr.. She entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service under the control of the Military Sea Transport Service, later the Military Sealift Command, with a primarily civilian crew in May 1957.
"Yukon" carried petroleum products from United States Gulf Coast ports and such oil-producing areas as Venezuela and the Persian Gulf to American military bases throughout the world, taking her into every ocean and many seas. She eventually was reclassified as a "transport oiler", resulting her redesignation from "T-AO-152" (as an oiler) to "T-AO-152T" (as a transport oiler).
"Yukon" was placed out of service and laid up as part of the Navy's Ready Reserve Force (RRF) on 20 October 1985. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 13 April 1992 and transferred to the Maritime Administration (MARAD) for lay up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. She was sold for scrapping on 18 September 1995 by the Defense Reutilization and Marketing Service (DRMS). 

</doc>
<doc id="19764933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764933" title="Uvarovo">
Uvarovo

Uvarovo () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19764939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764939" title="2005–06 Liverpool F.C. season">
2005–06 Liverpool F.C. season

The 2005–06 season was the 115th season in Liverpool Football Clubs existence, and their 44th consecutive year in the top-flight, and covers the period from 1 June 2005 to 30 May 2006. Liverpool finished the season in third position, nine points behind champions Chelsea. They won the FA Cup for the seventh time by beating West Ham United in the final 3–1 on penalties after a 3–3 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="19764943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764943" title="Eduardo Rodríguez (baseball)">
Eduardo Rodríguez (baseball)

Eduardo Rodríguez Reyes ["Volanta"] (March 6, 1952 – March 6, 2009) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball from through for the Milwaukee Brewers (1973–78) and Kansas City Royals (1979), mostly as a relief pitcher. Listed at 6' 0", 185 lb., Rodríguez batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Barceloneta, Puerto Rico.
In a seven-season career, Rodríguez posted a 42–36 record with a 3.89 ERA and 32 saves in 264 appearances, including 39 starts, one shutout and seven complete games, giving up 317 earned runs on 681 hits and 323 walks while striking out 430 in 734 innings of work.
Rodríguez died at his Barceloneta home of a heart attack on his 57th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19764986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764986" title="Jog">
Jog

Jog may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19764990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19764990" title="Stengah">
Stengah

A stengah is a drink made from a half measure of whisky and soda water, served over ice. It was a popular drink with British subjects in the early 20th century, in areas of the British Empire in Asia. In W. Somerset Maugham's short story "The Book-Bag", he writes, "I told the amah to fetch the whiskey and syphon and I mixed her a good strong stengah and made her drink a little." The term derives from the Malay word for "half".
Bibliography.
Allen, Charles. "Plain Tales from the British Empire", Abacus, 2008.
Maugham, W. Somerset. "Collected Short Stories Volume 4", Penguin, 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="19765039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765039" title="Adam's Wall">
Adam's Wall

"Adam's Wall" is a Canadian film released in Montreal on October 17, 2008. The film is directed by Michael Mackenzie, who also co-wrote the film with Dana Schoel and produced by Ziad Touma of Couzin Films and by Olivier Sirois. The film's original music is composed by Benoît Charest.
The cast stars Jesse Aaron Dwyre as Adam Levy, Flavia Bechara as Yasmine Gibran, Paul Ahmarani as Najeeb Gibran, Gabriel Gascon as Rabbi Levy, Tyrone Benskin as Mostafa and Maxim Roy as Christine. Younger Adam is played by Kyler Nesrallah.
Synopsis.
In Montreal’s Mile End, Adam Levy, a Jewish teenager, falls in love with Yasmine Gibran, a Lebanese girl… On his way to audition for music school, Adam meets Yasmine, who is participating in a student protest. When the demonstration gets out of hand, they are thrown together in the rush to evacuate the school. He might have missed his audition, but instead he’s met the girl of his dreams! Adam, handsome and shy, and Yasmine, exquisite and passionate, are instantly drawn to one another.
Their love grows, but complications arise. Adam fears that his orthodox Rabbi grandfather, who he’s lived with since his parents were killed in Israel, will stop at nothing to end his relationship with “the Arab girl”. The renewed conflict in the Middle East feels closer and closer to home, as Yasmine’s life dives into a tailspin when she learns that her mother has gone missing in bombarded Beirut. The young lovers’ fight to stay together proves more difficult by the day. The deeper they fall for each other, the more their families feel betrayed.

</doc>
<doc id="19765041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765041" title="Łaski's Statute">
Łaski's Statute

Łaski's Statute(s) (, ), of 1505, was the first codification of law published in the Kingdom of Poland. The printing in 1506 was the first illustrated printing in Poland.
History.
Łaski's Statutes were drawn up by Chancellor and Primate Jan Łaski (hence they are named for him) and consolidated nearly all the legislation that had earlier appeared in Poland. Łaski had been asked to codify existing Polish law by the "Sejm" (parliament), meeting in 1505 at Radom.
The Statutes, in 720 folio pages, comprised two parts. The first, confirmed by King Aleksander Jagiellon and thus carrying the force of law, collected all manner of legislation—privileges, statutes and edicts promulgated by the king or adopted by the "Sejm", as well as treaties, such as peace treaties that had been entered into with the Teutonic Order. The second part discussed the legal system, primarily Magdeburg law, and included text from the "Sachsenspiegel", "Weichbild" and Lübeck law.
The Statutes showed a certain bias in promoting Łaski's political views: they supported the execution movement, which sought to strengthen the power of the lesser nobility ("szlachta") and the king, while weakening the aristocratic magnates, and so omitted some documents that favored the magnates. Notably, Łaski's Statutes omitted the 1501 Privilege of Mielnik and Union of Mielnik. The Mielnik laws represented a conflict between the king and magnates: both had made promises prior to the King's election, and both refused to confirm them afterward.
Printed the following year (1506) by Jan Haller in Kraków and widely distributed, Łaski's Statutes would remain in force as a fundamental codification of Polish law until the late-18th-century Partitions of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

</doc>
<doc id="19765050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765050" title="Raft (band)">
Raft (band)

Raft is a French pop band active in the 1980s, most notable for their 1987 hit single, "Yaka dansé (l'arborigène)".
Biography.
The band was a duet composed of Christian Fourgeron (guitar, vocals) and Pierre Schott (guitar, bass, vocals, born 24 April 1958). They begin their musical career in 1985 with their single "Io (c'est ça)" which passed unnoticed in France. However, in 1987, they had their first hit with "Yaka dansé (l'arborigène)", which was a number 2 hit in France, and earned a gold disc. The single was succeeded by "Femmes du Congo", which achieved a moderate success in comparison. The band's songs contained many puns and dealt with grave themes of society, sung on joyful music. In 1988, they released their first album entitled "Madagascar" and was the opening act for Niagara's concerts. In 1990, the band split up and both members started a solo career. 
More recently, the reformed group participated in the concert tour named RFM Party 80, which started in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19765069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765069" title="Beyond the Devil's Teeth">
Beyond the Devil's Teeth

"Beyond the Devil's Teeth" is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
Forty-five million years ago, Gondwanaland split apart to form India, Africa and South America. Spellbound by the ancient myth of the Gonds who inhabited a fragment of the supercontinent, Tahir Shah decided to follow their path through India and Pakistan, to Uganda and Rwanda, Kenya and Liberia, before crossing the Atlantic Ocean for Brazil, and the Patagonian glaciers.
Roughing it for most of the journey, Shah shared his travels and his tales with a mix of eccentric and entertaining characters, from Osman and Prideep, Mumbai's answer to Laurel and Hardy, to Oswaldo Rodiguez Oswaldo, a well-turned-out Patagonian.
"Beyond the Devil's Teeth" was Shah's first mainstream travel book. Although received well by the critics, it is less crafted as his later works, such as The Caliph's House and In Arabian Nights. In a note on his own website, Shah describes how he set up his own agency called Worldwide Media Limited—and masqueraded as an agent called William Watkins—in order to sell the book: it was a ruse that worked. The book sold to the distinguished British publisher Weidenfeld and Nicolson, and paved the way for a host of other works.

</doc>
<doc id="19765076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765076" title="Kenyan cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09">
Kenyan cricket team in South Africa in 2008–09

The Kenya national cricket team toured South Africa from 31 October to 2 November 2008. They played two One Day Internationals against South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19765077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765077" title="Helen W. Atwater">
Helen W. Atwater

Helen Woodard Atwater (29 May 1876 – 26 June 1947) was an American author, Home Economics specialist and the first full-time editor of the "Journal of Home Economics".
Atwater was born in Somerville, Massachusetts, and graduated from Smith College in 1897. For the next ten years she helped her father, Wilbur Olin Atwater with his nutrition and colorimetry research. During this time she made extensive contacts in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). Her father died in 1907. After she wound up his estate, she was hired by the USDA in the scientific division of the Bureau of Home Economics. 
Atwater served at the USDA for fourteen years until 1923. There she developed techniques of food preparation that retained nutritional values. She wrote pamphlets and books to help, primarily rural, women learn about nutrition and modified methods of food preparation. In the 1920s she served with the Women’s Joint Congressional Committee, which developed information resources for Congress on women’s issues. 
In 1923, the American Home Economics Association decided to hire the first full-time editor for their flagship publication the "Journal of Home Economics". Atwater was chosen and she remained there for eighteen years until she retired in 1941. While there, she served on the White House Conference on Child Health and Protection in 1930 and the President’s Conference on Home Building and Home Ownership in 1931. She was an active member of the American Public Health Association and chaired its committee on housing hygiene in 1942.
Honors.
Atwater was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and was honored with honorary membership in both Phi Upsilon Omicron (honor society in family and consumer science) and Omicron Nu (honor society now part of Kappa Omicron Nu). In 1943, she received an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Smith College. 
The American Home Economics Association established an International fellowship in her name in 1947. Mrs. Francine Van de Putte Gillies of Leuven, Belgium was the first recipient.
Selected published works.
Atwater's published works include:
with Caroline Louisa Hunt
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="19765081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765081" title="Mungo Ponton">
Mungo Ponton

Mungo Ponton FRS (20 November 1801 – 3 August 1880) was a Scottish inventor who in 1839 created a method of permanent photography based on sodium dichromate.
Mungo was a farmer's son, born and raised in Edinburgh. He became a legal apprentice and was admitted to the Society of Writers to the Signet, a legal fraternity, on 8 December 1825. He married Helen Scott Campbell on 24 June 1830 and the couple had seven children. His first wife died on 7 August 1842 and he married his second wife, Margaret Ponton (possibly related), on 7 November 1843 with whom he had a son. Mungo suffered a breakdown around 1845 and moved to Bristol, England for its milder climate. He married his third wife, Jean McLean, on 1 August 1871. Ponton died at his home in Clifton, Bristol on 3 August 1880.
Inventor.
On 20 June 1834, Mungo became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. In 1838, the Society of Arts for Scotland awarded Mungo the silver medal for his contributions to the development of the electrical telegraph.
In 1839, while experimenting with early photographic processes developed that year by William Henry Fox Talbot, Mungo discovered the light-sensitive quality of sodium dichromate. He presented his findings to the Society of Arts for Scotland on 29 May. Mungo did not attempt to patent the photographic process and published his findings in the "Edinburgh New Philosophical Journal". Others experimented with his discovery including Talbot, Edmund Becquerel, Alphonse Poitevin, and John Pouncey, all of whom patented their photographic techniques.
Mungo continued to work on photography and in 1845 the Society again awarded him a silver medal for his process for measuring the hourly variation in temperature of photographic paper. That year he also developed a variation on the calotype process to allow for shorter exposure times.

</doc>
<doc id="19765101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765101" title="WEEZ">
WEEZ

WEEZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19765133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765133" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 65 (2008)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 65 (2008)

Ballot Measure 65 was an initiated state statute ballot measure for the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in the state of Oregon. If it had passed, it would have replaced the current closed primary election system for partisan offices, in which each political party nominates its own candidate for the general election. The system proposed by Measure 65 bore similarities to a blanket primary and nonpartisan blanket primary.
Under Measure 65, voters would have received the same ballot regardless of their own party registration. For each partisan position, the ballot would list all candidates, also without regard for party registration. Voters would choose one candidate, and the two candidates with the most votes would advance to the November general election. The measure would have affected chapters 188.120, 254.056 and 254.115 of the Oregon Revised Statutes, and repealed chapters 254.025 and 254.365.
Former Oregon Secretaries of State Phil Keisling and Norma Paulus were the chief petitioners in favor of the measure.
Proponents of Measure 65 argued that the closed primary unfairly excluded voters with no party affiliation, and that voters should be able to vote for any primary election candidate they wished, regardless of the party affiliation of either the voter or the candidate.
Opponents of the measure countered that every voter is free to register as a member of a political party to participate in the primary, and criticized the possibility that a general election race could have two candidates from the same party.

</doc>
<doc id="19765153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765153" title="Carriage Hill">
Carriage Hill

Carriage Hill is a small neighborhood in the town of Signal Mountain, Tennessee

</doc>
<doc id="19765164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765164" title="Trametes">
Trametes

Trametes is a genus of fungi that is distinguished by a pileate basidiocarp, di- to trimitic hyphal systems, smooth non-dextrinoid spores, and a hymenium usually without true hymenial cystidia. The genus has a widespread distribution and contains about fifty species. The genus was first described by Elias Magnus Fries in 1835.
"Trametes" fungi are food for caterpillars of certain Lepidoptera, mainly fungus moths (Tineidae) such as "Triaxomera parasitella".

</doc>
<doc id="19765187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765187" title="Daniel Charles Moore">
Daniel Charles Moore

Daniel Charles Moore (December 13, 1801 – October 12, 1890) was a merchant, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1847 to 1855, from 1861 to 1867 and from 1871 to 1874.
He was born in Canning, Nova Scotia, the son of William Charles Moore and Elizabeth Harrington. Moore became involved in shipbuilding at a young age. He entered business as a general merchant in Kentville in partnership with James Martin, later becoming sole owner. He was also involved in farming and the timber trade. Moore was elected to the provincial assembly in an 1861 by-election following the death of William Bennett Webster. Although Moore was a Conservative, he opposed Confederation. He was unsuccessful in a bid for reelection in 1874. Moore died in Kentville at the age of 88.

</doc>
<doc id="19765237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765237" title="Polymita">
Polymita

Polymita, is a genus of large, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helminthoglyptidae.
These snails are endemic to Cuba.
Anatomy.
"Polymita" creates and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Polymita" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19765252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765252" title="International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project">
International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project

The International Satellite Cloud Climatology Project (ISCCP) was established as the first project of the World Climate Research Program (WCRP). Since its inception in 1982, there have been two phases, 1983–1995 and 1995–present. The project is responsible for collection and analysis of weather satellite radiance measurements. It infers clouds' global distribution and properties, along with their diurnal, seasonal, and interannual variations. The results are studied to understand clouds in climate, including their effects on radiative energy exchanges, plus their role in the global water cycle. These datasets provide a systematic view of cloud behavior.
The ICCSP headquarters are located at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York.
ISCCP data is stored at the ISCCP Central Archive and at NASA. While the data are typically used for climate study, they are also a valuable resource for astronomical pursuits.
From 1983, institutions from around the world have collected and analyzed satellite radiance measurements from two polar orbiting and five geostationary satellites.
Objectives.
The goals and objectives of the ISCCP have included:
Criticism.
Some scientists suggest that the decreasing trends in the ISCCP data are "satellite viewing geometry artifacts" and the data may not be appropriate for some long-term global studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19765288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765288" title="Everything Is Fine (song)">
Everything Is Fine (song)

"Everything Is Fine" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Josh Turner. It was released in August 2008 as the third single and title track from his album "Everything Is Fine".
Content.
"Everything Is Fine" is a mid-tempo in which the narrator lists off the various occurrences in and observations of his everyday life, such as his house, job, and family. He expresses a sense of satisfaction with his life in general, saying that he's "feeling good and everything is fine."
Reception.
The song received a "thumbs up" rating from the country music site The 9513. Reviewer Matt C. says that it is "much easier to sing about being country when the song actually sounds country."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Roman White and premiered in November 2008.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 52 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of September 6, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19765296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765296" title="Bilyi Bars">
Bilyi Bars

Hockey Club Bilyi Bars Bila Tserkva (; ) is a Ukrainian Professional Hockey League team based in Bila Tserkva, Ukraine. They are a founding member of the Professional Hockey League of Ukraine and act as a farm team to HC Donbass in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
History.
The team moved permanently to Bila Tserkva on October 28, 2012 from Brovary, the city where they were founded. Following this, the team changed its name from HSK Bilyi Bars () HC Bilyi Bars Bila Tserkva.
As of 2013-14, the club acts as a farm team to HC Donbass in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

</doc>
<doc id="19765334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765334" title="Subulina striatella">
Subulina striatella

Subulina striatella is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.
Distribution.
This species is native to tropical West Africa. It is introduced in the Mascarene Islands: (Réunion, Mauritius, Rodrigues).

</doc>
<doc id="19765358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765358" title="1993 Lal Chowk fire">
1993 Lal Chowk fire

The 1993 Lal Chowk fire (literally "Red Square") refers to the arson attack on the main commercial center of downtown Srinagar, Kashmir that took place on 10 April 1993. The fire is alleged by government officials to be started by a crowd incited by militants, while civilians and police officials interviewed by Human Rights Watch and other organisations allege that the Indian Border Security Forces (BSF) set fire to the locality, apparently in retaliation for the burning of an abandoned BSF building by local residents. Over 125 civilians were killed in the conflagration and the ensuing firing by BSF troops.
The fire.
On 9 April 1993, at approximately 11:30 PM BSF troops abandoned the Sanatan Dharm Sabha which had been their base within Lal Chowk. On the morning of 10 April, the now abandoned bases were set ablaze. As the fire continued to spread to neighboring homes and businesses, the area was declared to be under curfew. The para-military forces arrived and were involved in a shootout which resulted in loss of life.
Jagmohan, then Governor of Jammu and Kashmir, in his memoir, alleges that the next morning the building was accosted by a crowd incited by a few militants who then proceeded to set the building on fire. The fire spread and engulfed the locality consuming over 50 homes and 260 shops. When the para-military forces arrived in response to the situation, they became engaged in a fire-fight for over four hours during which over 10,000 bullets were fired. In this and other incidents in the ensuing days, over 260 lives were lost due to terrorism-related violence.
Human Rights Watch in their investigation reported an unidentified Jammu and Kashmir police official, M., as stating that the BSF had withdrawn forces the previous night without informing the police. The official stated that he had requested the BSF for protection of the building as such buildings vacated by security forces in the past had been burnt down. When he had approached the building, the crowd warned him not enter as it may be mined. He alleged that the building was ablaze before the tardy arrival of the BSF troops. He also alleged that tardy and limited response of government fire fighting resources led to the fire growing out of control despite the efforts of he and his men. When a company of approximately 100 BSF soldiers arrived, curfew orders were announced by megaphone, and the troops surrounded Lal Chowk and began firing indiscriminately.
Civilians interviewed by Humans Right Watch stated that the BSF did not allow the police to rescue of people. Another police official alleged that the BSF opened fire on civilians and the police. The New York Times reports that BSF forces fired on people fleeing their burning homes and businesses. Other witnesses stated that the external latches of the buildings had been closed trapping the people inside, supposedly by the security forces. A waiter of a hotel alleged that he had seen BSF troops spraying the buildings with flammable liquids.
The shikara killings.
As the fire continued to spread through Lal Chowk, a number of locals attempted to escape the flames by fleeing across the Jhelum River in 'shikara' boats. According to eyewitnesses, 20-30 BSF troops gathered on the river bank and opened fire on the boats with machine guns. Some of those on board jumped into the river to escape the firing, only to drown. The gunfire continued for at least 30 minutes, and at least 16 bodies were later recovered from the river.
Indian authorities later claimed that "a shikara boat which was on its way from Lal Chowk to Lal Mandi carrying a large number of persons capsized in the river Jhelum." There was no official government investigation into the incident.
The aftermath.
In all, 59 homes, 190 small shops, 59 stores where inventory was kept, two office buildings, five commercial buildings, two schools, and a shrine were destroyed in the blaze. An estimated 125 people were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19765366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765366" title="HMS Investigator (1811)">
HMS Investigator (1811)

HMS "Investigator" was a 16-gun survey brig of the Royal Navy.
She was built at Deptford Dockyard and launched on 23 April 1811. She was converted to a police ship in March 1837. She was subsequently broken up in October 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="19765379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765379" title="Lal Chowk">
Lal Chowk

Lal Chowk is a city square in Srinagar in the Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir. Lal Chowk was named so by Left-wing activists inspired by the Russian Revolution as they fought Maharaja Hari Singh. It is a traditional place for political meetings with Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first Prime Minister, Sheikh Abdullah, Kashmir's first premier and various other Kashmiri leaders having addressed people from it.
History.
It was at Lal chowk that Jawaharalal Nehru unfurled the national flag in 1948. It was here that he promised Kashmiris a referendum to choose their political future. It was in Lal Chowk that Sheikh Abdullah announced his love for Jawaharlal Nehru and India in a Persian couplet saying “Man Tu Shudi, Tu Man Shudi, Ta Kas Na Goyed, Man Degram Tu Degri (I became you and You became I; so none can say we are separate)”.
On 2 November 1947 that Nehru,standing beside Abdullah, addressed thousands and said “The fate of Kashmir will ultimately be decided by the people. We have given that pledge and Maharaja (Hari Singh) had supported it. It is not only a pledge to the people of Kashmir but to the world. We will not, and cannot back out of it,” promised Nehru.
The 1993 Lal Chowk fire refers to the arson attack on the main commercial center of downtown Srinagar, Kashmir that took place on 10 April 1993. The fire is alleged to be started by a crowd incited by militants, while civilians and police officials interviewed by Human Rights Watch and other organisations allege that the Indian Border Security Forces (BSF) didn't provide enough protection to the building and did not allow the police to rescue of people, apparently in retaliation for the burning of an abandoned BSF building by local residents.
Bajaj Electricals built the Clock tower in 1980 with the idea just to make its presence felt in the city centre. For Bajaj, it was a huge advertisement opportunity in Lal Chowk but for Srinagar residents, it was just a fancy tower and a popular landmark with no political symbolism.
The Clock Tower gained political significance in 1992 when the then Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Murli Manohar Joshi came to hoist the Tricolour atop the tower on Republic Day. Joshi’s move brought several militant groups together, uniting them against India. With Kashmiris locked inside their homes, Joshi hoisted the flag in the company of soldiers. He had to be whisked away in haste when a rocket fired by militants landed some metres away from the tower.
Since then, the BSF and the CRPF undertook the hoisting ceremony until 2009 when they announced it was unnecessary to continue the ritual because the tower “had no political significance” and an official function was held at the nearby Bakshi Stadium on Republic Day and Independence Day anyway.
2011 Republic Day Controversy.
The BJP youth wing, Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM), announced its plan to start a march called "Ektha Yatra", from Kolkata, Bengal to Srinagar, to unite Indians in "Kashmir Issue" & show Pak separatists that the Kashmir is an integral part of India, by hoisting the Tricolour in Lal Chowk on Republic day 26 January 2011 as a challenge to Pakistani separatists, who hoisted Pakistani flag in the same place. But ruling party at center, Congress & state ruling party, National Conference didn't want it. They think it may create unrest in the Kashmir valley. This created the controversy.
Center & state ruling Govts took various steps to stop hoisting of tricolour. Trains carrying BJPYM members to Srinagar were stopped & sent back at the beginning of their journey. So many BJP members failed to reach Srinagar. But still top leaders of BJP, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley & many others led the march until they were stopped while entering Jammu & Kashmir from Punjab through the bridge of River Ravi on 25 January. Later all the members in the rally were arrested and were kept in custody in Jammu until evening of next day. 
Security personnel were asked to heavily cordon the Lal Chowk area on Republic day. But some BJP workers reached Srinagar and hoisted flag near it but not exactly on the tower in Lal-Chowk.
Murli Manohar Joshi had unfurled the national flag at Lal Chowk,Srinagar on January 26, 1992.
Arguments of various political figures.
Jammu and Kashmir government says "it would disrupt peace".
Sushma Swaraj of BJP asks “Why are we being arrested? We were marching peacefully. Those who burn the national flag are being provided security while those holding the national flag are being stopped,”
Arun Jaitley of BJP said "For the first time after independence, hoisting national tricolour has become illegal in our country"

</doc>
<doc id="19765405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765405" title="HMS Investigator (1823)">
HMS Investigator (1823)

HMS "Investigator" was a survey sloop of the Royal Navy. She was purchased in 1823 for service in Indian waters. Her fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19765407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765407" title="Odd Karsten Tveit">
Odd Karsten Tveit

Odd Karsten Tveit (born 17 December 1945) is a Norwegian journalist, writer and economist. His speciality is the Middle East, a subject on which he has written several books. Tveit has been a foreign correspondent for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK) in the Middle East through three periods, from 1979 to 1983, from 1990 to 1994, and from 2003 to 2007. 
Tveit has also served as a major in the UNIFIL peacekeeping forces in Lebanon.
__TOC__
Biography.
Tveit has worked as a journalist for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation since 1973. To begin with he covered petroleum development in the North Sea. From 1977 Tveit has been attached to NRK's foreign editorial office ("utenriksredaksjonen").
Foreign correspondent.
Cairo 1978.
Tveit's first assignment as a foreign correspondent was in Cairo in 1978, a short-term replacement for Kjell Gjøstein Resi.
Beirut 1979–1983.
When Tveit started on his first permanent period as a foreign correspondent for NRK, in 1979, he relocated NRK's office from Cairo to Beirut. Tveit stayed in Beirut until 1983.
Amman 1990–1994.
During his next period as a Middle East correspondent, 1990–1994, the NRK office was based in Amman.
Amman 2003–2007.
Tveit was again Middle East correspondent for NRK from 2003 to 2007, when the office was based in Amman.
In 2007 Sidsel Wold was assigned as NRK's new correspondent after Tveit had finished his period in Amman.
Gullruten award.
Tveit was responsible for the documentary program "Brennpunkt: Sporene etter Sharon" ("Focus: Tracks after Sharon"), broadcast by NRK in 2002. This program received the Gullruten award for best TV documentary in 2002.
Books.
Tveit wrote three books on energy politics in the early 1970s. From the mid-1980s the theme for his books has been the Middle East. He issued the book "Alt for Israel. Oslo-Jerusalem 1948-1978" ("All for Israel") in 1996, and "Krig og diplomati. Oslo-Jerusalem 1978-1996" ("War and Diplomacy") in 2005. He was awarded the Brage Prize for non-fiction in 2005, for "Krig og diplomati". 

</doc>
<doc id="19765414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765414" title="2004–05 Liverpool F.C. season">
2004–05 Liverpool F.C. season

The 2004–05 season was the 114th season in Liverpool F.C.'s existence, and their 43rd consecutive year in the top-flight. This article covers the period from 2004-07-01 to 2005-06-30.
Liverpool finished the season in 5th position in the Premier League, but won their fifth Champions League by beating A.C. Milan in the final 3-2 on penalties after a 3-3 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="19765418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765418" title="Michel Chartier de Lotbinière, Marquis de Lotbinière">
Michel Chartier de Lotbinière, Marquis de Lotbinière

Michel-Alain Chartier de Lotbinière, 1st Marquis de Lotbinière (1723–1798), Seigneur of Vaudreuil, Lotbinière and Rigaud, Quebec etc. He was the last private owner of Château Vaudreuil, Montreal. In 1757, on his advice at the Siege of Fort William Henry, the Marquis de Montcalm successfully attacked Fort William Henry. In 1758, Lotbinière again advised Montcalm to await rather than attack the British Army, at Fort Carillon, the fort that Lotbinière had built, which led to the French victory at the Battle of Carillon. In 1784, Louis XVI of France created Lotbinière a Marquis, the only Canadian by family and birth to have attained that rank, and the last such creation made by Louis XVI.
Early life.
Michel-Alain Chartier de Lotbinière was born in 1723 at Quebec, the son of Eustache Chartier de Lotbinière. His mother, Marie-Francoise (1695–1723), was the daughter of Captain François-Marie Renaud d'Avène des Meloizes and Françoise-Thérèse (1670-1698), daughter of Nicholas Dupont de Neuville (1632–1716). De Lotbinière was the brother of François-Louis Chartier de Lotbinière. His first cousins included Louis-Philippe Mariauchau d'Esgly, "La Belle" Angelique-Genevieve d'Avene des Meloizes (mistress of François Bigot) and Nicolas Renaud d'Avene des Meloizes, Marquis de Fresnoy. He was the uncle of The Hon. Antoine Juchereau Duchesnay.
Military engineer.
Michel was brought up at the Jesuit College in Quebec before becoming a cadet with the colonial troupes de la marine, breaking family tradition by being the first not to preside over the Sovereign Council of New France. As second ensign he served in the Expulsion of the Acadians of 1746-47 gaining a reputation as "a capable and courageous officer". In 1747, Lotbinière married Louise-Madeleine Chaussegros de Léry, the daughter of Gaspard-Joseph Chaussegros de Léry (1682-1756), chief engineer of New France, and his wife Marie-Renée Legardeur de Beauvais. In 1749, his relation, the Commandant General of New France, Roland-Michel Barrin de La Galissonière, promoted him to ensign and entrusted him to lead a reconnaissance mission into the region between Montreal and Michilimackinac. 
Completing his mission successfully, in 1750 Galissonière (who was now back in France), sent for the young Lotbinière to join him so he could train as an engineer and artillery officer. Three years later he returned to New France as a Lieutenant and with the title of King's Engineer in the Colonial Regular Army, working under his father-in-law on the construction of the Ramparts of Quebec City.
In 1755, his cousin, Pierre Francois de Rigaud, Marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnal, put him in charge of building a fortress at the southern end of Lake Champlain. He spent several years there overseeing the construction of Fort Carillon (as it was called until the British captured it in the Battle of Ticonderoga in 1759 and renamed it Fort Ticonderoga). Although promoted to captain in 1757, he was refused the position of chief engineer (which he is often referred to as having been) of New France, a position which he had asked for after his father-in-law's death. The court instead appointed Nicolas Sarrebouce, an engineer in the French Army, who wasted no time in hindering Lotbinière's career, sending reports to Paris accusing him of incompetence and malfeasance, ruining his credibility with the Ministry of Marine. As some form of compensation his cousin, Governor-General Vaudreuil, gave him the seigneury of Alainville.
In the run up to the Battle of Quebec his cousin, Vaudreuil, employed him to build defences about the city, and during the battle he served as his aide-de-camp. In 1760 he was put in charge of fortifying Ile aux Noix to impede the British advance from the south, but was forced to fall back to Montreal. Another of his first cousins, Nicolas Renaud d'Avene des Meloizes-Fresnoy (1729-1803), Marquis de Fresnoy, served as major-general in the French victory at the Battle of Sainte-Foy, for which he was rewarded the Grand Cross Order of Saint Louis. After the capitulation, Lotbiniere left his wife and newly born daughter in Canada and returned to France with his 12 year old son, cadet Michel-Eustache-Gaspard-Alain Chartier de Lotbinière.
Seigneuries.
Having lost his land in America, that had amounted to 150,000 acres, he unsuccessfully tried to resume his military career in France. His thoughts turned again to his native land, and he decided to return as a large landowner. From his cousin, former Governor Marquis de Vaudreuil who had retired to his ancestral estate near Rouen, he bought the seigneuries of Vaudreuil, Rigaud and Saint-François-de-Nouvelle-Beauce, also adding Villechauve (known today as Beauharnois) and Hocquart to his existing seigneuries at Lotbinière (granted to his grandfather in 1672) and Alainville. Before returning to Canada he spent a year in London to try to make sure that Alainville and Hocquart (which since the Royal Proclamation of 1763 fell within the boundaries of the Province of New York) would be recognized as his by the British Board of Trade. This resulted in a vague promise, which Lotbinière took as a guarantee.
On his return to Canada in 1760, Lotbinière immediately set about developing his seigneury at Vaudreuil. He built a manor house there for his family, a mill, and the Church of Saint-Michel de Vaudreuil, which still stands today, and where many members of his family are buried with memorials. Vaudreuil is closely associated with his many descendants, notably the de Lotbiniere-Harwood family, who inherited the seigneury of Vaudreuil.
In 1767, he purchased the Château Vaudreuil at Montreal. Short of funds he was forced to sell the seigneury of Lotbinière to his son in 1770. By 1771 his son had bought all his father's Canadian seigneuries except Villechauve, which was mortgaged. In addition to this, he was unable to recover his two properties in New York (Alainville and Hocquart), and so returned to London to again plead his cause. In 1773, he sold the Château. In 1776, the British Board of Trade rejected his claims to Alainville and offered him a grant of an equal size of land in Quebec in compensation for his loss of Hocquart. He refused the compromise and left Britain, deciding to be a British subject no longer.
Agitating in Boston and France.
Taking the advice of his former superior officer, François de Gaston, Chevalier de Levis, he went to France and offered his services to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Charles Gravier, Comte de Vergennes who entrusted him with an unofficial mission as an observer. In 1776 he arrived in Massachusetts, but ignoring Vergenne's words immediately introduced himself to John Hancock as the unofficial envoy of the minister. He spent six months in Boston, and though a personal friend of Benjamin Franklin, he won few friends through his agitations. Lotbinière, for purely selfish reasons, was desperate for France to recover her lost colonies, and did all he could to force the issue. He returned to France with his report in 1777, but Vergennes didn't see it as wise to send him on any further missions. Up until 1782 he still hoped France would recover her lost territories in North America, but after the Treaty of Paris in 1783 any last hopes he had had of returning to Canada were finished.
Lotbinière spent the next ten years in France. With de Lévis' support he re-established his military engineering reputation and clearly held favour at the court of King Louis XVI. He was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Louis, and became a Chevalier with a pension of 600 livres, which was doubled in 1781. In 1784 King Louis created him the Marquis de Lotbinière in recognition of the sacrifices he had made by allying himself to the French cause in 1776, the only Canadian to receive this honour. His son, Michel-Eustache-Gaspard-Alain Chartier de Lotbinière, inherited the title but being politically astute did not use it in order to maintain favour with the new British regime in Canada.
Later life.
Indefatigable as ever, Lotbinière returned to America in 1787 to once again try to recover his seigneuries at Alainville and Hocquart, but two years of effort proved to be futile. On arriving at New York he had asked permission to return to his home country but Quebec Governor Guy Carleton (Lord Dorchester) categorically refused him re-entry. However in 1790, in the company of his son (then serving as Lord Dorchester's confidential agent) he crossed the border unhindered, revisiting his family and his seigneury at Villechauve. His happiness was short lived. He was forced into exile again after selling Villechauve in 1795 for £9,000 to Alexander Ellice, father of Edward Ellice. To receive her share from the sale, his wife asked for, and obtained, a property separation in 1796.
""Embittered and at odds with his family, Chartier de Lotbinière, who had set himself apart from the other seigneurs by the bold stance he had adopted against Governor Carleton, ended his days alone in New York. He died of yellow fever in October 1798, at the age of 75.""
He was the father of two children: a son, Michel-Eustache-Gaspard-Alain Chartier de Lotbinière, and a daughter, Marie-Louise, who married Pierre-Amable de Bonne.

</doc>
<doc id="19765458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765458" title="GHE T 1">
GHE T 1

In 1933 the Gernrode-Harzgerode Railway Company (GHE) bought this twin-axled, narrow gauge railbus from "Waggonfabrik Dessau" and classified it as GHE T 1 within its vehicle fleet. The vehicle remained a one-off; bus services were more important to the GHE. After the Second World War the railbus remained at Eisfelder Talmühle station and as a result evaded Russian reparation measures. In the time that followed, it was redesignated as VT 133 522, and took over the traffic on the remaining section of the Selke Valley Railway between Eisfelder Talmühle and Hasselfelde. Later it returned to duties on its home line between Gernrode and Straßberg (Harz), but was only used as a tool wagon. With its 34 seats and 10 standing places it was just too small. In 1972 it was given its present-day computerised number of 187 001 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn (GDR) in East Germany. Today the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways uses it exclusively for railway specials.
Currently (2007) the vehicle is stabled as its licence has expired.

</doc>
<doc id="19765472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765472" title="In Search of King Solomon's Mines">
In Search of King Solomon's Mines

"In Search of King Solomon's Mines" is a travel book by Anglo-Afghan author, Tahir Shah.
Shah's search began with a map in Jerusalem. The map showed a trail leading to the fabled mines of King Solomon, who built the first temple of Israel out of gold, mined from the land of Ophir. Solomon’s Mines have enthralled and tormented all those who have searched for them and superstition whispers of terrible curses that will befall anyone that finds them. Bewitched by the legends, Tahir Shah decided to take up the quest.
Chasing clues gathered from passed traveler’s tales, and local folklore to the Septuagint, the copper scroll, and the Kebra Negast, Shah was led to Ethiopia, whose empress traces descent from the son born to King Solomon and the Queen of Sheba, and where gold has been mined for millennia.
In Harar, he fed wild hyenas that are said the guard Solomon’s treasure. With Samson, a miner-turner-taxi driver, he visited an illegal gold mine near Shakiso, where hundreds of men, women and children toiled in "a biblical Hell".
In the Emperor Haile Selassie's jeep, he explored the rock-hewn churches of Lalibela, where the gold of Sheba is kept and ventures on to Afar, possibly ancient Ophir. Shah’s desire was to reach the cursed mountain of Tulu Wallel, where decades before an English adventurer called Frank Hayter claimed to have discovered the gold mines of King Solomon.

</doc>
<doc id="19765506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765506" title="Lloyd C.II">
Lloyd C.II

__NOTOC__
The Lloyd C.II and its derivatives, the C.III and C.IV were reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary during the First World War. They were based on the Lloyd company's pre-war C.I design, and like it, were conventional biplanes with swept-back wings. 
After the outbreak of World War I, the original aircraft was refined somewhat by Lloyd designers Wizina and von Melczer, featuring a reduced wingspan and wing area but increased weight. An 8 mm Schwarzlose machine gun was added on a semi-circular mount for an observer. 
Beginning in 1915, one hundred examples of this type were built – fifty by Lloyd at their plant in Aszód, and another fifty by WKF in Vienna. 
Apart from their service with the Austro-Hungarian flying service, ten C.IIs saw service with Poland. These were captured in Malopolska in November 1918 and were used as trainers until being withdrawn from service in 1920. 
The C.III was almost identical except for the use of a 120 kW (160 hp) Austro-Daimler engine, which increased the top speed to 133 km/h (83 mph). Production again was by both Lloyd and WKF, with total production amounting to 50-60 machines. 
The C.IV also used the Austro-Daimler engine, and small batches were produced by both Lloyd and WKF.

</doc>
<doc id="19765512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765512" title="Electric Joy">
Electric Joy

Electric Joy is the third studio album by guitarist Richie Kotzen, released in 1991 through Shrapnel Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19765515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765515" title="Alexandra Powers">
Alexandra Powers

Alexandra Kristin Powers (born September 9, 1967) is an American former actress.
Early life.
Powers was born in New York City. She grew up in an 'artsy, liberal environment' on both coasts with her divorced parents. Her father teaches acting. She said in an interview that her parents, "encouraged me to find my own truth". Commenting on her faith, she stated, "I pray whenever I feel sad. And I believe that whatever is right, will work out." In that same interview, she said that her father was Roman Catholic, and her mother Katharyn Powers was interested in metaphysics. Powers' mother wrote for television programs including "Fantasy Island" and "Charlie's Angels". At the age of six, Powers announced her intentions to become an actress.
Career.
Powers appeared in various television and films roles including "21 Jump Street", and "Dead Poets Society". In the film "Rising Sun", Powers portrayed a prostitute who attempted to seduce the character played by actor Wesley Snipes. She also had a recurring role on the NBC legal drama "L.A. Law". She portrayed "Dusty Brown" in the NBC miniseries "A Matter of Justice". On being successfully cast in the NBC program "Tonya and Nancy", Powers commented, "In a lot of ways, it's the role of the year". For the program, she received ice-skating lessons from Dody Teachman, former coach to Tonya Harding. In a review for "The Orlando Sentinel", Powers received a positive reception, "It should be said that Powers, the Christian lawyer on L.A. Law, is a dead ringer for Tonya (except Powers' thighs are thinner) and that she delivers a convincing performance."
Personal life.
Powers does not adhere to any religion: "I've sort of looked and searched. I was a Buddhist for about six months." She was married to actor Barry Sherman as of December 1993. Powers lamented, "I have to take my ring off when I go to work. And that makes me sad, because I put the ring on and I don't want to ever have to take it off."

</doc>
<doc id="19765548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765548" title="Giovanni Inzerillo">
Giovanni Inzerillo

Giovanni Inzerillo (born in Brooklyn, New York, April 30, 1972), is a construction entrepreneur and son of Salvatore Inzerillo, a notorious Sicilian Mafia boss who was killed in May 1981 on the orders of Mafia boss Salvatore "Totò" Riina during the Second Mafia War.
After the Corleonesi killed his father, they also murdered his fourteen-year-old brother, Giuseppe. Giuseppe had vowed to avenge his father, and not long afterwards he was kidnapped, tortured and killed. A number of informants, including Tommaso Buscetta, said that it was Pino Greco who abducted him and shot him through the head, but first hacked his arm off, symbolically removing the arm the youngster had vowed to shoot Riina with.
When Totò Riina gave the instructions to exterminate the clan he made it quite clear: "Not even the pips must remain from the Inzerillo family". The Inzerillo family had been on the verge of total extermination by the Corleonesi. With the intervention of relatives in New York, including associates of the Gambino crime family, a deal was worked out that allowed the surviving Inzerillos to take refuge in the U.S., with the agreement that none of them, or their offspring, could ever return to Sicily. Many went to the New York area and joined forces with the Gambino family. They were dubbed "gli scappati" (the escapees).
Giovanni returned to Sicily in 2000. Officially he is a building constructor and lives in the same house his father lived in at 346 Via Castellana in the district of Palermo called Passo di Rigano. He was indicted and arrested on February 7, 2008, in Operation Old Bridge against the Gambinos in New York and their connections in Palermo, involved in drug trafficking.

</doc>
<doc id="19765573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765573" title="Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg at the 1972 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program at the Fairgrounds, Judo and Wrestling Hall.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19765576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765576" title="Mursal, Azerbaijan">
Mursal, Azerbaijan

Mursal, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19765594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765594" title="1899 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1899 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1899 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1899 season. They were the first UT team to have a head coach. J. A. Pierce helmed the team in 1899 and 1900. The 1899 Tennessee Volunteers won six games and lost two.

</doc>
<doc id="19765648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765648" title="1934 Star Riders' Championship">
1934 Star Riders' Championship

The 1934 Star Riders' Championship was decided on a knockout basis over nine heats.
Final.
Heat Details.
Heat 1 : Langton, Johnson, Parker, Sharp
Heat 2 : Jackson, Wilkinson, Arthur, Watson
Heat 3 : Lees, Case, Rye, Wotton
Heat 4 : Newton, Haigh, Harrison
Heat 5 : Croombs, Chapman, Murphy
Semi-final 1: Langton, Jackson, Case
Semi-final 2: Lees, Johnson, Newton
Semi-final 3: Parker, Croombs, Harrison
Final : Parker, Langton, Lees 

</doc>
<doc id="19765670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765670" title="Langley Frank Willard Smith">
Langley Frank Willard Smith

Langley Frank Willard Smith , (15 August 1897 - 13 June 1917) was a Canadian Flying Ace in World War I credited with 16 victories.
Background.
Smith was born in Philipsburg, in the Province of Quebec, and was brought up by his grandmother, his father having been widowed. Whilst attending Flying School in St. Augustine, Florida, Smith accidentally stepped into a revolving propeller and received near-fatal head injuries. However he completed his training at the Curtiss Flying School in Newport News, Virginia, qualifying as a pilot on 29 June 1916.
Involvement in World War 1.
Posted to 4 Naval Squadron on 25 April 1917, he scored eight victories flying the Sopwith Pup. In June 1917, his squadron was the first to receive the new Sopwith Camel. A few days later, while attempting to intercept a flight of 16 Gotha bombers, Smith was killed when his Camel lost a wing and broke up in mid-air.
He is buried in the Houtave Churchyard, Zuienkerke, West-Vlaanderen, Belgium

</doc>
<doc id="19765681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765681" title="XM1219 Armed Robotic Vehicle">
XM1219 Armed Robotic Vehicle

The XM1219 Armed Robotic Vehicle was an unmanned ground combat vehicle based on the MULE Platform. The ARV-A-L MULE Vehicle (XM1219) would feature integrated anti-tank and anti-personnel and reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition (RSTA) systems remotely operated by network linked soldiers. The Armed robotic vehicle was canceled in July 2011 over mobility concerns.
Variants.
Assault.
The only production variant of this vehicle was the "Assault Light (ARV-A-L)".
Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition.
The Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition or (RSTA) was likely canceled at some point.

</doc>
<doc id="19765685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765685" title="WTA International tournaments">
WTA International tournaments

The International Tournaments is a category for tennis tournaments of Women's Tennis Association from the 2009 WTA Tour. Tournaments replaced Tier III and Tier IV events. Tier I and II events are replaced with Premier Tournaments.
There are 30 tournaments: 29 knock-out tournaments with a prize money for every event at $225,000 ($500,000 for Seoul), plus the season-ending WTA Tournament of Champions in Sofia, which has a prize money of $750,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19765687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765687" title="Vank, Azerbaijan">
Vank, Azerbaijan

Vank, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19765718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765718" title="S.S.D. Vis Pesaro 1898">
S.S.D. Vis Pesaro 1898

Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Vis Pesaro 1898 is an Italian association football club located in Pesaro, Marche. 
The club currently plays in Serie D.
History.
Vis Pesaro was founded in 1898 and refounded in 2008.
The club has thirty six participations in Serie C and its last season was in 2004-05.
In the season 2010-11 the club was promoted to Serie D after winning the promotion play-off at the end of the Eccellenza Marche season.
Stadium.
The club plays its home matches at the Stadio Tonino Benelli in Pesaro, which has a capacity of approximately 4,050 spectators.
Colors and badge.
The club colors are white and red.

</doc>
<doc id="19765777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765777" title="Daigo Umehara">
Daigo Umehara

Before properly being called a pro gamer from signing a sponsorship deal with Mad Catz, Japanese media usually referred to Umehara as "God of 2D fighting games" (2D格闘ゲームの神 "2D Kakutou Game no Kami").
Early career.
Umehara began going to an arcade game center and playing fighting games at around 10 years of age when he was an elementary school student, the same time when Street Fighter II and hit the game center. Because the SF2 cabinet had a very long line and also had older kids playing, his first fighting game is actually Garou Densetsu. Because there was usually a long line in his free time and he could not stay too late, Umehara first started challenging other players in Street Fighter II Dash (Champion Edition) even though he felt shy and had to ask for permission to challenge first, but that was also when he started to like playing with other players.
Around the time when he was a 13-year-old middle school student, Umehara shifted his main game to Vampire Hunter because he thought he did better than SF2 and first developed some reputation by setting a 286-win streak record before he was forced to leave due to closing time at Akihabara Sega (now Club Sega) game center. He first joined a tournament when he entered GAMEST Cup's national Vampire Hunter tournament in 1995, though he lost in the block's finals. His second tournament and also his first tournament winning is GAMEST Cup's national Vampire Savior tournament in 1997 where he defeated Ōnuki (now Nuki) in the finals.
In 1998, 18 year old Umehara participated in Capcom's official "Street Fighter Zero 3" national tournament and advanced to the finals which took place on a stage in Tokyo Game Show 1998: Autumn on October 11. After winning the tournament by defeating Ōnuki 3-1, as the champion, Umehara went on to face Alex Valle, who was the winner of the U.S. national "Street Fighter Alpha 3" tournament. The international "Grand Championship" was held in San Francisco, California on November 8. This was Umehara's first trip to U.S. and the first overseas tournament he participated in. The match was played as best out of three games, with each game as best out of five rounds. Umehara came from behind to win 2-1; These two events received a 50-minute TV coverage in Japan.
In September 2001, Umehara gained enough fans to have a book about him published. The title is VERSUS, also known as "Umehon" (ウメ本) or "Ume Book." It contains both his background and stories behind his competitions and opponents.
In 2002, Umehara appeared in U.S. versus Japan theme exhibition matches in Japan. American players competed in four games ("Super Street Fighter II Turbo, Street Fighter Alpha 3", "Street Fighter III 3rd Strike" and "") for the right to battle Japan's best players in those respective games. Umehara only entered the "3rd Strike" exhibition, but defeated all of his opponents, ending each round with Ken's fierce Shoryuken. These events were filmed for the documentary "Bang the Machine".
In 2003, Umehara won the Super Street Fighter II Turbo tournament in the first Super Battle Opera (Tougeki) and won the same game in Evolution Championship Series when he joined the event for the first time in the same year, making him the first player to win both SBO and Evolution in same year on the same game. Umehara also went to Evolution 2004 and Absolution 2004 on April 18 in England and won SSF2 Turbo there.
Umehara has participated regularly in a number of tournaments, appearing at least one each year since beginning in 1997, with a brief hiatus in 2008.
The dramatic comeback at Evolution 2004.
Umehara started becoming famous internationally from the YouTube video clips of his match in the Losers bracket final in Evolution Championship Series 2004's Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike competition where he made a dramatic comeback against Justin Wong's Chun-Li. In the final round of match 1, Umehara's Ken was down to his last pixel of vitality. At this point, any special attack would knock Umehara's character out if connected, since special attacks deal chip damage even when blocked. In an attempt to win the round, Wong attempted to hit Umehara's Ken with Chun-Li's multihit Super Art move "Houyoku-sen" (鳳翼扇, "phoenix-wing fan"). However, instead of avoiding it, Umehara chose to "Parry," a technique whereby an incoming attack is blocked without the player losing any health, but by doing so requires moving toward opponent's direction in the same time a hit lands, within four of thirty frames of the impact animation. After the move was launched, not only were all 15 hits parried, but Umehara also managed to get into a good position to make a powerful attacking combo that knocked Chun-Li out instead. This moment, and the ecstatic cheering of the spectators that followed, was recorded and later spread on the Internet, gaining immense popularity. In 2011, Kotaku ranked it first place in its list of "The 10 Best Moments in Pro-Gaming History".
NHK's TV program, MAG-NET, has called this moment "Kiseki no Gyakuten Geki" (奇跡の逆転劇) or "The miraculous reversal play". Within the English speaking fighting game online community, it is referred to as "Evo Moment #37: The Beast is Unleashed", and the offensive combo used would later appear in as Advanced Parry Training #5. This trial mode challenge specifically refers to Daigo's use of the combo, as the challenge description is "Evo Moment #37." (Most Trial Mode challenges within the game have a description of the combo in the challenge.)
Street Fighter IV era.
In July 2008, Umehara came out of retirement and became competitive once again. This time, his focus was on the newly released Street Fighter IV. Because of this, Japanese arcade gaming magazine Arcadia has included a DVD featuring "Umehara Concept Matches" in its January 2009 issue (released on November 29, 2008) and "The God has returned" was stated in Umehara's player introduction part. The DVD contains exhibition matches between him and Japan's 6 top players such as Inoue, Itabashi Zangief, Fuudo, Nemo, and Mago.
2009.
On March 5, Umehara made an appearance as the "God of fighting games world" in a TV show "Gamer's Koshien". He and the fellow Japan's 4 top players (Soushihan KSK, Itabashi Zangief, Mago, and Tokido) had to compete with each other and with celebrities in a Street Fighter IV round-robin tournament where the top players had to beat the amateurs overwhelmingly in order to get a good point as a handicap.
On April 18, at GameStop's Street Fighter IV National Tournament 2009, Francisco, California, there were exhibition matches between 4 players from 3 countries after the actual competition ended. It featured Iyo who had recently won the Japanese National SF4 tournament, Poongko who won the Korean SF4 National Tournament, Justin Wong who won the American National SF4 tournament, and Daigo Umehara who came by Capcom's invitation. Umehara defeated Iyo, Poongko and Justin Wong to win the tournament. He was awarded a free trip to Evolution 2009 in Las Vegas.
Umehara began writing a column in Arcadia starting from the August issue, called Umehara Column: Michi. ("Umehara Column: Street")
For his win at the GameStop tournament, Umehara started his Street Fighter IV competition as a seeded player in the semi-finals on July 18, which is the second day of Evolution 2009. In the third and the last day, Umehara defeated Justin Wong and put him into the Losers Bracket, then advanced to the grand finals just to meet Wong again. The two fought until the last game possible, but Umehara won the competition.
The September issue of Arcadia magazine included a DVD featuring the second of "Umehara's Concept Matches" which is the sequel to the DVD from late 2008. This time Umehara had to fight Japan's 5 top players: Mago, Iyo, Nuki, Nemo, and Shirou.
On August 7, Umehara participated in an all night tournament called "GODSGARDEN."
Umehara participated in exhibition matches in a Street Fighter IV competition in Taiwan on October 10. The matches were broadcast live on Famitsu's web channel.
Umehara went to America again to join a tournament called Season's Beatings on October 16–18 in Columbus, Ohio. He won Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix and Street Fighter IV Singles competition.
On November 26, Umehara and 5 other top Japanese Street Fighter IV players joined a Nico Nico internet live show to talk about the second GODSGARDEN tournament. The show also held an exhibition match between himself and Mago.
2010.
Instead of participating GODSGARDEN #2 (March 6), Umehara flew to France to enter Street Fighter IV tournaments in World Game Cup gaming event that took place between March 3–7. He finished the second place in singles and first in 2 on 2.
Umehara and two teammates participated official Street Fighter IV National Tournament and qualified to the top 14 on April 4. His team was eliminated in the quarter finals. The competition was broadcast live on Nico Nico.
Umehara went to the United States to join Capcom's Super Street Fighter IV "Fight Club" launch party in Los Angeles on April 23. The party held exhibition matches in which he played various characters including Hakan, Guy and Dee Jay against a dozen of challengers. The event ended with a 3-out-of-5 match, between him and Justin Wong. Their draw result from double K.O. at the end left Umehara undefeated in that night.
It is also revealed in the event that Umehara accepted a sponsorship deal from Mad Catz and will play under their name in the future tournaments.
The limited edition of Super Street Fighter IV game from e-CAPCOM store comes with a special DVD featuring two tournaments between Japan's 8 top players: Umehara, Tokido, Iyo, Shirou, Kin Devu, Momochi, Tokidoki Nukings, and Itabashi Zangief. The first one is a "new character only" tournament where Umehara played as Adon. The second one is for old characters. The Super Street Fighter IV Technical Guide published by Enterbrain which was released on April 28 includes a DVD featuring exhibition matches of the new characters played by Japan's 7 top players: Umehara, Tokido, Kin Devu, Iyo, Momochi, Itabashi Zangief, and Shirou.
On May 9, Umehara made his appearance as the "Super Player" on an NHK's Sunday night program "MAG-NET" which had a scoop on Street Fighter. The show told the story about his fame (including his 2004 dramatic comeback), his life, his competitions and his opponents. There was also Umehara's tutorial session where he demonstrated his arcade stick gripping method called "Umehara Mochi" (ウメハラ持ち) or "Umehara Grip" and his signature Ryu's combo technique—Shouryuken > Focus Attack Dash Cancel > Metsu Hadouken.
On May 15, Nico Nico Live held a Super Street Fighter IV online competition where participating online players on Xbox Live got a chance to fight Japan's 3 top players: Umehara, Mago, and Tokido. They also have offline matches and a short talk corner.
Umehara went to Australia for the first time when he participated Evolution Asia Pacific's Super Street Fighter IV tournament in Sydney on May 29–30. He won the tournament losing just one game and, as the grand prize, earned a paid flight to Evolution 2010 in Las Vegas where he will start off as a seeded player.
On June 4, Umehara joined the 106th Xbox Live Park online event held by Microsoft Japan with Famitsu's editorial department. Participating Xbox Live Gold members got a chance to have a Super Street Fighter IV online match and chat with Umehara in the 2-hour period.
After the invitation to play in Electronic Sports World Cup (July 3–4) was cancelled and after getting the 2nd place in Nagoya Street Battle 15 (July 4), Umehara joined Evolution 2010 between July 9–11 and faced a tougher challenge than before with over 1,700 players from around the world participating in the Super Street Fighter IV tournament. However, without going down to Losers bracket, Umehara won the tournament in front of ten thousands of audiences both in the hall and in front of computer screens. The live stream of the event set a new record with approximate 48,000 viewers at peak 2 channels combined (Stickam 18,000 and Ustream 30,000) during the SSF4 grand finals before it went down due to technical problems. Umehara also received Evo exclusive golden arcade stick with serial number 1 as a prize.
After winning the qualifier on May 22, Umehara's team participated in the Super Battle Opera 2010's Street Fighter IV finals on September 19 and won the second place. The event took place as a part of Tokyo Game Show 2010 at Makuhari Messe International Convention Complex. A pay-per-view live stream was distributed by Nico Nico.
Umehara participated in Season's Beatings tournament in Ohio for the second time between October 15–17, Southern California Regionals tournament in Los Angeles between November 6–7, Canada Cup in Canada between November 13–14, and Northern California Regionals tournament between November 20–21. He then went to Kuwait for an exhibition event on November 26.
2012.
Umehara published his first book on April 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19765778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765778" title="List of battalions and locations of the Ulster Defence Regiment">
List of battalions and locations of the Ulster Defence Regiment

Ulster Defence Regiment battalions were located throughout Northern Ireland. The bases were a mix of regimental, battalion, company and platoon locations.
Regimental Headquarters.
HQUDR was based at Thiepval Barracks, Lisburn. This location was also home to the army's 39 Infantry Brigade (39 Bde) and Headquarters Northern Ireland (HQNI).
Training centre.
The UDR's main training centre was located at Ballykinlar Army Base where the battalion headquarters of the 3rd (County Down) Battalion were also situated. 
Battalion locations.
The regiment was reduced to nine battalions in 1984, then to seven in 1991. 9th (County Antrim) Battalion was formed in 1972 from two companies of the 1st Battalion. As part of the Options for Change review, it was amalgamated with 1 UDR again in 1991.
Battalion dispersals.
The dispersal of UDR soldiers into their areas of responsibility was through sub-barracks, as illustrated in the table below, which could hold several companies or perhaps just a platoon. Battalion Headquarters would be located in a major town (usually the county town but not always as some counties had two Battalions). Guarded by a permanent cadre of soldiers these barracks would become doubly active after 6 p.m. as part-time soldiers arrived for evening duties. After Ulsterisation began in 1976 many battalion headquarters eventually had full-sized permanent cadre companies attached and these would maintain a 24 hour presence in the battalion's Tactical Area of Responsibility. In each battalion area, sub headquarter units would maintain direct contact with their own men and Battalion HQ by radio. In many cases the radios were operated by Greenfinches whose husbands or sons were out on patrol. This led to tense moments when mobile units or foot patrols came under attack and submitted a "contact report" (contact with the enemy) by radio.
An example of this structure can be seen in the make-up of 2 UDR based at Drummad Barracks in Armagh:
County connections.
The raising of citizen militias has a history in Ireland stretching back to the creation of the Irish Militia in 1793. The Militia itself was officially disbanded in 1908 and replaced with the Territorial Force (in Ireland, it was called the Special Reserve and, after the Great War, the Supplementary Reserve), which later became the Territorial Army.
Some battalions of the Irish Militia remained on the Army list (in name only) until 1953 as part of the Territorial Army; The 5th Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers: 6th Royal Ulster Rifles and 5th Royal Irish Fusiliers.
The raising of the Ulster Defence Regiment followed the practice of raising citizen militias in Ireland for two reasons:
The raising of battalions on a county basis followed the pattern of raising militias. There were, however, several exceptions with the UDR. Belfast was not a county borough in 1793 and previous militia units in County Londonderry did not use a county or city suffix and were simply known as "Derry" or "Londonderry".
The county connections are:

</doc>
<doc id="19765791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765791" title="1935 Star Riders' Championship">
1935 Star Riders' Championship

The 1935 Star Riders' Championship was decided over twenty heats, and the rider with the highest total score was crowned as champion. Tom Farndon and Ron Johnson did not take part after crashing the night before, an accident that cost Farndon his life the day after the final. Geoff Pymar and Norman Parker replaced them.

</doc>
<doc id="19765796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765796" title="Jordan Ellenberg">
Jordan Ellenberg

Jordan Stuart Ellenberg (born 1971) is an American mathematician working as a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. His research covers a wide variety of topics within arithmetic geometry. He received both the A.B. and Ph.D. from Harvard University, where he was a two-time Putnam Fellow.
In addition to his research articles, he has authored
He can be heard on NPR's "All Tech Considered" segment "The Path from Syphilis to Faster MRIs" discussing the benefits of mathematically filling in the blanks.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Child prodigy.
Ellenberg was a child prodigy who taught himself to read at the age of 2 by watching "Sesame Street". His mother discovered his ability one day while she was driving on the Capital Beltway when her toddler informed her: "The sign says `Bethesda is to the right.'" In second grade, he helped his teenaged babysitter with her math homework. When he was seven, Ellenberg was discovered by Eric Walstein, a teacher at the nearby Montgomery Blair High School. Walstein took Ellenberg under his wing and oversaw his mathematical development. By fourth grade, he was participating in high school competitions (such as the American Regions Mathematics League) as a member of the Montgomery County math team. And by eighth grade, he had started college-level work. He was part of the Johns Hopkins University Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth longitudinal cohort. He scored above 700 on the Math portion of the SAT-I exam at, or before the age of 13. When he was in eighth grade, he took honors calculus classes at the University of Maryland; when he was a junior at Winston Churchill High School, he earned a perfect score of 1600 on the SAT; and as a high school senior, he placed second in the national Westinghouse Science Talent Search. He participated in the International Mathematical Olympiads three times, winning two gold medals in 1987 and 1989 (with perfect scores) and a silver medal in 1988. He was also a two-time Putnam fellow (1990 and 1992) while at Harvard.

</doc>
<doc id="19765803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765803" title="Kardala">
Kardala

Kardala () is a Palestinian hamlet located in the Tubas Governorate, 13 kilometers northeast of Tubas adjacent to Bardala in the west and Ein al-Beida in the east. It had a population of 160 inhabitants in 2006. It is located on the eastern foothills of the northern Jordan Valley on a fertile plain of land. It is situated at a low elevation of -99 meters below sea level. 
Kardala was established in the 1930s. The founders were members of the Daraghmah clan from Tubas who worked as farmers and raised livestock. After the 1948-Arab Israeli War, the A’Hashah family from the Gaza area migrated here as Palestinian refugees. Despite being under the population limit, Kardala is governed by a village council, although instead of consisting of seven members, the council is made up of three members. 
Nearly all working residents, spend their livelihoods in agriculture. Of the hamlet's 800 dunams, 250 are arable lands. The built-up area of the village is 30 dunams. Working residents comprise 66% of the population, of which women represent 31%. The average income is 1,000 NIS. There are no schools or health centers in the village, however, a health clinic is being built. About 85% the residents are literate and attend schools in Bardala. Most university students go to the al-Quds Open University campus in Tubas.

</doc>
<doc id="19765815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765815" title="Uncle Vanya (1970 film)">
Uncle Vanya (1970 film)

Uncle Vanya (, translit. "Dyadya Vanya") is a 1970 film adaptation of the Anton Chekhov play of the same title and directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy.

</doc>
<doc id="19765817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765817" title="FK Lunjevica Gornji Milanovac">
FK Lunjevica Gornji Milanovac

FK Lunjevica is an association football team from Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.
Club history.
Osnivanje.
Klub je osnovan 22. avgusta 2007. godine. Par entuzijasta, na celu sa Bratislavom Simovicem i Aleksandrom Vucicevicem, je zasluzno za osnivanje kluba. Igracki kadar su vecinom sacinjavali igraci koji su prosli celu omladinsku skolu FK Takova i FK Metalca iz Gornjeg Milanovca. Najstariji igrac i ujedno prvi kapiten ekipe je bio Slavko Vujovic, ostatak ekipe su cinili igraci od 20 i 19 godina.
2007./08..
Prva sezona u Opstinskoj ligi je krenula sa 5 bodova iz 4 utakmice. Ocekivanja nisu bila velika, a organizacija u klubu nije bila na nivou. Medjutim, serija dobrih rezultata i nedostatak prave konkurencije donosi Lunjevici titulu sampiona nekoliko kola pre kraja sezone. Zbog nedostatka novcanih sredstava i neuredjenosti igralista, Lunjevica je odlucila da ne ode u visi rang i da nastavi i sledece sezone da se takmici u opstinskoj ligi. Najbolji strelac ekipe je bio Nemanja Pantovic sa 16 pogodaka, a najbolji igrac ekipe i lige Slavko Vujovic.
2008./09..
U takmicenje se ulazi sa ulogom favorita, za razliku od prethodne sezone. Uloga je na kraju sezone opravdana i jos jedna titula je osvojena par kola pre kraja takmicenja. Sezonu je obelezio Luka Racic sa 34 pogotka u ligi. Pored uspeha u ligi, Lunjevica je uspela i da dodje do finala opstinskog kupa. U finalu je porazena od zonasa Takova sa 5-0. Iz istog razloga kao i sezonu pre, Lunjevica nije otisla u visi rang.
2009./10..
Opstinska liga se deli na dve lige Istok i Zapad. Lunjevica je slabo snalazi u novom formatu takmicenja i posle dosta neocekivanih kikseva ne uspeva ni da obezbedi mesto u barazu. Samo na momente su licili na onu ekipu iz prethodnih sezona.
2010./11..
Sezona pocinje jos losije nego prethodna. Polusezonu zavrseva na poslednjem mestu u grupi. U drugoj polusezoni u klupsku upravu dolaze Mica Petrovic i Ivan Miskovic, da pomognu klubu da se povrati na mesto koje zasluzuje. Odlicni rezultati u prolecnom delu su doneli sansu Lunjevici da dodje do baraza, ali sa dva kiksa u poslednja dva kola ta prilika nije iskoriscena.
2011./12..
Sa najvisim ambicijama se ulazi u novu sezonu. Polusezona je zavrsena na prvom mestu bez poraza. U drugom delu malo losiji rezultati,kao posledica velikog broja povreda u timu, je rezultirala gubitkom prvog mesta u grupi, ali opet baraz je izboren. U polufinalu je dva puta savladana ekipa Omladinca iz Kalimanica sa po 1-0. U finalu poraz u prvom mecu od Mladog Rudara na Rudniku od 1-0 i pobeda kuci istim rezultatom donosi penale. Posle 13 serija penala Lunjevica osvaja trecu tiulu prvaka opstinske lige za pet sezona. 
Konacno, klub stvara uslove da se ekipa takmici u visem rangu.
Records.
Team records:
Players records:

</doc>
<doc id="19765828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765828" title="Perforatella">
Perforatella

Perforatella is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
This genus of snails is native to northeastern Europe to the Caucasus and Siberia.
Species in this genus of snails create and use love darts in their mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Perforatella":

</doc>
<doc id="19765846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765846" title="Duders Beach">
Duders Beach

Duders Beach (Umupuia Beach) is located in Manukau City, New Zealand, to the east of Maraetai on the North Road from Clevedon. Duder Regional Park is on the headland immediately to the east.
The land was purchased in 1866 from the original Maori owners Ngai Tai by Thomas Duder. Today the beach is divided between the "public beach" and a private beach owned above the high tide mark by his descendants.
Duders Beach has traditionally been a good source of seafood, notably shellfish, but stocks have been depleted in recent times.

</doc>
<doc id="19765866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765866" title="Fever Dream (Richie Kotzen album)">
Fever Dream (Richie Kotzen album)

Fever Dream is the second studio album by guitarist Richie Kotzen, released in 1990 through Shrapnel Records. Notably Kotzen sings on all tracks, unlike his self-titled debut album from a year earlier, which was composed entirely of instrumentals.

</doc>
<doc id="19765870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765870" title="Ivanov (band)">
Ivanov (band)

Ivanov is a French band, one-hit wonder, composed of Aliocha Berman, Walter Troiani, Patrick Laithier, Gilles Petitjean and Yves Renaud. The band had its greatest hit in 1989, with "Les Nuit sans soleil", which earned a Silver disc and reached number 7 on the French SNEP Singles Chart, in which it stayed for 16 weeks. The next single, "Aventurier", released in 1990, and the album "Casser le destin", were not unsuccessful. Band's members were both writers and composers of their singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19765879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765879" title="1900 Tennessee Volunteers football team">
1900 Tennessee Volunteers football team

The 1900 Tennessee Volunteers football team represented the University of Tennessee in the 1900 season. J. A. Pierce served his second and final season as head coach. The 1900 Vols went 3–2–1, with the first tie in school history coming against in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="19765899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765899" title="Beto Cuevas discography">
Beto Cuevas discography

Beto Cuevas is the former songwriter, lead singer, and sometimes guitarist of the Chilean band La Ley, before they broke up in 2005. He was born in Santiago, Chile, and now resides in Los Angeles, California. He released 8 studio albums with La Ley, including a greatest hits compilation and a live album.

</doc>
<doc id="19765909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765909" title="Rashid Ali (singer)">
Rashid Ali (singer)

Rashid Ali is a singer, guitarist, musician and composer, who first became known for the hit song Kabhi Kabhi Aditi from Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na.
Personal life.
Born in Hyderabad, India and brought up in London, his father is a retired businessman and mother is a ghazal singer who trained with Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan. Rashid’s sensibility towards music has been multi-ethnic and diverse, and although he had basic training on the rhythm guitar for one year, he taught himself all aspects of playing the lead guitar and improvisation by listening to all genres of music, in particular Jazz fusion, Spanish and Latin music. He never had any vocal lessons either and has a natural ability to sing.
Professional life.
Rashid was spotted at a concert in London by A R Rahman. He was then invited by A R Rahman to be a part of Unity of Light Concert where he performed a jazz centric fusion of 'Ooh La La La' and has been a regular feature of A R Rahman shows since then. He started doing vocals for A R Rahman for the first time in Parthale Paravasam in 2002. He has sung two songs in Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na which became chartbusters and earned him nominations for best playback male singer for Filmfare,Stardust, Star Screen Awards and Radio Mirchi Awards 2008/2009. His recent hits are "Call Me Dil" and "Cry Cry" from "Jhootha Hi Sahi". He is also a guitarist by profession and is usually associated with Rahman in his film songs including playing guitar and singing Kabhi Kabhi Aditi ( also creating that special guitar line which was placed at the intro of the song), Ishq Ada Hai and most recently the steel string rhythm guitar on Call Me Dil song from Jhootha Hi Sahi. 
Rashid has finished working on his own debut album titled 'Call Me Rashid' which will introduce some original music. The album has been produced by A R Rahman under his own label KM Musiq. The music has been composed and arranged by Rashid Ali. Bollywood actress Tabu is making her debut in a music video through this album. The first taster preview of the album with a duet with Rashid and a singer from Dhaka Bangladesh, Faria Chaudhary, was posted on A R Rahman's Facebook page on December 22, 2010. The clip was from an adapted Hindi version of the song Ayriliq meaning Separation, a traditional folk song from Azerbaijan.
Rashid's Album titled "Call Me Rashid" has been launched by Artist Aloud (Headed by Hungama Digital Media Ltd) on November 28, 2011. Samples of the song have also been posted on the main website KM Musiq as well as on www.artistaloud.com. The live performance broadcast of the launch has been released on YouTube along with the album which is available currently downloadable online and the CD of the album on T-Series will be available by the end of February 2012 across music stores in India. He has also sung the song "Sun Lo Zara" with Shreya Goshal and Timmy for the film 'Ek Deewana Tha' which released in February 2012.
On 1 November 2012 performed with A R Rahman in Bhopal, India in celebration of the foundation of Madhya Pradesh. In 2013, Rashid has decided to position himself in Mumbai a lot more and shortly after arriving in India recorded a romantic number for another film soundtrack composed by A R Rahman entitled, "Raanjhanaa". The song is his first duet with Neeti Mohan entitled, "Nazar Laaye" and the film was released on 21 June 2013.
In response to people loving the song, "Nazar Laaye" which featured the voices of Rashid Ali and Neeti Mohan, Rashid got to work to write a special single featuring Neeti Mohan called "Tu Hai (Autumn Love) on which he played all the instruments and produced it. This was released in December 2013 and is available as a Free Download exclusively from Rashid's website, www.rashidali.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19765915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765915" title="Turks in Italy">
Turks in Italy

Turks in Italy () are Italian citizens of Turkish origin. The term Turk or Turkish used in Italy may apply to immigrants or the descendants of immigrants born in the Ottoman Empire before 1923, in the Republic of Turkey since then, or in neighbouring countries once part of the Ottoman Empire that still have a population whose language is Turkish or who claims a Turkish identity or cultural heritage, in contrast to the many other peoples from present-day Turkey and the former Ottoman Empire, who identify with their own communities.
History.
During the 15th century, the Ottoman Empire was expanding mightily in southeastern Europe. It completed the absorption of the Byzantine Empire in 1453 under Sultan Mehmet II by conquering Constantinople and Galata. It seized Genoa's last bastions in the Black Sea in 1475 and Venice's Greek colony of Euboea in 1479. Turkish troops invaded the Friuli region in northeastern Italy in 1479 and again in 1499–1503. The Apulian harbor town of Otranto, located about 100 kilometers southeast of Brindisi, was seized in 1480, but the Turks were routed there in 1481 when Mehmet died and a war for his succession broke out. Cem Sultan, pretender to the Ottoman throne, was defeated despite being supported by the pope; he fled with his family to the Kingdom of Naples, where his male descendants were bestowed with the title of Principe de Sayd by the Pope in 1492. They lived in Naples until the 17th century and in Sicily until 1668 before relocating to Malta.
Demographic history.
From the early 17th century through to 1838, the Fondaco dei Turchi served as a one-building-ghetto for Venice's Ottoman Turkish population (thus ""dei Turchi""). The fondaco then served as a combination home, warehouse, and market for the Turkish traders. When the Venetian Republic was conquered and abolished by Napoleon Boneparte in 1797, the Turkish traders continued to live in the palazzo until 1838.
Today, the majority of Turks live in Rome, Milan and Venice.
Turkish settlement.
As of 2008, regions of Italy which had over 1,000 Turks included; 6,202 Turks in Lombardia (mainly in Como and Milano), 3,834 in Emilia Romagna (mainly in Modena and Reggio Emilia), 1,483 in Liguria (mainly in Imperia) and 1,064 in Toscana.

</doc>
<doc id="19765920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765920" title="Global Underwater Explorers">
Global Underwater Explorers

Global Underwater Explorers (GUE) is a scuba diving organization that provides education within recreational, technical and cave diving. It is a not-for-profit, membership organization, based in High Springs, Florida, United States.
GUE was formed by Jarrod Jablonski and gained early prominence in association with the success of its well known Woodville Karst Plain Project (WKPP), which now has the status of a non-profit affiliate of GUE. Jarrod Jablonski, President of GUE, promoted the ideas of "Hogarthian" gear configuration and the "Doing It Right" (DIR) system of diving to a global audience. Following WKPP's introduction in 1995 of a standardized approach to gear configuration and diving procedures, there was a significant reduction in diving incidents within the Woodville Karst Plain cave system.
The standardized approach is the basis of the diver training program of GUE, marking an important difference from the programs of other diver training organizations. GUE also focuses on protecting the maritime environment. The most popular GUE course is GUE Fundamentals, which is designed to introduce the GUE system to non-GUE divers and is the pathway to technical courses. Further courses are offered in recreational, technical and cave diving, as well as instructor courses.
Foundation.
GUE is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization formed to promote education, exploration and conservation of the aquatic realm. The organization was formed by Jarrod Jablonski and a small group of educators, explorers and diving instructors. The founding members sought to build upon the history of the Cousteau Society by creating a diverse network of satellite organizations. In this way local advocates help GUE establish detailed diver training, vibrant exploration and sustainable conservation initiatives. When GUE was formed it was co-located with Extreme Exposure dive store. However, Extreme Exposure has now changed locations, which has allowed for further growth of the organization.
Mission statement.
Global Underwater Explorers emerged from a shared desire to safely explore and protect the underwater world and to improve the quality of education and research in all things aquatic. In line with the original vision of its founding members, GUE is committed to:
Working to redefine the ties binding the average underwater enthusiast to underwater explorers, conservationists and scientific researchers, GUE is committed to the overall goal of promoting the interests of the underwater world and of those who seek to engage it.
Board of directors.
The GUE board of directors includes two fellows of The Explorers Club—Jarrod Jablonski and Casey McKinlay—as well as cave diving instructor David Rhea, entrepreneur Robert Carmichael and researcher Todd Kincaid.
Training.
Among the diving community GUE is best known for a rigorous style of training that diverges from other diver training organizations and seeks to establish high levels of diver proficiency by extending training time, establishing objective performance criteria and requiring requalification among its instructors and divers. GUE diver training started with technical cave and technical diving classes expanding into recreational training while refining its most popular class known as GUE Fundamentals. GUE also maintains adherence to a standardized equipment and procedural system which it claims enhances diver safety and efficiency by reducing confusion and helping divers act as a team. This latter training component is a controversial aspect of GUE training as it stipulates a fairly strict set of guiding principles. GUE’s founder Jarrod Jablonski was a long time proponent of a standardized system known as Hogarthian diving and also a key architect in the Doing It Right (DIR) system which notably refines and extends the scope of standardized diving equipment and procedures.
Courses.
In September 2012, GUE offered 18 courses in four subject areas:
EUF Certification.
GUE obtained CEN certification from the EUF certification body in 2013 for the following diver grades:
WKPP.
The most renowned of GUE's satellite organizations is the Woodville Karst Plain Project (WKPP), which now has the status of a non-profit affiliate of GUE. Numerous GUE members are heavily engaged in the extensive science and exploration projects conducted by the WKPP. This collaboration helped encourage the state of Florida to budget more than 200 million dollars toward the development of enhanced wastewater treatment practices as means to enhance ground water protection and support the conservation of Wakulla Springs State Park. This success is the model under which GUE has launched a global conservation project known as Project Baseline which seeks to document the condition of our global aquatic environments.
Outreach.
Some of the organization's notable outreach projects have included:
GUE instructors regularly host "Introduction to DIR" workshops aimed at promoting the Doing It Right approach to diving.
Publications.
GUE publishes a number of books and videos related to their philosophy of diving. These are generally available through their website, other online retailers and bookshops.

</doc>
<doc id="19765927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765927" title="Far Shariat">
Far Shariat

Far Shariat (born April 6, 1958) is a film and television producer. He was a producer on the film "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind". Shariat was an executive producer for NBC television drama series "Life". Shariat has worked with "Life" creator Rand Ravich on films such as "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", "The Astronaut's Wife" and "The Maker".

</doc>
<doc id="19765928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765928" title="Istighfar">
Istighfar

Istighfar ( '), also Astaghfirullah or astagfirullah ( ') is the act of seeking forgiveness from God. This act is generally done by repeating the Arabic words "astaghfirullah", meaning "I seek forgiveness from Allah". It is considered one of the essential parts of worship in Islam.
A Muslim will use this phrase often, even in conversation with another person. When a Muslim abstains from doing wrong (such as experiencing envy, jealousy, pride, and haughtiness) or even wishes to prove their innocence in an incident, they will use this expression. After every "salat" (prayer), a Muslim will typically recite the phrase three or more times. Arabic-speaking non-Muslims such as Arab Christians sometimes also employ the phrase.
Sayyidul Istighfar (The Chief Prayer for Repentance).
Reported on the authority of Shaddad ibn aws, Muhammad (صلى الله عليه وسلم) said “Sayyidul Istighfar is:
اللَّهُمَّ أَنْتَ رَبِّي لّا إِلَهَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ، خَلَقْتَنِي وَأَنَا عَبْدُكَ، وَأَنَا عَلَى عَهْدِكَ وَوَعْدِكَ مَا اسْتَطَعْتُ، أَعُوذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرٍّ مَا صَنَعْتُ، أَبُوءُ لَكَ بِنِعْمَتِكَ عَلَيَّ، وَأَبُوءُ بِذَنْبِي فَاغْفِر لِي فَإِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوبَ إِلَّا أَنْتَ 
'O Allah, You are my Lord, there is no God but You, You created me and I am your servant and I abide to your covenant and promise as best as I can, I take refuge in you from the evil of which I committed. I acknowledge your favour upon me and I acknowledge my sin, so forgive me, for verily no one can forgive sin except you.’
Then Muhammad continued "If person recites this during the day with strong faith in it and dies on the same day before the sunset, he will be among the people of Paradise and if somebody recites it at night with strong faith in it and dies before sunrise he will be among the people of Paradise."

</doc>
<doc id="19765945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765945" title="Ardfinnan GAA">
Ardfinnan GAA

Ardfinnan GAA is a Tipperary GAA club which is located in County Tipperary, Ireland. The club, which competes at county level and in the "South" division of Tipperary GAA, is known by its supporters as "the village". The team's home ground is on the main Ardfinnan to Clonmel road (the R665) just outside the village. The club draws its players and support from the village of Ardfinnan and the neighbouring parishes of Grange and Ballybacon. 
Ardfinnan club only plays Gaelic football but the area also has a senior hurling club, Ballybacon-Grange GAA, which is based in Goatenbridge village around three miles from Ardfinnan.
History.
Ardfinnan GAA club was formed in 1910. Prior to 1910 local teams had played on the green in Ardfinnan village. At that time the woollen mills had a big influence on the club as many of the players were employed there. Then a junior club, Ardfinnan entered the Tipperary senior championship in 1912 for the first time but were beaten by Fethard. At this time Ardfinnan played in black and white jerseys, and so became known as "the magpies". The colours were then changed to green with a white band and white shamrock; that shamrock still remains on the jerseys to this very day. The club played senior in 1917 and 1918 but due to the War of Independence there was very little football played in the period between 1919 and 1922. 
Ardfinnan reached their first South division final in 1927 but were beaten by a Carrick on Suir side that went on to win the County title. In 1928 Ardfinnan had two players on the Tipperary team that beat Kerry in the Munster Senior Football Championship, Ned Lonergan and John O'Leary; to date this was the last time Tipperary beat Kerry in a Munster Championship. The 1960s were Ardfinnan's golden era, in which the club won the county senior title three times and the South senior title five times, including four years in a row. 
In November 2005, Ardfinnan won their first county title since 1974 with a 1-5 to 1-4 win against Loughmore-Castleiney in Cashel. That title ended a 31 year famine with a late winning point by player manager Peter Lambert.
In November 2011, the club published its official history.
Facilities.
In May 1988, the club's new grounds on the Clonmel road were officially opened. The grounds consisted of a playing field, a covered stand, four changing rooms and a car park for up to 80 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19765960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765960" title="Obtainium">
Obtainium

Obtainium is an album by Skeleton Key, released in 2002 by Ipecac Recordings. The image on the CD is a representation of the bones of the inner ear, including the Cochlea. The name is a play on the fiction element Unobtainium. 
Track listing.
All tracks written by Skeleton Key.

</doc>
<doc id="19765973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19765973" title="Albany, Decatur">
Albany, Decatur

Albany, Alabama, also known as New Decatur, Alabama, was a city in Morgan County, Alabama, USA, situated immediately to the southeast of the city of Decatur near the Tennessee River. New Decatur/Albany existed as a city from 1887 until 1927, when it merged with the city of Decatur. Today, it exists as a neighborhood within the city of Decatur, and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
During the American Civil War, the important transportation hub of Decatur, Alabama often changed hands between the Union and the Confederacy. Eventually, the entire city (except for three buildings) fell victim to the war and burned to the ground during the Battle of Decatur. Just as the city was coming back to life, a yellow fever epidemic swept the area in 1878, causing the population of the community to dwindle to approximately 400 by 1880. 
On January 11, 1887, as Decatur was still rebuilding from the destructive results of the war and the outbreak, the Decatur Land Improvement and Furnace Company, Inc., funded by Eugene C. Gordon, C.C. Harris, and W.W. Littlejohn, invested $7.5 million toward of land southeast of the city. The company formed a new city as a means of reinventing Decatur as a manufacturing and transportation center following the war. They named their new city New Decatur and gave it the nickname "The Chicago of the South," referencing its status as a transportation hub, and as a marketing tool toward Midwesterners. New Decatur was designed as a planned community with the help of famed landscape architect Nathan Franklin Barrett. The company set aside of this land for churches and schools and established what is known today as Delano Park, an oddly-shaped stretch of parkland designed to break the monotony of an urban-like street grid. New Decatur's charter was confirmed by the Alabama State Legislature on February 18, 1889.
The company advertised this new development across the Northeast and Midwestern United States as "the healthiest city in the South," following the installation of a modern water and drainage system, which was thought to ward off disease. The new city saw an initial boom, but slowed soon after due to deteriorating economic conditions. Eventually, though, because of the city's industries and quality of life, many Americans began to move south to New Decatur and inhabit the city. In an effort to mend fences and avoid favoritism toward one region of the United States or another, streets in New Decatur were named in honor of generals from both the Union (Grant and Sherman) and Confederate (Johnston and Jackson) Armies. 
Though New Decatur was built to complement, not compete with, the existing city of Decatur (by then called "Old Decatur"), the influx of "Northerners" angered many residents of the existing city. As a result, hostility between inhabitants of Old Decatur and New Decatur began to surface as wounds from the Civil War were still healing. In 1916, the need to ease these rivalries led New Decatur to adopt the new name of Albany, giving it an identity completely separate from Old Decatur. The city's residents nominated the name in honor of Albany, New York. By this time, the cities of Albany and Old Decatur had formed a major metropolitan area with an estimated population of 8,000. 
Eventually, the hostilities between the two cities began to die down, and the need for a common bridge over the Tennessee River united them. On August 28, 1923, a measure to consolidate the two cities failed due to tax inequities. On February 4, 1927, the two cities finally merged into one, taking the original name of Decatur.
Today.
The evidence that two cities once existed on the site is strong. The street layouts are vastly different, and most of the original street names still exist. As a result, duplicate street names persist throughout modern Decatur and can cause confusion for drivers. 
Both cities' business districts remain in existence less than a mile apart and form modern Decatur's sprawling downtown area. Much of the original turn of the 20th century architecture of the two cities still exists as well, and both Old Decatur and Albany each have neighborhood historical associations charged with maintaining and promoting their separate histories. In addition, the two areas of town still maintain moderately distinct cultures. As Decatur has continued to expand to the south and west (and become more modern in the process), the Albany and Old Decatur neighborhoods stand out as the city's historic core.
The historic Albany neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 3, 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19766001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766001" title="Foothills Academy">
Foothills Academy

Foothills Academy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19766020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766020" title="Jeff Oaks">
Jeff Oaks

Jeff Oaks is an American poet.
He is a lecturer in poetry at the University of Pittsburgh and managing director of the Pittsburgh Contemporary Writers Series. 
Oaks has published poems in '"Field," 'Southern Poetry Review", "Nimrod", "Cumberland Poetry Review", and "5 AM". He has won two Academy of American Poets Prizes, two fellowships from the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts, and a fellowship from the Pittsburgh Foundation.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19766033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766033" title="Precept Ministries International">
Precept Ministries International

Precept Ministries International is an interdenominational Christian evangelical organization based in Chattanooga, Tennessee, since its establishment in 1970. The ministry hosts training workshops, conducts Bible studies, trains individuals to conduct Bible studies, offers study tours to biblical sites, and conducts Bible-centered conferences. Precept Ministries also publishes books and Bible studies in nearly 150 countries and 70 languages. 
The organization is a nonprofit ministry and a member of the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability (ECFA).
Precept Ministries was founded in 1970 by Jack and Kay Arthur, a married couple who had recently returned to Chattanooga from a posting as missionaries in Mexico.
"Precepts for Life".
Precept Ministries produces Kay Arthur's daily radio and television program "Precepts for Life", which provides instruction in Bible study. In 2009 the program received the National Religious Broadcasters award for "Best Television Teaching Program." Kay Arthur was named to the National Religious Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2011.
"About Kay Arthur".
Kay Arthur’s exciting, practical approach to the Scriptures has influenced thousands to use the Inductive Bible Study Method in their personal studies. Her distinguished Christian character, Bible teaching, championing of the Inductive Bible Study Method, and national radio and television programs motivate others to discover truth for themselves. Kay’s passion is for people to be established in God’s Word.
At the age of 29, a divorced mother of two working as a nurse, Kay called in sick to the hospital where she was working because she was sick at heart, sick over the life of sin she had been living. She had a religion but did not possess a relationship with God. On the morning of July 16, 1963, she fell on her knees as a sinner and rose as pure and whole in the Lord’s sight. “For ‘Whoever will call upon the name of the LORD will be saved’” Romans 10:13, (NASB). “Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creature; the old things passed away; behold, new things have come” (2 Corinthians 5:17, NASB). She hungered and thirsted for the Word of truth and began studying the Bible. Her relationship with the Lord and scriptural findings turned her sorrows into joy and her mourning into laughter.
God’s love poured down upon her in 1965 when she married a missionary with The Pocket Testament League named Jack Arthur. Together they served as missionaries in Mexico for three and a half years until health issues led them back to the States. In Chattanooga, Tennessee, Jack began managing a Christian radio station, and Kay began a teen Bible study. Though the study started as a small gathering in the living room of the couple’s home, it soon grew from teens to college students to adults. From the beginning of the gatherings Kay’s and Jack’s deepest desire was to establish people in God’s Word. The ministry they founded in 1970 became Precept Ministries International where they served together as CO-CEOs until February 2012 when they stepped down and their son David assumed the role of CEO. Both Kay and Jack are still actively working at the Ministry.
As one of the principal Bible teachers at Precept Ministries, Kay speaks extensively domestically and internationally teaching the Word of God and the Inductive Bible Study Method. She has taught in many countries including Israel, India, Romania, Russia, Czech Republic, Kazakhstan, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Greece, Taiwan, England, South Korea, Japan, Australia, Singapore, Scotland, Ukraine, Germany, Guatemala, Poland, and South Africa.
Kay is the teacher and host of Precepts for Life, a daily television, radio, and online program which takes the student through the Bible book-by-book, verse-by-verse using the Inductive Bible Study Method. Precepts for Life has an audience reach of over 75 million households and broadcasts into over 30 countries. Precepts for Life was voted Best Television Teaching Program for 2004 and 2009 by the National Religious Broadcasters.
Arthur was awarded the prestigious NRB Hall of Fame Award at the 2011 National Religious Broadcasters Convention and Exposition. NRB's most prestigious award is presented to an individual NRB member for invaluable contribution to the field of Christian communications, exhibition of the highest standards and evidence of faithfulness in Christ.
She was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Tennessee Temple University for her outstanding biblical knowledge. She has written over 100 books and Bible studies, with over ten million in print. Four of her books have received the prestigious Gold Medallion Award. Kay was recently awarded the National Religious Broadcasters Association “Best Television Teaching Award” for Precepts for Life, Precept Ministries’ half-hour television program.

</doc>
<doc id="19766054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766054" title="Mo Anthoine">
Mo Anthoine

Julian Vincent "Mo" Anthoine (1 August 1939 – 12 August 1989) was a British mountaineer who climbed extensively in the Himalayas in the 1970s and 80s.
Born in Kidderminster, he left King Charles I School aged sixteen to become a trainee manager in the carpet industry. It was on an Outward Bound course as part of his management training that he had his first climbing experience, and soon afterwards he left the carpet industry to take a job at the Ogwen Cottage Outdoor Pursuits Centre in Snowdonia. He travelled widely in his early 20s, hitchhiking across Europe, Asia and Australia from 1961 to 1963, paying his way by working in an asbestos mine in Australia and smuggling turquoise into Pakistan. On his return to Britain he had a spell training and working as a teacher in England, before settling in North Wales in 1968 and starting a business manufacturing climbing helmets.
Anthoine was a good technical rock climber and made a number of first ascents in North Wales, the best known of which was "The Groove" on Llech Ddu, a crag on the north side of Carnedd Dafydd. However, it was for his mountaineering that he is best remembered. In the Alps he was involved in a six day struggle through a storm near the summit of Mont Blanc which killed seven climbers, cajoling others to survive.
In the 1970s and 80s he took part in a number of Himalayan expeditions. In 1976 he made the first ascent of Trango Tower with Joe Brown. Two years later on an expedition to The Ogre, he and Clive Rowland saved the lives of Doug Scott (who had broken both legs) and Chris Bonington (who had broken several ribs) on a gruelling seven day descent from close to the top of the mountain. The incident attracted considerable media attention, but Anthoine, a modest man, was content to remain in the background and take little credit.
Mo Anthoine might have remained a relatively unknown figure outside climbing circles but for his friendship with the writer and occasional climber Al Alvarez. He probably saved Alvarez's life in the Dolomites in 1964. Climbing the 600-metre north face of Cima Grande di Lavaredo, the pair were caught by a snowstorm on the overhanging wall and forced to spend a night on a small ledge with wet clothes in freezing conditions. Alvarez was convinced that they would freeze to death, but Anthoine remained calm and kept the pair's spirits up, pummelling Alvarez all night to keep him awake and keep his circulation going. In the event, both men survived with mild frostbite. Alvarez wrote a fictionalised account of the incident for "The New Yorker" in 1971, followed by a full length biography of Anthoine in 1988. The book's title, "Feeding the Rat", derived from Anthoine's characterisation of his need for adventure as a rat which gnawed away at him.
Anthoine was known as a cautious climber who valued safety, travel and the companionship of friends more than the summit. He was sometimes criticised for over-caution, but simply responded that "no mountain is worth a mate", and in over twenty years of expeditions, no members of his teams were ever killed.
His last expedition was a 1988 attempt on Mount Everest led by Brummie Stokes, which failed to reach the summit but did establish a new route on the North East Ridge as far as the junction with the North Ridge. He died the following year of a brain tumor at his home in Nant Peris.

</doc>
<doc id="19766059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766059" title="Turks in Spain">
Turks in Spain

Turks in Spain refers to ethnic Turks living in Spain. 
Demographics.
The majority of Turks are recent immigrants and mainly live in Catalonia (especially in Barcelona) followed by the Community of Madrid and the Valencian Community (especially in Alicante). Smaller communities have also been formed in Andalusia and the Balearic Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="19766084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766084" title="Trailing">
Trailing

Trailing can mean, among others:

</doc>
<doc id="19766105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766105" title="Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori">
Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori

Chandan Ka Palna Resham Ki Dori is a television serial that appeared on Zee TV channel in 2001. The series aired every Monday to Friday at 9pm IST. The show was inspired from the Hindi movie Chori Chori Chupke Chupke, and deals with the somewhat taboo subject of a childless couple and a surrogate mother.
Synopsis.
The story revolves around the Bhimani family, where the head of household, Mr. Bhimani pressures his son to produce a 'male heir' for their business empire. But he is unaware of the situation that his son and daughter-in-law are unable to have a child due to medical issues. However, to fulfill the desire of their father, the hapless couple get into an arrangement with another woman to be a surrogate mother for their male child. But just when everything seems to be going smoothly between the husband, the wife and the would-be mother of the child, complications arrive and a drama starts enfolding that threatens to blow in the face of the once happy family. Now the questions remain that will the ‘other’ woman give away the male heir and quietly walk out of the Bhimani family?

</doc>
<doc id="19766130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766130" title="Mayfield Grammar School">
Mayfield Grammar School

Mayfield Grammar School (formerly "Gravesend Grammar School for Girls") is a grammar school with academy status, located off the Old Road West(B261) in Gravesend, Kent, England. The school accepts girls at age 11 by examination and both girls and boys at age 16, based on their GCSE results. 
History.
The school was founded in 1914 as the County School for Girls, and moved to its present site in 1926. Currently the school has the main site, and an additional site known as the "Isaac Newton Building" (referred to by pupils as the IN) which consists mainly of sports and technology facilities. Both sites are situated on Pelham Road and are approximately a 5-10 minute walk from each other. Throughout its history the school has remained selective and was known as Gravesend School for Girls, prior to becoming Gravesend Grammar School for Girls. The school was renamed "Mayfield Grammar School, Gravesend" in September 2011 due to the number of boys in the sixth form which deemed the part of the name 'for Girls' as unsuitable. This action sparked much controversy within the school itself, former pupils, parents, and the local community. The school achieved dual specialisms in Science and Languages.
Sixth form.
The sixth form currently contains approximately 250 students, of both boys and girls, studying A Levels in a variety of subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="19766132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766132" title="Symbols of Poland">
Symbols of Poland

National symbols of Poland are the symbols that are used in Poland to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of its cultural life and history. They intend to unite people by creating visual, verbal, or iconic representations of the national people, values, goals, or history. These symbols are often rallied around as part of celebrations of patriotism or nationalism and are designed to be inclusive and representative of all the people of the national community.
__NOTOC__
Official symbols.
The official symbols of the Republic of Poland are described in two legal documents: the Constitution of the Republic of Poland of 1997 () and the Coat of Arms, Colors and Anthem of the Republic of Poland, and State Seals Act () of 1980 with subsequent amendments. The Jack of the President is defined in the Ordinance of the Minister of National Defense on the Use of Insignia of the Armed Forces of January 26, 1996 with subsequent amendments.
Flag.
The Flag of Poland consists of two horizontal stripes of equal width, the upper one white and the lower one red. The two colors are defined in the Polish constitution as the national colors. They are of heraldic origin and derive from the tinctures (colors) of the coats of arms of the two constituent nations of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, i.e. the White Eagle of Poland and the Pursuer of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, a white knight riding a white horse, both on a red shield.
Coat of arms.
The White Eagle () is the national coat of arms of Poland. It is a stylized white eagle with a golden beak and talons, and wearing a golden crown, in a red shield. The White Eagle emblem originated when Poland's legendary founder Lech saw a white eagle's nest. When he looked at the bird, a ray of sunshine from the red setting sun fell on its wings, so they appeared tipped with gold, the rest of the eagle was pure white. He was delighted and decided to settle there and placed the eagle on his emblem.
National Anthem.
Dąbrowski's Mazurka () is the national anthem of Poland. The English translation of its Polish incipit is "Poland is not yet lost". The lyrics were written by Józef Wybicki in July, 1797, two years after the Third Partition of Poland. The music is an unattributed mazurka and considered a "folk tune" that was altered to suit the lyrics. It was originally meant to boost the morale of Polish soldiers serving under General Jan Henryk Dąbrowski's Polish Legions in the Italian campaigns of the French Revolutionary Wars. "Dabrowski's Mazurka", expressing the idea that the nation of Poland, despite lack of independence, had not disappeared as long as the Polish people were still alive and fighting in its name, soon became one of the most popular patriotic songs in Poland. When Poland re-emerged as an independent state in 1918, "Dabrowski's Mazurka" became its "de facto" anthem. It was officially adopted as the national anthem of the Second Polish Republic in 1926.
Presidential jack flag.
The Jack of the President of the Republic of Poland – Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Poland () is a jack flag used in the Polish Armed Forces to mark the presence and pay respect to the President of the Republic of Poland who is also "ex officio" the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces. The jack is raised on Polish Navy ships when the president is officially on board, as well as on land, if the president is present. The design of the jack is based directly on the pre-war Banner of the Republic of Poland which used to be part of presidential insignia. The ordinance defines the jack of the President as "a piece of red cloth with the image of the state eagle (i.e. the White Eagle from the national coat of arms) in the middle, bordered with a "wężyk generalski"", an ornate wavy line used in the Polish military as a symbol of general's rank.
Unofficial symbols.
There are a number of unofficial symbols used to represent Poland.
National animal.
It is believed to be the White-tailed Eagle () shown in the Coat of Arms of Poland.
Mottos.
Poland has no official motto of the State, namely the one which is recognized as such by the Polish national law.
However, there are some common phrases which appear commonly on banners, flags and other symbols of the Polish State.
Ethnonyms.
The ethnonyms for the Poles (people) and Poland (their country) include endonyms (the way Polish people refer to themselves and their country) and exonyms (the way other peoples refer to the Poles and their country). Endonyms and most exonyms for Poles and Poland derive from the name of the West Slavic tribe of Polans ("Polanie"), while in some languages the exonyms for Poland derive from the name of another tribe – the Lendians ("Lędzianie").
The Polish words for a Pole are "Polak" (masculine) and "Polka" (feminine), "Polki" being the plural form for two or more women and "Polacy" being the plural form for the rest. The adjective "Polish" translates to Polish as "polski" (masculine), "polska" (feminine) and "polskie" (neuter). The common Polish name for Poland is "Polska".
Rzeczpospolita.
The full official name of the Polish state is "Rzeczpospolita Polska" which loosely translates as "Republic of Poland". The word "rzeczpospolita" has been used in Poland since at least 16th century, originally a generic term to denote any state with a republican or similar form of government. Today, however, the word is used almost solely in reference to the Polish State.
National personification.
Polonia, the name for Poland in Latin and many Romance and other languages, is most often used in modern Polish as referring to the Polish diaspora. However it was also used as a national personification or the symbolic depiction of Poland as a woman called by the Latin name of that country was common in the 19th Century. This is exemplified in Jan Matejkos, "Polonia" with the aftermath of the failed January 1863 Uprising; one of the most patriotic and symbolic paintings by Matejko. Captives await exile to Siberia. Russian officers and soldiers supervise a blacksmith placing shackles on the woman (Polonia). The blonde haired woman next to her represents Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="19766163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766163" title="Bruno Visentini">
Bruno Visentini

Bruno Visentini (August 1, 1914 - February 13, 1995) was an Italian politician, senator, minister, lecturer and industrialist.
Biography.
Visentini was born at Treviso.
He graduated in law at the Padua University and joined anti-fascist student associations. In 1941 he emigrated to France, where. in 1943, he was arrested and released after July 25, the day of resignation of Benito Mussolini. He was the co-founder of Action Party (Partito d'Azione) with Ugo La Malfa and took part to the resistance against the German occupation in Veneto and in Rome.
In 1946 he abandoned the Action Party and joined the Italian Republican Party (PRI). He was also appointed professor at the University of Urbino. In December 1945 Visentini was nominated undersecretary for Minister of Finance in Alcide De Gasperi's first cabinet. In 1950 he became vice-president of the Institute for Industrial Reconstruction (IRI), a position he held until 1970; while at IRI, he was chairman of Olivetti (1963 - 1982, with a short interruption).
In the 1972 election Visentini was elected as a Member of Parliament for PRI. Two years later he was elected vice-president of Confederation of Italian Industry (Confindustria) but on November 23 he resigned to become Minister of Finance in Aldo Moro's fourth government, during which he launched a program of reforms of the fiscal system. In the 1976 election Visentini was elected Senator and in 1979 he became vice-premer and Minister for budget in Giulio Andreotti's fifth government after Ugo La Malfa's death until. He resigned in the following July. He was again Minister of Finance when Bettino Craxi had tenure as Italian Prime Minister in the 1980s.
He was president of his party from 1979 to 1992, Member of the European Parliament twice (elected in 1979 and 1989), and also re-elected senator in the 1983, 1987 and 1992 elections. Later he left PRI and was elected at Italian Senate with Alliance of Progressives led by Achille Occhetto in the 1994 election. 
He died in Rome in 1995.
<BR>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19766251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766251" title="Gustav Adolf Hugo Dahlstedt">
Gustav Adolf Hugo Dahlstedt

Gustav Adolf Hugo Dahlstedt (1856 - 1934) was a Swedish botanist who worked at the Bergianska Trädgården and Naturhistoriska Riksmuseet in Stockholm. In 1907 he achieved his honorary doctorate.
Dahlstedt specialized in research of the plant genera "Taraxacum" and "Hieracium". The botanical genus "Dahlstedtia" from the subfamily Faboideae is named in his honor. 

</doc>
<doc id="19766277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766277" title="Bahram Afzali">
Bahram Afzali

Bahram Afzali (1938-25 February 1984) was the Commander of Iranian Navy from 1980 to 1983. He was executed in Iran in 1984 due to his alleged involvement in espionage for the Soviet Union.
Career.
Afzali was an engineer and a captain in the Imperial Iranian Navy. After the 1979 revolution, he continued to serve in the Navy and took part in the Iran-Iraq war. Then Iranian president Abolhassan Beni Sadr appointed him as the commander of the Navy in June 1980. He was also special adviser of then speaker of the Iranian parliament, Ali Akhbar Hashemi Rafsanjani.
Arrest, trial and death.
At the beginning of 1983, Afzali, along with more than a thousand members of the Tudeh Party was arrested by the IRP. They began to be tried at the military tribunal in December 1983, and 32 of them were sentenced to death. Their judge was Hojjat Al Islam Mohammad Reyshahri, who also interrogated Mahdi Hashemi in 1986. The location of the tribunal has been never revealed.
Ten of these Tudeh members were executed. On 25 February 1984, Afzali was executed on charge of espionage for the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19766306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766306" title="Quşçular, Shusha">
Quşçular, Shusha

Quşçular, Shusha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19766318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766318" title="Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 110 metres hurdles">
Athletics at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 110 metres hurdles

The men's 110 metres hurdles event was part of the track and field athletics programme at the 1924 Summer Olympics. The competition was held on Tuesday, July 8, 1924 and on Wednesday, July 9, 1924.
Twenty-eight hurdlers from 15 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Results.
Round 1.
All heats were held on Tuesday, July 8, 1924.
The best two finishers of every heat qualified for the semi-finals. Heat seven saw a walkover as only one competitor qualified for the next round.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Heat 7
Johnson had a walkover.
Heat 8
Semifinals.
All semi-finals were held on Tuesday, July 8, 1924.
The best two finishers of every heat qualified for the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
The final was held on Wednesday, July 9, 1924. George Guthrie finished third, but was disqualified for knocking over three hurdles, which was not in accordance with the rules in force at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="19766330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766330" title="Andy Kerr (musician)">
Andy Kerr (musician)

Andy Kerr is a Canadian-born musician, originally from British Columbia and currently residing in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Kerr is best known as the former guitarist, frequent vocalist, and co-songwriter in the progressive punk rock/punk jazz band NoMeansNo. He has also recorded and performed as a solo artist, and his current group is Two Pin Din.
History.
Kerr initially appeared on the Victoria, British Columbia punk rock scene of the late 1970s as the singer/guitarist in the pop punk group the Infamous Scientists. Founded in 1979, the group released two EPs prior to disbanding in 1982. The final lineup of this group included NoMeansNo drummer John Wright. 
Kerr went on to join NoMeansNo as guitarist and vocalist in 1983 after founding members Wright and his brother Rob conducted the group as a sporadically active two-piece for four years. His unique sound and playing style added a strong complementary quality to the group. Running a Fender Bassman amplifier through a P.A. speaker, he attained a relentlessly jagged guitar tone quite suited to heavy dynamics of the Wright brothers' rhythm section. Rob Wright, the group's primary vocalist through much of its career, suffered from nodules on his vocal cords during much of the late 1980s, leaving Kerr temporarily responsible for the bulk of the vocal duties, notably on the "Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed" record. By the time of the "Wrong" album of 1989, Wright had undergone successful throat surgery and reclaimed the slight majority of the band's lead vocal parts. Kerr seems to have attempted anonymity in his involvement with NoMeansNo, favoring pseudonyms and nameless references to himself in album liner notes. NoMeansNo enjoyed modest international success among critics and fans during this time. During a nine year stint in the band, he played on four studio LPs, three EPs, a live record, and a collaborative LP with singer Jello Biafra, prior to emigrating to the Netherlands in 1992 and leaving the group.
Kerr's first project after leaving Canada found him collaborating with Canadian musician Scott Henderson (of Shovelhed and the Showbusiness Giants, among other groups) in an unorthodox manner - via airmail. The pair would individually experiment with home recordings and mail each other cassette tapes of their efforts for the other to elaborate upon. Calling themselves Hissanol, the experimental group released two full-length albums on the Alternative Tentacles label, with whom NoMeansNo had previously worked.
In 1997, Kerr released a solo record called "Once Bitten, Twice Removed." This album, initially on cassette only prior to being re-released on CD-R in 2000, found him experimenting with a number of more traditional musical styles, including country, folk, pop, and rockabilly, as well as more familiar turns towards punk rock and pop punk.
Currently, Kerr is working with former Dog Faced Hermans drummer Wilf Plum in a two-piece guitar rock project called Two Pin Din. The group released their debut record, "In Case of Fire Break Glass" in 2008.
Kerr was, at different times, also briefly involved with NoMeansNo-related projects the Hanson Brothers and the Showbusiness Giants in the 1980s and early 1990s. In the latter group, he performed on bass guitar. Via his pseudonyms, he is credited as playing "some bass" on several NoMeansNo records as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19766333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766333" title="Allan Antliff">
Allan Antliff

__NOTOC__
Allan W. Antliff is an anarchist activist, art critic and author who has written extensively on the topics of anarchism and art in North America.
Antliff holds the Canada Research Chair in Art History at the University of Victoria, where he teaches undergraduate and graduate courses on modern and contemporary art. His research interests include dada, contemporary art, anarchist history and political theory, and his graduate seminars include “20th-Century Anarchism and Avant-Garde Art”; “New York Dada” and “American Modernism Between the Wars”. In addition to teaching art history, Antliff co-edits the "Alternative Press Review", serves as art editor for "Anarchist Studies", edited the volume " Only a Beginning: An Anarchist Anthology" (1998) and has written two scholarly books; "Anarchist Modernism: Art, Politics and the First American Avant-Garde" (2001) and "Art and Anarchy: From the Paris Commune to the Fall of the Berlin Wall" (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19766339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766339" title="Renaico River">
Renaico River

Renaico River is a Chilean river that, along all its length, straddles the border between the regions of Bío Bío and La Araucanía. Renaico River rises from the northwest flank of Cordillera de Pemehue, a western spur of the Andes Mountains, north of Tolhuaca volcano. In its upper course, the river parallels the east and north border of Malleco National Reserve. The river terminates approximately 7 km downstream from the city of Renaico, where it joins the Vergara River.

</doc>
<doc id="19766347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766347" title="Against His-Story, Against Leviathan">
Against His-Story, Against Leviathan

Against His-Story, Against Leviathan! is a 1983 book by Fredy Perlman, for which he is best known. It is a personal critical perspective on contemporary civilization and society. The work defined anarcho-primitivism for the first time, and was a major source of inspiration for anti-civilization perspectives in contemporary anarchism, most notably on the thought of philosopher John Zerzan. In 2006 the book was translated into French under the title "Contre le Léviathan, contre sa légende" and into Turkish as "Er-Tarih’e Karşı, Leviathan’a Karşı".

</doc>
<doc id="19766373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766373" title="Alfredo Dinale">
Alfredo Dinale

Alfredo Dinale (11 March 1900 – 3 December 1976, Vicenza) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He won the gold medal in team pursuit at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.
He won the bicycle race Coppa Bernocchi in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19766376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766376" title="Roxy Reynolds">
Roxy Reynolds

Roxy Reynolds (born December 28, 1983) is an American pornographic actress, rapper and glamour model of African American descent.
Adult film career.
Roxy Reynolds was born in Southwest Philadelphia and raised in Columbus, Ohio.
Roxy Reynolds is a contract performer and spokesmodel for Black Ice. She has made numerous appearances at video stores, night clubs and other events. Her 2007 feature "Roxy's World" was shot on location in Atlanta, Georgia. Reynolds did more than star in the movie; she did the casting and location as well. Her official website, RoxyReynoldsxxx.com, launched in July 2006. 
In 2008 Reynolds won Best Female Performer and Crossover Female at the first annual Urban Spice Awards.
In 2010, she was named by "Maxim" as one of the 12 top female stars in porn.

</doc>
<doc id="19766401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766401" title="Francesco Zucchetti">
Francesco Zucchetti

Francesco Zucchetti (14 April 1902 – 8 February 1980) was an Italian racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling.
He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19766413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766413" title="Tetsujin">
Tetsujin


</doc>
<doc id="19766423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766423" title="Ercan Şahin">
Ercan Şahin

Biography.
Şahin (born 1971 in Turkey), his parents came from Sivas, a city in Anatolia which is known for his numerous poets and folk singers. At the age of 13, he found his first enquiries and collections of undiscovered Anatolian folk songs by travelling through different regions of Anatolia to get to know the local musical variety closer.
Ercan Şahin taught in different "national education centres", youth centres, foundations and private music schools "Bağlama", in Bursa, Turkey. In 1987, he founded his first music group and took part in different concerts in Germany and Turkey, accompanied by many singers and musicians with his "Bağlama".
At the end of 1994, Ercan Şahin moved to Cologne and continued his musical career there. He worked as musician in the Arkadas theatre. Since 1995, he taught the Anatolian stringed instrument "Bağlama" and music theory, particularly for people from Turkey, at the art house “Mosaik” and in different municipal music schools in Germany.
In 1999 Ercan Şahin published his first album "Gam Elinden". In the same year, he prepared his pupils for a big musical event. A total of 174 of his Baglama pupils took part in the musical event “Saga of Millenium“ in the event centre of Cologne, KölnArena. More than thousand Bağlama players divided the stage of the KölnArena in this arrangement and were accompanied in their repertoire by the Cologne symphony orchestra, an arrangement which earned an entry in the Guinness book of records. In 2002, the same event took place in Istanbul, Turkey.
In 2006, he met the group Ufermann, and published his second album "Selam" with it.

</doc>
<doc id="19766440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766440" title="Appalachia High School">
Appalachia High School

Appalachia High School, located in Appalachia, Virginia is part of Wise County Public Schools. Appalachia High educates approximately 350 students ranging from 8th through 12th grades. Appalachia High School was awarded a Bronze Medal in U.S. News & World Report's 2009 Best High Schools. Appalachia will be consolidating with neighboring Powell Valley High School, located in Big Stone Gap. The new consolidated school will be located in the former PVHS building and will be called Union, a name derived from the combination of two traditional rivals into one single school.
History.
Appalachia High School opened in the 1916-1917 school year. That year, Dr. J. J. Kelly, Wise County's new Superintendent of Schools, gave out diplomas at the first graduation in the spring of 1917. The original building was constructed in 1911, with an additional structure added in 1915. Both of these early buildings burned down in 1924 and were replaced. Contractors used local Wise County bricks to construct this structure, until the current school was built in 1960. During the summer of 2011, Appalachia High School closed and was consolidated with neighboring Powell Valley High School in Big Stone Gap due to low enrollment and operational costs. This consolidated school was named Union High School.
Location.
The school is publicly noted for its scenic location at the top of a small hill, in overview of the nearby mountains, and about 900 yards from the rest of town, as well as being a short distance from the elementary school. In most parts of the campus the town of Appalachia can clearly be seen, particularly the regions of town near Main Street. The school is split into four buildings surrounding the football field in a crescent shape with the field closest to the nearby mountains. The buildings are all bordered on the outside by parking lots, on the far end (leaving path) is a moderate suburb of the town. In all other directions, forestry covers the large hillside, with the tennis court on a trail a short distance in. The buildings are home to (in the order they appear as you enter the campus.): "The Doghouse", which contains the personal weight and locker rooms for athletes. The second building is a two story building that houses the gymnasium, the cafeteria, the band/music room, and the boiler room, as well as boy's and girl's locker rooms for day to day use, the Health room,the school store, and the athletic trophy display. The third building is the largest building on campus. It contains most of the school's classrooms, taking place inside of its three stories with the guidance office, the main office, the library, a small underground storm shelter, and two computer labs. The last of the four buildings is the auditorium, with enough room to seat all students, and a large theatrical/presentation stage, as well as the in-school-suspension room underground.
Athletics.
Appalachia has won state championships in football in 1971, 1989, 1992, 1994, 1996, and 1997. The school also won the state championship in boys basketball in 1972 and girls basketball in 2000. The girls beat JJ Kelly, from the same district, in their sixth meeting of the season, 49-41.
In 2001, the school took that Virginia Group A championships in both the 400-meter sprint and the 200 hurdles when Roshana Jackson won both events.
The boys varsity basketball team were the 2009 Virginia Region D basketball champions.
The boys varsity basketball team were the 2010 Virginia Region D basketball runner ups, and made it to the final four in richmond at VCU.The Marching Bulldog Band has been led Mrs. Kimberly Sturgill, the director for 13 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19766443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766443" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Kittitas County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kittitas County, Washington

__NOTOC__
List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Kittitas County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19766453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766453" title="Turks in Saudi Arabia">
Turks in Saudi Arabia

Turks in Saudi Arabia () are either Turkish people who live in Saudi Arabia even though having been born outside Saudi Arabia, or are Saudi Arabian-born, but have Turkish roots. By Turkish roots, this could mean roots linking back to Turkey, the island of Cyprus or the communities of the Turkish diaspora.
History.
Starting in the 1970s, economic relations between Turkey and Saudi Arabia grew. In 1977, there was 6,500 Turks in Saudi Arabia, 5,000 of which were officially reported workers. 
Business.
There are some 2,100 Turkish-operated hairdresser shops, 3,200 restaurants, and 1,900 furniture stores in Saudi Arabia.
Religion.
Turkish people living in Saudi Arabia are Sunni Muslims. Turkish laborers returning from Riyadh seem to be less likely to espouse Shariah (Islamic law) than those living in European countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19766454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766454" title="The Hustler of Muscle Beach">
The Hustler of Muscle Beach

The Hustler of Muscle Beach is a 1980 comedy film that originally aired on ABC-TV. The film stars Richard Hatch as a get-rich-quick schemer who stages a bodybuilding competition as Muscle Beach in Venice, California. The film included performances by several professional bodybuilders, including Franco Columbu and Frank Zane, and also co-starred Kay Lenz and Jeanette Nolan.
The film was conceived as a pilot for a television series, but the concept never developed beyond this production. 
"The Hustler of Muscle Beach" was first broadcast on May 16, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19766457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766457" title="Carl-Axel Christiernsson">
Carl-Axel Christiernsson

Carl-Axel Christiernsson (January 7, 1898 – October 27, 1969) was a Swedish track and field athlete who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Stockholm.
In 1920 he finished fifth in the 400 metre hurdles competition and sixth in the 110 metre hurdles event.
Four years later at the 1924 Games he finished fourth in the 110 metre hurdles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19766506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766506" title="Tamee Harrison">
Tamee Harrison

Tamee Harrison (born 23 April 1979) is an Austrian singer
Born in Perth, Western Australia, at age 6 she moved to Vienna in Austria where she continued her schooling and also started to model and act in commercials and small TV roles.
In 1991 the family set up their main base in England where Harrison finished her secondary education, as well as singing and dance training. She signed with Sony Music Austria in 2000, and more recently with Warner Music Austria in 2003.
Her singles include "A Little Bit" (2001) and "You're the Voice" (2002), from her debut album, "From Me to You". 
These were followed by "Everytime we Touch", "It’s a Fine Day", "Going to Paris" and "Beautiful Time". In 2005 Harrison appeared as part of a duet on the song "I Live my Life for You" with Serbian singer-composer Željko Joksimović. She had two Top 20 songs in 2006, "Heartbreaker" and "I’m Ready".
Harrison received Austrian Amadeus Music Award "Best Female Artist" nominations in 2002, 2004 and 2006.
In 2004 Harrison was chosen to be a host on MTV Austria and has also appeared as a host for shows such as “The Austrian Amadeus Music Award Show”, “Dancing with the Stars”, “MTV – SixPack”, “The Vienna Opera Ball”, and “Miami Winter Music Conference”.

</doc>
<doc id="19766524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766524" title="Joakim Åhlund">
Joakim Åhlund

Frans Joakim Åhlund (born August 9, 1970 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish musician, producer and music video director. He is a member of the bands Caesars, Teddybears, Smile and Les Big Byrd.
Joakim Åhlund is older brother to musician and Teddybears member Klas Åhlund, film producer Johannes Åhlund and illustrator Anna Åhlund. He was raised in Bagarmossen in Stockholm. 
Åhlund has directed the music videos of "I'll Be Gone" and "When We Were Winning" by Broder Daniel, "New Noise" by Refused and "Black Mask" by The (International) Noise Conspiracy. He has produced "För sent för Edelweiss" by Håkan Hellström. 

</doc>
<doc id="19766527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766527" title="Paul Wallbank">
Paul Wallbank

Paul Wallbank is an Australian speaker, broadcaster and writer on business and technology issues.
After some years travelling in Australia, Europe and East Asia while working in the construction industry, Paul set up a computer support company on Sydney's North Shore in January 1995. He stepped away from day to day operations of the business in 2007 with its interstate expansion.
In 1998 Paul was invited onto 702 ABC Sydney (2BL) to discuss the Y2K issue and answer listener's questions. The success of this segment lead to two monthly segments on ABC Local Radio programs, "Nightlife" with Tony Delroy and the Sydney 702 Weekend program with Simon Marnie.
In addition to this, Wallbank has a weekly column on the Australian Smart Company website discussing business and technology issues. He has also written one small business technology book and adapted five Dummies guides for the Australian market.

</doc>
<doc id="19766550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766550" title="Bradley Gray">
Bradley Gray

Bradley Gray (born 5 July 1990) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Hungerford Town.
Playing career.
Leyton Orient.
During his first season with Leyton Orient in 2007–08, Gray scored eight goals for the reserve and youth teams, and one for the first team in a 4–1 friendly victory against Spanish club CF San Rafael of Ibiza. He made his first-team debut in Leyton Orient's 4–2 Football League Trophy win against Southend United on 2 September 2008.
Loan spells.
In October 2008, Gray moved to Grays Athletic on a work experience basis, while still playing for Leyton Orient reserves. During the 2007–08 season, he had played for St Albans City on a similar basis. He made his debut for Grays as a substitute on 1 November 2008. On 18 November, he returned to St Albans, again on work experience.
He gained further experience joining Isthmian Premier League side AFC Hornchurch. However, after four matches, he moved again, this time to Dulwich Hamlet, of the Isthmian Division One South, making his debut on 14 February against Godalming Town. Gray still appeared for Orient reserves while playing for other clubs, but was released at the end of the season.
Salisbury City.
On 29 July 2009, he moved to Salisbury City on a free transfer. He impressed early season and managed a run in the first team before twisting his ankle, ruling him out for six weeks. He came back to find himself used in squad rotation, helping the club out on the wing and up front.
At the end of the season, he signed a contract extension with the club despite their double demotion. However, a similar injury to that at the start of the previous season left him out of the beginning of the new season. He was released by mutual consent in October 2010.
Forest Green Rovers.
On 7 December 2010, Gray signed for Conference National side Forest Green Rovers on a non-contract deal. On his debut, he made two assists in a 4–2 win at Bath City. In January he was offered a contract until the end of the season. Gray left the club at the end of the season after not being offered a new deal.
Swindon Supermarine.
In August 2011, Gray joined Southern Premier Division outfit Swindon Supermarine. He picked up a ligament injury just a few weeks in to his time at the club and was ruled out for three months. After recovering from injury, Gray scored his first goal for the club in a 7–1 league defeat to Oxford City on 8 October 2011.
Hungerford Town.
Gray signed for Hungerford Town in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19766645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766645" title="2008–09 Irish Cup">
2008–09 Irish Cup

The 2008–09 Irish Cup was the 129th edition of Northern Ireland's premier football knock-out cup competition. The competition began on 25 October 2008 with the first round and ended on 9 May 2009 with the final.
Linfield were the defending champions, winning their third consecutive Irish Cup the previous season after a 2–1 win over Coleraine in the 2008 final. This season they reached the semi-finals, but were defeated by Cliftonville. Crusaders went on to lift the trophy, beating Cliftonville 1–0 in the final. In doing so, they earned a place in the second qualifying round of the 2009–10 UEFA Europa League.
First round.
The matches were played on 25 October and 1 November 2008.
Second round.
The games were played on 22 November 2008.
Third round.
In this round entered winners from the Second Round as well as all 17 teams from IFA Championship. The games were played on 13 December 2008.
Fourth round.
In this round entered winners from the Third Round as well as all 12 teams from IFA Premiership. The games were played on 17 January 2009.
Fifth round.
In this round entered the sixteen winners from the Fourth Round. The matches were played on 14 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19766658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766658" title="Black Creek Park">
Black Creek Park

Black Creek Park is a park in Monroe County, New York, about ten miles (16 km) south of the city of Rochester. It is a relatively undeveloped park operated by Monroe County, including soccer and baseball fields, as well as a number of trails for hiking, horseback riding, cross-country skiing, and snowshoeing; picnic areas, a sledding hill, and two enclosed lodges.
The main entrance is at 3835 Union Street (Route 259), south of Chili Avenue (Route 33A), in North Chili.
The Black Creek runs across the north edge of the park, and wetlands associated with the Mill Creek cross the park near the south side. The Chili Historical Society is located at the southeast edge of the park (entrance on Union Street).

</doc>
<doc id="19766664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766664" title="Television in Poland">
Television in Poland

Television in Poland was introduced in 1937. It was state owned, and was interrupted by the Second World War in 1939. Television returned to Poland in 1952 and for several decades was controlled by the communist government. Colour television was introduced in Poland in 1971. Private television stations in Poland appeared around the time of the fall of communism, with PTV Echo (once a member of the local channels of Polonia 1) becoming the first private station in Poland (and in the former Eastern Bloc).
Terrestrial.
Terrestrial television in Poland is broadcast using a digital DVB-T system. First test DVB-T emission was carried in Warsaw at 9 November 2001. In April 2004, first DVB-T transmitter near Rzeszów started operation, and local TVP division started to market set-top boxes allowing to receive it. 
As of December 2011, there are about 50 DVB-T transmitters operating in Poland, broadcasting three multiplexes, all using MPEG-4 AVC compression. There are also plans to broadcast HD channels over DVB-T.
Analog terrestrial transmissions were terminated in 2013.
First efforts to introduce DVB-T in Poland was made in 1997 in Gdańsk on initiative of TVP (Polish public television broadcaster).
Allocation.
At 2006 conference in Geneva known as "GE06" Poland received eight DVB-T multiplexes—seven at UHF frequencies 470÷862 MHz (channels 21÷69) and one at VHF frequency 174÷230 MHz (channels 6÷12). Since some of these frequencies are currently used for analog PAL terrestrial television broadcasting, it is possible to run only two nationwide multiplexes (MUX1, MUX2) and one (MUX3) which covers part of country (58% of population). Introduction of all multiplexes will be possible after switching off analog broadcasting.
A Government document entitled “"Country digitalization schedule"”, dated January 2009, set out plan for the digital broadcast switch-on to be made in three steps and analog broadcast switch-off in six steps.
First regular digital broadcast started on 30 September 2010. Analog broadcast switch-off started on 7 November 2012 and the transition to digital broadcasting finished on 23 July 2013.
The period of time between digital broadcast switch-on and analog broadcast switch-off will allow people time to buy new integrated Digital TVs or set-top boxes.
Current status.
As of July 2013:
Analog shutdown.
The shutdown of analog broadcast took place in 7 steps between 7 November 2012 and 23 July 2013.
Most operators of analog cable TV are planning to continue providing analog service in their networks for an unspecified period of time.
Additional government actions.
Information campaigns about analog broadcast switch-off in mass media.
Requiring electronic equipment sellers to inform buyers that MPEG-2 TVs and STBs are not compatible with national standard which is MPEG-4 AVC.
Financial help for poor families and seniors to buy TV or STB – ca. 250 PLN per household, totalling 475 million PLN.
Technical information.
Polish digital terrestrial television broadcast uses 25 Hz H.264/AVC HDTV video, MPEG-2 Layer 2 and E-AC-3 audio, for a Baseline IRD able to decode up to 1920 × 1080 interlaced 25 Hz video pictures or 1280 × 720 progressive 50 Hz video pictures.
During tests also MPEG-2 encoding for video was used.
Assignment of channels in multiplexes.
Plan from January 2009 included three nationwide multiplexes with seven SDTV channels in each:
In January 2010 new plan on introducing DVB-T was presented. Assignment of multiplexes was changed:
In June 2010 another change in assignment of multiplexes was made:
Satellite.
In 1998, two DVB-S providers, Cyfra+ and "Wizja TV" (later these two merged into one platform, the "New Cyfra+"), started operation. 1999 saw the introduction of another platform, "Polsat 2 Cyfrowy" (later renamed to "Polsat Cyfrowy" and finally Cyfrowy Polsat), owned by Polsat, the big Polish commercial TV network. These platforms become very popular, and today, there are no Polish channels available on analogue satellite (the last one, TVN, was switched off in 2008). However, most of the satellite broadcasts in Poland are in SDTV resolution.
On 24 June 2006, ITI, the largest media company in Poland, announced that it will launch a bouquet of 3 HDTV channels by satellite in the Fall of 2006. It has also been rumoured that TVP, Poland's public TV, will also begin broadcasting its main channels in HDTV to ITI's viewers.
On 12 October 2006, ITI launched the n platform with few HD channels available, as well as - also new in Poland - video on demand functionality. Later, in December 2006, Cyfra+ also started HD broadcasts. Cyfrowy Polsat started HD broadcasts in second half of 2007.
Other technologies.
Some of the biggest cable operators started to provide DVB-C channels in few cities. However, most of the cable networks currently operating in Poland are purely analogue.
The largest telephone operator, Telekomunikacja Polska, introduced a new option to its Neostrada offer, the "Videostrada". It allows to receive digital TV, available are most of Cyfra+ channels (the platform is known as "Cyfra+DSL"), as well as video on demand. It is currently available only in few biggest cities in Poland.
Several TV channels, as well as video on demand, are available in Polish mobile telephony networks. There are no currently operating dedicated mobile TV transmitters.
List of channels.
This is a list of television channels that broadcast in Poland.
Viewing shares.
TOP 20 of Polish TV channels from 2009 by Nielsen Media Research (in gray - channels, which were in a given year out of the TOP 20):

</doc>
<doc id="19766666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766666" title="Ipso (candy)">
Ipso (candy)

Ipso was a drop-style candy manufactured by Nicholas International Ltd. and sold in Great Britain during the 1970s through 1980s. Ipso candies were similar to Tic Tac and were produced in four flavours, strawberry, lime, orange, and mint. The packaging was designed to resemble interlocking toy plastic building bricks like Lego, allowing the boxes to be stacked or connected. The boxes came in four colours reflecting the flavour of the candy inside: red for strawberry, green for lime, orange for orange, and blue for mint.
The advertising campaign, "Ipso Calypso", featured a man eating the sweets and daydreaming about West Indian and Jamaican dancers on a train platform. A woman interrupted the man's daydream to warn him that he would miss his train. The tagline for the sweets was "A little refreshment will take you a long way".

</doc>
<doc id="19766680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766680" title="George Chesterton">
George Chesterton

George Herbert Chesterton MBE (15 July 1922 – 3 November 2012) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket between 1949 and 1966. The bulk of his appearances were for Worcestershire, whom he represented between 1950 and 1957. He was capped by the county in 1950. Very much a specialist bowler, he never reached 50 in over 100 first-class innings.
Chesterton was educated at Malvern College and Brasenose College, Oxford. He made his first-class debut in 1948, representing Free Foresters in a drawn match against Oxford University at The University Parks. He made 29 not out in his only innings, and took two wickets, including that of future South Africa Test player Clive van Ryneveld.
Although that was his only first-class appearance of the season, he did also represent Cornwall twice against the Surrey Second XI in August, something he would do twice more in August 1949.
That 1949 season saw Chesterton play frequently for the Oxford side, and his final aggregate of 46 wickets was the highest he managed in any summer, as was his total of four five-wicket innings hauls.
His best innings return that season was the 6–11 he claimed against Free Foresters in late May; this game also saw him make his highest score of 43.
In early July he played against Cambridge University in the Varsity Match at Lord's, though he took only one wicket as Oxford went down to a seven-wicket defeat.
Chesterton's 1950 season began with a match "against" Oxford at Lord's, and he also represented MCC against Ireland in Dublin at the end of the season, but the year was most notable for his first summer of county cricket with Worcestershire. He took 38 first-class wickets in all (32 in England and six in Ireland),
twice taking six wickets in an innings: 6–61 versus Lancashire in early August
and 6–59 against Somerset later that same month.
In 1951 Chesterton played only once, but between 1952 and 1957 he made about half a dozen appearances a year for Worcestershire, generally picking up 20 or 30 wickets each season, as well as continuing to take the trip to Ireland with MCC in 1952, 1954 and 1956. It was on the 1956 tour that he recorded his career-best innings return, taking 7–14. He followed that up with 3–38 in the second innings to record his only ten-wicket match haul.
Chesterton ended his county cricket career after 1957, but he did have one final game for Free Foresters against Oxford in 1961,
and continued to accompany MCC to Ireland well into the 1960s. His final first-class game came in that fixture in September 1966, but his farewell to cricket was not a success despite MCC's victory: Chesterton made 0 in both innings and did not take a wicket in 20 overs of bowling.
Chesterton wrote a book on coaching for young people with Alan Duff, entitled "Your Book of Cricket".
He also co-wrote "Oxford and Cambridge Cricketers" with Cambridge blue and England Test player Hubert Doggart. In 1991, he founded The Chesterton Cup, an annual cricket competition between schools in the English Midlands. Schools which regularly participate include RGS Worcester (record five times winner), Cheltenham College, Malvern College and Monmouth School. In 2011, he was appointed president of the Cricketer Cup.
Outside cricket, Chesterton worked at Malvern College, the school he had attended as a boy, until 1982, becoming deputy head. In 1990 was published "Malvern College: 125 Years", a book which he wrote. In 2006, the Malvernian Society held a dinner in his honour at the college to celebrate his 70-year association with Malvern. He wrote a book, called "Also Flew", about his war-time service in the RAF during the Second World War; and Andrew Murtagh has written a biography about him called "A Remarkable Man". He died aged 90 on 3 November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19766686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766686" title="Turks in Switzerland">
Turks in Switzerland

Turks in Switzerland () are Swiss citizens of Turkish origin. Over the last two decades, there has been a significant increase in the diversity of culture, language and customs in the Swiss population. Significant levels of Muslim emigration to Switzerland began in the late 1960s with the arrival of labour migrants from Turkey.
Demographics.
Accounting some 5% of the foreign population, the Turkish community in Switzerland, of which around 80% of them live in the German-speaking cantons, are concentreated particularly in the cities of Zurich, Basel and Aarau.
According to the Swiss Statistics, as of 2007 there were 73,000 Turkish nationals living in Switzerland, including Kurds. However, this does not include those who have been naturalised or the Swiss born Turks. 
Culture.
Religion.
The majority of the Turkish community in Switzerland adhere to Islam. However, their religious organisations differ from those of other Muslim communities in the country. The Turks are divided by ideological and political divisions of their home country. When in the 1970s the Islamic movement Millî Görüş was established in Germany for the German Turkish community, some of the Turks in Switzerland joined this organisation. But the activities of the Diyanet İşleri Türk İslam Birliği, the Turkish directorate of religious affairs that sends Imams to the Turkish diaspora, attracted other Turks to adhere to this state-controlled form of Islam. Turkish groups such as the Sufi Suleymancilar and the Nurcu confraternity also play a role in the Turkish Muslim community in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19766716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766716" title="Sir Charles Kemeys, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Charles Kemeys, 2nd Baronet

Sir Charles Kemeys, 2nd Baronet (c.1614–1658) was the second of the Kemeys Baronets, a Welsh family of landowners in the county of Monmouthshire, Wales.
His father, Sir Nicholas Kemeys, 1st Baronet was MP for Monmouth in 1628, High Sheriff of Monmouthshire in 1621 and High Sheriff of Glamorgan in 1638, before being created the first baronet in 1642 by Charles I. Sir Nicholas died on 25 May 1648, during the English Civil War, defending Chepstow Castle against the Parliamentarian forces.
Sir Charles, who had been educated at Jesus College, Oxford and at Gray's Inn, was knighted in 1643 and succeeded his father to the baronetcy. He was appointed High Sheriff of Glamorgan in 1644. He also took part in the English Civil War on the king's side, attacking Cardiff in 1646 and defending Pembroke Castle afterwards. When the castle surrendered, he was fined £3,500 (equivalent to £269,753 in 2007 [http://www.measuringworth.com/index.html]) and exiled for two years.
Sir Charles died in 1658. He was succeeded by his son, Sir Charles Kemeys, 3rd Baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="19766723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766723" title="Floyd Lloyd">
Floyd Lloyd

Floyd Lloyd (born Floyd Lloyd Seivright in St. Ann, Jamaica on June 3, 1949) is a Jamaican reggae musician and singer who was best known for his 1982 hit "Jah Jah Why?".

</doc>
<doc id="19766744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766744" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Walla Walla County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Walla Walla County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Walla Walla County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19766746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766746" title="Diceratherium">
Diceratherium

Diceratherium is an extinct genus of rhinoceros endemic to North America, Europe, and Asia during the Oligocene through Miocene living from 33.9—11.6 mya, existing for approximately . Mass estimates for the type species, "D. armatum" average around 
Taxonomy.
"Diceratherium" was named by Marsh (1875). It is not extant. Its type is "Diceratherium armatum". It was assigned to Rhinocerotidae by Marsh (1875) and Carroll (1988); to Diceratheriinae by Prothero (1998); to Aceratheriinae by Weidmann and Ginsburg (1999); and to Teleoceratini by Sach and Heizmann (2001). 
"Diceratherium" had a two horns side-by-side on it nose. It lived during the Miocene Epoch.

</doc>
<doc id="19766821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766821" title="Wendy Pini's Masque of the Red Death">
Wendy Pini's Masque of the Red Death

Wendy Pini's Masque of the Red Death is a webcomic by the comic creator Wendy Pini.
Based on the original short story by Edgar Allan Poe, Wendy Pini's Masque of the Red Death is described as follows on the back of the print edition of Volume One: "In a decadent, perfect future, Anton Prosper uses his vast fortune and scientific genius to seek the ultimate power of life over death. But when the beautiful prodigy Steffan Kabala enters Prosper's life, he unlocks a tempestuous passion that may send the entire planet hurtling into a bloody maelstrom of destruction."
Episodes of the weekly webcomic began in 2007. Each episode was created first in traditional comic book page format. Wendy Pini produced pages of full-color digital art then broke them down into individual panels. Using simple "tweens" she animated the panels in sequence, often creating additional art to enhance the illusion of movement. Each roughly three-minute-long Flash movie is viewed using a Flash-based web browser viewer. The final episode in the adaptation was posted to the web in mid-2010.
Characters.
Other recurring characters include Bittie and Ix, two virtual reality gossip journalists; and Royess, Anton Prosper's companion black panther.
The Author.
Wendy Pini co-created "ElfQuest" with Richard Pini. She is currently working on adapting her version of "Masque" into both stage and film formats.

</doc>
<doc id="19766842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766842" title="Ashley Hill railway station">
Ashley Hill railway station

Ashley Hill railway station was a railway station serving the area of Ashley Down in the north of Bristol, England. It was located on what is now known as the Filton line. It was served by stopping trains to Severn Beach (via Pilning), Avonmouth (via Chittening) and Swindon (via Badminton).
History.
The station was opened in 1864 by the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway, which was absorbed by the Great Western Railway in 1868. The station passed to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was closed by the British Railways Board in 1964.
The site today.
Trains running between Bristol Temple Meads and Bristol Parkway pass the site.
Remains of one of the platforms are clearly visible.
In 2001 the station was selected to be reopened as "Ashley Down" and used as a stop for the proposed Bristol Supertram project. This was planned to operate as a 30 minute service between Broadmead Shopping Centre and North Bristol, but the project was cancelled in 2004. 
Future.
The line through Ashley Hill is due to be electrified by 2017 as part of the Great Western Main Line electrification project. The electrification scheme also includes the four-tracking of Filton Bank, which will allow more services between Parkway and Bristol Temple Meads, and separate fast inter-city services from local stopping services.
It was suggested that Ashley Hill station be reopened as part of the Greater Bristol Metro scheme. The reopening was supported by Bristol City Council, Network Rail, local MPs and local rail groups, and would have provided rail access to local colleges and to the County Ground, home of Gloucestershire County Cricket Club. However, it was ruled out by Network Rail due to modern regulations regarding the track gradient in stations, and also due to the high cost of removing an embankment.

</doc>
<doc id="19766878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766878" title="Dog Gone (film)">
Dog Gone (film)

Diamond Dog Caper (International title), known as Dog Gone in the United States, is a 2008 American comedy film directed by Mark Stouffer and starring Luke Benward, French Stewart, Brittany Curran, and Kevin Farley.
Plot.
When Owen (Luke Benward) and his distracted older sister, Lilly (Brittany Curran), are alone and their parents are away, Owen delivers the paper, dodges a school bully, and spends afternoons in a forest hideaway spinning tall tales and making inventions. He encounters three thugs named Blackie (French Stewart), Bud (Kevin Farley) and Arty (Kelly Perine) who have a mistreated dog and Owen's life changes.
Unbeknownst to Owen, the thugs have previously committed a diamond heist and hid the stolen diamonds on the dog's collar. With Owen's help, the dog escapes from the thugs and Owen bonds with the golden retriever whom he names Diamond. When he reads a newspaper account about the thugs' diamond heist, he soon realizes about how they are the chief suspects and how they hid the diaminds on Diamond.
He takes her to the police, but the police believe that the story is not true. So Owen decides to look after Diamond. He hides her at his forest hideaway and visits her often to feed her and comfort her. Meanwhile, the thugs are searching for Owen and Diamond.
Owen rigs his hideaway in the forest with booby traps for the thugs. As he heads back to his house, he is caught by the thugs, but Owen manages to escape from their grasp. He runs into the woods with Diamond and the thugs give chase. They trace Owen to his hideway and search the whole area from him, but end up setting off Owen's booby traps one by one. At one point, Blackie finally catches Owen.
The thugs tie Owen to a chair at the hideaway, while the thugs inspect Diamond for the diamonds. Blackie notices a band-aid on Diamond's stomach that Owen previously put on her and suspects Owen did something to Diamond. When Blackie orders Owen to show him where he hid the diamonds, he leads them to a canoe trailer and claims he hid them in it. Bud and Arty jump into to find the and become glued to their seats of the canoe, as part of Owen's booby traps. But the two find the collar in the canoe and toss him to Blackie, but he becomes annoyed. He tellls Owen he actually hid the stolen diamonds in Diamond's stomach, not on his collar. And Blackie ends up being thrown into the canoe with Bud and Arty by the "Mad Man of the Mountian" and they roll down the hill in the trailer into town, where they eventually stop. But they soon find themseles next to some policeman, who see the thugs whom they recognize them from the diamond heist and arrest them.
Meanwhile, Owen and his parents are the vet to comfort Diamond, who just had the stolen diamonds removed from her. Owen and Diamonds become best friends.
Release.
"Dog Gone" was never released theatrically, but was released on DVD by Screen Media Films and Universal Studios on October 7, 2008.
Filming.
Dog Gone is the only movie filmed in Cheney, WA, a small town located 23 miles southeast of Spokane, WA.
Filming took place between June and September 2007 in Cheney and rural areas around Spokane.

</doc>
<doc id="19766884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766884" title="Turks in Norway">
Turks in Norway

Turks in Norway (or Norwegian Turks) are people of Turkish ethnicity living in Norway. There is currently over 15,000 Turks living in Norway.
History.
Throughout the 1970s there was a wave of labour motivated inward migration. A large proportion of the immigrants came from Turkey. Many of these immigrants have since remained in Norway. In 1976 the borders were closed for further inward migration of this kind. During this period there was an increasing awareness and focusing on "foreign workers" in the political debate. A large proportion, more than 20% of the immigrants in Drammen are from Turkey. The major share of these came during the early labour motivated migration phase.
Demographics.
, there are 15,436 Turks living in Norway. Of these, 10,039 are immigrants and 5,397 are Norwegian-born to Turkish immigrant parents. The Turkish population is one of the highest neutralised citizens (76.7%); 11,840 obtain Norwegian citizenship whilst 3,596 obtain foreign citizenship.
Demographic history.
According to Statistics Norway, , the total population of the Norway is 4,858,199. The Turkish population is 15,998, thus 0.32% of the total population. 
Turkish settlement.
Immigrants from Turkey have a higher share than the average living in Oslo; however the highest proportion of Turkish immigrants in Norway live in Drammen, a city within commuting distance of Oslo.
Religion.
, there are 15,003 Turks in Norway who are Muslims. The Turkish community in Drammen bought the Adventist Church in Bragernes, Drammen in 2008 which will be turned into a mosque. The church was sold for 7.2 million kroner. The Turkish congregations is one of the biggest Muslim communities in Drammen, with about 1,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="19766909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766909" title="Design and Industries Association">
Design and Industries Association

The Design and Industries Association is a United Kingdom charity whose object is to "engage with all those who share a common interest in the contribution that design can make to the delivery of goods and services that are sustainable and enhance the quality of life for communities and the individual.""
20th century.
Shortly before the Great War there was a growing awareness, among British designers, of the extent to which German industrial design had taken the ideals of the Arts and Crafts movement (that had originated with William Morris and others in Britain in the late 19th century) and had successfully moved these into the age of mass, mechanised, production. The German Deutscher Werkbund organisation's Cologne exhibition, held before the outbreak of war in 1914, had been visited by many of those designers, architects, retailers and industrialists who were later to found the Design and Industries Association.
In March 1915 an exhibition of German manufactures was held at Goldsmiths' Hall in London. Shortly afterwards a meeting under the chairmanship of Lord Aberconway led to the foundation of the Design and Industries Association (DIA), with the express intention of raising the standard of British industrial design, under the slogan of "Fitness for Purpose".
DIA promoted its ideals through lectures, journals and exhibitions. Exhibitions included:
The journals published varied through the period and included:
In its early years there was considerable tension between the attachment of some members to the principals of the Arts and Crafts movement and the desire to promote the clearly 20th century outlook of the Modern Movement.
Having been heavily involved with the British government's Utility Scheme in the Second World War, DIA had campaigned for the greater involvement of government in the promotion of good design. Ironically, DIA itself was to be somewhat eclipsed by the foundation of the government funded Council for Industrial Design, now the Design Council, in 1944.
DIA Today.
Despite the predominance of the Design Council in the latter half of the 20th century, DIA continues its work today as an independent body, organising competitions, events and offering bursaries.
Membership.
DIA office bearers and members have included some of the most notable 20th century British designers and manufacturers:
References.
"Design and Industries Association." A Dictionary of Modern Design. Oxford University Press, 2004, 2005. Answers.com 13 Oct. 2008. http://www.answers.com/topic/design-and-industries-association
"Nothing Need Be Ugly", The first 70 years of the Design & Industries Association. Plumber, Raymond. DIA London 1985

</doc>
<doc id="19766923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766923" title="Stylianos Harkianakis">
Stylianos Harkianakis

Stylianos Harkianakis (Greek: Στυλιανός Χαρκιανάκης) is the Greek Orthodox Archbishop of Australia, and Primate of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia. He serves as inaugural and permanent Chairman of the Standing Conference of Canonical Orthodox Churches in Australia and Dean of Saint Andrew's Greek Orthodox Theological College. He is a world-renowned theologian, specialising in ecclesiology. He is also an awarded poet.
Overview.
Harkianakis was born in Rethymno, on the island of Crete, Greece on 29 December 1935. He studied theology at the Theological School of Halki, on the island of Halki and graduated in 1958. He was ordained a deacon in 1957 and a priest in 1958. He completed postgraduate studies in systematic theology and the philosophy of religion in Bonn, West Germany, from 1958 to 1966. His lecturers included Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, who later became Pope Benedict XVI. He wrote his thesis on the concept that the Orthodox Church possessed infallibility when it acted together in conciliarity (e.g. the Ecumenical Councils). At that time, the idea of infallibility was thought to be an exclusively Roman Catholic idea, entirely alien to the Orthodox Church. 
In 1965, whilst still completing his postgraduate studies, Harkianakis was declared Professor of Theology at the University of Athens. In 1966, he was appointed abbot of the Holy Patriarchal Monastery of Vlatodon, in Thessaloniki. He was a founding member, then became vice-president and later president, of the Patriarchal Institute of Patristic Studies within the monastery. From 1969 to 1975, he lectured in systematic theology at the University of Thessaloniki. 
In 1970, Harkianakis was elected the Titular Metropolitan of Militoupolis (whilst remaining in the Holy Monastery of Vlatadon) as exarch in matters concerning Northern Greece and Mt. Athos.
Archbishop of Australia.
In 1975, Harkianakis was elected Archbishop of Australia and Exarch of Oceania. In this role, he engaged in many dialogues between Orthodoxy and other Christian groups, most prominently as co-chairman of the theological dialogue with the Roman Catholic Church, but also as co-chairman of the dialogue with the Anglican churches. 
Harkianakis has taught Orthodox theology and spirituality at Sydney University since 1975. In 1986 he became irgw naugural dean of St Andrew's Theological College where he also serves as Lecturer in Systematic Theology.
Awards.
In 1973, Harkianakis was awarded the International Award Gottfried von Herder. A noted poet with an extensive bibliography, he was given the Award for Poetry from the Academy of Athens in 1980. In 1985 he received an honorary doctorate from Lublin University, Poland. One of his poems, "After Ephialtes", was set to music by Costas Tsicaderis.

</doc>
<doc id="19766925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766925" title="Vincent Elbaz">
Vincent Elbaz

Vincent Elbaz (born 3 February 1971) is a French actor. He has appeared in many French television shows and movies.
His first major role was in the 1994 movie Le péril jeune. Elbaz received the 1998 Jean Gabin Prize.
Elbaz was born in Paris, France, to a Jewish family from Morocco.
Theatre.
Nomination Molières 2003 : Meilleur comédien et Révélation théâtrale masculine

</doc>
<doc id="19766944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766944" title="Pseudotrichia (gastropod)">
Pseudotrichia (gastropod)

Pseudotrichia is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.
Snails of this genus are native to Europe.
Species in this genus of snail create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Pseudotrichia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19766962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766962" title="McGill Street">
McGill Street

McGill Street may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19766974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766974" title="Ramzi Attaie">
Ramzi Attaie

Abbas Ramzi Attaie was an Iranian Rear admiral and Commander of Imperial Iranian Navy from 1972-1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19766979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19766979" title="Economy of New Mexico">
Economy of New Mexico

Oil and gas production, tourism, and federal government spending are important drivers of New Mexico's economy. State government has an elaborate system of tax credits and technical assistance to promote job growth and business investment, especially in new technologies.
In 2010 New Mexico's Gross Domestic Product was $79.7 billion.
In 2007 the per capita personal income was $31,474 (rank 43rd in the nation).
In 2005 the percentage of persons below the poverty level was 18.4%.
The New Mexico Tourism Department estimates that in Fiscal Year 2006 the travel industry in New Mexico generated expenditures of $6.5 billion.
Major industries/products.
Agricultural and mining.
Cattle and dairy products top the list of major animal products of New Mexico. Cattle, sheep, and other livestock graze most of the arable land of the state throughout the year.
Limited, scientifically controlled dryland farming prospers alongside cattle ranching. Major crops include hay, nursery stock, pecans, and chile peppers. Hay and sorghum top the list of major dryland crops. Farmers also produce onions, potatoes, and dairy products. New Mexico specialty crops include piñon nuts, pinto beans, and chiles.
The Carlsbad and Fort Sumner reclamation projects on the Pecos River and the nearby Tucumcari project provide adequate water for limited irrigation in those areas of the desert and semiarid portions of the state where scant rainfall evaporates rapidly, generally leaving insufficient water supplies for large-scale irrigation. Located upstream of Las Cruces, the Elephant Butte Reservoir provides a major irrigation source for the extensive farming along the Rio Grande. Other irrigation projects use the Colorado River basin and the San Juan River.
Lumber mills in Albuquerque process pinewood, the chief commercial wood of the rich timber economy of northern New Mexico.
Mineral extraction: New Mexicans derive much of their income from mineral extraction. Even before European exploration, Native Americans mined turquoise for making jewelry. After the Spanish introduced refined silver alloys they were incorporated into the Indian jewelry designs. New Mexico produces uranium ore (see Uranium mining in New Mexico), manganese ore, potash, salt, perlite, copper ore, beryllium, and tin concentrates.
Energy.
New Mexico is rich in fossil fuel and alternative energy resources. Major petroleum and natural gas deposits are located in the Permian Basin in southeast New Mexico and in the San Juan Basin in the northwest. The San Juan Basin Gas Area is the largest field of proved natural gas reserves in the United States. According to the Energy Information Administration, State crude oil output is typically just over 3 percent of the annual U.S. total, and natural gas output is nearly 10 percent of the U.S. total. New Mexico also contains major coal deposits in the northwest corner of the State. Nine tenths of electricity production in the State is from coal-fired plants. Much of New Mexico's geologically-active Rocky Mountain region holds geothermal power potential, and pockets of the State are suitable for wind power development. New Mexico's southern deserts offer the State's most concentrated solar power potential.
The Waste Isolation Pilot Plant (WIPP) is located in the Delaware Basin, and is used to store nuclear waste.
Source:
Manufacturing.
Industrial output, centered around Albuquerque, includes electric equipment; petroleum and coal products; food processing; printing and publishing; and stone, glass, and clay products. Defense-related industries include ordnance. Important high-technology industries include lasers, data processing, solar energy and semiconductors.
Government and Military.
Federal government spending is a major driver of the New Mexico economy. In 2005 the federal government spent $2.03 on New Mexico for every dollar of tax revenue collected from the state. This rate of return is higher than any other state in the Union. The federal government is also a major employer in New Mexico providing more than a quarter of the state's jobs.
Many of the federal jobs relate to the military; the state hosts three air force bases (Kirtland Air Force Base, Holloman Air Force Base, and Cannon Air Force Base); a testing range (White Sands Missile Range); and an army proving ground and maneuver range (Fort Bliss – McGregor Range).
In addition to the National Guard, New Mexico has a New Mexico State Defense Force. Other minor locations include the New Mexico Army National Guard Headquarters in Santa Fe county and the National Guard Armory in far northern Rio Rancho in Sandoval county.
Other federal installations include national observatories and the technology labs of Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) and Sandia National Laboratories (SNL). SNL conducts electronic and industrial research on Kirtland AFB, on the southeast side of Albuquerque. These installations also include the missile and spacecraft proving grounds at White Sands. Other federal agencies such as the National Park Service, the United States Forest Service, and the United States Bureau of Land Management are a big part of the state's rural employment base.
Tourism and Retirement.
Virgin Galactic, the first space tourism company to develop commercial flights into space, has decided to put its world headquarters and mission control at Spaceport America in Upham, New Mexico (25 miles (40 km) south of Truth or Consequences); Virgin Galactic had its inaugural launch of the VSS Enterprise spaceship in 2008, and has begun launching ordinary citizens since early 2009.
The New Mexico Tourism Department estimates that in Fiscal Year 2006 the travel industry in New Mexico generated expenditures of $6.5 billion.
The private service economy in urban New Mexico, especially in Albuquerque, has boomed in recent decades. Since the end of World War II, the city has gained an ever-growing number of retirees, especially among armed forces veterans and government workers. It is also increasingly gaining notice as a health-conscious community, and contains many hospitals and a high per capita number of massage and alternative therapists. The warm, semiarid climate has contributed to the exploding population of Albuquerque, attracting new industries to New Mexico. By contrast, many heavily Indigenous American and Hispanic rural communities remain economically underdeveloped.
Film and television.
Feature films have used New Mexico as a location since "The Indian School" in 1898. Financial incentives and construction of facilities (such as The Albuquerque Studios) have created opportunities for locally-based crew members with production reaching an all-time high in 2007. As of the end of August 2007, 30 major projects have been filmed in the state, more than in any other calendar year in history. The New Mexico Film Office assists the industry in coming to and filming in the state.
In 2011 the state placed a cap of $50 million on tax credits for the film industry. The cost of funding the incentive soared from just $3.4 million in 2004 to $76.7 million in 2009.
Facilities.
Garson Studios is an established film production facility is on the campus of Santa Fe University of Art and Design that has helped turned out many feature length films with its soundstage and high tech equipment.
Film and television post-production is also growing with companies such as Sony Imageworks establishing a permanent home in the state.
Taxes.
Beginning in 2008, personal income tax rates for New Mexico range from 1.7% to 4.9%, within four income brackets.
Beginning in 2007, active-duty military salaries are exempt from the state income tax.
New Mexico imposes a Gross Receipts Tax on businesses. This resembles a sales tax but unlike the sales taxes in many states it applies to services as well as tangible goods. Normally the business passes the tax on to the purchaser. There is a tax imposed by the state and there may also be local taxes imposed by counties and cities.
As of July 1, 2008 the combined tax rate ranged from 5.125% to 8.4375%.
Property tax is imposed on real property by the state, by counties, and by school districts. In general personal property is not taxed. The taxable value of property is 1/3 of the assessed value. A tax rate of about 30 mills is applied to the taxable value, resulting in an effective tax rate of about 1%. In the 2005 tax year the average millage was about 26.47 for residential property and 29.80 for non-residential property. Assessed values of residences cannot be increased by more than 3% per year unless the residence is remodeled or sold.
Economic incentives.
New Mexico provides a number of economic incentives to businesses operating in the state, including various types of tax credits and tax exemptions. Most of the incentives are based on job creation.
New Mexico law allows governments to provide land, buildings, and infrastructure to businesses to promote job creation. Several municipalities have imposed an Economic Development Gross Receipts Tax (a form of Municipal Infrastructure GRT) that is used to pay for these infrastructure improvements and for marketing their areas.
The state provides financial incentives for film production. The New Mexico Film Office estimated at the end of 2007 that the incentive program had brought more than 85 film projects to the state since 2003 and had added $1.2 billion to the economy.

</doc>
<doc id="19767013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767013" title=".577/500 Magnum Nitro Express">
.577/500 Magnum Nitro Express

The .577/.500 Magnum Nitro Express is a British centerfire fire rifle cartridge.
Designed as a black powder round in the mid-1880s, it was based on the .577 Nitro Express, necked down to .500" (12.7mm), and was later offered in a smokeless version. While it resembles the .500 No. 2 Express, they are not the same. 
In power, the .577/.500 is comparable to the contemporary .50-110 Winchester, or the modern .30-'06. It is sufficient for elk, deer, moose, or bear at medium range or in woods and thin-skinned dangerous game, including tiger and lions, but not thick skinned ones such as the rhinoceros. It was favored more in India than Africa by contemporary shooters, and tended to be offered in heavy rifles.
Moderately popular in its day, the round has long since ceased to be offered commercially. Black powder rifles in this caliber should not use heavy smokeless loads.

</doc>
<doc id="19767020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767020" title="Prince Gabriel of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Prince Gabriel of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Prince "Gabriele" Maria Giuseppe Carlo Ignazio Antonio Alfonso Pietro Giovanni Gerardo di Majella et Omni Sancti of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (11 January 1897, Cannes, France – 22 October 1975, Itu, Brazil) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Family.
Gabriel was the twelfth child and youngest son of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Maria Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. He was a younger brother of Prince Ferdinand Pius, Duke of Calabria, Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Maria Immaculata, Princess Johann Georg of Saxony, Maria Cristina, Archduchess Peter Ferdinand of Austria, Maria di Grazia, Princess Imperial of Brazil, Prince Ranieri, Duke of Castro, and Prince Philip of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Marriage and issue.
Gabriel married firstly to Princess Malgorzata Izabella Czartoryska, daughter of Prince Adam Ludwik Czartoryski and his wife Countess Maria Ludwika Krasińska, on 25 August 1927 in Paris. The couple had one child before Malgorzata died in Cannes on 8 March 1929:
Gabriel married secondly to Princess Cecylia Lubomirska, daughter of Prince Kasimierz Lubomirski and his wife Countess Maria Theresia of Granow-Wodicka, on 15 September 1932 in Kraków. Gabriel and Cecylia had four children:
Titles, styles, honours and arms.
Titles and styles.
In addition to the historical princely rank which derives from membership in the historical House of Bourbon-Sicily, the title of "Principe de Borbon" and the style of "Royal Highness" were specifically accorded to Gabriel de Borbón, and to all children born of his dynastic marriage, by a Spanish royal decree issued 19 August 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19767023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767023" title="Brad Mays">
Brad Mays

Brad Mays (born May 30, 1955) is an independent filmmaker and stage director, living and working in Los Angeles, California.
Background and education.
During the early 1970s, Brad Mays became involved in the performing arts during a professional internship at the McCarter Theater in Princeton, New Jersey. When his family moved to Maryland in the wake of difficulties resulting from his participation in anti-war demonstrations, Mays became heavily involved in the Baltimore experimental theater scene and, at the age of eighteen, began directing at the Corner Theatre ETC.
Upon completion of theatre arts studies at Towson University, Mays was formally hired by the Baltimore Theatre Project. In 1982, Mays moved to New York City, where he began working off-Broadway and, ultimately, produced and directed his first independent feature film, "Stage Fright." 
Film work.
In 2006, Mays filmed the documentary feature "SING*ularity" (2008), which explores the cutting-edge training of classical singers at the world-renowned OperaWorks program in Southern California. Other films include a free-form adaptation of Euripides' "The Bacchae" (2002), and his first feature, "Stage Fright," a semi-autobiographical piece, co-written with his friend and fellow Corner Theatre alum, Stanley Keyes, which depicts the trials and tribulations of a late '60's theatre company and had its inaugural screenings at the 1989 Berlin International Film Festival under the auspices of American Independents In Berlin and the New York Foundation for the Arts. It was during the editing of that particular project that Mays was invited to participate as a segment director on Howard Stern's first Pay-Per-View special, "Howard Stern's Negligee and Underpants Party".
Mays' 2008 motion picture romantic comedy "The Watermelon" premiered at the San Diego Film Festival, where it quickly achieved the top slot for audience and industry buzz. Written by Michael Hemmingson, "The Watermelon" was produced by Lorenda Starfelt at LightSong Films in North Hollywood, and was conceived as a "Fairy Tale for grown-ups." The film stars Will Beinbrink, Kiersten Morgan, Elyse Ashton, Julia Aks, Mike Ivy and Bob Golub. "The Watermelon" was released by Celebrity Video Distribution, a Los Angeles distribution company dedicated to serving the independent film community. It was subsequently awarded a 2010 California Film Awards "Diamond Award." 
In 2009, Brad Mays finished work on the feature-length political documentary "The Audacity of Democracy", which followed the 2008 race for the Democratic Presidential Nomination and focused in particular on the notorious PUMA movement. In multiple Blog-Radio interviews, the director expressed dissatisfaction with the project, revealing that he had not been allowed to complete shooting in the manner originally agreed to. On June 6, 2011, Brad Mays discussed his personal and working relationship with his late wife Lorenda Starfelt – who had died of uterine cancer earlier that year – with blog radio host John Smart. In the interview, which Smart described on his website as "harsh, truthful and brutally honest," Mays revealed the closeness of his artistic collaboration with Starfelt, as well as his reasons for considering their 2010 documentary film co-production "The Audacity of Democracy" to have been "unsuccessful...incomplete, inconclusive, ultimately unsatisfying and even embarrassing." 
In June 2012, Mays' comedy short "The Donut Shop" received the "People's Choice Award" at the San Francisco Black Film Festival, as well as "Best Comedy" at the 2012 San Diego Black Film Festival. The following year, Mays' feature documentary I Grew Up in Princeton had its premiere showing in Princeton, New Jersey. The film, described in one Princeton newspaper as a "deeply personal 'coming-of-age story' that yields perspective on the role of perception in a town that was split racially, economically and sociologically", is a portrayal of life in the venerable university town during the tumultuous period of the late sixties through the early seventies.
Stage work.
Brad Mays has directed for the stage, primarily in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. His first New York production was an evening of one-act plays, written by Linda Chambers and performed at the Cubiculo Theatre: "Joan," "Stones," and "Requiem." All three pieces dealt with themes of personal spirituality. "Requiem," the longest play of the evening, was a fictionalized drama about the death of Irish hunger striker Bobby Sands, and performed during the Saint Patrick's Day holiday in 1982. Mays' Off-Broadway presentation of Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz's "The Water Hen," was videotaped by the Lincoln Center's Billy Rose Theatre Collection for inclusion in their permanent archive.
In Los Angeles, Mays' original adaptation of Euripides' "The Bacchae" was nominated for three LA Weekly Theatre Awards (including Best Direction) in 1997 and also videotaped for the Lincoln Center's archive. The production was recognized for its overall directorial audacity, the movement-scoring work by choreographer Kim Weild, and for its aggressive onstage violence and nudity. Mays' multi-media production of Anthony Burgess' "A Clockwork Orange", performed in Los Angeles at the ARK Theatre company, was likewise nominated for Best Direction, Best Revival Production, and Best Actress by the 2004 LA Weekly Theater Awards. Vanessa Claire Smith won Best Actress for her gender-bending portrayal of Alex, the story's protagonist.
Other efforts include Peter Weiss' "The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade" at Theatre of NOTE in Los Angeles; an expanded version of "Joan" by Linda Chambers, starring Rain Pryor as Joan of Arc; and the black comedy "Dragon Slayers," by Stanley Keyes, in which a cult of insane puppeteers engage in ritual murder. "Dragon Slayers" was performed in both New York and Los Angeles over a period of several years, featuring an original electronic score contributed by Garth Hudson of the late sixties rock group The Band.
Other work.
Brad Mays was invited to discuss Euripides' "The Bacchae" for WGBH Boston's 2010 PBS series "Invitation to World Literature," which was also launched on Annenberg Media's educational website in September, 2010. Also featured on the show were Nobel Prize winner Wole Soyinka, director Richard Schechner, and actor Alan Cumming.

</doc>
<doc id="19767040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767040" title="Hanne Ørstavik">
Hanne Ørstavik

Hanne Ørstavik (born 1969) is a Norwegian writer. She was born in Tana in Finnmark province in the far north of Norway, and moved to Oslo at the age of 16. Her parents are Wenche Ørstavik and Gunnar Ørstavik. She has two brothers, Paul Ørstavik and Sakse Ørstavik.She has one daughter, Mari Ørstavik. She has two nieces, Maisie and Helena, and two nephews, Murphy and Thomas. With the publication of the novel "Hakk" ("Cut") in 1994, Ørstavik embarked on a career that would make her one of the most remarkable and admired authors in Norwegian contemporary literature. Her literary breakthrough came three years later with the publication of "Kjærlighet" ("Love"), which in 2006 was voted the 6th best Norwegian book of the last 25 years in a prestigious contest in Dagbladet. Since then she has written several acclaimed and much discussed novels and received a host of literary prizes.
In 2002, she was awarded the Dobloug Prize for her literary works, and in 2004, the Brage Prize for the novel "Presten". 
Ørstavik’s books have been translated into 15 languages.

</doc>
<doc id="19767076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767076" title="Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 5000 metres">
Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 5000 metres

The 5000 metres speed skating event was part of the speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme. The competition was held on Sunday, February 17, 1952 at 4 p.m..
Thirty-five speed skaters from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1952 Winter Olympics.
"(*)" The record was set on naturally frozen ice.
"(**)" This record was not recognized before the 1955 ISU Congress. It was set in a high altitude venue (more than 1000 metres above sea level) and on naturally frozen ice.
Hjalmar Andersen set a new Olympic record with 8:10.6 minutes.
Results.
Nikolay Mamonov who set a faster time than the standing world record (later recognized as world record) did not compete as the Soviet Union did not participate in Winter Games before 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19767141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767141" title="Keith Thomas (saxophonist)">
Keith Thomas (saxophonist)

Keith Thomas is an English saxophonist.
Career.
Keith Thomas started playing saxophone with a South London based Funk Band called the 'Brothers of Funk' who resided and played in and around London's 'Old Kent Road'. Playing with Goldsmiths College's big band run by Herman Wilson is amongst the many 'wood shedding' places where he improved his 'chops', and met with various South London session saxophonists including (Ray Carless and Roger Thomas). 
Keith making his first album at 'FreeRange Studios', with notable sound engineer and producer Marc Frank, was introduced to Robbie Vincent who managed the R&B band Second Image. 
Keith became a member of the band touring and playing on recordings from the 'Pinpoint the feeling' era. 
During this time he met with John & Paul Weller to talk about collaborations on The Jam's musical project and the upcoming European gigs. Initially this was collaborating on existing Jam songs with Second Image trumpeter Frank. When Frank was no longer able to continue, Keith introduced Steve Nichol to Paul, and Keith and Steve became part of The Jam until their dissolution, late in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19767161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767161" title="Philomycus">
Philomycus

Philomycus is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Philomycidae, the mantleslugs.
Biology.
These slugs create and use love darts as part of their mating behavior. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Philomycus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19767167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767167" title="USNS Maumee (T-AO-149)">
USNS Maumee (T-AO-149)

USNS "Maumee" (T-AO-149), later T-AOT-149, was a United States Navy "Maumee"-class oiler, later transport oiler, in non-commissioned service with the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS), later Military Sealift Command, from 1956 until probably the mid-1980s.
"Maumee", the fourth U.S. Navy ship to bear the name, was laid down at Sun Shipbuilding and Drydock Company at Chester, Pennsylvania,
on 18 March 1955 and launched on 15 November 1955, sponsored by Mrs. Lloyd Harrison. She entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service under the control of the Military Sea Transportation Service, later the Military Sealift Command, with a primarily civilian crew on 17 December 1956.
"Maumee" was the lead unit of her new "super tanker" class and the first vessel in naval history to be launched as a United States Naval Ship (USNS), intended for non-commissioned U.S. Navy service with a civilian crew. Built along commercial tanker lines specifically for MSTS duty, "Maumee", following her completion, was turned over to Marine Transport Lines to operate for MSTS as a civilian-manned ship under a long‑term consecutive‑voyage charter. By 1958 she had begun her first prolonged duty in the Pacific. Her role was point‑to‑point delivery of bulk petroleum in support of the U.S. armed forces in the Pacific area. 
From 1968 to 1971, the ship was also used in the Navy's "Operation Deep Freeze II" where it was used to transport fuel supplies to McMurdo Sound (South Pole). It was the largest ship to visit Antarctica, and was led into the ice pack by ice breakers. She eventually was reclassified as a "transport oiler", resulting her redesignation from "T-AO-149" (as an oiler) to "T-AOT-149" (as a transport oiler).
"Maumee" was placed out of service at an unrecorded date, probably in the mid-1980s. She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register, also at an unrecorded date, and was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 23 December 1994 to be laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Beaumont, Texas. 
She was sold for scrapping on 9 November 2006 to ESCO Marine of Brownsville, Texas. and departed the National Defense Reserve Fleet, Beaumont Group, on 23 January 2007 for scrapping by ESCO Marine.

</doc>
<doc id="19767168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767168" title="Charles A. Moore">
Charles A. Moore

Charles A. Moore (March 11, 1901 – April 1967) was a professor of comparative philosophy at the University of Hawaii.
Born in Chicago, Illinois, Moore was educated at Yale University, where he received an A.B. in 1926 and a Ph.D. in 1932, then taught philosophy for three years. In 1936 he began his 30-year career at the University of Hawaii, where he founded the East-West Philosophers' Conferences, directing the first four in 1939, 1949, 1959, and 1964. In 1951 he also founded a journal, "Philosophy East and West", and served as its editor until his death.
In 1947 he received fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the Watumull Foundation to do a year of postdoctoral work at Banaras Hindu University. He chaired the section on philosophy and religion at the Unesco Conference in 1957, chaired the plenary session of the International Congress of Philosophy in Mexico City in 1963, and taught at various times as a visiting professor at Boston University, Cornell University, Duke University, and the University of Southern California. In 1967 Visva-Bharati University awarded him a D.Litt., and in 1969 the University of Hawaii named a new building Moore Hall.
Further reading.
"Source book of Indian Philosophy" by Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Charles A. Moore

</doc>
<doc id="19767202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767202" title="FGF16">
FGF16

Fibroblast growth factor 16 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the FGF16 gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family. FGF family members possess broad mitogenic and cell survival activities, and are involved in a variety of biological processes, including embryonic development, cell growth, morphogenesis, tissue repair, tumor growth and invasion. The rat homolog is predominantly expressed in embryonic brown adipose tissue and has significant mitogenic activity, which suggests a role in proliferation of embryonic brown adipose tissue.
Mutations in this gene have been found associated to cases of X-linked recessive metacarpal 4/5 fusion. (PMID: 23709756)

</doc>
<doc id="19767208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767208" title="FGF22">
FGF22

Fibroblast growth factor 22 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the FGF22 gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family. FGF family members possess broad mitogenic and cell survival activities, and are involved in a variety of biological processes, including embryonic development, cell growth, morphogenesis, tissue repair, tumor growth and invasion. The mouse homolog of this gene was found to be preferentially expressed in the inner root sheath of the hair follicle, which suggested a role in hair development.

</doc>
<doc id="19767215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767215" title="FGF20">
FGF20

Fibroblast growth factor 20 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the FGF20 gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family. FGF family members possess broad mitogenic and cell survival activities, and are involved in a variety of biological processes, including embryonic development, cell growth, morphogenesis, tissue repair, tumor growth and invasion. This gene was shown to be expressed in normal brain, particularly the cerebellum. The rat homolog is preferentially expressed in the brain and able to enhance the survival of midbrain dopaminergic neurons in vitro.

</doc>
<doc id="19767218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767218" title="Luke Harangody">
Luke Harangody

Luke Harangody (born January 2, 1988) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for UNICS Kazan in Russia. Harangody completed his college career at the University of Notre Dame in 2010. He is the only men's player in the history of the Big East Conference to average 20 points and 10 rebounds per game in conference play for his career. He was the 2008 Big East Player of the Year, and was named to the second team on the 2008 Associated Press All-America team. He is also the first Notre Dame men's player to be a three-time first-team All-Big East selection (and just 11th overall) (2008–2010), and the first men's player to lead the conference in both scoring and rebounding in consecutive seasons (2008 and 2009).
Harangody considered entering the 2009 NBA Draft, but withdrew his name to return to Notre Dame for his senior season. Harangody ended his Notre Dame career as the only player to have over 2000 points and 1000 rebounds.
Early years.
Growing up in Schererville, Indiana, Harangody, the son of a former Indiana University football player, had an intense sibling rivalry with his brother Ty, who is 20 months older and was one grade ahead of him in school. The two began with basketball games on a mini-hoop in Harangody's room, which ended when they were kicked out for shaking the light fixtures. The games then moved to a court that their father set up in the basement, and from there to the backyard once they outgrew the basement. Their father soon banned them from the backyard because their one-on-one games almost invariably ended in fistfights, but that only moved their rivalry to local parks. Bigger and stronger, Ty won most of their games; Harangody would later say about those days, "I still look back on that as where most of my competitive nature comes from. To beat him, I'd go all out, all the time." Eventually, the brothers' athletic paths split. Ty followed in their father's footsteps as a football player, eventually earning a scholarship to IU as a tight end; his career was ended by a torn ACL in his sophomore year. Harangody grew 3 inches as a high school freshman and opted for basketball.
Harangody starred at Andrean High School in nearby Merrillville. In his last two high school seasons, he averaged over 20 points and 10 rebounds, was named as the top player in Northwest Indiana by at least one media outlet in each season, and received All-State recognition in Indiana in both seasons.
College career.
Freshman season.
Despite Harangody's credentials, he had considerable doubts about his ability to play in the Big East, and much of Notre Dame's recruitment consisted of convincing him he was good enough to play in the conference. 
After a double-double against Butler in the second game of the season, Irish head coach Mike Brey considered adding Harangody to the starting lineup, but Harangody hesitated and Brey decided to wait until Big East play. Harangody would go on to start the team's final 16 games.
Harangody went on to average 11.2 points and 6.2 rebounds that season, and was named to the Big East All-Rookie first team. However, conditioning proved to be a problem for him that season; he gained weight during the season (not typical for college athletes), and he played more than 30 minutes only once as a freshman. His conditioning caught up with him in the NCAA Tournament. He played only 17 minutes in Notre Dame's first-round loss to Winthrop, and finished with 4 points and one rebound. About that game, he would later remember that "It was hard to get up and down the court. I hit that wall and there was nothing I could do to get out of it. I never wanted to feel like that again." He then had dinner with his parents shortly after the game, an event which his father clearly remembered in an interview the following season: "On the spot, he says, 'I've got to do something.' He rededicated himself from the minute they lost that game."
Sophomore season.
His rededication began with a change in diet; he and the team's trainer worked on a nutrition program that limited his intake of fried foods and carbohydrates. Harangody also increased the intensity of his workout regimen, in both cardiovascular work and weight training. The work paid off in his sophomore season; his body fat content dropped from 14% at the end of his freshman season to 8% by the end of the 2007–08 season. Harangody also took more of a leadership role on the team, notably berating several of the team's freshmen for giggling in the locker room after a January 19, 2008 loss to Georgetown.
Harangody ended the season averaging 20.4 points and 10.6 rebounds, which made him the Big East's leading scorer and second-leading rebounder. In contrast to his early doubts about his ability to play in the Big East, he had even better numbers in Big East play, with averages of 23.3 points and 11.3 rebounds, which led the conference in both categories. This also made him one of only five players in the previous decade to average 22 points and 11 rebounds in conference play for a BCS conference team. His scoring and leadership led the Irish to a 14–4 conference record and 24–7 regular season record. The Irish also became the first team in Big East men's basketball history to go unbeaten at home in conference play in consecutive seasons. Although the Irish lost in the first round of the Big East tournament to Marquette, Notre Dame earned their second straight NCAA Tournament bid as a #5 seed. The Irish beat George Mason in the first round and went out in the second to Washington State.
After the season, Harangody was named the conference Player of the Year, and was also named to the 1st Team All Big East squad. He was named to the Associated Press' All-America Second Team on March 31, 2008.
Junior season.
Harangody never considered declaring for the 2008 NBA Draft. With Harangody and fellow All-Big East first-teamer Kyle McAlarney leading an experienced team, the Irish were expected to make a deep run in the 2009 NCAA Tournament, with Dick Vitale naming the Irish #6 in his preseason rankings and Andy Katz placing the Irish in a "next tier" of teams that he effectively ranked from 8th to 16th.
However, Notre Dame had to deal with a possible threat to Harangody's college eligibility during the 2008 offseason. A Boston company, Cellular Services Worldwide, had obtained public domain photos of Harangody and Irish quarterback Jimmy Clausen and used them in an advertisement on a Notre Dame fan site on the Web. Such a use of images of players is a violation of NCAA rules. The school immediately issued a cease and desist letter to the company, which satisfied NCAA requirements and ensured the players' eligibility.
The Fighting Irish finished a disappointing 21–15, losing in the Final Four of the NIT to Penn State after climbing as high as #7 in the polls during the season.
Senior season.
After declaring for the 2009 NBA Draft, Harangody withdrew and returned for his senior year at Notre Dame.
The Irish rebounded to reach the Big East semi-finals and the NCAA Tournament. Harangody was named All-Big East for the third year in a row and the All-American team for the third year in a row, making him the first Notre Dame player to be named an All-American 3 years in a row in basketball since Kevin O'Shea.
Professional career.
Harangody was selected by the Boston Celtics with the 52nd overall pick in the 2010 NBA Draft. On August 10, 2010, Harangody signed a two-year deal with the Celtics.
On November 2, 2010, Harangody made his NBA debut in a game against the Detroit Pistons. Harangody was 2-of-2 from the field, and scored four points in three minutes of playing time.
On January 7, 2011, in a 122-102 win over the Toronto Raptors, Harangody achieved career highs of 17 points, 11 rebounds, and two blocked shots.
Harangody was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers on February 24, 2011, along with teammate Semih Erden in exchange for a second-round draft pick in the 2013 NBA Draft. On January 27, 2012 he debuted in the NBA Development League for Cleveland's affiliate Canton Charge with a double-double of 11 points and a team-high 11 rebounds against the Bakersfield Jam. He added a double-double the following night against the Los Angeles D-Fenders with a team-high 21 points and 11 rebounds. Harangody was recalled by the Cavaliers on February 1, 2012, but re-assigned on March 6, 2012. On July 11, 2012, the Cavaliers signed Harangody to a one-year, $1.1 million contract. Harangody was waived by the Cavaliers on November 29, 2012.
On December 28, 2012, Harangody was acquired by the Canton Charge. He was then immediately traded to the Fort Wayne Mad Ants for JaJuan Johnson.
Harangody joined the Denver Nuggets for the 2013 Las Vegas Summer League. On August 8, 2013, Harangody signed a one–year deal with UNICS Kazan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19767234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767234" title="Jones Point, New York">
Jones Point, New York

Jones Point is a hamlet located in the town of Stony Point in Rockland County in the state of New York, United States. Located north of Tomkins Cove; east of Bear Mountain State Park; south of Iona Island; and west of the Hudson River. It is directly across the Hudson River from the city of Peekskill and lies at the foot of Dunderberg Mountain.
Although it is located in primarily suburban Rockland County, the hamlet is rural in character, making it an exurb of New York City. Over 85% of the hamlet is part of the Bear Mountain State Park.
Hudson River Reserve Fleet.
The Hudson River National Defense Fleet established by an act of Congress in 1946, was first located off Tarrytown, one of eight anchorages in the United States to provide a sizable group of merchant ships to support the military effort at the outset of any war. On April 30, 1946, the Hudson River fleet was moved further north to Jones Point (at one time known as Caldwell's Landing) at the foot of Dunderberg Mountain. Here the anchorage remained until the last two ships were towed away on July 8, 1971, to be sold for scrap to Spain.
The fleet was at its peak with 189 ships in July 1965. Anchored in ten rows, it extended from the fleet office at the Jones Point dock several miles to the south — to the Boulderberg House at Tomkins Cove. Several viewing points were established along Route 9W for the hundreds of motorists who stopped daily to look at the ships.
During the Korean War, a total of 130 ships were taken from the Hudson River fleet leaving only 39 ships. During the Suez crises in 1956, 35 ships were put back into service when British and French ships were diverted from trade routes to supply their nations' armed forces. The Vietnam War required more than 40 ships.
When the U.S. Department of Agriculture in 1953 needed storage space for large volumes of government-owned wheat, it turned to the Hudson River Reserve fleet. During the following ten years more than 53,563,948 bushels of wheat were loaded into 231 ships. 
A ventilation system had been installed in the ships, making it possible to maintain the quality of the wheat for long periods of storage. This saved the U.S. government some five million dollars on commercial storage estimates.
The ships were kept in condition on a year-'round basis by a crew of 86 men under the supervision of Charles R. Gindroz of Pearl River, fleet superintendent and one-time chief engineer on the George Washington. The reserve fleet ships, valued at over $255 million, had their machinery turned over periodically and their internal surfaces sprayed with a coat of preservative oil on a regular basis.
Other reserve fleets were anchored at Astoria, Oregon; Olympia, Washington; Suisan Bay, California; Mobile, Alabama; Beaumont, Texas; Wilmington, North Carolina; and James River, Virginia. Ships not sold for scrap from the Hudson River fleet were transferred to the James River fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19767235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767235" title="Gerard Redmond Community Catholic School">
Gerard Redmond Community Catholic School

Gerard Redmond Community Catholic School (GRCCS) was named after Father Gerard Redmond who presided over Our Lady of the Foothills Parish from 1964 – 1970 and again from 1980 -1983. Fr. Redmond was instrumental in the initial development of a Catholic school system here in Hinton, Alberta beginning officially in 1982. Originally providing education for grades K – 7, it became a K – 12 school in 1999, and in 2005, after extensive renovations, it began its current configuration as a grade 5 – 12 school. 

</doc>
<doc id="19767260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767260" title="Beacon Power">
Beacon Power

Beacon Power is an American Limited Liability Company and wholly owned subsidiary of Rockland Capital LLC specializing in flywheel-based energy storage headquartered in Tyngsborough, Massachusetts. Beacon designs and develops products aimed at utility frequency regulation for power grid operations.
The storage systems are designed to help utilities match supply with varying demand by storing excess power in arrays of flywheels at off-peak times for use during peak demand.
History.
Beacon Power was founded in Woburn, Massachusetts in 1997 as a subsidiary of SatCon Technology Corporation, a maker of alternative energy management systems. The company went public in 2000.
In June 2008, Beacon Power opened new headquarters in Tyngsboro, with financing from Massachusetts state agencies. The new facility is intended to support an expansion of the company's operation.
In 2009 Beacon received a loan guarantee from the United States Department of Energy (DOE) for $43 million to build a 20-megawatt flywheel power plant in Stephentown, New York.
On 30 October 2011, the company filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11, Title 11, United States Code in the United States bankruptcy court in Delaware. As part of the bankruptcy court proceedings, Beacon Power agreed on November 18 to sell its Stephentown facility to repay the DOE loan.
As of 6 February 2012, Rockland Capital, a private equity firm, bought the plant and most of the company's other assets for $30.5 million. Rockland Capital intends to rehire most of staff and to provide the capital to build a second 20MW plant in Pennsylvania.
Competitors.
There are numerous companies pursuing business opportunities presented by grid-level energy storage, including A123, Altair Nanotechnologies, Ener1, NGK Insulators Ltd, Satcon Technology Corporation, Valence Technology, and Enstorage. However, Beacon's main competitors in flywheel technology include ABB, Berkeley Energy Sciences Corporation, Temporal Power and Vycon Energy.

</doc>
<doc id="19767274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767274" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Whitman County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whitman County, Washington

__NOTOC__
List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Whitman County, Washington, U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="19767278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767278" title="Lewis and Clark High School">
Lewis and Clark High School

Lewis and Clark High School is a four-year public high school in Spokane, Washington. Opened in 1912, it is located at 521 W. Fourth Ave. in downtown Spokane, bounded by I-90 to the north and Deaconess Medical Center to the west. It replaced South Central High School and was named for the two leaders of the Corps of Discovery.
Early history.
Central School, a two-story wooden building, was the first school located on the southwest block at Fourth and Stevens. A four-room school, it opened in October 1883. In 1890, citizens voted bonds to build a new high school and four elementary schools. The old Central school building was moved to the corner of Fifth and Bernard and became a private school. The new high school, known as "Spokane High School," was constructed on the Fourth and Stevens site and opened in 1891. By 1906, the influx of immigrants and subsequent boom in Spokane's population created a need for a second high school. North Central High School was built and opened in 1908 to serve the students on the north side the river. Spokane High School became known as "South Central High School."
Fire destroyed South Central High School shortly after sunrise on June 21, 1910. The spectacular blaze destroyed the interior of the school but left the remains of the exterior walls standing. In January 1911, citizens passed a bond issue of $500,000 to pay for replacement of the school. Students attended classes at North Central while work progressed on the new school. Problems in construction and strikes by workers delayed the opening until April 1912. Meanwhile, the "Spokane Daily Chronicle" encouraged readers to enter a contest to suggest names for the new high school. Richard Hargreaves, the principal of North Central, suggested the names of Lewis and Clark, using one name for each high school, North and South Central. The school board settled for naming the south side school Lewis and Clark.
Demographics.
As of October 2007, 49% of the population was male and 51% of the population was female. White students have the biggest ethnic representation at 80.4% with African American follow at 6.2%, Asian/Pacific Islander at 3.0%, Hispanic at 3.0%, Asian at 2.6%, American Indian/Alaskan Native at 2.2%,and Pacific Islander at 0.4%. As of October 2007, 26.2% of students received free or reduced-priced meals, 8.0% were a part of the special education program, and 2.8% in transitional bilingualism. The 2006-2007 school year saw a dropout rate of 5.0%, an on-time graduation rate of 80%, and extended graduation rate of 84.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="19767298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767298" title="Garry Waller">
Garry Waller

Garry Waller is an American director of photography and visual effects supervisor has worked in Hollywood for nearly thirty years. He has been nominated for both an Academy Award and an Emmy and has worked with, among others, Tim Burton, Michael Mann, Mark Romanek, and Steven Spielberg. Garry also collaborated with director David Fincher on the visionary 'Constant Change' HP commercial and shot the 'Love is Strong' music video for the Rolling Stones, for which he received the MTV Video Music Award for Cinematography. Among his countless commercials credits are the iconic iPod silhouette spot for Apple Inc. and a recent Volkswagen campaign filmed on location in Shanghai, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19767324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767324" title="Peter Warlock (magician)">
Peter Warlock (magician)

Peter Warlock (born Alec William Bell; 1904–1995) was a semi-professional magician and publisher of the British magic magazines "Pentagram" (1946–59) and the "New Pentagram" (1969–89).
Biography.
In 1960, he became the honorary president of the Paisley Magic Circle. Peter Warlock was also asked to accept the Honorary Life Presidency of the Blackpool Magic Club after the death of Edward Victor.
Warlock's daughter Elizabeth Warlock is a magician as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19767376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767376" title="Stuffy/the fuses">
Stuffy/the fuses

stuffy/the fuses are a band from South London formed in 2003.
Biography.
The band was formed by Stephen Gilchrist (aka stuffy, also the drummer in Graham Coxon's band) who recorded the band's debut album "Join Me Or Die" before actually getting a complete line up together. The core line up consisting of Jon Fuse (aka Jon Clayton), Jen Fuse (aka Jen Macro), and stuffy formed in early 2003. They released the double A-sided single "Evel Knievel"/"In The River" on Magoo's May Go Zero label. Shortly after they signed to Wrath Records and were the token Londoners on the Leeds based label.
The next couple of years were spent sporadically touring and supporting such bands as Duels, Battle, ¡Forward Russia! and Brakes. They were also one of the last bands to record a Peel Session which included a cover of "Top Tim Rubies" by Deerhoof; the session was broadcast on Huw Stephens' show after Peel's death.
In 2005 they recorded the follow-up album "Angels Are Ace" which was recorded by Steve Albini. The full release of the album followed in 2007 on London based record label Sour Puss.
The band played mainly as a 3 piece for 2007/2008 and played their last show (including Lucy Fuse) on the 23rd January 2009 at The Windmill in Brixton, South London.
Musical style.
The band have been described by "Artrocker" as "XTC pop at Fugazi volume". A review of "Metal Queen Theme" described the track as sounding "like Pixies duelling with Kenickie", while "Sir Wants Sex" drew comparisons with Brian Wilson and The Breeders. A musicOMH review of "Angels are Ace" described them as sounding "like the archetypical UK indie band". "Where's the Captain" was described by Gigwise.com as "a 3 minute angst ridden blast of paranoia, edginess and scrawling guitars that leaves you exhausted after just one listen", with Stuffy's vocals compared to Frank Black.
Band members.
The band has included several keyboard players during its lifetime

</doc>
<doc id="19767434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767434" title="Satan's Triangle">
Satan's Triangle

"Satan's Triangle" is a 1975 TV movie set in the Bermuda Triangle and was produced by ABC. The plot involves a United States Coast Guard helicopter sent to answer a distress call from inside the Bermuda Triangle.
Plot.
A USCG pilot and his winchman Haig (Doug McClure) answer an SOS call at sea and arrive at a derelict schooner, the "Requite". Haig lowers himself to the ship, where he finds three dead bodies along with one survivor, Eva (Kim Novak), cowering in the cabin. 
As the pilot attempts to retrieve Haig and Eva with a rescue basket, the line breaks, plunging the two into the ocean. After they swim back to the boat, the pilot informs Haig that he must return to base because his fuel is borderline. Eva and Haig spend the night on the boat, during which time she recounts the story of the storm that killed everyone else aboard. One man was hurled through a hatch; one is hanging from the ship's mast; another vanished before her eyes; and a fourth man is in an aft compartment, floating in the air.
Eva attributes the deaths to supernatural causes, but Haig has a practical explanation for everything, including the man who appears to be floating in the air. Early the next morning, the pilot returns along with the Coast Guard cutter "Venturous". Haig and Eva are transferred from the "Requite" to the deck of the "Venturous", where they board the helicopter for the flight back to Miami. At the same time, Coast Guard personnel from the "Venturous" investigate the wrecked schooner. 
The story takes a bizarre turn when the Venturous' captain calls Haig to tell him that what they found on the ship was not what Haig reported. The film is an example of a twist ending. The film was directed by Sutton Roley.

</doc>
<doc id="19767436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19767436" title="Flamand">
Flamand

Flamand may refer to:

</doc>
