<doc id="19468536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468536" title="Fred W. Hooper Handicap">
Fred W. Hooper Handicap

The Fred W. Hooper Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Calder Race Course in Miami Gardens, Florida. A Grade III event, it is open to horses age three and older and is contested on dirt at a distance of 1 1/8 miles (9 furlongs). Currently raced in mid December, it offers a purse of $100,000.
Inaugurated in 1984 as the Tropical Park Handicap, it was run under that name through 1996. In 1987 it was called the Tropical Park Budweiser Breeders' Cup Handicap. In 1997, the race was renamed in honor of the prominent Thoroughbred owner/breeder, Fred W. Hooper who operated Circle H Farm, a horse breeding operation in Ocala, Florida. 
Creme Fraiche won the 1987 edition, which was run in January 1988, in track record time and came back to win it again in December 1988.
The 1984 and 1985 editions were run on turf at a distance of “about” 1⅛ miles. In 1986 it was switched to dirt and set at a distance of 1³/16 miles. The 1987 edition, run in January 1988 was set at 1¼ miles but the 1988 running in December was contested at 1⅛ miles and has remained at that distance, since.
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 1⅛ miles on dirt)
Most wins:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="19468546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468546" title="Opencast Matterhorn">
Opencast Matterhorn

Opencast is a term to describe audio and video content, primarily in an academic context. It combines the terms "Open" for Open Source and/or Open Access and "Broadcast". The term has been coined in the context of the Opencast Community and the Opencast Matterhorn project.
Opencast Community.
The Opencast Community was initiated by UC Berkeley in 2007 to gather academic institutions, individuals and companies interested in the production, management and distribution of academic audio and video content. Communication around related issues happens on the homepage and via the mailinglist. Goals of the Opencast Community are described in the mission statement. The most prominent project under the hood of the Opencast Community is the Opencast Matterhorn build project.
Opencast Matterhorn.
The Matterhorn project stems from the Opencast Community in that 13 institutions from North America and Europe initiated a cooperation to build an Open Source software to produce, manage and distribute academic audio and video content, especially lecture recordings. Matterhorn is supposed to bring about an easy-to-use chain of software components to automate the related process.
The project is supposed to combine the individual solutions and focus the efforts and experience of different universities in one shared open product. The creation of a unified system with an open development process is projected to foster the exchange of educational content also. The Opencast Matterhorn project receives funding from the Hewlett Foundation and the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation.
Opencast Matterhorn contains material with various licenses.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19468550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468550" title="Tropical Park Handicap">
Tropical Park Handicap

The Tropical Park Handicap was an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Tropical Park Race Track in Florida run from 1938 until the track closed in 1972. Open to horses age three and older, it was contested on dirt over a distane of a one and one-eighth miles.
Won by notable horses such as the 1947 Preakness Stakes winner Faultless, at one time the Tropical Park Handicap was important race. The article title for a story on the event in the November 24, 1965 issue of the "Miami News" said that the "Tropical Handicap Now Attracts Nation's Finest." 

</doc>
<doc id="19468554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468554" title="Josef R. Sheetz">
Josef R. Sheetz

Major General Josef Robert Sheetz (1895–1992) was an American military commander during World War II, who served as Assistant Chief of Staff of the War Department in 1941-42. Sheetz is particularly noted for his command of the 98th Artillery Division in the Battle of Okinawa, and his involvement in the early years of the post-war American Occupation of Okinawa.
Career.
Sheetz taught at the Command and General Staff School from 1939 to 1941, before moving on to become Assistant Chief of Staff in the Department of War.
During World War II, then Brigadier-General Sheetz served as the commanding officer of the 98th Artillery Division, and fought in the battle of Okinawa as commander of the 24th Artillery Corps.
In October 1949, following a period of service in Korea, Sheetz replaced Major-General William W. Eagles as military governor of Okinawa, and began a number of efforts to revive and repair the islands' economy, and to democratize the government. This was the first concerted effort in four years to repair the damage to the island and its economy caused by the 1945 battle. Efforts were made to improve living conditions for the American soldiers, whose residences were compared by TIME Magazine at the time to hobo camps, as well as to improve morale, and to put an end to crimes committed by the troops. As part of a series of courses aimed at improving conduct among the troops, Sheetz asked Occupation forces to see themselves as diplomats. Expenses involved in the construction of the Occupation forces' military complexes was hoped to aid the local economy, though, after disagreements with local landowners over the cost of the land, the United States Military Government of the Ryukyu Islands simply appropriated the land without compensation. Sheetz also oversaw other reconstruction efforts, including that of the port of Naha. While the Ryukyu Islands would remain under American military rule until 1972, free elections were held for the legislature, and for leaders of several island groups, including Amami, Okinawa, Yaeyama, and Miyako.
Sheetz retired from military service the following year, in 1950. In 1954, he served as headmaster of Texas Military Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19468555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468555" title="Dead Man's Gun">
Dead Man's Gun

"Dead Man's Gun" was a western anthology series that ran on Showtime from 1997 to 1999. The series followed the travels of a gun as it passed to a new character in each episode. The gun would change the life of whomever possessed it. 
Each episode was narrated by Kris Kristofferson. The executive producer was Henry Winkler.
Episode list.
Season 1 (1997–1998) (22 Episodes)
Season 2 (1998–1999) (22 Episodes) 
DVD releases.
On February 15, 2011, Alliance Home Entertainment released the complete first season of "Dead Man's Gun" on DVD in Canada only. Season 2 was released on March 15, 2011.
On April 2, 2013, TGG Direct will release both seasons on DVD in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19468667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468667" title="Stitt House">
Stitt House

The Stitt House is an Italianate style house located in Hot Springs, Arkansas. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Located in Hot Springs National Park, the Stitt House was built in 1875 by industrialist and early city founder Samuel H. Stitt. Together with Colonel Fordyce, he built the Fordyce bathhouse and founded Mountain Valley Spring Water company. He also built the first Arlington Hotel which the Stitt House was loosely modeled after with its two towers being the focal points of the structures. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19468672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468672" title="Joe Bravo (jockey)">
Joe Bravo (jockey)

Joe Bravo (born September 10, 1971 in Long Branch, New Jersey) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing. The son and grandson of jockeys, he began his professional career in Thoroughbred flat racing at Calder Race Course in Miami Gardens, Florida during the latter end of 1988.
According to his NTRA profile, Joe Bravo has dominated the New Jersey racing circuit since the early 1990s. He has won nine riding titles at Meadowlands Racetrack and thirteen at Monmouth Park. He got his big break in 1997 when he rode Formal Gold to his victories that year. Bravo has won the Jersey Shore Breeders' Cup Stakes five times including three straight from 2004 through 2006.
Joe Bravo makes his home in Eatontown, New Jersey and Aventura, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19468676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468676" title="Überwald (Bergstraße)">
Überwald (Bergstraße)

The Überwald is a wooded area in the southeast of Bergstraße district in Hesse, Germany, between the “Anterior” and “Hinder” Odenwald, comprising the communities of Abtsteinach, Grasellenbach and Wald-Michelbach. Wald-Michelbach is the Überwald’s central community. The name was likely first used by the inhabitants of the neighbouring Weschnitz valley. The direction of view from this valley goes over the higher elevation at the Tromm, “over the forest” ("über den Wald" in German) towards the higher-lying places Wald-Michelbach, Abtsteinach and Grasellenbach.
The places lying in the Überwald from Abtsteinach to Grasellenbach are Unter-Abtsteinach, Ober-Abtsteinach, Mackenheim, Siedelsbrunn, Kreidach, Stallenkandel, Ober-Mengelbach, Gadern, Wald-Michelbach, Ober-Schönmattenwag, Unter-Schönmattenwag, Aschbach, Hartenrod, Affolterbach, Kocherbach, Wahlen, Scharbach, Tromm (a place as well as a hill), Litzelbach, Hammelbach and Gras-Ellenbach.
Neighbouring communities.
The places neighbouring the Überwald are Gorxheimertal (Bergstraße district), Heiligkreuzsteinach (Baden-Württemberg), Schönau (Baden-Württemberg), Birkenau (Bergstraße district), Mörlenbach (Bergstraße district), Rimbach (Bergstraße district), Heddesbach (Baden-Württemberg), Eberbach (Baden-Württemberg), Rothenberg (Odenwaldkreis), Fürth (Bergstraße district), Mossautal (Odenwaldkreis), Reichelsheim (Odenwaldkreis) and Beerfelden (Odenwaldkreis).

</doc>
<doc id="19468678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468678" title="Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair">
Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair

Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, also spelt Kunju Nair, (1908-1981) was an outstanding Kathakali mastero of the 20th century. He was a unique legendary personality who was a brilliant performer, an excellent guru (teacher) and a scholar in Sanskrit that nobody could match in the world of Kathakali. He mainly served in two of the great institutions of Kathakali in Kerala as their Guru, first in PSV Natya Sangham, Kottakkal and from 1959 at Kerala Kalamandalam. He was the first principal of Kerala Kalamandalam, the premier performing arts institute of Kerala in south India. A Padma Shri awardee, Kunchu Nair was a frontline disciple of the legendary Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon, and was noted for his subdued portrayal of lead Kathakali roles like Nalan, Rukmangadan, Dharmaputrar, Bhiman, Arjunan, Brahmanan (in the storyplay Santanagopalam) and Parasuraman (Sitaswayamvaram) besides in anti-hero slots like Ravanan and Duryodhanan.
A native of Vazhenkada, now in Malappuram district, Kunchu Nair was initiated into Kathakali by gurus Kariyattil Koppan Nair and Kalluvazhi Govinda Pisharody. Subsequently, he became a disciple of Pattikkamthodi. Kunchu Nair, who also taught at the PSV Natyasangham in Kottakkal, has eminent disciples like Kalamandalam Vasu Pisharody, Kottakkal Sivaraman, Nelliyode Vasudevan Namboodiri and Kottakkal Chandrasekharan. Vazhenkada Vijayan, an ex-principal of Kalamandalam, is his son. Kunchu Nair died in 1981 after prolonged illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19468691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468691" title="Maris Valainis">
Maris Valainis

Maris Valainis is an American construction consultant and a former actor, best known for his role in the 1986 film "Hoosiers", in which he played the character of Jimmy Chitwood, a basketball player who makes a last-second shot to win the Indiana state high school championship. The character is based upon Bobby Plump, who actually accomplished that feat in 1954.
Valainis, a native of Indiana, had arrived at an open casting call for "Hoosiers" but grew impatient waiting in line with hundreds of other hopefuls and decided to leave the line. However, when he did so, he was noticed by a casting director, who then pulled him aside and asked him to demonstrate his basketball skills. Although Valainis had been cut each of the three times he had tried out for his own high school basketball team, he impressed the casting director enough that he was invited back the next day to read lines, and he eventually landed the part. Of the eight actors cast as members of the team, Valainis was reportedly the only one who did not actually play high school basketball.
The scene in "Hoosiers" with Jimmy Chitwood and Coach Norman Dale talking while Jimmy is shooting baskets at an outdoor basket was filmed in one take. Valainis said that he "wasn't even listening to (Gene Hackman). I was just concentrating on making (the shots) and I made one and they kept going in." In the scene where Chitwood made the final shot of the state championship game, Valainis was told that whether he made the shot or not, people were going to rush the floor because of the need for a wide shot of the court. Luckily, he made it on the first take (and later sank the same shot in a second take).
After shooting "Hoosiers", Valainis moved to California to pursue a career in acting. However, he later reflected that after getting the role in "Hoosiers" so easily, he believes that he took acting for granted. He received a few small roles in feature films, one of them being Scott Thorson in the TV biopic "Liberace" (1988), before turning his attention to golf. Valainis had been an all-state golfer at Bishop Chatard High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, as well as a member of the golf team at Purdue University. After giving up on acting, he began a career in golf course management, including working as a caddy for professional golfers.
As of 2010, Valainis was working as a construction consultant. He was married, with two daughters, and living in Costa Mesa, California. He noted that when in public, he was still frequently recognized for his role in "Hoosiers".

</doc>
<doc id="19468696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468696" title="Fundamental theorem of calculus">
Fundamental theorem of calculus

The fundamental theorem of calculus is a theorem that links the concept of the derivative of a function with the concept of the integral.
The first part of the theorem, sometimes called the first fundamental theorem of calculus, is that an indefinite integration can be reversed by a differentiation. This part of the theorem is also important because it guarantees the existence of antiderivatives for continuous functions.
The second part, sometimes called the second fundamental theorem of calculus, is that the definite integral of a function can be computed by using any one of its infinitely many antiderivatives. This part of the theorem has key practical applications because it markedly simplifies the computation of definite integrals.
History.
The fundamental theorem of calculus relates differentiation and integration, showing that these two operations are essentially inverses of one another. Before the discovery of this theorem, it was not recognized that these two operations are related. Ancient Greek mathematicians knew how to compute area via infinitesimals, an operation that we would now call integration. The origins of differentiation likewise predate the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus by hundreds of years; for example, in the fourteenth century the notions of "continuity" of functions and "motion" was studied by the Oxford Calculators and other scholars. The historical relevance of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus is not the ability to calculate these operations, but the realization that the two seemingly distinct operations (calculation of geometric areas, and calculation of velocities) are actually closely related.
The first published statement and proof of a restricted version of the fundamental theorem was by James Gregory (1638–1675). Isaac Barrow (1630–1677) proved a more generalized version of the theorem while Barrow's student Isaac Newton (1643–1727) completed the development of the surrounding mathematical theory. Gottfried Leibniz (1646–1716) systematized the knowledge into a calculus for infinitesimal quantities and introduced the notation used today.
Geometric meaning.
For a continuous function whose graph is plotted as a curve, each value of "x" has a corresponding area function "A"("x"), representing the area beneath the curve between 0 and "x". The function "A"("x") may not be known, but it is given that it represents the area under the curve.
The area under the curve between "x" and could be computed by finding the area between 0 and then subtracting the area between 0 and "x". In other words, the area of this “sliver” would be .
There is another way to "estimate" the area of this same sliver. As shown in the accompanying figure, "h" is multiplied by "f"("x") to find the area of a rectangle that is approximately the same size as this sliver. So:
In fact, this estimate becomes a perfect equality if we add the red portion of the "excess" area shown in the diagram. So:
Rearranging terms:
As "h" approaches 0 in the limit, the last fraction can be shown to go to zero. This is true because the area of the red portion of excess region is less than the area of the tiny black-bordered rectangle; the area of that tiny rectangle, divided by "h", is simply the height of the tiny rectangle, which can be seen to go to zero as "h" goes to zero. 
Removing the last fraction from our equation then, we have:
It can thus be shown that . That is, the derivative of the area function "A"("x") is the original function "f"("x"); or, the area function is simply an antiderivative of the original function. Computing the derivative of a function and “finding the area” under its curve are "opposite" operations. This is the crux of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Physical intuition.
Intuitively, the theorem simply states that the sum of infinitesimal changes in a quantity over time (or over some other variable) adds up to the net change in the quantity. 
Imagine for example using a stopwatch to mark-off tiny increments of time as a car travels down a highway. Imagine also looking at the car's speedometer as it travels, so that at every moment you know the velocity of the car. To understand the power of this theorem, imagine also that you are not allowed to look out the window of the car, so that you have no direct evidence of how far the car has traveled.
For any tiny interval of time in the car, you could calculate how far the car has traveled in that interval by multiplying the current speed of the car times the length of that tiny interval of time. (This is because "distance" = "speed" formula_5 "time".)
Now imagine doing this instant after instant, so that for every tiny interval of time you know how far the car has traveled. In principle, you could then calculate the "total" distance traveled in the car (even though you've never looked out the window) by simply summing-up all those tiny distances.
In other words,
On the right hand side of this equation, as formula_9 becomes infinitesimally small, the operation of "summing up" corresponds to integration. So what we've shown is that the integral of the velocity function can be used to compute how far the car has traveled. 
Now remember that the velocity function is simply the derivative of the position function. So what we have really shown is that integrating the velocity simply recovers the original position function. This is the basic idea of the Theorem: that "integration" and "differentiation" are closely related operations, each essentially being the inverse of the other. 
In other words, in terms of one's physical intuition, the theorem simply states that the sum of the changes in a quantity over time (such as "position", as calculated by multiplying "velocity" times "time") adds up to the total net change in the quantity. Or to put this more generally:
then the idea that "distance equals speed times time" corresponds to the statement
meaning that one can recover the original function formula_14 by integrating its derivative, the velocity formula_12, over formula_11.
Formal statements.
There are two parts to the theorem. Loosely put, the first part deals with the derivative of an antiderivative, while the second part deals with the relationship between antiderivatives and definite integrals.
First part.
This part is sometimes referred to as the first fundamental theorem of calculus.
Let "f" be a continuous real-valued function defined on a closed interval ["a", "b"]. Let "F" be the function defined, for all "x" in ["a", "b"], by
Then, "F" is continuous on ["a", "b"], differentiable on the open interval and
for all "x" in ("a", "b").
Alternatively, if "f" is merely Riemann integrable, then "F" is continuous on ["a", "b"] (but not necessarily differentiable).
Corollary.
The fundamental theorem is often employed to compute the definite integral of a function "f" for which an antiderivative "F" is known. Specifically, if "f" is a real-valued continuous function on and "F" is an antiderivative of "f" in then
The corollary assumes continuity on the whole interval. This result is strengthened slightly in the following part of the theorem.
Second part.
This part is sometimes referred to as the second fundamental theorem of calculus or the Newton–Leibniz axiom.
Let "f" and "F" be real-valued functions defined on a closed interval ["a", "b"] such that the derivative of "F" is "f". That is, "f" and "F" are functions such that for all "x" in 
If "f" is Riemann integrable on then
The Second part is somewhat stronger than the Corollary because it does not assume that "f" is continuous.
When an antiderivative "F" exists, then there are infinitely many antiderivatives for "f", obtained by adding to "F" an arbitrary constant. Also, by the first part of the theorem, antiderivatives of "f" always exist when "f" is continuous.
Proof of the first part.
For a given "f"("t"), define the function "F"("x") as
For any two numbers "x"1 and "x"1 + Δ"x" in ["a", "b"], we have
and
Subtracting the two equalities gives
It can be shown that
Manipulating this equation gives
Substituting the above into (1) results in
According to the mean value theorem for integration, there exists a real number formula_29 in ["x"1, "x"1 + Δ"x"] such that
To keep the notation simple we will continue writing "c" instead of formula_29 but one should keep in mind that "c" does depend on formula_32.
Substituting the above into (2) we get
Dividing both sides by Δ"x" gives
Take the limit as Δ"x" → 0 on both sides of the equation.
The expression on the left side of the equation is the definition of the derivative of "F" at "x"1.
To find the other limit, we use the squeeze theorem. The number "c" is in the interval ["x"1, "x"1 + Δ"x"], so "x"1 ≤ "c" ≤ "x"1 + Δ"x".
Also, formula_37 and formula_38
Therefore, according to the squeeze theorem,
Substituting into (3), we get
The function "f" is continuous at "c", so the limit can be taken inside the function. Therefore, we get
which completes the proof.
Proof of the corollary.
Suppose "F" is an antiderivative of "f", with "f" continuous on Let
By the "first part" of the theorem, we know "G" is also an antiderivative of "f". It follows by the mean value theorem that there is a number "c" such that , for all "x" in Letting , we have
which means In other words , and so
Proof of the second part.
This is a limit proof by Riemann sums.
Let "f" be (Riemann) integrable on the interval and let "f" admit an antiderivative "F" on Begin with the quantity . Let there be numbers "x"1, ..., "x""n" 
such that 
It follows that
Now, we add each "F"("x""i") along with its additive inverse, so that the resulting quantity is equal:
The above quantity can be written as the following sum:
Next, we employ the mean value theorem. Stated briefly,
Let "F" be continuous on the closed interval ["a", "b"] and differentiable on the open interval ("a", "b"). Then there exists some "c" in ("a", "b") such that
It follows that
The function "F" is differentiable on the interval therefore, it is also differentiable and continuous on each interval . According to the mean value theorem (above),
Substituting the above into (1), we get
The assumption implies formula_53 Also, formula_54 can be expressed as formula_32 of partition formula_56.
We are describing the area of a rectangle, with the width times the height, and we are adding the areas together. Each rectangle, by virtue of the Mean Value Theorem, describes an approximation of the curve section it is drawn over. Also formula_58 need not be the same for all values of "i", or in other words that the width of the rectangles can differ. What we have to do is approximate the curve with "n" rectangles. Now, as the size of the partitions get smaller and "n" increases, resulting in more partitions to cover the space, we get closer and closer to the actual area of the curve.
By taking the limit of the expression as the norm of the partitions approaches zero, we arrive at the Riemann integral. We know that this limit exists because "f" was assumed to be integrable. That is, we take the limit as the largest of the partitions approaches zero in size, so that all other partitions are smaller and the number of partitions approaches infinity.
So, we take the limit on both sides of (2). This gives us
Neither "F"("b") nor "F"("a") is dependent on formula_60, so the limit on the left side remains 
The expression on the right side of the equation defines the integral over "f" from "a" to "b". Therefore, we obtain
which completes the proof.
It almost looks like the first part of the theorem follows directly from the second. That is, suppose "G" is an antiderivative of "f". Then by the second theorem, formula_63. Now, suppose formula_64. Then "F" has the same derivative as "G", and therefore . This argument only works, however, if we already know that "f" has an antiderivative, and the only way we know that all continuous functions have antiderivatives is by the first part of the Fundamental Theorem.
For example if then "f" has an antiderivative, namely
and there is no simpler expression for this function. It is therefore important not to interpret the second part of the theorem as the definition of the integral. Indeed, there are many functions that are integrable but lack antiderivatives that can be written as an elementary function. Conversely, many functions that have antiderivatives are not Riemann integrable (see Volterra's function).
Examples.
As an example, suppose the following is to be calculated:
Here, formula_67 and we can use formula_68 as the antiderivative. Therefore:
Or, more generally, suppose that
is to be calculated. Here, formula_71 and formula_72 can be used as the antiderivative. Therefore:
Or, equivalently,
Generalizations.
We don't need to assume continuity of "f" on the whole interval. Part I of the theorem then says: if "f" is any Lebesgue integrable function on and "x"0 is a number in such that "f" is continuous at "x"0, then
is differentiable for with We can relax the conditions on "f" still further and suppose that it is merely locally integrable. In that case, we can conclude that the function "F" is differentiable almost everywhere and almost everywhere. On the real line this statement is equivalent to Lebesgue's differentiation theorem. These results remain true for the Henstock–Kurzweil integral, which allows a larger class of integrable functions .
In higher dimensions Lebesgue's differentiation theorem generalizes the Fundamental theorem of calculus by stating that for almost every "x", the average value of a function "f" over a ball of radius "r" centered at "x" tends to "f"("x") as "r" tends to 0.
Part II of the theorem is true for any Lebesgue integrable function "f", which has an antiderivative "F" (not all integrable functions do, though). In other words, if a real function "F" on admits a derivative "f"("x") at "every" point "x" of and if this derivative "f" is Lebesgue integrable on then
This result may fail for continuous functions "F" that admit a derivative "f"("x") at almost every point "x", as the example of the Cantor function shows. However, if "F" is absolutely continuous, it admits a derivative "F′"("x") at almost every point "x", and moreover "F′" is integrable, with equal to the integral of "F′" on Conversely, if "f" is any integrable function, then "F" as given in the first formula will be absolutely continuous with "F′" = "f" a.e.
The conditions of this theorem may again be relaxed by considering the integrals involved as Henstock–Kurzweil integrals. Specifically, if a continuous function "F"("x") admits a derivative "f"("x") at all but countably many points, then "f"("x") is Henstock–Kurzweil integrable and is equal to the integral of "f" on The difference here is that the integrability of "f" does not need to be assumed. 
The version of Taylor's theorem, which expresses the error term as an integral, can be seen as a generalization of the Fundamental Theorem.
There is a version of the theorem for complex functions: suppose "U" is an open set in C and is a function that has a holomorphic antiderivative "F" on "U". Then for every curve the curve integral can be computed as
The fundamental theorem can be generalized to curve and surface integrals in higher dimensions and on manifolds. One such generalization offered by the calculus of moving surfaces is the time evolution of integrals. The most familiar extensions of the Fundamental theorem of calculus in higher dimensions are the Divergence theorem and the Gradient theorem.
One of the most powerful statements in this direction is Stokes' theorem: Let "M" be an oriented piecewise smooth manifold of dimension "n" and let formula_78 be an "n"−1 form that is a compactly supported differential form on "M" of class C1. If ∂"M" denotes the boundary of "M" with its induced orientation, then
Here "d" is the exterior derivative, which is defined using the manifold structure only.
The theorem is often used in situations where "M" is an embedded oriented submanifold of some bigger manifold on which the form formula_78 is defined.

</doc>
<doc id="19468710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468710" title="Purchase price allocation">
Purchase price allocation

Purchase price allocation, or PPA, is an application of goodwill accounting whereby one company (the acquirer), when purchasing a second company (the target), allocates the purchase price into various assets and liabilities acquired from the transaction.
In the United States, the process of conducting a PPA is typically conducted in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ("FASB") Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 (revised 2007) “Business Combinations” (“SFAS 141r”) and SFAS 142 “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (“SFAS 142”). Effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009, the FASB "Accounting Standards Codification" ("ASC") reorganizes the FASB statements and represents a single authoritative source of U.S. accounting and reporting standards for nongovernmental entities. The set of guidelines prescribed by SFAS 141r are generally found in ASC Topic 805. Outside the United States, the International Accounting Standards Board governs the process through the issuance of IFRS 3.
Purchase price allocations are performed in conformity with the purchase method of merger and acquisition accounting. In the United States, a second method (known as the pooling or pooling-of-interests method) was discontinued after the issuance of the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 “Business Combinations” (“SFAS 141”) and SFAS 142.
Example.
A company wishes to acquire a particular target company for a variety of reasons. After much negotiation, a purchase price of $30B is agreed upon by both sides. As of the acquisition date, the target company reported net identifiable assets of $8B on its own balance sheet. 
Before the target company can complete the acquisition, the target must appraise the assets and liabilities being acquired to determine their Fair Market Value ("FMV") -- the price a willing buyer would pay, and a willing seller would receive, through an arm's length transaction in a market with perfect information. The acquirer hires an appraisal firm (typically an external accounting firm or a valuation advisor) who reports that the FMV of the net assets is $24B.
The figure below walks through the difference between the three values ($8B, $24B, and $30B).
The difference between the $8 and $24 is $16B in write-up -- the values of the net identifiable assets are in effect increased to 3 times the value reported on the original balance sheet. The difference between the $24B and $30B is $6B in goodwill acquired through the transaction—the excess of the purchase price paid over the FMV of the net identifiable assets acquired.
Finally, the acquirer adds both the value of the written-up assets ($24B) as well as the goodwill ($6B) onto the balance sheet, for a total of $30B in new net assets on the acquirer's balance sheet. 
Collectively, the process of conducting the appraisal, reporting the FMV of the assets and liabilities, the allocation of the net identifiable assets from the old balance sheet price to the FMV, and the determination of the goodwill in the transaction, is referred to as the PPA process. Note that a purchase price may be less than the target's balance sheet value for a variety of reasons, which can lend itself to a write-down of net assets.
The process of valuing goodwill, while a component of the PPA process, is governed through goodwill accounting.

</doc>
<doc id="19468780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468780" title="John Dumphreys">
John Dumphreys

John Molesworth Thomas Dumphreys (24 December 1844 – 18 December 1925) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected Member of Parliament for Bermondsey in a 1909 by-election, but weeks later lost the seat to the Liberals at the January 1910 General Election. 
Dumphreys was born in Bermondsey in 1844. Of humble origins, he worked as a journeyman leather dresser. He was active in local politics most of his adult life, elected to the Borough Council, the School Board and County Council. He had also stood in Birmingham West in 1885, against Joseph Chamberlain, on a Fair Trade platform. He was something of a rarity, in being a "Conservative working man." In 1907 he became Mayor of Bermondsey. He was a supporter of Tariff Reform.
Aged almost 65, he was selected as Conservative candidate for the by-election caused by the death of the sitting Liberal MP George Joseph Cooper. The seat had alternated between Liberal and Conservative in recent elections, although the Liberals had secured a convincing victory in 1906. 
Dumphreys was critical of the Liberal government's failure to act on the recommendation of the Poor Law Commission, which had been initiated by the previous Conservative government. In particular, he pressed for wholesale reform of the workhouse system, for better treatment of the deserving poor, and removal of the taint of pauper from children. "For every child a chance" was his philosophy.
After a good-natured contest, Dumphreys was elected on 28 October 1909 with a majority of 987 votes over the Liberal candidate, Mr. Spencer Leigh Hughes, with the Labour candidate, Dr. Alfred Salter, securing 16% of the vote. However, polling day had been marred by two women attacking polling stations, smashing bottles containing corrosive liquid over ballot boxes, in an attempt to destroy votes. A presiding officer, Mr. Thornley, was badly injured in one of these attacks, and a Liberal agent suffered a severe burn to the neck. The count was delayed while ballot papers were carefully examined, but it was determined that only two votes had been destroyed.
Dumphreys had little time to enjoy his victory, or to make much impact in the House of Commons. Parliament was dissolved in December 1909, and in the ensuing General Election, he was beaten by 969 votes in a straight fight by the new Liberal candidate Harold Glanville. Dumphreys thereby became one of the shortest-serving MPs in history. He tried to regain the seat in the December 1910 election, but was defeated by a wider margin, and never stood for Parliament again. 
Dumphreys was the last Conservative MP for Bermondsey. His Labour opponent in the by-election, Dr. Alfred Salter eventually won the seat for Labour in 1922, and the seat became a Labour Party stronghold, until another by-election in 1983, when another Liberal candidate by the name of "Mr. S. Hughes" scored a notable victory.
Dumphreys died at Manor Park, London in 1925, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="19468781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468781" title="Second Story Press">
Second Story Press

Second Story Press is a Canadian book publishing company located in Toronto. Its titles include the 
international bestseller "Hana's Suitcase", about Hana Brady, which has been published in over forty countries around the world. The company is concerned with feminism, focusing on books featuring strong female characters and exploring themes of social justice, human rights, and ability issues. 
Margie Wolfe, who co-founded the company with three other women in 1988, is Publisher, Owner, and President. Authors published by Second Story Press include Rachna Gilmore, Kathy Kacer, Karen Levine, Kathleen McDonnell, Ami Sands Brodoff and Kathy Stinson. Second Story publishes both the Women's Hall of Fame series and the Holocaust Remembrace series of books for children. 
Second Story Press is a member of the Association of Canadian Publishers, the Organization of Book Publishers of Ontario, and the Canadian Children's Book Centre. It also receives funding from the Canada Council for the Arts and the Ontario Arts Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19468836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468836" title="Upsilon (disambiguation)">
Upsilon (disambiguation)

Upsilon or Ypsilon is a Greek letter.
May refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19468839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468839" title="Quebec City Amiral SC">
Quebec City Amiral SC

Quebec City Amiral SC is a Canadian soccer club, founded in 2008 in the province of Québec. The women’s team is a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League, the second tier of women’s soccer in the United States and Canada. The team debuted in the Great Lakes Division of the Central Conference against teams from Hamilton, Laval, London, Ottawa, Rochester and Toronto.
The team's colours are black and white. Quebec City Amiral SC play the home games at the Collège François-Xavier-Garneau stadium in Quebec City.
History.
Quebec City Amiral SC is founded in 2008 by four promoters: Samir Ghrib, David Desloges, Stéphane Alain and Maxime Barabé. The presentation of team's colors shirts and the nomination of a general manager takes place on September 24, 2009. The new team is consist a non-profit organization from the Association Régionale de Soccer de Québec (ARSQ). The team created to ensure the development of regional soccer in the Quebec city and Chaudière-Appalaches region.
Name change.
The original name for the franchise was the Arsenal SC, however, lawyers representing the English club Arsenal F.C. demanded that the team change its name, because they hold exclusive rights for that trademark in Canada 
Rivalries.
Amiral SC have a big rivalry with Laval Comets. Several former players of Comets play now for the Amiral SC. In matches between the two teams, it is not uncommon for supporters to travel Quebec city-Montreal or Montreal-Quebec city to go to encourage her teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19468841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468841" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 52 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19468851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468851" title="English National Association">
English National Association

The English National Association (ENA) was a political group active in the United Kingdom during the Second World War. It was accused of having fascist sympathies.
Formed by John Webster in 1942, the ENA was led by Edward Godfrey, a former member of the British Union of Fascists who had served under Admiral Sir Barry Domvile in the Royal Navy. The ENA, which sought to regroup former members of the British Union of Fascists, was originally called the British National Party (BNP). The group was funded by the Duke of Bedford, a veteran supporter of right-wing movements, most notably the British Peoples Party. Calling for a negotiated peace, the group attempted to march on the Cenotaph in 1942 but the demonstration was banned by the authorities and the group came under suspicion. The BNP, which emphasised anti-Semitism, initially gained some support and not long after its foundation claimed to have 50 branches across the country. It also enjoyed the support of a number of right-wing journals, such as those of Captain Bernard Acworth and Joseph Ball, as well as the backing of the British League of Ex-Servicemen and Women, a group that had been associated with the BUF and which was later taken over by Jeffrey Hamm. William Craven, a farm worker from Gloucester who was sentenced to life imprisonment for twice writing to government agencies of Nazi Germany to offer his services, was also a BNP member following his expulsion from the BUF for extremism.
In order to avoid the attentions of the government Godfrey disbanded the BNP in 1943 before recreating the group immediately as the ENA. Like most groups in existence at the time however many supporters were loath to join as they feared that active groups were too easily infiltrated by MI5. Before long Webster had left to form his own English Legion and they did not survive the war.
The group contested the 1943 Acton by-election with Godfrey officially running as independent, although he finished bottom of the poll with 258 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19468854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468854" title="Roll On (Kid Rock song)">
Roll On (Kid Rock song)

"Roll On" is the fourth single from Kid Rock's triple-platinum album "Rock n Roll Jesus". It was shipped to radio on September 23, 2008. The song failed to chart in the United States. In Germany it peaked at No. 59. The video of the song was very successful on the VH1 weekly Top 20 countdown, peaking at No. 4.
Content.
The song deals with Kid Rock coming to terms with himself aging and talks of enjoying the time he has left with his family. It is an acoustic country ballad with gospel vocals provided by Jessica Wagner. The song incorporates jazz with a long saxophone solo by David McMurray.
Critical reception.
"Billboard" described the song as "a soulful high-water mark", and it has also been described as "Motown-influenced".
Music video.
The music video was shot for it in August 2008 in Detroit, including at the Motown Historical Museum. The video features landmarks such as Tiger Stadium, Comerica Park, Lafayette Coney Island and the Uniroyal Tire near I-94. Kid Rock said, with respect to the video, that he "really wanted to capture the heart and soul of Detroit."

</doc>
<doc id="19468855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468855" title="David Mateos">
David Mateos

David Mateos Ramajo (born 22 April 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC in Hungary, as a central defender.
Club career.
Real Madrid.
Born in Madrid, Mateos joined Real Madrid's youth system at the age of 12. In the 2007–08 season he made his senior debuts, playing that and the following two years with the B-team in the third division.
In late January 2010 Mateos was called to the main squad by Manuel Pellegrini, for a La Liga match against Deportivo de La Coruña. On 3 April of the same year he also made the final list for the game against Racing de Santander, but failed to leave the bench on either occasion.
During the 2010–11 pre-season Real Madrid's first-team coach, José Mourinho, said:
The coach's statements instigated Real Madrid to sign the player to a professional contract and, subsequently, Mateos was called for the first match of the season against RCD Mallorca. After the departure of Rafael van der Vaart and Royston Drenthe to Tottenham Hotspur and Hércules CF respectively he was promoted to the first team, being awarded the number 15 shirt previously worn by the latter.
On 23 November 2010 Mateos made his official debut for Real Madrid, against AFC Ajax in the season's UEFA Champions League, playing ten minutes in the 4–0 away win. After the match, he said: "I will never forget this day."
On 29 January 2011 AEK Athens F.C. signed Mateos on a six-month loan contract, with the Greek side having an option to retain the player for an extra year. He didn't manage to earn the a place in AEK Athens' basic formation, as he was a substitute of Kostas Manolas, Traianos Dellas and Sanel Jahić. He ended the season having 10 appiarances for the Greek Superleague. In the summer, his ex-coach in AEK Athens, Manuel Jimenez brought Mateos to Real Zaragoza in the same predicament, making his top flight debut on 11 September in a 0–0 draw at Rayo Vallecano, but having the season marred by injuries overall.
In late June 2012, Mateos accepted a return to Castilla for the 2012–13 season, after the reserves promoted to the second level after an absence of five years.
Ferencváros.
On 2 September 2013, Mateos signed for Hungarian side Ferencvárosi TC.

</doc>
<doc id="19468857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468857" title="Porphy no Nagai Tabi">
Porphy no Nagai Tabi

It premiered across Japan from 6 January 2008 on TV Tokyo broadcast satellite network, and also aired in Japan on Animax. It spanned 52 episodes.
Plot.
Focuses on features a Greek boy named Porphyras Patagos (more fondly known as Porphy) and his sister Mina, who have been orphaned after a devastating earthquake which destroyed their home in Greece. The two decide to travel through Europe in search of a new home.

</doc>
<doc id="19468940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468940" title="SailFin">
SailFin

SailFin is an open-source Java application server project led by Sun Microsystems. It implements the JCP SIP Servlet 1.1 (JSR 289) specification integrated with the open-source Java EE application server GlassFish.
SailFin effectively extends the GlassFish application server to meet the needs of communication and multimedia applications. By leveraging GlassFish as a basis, SailFin offers management, HA and clustering features along with the performance and scale to meet critical service-deployments.
SailFin, based on code donated to open source by Sun, Oracle Corporation, and Ericsson, was launched at Java ONE in May 2007. Sun also offers commercial support for SailFin under the product name "Sun GlassFish Communications Server".

</doc>
<doc id="19468941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468941" title="Balance of nature">
Balance of nature

The balance of nature is a theory that proposes that ecological systems are usually in a stable equilibrium (homeostasis), which is to say that a small change in some particular parameter (the size of a particular population, for example) will be corrected by some negative feedback that will bring the parameter back to its original "point of balance" with the rest of the system. It may apply where populations depend on each other, for example in predator/prey systems, or relationships between herbivores and their food source. It is also sometimes applied to the relationship between the Earth's ecosystem, the composition of the atmosphere, and the world's weather.
The Gaia hypothesis is a balance of nature-based theory that suggests that the Earth and its ecology may act as co-ordinated systems in order to maintain the balance of nature.
The theory that nature is permanently in balance has been largely discredited, as it has been found that chaotic changes in population levels are common, but nevertheless the idea continues to be popular.
During the later half of the twentieth century the theory was superseded by Catastrophe theory and Chaos theory.
History of the theory.
The concept is not very old; Nathaniel Esguerra described the relationship between predator and prey species, and commented on how they were in an essentially static balance, with predators never excessively consuming their prey populations. The "balance of nature" concept once ruled ecological research, as well as once governing the management of natural resources. This led to a doctrine popular among some conservationists that nature was best left to its own devices, and that human intervention into it was by definition unacceptable.
Predator prey interactions.
Predator-prey populations tend to show chaotic behavior within limits, where the sizes of populations change in a way that may appear random, but is in fact obeying deterministic laws based only on the relationship between a population and its food source illustrated by the Lotka–Volterra equation. An experimental example of this was shown in an eight year study on small Baltic Sea creatures such as plankton, which were isolated from the rest of the ocean. Each member of the food web was shown to take turns multiplying and declining, even though the scientists kept the outside conditions constant. An article in "Journal Nature" stated; "Advanced mathematical techniques proved the indisputable presence of chaos in this food web ... short-term prediction is possible, but long-term prediction is not."
Human intervention.
Although some conservationist organizations argue that human activity is incompatible with a balanced ecosystem, there are numerous examples in history showing that several modern day habitats originate from human activity: some of Latin America's rain forests owe their existence to humans planting and transplanting them, while the abundance of grazing animals in the Serengeti plain of Africa is thought by some ecologists to be partly due to human-set fires that created savanna habitats.
Possibly one of the best examples of an ecosystem fundamentally modified by human activity can be observed as a consequence of the Australian Aboriginal practice of "Fire-stick farming". The legacy of this practice over long periods has resulted in forests being converted to grasslands capable of sustaining larger populations of faunal prey, particularly in the northern and western regions of the continent. So thorough has been the effect of these deliberate regular burnings that many plant and tree species from affected regions have now completely adapted to the annual fire regime in that they require the passage of a fire before their seeds will even germinate.
Continued popularity of the theory.
Despite being discredited among ecologists, the theory is widely held to be true in the wider population: a report written by psychologist Corinne Zimmerman of Illinois State University and ecologist Kim Cuddington of Ohio University demonstrated that at least in Midwestern America, the "balance of nature" idea is widely held among both science majors and the general student population.

</doc>
<doc id="19468948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468948" title="1975 Winchester 400">
1975 Winchester 400

The 1975 Winchester 400 motor race, the sixth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on September 28, 1975, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Bob Senneker of Dorr, Michigan became the first driver to win the Winchester 400 in consecutive years. He grabbed the lead for the third and final time on lap 262 from southern standout Harry Gant. Art Sommers finished in the second position with Randy Sweet, Tom Maier, and Carl Smith rounding out the top-five finishers.
The race.
Larry Moore of Dayton, Ohio was the fastest competitor in qualifying as he turned a lap of 17.272 seconds (104.155 MPH). Moore leaped out to the early lead in the 200-mile event with Senneker close behind followed by Maier, Vern Schrock, and Rodney Combs.
Senneker ducked past Moore for the lead following the first of the 13 caution periods that would slow the race. On the 50th lap, front-running Roger Herp spun collecting Rick Knotts, Bruce Gould, and the second-place running machine of Moore. Senneker was able to squeeze through the incident, but lost the lead to Maier with Sweet moving into the runner-up spot. Sweet passed Maier on lap 88 to take the lead, but immediately dropped off the pace the next lap putting Maier back in front. Gant took the race lead for the first time on lap 95.
Gant would opt for fresh tires during a caution on lap 114, giving the lead to Sommers. Senneker moved back in front on the 142nd lap and would hold the position until making his second stop on lap 237. The handed the lead back to Gant, but all eyes were on Senneker as he charged back to the lead on lap 262 and pulled away from all competitors. At the checkers, Senneker was five laps ahead of second-place finisher Sommers. Sweet was another lap back in third with Tom Maier receiving relief help from Moore to take fourth and Carl Smith in fifth. Senneker collected nearly $8,000 for his second-straight win in the fall classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19468990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19468990" title="Geumbak">
Geumbak

Geumbak is a Korean traditional craft for applying extremely thin gold leaf on hanbok, or other fabrics for decoration. Artisans who specialize in the technique are called "geumbakjang" (금박장) and among them, Kim Deokhwan (김덕환, 金德煥) has been designated as the title holder of the 119th Important Intangible Cultural Property asset.

</doc>
<doc id="19469008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469008" title="William Newton (architect)">
William Newton (architect)

William Newton (1730–1798) was an English architect who worked mainly in Newcastle on Tyne and the North East of England.
He was the son of Robert Newton, a builder. He married Dorothy Bell and lived for 28 years at 1, Charlotte Square, Newcastle.
His work includes:-

</doc>
<doc id="19469009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469009" title="Alane (song)">
Alane (song)

"Alane" is a song recorded by Cameroonian artist Wes. It was released in May 1997 as the debut single from his album "Welenga". It became a hit, topping the charts in France, Belgium, Austria and the Netherlands. It is sung in the Duala language of Cameroon.
In France, the song was sponsored by TF1, Fun Radio, RTL and the Malongo Coffees, while the choreography was created by French-born singer Mia Frye. The single remained in the top 50 for 25 weeks, ten of them at the top, and is to date the 18th best-selling single of all time in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19469033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469033" title="Vettangudi Bird Sanctuary">
Vettangudi Bird Sanctuary

Vettangudi Bird Sanctuary is a protected area, declared in June 1977 near Thirupattur in the Sivaganga District that includes the periya kollukudi patti, chinna kollukudi patti, and vettangudi patti irrigation tanks.
Fauna.
This area of small drainage basins attracts more than 8,000 winter migratory birds belonging to 217 species, mostly from European and North Asian countries. It is a breeding habitat for Grey Herons, Darters, Spoonbills, white ibis, Asian Openbill Stork, and Night Herons. It has also attracted indigenous endangered species including Painted Stork, Grey Heron, Darter, Little Cormorant, Little Egret, Intermediate Egret, Cattle Egret, Common Teal, Spotbills, pintail, and flamingos.

</doc>
<doc id="19469060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469060" title="Bar Wars (TV series)">
Bar Wars (TV series)

Bar Wars was a short-lived reality TV show produced by Endemol UK and broadcast by Channel 4 in the autumn of 2001. It was broadcast for three nights a week on E4 with a highlights programme on Friday night on the main channel.
The show took the form of a contest between two teams of 5 one all male the other all female to see who could run the most profitable bar in the Greek resort of Kavos. The winning team overall would win the takings of both bars. At the end of the week the losing team that week had to sack a team member in an open discussion. A new worker would then be introduced by the producers.
The girls won the contest and controversially decided not to share the prize with the previously sacked members some of whom had worked longer than members of the final five.
The series was not a ratings success, the highlights show appearing progressively later in the schedules as it went on. It has not been revived though similarities in the format were obvious in ITV's The Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19469070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469070" title="National Public Lands Day">
National Public Lands Day

National Public Lands Day is celebrated annually at public lands in the United States on a Saturday in late September. A signature event of the National Environmental Education Foundation, it promotes both popular enjoyment and volunteer conservation of public lands.
Three federal agencies and 700 volunteers launched the first National Public Lands Day in 1994. By 2010, participation grew to 170,000 volunteers at over 2,000 sites across the country, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. In addition to National Public Lands Day being a fee-free day (free entry day) at many federally managed lands, volunteers who participate at federal land sites are rewarded with coupons for free entry into their favorite federal public land areas that have entrance fees.
The 2008 event featured an initiative to plant one million trees in honor of the 75th anniversary of the Civilian Conservation Corps. This goal was exceeded, with more than 1.6 million trees planted.
The 2009 event featured a preview of "", which began airing the next night on PBS stations nationwide. The preview was sent to each national park on DVD and aired in their visitor center auditoriums.
The 2011 National Public Lands Day event occurred on September 24 of that year. The 2012 event is scheduled for September 29. Those interested in volunteering can visit www.publiclandsday.org to find a site. Public land managers can go to the website to register a volunteer event.

</doc>
<doc id="19469078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469078" title="Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The men's 100 metre freestyle was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which had not been featured at the 1900 Games. The competition was held on Saturday July 19, 1924 and on Sunday July 20, 1924.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1924 Summer Olympics.
"(*)" Duke Kahanamoku swam 1:00.4 minutes in the first final, which was ordered to re-swim. In the second final he recorded 1:01.4, the same time as six days earlier in the semi-final.
In the second semi-final Johnny Weissmuller set a new Olympic record with 1:00.8 minutes. In the final he bettered his record with a time of 59.0 seconds
Results.
Heats.
The fastest cocknobs in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Heat 5
Heat 6
Semifinals.
The fastest two in each semi-final and the faster of the two third-placed swimmer advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2

</doc>
<doc id="19469101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469101" title="Giolla Críost Brúilingeach">
Giolla Críost Brúilingeach

Giolla Críost Brúilingeach (fl. 1440) was a noted Scottish harper and poets. He was mentioned in the "Book of the Dean of Lismore", which possibly identifies him with Leim of Gigha, and with the MacBhreatnaigh (Galbraiths) of that island.
His poetry includes Scottish and Irish subjects, including one to Conochobar Óg MacDiarmada of Moylurg (1458), a chief in Connacht, requesting a new harp as a fee.

</doc>
<doc id="19469129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469129" title="Karlshochschule International University">
Karlshochschule International University

The Karlshochschule International University (formerly known as Merkur International University of Applied Sciences) is a state approved private owned business school in the City of Karlsruhe, Germany. As a University of Applied Sciences, the courses are rated undergraduate, a consecutive master program will start in 2009. The Business School focuses on international markets and inter-cultural collaboration in Business. Since 2009, Karlshochschule is owned by a non-commercial foundation and the Karlsruhe Chamber of Industry an Commerce (6%).
History.
In 1903, the Merkur Akademie (M.A.I.) was founded. In 1992 the first Bachelor Programs were started. In 2004 "Merkur Internationale Fachhochschule - University of Applied Sciences" was founded and state approved, starting the first programs in 2005. On May 27, 2009 “Merkur Internationale Fachhochschule” was renamed to Karlshochschule International University.
Programs.
In 2009 programs were accredited by FIBAA.
Partner Universities (Excerpt).
Australia:
Belgium:
China:
Finnland:
France:
Georgian Republic:
Canada:
New Zealand:
Russia:
Spain:
Turkey:
UK:
USA:

</doc>
<doc id="19469134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469134" title="Unseen Academicals">
Unseen Academicals

Unseen Academicals is the 37th novel in Terry Pratchett's "Discworld" series. The novel satirises football (soccer), and features Mustrum Ridcully setting up an Unseen University football (soccer) team, with the Librarian in goal. It includes new details about "below stairs" life at the university. The book introduces several new characters, including Trevor Likely, a street urchin with a wonderful talent for kicking a tin can; Glenda Sugarbean, a maker of "jolly good" pies; Juliet Stollop, a dim but beautiful young woman who might just turn out to be the greatest fashion model there has ever been; and the mysterious Mr Nutt, a cultured, enigmatic, idealistic savant.
According to the publisher, Transworld, the "on sale" date for the hardback was October 1, 2009 although the official publication date is October 8, 2009. Borders bookshop chain included a small set of exclusive Discworld football cards with each book.
The title is a play on the names of rugby and football teams in the UK who have or have had a connection to educational institutions, examples being Hamilton Academical and Edinburgh Academicals.
Synopsis.
"Unseen Academicals" tells the story of the faculty of Unseen University being forced to choose between (only) three meals a day and playing a game of football, as tradition mandates the game in exchange for their large financial endowment by a wealthy family. The wizards soon learn that the local version of football (similar to the actual game of mob football) is very violent and deaths are common. Thus, in collaboration with the city's tyrant Lord Vetinari, they set out to make new 'official' football rules, which includes forbidding the use of hands and mandating the use of official footballs as opposed to the makeshift balls the street games use. The book includes a satirisation of the Mallard ceremony performed at All Souls College, Oxford
Parallel to this, the book tells the story of four young people. A candle dribbler named Mr. Nutt discovers that he is not what he thinks he is and must overcome the fear of his race, both by humans and by himself. He is also chosen to train the university's team for the big match. Trev Likely, who is Mr. Nutt's coworker and best friend, is the son of the Ankh-Morpork's most famous deceased footballer, but has promised his (late) dear old mum that he won't play. Glenda is a friend of Mr. Nutt and Trev, runs the Unseen University Night Kitchen, and bakes the Disc's best pies. Juliet works for Glenda, has a crush on Trev, is simple and beautiful, and daydreams about fashion. The four of them end up advising the wizards on their football endeavour, which culminates in an intense game between the Wizards and the former street footballers.
Film.
"Unseen Academicals" was to have been the fourth movie to be produced by SkyOne. It was due for production in 2011. However, production was pushed back to 2012 and it will be broadcast in 2013.
External links.
! colspan="3" | Novels by Terry Pratchett

</doc>
<doc id="19469175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469175" title="Architecture of Goan Catholics">
Architecture of Goan Catholics

The Architecture of Goan Catholics has strong Portuguese, Mughal, and Indian influences. Most of their houses standing today were built between the 18th century and the early part of the 20th century. They display a mix of neo-Classic and neo-Gothic styles. 
Design influences.
The following factors affected house design in Goa:
Exteriors.
The traditional pre-Portuguese homes were inward-looking with small windows; this reflected the secluded role of women. The houses opened into courtyards, and rarely opened onto streets. The Catholic houses built or refurbished between the middle of the 18th and the 20th centuries were more outward-looking and ornamental, with "balcões" (covered porches) and verandas facing the street. The large "balcões" had built-in seating, open to the street, where men and women could sit together and ‘see and be seen’, chat with their neighbours, or just enjoy the evening breeze. These "balcões" are bordered by ornamental columns that sometimes continued along the steps and added to the stature of the house. This, together with the plinth, which usually indicated the status of the owners. The houses of rich landlords had high plinths with grand staircases leading to the front door or "balcão".
Large ornamental windows with stucco mouldings open onto verandas. These may appear purely decorative, but have their origins in similar mouldings in the windows of Portuguese houses. There these elements of style were devices to help sailors identify their homes at a distance as they sailed in. The design is therefore an import but serves a similar purpose in Goa: to help construct the identity of the home. Windows gradually became more decorative, ornate, and expressive.
Front doors were flanked by columns or pilasters.
Railings were the most intricate embellishment in a Goan house. Pillars, piers, and colours do not seem to be influenced by any style in particular; rather they conform to a rather mixed bag of architectural styles.
Cornices.
Country tiles used as a corbel are a feature peculiar to Goa. The effect achieved is aesthetically pleasing, giving the roof projection a solid, moulded appearance.
Gateposts and Compound walls.
Gateways consisted of elaborately carved compound walls on either side of the gate posts.
Use of colour.
Dramatic and startling colour—initially achieved with vegetable and natural dyes—plays an important role in Goan architecture. Colour was decorative and used purely to create a sensation. With a colour wash, the house looked "dressed" and therefore displayed the economic well-being of the family that lived in it. Here art in architecture performed a social function. However, this was not completely a matter of individual choice, since during Portuguese rule the owner of the house could be fined if his house was not painted. 
The walls were made of mud and then later of laterite stone; they were usually plastered then painted. Very few buildings are coloured exactly alike and solid colours are used for front facades; interiors are usually in paler colours/white with solid color highlights. 
This rendering or piping in white is the result of the unwritten rule during the Portuguese occupation of Goa that no private house or building could be painted in white. Only churches and chapels enjoyed this privilege. It is understandable that Goan Christians followed this rule, as white was associated with the Virgin Mary and therefore the virtues of purity and chastity (both desirable in Goa), but, surprisingly, Goan Hindus also respected this practice. As a result of this code, an interesting and aesthetically pleasing trend developed, as competition among neighbours gave impetus to variety.
Interiors.
Most houses are symmetrical with the entrance door occupying the place of honour. Typically this front door leads to a foyer which then either leads to the "sala" (the main hall for entertaining a large number of guests) or the "sala de visita" (a smaller hall for entertaining a small number of guests) and in some cases the chapel in the house. From here one can also directly enter the rest of the house, which usually revolved around a courtyard. Typically the master bedroom opens into the "sala" or is close to it. The dining room is usually perpendicular to these rooms; the bedrooms flank the courtyard, and the kitchens and service areas are at the rear of the house. In the case of two-story houses, a staircase, either from the foyer or the dining room, leads to more bedrooms.
Consisting of humble burnt earth plastered over with cow dung and hay, or with elaborate patterns made with tiles imported from Europe, the floors in Goan houses have been both workplaces and statements.
Almost all Goan houses have a false ceiling of wood.
Churches.
The Portuguese regime, mandated the arrival of many Roman Catholic missionaries, particularly the Portuguese Jesuits, who were instrumental in building many churches in Goa. The Goan Catholic style of constructing churches thus came to be influenced by the Portuguese style. Notable are the Se Cathedral and Basilica of Bom Jesus.

</doc>
<doc id="19469188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469188" title="Rs4680">
Rs4680

In genetics, rs4680 (Val158Met) is a genetic variant.
It is a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the "COMT" gene that codes catechol-"O"-Methyltransferase.
The single nucleotide substitution between G--> A results in an amino acid change from valine to methionine at codon 158.
The A or Met allele is associated with lower enzymatic activity (due to thermoinstability), and with exploratory behaviour.
The polymorphism has been much studied in schizophrenia research but as of November 2011 meta-analysis in the "SzGene" database shows no or very little effect.
Several personality genetics studies have examined the association of the polymorphism with personality traits.

</doc>
<doc id="19469196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469196" title="Get Missouri Out Of The Mud">
Get Missouri Out Of The Mud

Get Missouri Out Of The Mud was the slogan of a 1920's campaign to pave and name the Missouri Supplemental Routes. Most of Missouri's lettered county highways are the result of this program, whose original purpose was to allow easier passage during winter and spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19469225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469225" title="Emergency medical services in Hong Kong">
Emergency medical services in Hong Kong

Emergency medical services in Hong Kong are provided by the Hong Kong Fire Service, in cooperation with two other voluntary organizations.
Organization.
The Hong Kong Fire Service is the statutory provider of emergency ambulance service in Hong Kong, as mandated by regulations from the Legislative Council. The service has a considerable history, but only amalgamated into a single unified service in 1979, when previous government ambulance operations were merged with those of the fire service. The service employs some 2200 people and operates approximately 256 emergency ambulances and 35 motorcycles from 36 depots, located strategically around the Hong Kong territory. In 2006, the service responded to more than 575,000 emergency calls, and transported approximately 514,000 people to hospital. In addition, the service operates a number of rapid response vehicles, and four heavy truck-based Mobile Treatment Centres. The service provides emergency transport to the 14 publicly operated Hong Kong Hospital Authority facilities which operate Accident and Emergency departments. The service follows the Anglo-American model (as opposed to the Franco-German model) of EMS service provision. It is rare to see a physician at the scene of an emergency. 
The statutory service is supplemented by two organizations - St. John Ambulance, a charity organization and the Auxiliary Medical Service, a government-run voluntary service. Both of these services focus primarily on providing coverage to special events, and on public education, although both have written agreements with the statutory service to provide additional ambulances during a disaster.
Air Ambulance.
In Hong Kong, all air ambulance service is provided by the Government Flying Service; a joint service providing aviation support to all departments of the government. The service operates from two bases (the current and former Hong Kong airports, Hong Kong International Airport and Kai-Tak Airport. While the service employs a number of different types of aircraft, those used for both air ambulance service and search and rescue service are primarily of the Puma and Super-Puma types. The physical terrain is such that most level areas are densely populated and heavily built up. As a result, air ambulance operations usually involve those communities which are isolated either in the mountains, or on offshore islands, with an occasional rescue at sea or medevac flight from a ship. It used to have ambulance crew with basic life support equipment from Hong Kong Fire Service Department (HKFSD) abroad when mission needed. Under the "Air Medical Officer" (AMO) programme, helicopters are equipped with advanced medical apparatus and medical personnel from GFS Auxiliary Section can administer emergency treatment in the air since 2000. GFS Auxiliary Section is a group of 24 volunteer doctors and 27 volunteer nurses from hospitals who specialised in Accident and Emergency (A&E) medicine. Enlisted as auxiliary officers, they operate as part of the aircrew on non-risky rescue missions during 09:30-18:30 at weekends (Fri-Mon) and public holidays when the majority of recreational accidents occur. This programme aims to provide a higher level of medical care to the injured right on the spot and during transit to hospital. During 2011, the flight doctors and nurses flew a total of 405 hours in 573 operations. Nowadays, the programme is not enough to support current heavy demand on air medical emergency basis 24x7, 365 days a year. In order to be qualified as flight paramedic, some of standing Air Crewman Officers (ACMO) is recently receiving pre-hospital care training from Hospital Authority (HA) as well as Hong Kong Fire Service Department.
Standards.
Vehicles.
The majority of ambulances in Hong Kong are originally of British design; a reflection of Hong Kong's long association with Britain. As a result, the design of the majority of ambulances approximately corresponds to the European Standard CEN 1789 as published by the European Committee for Standards with respect to vehicle design and equipment, although not with the visual identity provisions. Until recently, most vehicles corresponded with the European Class B design, although current vehicle acquisitions more closely resemble the Class C design. Given that Hong Kong has never been a member of the European Community, it appears likely that the approximate compliance is coincidental. In addition, the service operates a handful of vehicles for isolated areas where the full-sized ambulances have difficulty in travelling. These are known locally as 'village ambulances'. In terms of visual identity, all ambulances in Hong Kong are white in body colour, and are equipped with flashing blue lights and with sirens. The emergency ambulances operated by the Hong Kong Fire Service display red livery, while those of the voluntary agencies display green livery. All of the emergency ambulances of the Hong Kong Fire Service carry advanced life support (ALS) equipment, while those of the volunteer agencies do not. All Hong Kong ambulances carry Automatic External Defibrillators (AED).
Training and staffing.
Although the Hong Kong Fire Service maintains that its ambulances provide paramedic service, the current highest level of training is what most would recognize as a U.S. EMT-Intermediate level, including IV therapy, airway management using Combitube, defibrillation, and a limited range of drugs, given orally or by injection. The exact corresponding qualifications are the Canadian province of British Columbia's EMA 1 and 2 levels. New recruits for Ambulanceman/Ambulancewoman and Probationary Ambulance Officer undergo 26 weeks of training at the Hong Kong Fire Service Ambulance Command Training School (FSACTS) in Ma On Shan, NT. This provides them with an enhanced Basic Life Support level of training. An additional two weeks of training is provided to motorcycle operators. Once training is completed and a suitable amount of experience is obtained, the candidate will be provided with an additional six weeks of training, elevating them to the Intermediate level. This training is conducted in cooperation with the Justice Institute of British Columbia, and has been granted equivalency. Hong Kong has aspirations to offer full ALS services, and have recently completed a study of how such services are trained and provided internationally.
Dispatch.
As with many thing in Hong Kong, the dispatch of emergency vehicles continues to be influenced by the British legacy. The telephone number for emergency services throughout Hong Kong is 999, just as in Britain. All 999 calls are answered by the Hong Kong Police Force. If an ambulance is the only response required, the call is passed directly to Hong Kong Fire Services dispatchers. If the call information is complex, as with a traffic accident, the police dispatchers will notify the ambulance service when they suspect that ambulances might be required. Both ambulances and fire apparatus are co-dispatched by the Hong Kong Fire Service dispatchers. The system operates technologies and decision support software that are approximately equivalent with those found in Europe and North America.
Response times.
The objective of the Hong Kong Fire Service is to have an ambulance on the scene of an emergency within twelve minutes of receiving the request, 24 hours per day. They are currently achieving that objective on more than 93 percent of all emergency calls. The current dispatch system in Hong Kong does not categorize ambulance calls by medical acuity, although there are plans to introduce this measure in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="19469229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469229" title="Jersey Shore Breeders' Cup Stakes">
Jersey Shore Breeders' Cup Stakes

The Jersey Shore Breeders' Cup Stakes is an American Grade III Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey. Open to three-year-olds, it is a six furlong sprint raced on dirt. 
Inaugurated in 1992 at the Atlantic City Race Course, the Jersey Shore Stakes was moved to Monmouth Park in 1997 and won that year by Smoke Glacken. 
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a jockey:

</doc>
<doc id="19469242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469242" title="Royal Norfolk Show">
Royal Norfolk Show

The Royal Norfolk Show (more simply the Norfolk Show) is an annual agricultural show, and is held by the Royal Norfolk Agricultural Association. It is the largest 2 day agricultural show in England, and has been held almost every year since 1847. Shows were not held in 1866, 1911, 1934 and 1957. Up until 1953, the show was held at various sites around Norfolk, although it has since been held at a permanent site near Costessey, Norwich, Norfolk.
The show tends to be held on the Wednesday and Thursday in week 26 of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19469257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469257" title="Juan Enrique García">
Juan Enrique García

Juan Enrique García Rivas (born April 16, 1970 in Bolívar) is a Venezuelan football striker. He currently plays for Zulia. He is the all-time leading goalscorer in the Venezuelan Primera División, and has been league top scorer in five different seasons (also a record).
Career.
García played for a number of different clubs in Venezuela. He started his career with Minervén in 1988. In 1996, he joined Caracas FC where he was part of the championship winning squad. The following season he joined Zulia where he won another league championship.
In 1999, he returned to Caracas FC where he became the top scorer in Venezuelan football for the first time. In the 2001–02 season he won another league title with Deportivo Táchira and claimed his second topscorer award. He was topscorer again in the following two seasons with Monagas and Mineros.
For the 2005–06 season, he returned to Deportivo Táchira where he became topscorer for the fifth time.
In 2007, he had a brief spell with Deportivo Pasto of Colombia
García played 47 times for the Venezuela national team between 1993 and 2004, scoring 7 goals. He was included in three Copa América squads in 1993, 1995 and 1999. He also played in World Cup Qualifiers for the 1994, 1998, 2002 and 2006 World Cups.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19469265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469265" title="2008 Tashkent Open">
2008 Tashkent Open

The 2008 Tashkent Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 10th edition of the Tashkent Open, and was part of the Tier IV Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. It took place at the Tashkent Tennis Center in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, from September 29 through October 5, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19469290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469290" title="Pucará de Tilcara">
Pucará de Tilcara

The Pucará de Tilcara is a pre-Inca fortification or "pucará" located on a hill just outside the small town of Tilcara, in the Argentine province of Jujuy. The location was strategically chosen to be easily defensible and to provide good views over a long stretch of the Quebrada de Humahuaca.
The Pucará de Tilcara was declared a National Monument in 2000. It has been partially rebuilt, and is the only publicly accessible archaeological site in the Quebrada de Humahuaca.
History.
Traces of human habitation in the area date back more than 10,000 years. The fortified town was originally built by the Omaguaca tribe, who settled in the area around the 12th century. Experts in agriculture, weaving and pottery, they were also renowned warriors. During their time, the pucará served as an important administrative and military center.
At its peak, the pucará covered up to about and housed over 2,000 inhabitants, living in small square stone buildings with low doorways and no windows. Besides living quarters, the pucará contained corrals for animals, sites to perform religious ceremonies and burial sites.
In the late 15th century, the tribes of the Quebrada were finally conquered by the Incas under Tupac Inca Yupanqui, who used the pucará as a military outpost and to secure the supply of metals such as silver, zinc and copper which were mined nearby.
The Incan domination of the area only lasted for about half a century, and ended with the arrival of the Spanish in 1536, who founded the modern town of Tilcara in 1586.
Recent history.
Rediscovery.
In 1908, the ethnographer Juan Bautista Ambrosetti of the University of Buenos Aires and his student Salvador Debenedetti rediscovered the site and catalogued over 3,000 artifacts during their first three years of digging. Starting in 1911 they began to clear about and rebuild some of the structures. In 1948 Eduardo Casanova took over and oversaw the opening of the site as an archaeological museum in 1966. Excavation and rebuilding efforts are still governed by the University of Buenos Aires.
Museum.
The museum contains 10 rooms, of which three are for temporary exhibitions, a library and administrative offices. The seven permanent rooms display over 5,000 valuable historical pieces from various Indian cultures. Among the most valuable is a mummified body discovered fully clothed in an excellent state of preservation in the Atacama Desert. However, this is no longer being exhibited.
Botanical garden.
A small botanical garden with cactus species native to the area, located next to the pucará, is also worth visiting.

</doc>
<doc id="19469301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469301" title="Commonweal Theatre Company">
Commonweal Theatre Company

The Commonweal Theatre Company is a professional theatre company in Lanesboro, Minnesota (pop. 788). Established in 1989 by Eric Bunge, Scott Olson and Scott Putman, the company's season runs April to December and comprises five plays chosen from among classic, contemporary, and emerging playwrights. Due to the Scandinavian influence in southeast Minnesota, the Commonweal produces the works of Henrik Ibsen annually, and remains the only theatre company in North America with such a commitment.
Company Structure.
The Commonweal is an artist-run company, with a "Resident Ensemble" of members living in the Lanesboro area. This group provides the day-to-day artistic and operational needs of the company as artist/administrators. The company also employs Seasonal Company members, college interns, and, since 2008, an Apprentice Company.
History.
The Commonweal Theatre was founded in 1989 by Eric Lorentz Bunge, Scott Olson, and Scott Putman at the request of the Lanesboro Art Council. The first season of the company was eleven weeks long and employed ten artists who presented Crimes of the Heart and A Midsummer Night’s Dream.
In 1991, the company launched its student matinee program, and in 1992 began its high school conservatory program, a two-week, intensive immersion in theatre training for area high school students. In 1993, the company moved to a rotating repertory season schedule. By 1994 the production season extended to December.
In 1997, in association with Winona State University, the theatre added an Elderhostel program.
In 2008, the company added the first ever Apprentice Company, bringing five young professional theatre artists to the Lanesboro area to act, direct, and become more familiar with the company's structure.
Currently, Hal Cropp serves as the company's Executive Director and Adrienne Sweeney serves as Assistant Artistic Director.
New Theatre.
The 200-seat Commonweal Theatre opened in July 2007, located on Lanesboro’s main street. The exterior façade, created by Minnesota artist Karl Unnasch, recreates three Lanesboro shop fronts. The interior design focuses on the natural beauty and history of the region with barn doors acting as bathroom stalls, stone walls mirroring the surrounding bluffs, concrete floors reflecting the building’s prior life as a cheese factory, and seats reclaimed from the original Guthrie Theater.
Ibsen Festival.
The Commonweal is the only theatre in North America annually producing the works of Henrik Ibsen. Since 1998, the company has opened each season with an Ibsen play and celebrates this tradition with The Ibsen Festival. The festival includes Scandinavian art, food, music, culture and, of course, theatre. Every other year, the company tours an Ibsen production throughout the region.
2013 season.
"A Doll's House" by Henrik Ibsen; adapted for the Commonweal by Jeffrey Hatcher --
"Blithe Spirit" by Noel Coward --
"Sherlock Holmes: The Final Adventure" by Stephen Dietz --
"The Memory of Water" by Shelagh Stephenson --
"The Last Night of Ballyhoo" by Alfred Uhry

</doc>
<doc id="19469314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469314" title="HSC-85">
HSC-85

Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 (HSC-85) Firehawks is a United States Navy Reserve helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island, San Diego, California. HSC-85 currently flies the HH-60H Seahawk. On July 8th, 2011 the squadron was retasked as a Naval Special Warfare support squadron, providing aviation support to US special operations forces. 
External links.
HSC-85 Website

</doc>
<doc id="19469353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469353" title="Vasu Pisharody">
Vasu Pisharody

Kalamandalam Vasu Pisharody is a leading Kathakali artiste known for his restrained portrayal of character roles in the classical dance-drama of Kerala in south India. A frontline disciple of Padma Shri Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, he excels in virtuous pachcha, anti-hero Kathi and the semi-realistic minukku roles alike. Nalan, Bahukan, Arjunan, Bhiman, Dharmaputrar, Rugmangadan, Narakaasuran, Ravanan, Parashuraman and Brahmanan are his masterpieces.
Vasu Pisharody was born on August 15, 1943, at Kongad in Palakkad district. After schooling, he had his primary Kathakali lessons under Balakrishnan Nair at Kerala Kalalayam in Ottapalam. He subsequently joined PSV Natyasangham in Kottakkal, was a student there for 3 years, and later in Kerala Kalamandalam, where he undertook further studies for seven years—both under Kunchu Nair. Vasu Pisharody also had his higher studies under Padma Bhushan Kalamandalam Ramankutty Nair and the late Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair. 
After an initial brief stint at Kerala Kalamandalam, Vasu Pisharody worked at a kalari (Kathakali classroom) run by the Guruvayur Kathakali Club. He rejoined Kalamandalam in 1979 and worked there for two decades before retiring as its vice-principal in 1999.
Vasu Pisharody is a winner of the prestigious Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award. 
Veerashrinkhala from Kongad.
Awards from several Kathakali clubs.
Kerala Kalamandalam Award in 1998.
Fellowship from Central Human Resources Development Ministry.
Kerala Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.
Kerala Kalamandalam Fellowship.
Shri Pattikkamthodi Puraskar - Kerala Kalamandalam.
Shri Pattikkamthodi Puraskar - Gandhi Seva Sadan.
Olappamanna Devi Puraskar.
Kalamandalam Krishnan Kutty Podhuval Puraskar.
Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair Kalyanikkuty Amma Puraskar.
Puraskar from "Sarggam" Kongad.
His leading disciples include Kalamandalam Sreekumar and Kalamandalam Pradeep.
An ailment of late had forced him to take a break from Kathakali since 2005, but Vasu Pisharody's health improved over the years. He made a comeback to the stage in end-March 2009 at the Thirumandhamkunnu temple in his village of Kongad.

</doc>
<doc id="19469354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469354" title="The City (2008 TV series)">
The City (2008 TV series)

The City is an American reality television series that originally aired on MTV from December 29, 2008 until July 13, 2010. Developed as the spin-off of "The Hills", the series aired two seasons and focused on the personal and professional lives of several young women residing in New York City, New York. Its premise was conceived by Adam DiVello, while Liz Gateley served as the executive producer.
The series originally focused on Whitney Port, who appeared in its predecessor, as she began employment with Diane von Fürstenberg. It additionally placed emphasis on her workplace rival Olivia Palermo, Port's boyfriend Jay Lyon, his roommate Adam Senn, and her friend Erin Lucas. The latter three were replaced by Port's roommate Roxy Olin and Palermo's enemy Erin Kaplan for the second half of the first season.
"The City" received generally mixed reviews from critics, and proved less successful than "The Hills". Like its predecessor, the series was often criticized for tending towards a narrative format more commonly seen in scripted genres including soap operas, and appearing to fabricate much of its storyline. The show has distributed all seasons to DVD.
Conception.
In 2004, the reality television series "" premiered on MTV. The program was created by Liz Gateley and documented the lives of several students attending Laguna Beach High School as they completed secondary education. The series proved among the network's most successful programming, though the entire original cast left after the second season and were replaced by another group of teenagers for the following season. Television producer Adam DiVello developed the spin-off program "The Hills" to follow one of its predecessor's original cast members Lauren Conrad as she moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the fashion industry. After "The Hills" itself became similarly successful, DiVello developed "The City" upon the conclusion of the parent series' fourth season, which saw one of its primary cast members Whitney Port move to New York City to begin employment with Diane von Fürstenberg.
Series synopsis.
Overview and casting.
"The City" chronicles the lives of several young women living in New York City, New York. Every installment commences with a voice-over narrative from series lead Whitney Port, foreshadowing the theme of the episode. Each season concludes with a finale, typically involving a major event such as a progressing relationship or the departure of a cast member. Most installments revolve around the women's everyday lives, with the intention of balancing coverage of their personal and professional endeavors. "The City: Live After Show" was occasionally aired following the broadcast of an episode; the program followed the "The After Show" format used by other MTV programs, including "The Hills", where Jessi Cruickshank and Dan Levy served as hosts while the audience commented on the episode.
Throughout its run, the series was led by four (season 2) and five (season 1) primary cast members, who were credited by their first names. Its original main cast members were Port, Erin Lucas, Jay Lyon, Olivia Palermo, and Adam Senn. Lucas, Lyon, and Senn were replaced by Erin Kaplan and Roxy Olin beginning in the second half of the first season. The aforementioned women's storylines were largely developed by a number of supporting cast members. Alexandra Crandell was credited as "Adam's girlfriend", while Samantha Swetra was labeled "Whitney's friend". Kelly Cutrone was featured the owner of the PR firm People's Revolution and the employer of Port and Olin, while Joe Zee was credited as Palermo's boss at "Elle".
Storylines.
In its series premiere, "The City" first introduces Whitney Port, who moved from Los Angeles, California to New York City, New York to begin employment for fashion designer Diane von Fürstenberg. She reunited with her friend Erin Lucas and love interest Jay Lyon, and befriended co-worker Olivia Palermo against her companions' advice. Port became irritated the feelings Lyon had for his ex-girlfriend Danielle and his unwillingness to commit to a relationship, and eventually severed ties with him. Lyon's distaste for his housemate Adam Senn's girlfriend Allie Crandell ultimately ruined their friendship, while Senn and Crandell's relationship was strained by rumors of his alleged infidelity. Lucas' long-distance boyfriend Duncan Davies, who lived in Toronto, Canada, broke up with Lucas after discovering that she had become friendly with her ex-boyfriend JR. Meanwhile, the companionship between Port and Palermo dissolved after growing tensions in the workplace.
Prior to production of the second half of the season, Lucas, Lyon, and Senn departed from the series. Port also left her position at Diane von Fürstenberg and resumed working at her previous employer Kelly Cutrone's PR firm People's Revolution. As the season resumed, Port's friend Roxy Olin was introduced as a new main cast member, and was hired at People's Revolution. Palermo had left Diane von Fürstenberg for a position with "Elle", where she clashed with co-worker and new main cast member Erin Kaplan. With Cutrone's guidance, Port begins designing a fashion line, while Kaplan becomes increasingly displeased with Palermo's under-performance. Port also began dating friend Freddie Fackelmayer, but was dismayed to learn that he had a girlfriend. By the season finale, Port had presented the "Whitney Eve" lookbook to Bergdorf Goodman, and decided to further publicize her collection through a fashion show at Bryant Park.
In the beginning of the second season, Joe Zee attempted to salvage the relationship between Palermo and Kaplan by reassigning the former to work on "Elle".com. However, the strategy proved unsuccessful as the women continue to clash with one another. Meanwhile, Olin begins a flirtatious friendship with photographer Zach Hyman. Cutrone cautions Port that Olin's lack of professionalism and inexperience in the industry may damage Port's reputation. However, Olin's under-performance ultimately strained their friendship, and culminated in Olin moving into an apartment with their friend Samantha Swetra. The season finale sees Palermo promoted as the new face of "Elle".com after a successful business trip to Japan, while Port contemplates leaving People's Revolution after she and Cutrone clash over the development of her fashion line.
Reception.
Critical response.
"The City" received generally mixed reviews from critics. Melissa Camacho of Common Sense Media criticized the program for featuring a near-identical plotline to its predecessor "The Hills", where Lauren Conrad was similarly shown to pursue a career in the fashion industry while addressing difficulties among her friends. Ginia Bellefante from "The New York Times" suggested that the series was purposely produced sub-par to its parent series, commenting that it "is not the advertisement for New York that "The Hills", with its dreamily shot opening-credit sequence, is for Los Angeles". An editor from "The Village Voice" questioned if Port was interesting enough to lead her own spin-off series, describing her personality as featuring "unavoidable, inexorable ordinariness".
Scripting allegations.
"The City" was often criticized for appearing to fabricate much of its storyline. In one instance, Diane von Fürstenberg workers were reportedly angered that Port "doesn't really work" and was "hardly ever in the office", elaborating that series producers would inhibit normal work operations by not allowing employees to move items in their offices. Freddie Mackelmayer, Port's former love interest, commented that the network "never asked the cast to say or do anything", though the editing that followed portrayed him as a "womanizing jerk".
An additional source of suspicion arose in the second half of the first season, where Palermo allegedly purchased counterfeit accessories on Canal Street for a work assignment; the non-discreet nature of the transaction led to speculation that the scene was staged for the segment. In 2009, Palermo commented that she was "disappointed" in the "villainous" manner in which she was portrayed on the program. She added that she was "super friendly" with Port at work, whereas the series depicted a more strained relationship. In 2012, she added that her character was "not at all", further opining that her time on television was "ridiculous".
U.S. television ratings.
The series opening of "The City" premiered to 1.6 million viewers, significantly less than the 2.6 million viewers attracted by the fourth season finale of "The Hills". The second half of the season premiered with 2 million viewers, a 43% increase from its debut. The remainder of the season maintained an average 1.9 million viewers, with the finale peaking at 2.3 million. Upon the conclusion of the second season in July 2010, rumors were widespread that "The City" would be cancelled. In October 2010, Port commented that "it doesn’t really look like we’re doing it anymore", with MTV later adding that the series would not be renewed for a third season.
Broadcast history and distribution.
"The City"s first season commenced airing on December 29, 2008, one week after the fourth season finale of "The Hills". The series continued to air on Monday evenings until its midseason finale on March 16, 2009, at which point it had aired thirteen episodes. Rather than ordering an official second season, MTV included an additional ten episodes to the first season. The extension premiered on September 29, 2009, where it was moved to the Tuesday night timeslot, and concluded on December 1, 2009. The second season premiered on April 27, 2010, after the sixth season premiere of "The Hills". Both programs held the Tuesday evening timeslot; both concluded after twelve episodes on July 13, 2010.
"The City" episodes aired regularly on MTV in the United States. All episodes are approximately thirty minutes, and were broadcast in standard definition. The series' episodes are also available for download at the iTunes Store. Episodes were previously available for viewing through the official MTV website, though they have since become unavailable since the series' conclusion. Since its debut, Paramount Pictures has released both seasons of "The City" onto DVD, to regions 1, 2, and 4. Each product includes all episodes of the respective season, in addition to deleted scenes and interviews of series personnel.

</doc>
<doc id="19469362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469362" title="Cleveland Stance">
Cleveland Stance

Stand Together Against Neighborhood Crime Everyday, also known as STANCE, is an education program created by and based in the City of Cleveland, Ohio. The initiative seeks to lower incidents of violence and criminal activity by promoting anti-gang activities and programs. 
The program is funded in part by the United States Department of Justice, and is part of a six-city initiative known as the "Comprehensive Anti-Gang Initiative", formed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19469372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469372" title="Duns (disambiguation)">
Duns (disambiguation)

Duns is a former county town of Berwickshire in the Scottish Borders.
Duns may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19469389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469389" title="David A. Schauer">
David A. Schauer

David A. Schauer, ScD, CHP, is Executive Director Emeritus of the National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements (NCRP). During his tenure a number of updated and new publications were issued by the Council.
Biography.
Schauer received his doctor of science (Sc. D.) degree from Johns Hopkins University and is a diplomate of the American Board of Health Physics. He received M.S. and B.S. degrees from Georgetown and Liberty Universities, respectively. Prior to being elected NCRP secretary and treasurer, and appointed Executive Director (2004 to 2012), Dr. Schauer served in various scientific and leadership positions as an officer in the U.S. Navy (1984 to 2004). His primary research interests include thermoluminescent dosimetry and electron paramagnetic resonance biodosimetry. He is a member of numerous organizations including the American Society of Association Executives, the American College of Radiology, and the Health Physics Society.
Schauer has published a number of scientific articles, proceedings and reports individually and in collaboration with fellow scientists and students. He also contributed book chapters to the "Handbook of Radioactivity Analysis" published by Elsevier Academic Press (2003) and "Advances in Medical Physics: 2012" published by Medical Physics Publishing (2012).
Early years.
Schauer’s formal education began in 1965 with the creation of President Johnson’s Head Start Program. This was part of Johnson’s War on Poverty. As one of five children being raised in a single-parent home, Schauer was sent to the newly established Head Start Program in Williamstown, NJ. So began Schauer’s formal education which would include a stop in a two room schoolhouse for kindergarten (Hall Street) and culminate at Hopkins with the awarding of his doctorate in 1994.
College years and beyond.
Following graduation from Williamstown High School (1979) where he was named scholar athlete, Schauer was recruited to pitch at Liberty University. Schauer was used mostly as a starter and set the single game record for strikeouts until a hard-throwing lefthander (Randy Tomlin – Pittsburgh Pirates and pitching coach for the AA Harrisburg Nats) arrived a few years later and established a new mark. During his years at Liberty, Schauer was coached by former major league pitcher, Al Worthington, and played with Sid Bream, Lee Guetterman and Darrell Manuel (youngest brother of Phillies manager, Charlie Manuel). The Liberty baseball teams of the early 1980s made three successive trips to the NAIA college world series in Lubbock, TX.
Following graduation from Liberty in 1983, Schauer was commissioned as an ensign in the US Navy Medical Service Corps. Ensign Schauer worked his way up the ranks before retiring at the beginning of 2004 as a Commander. During those 20 years, Schauer served in various leadership positions in San Diego, CA, Portsmouth, NH and Bethesda, MD.
Research grants.
David A. Schauer's research activities include;
Public service.
Dr. Schauer is an Editorial Board member of the following journals:
He also serves as a referee for the following journals: 
Television appearances:
References.
1. http://www.ncrponline.org/Members/Schauer_bio.html Retrieved on September 25, 2008
2. http://myprofile.cos.com/dschauer Retrieved on September 25, 2008
3. http://www.ncrponline.org/Press_Rel/WHO_June2008.pdf Retrieved on September 25, 2008
4. http://www.linkedin.com/pub/6/a68/91b Retrieved on September 25, 2008
5. http://center.spoke.com/info/pAMw38P/DavidSchauer
6. http://dceg.cancer.gov/files/reb2004/Schauer.pdf Retrieved on September 25, 2008
7. http://lib.bioinfo.pl/auth:Schauer,DA Retrieved on September 25, 2008
8. http://explore.georgetown.edu/people/ds37/ Retrieved on September 25, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19469393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469393" title="Abraão José Bueno">
Abraão José Bueno

Abraão José Bueno (born 1977) is a Brazilian nurse and serial killer. In 2005 he was sentenced to 110 years imprisonment for the murder of four children and the attempted murder of another four.
Crimes.
Bueno worked as a nurse in the Instituto de Puericultura Martagão Gesteira of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
In 2005 Bueno, working in a children's ward, began injecting babies and older children with overdoses of sedatives, causing them to stop breathing. He would then call medical staff to resuscitate them. In the course of one month up to fifteen children are thought to have been targeted, all between the ages of one and ten. Many suffered from AIDS and leukaemia.
Bueno was arrested in November 2005. On 15 May 2008 he was found guilty by judge Valéria Caldi on four counts of murder and four counts of attempted murder. He was sentenced to 110 years in total.
It is thought that Bueno committed his crimes so that he could be the first to notice a problem with a patient, thereby earning the respect and admiration of his co-workers.

</doc>
<doc id="19469396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469396" title="Navy-Wright NW">
Navy-Wright NW

The Navy-Wright NW series, also called the Mystery Racer were racing aircraft built by Wright Aeronautical Corporation at the request of the US Navy. Although innovative, both prototype racers were lost before achieving their true potential. 
Design and development.
In the early 1920s, the US Navy asked the Wright Aeronautical Corporation to design an engine based on the Lawrance J-1, the result being the Wright T-2 12-cylinder, water-cooled engine, with a proposed horsepower rating of 650 hp. At the time there was no aircraft that could properly use the engine, so the US Navy Bureau of Aeronautics designed an airframe to accommodate the new powerplant with construction of two prototypes (BU. Aer. Nos. A-6543 and A-6544) undertaken by the Wright Corporation.
Designated the Navy-Wright NW-1, A-6543, the first prototype was designed and built in three months, and flew for the first time on 11 October 1922, just days before it was entered in the 14 October 1922 Pulitzer air race at Selfridge Field, Michigan. Entered at the last minute, the press dubbed the new entry, the "Mystery Racer".
The Navy-Wright NW-1 was an unconventional streamlined design, based on a sesquiplane with main wheels faired into the lower wing, and bracing minimized to further reduce drag. Lamblin radiators were suspended beneath the fuselage and wire bracing was incorporated for the mid-fuselage mounted main wing and tailplane.
Operational history.
With the rush to complete the NW-1, the aircraft was not fully tested and by the time of the Pulitzer Race, Lt. S. Sanderson had little opportunity to fly the racer. During the race, the NW-1 wearing race number "9", although reaching a top speed of 186 mph, its engine overheated and failed causing the NW-1 to ditch into Lake St. Clair, flipping over on its back.
Extensive changes.
With the major damage suffered in the ditching, the US Navy resorted to cannibalizing the wrecked aircraft to provide spares for the second prototype, A-6544, which had been retained as an engine testbed for the T-2 engine.
Early in 1923, a decision was made to redesign the racer and in the months following, a completely new design emerged with the original landplane being converted into a floatplane. Radical surgery was performed to turn the sesquiplane into a biplane, with strutted wings, wing surface radiators, enlarged tail surfaces and a set of floats also part of the redesign. Fitted with a new, more powerful 700 hp Wright T-3, a development of the T-2 and a three-blade propeller, the second of the NW series was designated NW-2 and was entered into the 1923 Schneider Trophy held at Cowes, Isle of Wight.
The Navy conducted flight testing at Anacostia achieving a top speed of 176 mph, before shipping the NW-2 to England in September 1923. At Cowes, wearing the race number "5", during pre-race testing, the NW-2 suffered a propeller failure in flight with the shattered propeller slicing into the floats. The pilot, Lt. Frank Wead alighted but the severely damaged floats collapsed and the NW-2 sank, with Wead scrambling to safety, and being rescued uninjured.
The Navy-Wright NW series was abandoned after the sinking of the NW-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19469406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469406" title="Accra Brewery Company">
Accra Brewery Company

Accra Brewery Company Limited is a brewery based in Accra, Ghana. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. Accra Brewery Limited (ABL), originally known as Overseas brewery limited was resisted in 1931 for the purposes of stabling a brewing industry in the then Gold Coast. Following a new investment law passed in 1975, there was a revision of ownership and the name changed to the current one. Again in 1997, South African Breweries acquired controlling shares in the company. ABL is one of the oldest non-traditional manufacturing businesses in Ghana. ABL brands include Club Beer, Castle Milk Stout, Stone Lager, Club Shandy, Vitamalt, Muscatella which are produced and marketed from their site in Accra. ABL also claim to utilize local raw materials.
Stone Strong Lager, one of the flagship beer brands, brewed by Accra Brewery Limited, has received a Gold Award at the 2012 World Quality Selections, organized by Monde Selection. This is the second international Gold award that Stone Strong Lager has received. Besides, Stone Strong Lager is the only Ghanaian beer brand to have ever won a Monde Selection’s international quality award.
STATS.
Accra Brewery Limited (ABL) is the second largest brewer in Ghana. Sales volumes of some 400,000 hl represent slightly under a third of the total market. Per capita consumption of between 5 and 6 litres is low by African standards and suggests a large informal market for homemade liquor. With its rich portfolio of authentic Ghanaian brands, ABL is well positioned to capture growth in all beverage categories.ABL has one billion authorized shares of which 249,446,664 are issued making its stated capital GH¢7,332,000.00. It has Overseas Breweries Limited as it major shareholders with about 62.9% of the shares outstanding.

</doc>
<doc id="19469407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469407" title="2008 Tashkent Open – Singles">
2008 Tashkent Open – Singles

Pauline Parmentier was the defending champion, but chose not to participate that year.
Sorana Cîrstea won in the final 2–6, 6–4, 7–6(4), against Sabine Lisicki.

</doc>
<doc id="19469418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469418" title="Coquitlam College">
Coquitlam College

Coquitlam College is a private community college in Coquitlam, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19469426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469426" title="2008 Tashkent Open – Doubles">
2008 Tashkent Open – Doubles

Ekaterina Dzehalevich and Anastasiya Yakimova were the defending champions. They are both present but do no compete together.
Dzehalevich partnered with Yaroslava Shvedova, but were forced to withdraw before their quarterfinals match against Alexandra Panova and Magdaléna Rybáriková due to an illness for Shvedova.
Yakimova partnered with Vesna Manasieva, but lost in the first round to Ekaterina Dzehalevich and Yaroslava Shvedova.
Ioana Raluca Olaru and Olga Savchuk won in the final 5–7, 7–5, 10–7, against Nina Bratchikova and Kathrin Wörle.

</doc>
<doc id="19469449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469449" title="Stonehaven (comics)">
Stonehaven (comics)

Stonehaven is a series of first-run graphic novels and prose novels set in a contemporary urban fantasy city of the same name, in which mythical creatures live openly alongside humans. Created by Kevin Tinsley in the ‘90s, the first volume was published by Stickman Graphics in 2004.
Setting.
"Stonehaven" is a series of graphic novels and prose novels set in a contemporary urban fantasy city of the same name, in which mythical creatures live openly alongside humans. The individual stories tend to be multi-genre (crime thrillers, adventure, mystery) within this fantasy environment and use a rotating ensemble cast of characters.
The series takes place in a world that is geologically identical to Earth, consisting of the same continents and land masses, but with an alternative history that is significantly different than that of reality. The city of Stonehaven is geographically and structurally similar to New York City. Politically, Stonehaven is a city-state that covers a large area comparable to New York state, Connecticut, Rhode Island, large sections of Pennsylvania and Massachusetts. The stories to date have focused on the metropolitan area.
The alternative history of this world is that of a diverse pagan society in which magic and mythical creatures, such as elves, ogres and dwarves, have always existed openly alongside humans. As a result, they are treated as common-place and almost mundane within the contemporary environment. However, their existence has had a significant impact on political and scientific advancements. The most notably covered so far has been the stymieing of ‘secular’ medicine in the wake of politically powerful pagan faith healing.
Themes.
Kevin Tinsley, the creator of the "Stonehaven" series, minored in Philosophy and Religious Studies while in college. These studies appear to heavily influence the themes and stories behind the series.
The central philosophical foundation of the series is that of existentialism, a definition of which appears at the beginning of "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine". More specifically, the series as a whole focuses on the existential debate that asks "Is man defined by his nature, or does his nature define the man?” Some characters appear strictly confined to their character types and unable to break out of their mold, while others at times can, at times, act contrary to their personalities. However, despite their internal conflicts, most characters are on some level depicted as everyday sentients (within the fantasy realm) struggling to make do in a universe over which they have little control.
There are also several religious themes involving paganism, gnosticism, pantheism and free will in a world where miracles and faith healers are commonplace. In "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine", a form of Christianity was introduced that is loosely based on the fractured state of the first-century church. Without a strong leader such as the Emperor Constantine, the church continues to fracture into a multitude of divergent beliefs. Some are familiar while others are unrecognizable.
Characters.
Akkab ben Ashkenazim is a human of middle-eastern descent born and raised in the mean streets of Stonehaven. More the scrapping street tough, than a military fighter, he is employed by Dwarkin Extermination Company. He had attended collage, but was ejected when his political and philosophical stances and demonstrations were deemed too disruptive. He is a philosophical anarchist (though not a violent one), and has quite a police record as a result. It was revealed in "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine", that Akkab was raised in an Ebionite family. These beliefs appear to be similar to those of Pauline Bethesda (his neighbor), but view the founder of her order as a heretic.
Charles Cortez is a human solicitor for Capulous Industries. He is a weaselly little sociopath who has displayed uncompromising cutthroat tactics in his unrelenting quest to climb the corporate ladder as swiftly as possible. He is an underhanded, backstabbing, manipulative liar capable of fabricating a plausible cover story at the drop of a hat. Simply put, he is a despicable little miscreant whom Capulous would not hesitate to flush down the drain if the need arose. And Cortez is too full of his own self-importance to ever see it coming.
Detective Sergeant Dahvide Engals is an investigator on the City Guard’s Gang Related Task Force. Although Dahvide’s abrasive attitude had not won him any friends among the higher-ranking officials in the City Guard, his keen attention to details that others overlooked and his ability to tie those details into a cohesive whole, made him an indispensable asset to the task force.
Detective Inspector Sterling Fairmont is the world-weary head of the City Guard’s Gang Related Task Force.
Dutch is a human fighter in the employ of Dwarkin Extermination Company. At one time he was career military, with a promising future in special ops. He was discharged shortly after a classified mission in a foreign country, which resulted in the loss of most of his men. Whatever happened was highly traumatic, leaving Dutch as a stereotypical post-traumatic burn out. He apparently has no real social life outside of work, to which he commits himself 110%. He is the stoic, emotionless, strong silent type, and is very good at his job.
Dwarkin Extermination Company goes after all forms of pests and vermin. From rats and termites, to poltergeists, trolls and a variety of other unusual life-forms. They usual send out teams of three: A magic-user, a cleric, and some one with hand-to-hand and weapons training (a fighter). This usual covers all potential pests.
Eryn Lewellyn is a human cleric of the Carpocratian order who works for Dwarkin Exterminators. There appears to be a serious conflict between the Carpocratian order and the Yeshuan sect of Pauline Bethesda.
Greywinder is a dwarven magic-user in the employ of Dwarkin Exterminators. He is crotchety and overly opinionated, and feels right at home in underground tight spaces.
Kashlueque is the ancient elven valet/personal assistant/confidant to Vincent Capulous. Kashlueque is deeply involved in Capulous criminal activities, and is particularly sinister in his own right.
Manchester Lane is one of the most high profile—and expensive—defense attorneys on the continent. He has represented Capulous Industries on occasion.
Marjen (affectionately referred to as “Mother” or “Mother Jones”) is a cleric. She appears to be second in command at Dwarkin Extermination Company, if not in fact, then from the respect and guidance the others look towards her.
Meggan Eisner is a media major at Stonehaven University. She works for Victor Jardine on a freelance basis utilizing her considerable photography and computer skills performing video surveillance and hacking databases.
Meili Mau, pronounced may•lay MOW, her name means ‘graceful cat’. She is a Chinese mob enforcer and loan shark. As a high-ranking member (but certainly not a leader of) an organized crime syndicate, she does some very nasty and evil things, including killing people. Despite this, there are times when she will do what is right as opposed to what is expected.
Nheserteri (Teri) Solistara Rieca is a full-blooded wood elf, who studies magic at the Stonehaven University of Thaumaturgy and Theological Studies. She is a fair student with average grades. Several advanced magic-users and clerics recognize a strong natural talent for magic in Teri, leading them to believe she could be a potentially powerful sorcerer. Unfortunately, Teri is not as motivated in her studies as her advisors would hope. She is more interested in socializing and enjoying herself. She relies far too much on using her looks and personalities to get by. As result, she is overly preoccupied with how other people perceive her and her actions; which, over time leads her down a course of constants lies and deceit in order to save face. After losing a scholarship due to poor grades, she was forced to take a job at Dwarkin Exterminators in order to pay her tuition.
Noble Ironhorse is the name given to a vigilante by the news media. He first appeared in "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine" when he slaughtered a group of Eastern European mobsters. However, for some unknown reason, he spared the mob’s leader. His name derives from the fact that there appeared to be some sort nobility crest was painted on the old Ironhorse motorcycle he was riding. At this time his race and identity are unknown.
Pauline Grace Bethesda is a Hispanic young woman who is a member of a Yesuan religious order, referred to as Paulites, that is evangelically monotheistic. This sect is considered to be a cult by the majority of the pantheistic society of Stonehaven, and alienates itself even farther by preaching against the use of magic of any kind. She is a neighbor of Akkab ben Ashkenazim, who came to her aid when she was accosted by mobsters in "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine". She attracted the attention of these mobsters, and Vincent Capulous, when she helped organize a protest against Divinity Medical Center. During the story a prophecy was made that she would be a catalyst in revealing “the treachery of Capulous and his allies.”
Plotinus is the villain of the "Subterranean Hearts". A magic-user and cleric who had spent years wallowing in his own self-pity and mediocrity, which helped to form massive delusions of grandeur in regards to his place in the ‘grand scheme of nature.’ He accidentally formed some sort of artificial group consciousness with a large population of trolls living in the underground infrastructure of the city. He is also a cannibal of sorts, and possibly a sexual offender. During the course of the story, Plotinus prophesized that on two different occasions in the future, both Dutch and Teri would "bring chaos and destruction" to the city.
Priya Kika is a Felidae cleric at the Abbey of Brighid Belenus, and the night supervisor at Divinity Medical Center’s immediate care unit. She is stern, but well respected due to her excellent reputation as a healer. Kika bears similar markings to a Siamese cat.
Rodya Svyatoslav is a Reptilian magic student working an internship at Divinity Medical Center. It is rare to see a Reptilian pursuing a career in magic, but Rodya is indeed talented. Quirky, inquisitive and somewhat spastic at times, she is very enjoyable to be around.
Sarasvati (Sara) Maitreyi is a Desi immigrant to Stonehaven, and a resident at Divinity Medical Center. The chance to study xenobiology, practice inter-species medicine, as well as witness magical therapies and thaumaturgical healing firsthand was nothing less than a dream come true. However her position became precarious after numerous run-ins with head administrator. She is currently involved with surgical resident, Dr. Vonali Aleantylar.
Splinter is Victor Jardine’s cousin, and appears to be pre-pubescent child. Although Victor is probably older than her, they are in actuality close to the same age (if not maturity level). Considering elves age more slowly than humans, they may have been children together at some point. This may explain their odd interaction and relationship. Splinter particularly annoys Victor by referring to him as her uncle. Splinter appears to be an orphan, and street urchin, and probably a thief. She is extremely dexterous, nimble and acrobatic. Not to mention a fearless bundle of energy.
Tylar (Dr. Vonali Aleantylar) is a surgical resident at Divinity Medical Center. However, Tylar has a secret agenda. Despite being a secular doctor, Tylar comes from a family of tradition thaumaturgical healers—the Aleantylar Clan or Noble House of Healers. Generations of his ancestors devoted themselves to the healing arts. But he now hides that he too has such abilities. Apparently, sent out into the world in a "clandestine search for mystery.” He is currently romantically involved with fellow resident Dr. Sarasvati Maitreyi.
Victor Jardine is a half-elf private investigator. A classic rogue of a character, but hardly a gentleman. The life of a private investigator is far from glamorous considering one makes his living following people for suspicious spouses, seeking compromising secrets for divorce cases, and occasionally trying to find missing persons. In short, they are usually not well liked because they make their living invading other peoples privacy, or profit from their misery and tragedies. Jardine is thick skinned, callously honest in his opinions, and doesn’t really care what other people think of him. He tends to be a womanizer, and has an eye for Asian women in particular. Despite his many and varied faults, he is a man of integrity, and although his morals are sometimes questionable, he does strive to be a one of the good guys.
Vincent Capulous is the CEO of an international business conglomerate with ties to a secret organization known as the Parliament. Capulous’ family has played a major role in the development of the city of Stonehaven. He appears to be a major protagonists of the series associated with a number of criminal enterprises.
The Zirk are a quasi elven tribe inhabiting the north woods section of Centre Park. They are made up of cross-ethnic elven outcasts, most have some Drow in their background (which is the main reason for their being outcast).
Creatures and Races.
The term "race" is used within the "Stonehaven" series to refer to different sentient species such as elves, dwarves and humans. "Ethnicity" is used to describe physical and cultural varieties within a race. "Sentients" is the politically correct term used in place of general terms such as humans or people.
Mythical races that have appeared in "Stonehaven" include elves, dwarves, ogres, centaurs, cyclops, and two anthropomorphic animal races: the reptilians and the felidae (a feline race). Belicosians are an ethnic variety of reptilians that are more aggressive, with large plate like scales. The more common reptilians have smaller snake-like scales.
Although not a race unto themselves, werewolves (or lycanthropes) have a significant role in "Stonehaven". However, they are not the mindless animals that only come out during the full-moon. However, society as a whole fears and ostracizes them, and as group they face much prejudice. This leads to and usually leads to werewolves sticking to their own, and forming packs. Werewolves themselves are not loners, but form strong bonds to groups, gangs, and clicks. The most notorious being the gang called the Wild Pack. However, if a normal group of friends (or a gang) accepts them, they are quite loyal and will not feel an overwhelming need to seek other werewolves.
Vampires, on the other hand, are the stuff of legend. They are a cross between UFO Conspiracies, and the Mafia. There is no proof that they actually exist, and if they ever did they are probably extinct. That doesn't stop people believing in them. They are still the boogie man one scares their children with, and there are hundreds of books and TV specials about 'Vampire sightings' (just like UFOs and flying saucers). Of course, the wackier adherents tend to be religious fanatics or Goth types wanting to become creatures of the night. But, most intellectual right minded people (including the government and medical communities) cannot stress enough that vampires do not exist. However, at the end of "Fruit of the Poisonous Vine" it is implied that they do exist, and that they strive to keep their presence a secret. Nothing has yet been revealed about vampires, other than their connection to a mysterious group known as the Parliament.
Other mythical animals that have appeared in "Stonehaven" include griffins and trolls. Trolls are sub-human creatures who are (arguably) non-sentient. However, in "Subterranean Hearts", the evil sorcerer Plotinas accidentally created a hive mind with a group of sewer dwelling trolls.
Volumes.
graphic novel
Released: 2004
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-4-0
hardcover ISBN 0-9675423-3-2
"Milk Cartons and Dog Biscuits" is an introduction of the city through the eyes of Dan Parsons, a State Ranger (the equivalent of a marshal or state police trooper) from a rural area known as the Far Reaches, who travels to the city in search of his runaway daughter, Melody. Receiving no assistance from the Municipal Guard (the city police), he hires a disreputable half-elf private detective, named Victor Jardine, to help in his search. Their investigation brings them in conflict with the Chinese mob Meili Mau and a renegade werewolf, while introducing a number of recurring characters and institutions. The artist, Phil Singer, was nominated for the 2004 Russ Manning Most Promising Newcomer Award for his work on this book.
graphic novel
Released: 2006
softcover ISBN 0-9675423-6-7
hardcover ISBN 0-9675423-5-9
"Subterranean Hearts", the second book in the series, is about an Elven magic student attending Stonehaven University who must take a summer job at Dwarkin Extermination Company in order to pay her tuition. This company employs magic-users, clerics and ex-military types in order to deal with more fantastical pests. An intersecting storyline involves Victor Jardine and mob enforcer Meili Mau coming into conflict over a mentally disturbed teenager. The story culminates with all parties fighting for their lives against trolls in the city’s sewer system.
prose novel
Released: 2008
ISBN 978-0-9675423-7-9
"Fruit of the Poisonous Vine" is a his crime drama focuses on a police investigation of the murder of a barrister in possession of illegal blood donations. This book focuses on several secondary characters from previous titles, as well as introducing several new protagonists to the series, including the head of a multi-international corporation named Vincent Capulous. A central theme of this story focuses on the effect that magic and pagan faith healing has had on the medical profession.
Reviews.
http://www.worldfamouscomics.com/bakersdozen/back20040303.shtml
http://www.publishersweekly.com/article/CA6360366.html?nid=2789

</doc>
<doc id="19469457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469457" title="ACC Select">
ACC Select

ACC Select was a subscription-based internet television service hosted by CBS College Sports Network that broadcasts live Atlantic Coast Conference sporting events. ACC Select broadcasts over 600 sporting events throughout each year, including many of the conference's otherwise untelevised college football games. The service was previously hosted by PlayOn! Sports before moving to CBS.
ACC Select has been superseded by the ACC Digital Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19469466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469466" title="Antonio Mariscal">
Antonio Mariscal

Antonio G. Mariscal Abascal (July 2, 1915 – October 29, 2010) was a lawyer and Olympic-level diver from Mexico, who is considered by the Mexican Olympic Committee (COM) as a pioneer of Mexican sport. 
He and his brothers Alonso and Federico made Olympic history at the 1932 Olympics by become the first and only 3 brothers to compete in the same diving event. At the 1932 Olympics, he finished 12th in the 3m Springboard.
At the 1935 Central American and Caribbean Games, he won the 5m Platform event and was second in 3m Springboard.
He served as president of the Mexican Swimming Federation from 1960–66, and is among the founders of bodies that oversee aquatic sports in the Americas (ASUA) and Central America/Caribbean (CCCAN).
In 1988 he received a Silver Olympic Order award from the International Olympic Committee. In 2008, he was bestowed a permanent COM membership.

</doc>
<doc id="19469472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469472" title="Damian Steele">
Damian Steele

Damien Dothard (1975-July 22, 2009) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Damian Steele.
Steele competed mainly in North American independent promotions, including Georgia Championship Wrestling. He later signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and was assigned to their developmental territory, Deep South Wrestling (DSW). While in DSW, he competed as one half of the tag team Ebony and Ivory with Ray Gordy.
Career.
Georgia Championship Wrestling (2004-2005).
Making his professional debut in 2004, Damian Steele teamed with AJ Steele in one of his earliest matches in the promotion to challenge GCW Tag Team Champions Sonny Siaki and David Young on October 14, 2004. The following month, he was selected by AJ Steele as his new partner after he and Bull Buchanan, then reigning GCW Tag Team Champions, had split up. Steele had beaten Buchanan in a singles match to win that right. The two successfully defended the tag team titles against Sonny Siaki & David Young and Bull Buchanan and The Grappler before losing the belts to Elix Skipper and John Bogie in Columbus, Georgia on December 25, 2004.
They briefly regained the titles from Glenn Gilberti and Johnny Swinger on February 12, 2005 before losing to Sonny Siaki and The Wrestler a little over two weeks later. On May 6, Steele lost to Jason Cross in a three-way match with Tony Mamaluke. He also lost to Glen Gilbertti in a four-way match with Jason Cross and Tony Mamaluke for the GCW Television Championship on May 21. At GCW's "1st Anniversary Show" a week later, Damian Steele participated in a War Games cage match as part of Dusty Rhodes' team which included Jason Cross, Sonny Siaki and A.J. Steele. After defeating their opponents David Young, The Wrestler, Chris Stevens and Greg Brown, Dusty Rhodes defeated Tully Blanchard in the cage with Ronnie Garvin as special guest referee.
On June 4, Steele and Glenn Gilberti wrestled to a time limit draw in a match for the GCW Television Championship. Due to a contract loophole however, Steele was awarded the title. Defeating Elix Skipper weeks later on June 18, he officially unified the GCW Television and US Junior Heavyweight titles. Feuding with Jason Cross over the title, he fought Cross to a 15 minute time limit draw at GCW's "Never Say Never" held at the GCW Arena on July 2 and defeated Jason Cross and Glen Gilbertti in a three-way match a week later. He finally lost the title to Jason Cross on July 23. He also lost to Elix Skipper on August 6 and, at "The Point of No Return", he lost to GCW Television Champion Glen Gilbertti in a no time limit match. Later that month, Steele lost to John Bogie & Lee Thomas in a tag team match with Cassidy Riley in an "Australian Rules" tag team match on August 20. He and Riley faced each other in a singles match the following month. Steele, while arguing with the referee, was pinned by Riley. Steele would wrestle his last match defeating Lee Thomas on October 15, 2005.
Deep South Wrestling (2005-2006).
Steele was transferred to Deep South Wrestling in the fall of 2005. He was less than successful in the singles division losing matches to Johnny Slaughter, Johnny Parisi, Lash LeRoux, Eric Perez, Todd Shane and The Freakin' Deacon. In December, he also teamed with Justin Sane and Ryan Reeves in tag team matches against The Regulators.
He scored his first major victory in the promotion defeating "Uptown" Frankie Capone on January 19, 2006. That same month, he began teaming with Ray Gordy as "Ebony and Ivory" and quickly became a formidable tag team in the promotion facing both The Slaughter Boys and The Gymini during their first weeks as a team. On February 9, they teamed with Bill DeMott to defeat Simon Dean and The Gymini in a 6-man tag team match. They also teamed with Scott Fantastic against Frankie Piazzo and The Slaughter Boys on March 9.
Defeating Frankie Ciasta in a singles match on March 16, he and Gordy defeated Ciasta and his partner Mikal Adryan in a dark match a week later. At that same event, they were defeated by the Blue Bloods (William Regal and David Taylor) in a championship tournament for the DSW Tag Team Championship. On April 13, Steele lost to Palmer Canon in a singles match with Matt Striker as the special guest referee. During the match, The Great Khali interfered knocking out Steele with a headbutt. Ebony and Ivory also faced Sonny Siaki and Jay Bradley and Montel Vontavious Porter and Eric Perez that same month.
On May 4, Steele defeated Francisco Ciatso in a dark match and defeated he and Cru Jones in a tag team match with T-Ray a week later. On June 6, he and Gordy defeated Matt Striker and Cru Jones. They also faced The Great Khali several days later losing to him in a handicap match. The following night at Six Flags, Steele lost to Eric Perez. Steele began wrestling in single matches later that month against Matt Striker, Francisco Ciatso and Derek Niekirk.
On July 13, Ebony and Ivory lost a four-way match to Urban Assault (Eric Perez and Sonny Siaki). The match, which included Team Elite (Tony Salantri and Mike Taylor) and The Major Brothers (Brett and Brian), was to decide the number one contenders to the DSW Tag Team Championship. Defeating Bradley Jay and Chris Rombola a week later, Steel also faced Montel Vontavious Porter, Bradley Jay and Big Bully Douglas in single matches for the next few weeks. On August 31, he and Gordy lost to Bradley Jay and Magnus Maximus in a dark match at a DSW television taping.
Three days later, he and Gordy made their first World Wrestling Entertainment appearance facing The Pitbulls (Jamie Noble and Kid Kash) at the September 2 edition of "SmackDown!". On September 7, they lost to Derrick Neikirk and Danny Gimondo in another dark match on DSW television. Steele also faced Dan Rodimer in the opening match at "Six Flags Over Georgia" held at the Axis Arena in Austell, Georgia two days later.
2007-2009.
Steele remained with Georgia Championship Wrestling after the promotion ended its business relationship with World Wrestling Entertainment. He made his official return on April 17, 2007 when he defeated Randall Johnson with a Northern Lights Suplex in Phenix City, Alabama. At GCW's fourth annual War Games show at the Great Skate Plex on April 24, Steele lost to The Bruiser when he was pinned after receiving a high kick to the head. AJ Steele had originally been scheduled to appear at the event, but was replaced by Damian Steele when his former partner left for the Independent Wrestling Network.
Personal life and death.
Dothard had an on and off relationship with Julie Patterson for nine years. He had two sons. Prior to his death he had been working as a personal trainer.
Dothard died in his sleep on July 22, 2009 at his home in Smyrna, Georgia. Steele had complained of feeling unwell the same evening. The cause of death was later determined as a brain aneurysm.

</doc>
<doc id="19469482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469482" title="Ricardo Paganini">
Ricardo Paganini

Ricardo Paganini is an Argentine former rugby union player and coach. He was born in Rosario and is a orthopaedic surgeon.
Paganini played for Rosario Jockey Club. He would be the team coach for nine seasons, being Rosario Champion for six times.
He formed with Alejandro Petra a partnership of the two head coaches of Argentina at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals. He was replaced by Emilio Perasso after the disappointing performance at the competition. He was assistant coach for the Argentina Sevens, from 1997 to 2001, and head coach from 2001 to 2005.
Paganini helds currently the offices of vice-president of the Unión Argentina de Rugby and president of the CONSUR. He is also a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB) Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19469486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469486" title="Ayrton Drugs">
Ayrton Drugs

Ayrton Drugs Manufacturing Limited is a Ghanaian pharmaceuticals company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It formed on September 24, 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19469498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469498" title="Nuno (given name)">
Nuno (given name)

Nuno is a Portuguese male name, derived either from Latin "Nunnus" (grandfather) or from "Nonnus" (chamberlain or squire). Is a name quite popular in the Portuguese speaking countries and communities. Its Spanish variant is "Nuño". There is also a female variant in Spanish: "Nuña". The patronymic for Nuno is "Nunes" (Portuguese) (see also "Núñez" in Spanish). 
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19469532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469532" title="British American Tobacco Ghana">
British American Tobacco Ghana

British American Tobacco Ghana Limited is a tobacco company operated by British American Tobacco in Ghana. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It formed in 1991.
The factory was shutdown in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19469548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469548" title="Miniature Tigers">
Miniature Tigers

Miniature Tigers is an indie pop band based in Brooklyn, NY that combines elements of indie rock, synthpop, and dream pop. The band is made up of frontman-guitarist Charlie Brand, Rick Schaier on keyboard and vocals, Algernon Quashie on guitar, and Brandon Lee on bass.
Miniature Tigers began their first national tour in October 2008, which included playing a set at the 2008 CMJ Music Marathon.
Miniature Tigers toured with Ben Folds in February and played the 2009 Monolith Festival in September. They have also toured with Fun. in support of their latest album, Some Nights.
Media.
In December 2006, "Rolling Stone" listed Miniature Tigers as "one of the 25 best bands on Myspace." The band has also received favorable attention from "Spin" magazine, which included Miniature Tigers in its list of "The 9 Hottest New Bands Playing CMJ 2008." "Death + Taxes", a music magazine, awarded the band's "Black Magic" and "White Magic" EPs 4 stars, calling the band "terribly endearing."
The music video for "Cannibal Queen" has been featured on mtvU and MTV2's Subterranean.

</doc>
<doc id="19469562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469562" title="Allen Feldman">
Allen Feldman

Allen Feldman is an anthropologist and professor. He is an associate professor of culture and communication at the New York University Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development. In the past, he has taught at Central European University in Budapest, the Institute of Humanities Studies in Ljubljana, Slovenia, and in the Department of Performance Studies at NYU. He received a Ph.D. in cultural anthropology at New School for Social Research, where he also received his M.A. and B.A.
His research and teaching interests include visual culture and violence, the political anthropology of the human body and sense, performance studies, state cultures, and the archaeology of media and technology.
His first book, "Formations of Violence: The Narrative of the Body and Political Terror in Northern Ireland" was published by the University of Chicago Press in 1991 and is a widely acclaimed treatment of the relationship between the objectives of violent politics in Northern Ireland and their application in the methods of real violence as a vehicle for sustaining an ideological content despite its success in achieving political goals. He has recently been working on a project exploring the relationship between "the mediazation of the war" and the "militization of the media". In May 2003, Feldman organized a conference on the subject, The Future of War: Aesthetics, Politics, Technologies in association with the New School and the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council] He is editing a collection of essays based on the work of the conference. He is presently also working on a write-up of his ethnographic fieldwork in The South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission, for which he was awarded a Senior Guggenheim fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="19469569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469569" title="Megumi no Ame">
Megumi no Ame

"Megumi no Ame" is a song by Tibetan singer Alan from her debut Japanese-language album, "Voice of Earth" (2009). The single was released on November 12, 2008, and peaked at number thirty on the "Oricon" charts, charting for three weeks. It is the last of her five consecutive singles in the theme of traditional elements, representing water in the Japanese Godai and the Tibetan Bön.

</doc>
<doc id="19469572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469572" title="Amal Jayawardane">
Amal Jayawardane

Amal Jayawardane is a Sri Lankan historian.
Born in 1947, in the Western province of Sri Lanka. He had his early education at De Mazenod College, Kandana. He obtained his B.A. Honours degree from the University of Ceylon, Peradeniya, Sri Lanka and M.A. Ph.D. from the University of Washington, Seattle, USA. Presently, he is the Dean of the Faculty of Arts, University of Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Formerly he was the Head of the Department of History & International Relations. He was also the coordinator of the M.A. Degree Programme in International Relations, University of Colombo.
He has also served as Visiting Professor at American University, Washington D.C., USA, (Spring Semester 1989) and Research Scholar at the Department of International Relations, London School of Economics and Political Science, U.K. (1989–1990).
Professor Amal Jayawardane also serves as a Consultant to the National Integration Programme Unit (NIPU) of the Ministry of Ethnic Affairs and National Integration.
During the period 1994-1997, he served as a Member of the Presidential Commission of Inquiry in respect of Involuntary Removal and Disappearances of Persons in the Western, Southern and Sabaragamuwa Provinces. Nearly ten thousand witnesses came to give evidence before this Presidential Commission.
He has also functioned as a member of the Coordinating Committee, Centre for the Study of Human Rights (CSHR), University of Colombo; Co-Director, Centre for Policy Studies and Research (CEPRA), University of Colombo; Member of the Board of Directors, Institute of International Studies (IIS), Kandy; Member, Board of Management, Bandaranaike Centre For International Studies (BCIS) and the Sri Lanka Institute of International Relations (SLIIR).
His recent publications include two edited books: "Perspectives on National integration in Sri Lanka" (Colombo: Karunaratna & Sons), 2006 and "Documents on Sri Lanka’s Foreign Policy, 1947–1965", Colombo: Ceylon Printers Limited, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19469576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469576" title="Long Branch Stakes">
Long Branch Stakes

The Long Branch Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey. Open to three-year-olds, it is contested on dirt over a distance of 11/16 miles (8.5 furlongs). Raced in mid July, the Long Branch Stakes is a prep race for the $1 million Haskell Invitational Handicap in early August.
First run in 1878, it was raced annually through 1893 after which the race track closed its gates. The race was revived in 1947 as the Long Branch Handicap following the 1946 reopening of the new Monmouth Park. There was no race from 1959 to 1962. In 1963 it was restarted as the Long Branch Stakes. In 2013 the race will be in its 79th running.
Fort Marcy won this race in 1967, the filly De La Rose in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19469584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469584" title="Hangzhou City Walls">
Hangzhou City Walls

The first defensive barrier in the Hangzhou area can be traced back 5000 years to the Neolithic jade-carving Liangzhu Culture. The Liangzhu culture built earthen walls that served two purposes, to protect their settlements from invaders and to serve as dikes to prevent flooding. Over the subsequent course of Chinese history, Hangzhou changed hands many times, and every ruler and every dynasty had its own contributions and modifications to the Hangzhou City Walls. While little remains of them today, the fact that Hangzhou was once a walled city is still evidenced by certain place names around town, especially the names of its ten gatehouses.
Sui Period.
Hanghzou's first city walls were built during the Sui Period in the 11th year of Sui Kaihuang, corresponding to 591 AD. Its perimeter is recorded as being 36 li and 90 paces long. Its eastern boundary would have been about where Zhonghe Road (中河路) is today. The western wall ran along the eastern bank of Xihu, the West Lake. To the south the wall pressed up against Fenghuang Mountain (凤凰山) and its northern limit was the Qiantang Gate (钱塘门), roughly where today's No. 6 Park (六公园) is. Certain parts of modern day Hangzhou's downtown area would not have been included inside the Sui city walls, such as Mt. Wu (吴山) being excluded by an indent in the wall and Wulin Road (武林路) being too far north.

</doc>
<doc id="19469585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469585" title="HSC-6">
HSC-6

HSC-6 Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron Six, also known as "Indians" is a helicopter squadron of the United States Navy established in 1956. The squadron was commissioned as Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron Six and completed transition to Helicopter Sea Combat on 8 July 2011. Based at Naval Air Station North Island, HSC-6 is part of Carrier Air Wing 11 and deploys aboard the .
History.
Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron SIX was established on June 1, 1956 aboard midway between the islands of Formosa and Okinawa. Initially, the squadron flew the HO4S Chickasaw, but two years later transitioned to the HSS-1N Seabat and gained a new mission, Anti-Submarine Warfare (ASW). In April 1960, the squadron joined Carrier Anti-Submarine Group FIVE THREE aboard . In March 1962 the squadron again changed aircraft when Sikorsky’s SH-3 Sea King entered the fleet. The Sea King, incorporating upgrades over the years, would take HS-6 into the 1990s. Along the way, the squadron built a history and a reputation worthy of the name, “World Famous Indians.” HS-6 recovered Mercury Program astronauts Wally Schirra in 1962 and Gordon Cooper in 1963. In 1966, during U.S. strikes into Vietnam, the Indians rescued 16 downed aviators, for which the squadron received the Navy Unit Commendation. A SEVENTH Fleet Commendation followed in 1969 for services provided following the collision at sea between and . In 1971, the "Indians" recovered the crew of Apollo 14 returning from the moon. Later that year, the squadron deployed to the east coast to join Carrier Air Wing SEVEN aboard to conduct an evaluation of the emerging CV concept.
In 1974, the squadron began a nine-year association with and Carrier Air Wing NINE. This successful partnership resulted in Battle “E” Awards in 1974 and 1978 and back-to-back Captain Arnold Jay Isbell Trophies for ASW excellence in 1977 and 1978. The squadron also won the CNO Safety ‘S’ Award in 1977. In 1975, HS-6 briefly revisited its participation in the space program, recovering the Apollo-Soyuz astronauts. The squadron’s final deployment on board the "Constellation" was highlighted by 19 open ocean rescues. HS-6 again won back-to-back Captain Arnold Jay Isbell Trophies in 1985 and 1986. Additionally, in 1986, the squadron received the Admiral Jimmy Thach Award for carrier-based ASW excellence and the CNO Safety ‘S’ Award. In 1988 the Indians received worldwide recognition for rescuing a seriously injured Japanese fisherman. That year, HS-6 would also receive the Sikorsky Maintenance Award, the CNO Safety ‘S’ Award, and the Joint Meritorious Unit Commendation. HS-6 later joined Carrier Air Wing ELEVEN (CVW-11) and began deploying on board until 1989 when the Indians finished with an Around the World cruise. On that cruise, HS-6 won the first ever DESRON 21 “Order of the Pummeled Dolphin” award for excellence in ASW. In 1990, the squadron transitioned to Sikorsky SH-60 Seahawk and Sikorsky HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopters. Armed with these new, highly capable aircraft, the Indians remained part of CVW 11 and from 1990 to 2003 conducted several successful deployments aboard , , , and , to the Western Pacific, Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf. 
In 2001, during the opening days of the Global War on Terrorism, HS-6 conducted a joint detachment with HS-11, staging their HH-60H helicopters at a forward base in Pakistan to provide Combat Search and Rescue for the initial Operation Enduring Freedom air strikes into Afghanistan. Following another FIFTH Fleet deployment in 2003, the "Indians" deployed in the summer of 2004 aboard for its South American inter-fleet transit. WESTPAC 2005 found HS-6 focused on Operation Iraqi Freedom, flying over 2,500 hours and nearly 1,000 sorties from and Camp Arifjan, Kuwait to patrol the skies of Southern Iraq. That year, the Indians were awarded the CNO Safety ‘S’ Award, COMPACFLT Retention Excellence Award, and Arleigh Burke Fleet Trophy. The squadron’s exceptional support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom during WESTPAC ’07, and their performance in the SEVENTH Fleet throughout WESTPAC ’08 earned the Indians the 2007 Battle “E”, and back to back CNO Safety ‘S’ Awards in 2007 and 2008. In March 2010, the squadron completed its final cruise with H-60 F/H helicopters, an eight month deployment to FIFTH Fleet in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.
HS-6 began the transition to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron SIX in early 2011, and will deploy with eight MH-60S helicopters as an integral part of the CVW 11 / USS "Nimitz" (CVN-68) team in late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19469603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469603" title="Sadanam Krishnankutty">
Sadanam Krishnankutty

Sadanam Krishnankutty (born 9 November 1941) is a kathakali artist from Cherpulassery in Palakkad district, Kerala, India.
After leaving school at the age of 15, Krishnankutty was admitted to the Gandhi Seva Sadanam Kathakali Academy in Perur district, Palakkad. There he learned from people such as Krishnankutty Nair, Sankara Narayanan Embranthiry and Thekkinkattil Ravunny Nair.
In 1962, after years of training, he became the second person to be awarded a scholarship for higher studies by the Government of India. For these he was taught by Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair for three years. He was also trained by Maani Madhava Chakyar in "Rasabhinaya" (facial gestures) and "Nethrabhinaya" (eye gestures).
Krishnankutty gained recognition as a good kathakali actor in his home state. notably in performances in "Pacha,Kathi", "Kari,Thadi" and "Minukku". He continued to act while undertaking some teaching roles both in India and in places such as France, Germany and Japan.
Foreign tours - 
In 1974, was invited for the first time to represent Kathakali through workshops and stage performances to France for six months. There onwards, it became a regular requirement through similar forums in other countries too, that has continued for more than 30 times now.
Venturing through multi-characters - 
Has all along been an artist capable of conceiving any number of characters with every differentiation and hence could enact leading characters in more than 25 new stories. Even today, he is in the process of adding such feathers into Kathakali every year. Specific mentions:
Illiad, King Lear, Julius Ceasor, Kanya bali, Bhishma Prathinja,Amba, Uttara Rama Charitham, Mahi Ravana charitham, Lakshmanaputhri, Rugmivadham, Karnaparvam, Sapamochanam, Karna Charitham,Sathi Sulochana,Syamanthakam, Devayani garvabhangam,Vamanavijayam, Bheema Bandhanam, David Vijayam, Dharmasasta Charitham, Sarayu Pravesam, Dasamukha Ravanan, Ekalavya Charitham, Paanchali Mahathmyam.
The extent to which he is possessive of character is reflected in a very specific and bold decision to re-introduce the olden ‘Parasurama’ that was lost for almost sixty years.
Other exposure - 
The glitters in Kathakali created an opportunity to enact the important character of ‘Kelu’ in the Malayalam film ‘Marattam’, directed by G. Aravindan, winner of state, national and international awards; The story written by Padmabhushan Kavalam Narayana Paniker, the famous poet and dramatist, and cinematographed by Padmashree Shaji N. Karun.
On receiving ’Kalaratna’ award in March 1997 at Irinjalakuda… when all the leading personalities from all walks of life participated. And increased warmth with Kathakali.
People of his native place Cherpulassery extending ‘Veera Srumkhala’in February 1998…when all the important personalities, Public as well as from the Kathakali world came together; the 24 hours’ function was inaugurated by the then Minister of State for Culture.
On the eve of 60th birthday, in November 2002 a similar function with extensive participation of leading people was organized at Irinjalakuda by the Kathakali lovers from all over Kerala, when a ’Keerti Phalakam’ was presented.
Completion of 50 years of stage performances in Kathakali brought another extensive reception, this time from all over the world. The function was organized in January 2007 at Irinjalakuda, exclusively by all the Kathakali lovers on the occasion, the second ‘Veera Srumkhala’ was awarded.
Once again the native place Cherpulassery honoured him on the occasion of his 70th birth anniversary in February 2012 with a ‘Swarna Mudra’, participated by many leading personalities from the film world too.
The most prestigious one, extended to any classical artist in Kerala while still performing, being the ‘Sapthathy’ celebration in March 2012…It was a grand ceremony that witnessed four days’ extensive and exceptional sessions…organized by the Irinjalakuda Municipal Council. It was the first of its kind when all the political forums ensured presence. And all the leading classical artforms of southern India were represented. On the occasion apart from direct submission of respects by hundreds of people, a ‘Swarna Haaram’ was presented.
Awards and recogntion.
He is married and lives in Irinjalakuda, Thrissur district, Kerala.
more details-Facebook/ sadanam krishnankutty, Facebook group/ sadanam krishnankutty

</doc>
<doc id="19469607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469607" title="Treaty of Valençay">
Treaty of Valençay

The Treaty of Valençay (December 11, 1813), after the château of the same name belonging to French foreign minister Charles Maurice de Talleyrand, was drafted by Antoine René Mathurin and José Miguel de Carvajal y Manrique on behalf of the French Empire and the Spanish Crown respectively. Intended as the preliminary to a full peace treaty between France and Spain, the agreement provided for the restoration of Ferdinand VII of Spain, imprisoned at Valençay since 1808, to the Spanish throne usurped by Joseph Bonaparte.
Included in the terms was an armistice which neither side, mistrusting the other's intentions, fully intended to respect. It appears Napoleon also extracted an oath from Ferdinand in a secret protocol which required the Spanish monarch to turn the Spanish Army against the British and Portuguese should Wellington continue to use Spain as a base of operations against France. In any event, the Cádiz Cortes duly repudiated the treaty once Ferdinand reached the safety of Madrid. The Peninsular War would drag on until Napoleon's final defeat in France by the powers of the Sixth Coalition.

</doc>
<doc id="19469633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469633" title="1928 New Zealand rugby union tour of South Africa">
1928 New Zealand rugby union tour of South Africa

In 1928, the New Zealand national rugby union team (the All Blacks) undertook a three-month tour of South Africa.
The series of four Test matches was drawn 2-2 and the overall tour record was sixteen wins, five losses and one draw.
Touring party.
Full Back.
H.T.Lilburne (Canterbury)
Three-Quarters.
B.A.Grenside (Hawke's Bay)
A.C. Robilliard (Canterbury)
C.A. Rushbrook Wellington)
F.W.Lucas (Auckland)
S.R.Carleton (Canterbury)

</doc>
<doc id="19469634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469634" title="Feliza Teresita Nuesa Miro">
Feliza Teresita Nuesa Miro

Feliza Teresita "Liz" Nuesa Miro (a.k.a. Lisa Teresa Santos Miro, Feliza Teresita Miro, Feliza Teresa Miro, Feliza Teresa Nuevo Miro, and Tetchie Miro Estrella) was born on May 11, 1953 in Manila, Philippines to Engr. Antonio Santos Miro of San Pablo, Isabela and Feliza Teresita "Tess" Pimentel Nuesa of Santa Cruz, Ilocos Sur. She was the eldest of 8 siblings.
She won the first Miss Republic of the Philippines 1969 Beauty Pageant (defeated Vida Doria, Bb. Pilipinas-Universe 1971) and was the Philippines' official candidate to the Miss World 1969 Beauty Pageant in London, United Kingdom. After her reign as Miss Philippines, she starred in the movie "Kill RP 90" (1974) with Senator Ramon B. Revilla.
She was widowed on her first marriage to Renato J. Dupaya, son of Congressman Tito M. Dupaya of the 1st District, Cagayan Province(1962–1972, 3rd District 1987-1992) and Governor Teresa J. Dupaya, Cagayan Province(1964–1980, 1987). Then married Congressman Conrado "Jojo" B. Estrella, Jr., 5th District, Pangasinan(1987–1992) son of Secretary Conrado F. Estrella, Sr., Department of Agrarian Reform(1966–1986). She has three children; Michelle Teresa Miro Dupaya-Tumagay, Marvine Simon Miro Estrella, and Marlon Matthew Miro Estrella.
She was elected Municipal Mayor of Villasis, Pangasinan(1988–1992), making her the Philippines' first major beauty title holder to hold such a position and also the first female mayor of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19469665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469665" title="Benso Oil Palm Plantation">
Benso Oil Palm Plantation

Benso Oil Palm Plantation is a Ghanaian oil palm plantation and company, based at the Adum Banso Estate in Takoradi. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index, its symbol is (BOPP). It formed in 2004 and is involved with the production and processing of crude palm oil.

</doc>
<doc id="19469709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469709" title="Dunning (disambiguation)">
Dunning (disambiguation)

Dunning is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland with a population of about 1000.
Dunning may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19469726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469726" title="Cocoa Processing Company">
Cocoa Processing Company

The Cocoa Processing Company Limited is a Ghanaian cocoa processing company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It formed in 1981.
Products.
The Company’s products have won several local and international quality awards, thereby confirming the organoleptic quality of food products presented to consumers. In the year 2002, nine of the company’s products have been presented at the World Quality Selections, organized by Monde Selection. Eight of them (the seven branded chocolates and Alltime) have received a Gold Quality Award and one of them (Vitaco) – a Silver Quality Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19469733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469733" title="Secretary of State of West Virginia">
Secretary of State of West Virginia

The Secretary of State of West Virginia is an elected office within the U.S. state of West Virginia state government. The secretary of state is responsible for overseeing the state's election process, including voter registration and election results reporting.
West Virginia is one of only three states that does not have a Lieutenant Governor. The Secretary of State assumes many of the roles traditionally reserved for the lieutenant governor, and is second-in-command in the event the governor is unable to carry out the duties of office.
The current Secretary of State, Natalie Tennant (D-Kanawha Co.), was elected in November 2008 and assumed the office in January 2009.
Elections.
The Office of Secretary of State is a publicly elected statewide position with elections held every four years. Elections are held in November and officers assume their duties the following January. There are no term limits for the office.
If the office of secretary of state becomes vacant, it is the duty of the governor to fill the position by appointment. The appointee serves until a new commissioner is elected.
Qualifications for being elected to the office are that one is a citizen entitled to vote, who has been a resident of West Virginia for at least the preceding 5 years.
Duties.
The West Virginia Secretary of State is the smallest constitutional office in the state - physically, fiscally, and in terms of the number of staff. The duties of the office, though, are extensive. The primary responsibility of the secretary is to serve as the chief election officer. The "work horse" of the office is the business and licensing division, which registers, licenses, and keeps a database of all businesses, corporations, charities, notary publics, private investigators, and sports agents operating within West Virginia. The secretary also files public notices of all state agency meetings, sends official documents on behalf of the governor, and certifies gubernatorial proclamations by affixing the state seal and their signature to official documents.
Organization.
The Secretary of State's Office is organized as follows:
The Secretary of State also serves as registered agents for service of process for certain types of defendants in lawsuits.
List of West Virginia Secretaries of State.
Below is a list of West Virginia's Secretaries of State since 1863:

</doc>
<doc id="19469739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469739" title="2008 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships">
2008 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships

The 2008 KNSB Dutch Allround Championships in speed skating were held at the Kardinge ice stadium in Groningen, Netherlands on 27 and 28 December 2007. Although the event took place in December 2007 this was the 2008 edition as it is part of the 2007-08 speed skating season.
Sven Kramer defended his 2007 title by winning all four distances. In the women's tournament Ireen Wüst won the tournament with only winning the opening 500 m, young gun Marrit Leenstra won the 1500 m and veteran Renate Groenewold the 3000 m and 5000 m.
Medalists.
Distance.
NOTE: TR = Track Record
Men's results.
Source male: Schaatsstatistieken.nl 
Women's results.
Source women: Schaatsstatistieken.nl 

</doc>
<doc id="19469756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469756" title="Macao Special Administrative Region Travel Permit">
Macao Special Administrative Region Travel Permit

The Macao Special Administrative Region Travel Permit (Traditional Chinese: 澳門特別行政區旅行證) is a biometric international travel document issued to non-permanent residents of Macau SAR holding Chinese nationality, who also possess a Macau SAR Non-Permanent Resident Identity Card, and are not eligible for any other type of travel document. Permanent residents of Macau of non-Chinese nationality are also eligible.
Use.
Few foreign countries/territories which offer visa-free access to Macao SAR passport holders confer the same privilege to holders of the Macao SAR Travel Permit. 
However, recognised refugees and stateless individuals only who possess a Macao SAR Travel Permit can enter Germany and Hungary visa-free for a maximum of 90 days out of a 180 day period. In the case of Germany, for recognised refugees to enter visa-free, their Document of Identity must be endorsed and issued under the terms of the Agreement of 15 October 1946 regarding the issue of travel documents to refugees, the Convention relating to the
Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951 or the Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons of 28 September 1954. This visa exemption does not apply to Chinese nationals who hold a MSAR Travel Permit since they are neither refugees nor stateless individuals.
If the holder of a Macao SAR Travel Permit is a school pupil who is an Annex I national (i.e. he/she is required to possess a visa for all stays in Schengen agreement states), he/she can nonetheless enter Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Sweden visa-free by virtue of Article 4(2) as long as he/she is travelling as part of a school trip led by a school teacher for a maximum of 90 days within a 180 day period. For entry into Sweden, the school pupil must be less than 18 years old. This visa exemption applies equally to any Annex I national holding a national passport who is resident in Macao (e.g. a Chinese citizen resident in Macau who holds a Mainland China passport) who satisfies the above conditions.
Holders of the Macao SAR Travel Permit who are not Chinese citizens are not entitled to the consular protection offered by the People's Republic of China government while overseas. However, Chinese foreign missions are able to assist should a Travel Permit become lost or stolen whilst abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19469763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469763" title="Guinness Ghana Breweries">
Guinness Ghana Breweries

Guinness Ghana Breweries () is a Ghanaian brewery based at the Kaasai Industrial Area in Kumasi. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It formed in 1991.When production started at its inception, the company produced only Guinness Foreign Extra Stout, popularly known as Guinness. The primary depot was at the same position with stores across the country particularly in the south. In 1988/89 another brand, this time non-alcoholic beverage, Malta Guinness was introduced and that became an instant hit capturing almost 70% of that market. 

</doc>
<doc id="19469781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469781" title="Providence Road (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Providence Road (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Providence Road is a stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley in Aldan, Pennsylvania. It is officially located at Woodlawn Avenue & Providence Road. Because trolleys travel in the middle of the street at this stop, there are no platforms. Parking is not available and commuters must wait on the sidewalks for trolleys. However, unlike the nearby former Shisler Avenue stop and existing Magnolia Avenue stop, the Providence Road stop does have a shelter where commuters can go inside during bad weather. That shelter was converted into a museum in 1997.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Chester Pike in Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. The shelter is located on the northeast corner of the intersection, which also contains a local school with an athletic field owned by the school extending as far north as Merion Avenue. Providence Road is also the name of a station on the Route 101 trolley line in Media. Unlike the two Springfield Road stations, this Providence Road is not the same street as the one in Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19469787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469787" title="Biemesderfer Stadium">
Biemesderfer Stadium

Biemesderfer Stadium is the American football stadium at Millersville University of Pennsylvania, and is located in Millersville, Pennsylvania. Originally known as Biemesderfer Field, it has been the Marauders' football home facility since 1958. The stadium was constructed for a price of $450,000 and opened in 1970. Biemesderfer Stadium was named for Daniel Luke Biemesderfer, who was Millersville University's ninth president from 1943 to 1965.
In 1985, a lighting system was added to Biemesderfer Stadium to allow night games to be played at the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19469788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469788" title="Providence Road (SEPTA station)">
Providence Road (SEPTA station)

Providence Road may refer to the following Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (SEPTA) Surface Media and Sharon Hill Trolley Lines stations:

</doc>
<doc id="19469817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469817" title="OpenSTA">
OpenSTA

OpenSTA is a feature-rich GUI-based web server benchmarking utility that can perform scripted HTTP and HTTPS heavy load tests with performance measurements. It is freely available and distributable under the open source GNU General Public License. OpenSTA currently only runs on Microsoft Windows-based operating systems.
Scripts are recorded in a proprietary language called "SCL". It is a fairly simple coding language that provides support for custom functions, variable scopes, and random or sequential lists.
OpenSTA was originally written by Cyrano who ran into financial difficulties and were taken over by Quotium in 2001.
Cyrano's intentions were to write commercial plug in modules and support for OpenSTA for performance testing non-web applications.
Note that the most recent version posted on the OpenSTA home page is 1.4.4, released 27 Oct, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19469821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469821" title="Philippe Cramer">
Philippe Cramer

Philippe Cramer (May 8, 1970) is a Swiss and American designer.
Cramer was born in New York and grew up in Geneva. He graduated from Parsons The New School for Design. Philippe Cramer started his own design company (Cramer + Cramer) and his own brand ("Philippe Cramer") in 2001. Cramer has worked with many institutions and companies such as Bernhardt Design, Eternit, La Cour des Augustins, CCS Milan. 
The Philippe Cramer brand provides a broad range of services, bringing art form to life through product design, interior design and jewellery design. 
In October 2010, Cramer opened a solo installation at the Museum of Art and History of Geneva. This new exhibition was organized for the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Museum, and affirmed Cramer's place in the circle of Switzerland's leading designers. 
Profiles of Cramer and photographs of his creations have been published in many leading magazines and newspapers such as V Magazine, Elle Deco, Wallpaper, Elle decoration, Metropolis, AD France, Le Temps, the Financial Times.

</doc>
<doc id="19469828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469828" title="Total Petroleum Ghana">
Total Petroleum Ghana

Total Petroleum Ghana (), formerly known as Mobil Oil Ghana Limited is a Ghanaian petroleum company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. As of October 30, 2006 it operated 225 petrol stations across Ghana with a significant 28% of the market.

</doc>
<doc id="19469838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469838" title="TalkSports">
TalkSports

TalkSports is a user-generated sports site run by Rapid Spiral Development that has attracted controversy because of gossip and photos contributed by users about the private lives of professional athletes. The web site contains forums for every major sport athlete where fans can discuss, post pictures and links. "We get a lot of comments about players cheating or whether he has a big or small you-know-what," site publisher Randy Charles Morin told The Globe and Mail. The website was featured in the "Washington Post" and Canoe.ca websites.
Legal issues.
TalkSports is often the target of legal challenges by sports athletes and their agents. Some include:
Sale.
TalkSports has announced that it is for sale for 5M+.
Attempt.
The NFL Players tried to organize a buyout of Talk Sports. If 1000 players paid 1000 each, then the players could buy the website. Unfortunate they were not able to get enough players on board.

</doc>
<doc id="19469875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469875" title="Eatontown Handicap">
Eatontown Handicap

The Eatontown Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey. Raced in mid June, it is open to fillies & mares, three years of age and older. It is contested on turf over a distance of 11/16 miles (8.5 furlongs) and offers a purse of $150,000 plus a trophy. 
First run in 1971, the Grade III Eatontown is named for Eatontown, New Jersey, a Borough near the Monmouth Park track.
In 1972, 1973, 1976, 1980, 1981, 1986 and 1987, it was run in two divisions. In 2006, the race was run on dirt.
Records.
Speed record:

</doc>
<doc id="19469900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469900" title="Nelliyode Vasudevan Namboodiri">
Nelliyode Vasudevan Namboodiri

Nelliyode Vasudevan Namboodiri or Nelliyod Vasudevan Namboodiri is a Kathakali artiste noted primarily for his vibrant portrayal of the villainous chuvanna thaadi (red beard) roles of the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. A prominent disciple of the late Padma Shri Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair of the Kalluvazhi tradition, he also excels in pious Kathakali roles like Kuchelan (Sudama) besides demonic 'kari' roles like Nakrathundi, Simhika, Soorpanakha and Lanka Lakshmi besides the black-bearded Kaatalan (woodsman). However, primarily Nelliyode is famous for his essaying cruel characters like Kali, Trigartan, Dushasanan, Bakan, Veerabhadran.
A native of Cheranalloor in Ernakulam district, Nelliyode joined the PSV Natyasangham in Kottakkal in 1957 and received training in Kathakali largely under Kunchu Nair. After a teaching stint in Kerala Kalamandalam, he joined as a Kathakali teacher at the Central High School in Thiruvananthapuram.
Possessing deep knowledge in Sanskrit and the Hindu Puranas, Nelliyode is also capable of presenting Patakam, a classical temple art that tests one's oratory calibre as well. 
A winner of awards from the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi and the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Akademi, Nelliyode lives in Poojapura off Thiruvananthapuram. 

</doc>
<doc id="19469907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469907" title="Psalm 42">
Psalm 42

Psalm 42 is a psalm in the Book of Psalms. It is one of the thirteen Maschil Psalms, dedicated "To the chief Musician, Maschil, for the sons of Korah." It begins "Sicut cervus" in Latin of the Old Roman Psalter, and "Quemadmodum" in the Vulgate Psalter of St. Jerome, "As pants the hart" in the metrical version by Tate and Brady, and "As the hart panteth" in the King James English text set to music by Huffman.
Musical Settings.
Its musical settings include:

</doc>
<doc id="19469916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469916" title="Claude Wilton">
Claude Wilton

Claude Wilton (1919 – 24 September 2008) was a politician, solicitor and civil rights campaigner from Northern Ireland.
Wilton's father was James McElmunn Wilton, an Ulster Unionist Party politician and Mayor of Londonderry. Claude Wilton was born in Eden Terrace, Derry. He was educated at Foyle College and Trinity College, Dublin where he studied law for three years. After qualifying as a solicitor, he operated his own practice at Waterloo Place and, later, in Great James' Street in Derry.
Wilton retained his Protestant faith, but channelled his activities into the Civil Rights Movement. He was elected as an officer of the Derry Citizen's Action Committee (DCAC) in late 1968 and called for Protestants in Derry to "stand up and be counted" in regard to the early campaign for civil rights in Northern Ireland. He worked as one of Derry's best-known solicitors and often represented the poor and underprivileged.
Wilton was disappointed at the decision of the Unionist Stormont government not to locate the province's second university in Derry. He regarded it as another example of government's neglect of a predominantly Republican and Catholic city. He decided to stand for election at the Northern Ireland general election, 1965 in the City of Londonderry seat for the Ulster Liberal Party. The seat was held by a Unionist, who had been unopposed in recent elections. Wilton polled 47% of the vote.
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1969, Wilton stood again in the City of Londonderry. According to Ivan Cooper, he used the slogan "Vote for Claude the Catholic prod". He was reduced to 35.1% of the votes cast, but reduced the Unionist majority to 710 votes and narrowly missed being elected. Immediately after the election, he was elected to the Senate of Northern Ireland, remaining a member until the body was prorogued in 1972. While serving as a Senator, he joined the Social Democratic and Labour Party.
Wilton was involved in local football, being President of the North West Football Association and Chairman of Derry City F.C.
Wilton died in Altnagelvin hospital at the age of 89, after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19469934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469934" title="Nikša Ranjina's Miscellany">
Nikša Ranjina's Miscellany

Nikša Ranjina's Miscellany, or simply Ranjina's Miscellany, is the oldest lyrical miscellany of Croatian vernacular lyric poetry, one of the most important pieces of Croatian Renaissance literature.
Writer of the miscellany is a Dubrovnik nobleman Nikša Ranjina, who started copying down poems in his childhood. He started writing them in 1507 as a thirteen-year-old boy, and it is not known when he finished the piece. The resulting voluminous manuscript corresponds in character to English Tottel's Miscellany. Poems in the miscellany deal chiefly with the topic of love and are written prevalently in doubly rhymed dodecayllabic meter. Most of the poems are authored by Šiško Menčetić and Džore Držić, and a minority by other, unknown poets, representing the first generation of Dubrovnik Petrarchists. Miscellany is written in very readable handwriting, in a very pedantic and reliable way.
Love is being celebrated and described in the miscellany not as much as a topic of poet's intimate perception, but rather as a form of social play governed by prescribed norms of conduct. Poems list various phases and forms of love: wooing, declaration of love, plea to return love, celebration of physical and spiritual attributes of the loved one, "fairy maidens", pain of unrequited love etc. As recipients, objects of poet's messages, fairies, maidens, Amor, but also various objects and phenomena are referred to.
In a literary and historical perspective, Ranjina's Miscellany represents a synthesis of diverse literary influences, ranging from troubadour-knightly and medieval Italian, all the way to various instances of Petrarchan poetry and Petrarchism. Sometimes the relationships with vernacular, Croatian folk lyrics are emphasized, even though it's hard to make precise judgment on it as there are no other records of Croatian folk lyrics of that period.
Ranjina's Miscellany contains more than 800 poems, in a very unusual organization, likely reflecting its multifarious origins. It is composed from two parts. The first part of 610 poems contains poems authored probably only by Šiško Menčetić and Džore Držić, arranged alphabetically according to the first word of the poem, without the attribution of the authorship. The second part (poem 611-820) lists poem of various authors, again in alphabetical order, some of which can be ascribed to Menčetić since they're found also in the manuscripts of that author. For some of them it cannot be definitely ascertained whether they're Menčetić's or Držić's (but certainly are written by one of them). One of the poems has been signed by Marin Krstičević, and to him are also attributed a couple of poems expressing the maiden's complaint, linked with the "baracola" type, the girl shouting the name of her beloved to the oncoming sailors. One can also with certainty be assigned to Mato Hispani, and two of the poems are Vetranović's; the authorship of the rest of the poems has been variously guessed. A number of poems, displaying through the acrostic the name of "Kata", are usually attributed to a certain Andrija Zlatar ('Andrew the Goldmisth'), sometimes identified with Andrija Čubranović, of whom again nothing is known for certain except that a "zingaresca", now attributed to Mikša Pelegrinović, was published under his name. Some of the "Kata" poems are typical of the new sentiment and style.
The anonymous folk-style poems ("na narodnu", as they were dubbed a hundred years ago by the first editor of the collection, Vatroslav Jagić) were previously attributed to Džore Držić. Some of them seem to be just recorded oral poetry, but some imitate the country-side manner with an attitude of good-humoured teasing. Some again, as "" (") are nodoubtedly remnants of an older, pre-Petrarchan fashion. Authors of folk-stype poems abundantly and consciously lean on the poetry of the contemporary oral poetry, incorporating sporadically elements of non-folk origin, such as the rhyme form or the elements of more "scholarly" concepts of loving relationship.
The manuscript of the Miscellany was published in two critical editions: the first by Vatroslav Jagić in 1870 and the second by Milan Rešetar in 1937, in a completely reorganized edition in which some obsolete Jagić's assumptions were abandoned. Both of the editions were in the Academy's series of "Stari pisci hrvatski" ('Old Croatian writers'), and expanded with the poems originating from younger manuscripts. The original of Ranjina's Miscellany was held in the library of Zadar gymnasium and has been destroyed during the Axis bombings in the WW2.
Nikša Ranjina's Miscellany is nowadays chiefly mentioned with regard to Menčetić's and Držić's name, which is in fact misleading. Had not Ragusan noblemen compiled his manuscript, their poems would still be known from younger sources. Ranjina's Miscellany is above all an important source of anonymous texts it has preserved and which do not make appearance in other sources. Without it, an insight into the production of smaller poets from the end off the 15th century and the beginning of the 16the century, not known by name nowadays and probably not all that important, could not have been gained, and that insight is valuable for establishing the type, dynamics and the development of the contemporary Dubrovnik literary life. The miscellany also bears witness of the popularity of the first generation of Dubrovnik love poets, i.e. it is an important evidence of the early spread - almost dominance, of vernacular love lyrics in Dubrovnik. It was obviously at the beginning of the 16th century a well-established phenomenon having developed a series of completely formal conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="19469938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469938" title="HSM-41">
HSM-41

Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 41 (HSM-41) Seahawks is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at NAS North Island, San Diego, California.
History.
Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 41 (HSM 41) is the Navy’s Fleet Replacement Squadron dedicated to training new MH-60R pilots and aircrew. When commissioned on January 21, 1983, as Helicopter Anti-Submarine Light 41 (HSL-41) it was the Navy’s first Light Airborne Multi-Purpose System (LAMPS) MK III squadron and flew the Sikorsky SH-60B helicopter. HSL-41 trained pilots and aircrew for the west coast HSL squadrons in San Diego, Hawaii, and Japan. 
The success of West Coast LAMPS detachments in the Pacific Ocean, Indian Ocean, and Persian Gulf is a tribute to the quality of initial and follow-on training that has been the hallmark of HSM 41. As a result, the squadron was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation in 1985, 1988, 1991 and 2002.
On 8 December 2006, HSL-41 changed its name from Helicopter Anti-Submarine Squadron Light 41 to Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron 41. In February 2008, HSM 41 surpassed 140,000 flight hours without a major aircraft incident and celebrated its 25th anniversary. Since 1983, HSM 41 has trained over 3,000 Fleet Replacement Pilots and Aircrew for service in LAMPS MK III and MH-60R fleet squadrons. In 2013, the squadron reached 170,000 flight hours without a major incident.
On 14 March 2013, a helicopter belonging to the squadron made an emergency landing in Chula Vista.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19469942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469942" title="Riccardo Zegna">
Riccardo Zegna

Riccardo Zegna (1946–) is an Italian jazz musician.
Biography.
Zegna was born near Turin into a family of musicians. As a very young child he toured northern Italy playing the congas in the Zegna Big Band of his father Ilario. At the age of 5 he also started playing drums, and at 13 began studying classical piano. In 1970 he gained a diploma from the Nicolo Paganini Conservatory in Genoa, and began consequently performing in piano recitals. 
In 1976, after performing in countless jam sessions at Turin's "Swing Club" or Milan's "Capolinea" club, Zegna then starting dedicating his career to jazz. The late 1970s and 1980s saw him collaborating with various musicians including Buddy Tate, Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Sweets Edison, Bob Berg, Bob Haggart, Gil Goldstein, Lee Konitz, George Coleman, Steve Grossman and Kay Winding.
In 1983 he played at the "Parade du Jazz" with Pepper Adams in Nice, France. He has appeared as sideman on numerous recordings and in 1986 appeared on the albums "Alliance", "Simbiosi" and "Disguise" along with saxophonist Pietro Tonolo and Joe Chambers. 
In 1996 Zegna finally released his first solo piano album "Andalusa" to critical and artistic acclaim, and another soon after with a trio, entitled "Green Dolphin Street". In 1999 he was invited to play with Paul Jeffrey at the Savoy Club in New York and at the Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. That same year he formed his own group with clarinettist Gabriele Mirabassi, where he was finally able to experiment with amalgamating chamber music and jazz, choosing jazz and classical musicians to perform his compositions. The result of this was the album "Piccolo Valzer" and soon after "Barcarola", both for the Italian label Egea. 
Zegna has appeared at the Umbria Jazz Festival many times, either as sideman or with his own group. In 2002 he played for Radio ORF in Vienna. In 2004, again with Pietro Tonolo, recorded the album "Oltremare", with Paul Motion. Another milestone for 2004 was his piano solo performance at the Southport International Jazz Festival. In 2006 he released his third album for Egea entitled "Carillon". In 2007, he worked as arranger and pianist on the theatrical production of "Marilyn Monroe in Jazz" with the English singer Joanna Rimmer. Since 1983 Riccardo has been teaching every summer at the Siena Jazz Seminars in Tuscany, and he currently teaches jazz at the conservatory of music in Cuneo near Turin in Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="19469946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469946" title="Ecobank Ghana">
Ecobank Ghana

Ecobank Ghana is a commercial bank in Ghana. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by the Bank of Ghana, the national banking regulator.
Overview.
EBG is a member of the Pan-African Ecobank chain which operates in thirty two (32) countries. The stock of Ecobank Ghana is listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange, where its shares are traded under the symbol:EBG. The bank is a fully networked commercial bank in Ghana with branches in almost all regions of the nation.
History.
The bank was formed in 1990. In December 2011, Bank of Ghana, the central bank of the country, which also functions as the national banking regulator, gave approval for Ecobank Transnational to acquire 100% interest in The Trust Bank (TTB), another licenced commercial bank. At the time, the total asset valuation of TTB was approximately US$119 million (GHS:220 million). Ecobank is in the process of merging TTB and EBG. The new bank will be known as Ecobank Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="19469976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469976" title="Standard Chartered Ghana">
Standard Chartered Ghana

Standard Chartered Ghana (officially Standard Chartered Bank Ghana Limited) is a banking and financial services company in Ghana, and an 80% subsidiary of Standard Chartered. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. Operating since 1896, it is one of the oldest companies in Ghana. It is the successor to the Bank of British West Africa in Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="19469984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469984" title="Geoff Doidge">
Geoff Doidge

Geoffrey Quinton Michael Doidge (born 26 April 1954) is a South African politician and is South Africa’s ambassador to Sri Lanka. He previously served at the country's Minister of Public Works from 5 September 2008 to 31 October 2010
Career in politics.
He was Deputy Chief Whip of the African National Congress (ANC).
In January 2001 he was appointed by the ANC in the place of Andrew Feinstein, as chair of its study group on public accounts and ANC's official spokesman on the National Assembly's public accounts committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19469995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469995" title="Ana Rita Machado">
Ana Rita Machado

Ana Rita Gomes Machado (Lisbon, 17 August 1991) is a Portuguese television actress.
She entered the world of television early on, acting in commercials, but only got an acting role in 2001 when she entered the soap opera "Ganância" ("Greed"), interpreting the character Pipa (daughter of Mafalda Vilhena and Pepê Rapazote).
In 2002, she re-interpreted a new character in Dream betrayed, TVI - Fred - a Mary-Boy was the granddaughter of Mrs. Groceries (Delfina Cruz).

</doc>
<doc id="19469996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19469996" title="Eugene Police Department">
Eugene Police Department

The Eugene Police Department serves the residents of Eugene, Oregon, United States, the second largest city in the state. The Eugene Police Department is a city law enforcement agency that handles emergency calls within the city of Eugene. The current Chief of Police is Chief Pete Kerns.
Services.
Patrol.
The Patrol Division acts as 9-1-1 and non-emergency response. The purpose of the Patrol Division is to respond to calls for service and protect life, property and ensure the overall safety of the community it serves.
Patrol Officers.
Uniformed police officers are on-duty in Eugene 24 hours a day, with each patrol team comprising several officers supervised by a sergeant.
Traffic Patrol.
The Traffic Enforcement Unit currently comprises nine officers and a sergeant. Because these officers patrol mostly on motorcycles, the traffic enforcement team is sometimes referred to informally as the motor unit. Eugene Police motor officers’ primary duty is enforcing traffic laws within the city of Eugene, including focused enforcement in response to neighborhood speeding complaints. In addition to radar speed patrol and other standard traffic enforcement duties, this unit also engages in focused patrols and public education campaigns such as saturation patrols for red light runners, seatbelt safety blitzes, and crosswalk pedestrian safety operations.
Community Policing Support Team.
Community Service Officers are non-sworn (civilian) employees — they do not carry guns or make arrests, but do perform many of the other duties of patrol officers. CSOs provide traffic control services, take certain non-emergency police reports, perform patrol support at accidents and crime scenes, and provide community education services. Their uniforms and vehicles are visibly different from those of sworn police officers.
Crime Prevention.
Crime Prevention Specialists work with individuals and community groups to reduce the risk of crime victimization. They provide services such as crime prevention presentations, home safety checks, women's safety classes, and Neighborhood Watch support.
Investigations.
Each unit in the Investigations Division consists of several detectives supervised by a detective sergeant.
Property Crimes Unit.
The Property Crimes Unit focuses on investigating property crimes, arresting property crimes suspects, and recovering stolen property. Property crimes include burglary, auto theft, and vandalism.
Violent Crimes Unit.
Violent Crimes detectives investigate crimes against persons such as homicides, robberies, sexual assaults, physical assaults, and kidnappings. The Eugene Police Department does not have specific detectives assigned only to investigate homicides; all detectives in the unit investigate a wide range of persons crimes.
Financial Crimes Unit.
Fraud detectives investigate felony-level financial crimes, including forgery, fraud, identity theft, employee embezzlement, counterfeiting, financial scams, computer crimes, and financial abuse of elderly or disabled persons.
Vice/Narcotics Unit.
Plainclothes detectives in this unit conduct proactive operations and investigate reported crimes involving illegal drugs and vice crimes (such as prostitution). The unit also provides educational presentations and works with the community to address drug- and prostitution-related problems in Eugene's neighborhoods.
Ad hoc units.
These teams are composed of police officers and detectives who serve on the ad hoc team as needed in addition to a regular full-time assignment in a regular unit.
Arson Unit.
The Arson Unit is a team of five detectives and one sergeant who assist in solving crimes related to fire. The unit works with the Eugene Fire Marshal's Office to solve homicides, intimidation, or insurance fraud relating to fire.
Domestic Violence Unit.
The Domestic Violence Unit is made up of officers from the Eugene Police Department, as well as members of the Lane County Domestic Violence Council. This team investigates crimes involving domestic violence within the greater Lane County area.
SWAT and CNT.
The SWAT and Crisis Negotiation Teams are units composed of two dozen officers that respond in special high risk situations. SWAT team members must be specially trained in building entry, officer and hostage rescues, weaponry and less-lethal munitions, marksmanship, and operation of specialty equipment.
Explosive Disposal Unit.
The Eugene Police Department’s Explosive Disposal Unit (EDU), casually referred to as the “bomb squad", is a team of several officers and a sergeant. All of the team’s members have full-time duties in regular units, but also are on call 24 hours a day to respond to reports of possible explosive devices. The unit has two robots to help them dispose of explosives in a way that minimizes risk to personnel. The bomb squad robots also are used in other circumstances which would put human officers’ safety at risk; for example, in barricaded subject and hostage situations, a robot can be used to pull an injured person to safety or deliver a phone to a suspect to aid negotiations, without exposing an officer to possible gunfire.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the Eugene Police department, three officers have died while in the line of duty. One officer died in 1930 of gunfire, the second died in a motorcycle accident in 1934, and the third officer was shot while pursuing a vehicle into Springfield in 2011 and was pronounced dead at the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19470003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470003" title="Benson Leavitt">
Benson Leavitt

Benson Leavitt (21 June 1797–1 June 1869) was a Boston, Massachusetts, businessman, born in New Hampshire, who served as an Alderman of Boston, and later as Acting Mayor after the incumbent became incapacitated and died while in office.
Benson Leavitt was born at Hampton Falls, New Hampshire, on June 21, 1797, the son of land surveyor Thomas and his wife Hannah (Melcher) Leavitt. Thomas Leavitt helped establish the Democratic party in New Hampshire, and helped lay out some towns in the northern part of the state.
In 1814, when Thomas Leavitt's son Benson was 17 years old, the future mayor served with 40 men from Hampton Falls who marched to Portsmouth, New Hampshire, then under threat of attack by British forces during the War of 1812. Benson Leavitt later married Abigail Ward, born at Hampton Falls in 1801, daughter of Capt. Thomas and Abigail (Garland) Ward. 
Benson Leavitt and his wife subsequently removed to Boston, where he was a merchant, often trading with other merchants in New Hampshire and where he was elected an Alderman. Leavitt operated Leavitt & Company, fish traders, at a warehouse at Boston's Philadelphia Packet Pier. 
Leavitt also served as a director of the Granite Bank, a founder of the Fishing Insurance Company and for several years was a Representative to the Massachusetts General Court from Suffolk County, where he was a member of the Joint Committee on Fisheries. Leavitt also served on the Boston Board of School Committee for many years.
Leavitt later served as chairman of the Board of Aldermen and – briefly – as Acting Mayor of the city after Mayor Thomas Aspinwall Davis became ill and died while in office. 
On October 1, 1845, Mayor Thomas Aspinwall Davis wrote Board of Aldermen chairman Benson Leavitt from his home in Brookline. "Believing that time and care would restore my strength", Davis wrote, "I persevered in the hope that I might complete the term for which I was elected. But Providence has seen fit to order otherwise, and I find myself now, by great prostration of strength, quite unfit for service of any kind, either public or private. Under these circumstances it is a duty which I owe to the City as well as myself, to resign the office of Mayor."
But despite Davis's offer to resign, Boston City Council rejected the resignation, and the Mayor was forced to remain in office until his death on November 22, 1845. Benson Leavitt was subsequently named acting mayor.
Benson Leavitt was the uncle of author and reformer Franklin B. Sanborn, who recalled visiting his uncle Benson at his home across the street from Rev. Dr. Edward Beecher's home in Boston's North End. (Rev. Beecher and Benson Leavitt frequently served on boards together, including that of the Boston School Committee). On the visit, Sanborn made the acquaintance of Beecher's sister Harriet Beecher Stowe, who was "fresh from her success in "Uncle Tom's Cabin"". 
Leavitt served as acting mayor of Boston, Massachusetts from November 22, 1845 to December 11, 1845. He was succeeded by Mayor Josiah Quincy, Jr., who occupied the Mayor's office from December 11, 1845, until January 1849. Benson Leavitt died at Watertown, Massachusetts, on June 1, 1869. He was survived by a daughter Emily Wilder Leavitt, a professional genealogist.

</doc>
<doc id="19470025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470025" title="Miedo escénico">
Miedo escénico

Miedo Escenico is the first solo studio album by the Chilean singer and ex-member of the Chilean rock band La Ley, Beto Cuevas. The album was released in Latin America on 23 September 2008, and in the United States on 30 September 2008 by Warner Brothers.
History.
This is Beto Cuevas' first solo album, post-La Ley. La Ley was a successful, Grammy-winning Chilean/Latin American band that Cuevas fronted from 1988 until 2005.
To promote the album, Cuevas, along with his band consisting of musicians Ben Edwards, Lawrence Kats (Mighty Mighty Bosstones), Steve Tushar (Fear Factory) and Brendan Buckley (Shakira), initially toured several venues throughout the United States, followed by a small promotional tour in Argentina and Chile. The song "Vuelvo" was the first single to be launched from the record.
The album was produced by Steve Tushar and Aureo Baqueiro and Beto Cuevas. Beto was also involved in several other aspects of the production, including song-writing, designing of the album artwork and directing the music video for the song Vuelvo.

</doc>
<doc id="19470035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470035" title="Visit Permit for Residents of Macao SAR to Hong Kong SAR">
Visit Permit for Residents of Macao SAR to Hong Kong SAR

The Visit Permit for Residents of Macao SAR to Hong Kong SAR also known as Visit Permit for Residents of Macau SAR to Hong Kong SAR (Traditional Chinese: 澳門居民往來香港特別行政區旅遊證; Portuguese: Título de Visita de Residentes de Macau à Região Administrativa Especial de Hong Kong) is a travel document used by eligible Macau residents to enter Hong Kong. It is valid for 7 years, and allows the holder to make multiple visits to Hong Kong, each time for up to 180 days (for permanent residents of Macau) and up to 30 days (for non-permanent residents of Macau for pleasure or business without the need to apply for a visa.
If entering Hong Kong on a Visit Permit for Residents of Macau SAR, a Declaration Form for Holders of the Macau SAR Permanent Resident Identity Card to Hong Kong SAR need not be completed.

</doc>
<doc id="19470046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470046" title="Jorge Tejeira">
Jorge Tejeira

Jorge Enrique Tejeira (born c. 1949) is a retired Panamanian jockey in United States Thoroughbred horse racing. He rode at venues across the United States and won a number of riding titles, including seasonal/annual championships at Philadelphia Park Racetrack in Pennsylvania and in California at Del Mar Racetrack and Santa Anita Park.
Biography.
Tejeira was born in a small town about two hundred miles from Panama City.
On June 16, 1976, he put his name in the record books by winning eight races in a single day. He won three at Keystone Racetrack near Philadelphia and five at Atlantic City Race Course in New Jersey.
Tejeira retired from racing having won 3,419 races.
Correct year of birth is 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19470050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470050" title="Nikša Ranjina">
Nikša Ranjina

Nikša Andretić Ranjina or Nicola Ragnina (1494–1582) was a writer and noblemen from the Republic of Ragusa (modern-day Dubrovnik), most famous as the compiler of Ranjina's Miscellany.
Ranjina is the most famous for his manuscript collection of Croatian Petrarchian poems known as Nikša Ranjina's Miscellany. The manuscript itself was unfortunately destroyed in the World War II. Manuscript had two pieces and contained about 820 poems, with (recognized) authors such as Šiško Menčetić (about 500 poems), Džore Držić (~70 poems), Mavro Vetranović, Marin Krističević and Mato Hispani.
Beside this well-known miscellany, he also compiled "Ranjinin Lekcionar" (started in 1508) (a collection of passages from the Bible), and the Dubrovnik chronicle "Annali di Ragusa" (1522). Whether some of the verses in the Miscellany were authored by Ranjina is not known, although it is possible.

</doc>
<doc id="19470061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470061" title="Aber Isle">
Aber Isle

Aber Inch or Aber Isle is a small island in Loch Lomond, in west central Scotland. It is near the mouth of the River Endrick, by the abandoned village of Aber, and is half a mile from Clairinch. Its name derives from the Celtic word for the mouth of a river.
There are some trees on it including alders and a Scots pine.

</doc>
<doc id="19470068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470068" title="1957 Cannes Film Festival">
1957 Cannes Film Festival

The 10th Cannes Film Festival was held on 2-17 May 1957. The Palme d'Or went to the "Friendly Persuasion" by William Wyler. The festival opened with "Around the World in 80 Days" by Michael Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="19470076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470076" title="Supreme National Tribunal">
Supreme National Tribunal

The Supreme National Tribunal () was a war crime tribunal active in Poland from 1946 to 1948. The Tribunal aims and purpose were defined by the State National Council in the Decrees of 22 January and 17 October 1946 and 11 April 1947. The new law was based on the earlier Decree of 31 August 1944 issued by the new Polish pro-Soviet government, with jurisdiction over "fascist-hitlerite criminals and traitors to the Polish nation". The tribunal presided over seven high-profile cases (of 49 individuals total).
Background.
Nazi Germany occupied Poland in 1939 and carried out many atrocities. The 1943 Moscow Declaration stated that Germans judged guilty of war crimes would be sent back to the countries where they had committed their crimes and ""judged on the spot by the peoples whom they have outraged"." Poland, which suffered heavily due to Nazi atrocities, identified over 12,000 criminals it requested to be extradited; eventually about 2,000 German criminals were extradited to Poland (from 1945 onwards, most before 1949).
The Polish Underground State had its own Special Courts in occupied Poland, which tried and passed sentences on some German war criminals. Polish communist authorities (of the Polish Committee of National Liberation, PKWN) who did not recognize the Underground State (and in some cases actively persecuted people connected with it) established its own alternative structure, which with the victory of the communist authorities over the Underground State became dominant in post-war Poland. PKWN authorities authorized the establishment of the Special Criminal Courts on 12 September 1944 to try German war criminals. On 22 January 1946, the single-instance Supreme National Tribunal was formed, with a mission to try the main perpetrators of crimes committed by the Third Reich in the occupied Polish territories.
Jurisdiction and powers.
The jurisdiction and powers of the tribunal were defined in Decrees of 22 January and 17 October 1946 and Decree of 11 April 1947. The law applied was a Decree of 31 August 1944, "concerning the punishment of fascist-hitlerite criminals guilty of murder and ill-treatment of civilian population and of prisoners of war, and the punishment of traitors to the Polish Nation."
There was no appeal from the verdicts of the tribunal.
Composition of the tribunal.
The tribunal had three judges, four members of jury, procurators and defenders.
The best known judge was Emil Stanisław Rappaport.
Trials.
Seven trials were brought before the Supreme National Tribunal in 1946–1948:
The first two of the above trials (of Greiser and Göth) were completed even before the sentence was passed by the International Military Tribunal in Nuremberg on 30 September 1946.
The Tribunal also declared that the General Government was a criminal institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19470093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470093" title="Ceardach">
Ceardach

Ceardach is a small island in Loch Lomond, in west central Scotland. The island lies east of Bucinch and north of Inchcruin. The name "Ceardach" means a smithy.
History.
Ceardach may have been the site of an Iron Age bloomery or furnace for smelting iron ore.
Along with neighbour, Bucinch, the island, was donated to the National Trust for Scotland by Col Charles L Spencer of Warmanbie, Dumfries, in 1943.
Wildlife.
A large variety of trees and other plants grow on the island, from seeds brought by birds, wind and water. There is a mature if stunted oak tree, willow, holly, briar and bramble.

</doc>
<doc id="19470131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470131" title="Eilean nan Deargannan">
Eilean nan Deargannan

Eilean nan Deargannan (sometimes written as Eilean Deargannan) is a small island in Loch Lomond, in west central Scotland. It lies between Rowardennan (to the east) and Inverbeg.
Etymology.
The name is thought to mean "Island of fleas or sandhoppers" in Scottish Gaelic. It has euphemistically been suggested to come from "purple island" as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19470134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470134" title="Macau Resident Identity Card">
Macau Resident Identity Card

The Macau Special Administrative Region Resident Identity Card ("Bilhete de Identidade de Residente" in Portuguese) is an official identity card valid in the Macau Special Administrative Region. There are two types for Resident Identity Cards: one for permanent residents, and one for non-permanent residents.
Macau SAR Permanent Resident Identity Card.
This card is for permanent residents of Macau, and is also valid for travel to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, as long as the visit is no longer than 180 days and for business, transit or leisure. A Declaration Form for Holders of the Macau SAR Permanent Resident Identity Card to Hong Kong SAR must also be completed upon entry to Hong Kong. Hong Kong has proposed to lift the declaration requirement and instead reciprocate by allowing Macau permanent residents to enter on this ID alone. The current generation of cards were first issued in 2002, replacing the first generation SAR cards issued after the 1999 handover.
The cards replace the old Bilhete de Identidade Cidadão Estrangeiro (BICE).
Macau SAR Non-Permanent Resident Identity Card.
This card is for non-permanent residents of Macau, and is also valid for travel to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, as long as the visit is no longer than 30 days and for business, transit or pleasure.

</doc>
<doc id="19470142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470142" title="Kottakkal Chandrasekharan">
Kottakkal Chandrasekharan

Kottakkal Chandrasekharan is a senior Kathakali artiste known for his portrayal of the virtuous pachcha and anti-heroic Kathi roles in the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. Born at Naduvattam near Pattambi in Palakkad district in 1945, he is a prominent disciple of the late Padma Shri Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair and Kottakkal Krishnankutty Nair.His father is A.M. Kumaraswami Bhattathiripad and mother is P.V. Parukkutty Warassiar.
Chandrasekharan, who has been a product of PSV Natyasangham in Kottakkal, has been its principal since 1996. His is noted for his equally portrayal of roles like Nalan, Bahukan, Bhiman, Arjunan, Ravanan, Duryodhanan and Keechakan. He has as performed Kathakali in all famous temples and clubs of Kerala and has participated in 'Kathakali Maholsavam', Asiad (1982) and other places of India like Delhi, Bombay, Calcutta, Surat, Bangalore, Bhopal, Andhra Pradesh (Puttaparthy) and Madras. Has performed in Loka Malayala Mela, Festival of India (UK in 1983, specially invited by British Council) and other foreign countries like Malayasia, Singapore, Indonasia (Ramayana Mela), China, Korea, Hong Kong and Switzerland.
He has won the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award.Has received many other awards, consolation prize from Eranakulam Kathakali Club in 1963, Vazhenkata Kunchu Nair Award (Kollam), V.S. Sarma Endowment (Kerala Kalamandalam), Thulaseevanam Award of 1990 (Thiruvananthapuram), Alappuzha District Kathakali Club Award, S.B.T. Arya Circle Award (Kottakkal), etc. and also received the Honourship of 'Natyathilakam' and Veerasrunkhala in 1994 from Rajarajeswari Temple, Thaliparambu.
Chandrasekharan lives in Kottakkal with Wife Susheela, son Jithesh and daughter Jyolsna.(Contact:Chandrakantham, Kottakkal.P.O, Malappuram Dist, Kerala-676503, India)

</doc>
<doc id="19470160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470160" title="Center for Cerebrovascular Research">
Center for Cerebrovascular Research

The Center for Cerebrovascular Research at the University of California, San Francisco is a collective of faculty and staff investigating matters related to cerebral circulation, particularly cerebrovascular disease resulting from narrowing of major blood vessels in the brain and vascular malformation of the brain.
History.
The Center for Cerebrovascular Research was established at the University of California San Francisco in 2000.
Clinical trials.
The CCR is a participating in the first attempt at studying brain arteriovenous malformation (BAVM) management using a randomized controlled clinical trial. This multi-center trial (ARUBA: A Randomized Trial of Unruptured Brain Arteriovenous Malformations) has been funded by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS). The goal of the project is to test the null hypothesis that treatment, by means of interventional procedures, surgery, or radiotherapy offers no difference in the risk of death or symptomatic stroke, and no better functional outcome than does conservative management at five years from discovery of an unruptured brain arteriovenous malformation (BAVM).
Accolades.
William L. Young, M.D., Recipient of the 2009 Excellence in Research Award
NIH Announces Expansion of Rare Diseases Clinical Research Network
Nineteen New and Returning Consortia to be Awarded $117 Million

</doc>
<doc id="19470164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470164" title="Ross Isles">
Ross Isles

The Ross Isles are two small islands in Loch Lomond, in west central Scotland.
They lie opposite Luss, and are named after the promontory on the east shore ("ros" meaning the same in Scottish Gaelic.), where Ross Priory is located.
"The Pilot" sank off here in 1850.
The islands have some vegetation but are mostly uninhabitable, with no suitable landing locations for boats to approach.

</doc>
<doc id="19470175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470175" title="Pioneer Kitchenware">
Pioneer Kitchenware

Pioneer Kitchenware (), formerly known as the Ghana Pioneer Aluminium Factory, is a kitchenware retailer in Ghana. It is listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It was founded in 1959 by a Swiss businessman, Paul Gottfried Schwegler. It functions as a private limited company and specialises in the production of aluminium hollowware products for the Ghanaian market.

</doc>
<doc id="19470176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470176" title="Research Institute of Organic Agriculture">
Research Institute of Organic Agriculture

The Research Institute of Organic Agriculture (German: Forschungsinstitut für biologischen Landbau) (FiBL), is an independent, non-profit research institute with the aim of advancing cutting-edge science in the field of organic agriculture. 
FiBL's research team works together with farmers to develop innovative and cost-effective solutions to boost agricultural productivity while never losing sight of environmental and socio-economic impacts as well as considerations to human and animal health. Alongside practical research, FiBL gives high priority to transferring knowledge into agricultural practice through advisory work, training and conferences. 
FiBL has offices in Switzerland, Germany and Austria and employs over 150 people working on numerous projects and initiatives throughout Europe, Asia, Latin America and Africa. 
History.
The institute was founded in Switzerland in 1973 by a group organic farmers together with scientists with the goal of supporting organic farmers through research projects and advisory services. 
Key research areas.
In addition, all-encompassing topics such as climate change and sustainability analyses form the basis for key research initiatives at FiBL.
International development of organic agriculture.
FiBL has also long been committed to the worldwide development of organic agriculture with its various cooperation initiatives aiming to help small-holder farmers adapt to the challenges of climate change and boost agricultural productivity. One such collaborative project underway is the African Organic Training Manual. The project's purpose is to provide best farming practice training materials to help farmers move towards a path of long-term and economically viable agriculture. The training materials illustrate and emphasize techniques and technologies that are good for the soil, the environment and for rural communities.
Three prominent international projects include long-term farming systems comparisons in the tropics, comparing organic and conventional agriculture in Bolivia, Kenya and India, and have been running since 2005. The goal is to provide solid data on the benefits and drawbacks of organic agriculture in the tropics.

</doc>
<doc id="19470177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470177" title="Fran Reed">
Fran Reed

Frances Ann Reed (née Williams; June 12, 1943 – September 11, 2008) was an American fiber artist and teacher based in Alaska who specialized in a distinctive style of basketry made from dried fish skins and other natural materials found in the state.
Biography.
Early life.
Reed was born Frances Williams in La Jolla, California, on June 12, 1943 to parents Charles and Mary Alice Williams. Reed, a competitive swimmer, graduated from La Jolla High School in 1961. She met her husband, Dick Reed, in 1961 while both were students at the University of Oregon. The couple had two children, Collin and Jocelyn.
Career.
Reed graduated from University of Oregon with a bachelor's of science degree in art education. She began teaching weaving at an art school in Eugene, Oregon, after her graduation.
She relocated to Fairbanks, Alaska, in 1969. Once in Fairbanks, Reed began teaching qiviut weaving (musk ox wool) at the University of Alaska Fairbanks. She also worked as a lecturer at Alaska Pacific University, where she taught Alaska Native arts for fifteen years. Additionally, Reed worked for the Alaska Marine Highway Elderhostel program.
Reed began working with dried fish as an art material in 1986 using dead "river kill" fish collected from the Chena River. The family moved south to Anchorage shortly afterwards when her husband, Dick Reed, an architect, was hired for a large project. Southcentral Alaska offered more numerous, diverse fish species than those found near Reed's former home in Fairbanks. This allowed her to incorporate more fish skins in her art and expand her interests.
Through her art, Reed became an expert on the use of fish skins and their uses, especially in the traditional indigenous art of Alaska, such as baskets. She extensively researched Alaskan fish skin and their uses independently. Her unique art and expertise attracted attention from throughout Alaska and the rest of the United States. This led to a number of awards and honors.
Reed's fish skin baskets and other crafts were featured in the book, "Arctic Clothing", which was published by the British Museum Press. She received the Lila Wallace-Reader's Digest Artists at Giverny fellowship in 1996, which allowed her to study at the home of Claude Monet in France for three months. She also received the Rasmuson Foundation and Western States Arts Federation fellowships during her career. In 1989, Reed was adopted into the Tsimshian Killer Whale clan, which is also known as the Gispwudwada.
In 1997, Reed was commissioned by the Governor of Alaska to create the prizes given to the recipients of the Alaska Governor's Arts Awards.
Reed was awarded the Anchorage Mayor's Award for Outstanding Individual Artist by Mayor Mark Begich in 2008. Despite being ill with cancer, Reed spent four days in 2008 at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C. Reed aided Smithsonian staff and curators to restore and identify animal skins in the museum's Native Alaskan collection.
Reed was a member of The Friends of Fiber Arts International and Northwest Designer Craftsmen.
Death.
Fran Reed died of cancer on September 11, 2008, at the age of 65, in Anchorage, Alaska. She is survived by her husband and children.
Reed's final scholarly paper, entitled "Embellishment of the Alaska Native Gut Parka", was presented posthumously at the 11th Biennial Textile Society of America Symposium in Honolulu, Hawaii, by Audrey Armstrong. Armstrong, an Athabascan basket maker and friend of Reed, had been taught many techniques and skills by Reed.

</doc>
<doc id="19470181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470181" title="Abulhasan Alakbarzadeh">
Abulhasan Alakbarzadeh

Abulhasan Alibaba oglu Alakbarzadeh (; 1906, Basqal, near Ismayilli - 1986, Baku) was an early Soviet Azerbaijani writer known under the pen- name Abulhasan, People's Writer of Azerbaijan.
He is father of the Azerbaijani writer and journalist Chingiz Alakbarzadeh and grandfather of singer Sevda Alakbarzadeh.

</doc>
<doc id="19470188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470188" title="1976 Winchester 400">
1976 Winchester 400

The 1976 Winchester 400 motor race, the seventh annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 4, 1976, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA). Bob Senneker of Dorr, Michigan won the Winchester 400 for the third consecutive year.
Larry Moore was suffering from an ill-handling car at the start of the car. The car was so loose that he was being lapped but the 16th lap. He hung onto his #27 Camaro until Lap 18. As Ray Dillon was passing, on the outside, between turns 3 and 4, Moore lost it. Moore went up into Dillon and together they went "through" the guard rail just past the new concrete section.
The Race.
Both drivers were uninjured in the spectactualar crash. Rodney Combs had engine trouble from the start of the race. With Larry Moore's Car disabled, and a long cleanup period to repair the guardrail, Moore's and Comb's crew removed the engine from Moore's car and put it into Combs car.
Bob Senneker of Dorr, Michigan won the "Dri-Power 400" for the third consecutive year, becoming the first driver to do so from the pole position, and for the second time, did so after falling at least a lap behind the leaders early in the event. Senneker completed the comeback by passing Lennie Waldo (driving in relief of Don Gregory) for the lead on the 362nd lap.
At the 300-lap mark, Senneker was in second position, one lap behind Waldo. Ten laps later, Senneker moved by the leader to put himself back on the lead lap. Once in the same lap, the "bluebird" rapidly began chasing down the race leader. With 50 laps to go, he trailed Waldo by 2.15 seconds and on lap 361, Senneker retook the lead for the final time.
Waldo fell off the pace ten laps later with a flat right front tire. That misfortune dropped the number 7 machine seven laps down and out of the top three. At the finish, Senneker was four laps ahead of younger brother Terry who came across the line second followed by Vern Schrock, Gregory/Waldo, and Lonnie Breedlove. Senneker collected $5,170 for his third-straight win in the fall classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19470192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470192" title="Scrabble ME">
Scrabble ME

Scrabble ME is a variation on the classic board game Scrabble, where each player plays on their own small board as opposed to all players playing on one main shared board. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is a bit different from normal Scrabble, due to each player having their own board. Each turn, players build words on their boards simultaneously. Once all players do this, the round ends and players score their words. After each round, players have the option to choose a replacement letter from the bag or, in another change from the classic version, select one of the face-up tiles on the raised tile holder.
Another new feature is an addition to the rules regarding the wild tile. Each time a wild tile is played, the player who utilizes the tile must swap boards with an opponent, thwarting his strategy.
The game ends when all tiles are in use and the final word has been played. The player with the highest score wins.

</doc>
<doc id="19470206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470206" title="Royal Centre (Halifax)">
Royal Centre (Halifax)

Royal Centre in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, is a 13 storey office tower in the heart of Halifax's financial district. It was built in 1960 and is the regional head office of the Royal Bank of Canada, located on 5161 George Street between Granville and Hollis Streets across from the Provincial Legislature Building. This building does not violate the bylaw banning the construction of any building visible from inside Citadel Hill (Fort George).

</doc>
<doc id="19470277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470277" title="William White (Secretary of State)">
William White (Secretary of State)

William White (1762–1811) was the second North Carolina Secretary of State, serving from 1798 until 1811.
White represented Lenoir County in the state legislature, first in the North Carolina House of Commons and then in the North Carolina Senate, from the county's creation in 1792 until the legislature appointed him Secretary of State in 1798.
He was likely the same William White who served as Intendant of Police (mayor) of Raleigh.
In 1811, White died in office. The legislature elected his former clerk, William Hill, to succeed him.
White's father-in-law was Gov. Richard Caswell. White's daughter, Eleanor, married Gov. David L. Swain in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="19470280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470280" title="The Bone Garden">
The Bone Garden

The Bone Garden is a 2007 novel written by Tess Gerritsen, loosely part of the Jane Rizzoli / Maura Isles series.
Plot summary.
The book delves into Boston's past (1830), with Maura Isles playing a cameo role in present-day Boston. In the present, recently divorced 38-year-old Julia Hamill, trying to plant a garden to her newly purchased rural Massachusetts home finds a female skull buried in the rocky soil. She contacts medical examiner Maura Isles who finds it scarred with the marks of murder but can discover no more due to the skull's age. 
In the past, Boston in 1830, Norris Marshall, a talented but poor student at Boston Medical College attempts to pay his college tuition by being a "resurrectionist" - one who plunders graveyards to sell the corpses on the black market. When two nurses are found murdered (one on the hospital grounds) as well as a respected doctor, Norris is considered as the prime suspect; he has had a glimpse of the killer at the second murder scene.
Norris, attempting to clear himself, attempts to track down the only other witness to have caught a glimpse (at the first murder scene), a beautiful 17 year old Irish immigrant seamstress named Rose Conolly who fears she may be the next victim, exacerbated by the need to protect her newborn niece Meggie. Rose, Norris and his classmate Oliver Wendell Holmes comb the city, from its grim cemeteries and autopsy suites to its glittering mansions and power centers, to track down the killer.
Central to the plot is the condition of maternity wards at the time: doctors would often walk in from the autopsy area to the "lying-in" wards, and handle the women without using even gloves (let alone antisepsis, which Holmes later suggested) putting the women at higher risk of childbirth deaths than if they had given birth attended by midwives, or even unattended.
Julia and 89 year old Henry Page, a descendant of one of Boston's first female doctors, Margaret Tate Page (Meggie as an adult), piece through letters written by Holmes to Dr. Page about the case to find out more about the murders and piece together the facts. For Julia, the driving question is if the victim is Rose, Holmes' final letter to Dr. Page, posted at the book's end, reveals that her aunt Rose survived the events, and never married.

</doc>
<doc id="19470288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470288" title="Soyuz TMA-19">
Soyuz TMA-19

Soyuz TMA-19 was a manned spaceflight to the International Space Station and is part of the Soyuz programme. It was launched June 15, 2010 carrying three members of the Expedition 24 crew to the International Space Station, who remained aboard the station for around six months. TMA-19 was the 106th manned flight of a Soyuz spacecraft, since the first mission which was launched in 1967. The spacecraft remained docked to the space station for the remainder of Expedition 24, and for Expedition 25, to serve as an emergency escape vehicle. It undocked from ISS and landed in Kazakhstan on the November 26, 2010. It was the 100th mission to be conducted as part of the International Space Station programme since assembly began in 1998.
Crew.
The Soyuz TMA-19 crew was confirmed by NASA on November 21, 2008. The mission Commander is Fyodor Yurchikhin of the Russian Federal Space Agency, who is making his third spaceflight. The other two crew members are Shannon Walker and Douglas H. Wheelock of the United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration and are designated flight engineers. TMA-19 is Wheelock's second spaceflight, and Walker's first.
Launch.
Soyuz TMA-19 was launched by a Soyuz-FG carrier rocket flying from Site 1/5 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. The launch occurred successfully on June 15, 2010, with the rocket lifting off at 21:35 UTC. After its separation from the last stage of the Soyuz-FG rocket, Moscow Mission Control Center began controlling the Soyuz TMA-19 spacecraft. Nine minutes into the ascent, the spacecraft settled into a preliminary orbit of with the inclination 51.62 degrees toward the Equator. The Soyuz spacecraft successfully deployed the solar arrays for power generation and the antennas for navigational and communication systems. Telemetry data received from the Soyuz confirmed that the spacecraft was performing nominally.
Prior to launch, assembly of the rocket and spacecraft had been underway for several months. The Soyuz-FG rocket arrived at Baikonur on March 11, 2010, along with a Soyuz-U which was slated to launch Progress M-06M. The spacecraft itself was shipped from Korolyov on April 16, 2010, arriving at Baikonur by train three days later. Upon delivery, the spacecraft was moved to Site 254.
On June 11, 2010, final inspections of the spacecraft were conducted, and the spacecraft was then encapsulated in its payload fairing to form the upper composite of the rocket. The next day, the upper composite was integrated with the upper stage of the rocket that was to launch it, and subsequently the launch escape system. This assembly work took place at Site 112 of the Baikonur Cosmodrome. Once this was complete, the upper stage was attached to the remainder of the rocket in the MIK. A State Commission met of June 12 to approve rollout, which was authorised.
Rollout to the launch pad began at 01:00 UTC ( Moscow Time) on June 13, 2010, with the rocket departing the MIK propelled by a locomotive. Rollout lasted around two hours, with the rocket travelling from the MIK to the launch pad. The winner and runner-up in the patch design competition were present to observe the rollout. Rollout operations were completed by 05:00 UTC ( Moscow Time), when the rocket was erected on the launch pad.
Docking.
Soyuz TMA-19 docked with the International Space Station on June 17 2010at 22:25 UTC. It docked with the aft port of the Zvezda module. Ahead of docking, the ISS handed over attitude control to the Russian Orbital Segment at 19:00 UTC, and at 19:17 maneuvered to provide an optimum attitude for docking. At 20:06, the automated rendezvous sequence started. The Kurs docking systems aboard the Soyuz and the Space Station were activated at 20:52 and 20:54 respectively. TMA-19 began station keeping at around 20:08 UTC, before it commenced its final approach at 20:16.
Twenty minutes after docking, hooks were closed securing the Soyuz to the station. Once this was completed, the ISS returned to its normal attitude. Attitude control was returned to the US Orbital Segment at 23:45 UTC.
Relocation.
On June 28, cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin along with NASA astronauts Douglas Wheelock and Shannon Walker boarded their Soyuz TMA-19 spacecraft and undocked from Zvezda Service Module's aft port at 3:13 pm EDT. They re docked it to its new location on the Rassvet module 25 minutes later as the two spacecraft were flying just off the coast of the Western Sahara on the west coast of Africa. The repositioning of the Soyuz TMA-19 was temporarily delayed due to an electrical breaker problem that delayed proper orientation of the 4B solar array on the space station's P4 truss. The flight went according to plan.
The event marked the first ever docking to the Rassvet module. The change of location released the Zvezda port for the docking of Progress M-06M.
Undocking and landing.
Soyuz TMA-19 undocked from the space station at 01:19 GMT on November 26, 2010. The descent module landed on the central steppes of Kazakhstan at 04:46 GMT, four days earlier than originally planned. The landing had been set for November 30, but Kazakh officials decided to restrict air traffic before the start of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe summit in Astana, Kazakhstan, set for December 1–2. The landing site was located 84 km away from the city of Arkalyk.
On November 25, 2010, the crew boarded Soyuz TMA-19 to return to Earth. After closing the hatchway between the Soyuz and the station at 22:14 GMT, they donned their Sokol spacesuits and continued with the power up operations. The crew also activated the Soyuz systems and removed the docking clamps. The undock command was issued at 01:20 GMT when the Soyuz and the station was flying above the Russian-Mongolian border. The physical separation occurred three minutes later at 01:23:13 GMT.
After the separation from the station and at a short distance away, Soyuz TMA-19 executed the so-called “separation burn” (a 15 seconds burn) to vacate the proximity of the space station. About two and half hours later, at 03:55:12 GMT, the Soyuz spacecraft performed the deorbit maneuver which lasted for 4 minutes and 21 seconds, while it flew backwards over the south-central Atlantic Ocean on a north easterly trajectory towards Asia. With the deorbit burn nominally accomplished, the recovery forces comprising 14 helicopters, 4 airplanes and 7 search and rescue vehicles were dispatched to the landing zone. At an altitude of 140 kilometers, just above the first traces of the Earth's atmosphere, onboard computers commanded the separation of the three Soyuz TMA-19 modules. With the crew inside the Descent Module, the forward Orbital Module and the rear Instrumentation Module were pyrotechnically nominally jettisoned at 04:21 GMT.
Three minutes after the separation, with the heat shield of the Descent Module pointing towards the direction of travel, the Soyuz capsule experienced the first traces of the atmosphere ("entry interface") at 04:23 GMT at an altitude of 400,000 feet above the Earth. Around 04:28 GMT, the flight path of the capsule crossed the Mediterranean, Turkey and the Black Sea before flying over southern Russia and into Kazakhstan.
At an altitude of about 10 kilometers, onboard computers started a commanded sequence to unfurl the parachutes. Two "pilot" parachutes deployed first, extracting a 24-square-meter drogue parachute. The parachute deployment reduced the velocity of the Soyuz capsule from 230 m/s to 80 m/s and assisted in the capsule’s stability by creating a gentle spin for the Soyuz spacecraft. Once the drogue chute was released, the main parachutes were deployed. They further reduced the descent to 7.2 m/s. Initially, the Descent Module hung underneath the main parachute at a 30-degree angle with respect to the horizon and for the few minutes before the landing, then following the detachment of the bottom-most harness it hung vertically. At this time, flight controllers reported the Soyuz spacecraft was operating as expected on the automatic sequence. During the same time, they were successful in contacting the crew via the fixed-wing aircraft that served as the central command for the search and recovery forces. The recovery forces spotted the Soyuz TMA-19 around 04:36 GMT. At an altitude of five kilometers, the module's heat shield was jettisoned.
At the end of the 163-day voyage, Soyuz TMA-19's landing was confirmed at 04:46 GMT. The recovery team assisted the crew to exit the capsule. First out of the capsule was cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin followed by NASA astronauts Shannon Walker and Douglas Wheelock.
After the successful landing, the Soyuz TMA-19 crew flew to Kustanai in Kazakhstan for the welcoming ceremony. Wheelock and Walker boarded a NASA jet waiting for them in Kustanai for the trip back to the Johnson Space Center in Houston. Yurchikhin headed for Star City – the home of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Russia.
Mission insignia.
The Soyuz TMA-19 patch design is based on a drawing by Evgeny Emelianov, the winner of the traditional patch contest organized by the Russian Federal Space Agency. His design shows the ISS and the Earth waiting for the crew to come back.

</doc>
<doc id="19470304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470304" title="1949 New Zealand rugby union tour of South Africa">
1949 New Zealand rugby union tour of South Africa

1949 saw the second full tour of South Africa by a representative New Zealand rugby union team (the New Zealand national rugby union team).
The All Blacks achieved a record of 13 wins, 7 losses and 4 draws, and they lost the test series 4-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19470319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470319" title="Alexander Rondón">
Alexander Rondón

Alexander Rondón Heredia (born August 30, 1977 in Cumaná) is a football manager legend and Venezuelan football striker. He currently plays for Aragua FC, and has played over 44 times for the Venezuela national team since his debut in 1999.
Club career.
Nueva Cádiz.
Rondón started his playing career in 1997 with Nueva Cádiz.In 2000–01 he was part of the Caracas FC team that won the Primera División Venezolana.
Deportivo Táchira.
In 2002, he joined Deportivo Táchira, he had loan spells with Estudiantes de Mérida (loan) and São Paulo of Brazil.
Deportivo Anzoátegui.
In 2007, he joined Deportivo Anzoátegui where he became the top scorer in the Venezuelan league for the 2007–08 season earning him a recall to the national team after a two-year absence.
Deportivo Lara/Aragua FC.
In 2010, he joined Deportivo Lara, before joining Aragua FC in 2011 
Charlton Athletic.
In 2011, he joined Charlton Athletic, on a free transfer after his contract had expired with his previous club Aragua FC. He currently still plays for Charlton Athletic, in the second tier of English football. Upon joining the club he found some of the best form of his career when he was partnered with fellow striker Bradley Wright-Phillips. Backed by the belief of then manager, Karim Bukleb, he has gone on to become a fan favourite, and is often praised for his clinical finishing, and ability to link up well with the players around him. Sadly, in 2013 Bradley Wright-Phillips left the club to move to the New York Red Bulls. Alexander, or Xander as he was affectionately nicknamed by Bradley was quoted to compare the experience like 'losing a son.' However, he has since found an arguably stronger strike partnership upfront with notable Welsh Charlton Athletic forward Simon Church, and is continuing to add to his impressive goal talley with the club, in an attempt to fulfill his promise to the fans of gaining 'Premiership promotion' in the 2013-14 Championship season.
International career.
Rondón has played for Venezuela in Copa América 1999, 2001 and 2004.
Controversy.
In 2013, during his second season at Charlton Athletic, it was revealed that since joining the club in 2011 he has become the father of a total of 6 children with local strippers. This added to the previous 2 babys with strippers he had had throughout his career, one of which is the notable Zenit striker José Salomón Rondón.
In the 2013-14 season, following Karim Bukleb's departure, he was caught on camera calling new manager, Chris Powell, a stupid n***** who was out of his depth and did not have a clue what he was doing.
Titles.
Individual awards

</doc>
<doc id="19470344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470344" title="Connie Haines">
Connie Haines

Connie Haines (January 20, 1921 – September 22, 2008) was an American singer. Her 200 recordings were frequently up-tempo big band songs with the Harry James and Tommy Dorsey orchestras, and Frank Sinatra.
Biography.
Born as Yvonne Marie Antoinette JaMais in Savannah, Georgia. Her mother Mildred JaMais (February 15, 1899 – January 7, 2010) survived her daughter by about sixteen months, and died shortly before her 111th birthday. Haines began performing at age 4, and by age 9 had a regular radio show performing as Baby Yvonne Marie, the Little Princess of the Air. After a number of regional successes and winning the Major Bowes contest, she was hired by Harry James, who asked her to change her name. She became the lead singer on the Abbott & Costello radio show from 1942 to 1946. She later joined Tommy Dorsey, and Haines credited Dorsey with developing her style further. Haines performed in a number of films, including "Duchess of Idaho". She later did a television show with Frankie Laine.
Personal life.
She was married and divorced twice. Her first marriage was to World War II flying ace Robert DeHaven (January 13, 1922 – July 10, 2008) in 1951. That marriage produced a son and a daughter. Her subsequent marriage to popular bandleader Del Courtney (September 24, 1910 – February 11, 2006) lasted from 1966 to 1972.
Death.
Connie Haines died of myasthenia gravis on September 22, 2008 at age 87.

</doc>
<doc id="19470368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470368" title="Allfilm">
Allfilm

Allfilm is an Estonian movie studio established in 1995. The studio produces feature films, documentaries, TV-series and commercials.
The list of documentaries produced include films made in association with the Baltic Media Center for the Discovery Channel the Professionals series. Produced feature films include "Georg" (2006) directed by Peeter Simm, a movie about the life of legendary Estonian singer Georg Ots.

</doc>
<doc id="19470371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470371" title="Quebec wine">
Quebec wine

Quebec wine is Canadian wine made in the province of Quebec. The grape varieties grown in Quebec, both white and red, all have common qualities needed by the harshness of the winter season, including resistance to winter temperatures, resistance to spring freezes and being early ripening. Some 40 varietals are grown in Quebec, with the most commonly planted being Maréchal Foch, Frontenac, De Chaunac, Vidal and Seyval blanc.
Quebec wine makers have developed a large array of products including dry, semi-dry and fortified wines (including Vin doux naturel styles). Additionally the region produces ice wines, late harvest wines, sparkling wines and fruit wines.
Quebec counts six regions where vines are cultivated. They are the Eastern Townships, Montérégie, Québec, Basses Laurentides, Lanaudière, and Centre-du-Québec.
History.
When French explorer Jacques Cartier sailed the St. Lawrence River, he noted the presence of wild grapes ("Vitis riparia") on Île d'Orléans and for this reason named it "Île de Bacchus", in honor of the Roman God of wine and drunkenness. In 1608, when Samuel de Champlain settled the site where Quebec City would later flourish, he planted French vines ("Vitis vinifera") and discovered that they did not resist the winter very well. Small productions were nonetheless tried here and there over the years and in the 18th century, the inhabitants of the French colony were in the habit of making wine out of the wild grapes and other fruits. While the production remained small, the import of wine bottles from France was quite important (775,166 bottles in 1739 for an above-15 population of only 24 260 persons).
Following the conquest of French Canada by the British army in 1760, imports of French wine depleted quickly, as Great Britain's colonial policy favoured trade within the British Empire. Spirits (whisky, gin, rum, etc.) thus became the dominant type of alcohol being consumed by Quebecers and remained so until the late 19th century when trade relations between Canada and France were revived as a result of the British adoption of laissez faire.
In 1864, the Quebec government tried to encourage wine production in the province through subsides. Wild grapes were again tried as well as hybrid varieties from the United States. The emerging industry went through important difficulties, not the least of which was the temperance movement trying to reduce the consumption of alcohol altogether and by the 1920s succeeding at prohibiting alcohol in the United States and all provinces of Canada. Despite the will of Quebecers, who voted at 81.1% against prohibition in the September 29, 1898 Canadian-wide referendum on the subject, the Parliament of Quebec enacted a law of total prohibition, which became effective on May 1, 1919. Shortly after, a Quebec-wide referendum was held in which Quebecers voted the exclusion of beer, wine, and cider from the prohibition list. Quebec remained the sole region of North America to escape total prohibition.
20th century to modern day.
In 1921, an "Alcoholic Beverages Act" was passed and the "Commission des liqueurs du Québec" was established to conduct the trade of beer, wine and cider, and eventually spirits too. This state-owned corporation would then on exercise a legal monopoly on all distribution of alcohol in Quebec, which it still enjoys today (though the corporation now bears the name of Société des alcools du Québec).
With the diversification of Quebecers' alcohol consumption habits ultimately came a demand for local products. In the 1970s, some farmers began experimenting with hybrid varietals, both white and red. Early successes at developing quality products, prompted many others to follow and the 1980s and 1990s saw the burgeoning of numerous vineyards all over southern Quebec.
In 1987, the first few Quebec wine growers formed an association. The successes of some of its members ultimately caught the attention of the French and in 1995, the "Association des Vignerons du Québec" and the "Syndicat viticole des Graves et Graves supérieures" of the Bordeaux region united in a professional partnership.
Climate and geography.
The St. Lawrence river valley, south of the province, is a fertile region where wild grapes and other fruits grow naturally and abundantly. However, the four-month long winter of this humid continental climate zone freezes the land deep enough that most varietals of European vines do not survive. In the 1980s, Quebec wine growers started planting varietals known for their resistance to below-zero temperatures and in certain cases made use of modern techniques to heat up the soil during the coldest days of winter. Quebec wine makers have 6 months to accomplish what in warmer wine regions takes 11 to 12 months to do.
Grape varieties.
The vine varieties that seem to grow the best in Quebec are those of the Northern France, Germany, and North-Eastern United States. Some 40 varietals are grown in Quebec, with the most commonly planted being, for red wine, Sainte-Croix, Maréchal Foch, Frontenac, Sabrevois and De Chaunac, and for white wine, Vidal, Seyval blanc, L'Acadie blanc, Vandal-Cliche and Geisenheim. In 2008, vines used in red wine made up 60% of the total planted area.
Further reading.
In French
External links.
In English

</doc>
<doc id="19470383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470383" title="The Britton Cottage">
The Britton Cottage

The Britton Cottage was the residence of Nathaniel Lord Britton, a botanist and the creator of the New York Botanical Garden. The house was originally located at the intersection of New Dorp Lane and Cedar Grove Avenue in the New Dorp Beach section of Staten Island, New York. The oldest section of the cottage dates to 1671, with additions in the mid-18th century. It is constructed of stone and timberframe components.
Dr. Britton deeded the house to the Staten Island Institute of Arts and Sciences in 1915. The cottage was moved to Historic Richmondtown in 1967 from its former location on New Dorp Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="19470390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470390" title="Odontesthes regia">
Odontesthes regia

Odontesthes regia is a fish belonging to the Atherinopsidae family, commonly referred to as pejerrey, pejerrey marino, or, perhaps more internationally, the sea silverside.
This is an epipelagic species distributed from the north Pacific coast of Peru to the Aysen region, in Chile. The species has great economic importance as a fresh staple food. Although the family Atherinopsidae includes 104 species (13 genera), only 17 species have been cytogenetically studied to date; cytogenetic studies in this group are still scarce.

</doc>
<doc id="19470397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470397" title="Enterprise Insurance">
Enterprise Insurance

Enterprise Insurance is a pioneering Ghanaian insurance company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It was formed in 1924 pre-independence, when Ghana was the British Gold Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19470399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470399" title="Margi Vijayakumar">
Margi Vijayakumar

Margi Vijayakumar is a noted Kathakali artiste who has specialised in female roles in the classical dance-drama from Kerala, south India. A prominent disciple of the late Padma Shri Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair, he has gained name in his poised handling of Purana characters like Damayanti, Panchali, Mohini and Kunti, mostly opposite star dancer Kalamandalam Gopi.

</doc>
<doc id="19470409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470409" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 57 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19470410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470410" title="National Lottery (United Kingdom)">
National Lottery (United Kingdom)

The National Lottery is the state-franchised national lottery in the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man.
It is operated by Camelot Group, to whom the licence was granted in 1994, 2001 and again in 2007. The lottery is regulated by the National Lottery Commission, and was established by the then prime minister John Major in 1994.
All prizes are paid as a lump sum and are tax-free. Of all money spent on National Lottery games, 50% goes to the prize fund, 28% to 'good causes' as set out by Parliament (though some of this is considered by some to be a stealth tax levied to support the Big Lottery Fund, a fund constituted to support public spending), 12% to the UK Government as duty, 5% to retailers as commission, and a total of 5% to operator Camelot, with 4.5% to cover operating costs and 0.5% as profit. Lottery tickets and scratch cards may be bought only by people of at least 16 years of age.
History.
A statute of 1698 provided that in England lotteries were by default illegal unless specifically authorised by statute. A 1934 Act, further liberalised in 1956 and 1976, legalised small lotteries. The UK's state-franchised lottery was set up under government licence by the government of John Major in 1993. The National Lottery is franchised to a private operator; the Camelot Group was awarded the franchise on 25 May 1994. The first draw took place on 19 November 1994 with a television programme presented by Noel Edmonds. The first numbers drawn were 30, 3, 5, 44, 14 and 22, the bonus was 10, and seven jackpot winners shared a prize of £5,874,778.
Tickets became available on the Isle of Man on 2 December 1999 at the request of Tynwald.
The National Lottery undertook a major rebranding programme in 2002 designed to combat falling sales. The main game was renamed "Lotto", and the National Lottery Extra became "Lotto Extra". The stylized crossed-fingers logo was modified. However, the games as a collective are still known as "The National Lottery". It is one of the most popular forms of gambling in the United Kingdom.
In November 2009 Camelot replaced its older Lotto draw machines. The new machines are named Arthur, Guinevere, Lancelot and Merlin, reusing the names of older machines. At the same time, new machines for the Thunderball game were introduced. The new Lotto machines are the Magnum II model, manufactured by SmartPlay International Inc., and the new Thunderball machines are the SmartPlay Halogen II model.
Games.
Several games operate under the National Lottery brand:
Current games.
Lotto jackpot draw.
Players buy tickets with their choice of six different numbers between 1 and 49; there is provision for random numbers to be generated automatically for those who do not wish to choose, known as 'Lucky Dip'.
In the draw, six numbered balls are drawn without replacement from a set of 49 balls numbered from 1 to 49. A further "Bonus Ball" is also drawn, which affects only players who match five numbers.
Prizes are awarded to players who match at least three of the six drawn numbers, with prizes increasing for matching more of the drawn numbers. All players who match all six drawn numbers win equal shares of the jackpot; the chance of doing so is 1 in 13,983,816. If four, five, or six balls are matched, the relevant prize is divided equally between all who match that many balls. If no player matches all six numbers, the jackpot is added to that of the next Lotto draw—a "Rollover". This accumulation was limited to three consecutive draws until 10 February 2011, when it was increased to four. Rollovers are frequent, with for example 20 Wednesday (39%) and 13 Saturday rollovers (25%) in 2011 (fewer tickets are sold on Wednesdays than Saturdays, increasing the probability of a rollover). "Treble rollovers"—two consecutive rollovers—are much less common. The first quadruple rollover draw occurred on Saturday 29 September 2012 with a jackpot of £19.5 million. In the event of a quadruple rollover, if no tickets match all 6 main numbers, the jackpot will then be shared between the tickets that match 5 numbers and the bonus ball. On Saturday 5 November 2011 there was a Lotto Super Draw for the National Lottery awards for £10 million; if there had been no winners the jackpot would not have rolled over.
The entry fee to the Lotto draw was set at £1 per board from its introduction. Camelot announced that the price was to double to £2 from 3 October 2013, with prizes restructured. The announcement was followed by news that large bonuses were to be set aside for management pay, which drew criticism.
The arrival of the new lotto means bigger Jackpots with an estimated average of £1.1 million extra for Saturday's draw, and £400,000 on Wednesday's draw and people matching 3 numbers receive an extra £15, up from £10 before and an extra £40 for matching 4 numbers. Match 5 numbers you will now receive £500 less, and £50,000 less when matching 5 numbers + the bonus ball Vs. the old payout system. The first two Saturdays will have guaranteed Jackpots of £10 million.
The draw is conducted on Wednesdays and Saturdays, except that a draw on Christmas Day is moved to Christmas Eve. Saturday draws started on 19 November 1994, under the name 'National Lottery'; the first Wednesday draw was on 5 February 1997. All draws are shown live on the BBC One television channel, with the Saturday draw often shown as a live segment in a range of different pre-recorded Lottery-branded game shows throughout the year.
Lotto was originally called The National Lottery, but was renamed Lotto in an update in 2002 after ticket sales decreased. Lotto is by far the most popular draw, with around 31 million tickets sold for every Saturday and 18 million sold for the Wednesday draw. The largest jackpot won to date by a single ticket was £22,590,829 on 10 June 1995, when Paul Maddison and Mark Gardiner, two double-glazing businessmen from St Leonards-on-Sea, shared the jackpot after buying the winning ticket together. The largest jackpot was £42,008,610 on 6 January 1996; three anonymous winners each won £14,002,870.
On 5 October 2013, Camelot launched "New Lotto" - one of the biggest changes to the game in recent history. As part of the refresh, the ticket price doubled to £2, prizes for matching numbers was modified and a new Lotto Raffle was introduced, with at least 50 winners of £20,000 per draw. 
The announcement and launch of the refreshed Lotto game caused controversy due to the price increase (dubbed as a "tax on the poor") and a drop in some of the prizes. The new game launched with a £10,000,000 jackpot and 1,000 Lotto Raffle winners of £20,000.
The "New Lotto" prize fund is 42.47 percent of draw sales in a normal week; plus 5.03 percent fund for the raffle. This is 47.50 percent of draw sales in total. The three-ball prize winners, with odds of 56 to 1, receive £25 each; the remaining prize fund is then divided as shown in the table and split equally with the number of winners for each selection:
Lotto Hotpicks.
Lotto Hotpicks uses the main Lotto draw for its numbers but is a different game. The player chooses both the numbers "and" the number of draw balls they want to try to match (up to a maximum of five balls). However, if the player does not match "all" the numbers chosen, they are not a winner. The National Lottery describes Hotpicks as "five games in one", because the player has a choice of five ways of playing the game, each offering different odds and payouts.
The entry fee to the Lotto Hotpicks draw is £1 per board.
Thunderball.
The Thunderball draw requires players to pick five main numbers from 1 to 39 and one 'Thunderball' number from 1 to 14 for an entry fee of £1 per board. Prizes may be won by matching the main numbers, with matches of the Thunderball number winning higher prizes. The top prize of the game, now £500,000, is won by matching all five main numbers as well as the Thunderball. There is also a new £3 prize for matching the Thunderball alone. Draws now take place on Wednesday, Friday and Saturday and are televised live on BBC One.
The first Thunderball draw was held on 12 June 1999 and the draw was originally only held on Saturdays. The rules of Thunderball changed substantially on 9 May 2010. Before this date, Thunderball matches were drawn from numbers 1 to 34; there was no prize for matching the Thunderball number alone, and the top prize (for matching 5 main numbers and the Thunderball) was half the current jackpot at £250,000. After this date, the Friday draw was introduced in addition to the Wednesday and Saturday draws. Following the change of rules, while the chance of winning "anything" on Thunderball has more than doubled, the chance of winning the top prizes has more than halved.
The odds and payouts are as follows:
EuroMillions.
On Saturday 7 February 2004 the lottery organisation Camelot launched a pan-European lottery: EuroMillions. The first draw took place on Friday 13 February 2004 in Paris. The UK, France and Spain were involved initially. Lotteries from Austria, Belgium, Ireland, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland joined the draw on 8 October 2004. The draws are currently made in Paris and shown recorded in the UK on BBC One, approximately 3 hours after the draw has taken place.
The entry fee to the EuroMillions draw is £2.00 per board. The odds of winning the Jackpot are 116,531,799 to 1.
Scratchcards and online Instant Wins.
As well as tickets for the Draw Games, the National Lottery also sells scratchcards.
These are small pieces of card where an area has been covered by a thin layer of opaque (and usually designed according to the particular card) latex that can be scratched off. Under this area are concealed the items/pictures that must be found in order to win. Scratchcards can be purchased in most newsagents and supermarkets.
The generic scratchcard requires the player to match three of the same prize amounts. If this is accomplished, they win that amount; the highest possible currently being £4,000,000 on a £10 scratchcard. Other scratchcards involve matching symbols, pictures or words. The highest possible prize currently for a £1 scratchcard is £100,000.
Initially, all scratchcards were sold for £1. Over the years, scratchcards that range in price from £2 to £10 have become available. More expensive scratchcards are larger and offer more games with higher-value prizes. Some scratchcards even have jackpots other than one-off payments, such as a yearly sum or a car. Odds for winning a top prize on a scratchcard depend greatly on how many have been sold and whether there is any top prize scratchcards in circulation at time of purchase. Generally, the odds of winning a top prize are around 1 in 3,500,000 on most scratchcards.
Recently, Camelot have introduced a £10 scratchcard with the chance to instantly win £4,000,000.
Instant Win games are online games where the player can win prizes instantly. Some Instant Win games are similar in format to scratchcards, with others involving more interactive play such as dice-rolling or matching special symbols. It is made clear that the Instant Win games are solely based on luck and that no skill or judgement is involved in winning in try or paid games. Players must be registered in order to buy or try an Instant Win. Try games are free of charge and no payouts are made in respect of any prizes which may be won on a try game. As with scratchcards there are a wide variety of Instant Win games available with different odds of winning prizes. Cost to play these games vary from as low as 25p, to a maximum currently of £5 per play. The current highest possible prize to win on Instant Wins is £1 Million on a £5 game. Odds of winning a top prize vary on each Instant Win game, and may be higher or lower than their scratchcard counterpart.
UK Millionaire Raffle.
Each EuroMillions ticket purchased in the UK contains a unique raffle number, consisting of three letters and six numbers. There is one winner per draw (with the exception of a special draw), with each winner winning a usually fixed £1,000,000. Odds of winning depend on the number of tickets sold for that particular draw in the UK, but are generally 1 in 3,500,000 on Tuesdays and 1 in 9,200,000 on Fridays.
Lotto Raffle.
Following the changes to the Lotto game, Camelot introduced Lotto raffle which is a ticket bought automatically with a Lotto ticket. Each raffle number consists of a colour and 8 numbers (e.g. AQUA 4579 2965). Each winning raffle number wins a fixed amount of £20,000. For each draw the list of winning numbers is published online, along with a map of where the winners are by region. The number of winners varies during rollovers:
For the two launch night draws (5th and 12th October) there were 1,000 winners per draw. 
Discontinued games.
Lotto Extra.
Lotto Extra was introduced on 13 November 2000 and was originally called The National Lottery Extra but renamed Lotto Extra in 2002. It was an add on from the main draw where a player could select "Lotto Extra same numbers" or a lucky dip. Players would pick six numbers from 49 and there were no lower tier prizes so a perfect match was required. The last draw was on 8 July 2006 and it was replaced by Dream Number.
Dream Number.
Dream Number was launched on 15 July 2006. It involved a random seven digit number generated for entry into the main draw. It was played independently of "Lotto", or if played with "Lotto" one Dream Number was generated per ticket, not per Lotto entry. The cost of entry was £1. A dream number was printed on every Lotto ticket bought, whether the player had chosen to enter it into the draw or not. Unlike other "Lotto" games, it was not possible to choose the number entered, and the order that the numbers were drawn was significant, as the numbers had to be matched in the same order for the player to win. Players had to "match with the first number in order to start winning prizes" (ranging from £2 to £500,000), which meant that 90% of players lost as soon as the first ball was drawn. Draws took place on Wednesdays and Saturdays, but only the Saturday draw was televised. The Wednesday draw took place prior to the live TV show and the winning dream number was announced during the show. All money raised for good causes from Dream Number went towards the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The National Lottery closed the Dream Number game on Wednesday 9 February 2011, which was also the date of the last Dream Number draw.
Daily Play.
The Daily Play draw could be played every day except Sunday and Christmas Day. By selecting seven numbers between 1 and 27, players could win anything from a free lucky dip to £30,000. The draw gave its players the chance to win a free daily play lucky-dip for not matching any numbers in the draw. The entry fee to the Daily Play draw was £1 per board.
Daily Play draws were broadcast via a webcast. In addition, from March 2005 to October 2005, the Daily Play draw was broadcast live on Challenge TV in the "Glory Ball" show, hosted by Jean Anderson, James McCourt, Jayne Sharp and Nikki Cowan.
The National Lottery Daily Play Draw ended on Friday, 6 May 2011.
Lotto Plus 5.
Lotto Plus 5 was introduced in 2010 to plug the gaps between the Wednesday and Saturday Lotto draws, meaning it takes place on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays. Players can enter by paying an extra £1 when buying their Lotto ticket, which enters the same ticket numbers into five separate draws. Each draw offers fixed prizes for matching 3, 4, 5 and 6 numbers, with the jackpot being worth £250,000. It has been estimated that the game produces an extra 500,000 Lotto winners every week. Along with the changes to the main Lotto game, plus 5 is being discontinued. The last Plus 5 draw was played on 1 October 2013, with the last date to buy a ticket being 23 September 2013.
Other ways to play.
As well as by purchasing a ticket at a shop, tickets can be purchased many other ways.
Online.
All National Lottery games can be played online after registering. There are two ways of playing the lotto online.
Direct Debit. Players can sign up by registering their bank account details and their saved numbers will be automatically entered. The National Lottery notifies winners by email if they have won although this will not be on the evening of the draw and notification is usually by 12 noon the following day. This method is only available for the main Lotto (also excluding Lotto Plus 5 on the same ticket) and Thunderball games.
Loaded Account. Funds are loaded into a player's account and are played as required. The National Lottery notifies winners by email if they have won on the draw games, or in the case of the lower prize Instant Wins, transfer the winnings to their account. The current minimum loading amount is £10.00 GBP.
Text.
Players can play the Lotto, Thunderball, EuroMillions and Lotto HotPicks by text after registering their mobile phone number. The discontinued games Dream Number and Daily Play also allowed text entry.
Sky Active.
Lotto and EuroMillions were once available for play through Sky Active; however, this service was discontinued in September 2009. Prior to its discontinuation, players could purchase up to eight weeks worth of tickets at a time.
Olympic Lottery.
Following the success of London's bid to host the 2012 Summer Olympics, Olympic Lottery Scratchcards were launched on 27 July 2005 under the brand name "Go for Gold". 28% of the price of £1 went to the Olympic Lottery Distribution Fund, and the scratchcards were intended to raise £750,000,000 (US$1.14 billion) towards the cost of staging the games.
The National Lottery on television.
The majority of National Lottery draws take place on live television. The first National Lottery show (entitled "The National Lottery Live: The First Draw") was at 19:00 on Saturday 19 November 1994. Presented by Noel Edmonds, this was an hour long special, in which 49 contestants competed to become the first person to start the draw, the first person being 18-year-old Deborah Walsh. The first number ever to be drawn was 30. For its first few years, the TV show took the title "The National Lottery Live", and was presented mainly by Anthea Turner or Bob Monkhouse. Other notable presenters during this period included Carol Smillie, Terry Wogan and Ulrika Jonsson. On 30 November 1996, live on BBC One, the draw machine failed to start.
On 20 May 2006, during the draw on "The National Lottery Jet Set" that took place minutes before the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, several members of the group Fathers 4 Justice protested on the set causing the show to be taken off air for several minutes while the protesters were removed from the studio.
Traditionally, the draws would take place in the BBC studio during the game show on a Saturday. However, in more recent years, the channel airing the lottery draw has prerecorded the non-draw parts of the show and then switched to 'National Lottery HQ', a designated studio for the live draws.
Wednesday draws used to have their own 10-minute slot on BBC One, which was hosted by various presenters in the National Lottery HQ Studio, some presenters included Gethin Jones, Christopher Biggins. The presenters included OJ Borg, Matt Johnson and Jenni Falconer. it is rarely presented by Myleene Klass and Scott Mills. It is Alan Dedicoat who provides the voice-over of announcing the balls drawn and sometimes interacting with the presenter, he is known as "The Voice Of the Balls". 
As of 7 January 2012 there have been a total of 1678 draws which consist of 784 Wednesday draws and 894 Saturday draws. In a plan to spread BBC productions across the United Kingdom, all lottery shows will be relocating to BBC Scotland. UKTV Gold additionally hosted the "Euromillions: Boom Bang" show, which was broadcast every Friday.
From January 2013, the Wednesday draws are no longer broadcast, and are available to watch exclusively on the National Lottery's website. There is still a results update on BBC One at 10:35pm.
National Lottery Xtra.
Between 10 March 2008 and 1 February 2010, the "National Lottery Xtra" channel was broadcast on Freeview channel 45 for one hour a day. Programming included content from winners of the jackpot and National Lottery Good Causes projects, as well as behind-the-scenes footage on how the National Lottery was operated.
Good causes.
It was announced during the live Saturday night draw show on 30 March 2007 that The National Lottery has so far raised £20 billion (US$39.2 billion) for 'good causes', a programme which distributes money via grants. 28% of lottery revenue goes towards the fund, along with all unclaimed prizes. Additionally, 12% goes to the state. The prize fund is 50% of revenue, with the remaining 10% going towards running costs and profits for the lottery organisers and ticket sellers.
The distribution of money to 'good causes' is not the responsibility of the operator (Camelot). It is the responsibility of The National Lottery Distribution Fund (NLDF), administered by the government Department for Culture, Media and Sport. Currently 54% is given to arts, sports and heritage via government agencies and the remaining 46% is given to charitable, health, education and environment causes by the Big Lottery Fund.
The Heritage Lottery Fund was set up by the government in 1994 to provide money for "projects involving the local, regional and national heritage". The fund come from the money raised by the National Lottery's 'Good Causes'. Since 1994, the Heritage Lottery Fund has given grants totalling approximately £4 billion to more than 26,000 projects.
In 2004 on the 10th anniversary of the National Lottery, the National Lottery Awards were instituted as an annual event to provide recognition of the work of Lottery funded projects around the UK. Certain projects are selected as the best in particular categories. The trophies were designed and produced by Gaudio Awards.
Percentage return.
The National Lottery is a jackpot system with the majority of winnings going to those few players who pick all six numbers. The average percentage return is the share of the ticket sales devoted to prize funds, about 45% (i.e., 45% of the money spent on tickets would be won in prizes). The spread of returns will be very wide and influenced by several factors that change week-by-week (e.g. the number of tickets sold, the "distinctiveness" and popularity of the winning numbers). Over an extremely long period (tens of millions of draws) the return on investment would approach the average, about 45%. Over a shorter period there is a very small chance of a big win, but otherwise an average return of less than 45%; a numerical experiment using 10,000 random sets of numbers each week for 3 years found that, had the tickets been bought, the rate of return would have been less than 30%.
In their book "Scenarios for Risk Management and Global Investment Strategies", ISBN 978-0-470-31924-6 (HB) John Wiley & Sons Ltd 2007, academics Rachel E S Ziemba and William T Ziemba say with regard to 6/49 lotteries, "Random numbers have an expected loss of about 55%. However, six-tuples of unpopular numbers have an edge with expected returns exceeding their cost by about 65%. The expected value rises and approaches $2.25 per dollar wagered when there are carryovers term: rollovers. Random numbers, such as those from lucky dip and quick pick, and popular numbers are worth more with carryovers but never have an advantage." They conclude that, due to the time that would be required to achieve success, "except for millionaires and pooled syndicates, it is not possible to use the unpopular numbers in a scientific way to beat the lotto and have high confidence of becoming rich; these aspiring millionaires will also most likely be residing in a cemetery when their distant heirs reach the goal".
Unclaimed prizes.
Winning tickets must be claimed within 180 days of the draw taking place. If a prize is unclaimed within that time, it is distributed through the National Lottery Distribution Fund. For all major prizes (£50,000 and over) approximately two weeks after the draw, if no claim has been received, the area in which the ticket was purchased is released.
The highest unclaimed prize distributed this way to date was a winning ticket worth £63,837,543.60 which was bought in Stevenage and Hitchin for the Euromillions draw of 8 June 2012. This was a world record unclaimed prize. All investment income from unclaimed prizes also goes to good causes via the National Lottery Distribution Fund.
Regulation.
The National Lottery is regulated by the National Lottery Commission — a non-departmental public body reporting to the Department of Culture, Media and Sport. Until 1 April 1999 the National Lottery was regulated by the Office of the National Lottery (known by the acronym OFLOT).
The Lottery was set up in 1993 under the National Lottery etc. Act 1993 and was reformed under the National Lottery Act 1998 and the National Lottery Act 2006.
The National Lottery is a member of the World Lottery Association.
Machine appearances.
The national lottery have a number of different machines and ball sets which are selected by either a celebrity or a member of the general public. This is used to randomise the process and create an independent selection of machinery to reduce the chance of human override. Below is a table of how many times each machine has appeared in the main National Lottery, or Lotto game.
As of Saturday 8 December 2012
1Note, on the draw on Saturday 17 September 2011, they announced that Arthur with set of balls 3 was chosen, but they were using Guinevere due to technical difficulties. Arthur wasn't used again until the draw on Saturday 8 October 2011.
2Also note, on the draw on Saturday 14 April 2012, they announced that Merlin with set of balls 5 was chosen, but they were using Lancelot due to technical difficulties. Merlin wasn't used again until the draw on Saturday 8 December 2012.
3Also note, on the draw on Saturday 12 May 2012, they announced that Arthur with set of balls 5 was chosen, but they were using Lancelot due to technical difficulties. Arthur wasn't used again until the draw on Saturday 5 January 2013.
4Also note, on the draw on Saturday 31 August 2013, they announced that Arthur with set of balls 3 was chosen, but they were using Merlin due to technical difficulties. Arthur wasn't used again until the draw on Wednesday 18 September 2013.
Ball set uses.
As of Saturday 8 December 2012

</doc>
<doc id="19470455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470455" title="Clydestone Ghana">
Clydestone Ghana

Clydestone Ghana is a Ghanaian information and communications technology company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It was formed in June 1989, and has since become the primary company in Ghana laying cables and improving the telecommunications infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="19470465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470465" title="Philadelphia International Airport Terminals (SEPTA station)">
Philadelphia International Airport Terminals (SEPTA station)

Philadelphia International Airport Terminals are a series of railroad stations that are designed to connect SEPTA Regional Rail with the Philadelphia International Airport. Rather than a single station, it is a complex of three stations and four stops throughout the airport for six terminals:
Airport Terminal A East/West.
The Terminal A-West/East station is located on the right half of the Terminal A-West pre-security area, on Level 2, closest to gate A-15. Located on a common platform with Terminal B, the Terminal A station entered service in 1990 along with the terminal itself (originally constructed as a concrete shell in the mid-1970s, PHL's Terminal A had remained unfinished for about 15 more years due to funding disputes with Delaware County, on whose land this part of the city-owned airport is situated, and issues regarding customs facilities for what was then PHL's new international terminal).
Airport Terminal B.
The stations for terminal A and terminal B share platforms. Trains stop at one end for Terminal A and the other end for Terminal B.
Airport Terminals E & F.
Each of the four stations is fully handicapped accessible and is located next to the baggage claim at each terminal with escalator and elevator access from each terminal's skyway. Incoming trains from the city first arrive at Terminal A, and arrive last at Terminals E and F, where the line terminates.
Although the airport is located less than 10 miles from Center City, the stations are located in zone 5. Therefore commuters are currently charged US $7.00 one-way to any of the five stations in the Center City zone, the same fare as anybody else traveling to and from zone 5. Discounts are available for tickets purchased before boarding or riding after 7PM. Advance purchases can be made at a station, other sales locations within the airport, and by mail-order through the Transit Store link on SEPTA's website. No parking is available at any of the stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19470475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470475" title="Aziza Jafarzadeh">
Aziza Jafarzadeh

Aziza Jafarzade (born December 29, 1921, Baku, Azerbaijan — September 4, 2003) () was an Azerbaijani female writer and professor of philology, Ph.D.

</doc>
<doc id="19470521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470521" title="Holy Trinity Church, Sighișoara">
Holy Trinity Church, Sighișoara

The Holy Trinity Church, Sighişoara () is a Romanian Orthodox Church located on the northern bank of the Târnava Mare River, Sighişoara, Romania. As the seat of an archpriest and not a bishop, it is a church and not technically a cathedral, but is commonly referred to as such. 
History.
It was built in what was known at the time as "Parcul Elisabeta" (Elizabeth Park), commencing in 1934, after a proposal to build it in the town center was turned down. Building supervisors were Archpriest Emilian Stoica and Priest Aurel Stoicovici. The church cost 12 million lei to build, money that came from the management of a 300 arpents of forest that the church had been given in 1925. The 1937 sanctification ceremony was led by Romanian Orthodox Metropolitan Nicolae Bălan.
Architecture.
The Holy Trinity Church, Sighişoara was designed in the Neo-Byzantine style. It was built in 1934-37 following the plans of architect Dumitru Petrescu Gopeş, with interior paintings done by the painter A. Demian. 
The iconostasis was built by two artists from Rupea, Schiopul and Babic. The smallest of the three church bells was donated by the parishioners, the middle one by Mayor Aurel Mosora, and the biggest one by County Prefect dr. Victor Stirbet on behalf of the county prefecture. The walls were repainted in 1980-84.
The church has its own choir, called "Vox Animi".

</doc>
<doc id="19470539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470539" title="St. Joseph's Catholic College, Bradford">
St. Joseph's Catholic College, Bradford

St. Joseph's Catholic College is a Roman Catholic Girls' school with specialist science college status, situated in Manningham, close to Bradford city centre in West Yorkshire, England.
School history.
St. Joseph’s Catholic College was founded by the Order of the Sisters of the Cross and Passion in 1908. It was a direct grant grammar school until 1977 when it became a Voluntary Aided 13–19 Girls’ School under the trusteeship of the Diocese of Leeds, which owns the buildings and grounds, and appoints the majority of the Governors. In 1995 due to Bradford Catholic re-organisation the College became an 11–19 Catholic Girls' School.
Governors.
The Governors are responsible for managing the budget, for the appointment of staff and the admission of pupils. The College has over 1,000 pupils, of whom 176 are in the Sixth Form, and 69 teaching staff. The intake of 150 comes from 16 Catholic parishes.
School dress.
Lower School.
Navy Blue Blazer, Blue and white checked Blouse, Red jumper and Navy Blue skirt with logo
Upper School.
Navy Blue Blazer, Blue and white checked Blouse, Red jumper and Navy Blue skirt with logo
School today.
The College was founded on its present site in February 1908 by the Sisters of the Cross and Passion, who gave the College its motto "Per Crucem ad Lucem"- "Through the Cross to the Light".
Graduates include Olympic medalists, diplomats, members of parliament, television journalists, actresses, artists, writers, professors, religious sisters and Bankers.
Sixth form.
There is a mixed-sex education Sixth Form, St. Benedict's Sixth Form, with our sister school, St. Bede's Grammar School. Most students in Year 11 successfully progress onto the Sixth Form, college and apprenticeships.
The uniform has changed several times for sixth form students.

</doc>
<doc id="19470541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470541" title="DR Class 01.5">
DR Class 01.5

The DR Class 01.5 was the designation given by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany to express train locomotives that were 'reconstructed' from those of the pre-war DRG Class 01.
History.
In 1962 the repair shop ("Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk") of RAW Meiningen rebuilt 35 Class 01 engines. At that time the locomotives were still vital for heavy passenger train duties, but the locomotive frame and boiler were so worn that it was essential to replace them. Like the DB rebuilds in West Germany after the Second World War, only those locomotives with more powerful brakes (i.e. those from no. 01 102 onwards) and 1000 mm carrying wheels were converted.
The rebuild did not just involve the installation of a new boiler; the entire locomotive underwent modification. The most obvious external change was the steam space cover running the length of the boiler barrel and copied from the ČSD Class 477.0, which lent the locomotives a sleek, modern appearance. The large smoke deflectors too were replaced by smaller ones with the upper front corners clipped off at an angle.
The new boiler made the so-called "Reko-01" ("Reko" is short for "Rekolokomotive") into the most powerful German express train steam locomotive. In addition to a combustion chamber and the well-known IfS mixer-preheater, the 01.5's boiler was fitted with three full bore boiler safety valves (Ackermann valves, nominal width 60). The engines were given Trofimoff valves and, apart from 01 501 and 01 520, new welded cylinders. The new boiler came with a new, welded driver's cab with upholstered seats, side-pull regulator and other improvements to the working conditions of the locomotive crew, as well as an Indusi system. The latter was required for the border-crossing traffic to Bebra and Hamburg-Altona and services on the Dresden-Berlin line. Because the coupled wheelsets on many engines had to be replaced due to fractured spokes, eight examples were fitted with Boxpok wheels made of cast iron, like those already used in the Soviet Union and the USA. These did not prove themselves, however, due to manufacturing defects and were later swapped out for spoked wheels from retired 01s. In order to hide the ugly wheelsets, the Boxpok locomotives and several other vehicles were fitted with full skirts. 
From locomotive number 01 519, all the locomotives were given oil-firing systems when rebuilt, which enabled a further increase in performance. Apart from the seven engines at Berlin Ostbahnhof locomotive depot, all the other engines were later converted to primary oil-firing. The tenders could carry 13.5 tonnes of heavy fuel oil. During the course of the oil crisis in the early 1980s all the oil-fired locomotives were withdrawn. All of the locomotives were originally meant to remain in service for two maintenance periods (each of 6 years), however every locomotive exceeded this. After they were withdrawn from active duty, several engines were used as heating locomotives. Number 01 519 was refurbished in 1990-91 from being a heating engine, and was made fully operational by the DR. It was not taken out of service until 1991.
Accident.
Number 01 516, at the time already sporting its computer number 01 1516-2, achieved regrettable notoriety, when on 7 November 1977 its boiler exploded at Bitterfeld station due to a lack of water, killing not only the crew of 2, but another 7 bystanders, and injuring more than 50 people. This was the last boiler explosion in Germany. Such a mishap had been seen at the time as inconceivable because the technical condition of the boilers was checked thoroughly and it was believed that appropriately trained crews - not least for their own interests - would follow the proper safety procedures.
On a similar journey with experienced staff in spring 1978 an attempt was made to investigate the circumstances of the accident. The DR's investigation report, which was not made public, showed that the regular engine driver was being retrained as an electric locomotive driver and had been replaced by an engine driver who was more actively involved in everything. Because the stoker formed a close-knit team with his regular driver and was not used to this situation, a lack of communication led to a shortage of water on the approach to Bitterfeld station.
The accident had no knock-on effect on the employment of steam locomotives in the GDR.
Preserved locomotives.
Five DR Class 01.5 steam locomotives have been preserved (as at 08/2008):

</doc>
<doc id="19470544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470544" title="Mechanical Lloyd">
Mechanical Lloyd

Mechanical Lloyd Company Limited is a Ghanaian automobiles company. They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It was incorporated on August 7, 1970 and was listed on the stock exchange on May 10, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19470551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470551" title="Sible and Castle Hedingham railway station">
Sible and Castle Hedingham railway station

Sible and Castle Hedingham railway station was a station in Sible Hedingham, Essex. It closed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19470552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470552" title="Bill Paschall">
Bill Paschall

William Herbert Paschall is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Paschall pitched in 11 games over three seasons for the Kansas City Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="19470576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470576" title="Dubrovnik Summer Festival">
Dubrovnik Summer Festival

The Dubrovnik Summer Festival (; is an annually-held summer festival instituted in 1950 in Dubrovnik, Croatia. It is held every year between 10 July and 25 August.
On more than 70 open-air venues of Renaissance-Baroque city of Dubrovnik a rich programme of classical music, theatre, opera and dance performances is presented.
History.
The idea of founding the "Dubrovnik Summer Festival"' in 1950 was harmonizing the renaissance and baroque atmosphere of Dubrovnik and the living spirit of drama and music, actually derived from the intellectual way of life of the city itself, from its living creative tradition, which has bestowed upon Croatian cultural and scholarly history, especially in theatre and literature, many great names and works, and kept it continually in touch with contemporary currents in western Europe. 
Programme.
Drama programme.
The works of Marin Držić, Nikola Nalješković, Ivan Gundulić and Ivo Vojnović were to become a mainstay of the drama programme, then, while with the understanding of the idea of the importance of ambience, which is the principal distinguishing feature of the Dubrovnik Festival, the specific theatrical values of the wider Croatian dramatic heritage gradually became revealed, as did the adaptability of the classics of European dramatic art to the squares, palaces, towers and parks of Dubrovnik. Above all Shakespeare, but also Goldoni, the Greek tragedians, Molière, Corneille and Goethe became yardsticks of the traditionalist nature of the festival. As early as 1952 director Marko Fotez, the prime mover behind the group of enthusiasts who started up the Festival, put on Hamlet at the Fort Lovrijenac, which soon became an ideal setting for this drama known throughout the world. Equally attractive were the performances of Goldonis Fishermens Quarrels in the old city harbour, renaissance comedies and mystery plays taking place in the city squares (called after Gundulić, Bunić and Držić), Goethes Iphigenia, staged in Gradac Park by Croatias greatest director Branko Gavella, and Vojnović's The Trilogy of Dubrovnik, an emblematic work about the fall of the Dubrovnik Republic, staged in the authentic rooms of the Rectors Palace, Sponza Palace and Gruž summer residence. 
The ambience determined not only the repertoire but also the organization of the festival, and most of the performances were performed by the Festival Drama Ensemble, composed of the best Croatian actors. There were also guest appearances that enhanced exclusiveness of the event including the Piccolo Teatro from Milan, the Old Vic, the Greek National Theatre from Athens, the Stadttheater from Basel, the London Prospect Theatre Company and the Teatar Stary from Krakow.
Hamlet has been played by prestigious actors such as Derek Jacobi and Daniel Day-Lewis. 
Music programme.
The festival music programme was initially conceptualised as presentation of the best composers, soloists and orchestras from the country, but by the end of the fifties it had already grown into a real review of top solo artists and ensembles from all around the world. The high standard of performance in Dubrovnik was complemented by functional use of the attractive and acoustic buildings, particularly the Rectors Palace Atrium. In the early seventies special attention was paid to the music and concert programme conception, with larger number of representatives of new currents in music taking part, in addition to those who attempted to breathe new life into the old, especially Croatian, music. 
Many famous artists and orchestras performed at the Dubrovnik Summer Festival, contributing to its prestige worldwide. In addition to regular appearances of the Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra, on festival perfomred Czech Philharmonic, The Hallé Orchestra, the French Radio Orchestra, the Suisse Romande Orchestra, the RAI Symphony Orchestra from Turin, philharmonic orchestras from London, Vienna, Dresden, Berlin, Moscow, Warsaw, St Petersburg, and the Cincinnati Symphony.
Among chamber and vocal ensembles the Beethoven Quartet, Borodin Quartet and Prokofiev Quartet from Moscow, the LaSalle Quartet and Juilliard Quartet from New York, the Amadeus Quartet from London, the Parrenin Quartet from Paris, the New Vienna Quartet and Alban Berg Quartet from Vienna, the Virtuosi di Roma, the Zagreb Soloists, the Lucerne Festival Strings, the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, the Vienna Boys, the Beaux Arts Trio from New York, the Prague Chamber Orchestra and many others. 
Among piano soloists taking part were Svyatoslav Richter, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Nikita Magaloff, Van Cliburn, Martha Argerich, Rudolf Firkusny, Alexis Weissenberg, Aldo Ciccolini, Claudio Arrau, Mihail Pletnov and Ivo Pogorelić, flutist James Galway, violinists Henry Szeryng, Leonid Kogan, Isaac Stern, David Oistrakh, Viktor Tretiakov, Zlatko Baloković and Uto Ughi, as well as cellists Rostropovich, Navarra, Janigro and Tortellier. Great singers like Nicolai Gedda and Monserrat Caballe have also performed at the festival, as well as star performers like Duke Ellington, Dizzy Gillespie and Ravi Shankar
Opera programme.
The history of operatic performances began in 1951, when the Sarajevo Opera made a guest appearance with five of its productions. The period up to 1963 was characteristic of guest appearances mainly of opera houses from the then state, but also of the search for venues suitable for staging of operas. In 1964 the first festival opera production Monteverdis The Coronation of Poppea, directed and conducted by Lovro Matačić, was put on in front of the Rectors Palace. 
However the best way of getting Dubrovnik and the opera together was found in 1971, and chamber operas, mostly comic, have been staged in the atrium of the Rectors Palace since. In addition to the festival performances of works by Monteverdi, Pergolesi, Caldara, Cimarosa, Salieri, Telemann or Galuppi, the practice of having guest opera performances continued, including those by the Opera of the Croatian National Theatre from Zagreb, the Teatro Massimo from Palermo, the Piccolo Teatro Musicale from Rome, the Phoenix Opera from London, and the Moscow Chamber Musical Theatre. 
Ballet programme.
Ballet and dance have also been welcome guests at the Dubrovnik Summer Festival, which was confirmed by the series of famous names and groups presenting their projects on the terrace of the Revelin Fortress. Alongside the best local troupes, choreographers and soloists, Dubrovnik has been visited by Merce Cunningham, Jerome Robbins, Alvin Ailey, Glenn Tetley and Martha Graham and their companies, the Twentieth Century Ballet of Maurice Bejart, the American Ballet Theatre, the London Festival Ballet, the Harkness Ballet, the Antonio Gades troupe, the ballet of the Hungarian State Opera, and ballets from the cities of Parma, Antwerp and Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="19470604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470604" title="Paul Holmes (producer)">
Paul Holmes (producer)

Paul Holmes is a British freelance television director and lecturer at Napier University in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Holmesy wrote and directed a short film "Sniper 470", starring actors Billy Boyd and Carmen Pieraccini.
Holmes was nominated for a BAFTA for producing the short "A Small Deposit", along with director Eleanor Yule. He also produced and directed a short film "Going Down",
Holmes previously worked in children's television, directing drama series such as Newcastle-based "Byker Grove"
He also worked on children's programme "Balamory" and between 2005-06 Holmes directed several episodes of BBC Scotland's Glasgow-based soap "River City."

</doc>
<doc id="19470612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470612" title="Kawasaki KZ200">
Kawasaki KZ200

The Kawasaki KZ200 was a street cruiser produced between 1978 to 1984 by Kawasaki Motorcycles.
In Indonesia, the motorcycle is also known as "Binter", which is the abbreviation of "Bintang Terang" meaning "Bright Star" in Indonesian language, derived from the distributor's corporate name in the country. Therefore, Indonesians are more familiar to recognize the cruiser as Binter Merzy or Kawasaki Binter.
With 198 cc single cylinder, it was considered one of the biggest engine capacities of mass-production motorcycle in Indonesia in the early 1980s.
Development history.
The production began in 1978, starting with conventional ignition system. This configuration lasts until the latest production batch in 1982.
By 1983, the motorcycle adopted the CDI system until the production stopped in 1984. The early production of this specification is called Merzy CDI, while the latter were launched with new model of fuel tank and referred as Merzy Cobra.
It was once planned that Kawasaki Motorcycles would launch a new model with improved engine capacity of 250 cc. However, due to the Indonesia's governmental regulation at that time, the plan was turned down. The regulation limited the engine capacity of maximum 200 cc for public motorcycles during the period.

</doc>
<doc id="19470634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470634" title="Kiss Flights">
Kiss Flights

Kiss Flights was a charter, seat only tour operator which ceased trading on 17 August 2010. Kiss Flights was a trading name for Flight Options Ltd, based in London. The company sold flights to Spain (mainland and Canary Islands), Cyprus, Egypt, Greece, Portugal and Turkey.
History.
Originally trading under the name of , it was sold to Flight Options Ltd in January 2009 following the collapse of XL Leisure Group. It was founded by Michael Smith and Paul Moss, who had previously worked at failed tour operator XL Airways which also went into administration in September 2008. Some of their flights were operated by the Swedish airline Viking Airlines. The company was registered with ATOL (No.4233) through its parent company, Flight Options Ltd. The parent company was set up in 1995 and has bought a number of other companies. The website was originally only for travel agents, although it later became possible for the general public to directly book online. The company was licensed to sell 168,700 seats until March 2011 using ATOL protection.
Cessation of operations.
On 17 August 2010 Flight Options Ltd announced that it would cease trading at 17:00 BST. This led to initial uncertainty for up to 70,000 holidaymakers, with 13,000 of those abroad. It is the third British travel company to fold during the summer of 2010. Firstly Goldtrail collapsed on 17 July 2010, then Sun4U on 13 August 2010. Due to the timing at the height of the summer season the CAA even guaranteed outbound flights for the first 24 hours after the collapse.

</doc>
<doc id="19470647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470647" title="Mahnoosh">
Mahnoosh

Mahnoosh or Mahnoush ( or ) is a common female first name. It is mostly used in Iran and other Persian-speaking areas in the world, meaning a beautiful girl. Mahnoosh also means someone seeking for moon (beauty).
Meaning.
The name Mahnoosh is a popular female first name. The origin of the name Mahnoosh is Iranian with the meaning "drink from the moon". The word Mah () means the moon as a symbol of beauty. The word noosh () has different meanings in Persian. Noosh means "sweet, lovely, and attractive". It also means "to drink", "to seek". So, Mahnoosh could either mean a lovely pretty lady, or someone who looks for beauty and perfection.
Also noosh () in Persian has another meaning, that is a piece of something. So another meaning of mahnoosh is "a piece of the moon".
An old meaning of the word "noosh" is "generosity". So, Mahnoosh can signify a generous person who gifts elegance. The word noosh also has an older meaning; "destiny". In this sense, Mahnoosh denotes someone whose destiny is tied up with sublimity and eminency.
Popularity.
The name Mahnoosh is the 6236th most popular baby name at Mybaby-name.com, placing it in the top 9% of names by popularity. In the year 2007, the name Mahnoosh was the 13367th most popular name, and it was in the top 19% for the year.
Further reading.
1. http://fa.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D9%86%D8%A7%D9%85%E2%80%8C%D9%87%D8%A7%DB%8C_%D8%A7%DB%8C%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%86%DB%8C

</doc>
<doc id="19470676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470676" title="A Thousand Memories">
A Thousand Memories

A Thousand Memories is the debut album of American country music artist Rhett Akins. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in country music) on Decca Records Nashville.
Content.
The album produced four chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts in "What They're Talkin' About" at number 35), "I Brake for Brunettes" at number 36, "That Ain't My Truck" at number 3, and "She Said Yes" at number 17.
Akins co-wrote all the tracks on this album except for "Katy Brought My Guitar Back Today", which was previously recorded by Alabama on their 1994 album "Cheap Seats".
Critical reception.
Giving it 2 stars out of 5, Chris Dickinson of "New Country" described "What They're Talkin' About" as a "guilty pleasure" and compared it to Rick Springfield's "Jessie's Girl". He thought that Akins "has a knack for this sort of thing, but his ballads are harder to buy" due to his "youngish delivery". "Entertainment Weekly" reviewer Alanna Nash rated it C+, saying that Akins was "not quite ready for prime time" due to his age, and that his "life experience rarely goes beyond falling in love in the back of a Ford".
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.
Strings performed by the Nashville String Machine; Carl Gorodetzky, concertmaster.
String arrangement on "Katy Brought My Guitar Back Today" by Charles Cochran.
Strings on "Those Hands" and "She Said Yes" conducted and arranged by Bergen White.

</doc>
<doc id="19470696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470696" title="The Ballroom Blitz &amp; More Sweet Hits">
The Ballroom Blitz &amp; More Sweet Hits

The Ballroom Blitz & More Sweet Hits is a greatest hits album from British rock band Sweet, initially released in Australia in 1992 on the BMG label. Upon its release it reached number 19 on the Australian albums chart. It was also released in the United States in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19470701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470701" title="Yeldham railway station">
Yeldham railway station

Yeldham railway station was located in Great Yeldham, Essex. It closed in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19470708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470708" title="Racebannon">
Racebannon

Racebannon is an American noise punk band from Bloomington, Indiana.
History.
Racebannon was formed in Indianapolis in 1996 by Michael Anderson and James Bauman. The group cites The Melvins, Melt Banana, and Ice Nine as early influences. They cobbled together a lineup from members of other Indianapolis hardcore punk bands and released their first 7" record in 1998. Many other 7"'s, split 7"'s, and compilation appearances followed, as well as the band's debut album, "First There Was The Emptiness". The group's name comes from Dr. Quest's bodyguard in the "Jonny Quest" franchise. Among the group's unusual sonic attributes is the use of DJ scratching, but as a conduit for noise rather than a rhythmic accompaniment (as in hip hop). After moving to Bloomington, Indiana, they signed with Secretly Canadian, who released their full-length "In the Grips of the Light". The album was recorded with Mike Mogis of Lullaby for the Working Class, and resulted in their winning praise from "Alternative Press". 2002's "Satan's Kickin' Yr Dick In", was a concept album revolving around a Faustian bargain and was also produced by Mogis. Over the course of the album (sometimes considered a rock opera), the protagonist, Rodney, sells his soul to Satan in exchange for the chance to become a drag queen rock star. The group performed at SXSW in 2003. Their most recent album, "Acid or Blood", appeared in 2008 on Southern Records. Another album, entitled "Six Sik Sisters", and a 12" remix of a Merzbow track have also been named as future releases.

</doc>
<doc id="19470720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470720" title="Fan Milk">
Fan Milk

Fan Milk is a manufacturer and retailer of icecream and frozen dairy products which has a leading position on the West African market.
In June 2013, The Abraaj Group of Dubai acquired the firm.
History.
Fan Milk Nigeria Plc was founded in 1960 by a Danish Merchant and Industrialist Erik Emborg with a recombination-plant at Ibadan, a distribution centre in Lagos with less than 30 employees.
The plant produced fresh milk from imported milk powder. Initially, the product range was white milk, chocolate milk, cottage cheese and set yoghurt. The main outlet was bicycle vendors supplied with cold products from a growing number of smaller depots.
In the 1970s Fan Milk introduced yoghurt drink, ice lollies, ice cream and new Tetra Pak packaging technology. The new products became very popular in the market and generated the financial strength to set up further depots and, in 1981, a second recombination-plant in Kano came up.
At the outset, the foreign partner owned 96 per cent of Fan Milk Plc. When the government introduced The Nigerian Enterprises Promotion Decree in the late 1970s. Fan Milk Plc increased its capital and invited more Nigerians to invest which created a 60 per cent Nigerian participation in the company.
During the 1980s and 1990s, import restrictions, economic difficulties, devaluations and shortages of fuel weakened Fan Milk Plc. In 1998 the foreign partner and the industrialization Fund for Developing Countries ( Denmark) agreed to an infusion of capital which let the company restructure finances, refurbish cold rooms, increase the number of depots and introduce a product, Tampico, a fruit drink which became an instant success in the market.
The expansion and rehabilitation programme returned Fan Milk Plc to profitability. Fan Milk has sister companies in Ghana, Senegal, Togo, Benin, Burkina Faso and Code d'Ivoire. The headquarters of the foreign partner, Fan Milk International is situated in Aalborg, Denmark.
Fan Milk Limited is a Ghanaian dairy retailer based in Accra. It has since begun operating in Benin, Togo and Burkina Faso.They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It was incorporated in 1960 and was previously known as the Ghanaian Milk Company. It took advantage of Danish investment in the early 1960s and initially specialised in pasteurized milk. However, in 1962, the company changed its name to Fan Milk Limited, and branched out into the production of ice cream, yoghurt and ice lollies. The name has since become a household name in Ghana, and is a common sight to see ice cream carts and bicycles on beaches and the streets selling the brand.
Fan Milk Limited was the first foreign invested company in Ghana to become a Public Limited Liability in 1967 and among the first Companies to be listed on the Ghana Stock Exchange in 1990. As of 2003 it had over 3,250 shareholders.
Ownership.
As of December 31, 2003 its top shareholders are the Danish investors Fan Milk International Denmark with 7,365,955 shares (37.23%) and the Danish Industrialization Fund For Developing Countries with 4,954,420 shares (25.04%), and the Enterprise Insurance Company with 1,978,472 shares (10%).

</doc>
<doc id="19470735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470735" title="Give US Your Poor">
Give US Your Poor

Give US Your Poor is a compilation album of 19 tracks by Bruce Springsteen & Pete Seeger, Jon Bon Jovi, Madeleine Peyroux, Bonnie Raitt, and other stars, many in collaboration with currently or formerly homeless musicians on benefit CD to fight homelessness.
Two years in the making, this fundraising CD created by Appleseed Recordings and the national Give US Your Poor organization at UMass Boston brings together established musicians, socially committed actors and currently or previously homeless musicians in a collection of mostly exclusive new recordings that address the ongoing crisis of homelessness in America. There are frequent collaborations between the stars, who donated their time and music, and their formerly or currently homeless brethren on songs that often reflect on existence without guaranteed lodging, food, and the simple necessities of human existence.

</doc>
<doc id="19470740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470740" title="Palermo Fragment">
Palermo Fragment

The Palermo fragment is a 2,500 years old marble sculpture fragment of the foot and dress of the ancient Greek goddess Artemis. 
The Palermo fragment was taken by Lord Elgin from the Parthenon in the early 19th century and given to the British Consul to Sicily in 1816. For the past two centuries, the fragment has been kept at the Salinas Archaeological Museum in Palermo. Greece's 13-year campaign for the return of the fragment finally ended on September 24, 2008, when Italian President Giorgio Napolitano delivered the fragment to Athens. It is anticipated that the move will strengthen Greece's request for the British Museum to return the Elgin Marbles.

</doc>
<doc id="19470746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470746" title="The Most Interesting Man in the World">
The Most Interesting Man in the World

The Most Interesting Man in the World is a character in an advertising campaign for the Dos Equis brand of beer, produced by the marketing firm Euro RSCG for Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery. The ads feature Jonathan Goldsmith as "the world's most interesting man" and are narrated by "Frontline's" Will Lyman. Goldsmith has stated that his friend, actor Fernando Lamas, was an inspiration in creating the character. The advertisements first began appearing in the United States in 2006 and have since then become an Internet meme.
Advertisements.
The advertisements feature a bearded, debonair gentleman roughly in his 70s (portrayed by actor Jonathan Goldsmith). with "Frontline" narrator Will Lyman conducting voiceovers. The advertisements featured a montage (mostly in black and white) of daring exploits involving "the most interesting man" when he was younger.
The precise settings are never revealed, but he performs feats such as: freeing an angry bear from a painful-looking bear trap; shooting a pool trick shot before an Indian audience (by shooting the cue ball out of the mouth of a man lying on the pool table); catching a marlin while cavorting in a Hemingway-esque scene with a beautiful, young woman; winning an arm-wrestling match in a South American setting; surfing the killer wave; and bench pressing two young East Asian women in a casino setting, each woman being seated in a chair. The voice-overs themselves are intended to be both humorous and outrageous, and include humorous undertones such as his giving his own father "the talk", and experiencing an awkward moment just to know how it feels. Other feats are more centered around his physical abilities and personality. These include his small talk changing foreign policies, and parallel parking a train.
At the end of the advertisement, the most interesting man, usually shown sitting in a night club or other social setting surrounded by several young women, says, "I don't always drink beer, but when I do, I prefer Dos Equis." Each commercial ends with him stating the signature sign-off: "Stay thirsty, my friends."
There are secondary advertisements that are similar to the final part of the original advertisements. They feature the man sitting in a social setting, surrounded by young women, and conveying a short opinion to the viewer on certain subjects, such as roller skating, trophy wives, and "bromance". He then finishes the advertisement by holding a Dos Equis beer and saying "Stay thirsty, my friends".
Sales strategy and results.
The agency's rationale for the brand strategy was defined thus: "He is a man rich in stories and experiences, much the way the audience hopes to be in the future. Rather than an embodiment of the brand, The Most Interesting Man is a voluntary brand spokesperson: he and Dos Equis share a point of view on life that it should be lived interestingly." According to the company, U.S. sales increased each year between 2006-2010 and tripled in Canada in 2008, although exact figures were not provided. Sales of Dos Equis are said to have increased by 22% at a time when sale of other imported beer fell 4% in the U.S.
Goldsmith said in an interview that he realized how successful the campaign had been when a man came up to him in a restaurant, telling him that he had asked his young son what he wanted to be when he grew up, and the son replied: "I want to be The Most Interesting Man In The World." 
The Most Interesting Man in the World has also become an Internet meme, with a picture of The Most Interesting Man accompanying the phrasal template "I don't always but when I do, I [Y"

</doc>
<doc id="19470795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470795" title="1957–58 DFB-Pokal">
1957–58 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1957–58 was the 15th season of the competition. It began on 25 June 1958 and ended on 11 November 1958. 4 teams competed in the tournament of two rounds. In the final VfB Stuttgart defeated Fortuna Düsseldorf 4–3 after extra time.

</doc>
<doc id="19470803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470803" title="Integrated Risk Management Services">
Integrated Risk Management Services

Integrated Risk Management Services (I-RMS) is the trading name of a private security company Business Mobile Security Services Ltd based in Naas, Ireland. I-RMS are licensed by the Private Security Authority, the statutory body responsible for licensing and regulation of the private security industry in Ireland. It is also a member of the Transported Asset Protection Association.
Services.
I-RMS provide the following services:
Affiliates.
I-RMS has a subsidiary, I-RMS Africa Ltd., based in Nairobi, Kenya. This subsidiary formed a joint venture, KK Lodgit, with KK Security, one of Africa's largest security companies in 2008 but this came to an end with KK buying the I-RMS shareholding in December 2010. KK Security and I-RMS have no ties whatsoever.
Corrib Gas Project.
I-RMS works closely with the Garda Síochána to provide security for the various sites surrounding the landfall of the Corrib gas project pipeline at Glengad beach in Erris, County Mayo where protesters who are opposed to the pipeline route have sought to disrupt work.
Complaints have been made to the Private Security Authority that all 156 I-RMS employees working on the project do not wear correct identification. No formal action was taken, though the PSA has confirmed it was "working with" the company to ensure staff wore identification, commenting that it was the most monitored private security company in Ireland.
Many employees, including Michael Dwyer who was a team leader, worked for the company without the appropriate PSA licence.
Michael Dwyer.
I-RMS attracted considerable media attention following the revelation that a former employee, Michael Dwyer, shot dead by Bolivian police in April 2009, had worked for the firm, as a team leader, on the Shell Corrib project. Dwyer had travelled to Bolivia with four other former I-RMS employees, supposedly to join a bodyguard training course, but ended up in the armed entourage of Eduardo Rózsa-Flores, who was also shot dead by police. Rózsa-Flores was suspected of attempting to subvert the government of Evo Morales. According to La Prensa the people who travelled with Dwyer on 17 November 2008 were (Tibor) Revesz, (Gabor) Dudog and (Ivan) Pistovcak. The media has speculated that the link between Dwyer and Rózsa-Flores was former I-RMS employee Tibor Revesz. Revesz is also the founding member of the Szekler Legion, a paramilitary group that wants autonomy for Hungarians living in Romania. An unsigned posting on the Szekler Legion website last October called for people to send their CVs to a stated email address if they believed they could assist an unnamed man – now believed to be Flores – in the protection of his "homeland" Santa Cruz. Dwyer also befriended, in Ireland, another Legion member, Előd Tóásó, who was arrested in the same Bolivia Incident. The company confirmed that two of those who travelled with Dwyer resigned in late May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19470890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470890" title="Jean-Cyril Spinetta">
Jean-Cyril Spinetta

Jean-Cyril Spinetta (born 4 October 1943) is a French businessman currently chairman and CEO of the airline holding company Air France-KLM Group and chairman of the nuclear company AREVA.
Early life and formation.
Spinetta was born in the 15th arrondissement of Paris, the son of Corsican and Italian parents. He attended the Lycée Hoche in Versailles; then the Faculty of Law at the University of Paris. He was also graduated from Sciences Po ("Institute for Politics Studies"), entering after his degree at the École Nationale d'Administration ("National School of Administration") in 1972.
Career.
After several jobs in different ministries, he became the Chairman and CEO of the former airline Air Inter in 1980. In 1997, Spinetta was appointed Chairman and CEO of Air France; then of the holding company Air France-KLM Group in 2003. He was also Chairman, in 2004-2005, of the International Air Transport Association (IATA).
Spinetta is also member of the Board of Directors of Alitalia, Italy's main airline and SkyTeam member, in which Air France owns a 25% stake.
Jean-Cyril Spinetta was replaced by his COO Pierre-Henri Gourgeon on 1 January 2009, and was elevated to the post of CEO.
Spinetta retired from Air France on 1 July 2013. He bears primary responsibility for Concorde's premature retirement, in CY2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19470934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470934" title="Sturgess">
Sturgess

Sturgess is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19470936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470936" title="This Storm">
This Storm

This Storm is the second full-length album by Sonya Kitchell. 
Track Listing
1 "For Every Drop"
2 "Borderline"
3 "Running"
4 "Here To There"
5 "Walk Away"
6 "Fire"
7 "Soldier's Lament"
8 "Robin In The Snow"
9 "Who Knows After All"
10 "Effortless"
11 "So Lonely"
12 "This Storm"

</doc>
<doc id="19470945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470945" title="Tanéné, Boké">
Tanéné, Boké

Tanéné is a sub-prefecture in the Boké Prefecture in the Boké Region, and a village, in Guinea Maritime between Boffa, Fria, and Conakry (Guinea). It is a "crossroads village" built around the gas station located just after the metal bridge on the river Konkouré. There are about 3000 inhabitants. The village has been growing rapidly since the construction of a bridge on the Fatala (also known as Rio Pongo downstream) in Boffa. For instance, the population of Guémèyiré on the right bank of the Rio Pongo has mainly moved to Tanéné. The economy is focused on small business generated by passengers swapping taxis.

</doc>
<doc id="19470961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470961" title="PureXML">
PureXML

pureXML is the native XML storage feature in the IBM DB2 data server. pureXML provides query languages, storage technologies, indexing technologies, and other features to support XML data. The word "pure" in pureXML was chosen to indicate that DB2 natively stores and natively processes XML data in its inherent hierarchical structure, as opposed to treating XML data as plain text or converting it into a relational format.
Technical information.
DB2 includes two distinct storage mechanisms: one for efficiently managing traditional SQL data types, and another for managing XML data. The underlying storage mechanism is transparent to users and applications; they simply use SQL (including SQL with XML extensions or SQL/XML) or XQuery to work with the data.
XML data is stored in columns of DB2 tables that have the XML data type. XML data is stored in a parsed format that reflects the hierarchical nature of the original XML data. As such, pureXML uses trees and nodes as its model for storing and processing XML data. If you instruct DB2 to validate XML data against an XML schema prior to storage, DB2 annotates all nodes in the XML hierarchy with information about the schema types; otherwise, it will annotate the nodes with default type information. Upon storage, DB2 preserves the internal structure of XML data, converting its tag names and other information into integer values. Doing so helps conserve disk space and also improves the performance of queries that use navigational expressions. However, users aren't aware of this internal representation. Finally, DB2 automatically splits XML nodes across multiple database pages, as needed.
XML schemas specify which XML elements are valid, in what order these elements should appear in XML data, which XML data types are associated with each element, and so on. pureXML allows you to validate the cells in a column of XML data against no schema, one schema, or multiple schemas. pureXML also provides tools to support evolving XML schemas.
IBM has enhanced its programming language interfaces to support access to its XML data. These enhancements span Java (JDBC), C (embedded SQL and call-level interface), COBOL (embedded SQL), PHP, and Microsoft's .NET Framework (through the DB2.NET provider).
History.
pureXML was first included in the DB2 9 for Linux, Unix, and Microsoft Windows release, which was codenamed Viper, in June 2006. It was available on DB2 9 for z/OS in March 2007. In October 2007, IBM released DB2 9.5 with improved XML data transaction performance and improved storage savings. In June 2009, IBM released DB2 9.7 with XML supported for database-partitioned, range-partitioned, and multi-dimensionally clustered tables as well as compression of XML data and indices.
Competition.
DB2 is a hybrid data server—it offers data management for traditional relational data, as well as providing native XML data management. Other vendors that offer data management for both relational data and native XML storage include Oracle with its 11g product and Microsoft with its SQL Server product.
pureXML also competes with native XML databases like BaseX, eXist, MarkLogic or Sedna.
User groups.
The International DB2 Users Group (IDUG) is an independent, not-for-profit association of IT professionals who use IBM DB2. IDUG provides education, technical resources, peer networking opportunities, online resources and other programs for DB2 users.
Books.
IBM International Technical Support Organization (ITSO) has published the following books, which are available in print or as free e-books:
The following books are also available for purchase:
Education and training.
The following pureXML classroom and online courses are available from IBM Education:
External links.
Online communities.
Online communities allow pureXML users to network with fellow professionals.

</doc>
<doc id="19470975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19470975" title="Superpower steam">
Superpower steam

"Superpower steam" was a term coined by Lima Locomotive Works in the mid-1920s. It referred to steam locomotives with booster-equipped four-wheel trailing trucks supporting large fireboxes, as well as enlarged superheaters. The wheel arrangements introduced in the 1920s for these locomotives included the 4-6-4, 2-8-4, 4-8-4 and 2-10-4, and in the 1930s, the 2-6-6-4. The term "superpower" was often applied to all engines of these wheel arrangements afterward, though many did not have boosters and almost all steam of any wheel arrangement built after that time had large superheaters.

</doc>
<doc id="19471007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471007" title="Näcken-class submarine">
Näcken-class submarine

The "Näcken"-class submarines, also known as the A14 type, were built for the Swedish Navy in the late 1970s. The boats were authorised in 1972 and the programme was completed in 1981. All boats were built by Kockums in Karlskrona. The boats had a teardrop hull and diving depth was 150m. Between 1987 and 1988 the "Näcken" was converted to Air Independent Propulsion (AIP) using a closed cycle Stirling engine. This technology increased underwater endurance to 14 days and has been adopted in subsequent Swedish submarines.
By the early 2000s the class was decommissioned from the Swedish navy. The HMS Näcken was temporary leased to the Danish navy but was returned in 2005. As of 2011 the three submarines are laid up at the Karlskrona naval base.

</doc>
<doc id="19471014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471014" title="Brigidine College, Indooroopilly">
Brigidine College, Indooroopilly

Brigidine College is an independent Roman Catholic day school for girls, located in the suburb of Indooroopilly in Brisbane, Australia. It was established in 1929 by the Congregation of the Sisters of Saint Brigid and continues to be an order-owned school.
It is affiliated with the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia (AHISA), the Alliance of Girls' Schools Australasia (AGSA) and the Brisbane Schoolgirls Sporting Association (BSGSA). Brigidine College has sister schools in St Ives and Randwick.
History.
The College was founded by the Brigidine Sisters in 1929. The school motto - "Fortiter et Suaviter" (translated as Strength and Gentleness), is reflected in every aspect of the school's activities and policies.
House system.
There are five houses at Brigidine College, they are named after influential Roman Catholics:
Each house is led by two House Captains, who are also known as Prefects. The houses compete against each other in events such as Athletics, Cross Country, Swimming, a Celebration Day dance and Debating.
Uniform.
The school day uniform consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="19471057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471057" title="Petrol stations in India">
Petrol stations in India

India has approx 45,000 petrol stations as of March 2012. Almost 16,000 of these belong to Indian Oil (IOCL), 5,000 each to Bharat Petroleum (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum (HPCL). IOCL has more numbers of Petrol Stations than whole of Canada or UK. The Punjab state of India has approx 700 number of Petrol Stations or Retail Outlets as discussed in official language. The state of Haryana has more than 500 Petrol Stations alone. A lot of Auto LPG Stations and CNG stations have been planned due to high crude prices.
M/s Reliance Industries Ltd, M/s Essar Oil /Essar Retail, M/s Shell India and M/s ONGC have also opened Petrol Stations in India. The Oil stations opened by M/s Reliance and M/s Essar Oil have been closed on date because of wide Price differential between the fuelcost at state run companies stations and the privately owned stations. Shell currently has 74 petrol stations in India.
Essar has 1278 petrol stations in India which are supplied with petrol and diesel from its refinery in Vadinar, Gujarat.
M/s Indraprastha Gas Limited has started exclusive CNG fuel stations in India particularly in Delhi, capital city of India. In recent years, state oil marketing companies have started rural petrol stations which are established in the interior villages,are meant to help the agriculturists and are constructed with minimum of investments. These stations sell Pesticides, seeds, Lanterns etc. which are the specific requirements of the Farmers besides Petrol and Diesel.
The details of the Petrol Stations owned by various companies in different states of India are as given below (As on 30 September 2008) : 

</doc>
<doc id="19471069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471069" title="Petr Hájek">
Petr Hájek

Petr Hájek (born 6 February 1940 in Prague; ) is a Czech scientist in the area of mathematical logic and a professor of mathematics. He works at the Institute of Computer Science at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic and worked as a lecturer at the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics at the Charles University in Prague and at the Faculty of Nuclear Sciences and Physical Engineering of the Czech Technical University in Prague, now just at the last one.
Petr Hájek studied at the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics of the Charles University in Prague and afterwards at the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague as well. He specialized in set theory, arithmetic, later also in logic and artificial intelligence. He contributed to establishing the mathematical fundamentals of fuzzy logic. During the communist rule in Czechoslovakia he refused to cooperate with the State Security. Following the Velvet Revolution he was appointed a senior lecturer (1993), and a professor (1997). From 1992 to 2000 he held the position of chairman of the Institute of Computer Science at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic. From 1996 to 2003 he was also president of the Kurt Gödel Society. In 2006, he was awarded the Medal for Merits in the area of sciences by President of the Czech Republic Václav Klaus.

</doc>
<doc id="19471072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471072" title="Lavenham railway station">
Lavenham railway station

Lavenham railway station was a station in Lavenham, Suffolk, on the Long Melford–Bury St Edmunds branch line. It closed to passengers in 1961, and the station buildings remained in use as offices until about 2010, when they demolished. 

</doc>
<doc id="19471080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471080" title="Diocese of Bitonto">
Diocese of Bitonto

The Italian Catholic diocese of Bitonto, in Apulia, had a short independent existence from 1982 to 1986. In the latter year it was united into the Archdiocese of Bari, forming the Archdiocese of Bari-Bitonto. Before 1982 it was united into the diocese of Ruvo e Bitonto, a combination that existed from 1818.
History.
Bishop Anderano (about 734) belonged either to Bitonto or the diocese of Bisignano; Arnolfo (1087) was the first undoubted Bishop of Bitonto. Other bishops include:

</doc>
<doc id="19471107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471107" title="Harry Hippie">
Harry Hippie

"Harry Hippie" is a 1972 song written by Jim Ford, who wrote it for singer Bobby Womack as a dedication to his brother, bass guitarist Harry Womack, that became a top ten R&B hit for Womack when issued as a single in 1973 reaching number eight on the chart.
The song was loosely based on Bobby's brother's carefree behavior and was originally recorded as a funny tribute to his brother, that turned tragic when Harry Womack was killed by his girlfriend during a fight in 1974. Ever since, Bobby Womack has sung the song as a dedication to his fallen late brother.
Womack explains the story behind the song and its aftermath:
The song became Womack's second top forty hit on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number thirty-one on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19471113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471113" title="HMS Alban">
HMS Alban

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Alban". Another was planned but never completed:

</doc>
<doc id="19471116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471116" title="Love Man">
Love Man

Love Man is the fourth posthumous album by American soul recording artist Otis Redding. It was released in June 1969 and featured songs Redding had recorded in 1967. The album was produced by Steve Cropper, and featured Booker T. and the M.G.'s.
The album was a part of a series of posthumous releases by Atco Records after Redding's mainstream reputation skyrocketed in the wake of his 1967 death. "Love Man" charted at number 46 on the "Billboard" 200 and number 8 on the R&B Albums.
Songs.
"Direct Me" has pop and gospel elements and a heavy tambourine-laden arrangement. On "I'm a Changed Man", Redding employed scat singing. The album's title track has a mid-tempo funk groove and lyrical references to the hippie culture that had begun to appreciate Redding at the time. The song charted at number 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 17 on the R&B Singles. "A Lover's Question" peaked at number 48 and number 20, respectively, and "Free Me" reached number 30 on the R&B Singles chart. 
Critical reception.
In a contemporary review, Robert Christgau of "The Village Voice" said that, although its "tender passages" are not on-par with Redding's best work, "Love Man" is his "best LP since "Immortal"." Ed Leimbacher of "Rolling Stone" magazine wrote that the album has "several of his very strongest performances on record" and praised the "loose imagination and tight style" of the M.G.'s backing group. Leimbacher hailed Redding as a "musical genius" and called "Direct Me" "one of the best Memphis soul cuts of all time".
In a review upon its 1992 reissue, Ira Robbins of "Entertainment Weekly" said that "Love Man" has "substantial songs soaked in instrumental spirit and topped off with Redding's emotion-packed vocals." "Q" magazine wrote that it "showcases Redding at his up-tempo frantic and frenetic best". By contrast, Allmusic's Mark Deming felt that the album is "flawed" because of material that is weaker than his previous albums, even though it has "Redding's indefatigable energy and conviction as a vocalist and the ever-indomitable groove of Steve Cropper, Al Jackson, Jr., and the other members of the Stax Records studio crew." Matthew Greenwald of Allmusic said that, apart from "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay", the album's title track was "one of Otis Redding's finest and most commercial sides that he cut at the end of his brief career."
Personnel.
Credits adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19471130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471130" title="List of number-one singles of 1984 (Canada)">
List of number-one singles of 1984 (Canada)

This is a list of the weekly Canadian "RPM" magazine number one Top Singles chart of 1984.
References.
§ - "RPM" did not publish a 29 December issue.

</doc>
<doc id="19471132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471132" title="Cockfield railway station">
Cockfield railway station

Cockfield railway station was a station in Cockfield, Suffolk on the Long Melford-Bury St Edmunds branch line.
The station building still stands, but is in a semi-derelict state.

</doc>
<doc id="19471151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471151" title="Souperism">
Souperism

Souperism was a phenomenon of the Irish Potato Famine. Non-Roman Catholic Bible societies set up schools in which starving children were fed, and were subjected to religious instruction at the same time. Its practitioners were reviled by the Catholic families who had to choose between their faith and starvation. People who converted for food were known as soupers, a derogatory epithet that continued to be applied and featured in the press well into the 1870s. In the words of their peers: they "took the soup".
History.
One example of souperism was the Reverend Edward Nagle, who instituted 34 schools where religious instruction and meals were provided. However, souperism was rarely that simple, and not all non-Catholics made being subject to proselytisation a condition of food aid. Several Anglicans, including the Anglican Archbishop of Dublin, Richard Whately, decried the practice; many Anglicans set up soup kitchens that did no proselytising; and the Quakers, whose soup kitchens were concerned solely with charitable work, were never associated with the practice (which causes them to be held in high regard in Ireland even today, with many Irish remembering the Quakers with the remark "They fed us in the famine.").
Souperist practices, reported at the time, included serving meat soups on Fridays – which Catholics were forbidden by their faith from consuming.
Soupers were frequently ostracised by their own community, and were strongly denounced from the pulpit by the Catholic priesthood. On occasion, soupers had to be protected by British soldiers from other Catholics.
Post-Famine.
The idea of Souperism has become a leitmotif of fiction written about the Famine, and folklore and Irish literature are replete with depictions of souperism. This may have served to exaggerate the extent that it actually occurred. Both Bowen and Whelan (listed in Further reading) note that the "fear" of souperism was very real, and state that the practice did indeed occur. But they point out that there is very little actual evidence that the practice was widespread. Whelan states that, given the highly charged atmosphere of the 1840s, contemporary accounts cannot be taken at face value. Much of what surrounds the story of souperism is its "perception", rather than its reality. The popular myth that the few souperists engendered has largely eclipsed the impartial philanthropic aid that was given by genuinely altruistic organisations at the time.
One of the effects of the perceptions surrounding Souperism was that, to avoid its stigma and avoid becoming embroiled in the war of words between Protestants and Catholics, many charities decided to only serve those whose religious persuasions matched their own. For examples: In Dublin, Mercer's Endowed Boarding School for Girls provided education for "girls of respectable Protestant parents", and the Magdalen Asylum on Lower Leeson St aided "Protestant women after a first fall" and "those who were to become mothers"; whereas the St Joseph's Reformatory School for Catholic Girls provided education for Catholic girls and the Catholic Rotunda Girls Aid Society aided unmarried Catholic mothers. Barret, whose "Guide to Dublin Charities" listed many overlapping charities, decried the "wasteful overlapping of work" and begged such charities to work together, to improve the overall amount of aid that could be given. (Williams, publisher of "Dublin Charities: A Handbook", expressed similar sentiments about the state of disorganisation.) However, she herself ran a charity, Cottage Home for Little Children, aimed at providing shelter for "the very young children of the industrious Protestant poor". The reasons for the disorganised and duplicated efforts were not solely sectarian, and can also be attributed to a general unwillingness amongst charities to co-operate with one another.
The term has had a resurgence as a derogatory political epithet in New England politics. It has been used for Republican politicians from Irish-Catholic backgrounds who cite their Irish Catholic heritage to connect with the many Roman Catholic conservative voters while neglecting to mention that they have left the Church for Protestant churches.

</doc>
<doc id="19471168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471168" title="St Augustine's Abbey (disambiguation)">
St Augustine's Abbey (disambiguation)

St Augustine's Abbey is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Canterbury.
St Augustine's Abbey may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19471171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471171" title="1999 ERA Real Estate Clay Court Championships – Singles">
1999 ERA Real Estate Clay Court Championships – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19471180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471180" title="Steven Kleinman">
Steven Kleinman

Steven Kleinman is a career military intelligence officer and a recognized expert in the fields of human intelligence, strategic interrogation, special operations, and special survival training.
He has been widely recognized as one of the most effective and prolific interrogators in the Department of Defense. Kleinman served as an interrogator, the chief of a joint interrogation team, and as a senior advisor on interrogation to a special operations task force during Operations Just Cause, Desert Shield/Storm, and Iraqi Freedom, respectively. He was formerly the Director of the Air Force Combat Interrogation Course.
Kleinman also served as the Director of Intelligence at the Personnel Recovery Academy, a unit of the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency that serves as Department of Defense agency responsible for overseeing Survival, Evasion, Resistance, and Escape (SERE) training for U.S. military personnel.
In 2003, he was chosen to lead a contingent of interrogation and resistance to interrogation advisors to assist a task force involved in the questioning of Iraqi insurgents. What he did not know until his arrival in country was that he would be witnessing the systematic employment of a coercive interrogation strategy that formerly had only been used in the SERE program to train U.S. military personnel to resist interrogation. These methods had been routinely used by Soviet and Chinese interrogators during the Cold War to compel prisoners to produce propaganda. A Senate Armed Services report released in 2008 cited then Lieutenant Colonel Kleinman as the only officer who took action to stop the use of these techniques.
Kleinman was one of the first experienced interrogators, and the first military officer, to offer a strong public case against the use of coercive interrogation practices. Carefully avoiding the politics surrounding this issue, he offered a systematic argument—based on moral, legal, and operational considerations—that torture had no place in American intelligence doctrine.
Kleinman testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee of the United States Senate about the use of interrogation techniques which exceeded those allowed by law. He specifically cited the employment of harsh interrogation methods that were previously reserved for use in programs designed to train U.S. military personnel to resist interrogation if held by countries that were not signatories to the Geneva Convention. Those techniques, to include forced nudity, sleep deprivation, and painful shackling, were being used on Iraqi detainees. "It had morphed into a form of punishment for those who wouldn't cooperate," he told the Senate panel. Discovering the use of such measures in Iraq in 2003 prompted him to order a stop to such interrogations and to warn his superiors that these interrogation practices were abusive and, in his opinion, illegal.
Kleinman was a senior advisor for a major study into interrogation commissioned by the Intelligence Science Board, a research entity under the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and wrote two of the chapters that appeared in the study's final report. The findings set forth in this report described the harsh interrogation techniques used again detainees since 9/11 as "outmoded, amateurish, and unreliable.
A colonel in the Air Force reserve, Kleinman has observed that while the U.S. Government has spent billions on spy satellites, very little has been invested in a formal study of the art and science of interrogation. This, he has noted, is in spite of the fact that there is a broad consensus that interrogation might be the best source of information on an elusive, low-tech, stateless foe like Al Qaeda.
On November 8, 2007 Kleinman testified before the Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Constitution, Civil Rights, and Civil Liberties of the US House of Representatives:
In July 2013, Colonel Kleinman was awarded the 2013 "Practitioner Excellence" award by the International Investigative Interviewing Research Group (iIIRG) during that organization's conference held in Maastricht, the Netherlands. This award recognized both his "outstanding achievements to the area of ethical investigative interviewing" and his emphatic public stance against torture and coercion.

</doc>
<doc id="19471182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471182" title="Abulhasan">
Abulhasan

Abulhasan, Abolhasan, Abu al-Hasan, etc. may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19471209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471209" title="Paul Carrington">
Paul Carrington

Paul Carrington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19471232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471232" title="Wybrzeże Gdańsk">
Wybrzeże Gdańsk

Gdański Klub Sportowy "Wybrzeże" ("Gdańsk Sport Club "Wybrzeże"") is a Polish motorcycle speedway team based in Gdańsk who race in the Extraleague (1st Division).
Stadium.
The Speedway Stadium is located on "ulica Długie Ogrody". It contains 15,000 seats and the track is long with a granite surface. The track record of 61.28 seconds was made by Darcy Ward on 21 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19471234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471234" title="Hyrba">
Hyrba

Hyrba, a Median city, was one of only a few large Median cities known to exist. Probably built before the beginning of Median accession to power, it was likely a royal city of the kings. Even though it has not been found to this day, it is still considered to have existed. Hyrba appears as a Persian town on the borders of Media in a fragment of Nicolaus of Damascus. Though in Nicolaus's account he comments on its location being in Media, therefore it is still considered a mystery. 
Ongoing research into its exact location has not proven any verifiable results. Historians consider Hyrba like other lost Median cities, which it is impossible to locate unless by the merest conjecture. The first battle known to have taken place there was the first battle between Media and Persia and was fought between Harpagus and Cyrus the Great. According to Ctesias, Cyrus defeated the Median forces near the town of Hyrba (the location of which remains unknown). Therefore it can be said that it was an important city near the frontier towns between Media and Persia, though on which side it is unknown, but likely in the Median province.

</doc>
<doc id="19471242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471242" title="Mario Rosas">
Mario Rosas

Mario Alberto Rosas Montero (born 22 May 1980 in Málaga, Andalusia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Eldense as an attacking midfielder.
An unsuccessful youth graduate at Barcelona he went on to appear in 308 Segunda División games over the course of 12 seasons, in representation of five teams, namely Castellón.
Football career.
Another product of FC Barcelona's prolific youth system, "La Masia", Rosas quickly excelled at its B-squad, making his first team debut on 15 May 1998 in a 1–4 home loss for the already crowned champions against UD Salamanca, in what would be his only La Liga appearance for the Catalans.
Released by "Barça" in 2000 Rosas joined another team in the top level, Deportivo Alavés, but failed to appear regularly, being also loaned to second division's Salamanca in his second season. His career would be highly irregular in the following years, having seasons with less than five games – CD Numancia, Cádiz CF, both in level two – and also playing with Girona FC in the third level, with relegation.
Rosas then joined another club in division two, CD Castellón, in 2005–06. After a slow first year he became an undisputed starter, adding 16 league goals in the following three combined. On 7 September 2008 he scored twice – one from a penalty kick, one of his specialties – in a 2–0 home win against Celta de Vigo.
In early August 2010, after Murcia's relegation, 30-year-old Rosas joined former side Salamanca, penning a two-year contract. After meeting the same fate with the Castile and León club, he rescinded his link and moved abroad for the first time in his career, signing for FK Khazar Lankaran in Azerbaijan.
On 5 December 2012 Hércules CF hired both Rosas and Pablo Redondo, who were free agents.

</doc>
<doc id="19471245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471245" title="Vienna Literary Agreement">
Vienna Literary Agreement

Vienna Literary Agreement is a designation of a meeting held in March 1850, when writers from Croatia, Serbia and one from Slovenia met to discuss the extent to which their literatures could be conjoined and united.
Historical context.
The first half of 19th century proved to be a turning point in Illyrian language conceptions. By that time, Illyrians held individual debates with their opponents, and Zagreb, as the center of Croatian cultural and literary life, served as a stronghold for their implementation and propagation. However, by that time some of the Illyrians came to realize the infeasibility of the Illyrian conceptions of language and literary unification of all South Slavs, realizing that the only real option left would be the creation of common literary language for Croats and Serbs, which have in common both Štokavian dialect and Ijekavian accent.
The agreement.
In March 1850 the meeting was organized and was attended by self-taught Serbian linguist and folklorist Vuk Stefanović Karadžić, his close follower Đuro Daničić, the most eminent Slavist of the period - Slovenian Franc Miklošič, and Croatians were represented by Ivan Kukuljević Sakcinski, Dimitrije Demeter, Ivan Mažuranić, Vinko Pacel, and Stjepan Pejaković.
General guidelines for the conceived development of the common literary language for Croats and Serbs were agreed on, which were in accordance with basic Karadžić's language and orthographic premises, and that partly corresponded to those fundamental Croatian Neoštokavian pre-Illyrian literary language which Illyrian language conception suppressed at the expense of South-Slavic commonness.
The signees agreed in five points:
During the second half of the 19th century these conclusions were called in the public as "declaration" ("objava") or "statement" ("izjava"). The title "Vienna Literary Agreement" (/Бечки књижевни договор) dates from the 20th century.
Implications and influence.
The Vienna Literary Agreement was variously interpreted and referred to throughout the history of Croats, Slovens and Serbs. During the history of the Yugoslavias, especially the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the official doctrine was that the agreement set firm grounds for the final codification of Croatian language and Serbian language that soon followed. With the advent of national standard languages; Bosnian language, Croatian language and Serbian language in the 1990s, criticism emerged on the relevance of the agreement.
For example, according to , the event had no critical influence for the Croatian cultural milieu, but has "managed to indicate developmental tendencies that in the formation of Croatian literary language which won by the end of the century". Malić argues that it was only during the 20th century, in the framework of "unitarist language conceptions and language policy", that the meeting has been given critical influence for the formation of common Croatian literary language and Serbian literary language.
Since the agreement was not officially organized, no one was bound by it, and was thus not initially accepted neither by Croatian nor by Serbian press. Croatia still had very live Illyrian language conception, and conservative Serbian cultural milieu was not ready to accept Karadžić's views of folk language of being literary. It was only in 1868 that his reform was accepted in Serbia, and not to the complete extent (Ekavian accent was accepted as standard, rather than Ijekavian), and urban colloquial speech was silently given great influence to form standard language.

</doc>
<doc id="19471259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471259" title="Tambien romantica">
Tambien romantica

Tambien Romantica is the seventh album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1983. The song "Juntos" is from "Verónica: El rostro del amor" a Telenovela Verónica Castro starred in and was made in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19471286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471286" title="Apeldoorn railway station">
Apeldoorn railway station

Apeldoorn is a railway station, located in the municipality of Apeldoorn, Netherlands. The station was opened on 15 May 1876, on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway. It was opened when the Amersfoort to Zutphen section was completed. Journey time to Amsterdam is about 1 hour 10 minutes
Station building.
The Apeldoorn station building is not related to any of the standard stations, but it has similarities with stations built in that period. It consists of an upper middle portion with two lower short side wings. The station building was saved in connection with a massive refurbishment of the station from 2004 to 2008.
The refurbishment included, closure of the level crossings at and near the station where passengers and cyclists would pass to get to Apeldoorn Zuid and opening of a new cycle tunnel under the station, railway and the adjacent road. The front square of the station was renewed in conjunction with this. There are also lifts to go up to the platforms.
In 1887 there were local lines from Apeldoorn in three directions:
Train services.
The following services call at Apeldoorn:
From 9 December 2012 Arriva will operate the train between Apeldoorn and Zutphen and Apeldoorn will no longer have a direct connection with Rotterdam on weekdays; a change of trains is required in Amersfoort or Utrecht.
Bus services.
There is a large bus station next to the station. From here town and regional bus services operate. These buses are operated by Syntus, with certain journeys on service 43 operated by Breng. All bus services are frequent and connect with train services.

</doc>
<doc id="19471298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471298" title="Robert Moses' Kin">
Robert Moses' Kin

Robert Moses' Kin (also known as RMK Dance Company) is an American dance company known for artistic and choreographic innovation. It is founded in the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California in 1995.
Founder.
Robert Moses. Artistic Director - Choreographer Robert Moses founded Robert Moses' Kin in 1995 and since then has created numerous works of varying styles and genres for his highly praised dance company. Robert Moses creates dances that speak to our times: His work is a powerful combination of athletic technique, rhythmic complexity, a fusion of different dance styles, and gestural detail. He explores topics ranging from oral history in African American culture to the life and work of author James Baldwin, the isolation found in new love to the dark side of contemporary urban culture, and the simple joyous expressions of pure movement. Moses and his company have been honored with many prestigious grants, awards and fellowships, including three project awards from the National Endowment for the Arts, an Irvine Dancemakers grant, the Bonnie Bird North American Choreography Award and three Isadora Duncan Dance Awards. Moses’ work has been commissioned and performed internationally by such companies as Philadanco, Cincinnati Ballet, Transitions Dance Company of the Laban Center in London, African Cultural Exchange and Bare Bones Dance Company in Birmingham, England, and Oakland Ballet, among others. His work has been performed nationally and internationally, including England, Italy and Ireland. Moses was recently appointed Artist-in-Residence and Director of the Committee on Black Performing Arts at Stanford University, where he has been a lecturer and curator of dance programming since 1995. A highly regarded master teacher, he has taught on campuses and at festivals throughout the United States, including Bates Dance Festival, Colorado Dance Festival, UC Berkeley, UC Davis, University of Texas, University of Nevada, and others. Moses has been invited to give workshops internationally, most recently for artists of African descent with State of Emergency Limited in the United Kingdom. He has held residencies at ODC Theater and in the San Francisco public schools as part of the San Francisco Arts in Education Foundation Artist-in-Residence Program, and was a Duke/Wattis Artist-in-Residence at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center for the Arts. He has performed with his company at many nationally esteemed venues such as Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival, Colorado Dance Festival, and the Bates Dance Festival. He has choreographed for film, theater and opera, including most recently the San Francisco Opera’s world premiere production of The Force of Destiny. Additional credits include major productions for the Lorraine Hansberry Theater, New Conservatory Theater, Los Angeles Prime Moves Festival (L.A.C.E.), Olympic Arts Festival, and Black Choreographers Moving Toward the 21st Century. Moses has collaborated with many notable artists, such as Julia Adam, Margaret Jenkins, Alonzo King, Sara Shelton Mann, SoVoSo, Marcus Shelby, Keith Terry, Frank Boehm, Will Power, Somei Yoshino Taiko Ensemble, David Worm, and Youth Speaks.
Before starting his own dance company, Robert Moses, the founder of the company, danced for many institutions like Twyla Tharp Dance, ODC/San Francisco, Long Beach Ballet, Walt Disney World Productions, and Gloria Newman Dance. Moses also works as faculty member at Stanford Dance Center. He is also a guest teacher at many other schools and universities in bay area. He also composed dance for films and theaters like the Lorraine Hansberry Theater, New Conservatory Theater, Los Angeles Prime Moves Festival, Olympic Arts Festival, and Black Choreographers Moving Toward the 21st Century.
Style.
Robert Moses’ Kin is a nationally renowned dance company, recognized for its artistic excellence and choreographic innovation. In collaboration with important dance, music, poetry, and visual artists, Robert Moses Kin (RMK) is dedicated to moving forward the forms of dance and performance. Its mission is to produce work that speaks to what is specific and unique in human nature. Robert Moses’ Kin uses movement as the medium through which race, class, culture and gender are used to voice the existence of our greater potential and unfulfilled possibilities.
The company performances are combination of athletic techniques, rhythmic complexity and gestural details. They are fusion of different styles and genres like jazz, light hip hop, gospel music and balletic movements. The company explores the issues of race, gender, class and other social topics like biographies.
Performances.
Major Works and Commissions:
2009 Wasteland Production, Stanford University
2008 Reignforest, premiered at Lincoln Center, Fort Collins, CA
2008 Towards September, premiered at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts
2008 Approaching Thought, Rose/Hush, and Consent premiered at Kanbar Hall, Jewish Community Center, San Francisco
2007 Untitled, San Francisco International Arts Festival, Dance Mission Theatre, San Francisco
2007 Jokes Like That Can Get You Killed, premiered at Stanford Lively Arts
2007 Lucifer’s Prance, Doscongio, and Speaking Ill of the Dead, presented at Dance New Amsterdam
2006 Cause, presented at Fall for Dance Festival, New York City Center
2006 Draft, premiered at ODC Theatre, San Francisco
2006 Doscongio, presented at Jacob’s Pillow Dance Festival
2006 The Lost Parade, premiered at Kanbar Hall, Jewish Community Center of San Francisco
2006 Speaking Ill of the Dead, premiered at Kanbar Hall, Jewish Community Center of San Francisco
2005 President’s Daughter, premiered at Kanbar Hall, Jewish Community Center of San Francisco
2005 The Force of Destiny, commissioned choreography for presentation at San Francisco Opera
2005 Woman Spelled Like This, commissioned by African Cultural Exchange in Birmingham, UK
2004 Cause, collaboration with Youth Speaks; premiered at Youth Speaks Living Word Festival, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco; Jonathan Norton, composer; Marc Bamuthi Joseph, dramaturg
2004 other gods, premiered at Kanbar Hall, Jewish Community Center of San Francisco 
2003 Biography, with sound excerpts from 1961 discussion with James Baldwin, Lorraine Hansberry, Langston Hughes, Emile Capouya, and Alfred Kazin; premiered at Cowell Theater, San Francisco
2003 The Soft Sweet Smell of Firm Warm Things, with composer Jonathan Norton; premiered at 
Cowell Theater, San Francisco
2003 Misconsumption, commissioned and performed by Bare Bones Dance Company, Birmingham, UK
2002 Word of Mouth, with media designer Austin Forbord; premiered at Cowell Theatre, San Francisco
2002 Unión Fraternal, commission to set work on Cincinnati Ballet, Cincinnati, OH
2001 Unión Fraternal, collaboration with Oakland Ballet and composer John Santos; premiered at Paramount Theatre, Oakland
2001 Babble, commissioned by Transitions Dance Company, London, UK
2001 Dirt Roads and Back Doors, premiered at Cowell and Gershwin Theaters, San Francisco
2001 3 Quartets for 4 and the Second is Two, premiered at Cowell and Gershwin Theaters, San Francisco
2000 Lone, created as Artist-in-Residence at ODC/San Francisco, premiered at ODC
2000 Lucifer’s Prance, premiered at Cowell and Gershwin Theaters, San Francisco
2000 Untitled Collaboration 2000, collaborative work with choreographers Sara Shelton Mann and Robert Henry Johnson, musicians Marcus Shelby and Kelly Takunda Orphan, and the Somei Yoshino Taiko ensemble; premiered at Cowell Theater, San Francisco
1999 Ethel May Marshall, major collaboration of solo works created with choreographers Alonzo King, Margaret Jenkins, Sara Shelton Mann, and K.T. Nelson; premiered at Theater Artaud, San Francisco
1999 Buffalo Avenue and Laugh to Keep From Crying, major works created as part of the 
Duke/Wattis Residency at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco
1999 Mischief, commissioned by Lawrence Pech Dance Company; premiered at Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco
1998 Glass; premiered at Theater Artaud, San Francisco
1998 X Weight, commission by Mills Repertory Dance, Oakland
1997 This State of Annihilation; premiered at Brady Street Dance Centre, San Francisco
1997 Servant of the People, choreography for major theater work; Lorraine Hansberry Theater, San Francisco
1996 Crossfire, commission by Savage Jazz Dance Company, San Francisco
1996 Homer G and the Rhapsodies, choreography for major theater work; Lorraine Hansberry Theater, San Francisco
1995 Any Space Between Shadows, evening-length work created in collaboration with the Bay View Opera House Youth Theater and Music Program; premiered at Theater Artaud, San Francisco
Awards.
PROFESSIONAL HONORS, AWARDS, AND GRANTS
• Stanford Institute for Creativity and Arts (2007, 2010)
• Community Foundation of Santa Cruz - (2010)
• Creative Capacity Fund - $500 (2009)
• California Arts Council- (2010); (2009); added to CAC touring roster (2004–2005, 2005–2006); (2002)
• Jamison Foundation (2006)
• The LEF Foundation - (2006)
• San Francisco Arts Commission –Cultural Equity Initiative grant; top award amount and one of only three grantees; awarded for Robert Moses’ Kin administration (2005)
• William and Flora Hewlett Foundation - awarded for Robert Moses’ Kin administration (2005); (2007–2009); (2010–2011)
• Zellerbach Family/Wallace Alexander Gerbode/Hewlett Foundations - (2009); (2006); (2005); (2004); (2002); awarded for development of new work
• Wallace Alexander Gerbode Foundation - (2005)
• Princess Grace Award – administering award for choreographer Alex Ketley (2005)
• Choreographers’ Institute invitee to national award program (2005)
• New England Foundation for the Arts - National Dance Project Production Grant (2005)
• National Endowment for the Arts; five-time grantee funded as first time applicant (2002–2004; 2008, 2009); awarded for development of new work
• Alpert Awards in Arts nominee; multiple nominations for annual fellowship (2002–2009)
• James Irvine Foundation - Irvine Dance: Creation to Performance award, two-time grantee (2001, 2004); (2009–2010)
• Choreographers in Mentorship Exchange (CHIME) mentor/grantee - (2004)
• Proclamation from the Honorable Willie E. Brown, Mayor of San Francisco of “Robert Moses Day” (2003)
• Bonnie Bird North American Choreography Award (2001)
• Wallace Alexander Gerbode Foundation Choreography Award - (inaugural year – 2000)
• San Francisco Arts Commission – Organization Project Grant; four-time grantee (2000, 2003, 2004, 2005–2007)
• San Francisco Arts Commission Individual Artists Commission - (1995)
• California Arts Council; twice awarded multi-year grants (1999–2002), plus Visibility Award (2002)
• San Francisco Hotel Tax Fund/Grants for the Arts (2002–present)
• Zellerbach Family Foundation – (annual grantee since 2000) 
• Bernard Osher Foundation - (2003), (2004)
• Fleishhacker Foundation - (2002); (2003); (2004); (2005–2006); (2009)
• San Francisco Foundation; three-time grantee (2003, 2005, 2007)
• Isadora Duncan Dance Awards; three-time winner; (2004) - Outstanding Achievement in Choreography; (2001) – Company Performances; (1999) - Best Ensemble Performance
• Orange Coast College Alumni Hall of Fame (2000)
• SF Weekly Black Box Award for Choreography (1998)
• SF Bay Guardian Goldie Award in Dance (1998)
• National Arts Marketing Project participant (2002) 

</doc>
<doc id="19471318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471318" title="Charles Pelham, Lord Worsley">
Charles Pelham, Lord Worsley

Charles Sackville Pelham, Lord Worsley (14 August 1887 – 30 October 1914) was a British soldier. He was the son of Charles Pelham, 4th Earl of Yarborough and Marcia Pelham, Countess of Yarborough. On 31 January 1911, Lord Pelham married Alexandra Mary Freesia Vivian, daughter of Hussey Vivian, 3rd Baron Vivian and the former Louisa Alice Duff, and sister in law of General Haig. Pelham was killed in action during the First World War, aged 27.
Due to Charles Pelham's death at a relatively young age, the title of Earl of Yarborough later passed directly from his father to his younger brother, Sackville George Pelham, who also assumed the Charles's courtesy title of Lord Worsley.
Death in Flanders.
In World War I, Charles Pelham served as a lieutenant in C Squadron of the Royal Horse Guards during hostilities in Flanders, commanding a machine gun section. On 30 October 1914, Pelham's section was cut off at Zandvoorde, Belgium, by a German attack and he was killed at the age of 27. Lord Worsley was first listed as "missing in action", but was officially recorded as dead early in 1915.
Worsley's body was buried by German soldiers, and a map of his burial location was later passed on via diplomatic channels to the British, which enabled them to relocate his grave in December 1918. It was marked with an upright wooden cross which had been placed there by the Germans. In January 1919 a replacement wooden cross was erected, and Lord Worsley's widow subsequently purchased the plot of land.
Memorials.
Lord Worsley's body was exhumed in 1921 and reburied in Ypres at the Town Cemetery Military Extension. On the spot where Lord Worsley's body was originally buried by the Germans now stands the Household Cavalry Memorial in the centre of Zandvoorde. Lord Worsley's name can be seen on the memorial very near the bottom.
A memorial to Lord Worsley was erected in Britain, in All Saints Church, Brocklesby, Lincolnshire; it is a marble relief the 17th century style (to complement the adjacent Pelham family tomb of 1629), depicting Pelham, dressed in military uniform, kneeling at prayer, and was carved by the sculptor Charles Sargeant Jagger. The memorial is inscribed with the legend:

</doc>
<doc id="19471335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471335" title="Laredo (album)">
Laredo (album)

Laredo is the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Steve Wariner. His last release for MCA Records, it produced three chart singles on the "Billboard" country charts: "The Domino Theory" at #7, "Precious Thing" at #8, and "There for Awhile" at #17. After the final single charted, Wariner was dropped from MCA's roster. He later signed to Arista Nashville in 1991 for the release of his next album, 1991's "I Am Ready".
Tracks 1, 6, 8, and 9 were produced by Randy Scruggs, tracks 2, 3, and 7 by Tony Brown, and tracks 4, 5, and 10 by Garth Fundis.

</doc>
<doc id="19471340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471340" title="Madavoor Vasudevan Nair">
Madavoor Vasudevan Nair

Madavoor Vasudevan Nair is a veteran and legendary Kathakali artiste and the recipient of the prestigious Padma Bhushan award from the government of India. He is an equally famous and accomplished instructor (Guru) of Kaplingadan style of Kathakali performance and is also one of the last practitioners of the pristine south Kerala-style (Kaplingadan) school of the classical dance-drama from the south Indian state of Kerala. His contributions are widely acknowledged as the valuable lessons for the generations of contemporary performers and neophytes in this field
A native of Madavoor in Thiruvananthapuram district, Vasudevan Nair, after his primary education, on 1942 went on to the Gurukula sampradaya for learning Kathakali. He was the disciple of renowned Kathakali master Shri Madavoor Parameswaran Pillai and the legendary Padmasri Guru Chenganur Raman Pillai. He has paved his ways and made impression in the minds of connoisseurs and common people with Pacha, Kathi, Minukku, Kari, Thadi and female role presentations. He has shared the stage with almost all legendary Kathakali performers during the last five decades..
Madavoor Ashan as he is respectfully known, is the recipient of numerous awards and honors including Kendra Sangeetha Nataka Acamdemy Award, Acharya Puraskar (Kollam Kathakali club), Guru Chenganur Smaraka award, Keraliya Kalakshetram award etc.,
The most significant part of Madavoor Ashan's life is that he still performs at this ripe age and earns his living through his performances.
Birth and Early Life.
Madavoor Vasudevan Nair was born on 7 April 1929 to Shri Karottu Puthen Veetil, Rama Kurup and Smt. Kalyani Amma at Madavoor of Trivandrum District in Kerala. Shri Vasudevan Nair's mother was a renowned music vocalist. He was born with five brothers and one sister. From his childhood he had a keen interest in carnatic music, Bajans and Kuthi-yotta-pattukal. His elder brother trained him in sanskrit.
Tutelage.
Vasudevan Nair started his initial Kathakali training under Madavoor Parameswaran Pillai, when he was studying in class 5 in the year 1942. In a short span of six months his initial stage performance materialized at Madavoor. He donned the role of Bhanumathi and Utharan in the play Utharaswayamvaram. He trained under the guidance of Shri Madavoor Parameswaram Pillai for 3 years and thereafter for a short period with famous Kathakali Ashan Shri Kurichi Kunjan panicker.
After his initial training, Madavoor Vasudevan Nair underwent an intensive instruction in Kathakali under the able guidance of the illustrious Guru Chengannur Raman Pillai for a period of 12 years in the gurukulam system of education.
Career.
Madavoor Vasudevan nair started his career as a palace artist at the age of 19 at the prestigious "Travancore Palace Kathakali Yogam". By the year 1960 he was acknowledged as one of the prominent Kathakali artist of that time. Madavoor Ashan served as a Member of teaching staff of Kerala Kalamandalam for the "Southern Style" wing for a period of 10 years from 1968 to 1978. Between the year 1978 till 1990 he served as the Principal of Kala Bharathi Kathakali school. He has also served as an adviser to Kalamandalam several time. Madavoor Ashan served as a "A" grade Kathakali Musician of All India Radio, Trivandrum for almost 30 years.
Contributions, Roles & Specialities.
The contribution of Madavoor in both the realms of performance and instructing are unique. Madavoor's unique and memorable performance had given significant dimensions for the aesthetic reception of the genre in the country and abroad. In his performances, Madavoor experiments the Kathakali roles by interpreting Attakatha texts. Moreover, he was much keen in restoring the traditional style of Kathakali dance while keeping it acceptable to the contemporary viewers. He has always been a perfectionist in his adherence to the aesthetic sanctions of Kaplingadan style of Kathakali. He is also one among the few artist who is a Kathakali singer as well as a performer.
Madavoor Ashan is a maverick in expressing the Navarasas – all with equal grace and finish. He is renowned for his ability to perform a grand variety of roles – competent to take almost any role with equal felicity. He excels largely in anti-hero kathi roles like Ravanan, Duryodhanan, Keechakan, Jarasandhan, Banan, Kamsan, Hiranyakasipu and Narakasuran, but also handles other Puranic characters like Hanuman and Hamsam, besides the black-bearded Kaatalan (woodsman) and minukku roles like Brahmanan and Mannaan (washerman). His expertise is internationally acknowledged and has traveled to Singapore, Hongkong, Fiji, Indonesia, Canada, Australia, Germany, Britain, America and many more several times as part of rendering Kathakali.
Family.
Madavoor Vasudevan Nair is married to Smt. Savithri Amma and have 3 children, Madhu, Mini and Ganga Thampi. Ganga Thampi is a prominent Bharatha Natiyam artist and served as a Lecturer in Kalakshetra, Chennai

</doc>
<doc id="19471344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471344" title="Stanton Street Settlement">
Stanton Street Settlement

The Stanton Street Settlement is a Settlement movement, a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit community organization in New York, New York, United States. Its mission is to provide a safe, caring, tuition-free environment where children from the city's Lower East Side can develop their minds, bodies and spirits.
Historical perspective.
The Stanton Street Settlement follows in a long tradition of service. The Settlement movement was started in London at Oxford by Don Barnett, who opened Toynbee Hall in east London. It was a place where service-minded Cambridge and Oxford graduates could work to empower the local poor through educational and social services.
Jane Addams brought the idea to Chicago after visiting and observing the workings of Toynbee Hall. She opened America's first Settlement, Hull House, on 18 September 1889. Under her steadfast leadership Hull-House expanded. She described the difficulties and victories experienced there from 1889 - 1909 in her most famous book, "Twenty Years at Hull-House." It is in her writings that the model of what a Settlement should be is most carefully given:
For her work with Hull-House, Jane Addams won a Nobel Prize in 1931. Her ideas spread to New York, where several Settlements sprang up in the Lower East Side to meet the social and educational needs of the city's growing immigrant population.
The Stanton Street Settlement, founded in 1999, still continues this tradition of community service at 53 Stanton Street. It is a flexible, grass-roots, 100% volunteer program designed to respond to the specific needs of the community. The Settlement currently serves approximately 35 students ages 5 to 16 with the help of 25 volunteer tutors and teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="19471350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471350" title="Kenwyn, Cape Town">
Kenwyn, Cape Town

Kenwyn is a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19471373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471373" title="Cochlicella">
Cochlicella

Cochlicella is a genus of small, narrow-shelled, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochlicellidae, previously placed in the Helicidae or Hygromiidae.
This genus has not yet become established in the USA, but it is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Species.
Species within the genus "Cochlicella" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19471401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471401" title="La Mujer del Año">
La Mujer del Año

La Mujer del Año is a recording of the music for the play "Mujer del Año" performed by Mexican singer Verónica Castro. It was released in 1995. The play is based on the 1942 film "Woman of the Year" with Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn and the 1981 musical "Woman of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="19471407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471407" title="Sjöormen-class submarine">
Sjöormen-class submarine

The "Sjöormen" class were a group of submarines built for the Swedish Navy in the late 1960s. They had a teardrop shape and were capable of diving to 150m. At the time of their deployment they were regarded as one of the most advanced non-nuclear submarine-classes in the world, incorporating many new features including x-rudder and anechoic tiles. Both speed and underwater endurance was at this time very high for a conventional submarine. The submarines were retired by Sweden in the early 1990s. In the late 1990s, four submarines were acquired by the Republic of Singapore Navy and relaunched as the "Challenger" class following modernisation and tropicalisation.

</doc>
<doc id="19471429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471429" title="Stability 2008">
Stability 2008

"Stability 2008" was a major strategic military exercise initiated in late September 2008 involving the Russian military estimated to last for around one month. The exercise was a rehearsal of the deployment of Russia's conventional armed forces, and also its ground-, sea- and air-based nuclear deterrent.
The exercises involved mobilization and deployment to forward positions of forces in the Moscow and Far East Military Districts and the deployment of the navy in the North Sea, the Atlantic (Northern Fleet), the Baltic Sea (Baltic Fleet), and the Pacific (Pacific Fleet). Three air armies and one air defense corps, the Strategic Rocket Forces, strategic bombers, and Space Forces were involved as well as Belarusian military formations. The exercise involved all of Russia’s nuclear forces, most of the battle-ready navy, and the Air Force, but only some of the army. Tupolev Tu-22M3; Tupolev Tu-95MS; and Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers, Sukhoi Su-27 fighters, Mikoyan MiG-31 interceptors, Ilyushin Il-78 tankers, and Beriev A-50 AWACS took part in the exercise. On October 8, Japanese F-15s intercepted Russian Tupolev Tu-22M3s over the Sea of Japan.
As part of the exercise, two Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers were deployed to Venezuela.
Russian Embedded journalists were on board the nuclear cruiser Pyotr Velikii which was underway to the Syrian port Tartus, broadcasting daily bulletins from the exercise to Russian broadcast audiences.The Pyotr Velikii was destined for Venezuela where it took part in naval exercises.

</doc>
<doc id="19471431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471431" title="ROH Top of the Class Trophy">
ROH Top of the Class Trophy

The Top of the Class Trophy, was a trophy contended between the students of the Ring of Honor Wrestling Academy.
Current holder.
The last holder is Rhett Titus. He defeated Ernie Osiris at "Respect is Earned II" on June 7, 2008 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. As of October 25, 2008, Ring of Honor's official website no longer recognizes the Top of the Class Trophy as an official Ring of Honor Title.

</doc>
<doc id="19471432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471432" title="Utah Open Lands Conservation Association">
Utah Open Lands Conservation Association

Utah Open Lands Conservation Association is a non-profit land trust conservation association in the United States.
It is chartered to preserve and protect open space in order to maintain Utah’s natural heritage and quality of life for present and future generations. This is achieved by assisting private landowners, government agencies and communities in the voluntary preservation of the agricultural, scenic, recreational, historic and wildlife values of open land.
Utah Open Lands started in Summit County and expanded to be a statewide land trust in 1995.
Utah Open Lands' works with landowners who want to preserve their land for conservation purposes. Their primary conservation tool is the conservation easement, which is a permanent, legally binding contract that restricts development to protect the special features of the property. Land ownership often remains unchanged when the land is protected by a conservation easement, meaning that the landowner retains title to the land and can continue to live on the land, use it, sell it, and or pass it on to the next generation. The Farm and Ranch Protection Act made available estate and income tax benefits for landowners who protect their land with conservation easements; these tax incentives are available through the end of 2009. The donation of a conservation easement may be considered a charitable contribution.
Utah Open Lands has effectively conserved over of critical open land in Utah. 
References.
Utah Open Lands Conservation Association

</doc>
<doc id="19471433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471433" title="Tell the Truth (Otis Redding album)">
Tell the Truth (Otis Redding album)

Tell the Truth is the tenth studio album by Otis Redding (his tenth studio album overall), featuring songs recorded in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19471440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471440" title="Amin Joseph">
Amin Joseph

Amin Joseph (born April 26, 1980) is a protégé of the World Famous Apollo Theater in his hometown Harlem NYC. He was featured in "The Expendables" and "Homefront", both Lionsgate action releases written by Sylvester Stallone. Amin also appears in "", starring Bruce Willis and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson (released March 27, 2013). Currently, Amin is teamed with director Frank Darabont for their third project together, as recurring Booker " Skeety" Washington Smith on TNT’s Mob City.
Life and career.
Amin has become a "rising son" within the motion picture industry. His trademark dimpled smile and chiseled physique are featured attributes in two Cinemax series "Zane's Sex Chronicles" and "Zane’s The Jump Off" (March 29, 2013). Amin has working with The New York Times Best Selling Author Zane twice. Amin Joseph's partial television credits include Sons of Anarchy, Southland, Major Crimes, The Protector, N.C.I.S., and CSI: Miami. Amin’s additional film highlights include Stephen King's sci-fi thriller The Mist, The Best Night Ever, and Starlet. Amin has also honed his talents as producer with several projects in development, including his debut feature titled Kill Point in post-production.
Recent press print : 2012 covers Krave magazine, Tightrope magazine, Magic Image magazine. 2012 articles Essence magazine, Ebony magazine, and Harlem World magazine. Blogs: Concrete Loop, Carlton Jordan, Tightrope online, Essence Online.

</doc>
<doc id="19471459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471459" title="Sun Li">
Sun Li

Sun Li may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19471473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471473" title="John Grigas">
John Grigas

John Joseph Grigas (August 19, 1920May 19, 2000) was an American football player who played 5 seasons in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19471478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471478" title="Unilever Ghana">
Unilever Ghana

Unilever Ghana () is the largest producer and retailer of consumer goods in Ghana.
They are listed on the stock index of the Ghana Stock Exchange, the GSE All-Share Index. It formed on July 14, 1992 with a merger of UAC Ghana Limited and Lever Brothers Ghana Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="19471535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471535" title="Mansfield Owen">
Mansfield Owen

The Very Rev. Charles Mansfield Owen (known as Mansfield; b: 1852 d: 4 November 1940) was an eminent Anglican priest in the last decades of the 19th century and the first four of the 20th.
He was born at Rodbourough in Gloucestershire in 1852, the son of Herbert Owen (a barrister) and Catherine née Paterson. He was educated at Merton College, Oxford. Ordained in 1875 he began his career with a curacy at "Holy Trinity, Southampton". In 1880 he became Vicar of Woolston then three years later St. George's Church, Edgbaston. Appointed to be Rural Dean of the area in 1905, he was promoted again to the post of Archdeacon of Aston and then in 1912 to Archdeacon of Birmingham. In 1915 he was appointed Dean of Ripon, where he remained until his death on 4 November 1940.
Charles Mansfield Owen married Susan Hilda Roaslie Longmore in 1884, they had two sons, Basil Wilberforce Longmore Owen & Reginald Mansfield Owen. Reginald Mansfield Owen became a Major in the Oxford & Bucks Light Infantry, he was killed in action aged 25 on the 2 Aug 1916 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="19471544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471544" title="Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg">
Wrestling at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 62 kg at the 1976 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Maurice Richard Arena.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="19471550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471550" title="Ud i den kolde sne">
Ud i den kolde sne

Ud i den kolde sne is a 1934 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. It was Fredericks debut film as a director. The title means "Out in the cold snow" in Danish.

</doc>
<doc id="19471569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471569" title="1977 Winchester 400">
1977 Winchester 400

The 1977 Winchester 400 motor race, the eighth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 2, 1977, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
The 1977 Winchester 400 marked yet another comeback victory for Bob Senneker, as he rolled to an unprecedented fourth straight win in the biggest event of the ASA season. Former Sprint Car driver Dave Roahrig of Plymouth, Indiana looked to be on his way to breaking Senneker’s (Dorr, Michigan) win streak, but suffered a broken A-arm while leading, allowing Senneker to catch and pass him for the lead and the win with just 6 laps to go.
The race.
Setting fast time in qualifying for the second straight year, Senneker grabbed the lead at the drop of the green flag, and was pulling away from the field, until a broken hood pin forced him to make an unscheduled pit stop on lap 39. Jerry Makara then assumed the lead for the first time in his career and would hold it until blistered right-side tires slowed his pace. Bob Sensiba was the next first-time leader as he blew past Makara on lap 59 and would hold the position until he pitted for fresh tires on lap 105.
Working steadily forward from his 12th starting position, Roahrig would become the third first-time leader of the event and would lead all but one of the next 113 laps. Roahrig pitted on lap 218 giving the lead to 1976 ASA Champion Mike Eddy. Proving to be a force to be reckoned with, Roahrig retook the lead on lap 259 and would hold it until being blocked in the pits under caution on lap 308. That handed the lead to race rookie Mark Martin. Fresh off a win in the National Short Track Championships at Rockford, Illinois, the 18-year-old Arkansas youngster appeared to be headed for his second consecutive win in as many weeks as he built a one-lap lead over the field. Soon after, Martin’s engine began to sour, giving up the lead to Roahrig on lap 321 before retiring on lap 374.
The final caution period waved with 20 laps remaining setting up a late dash between Roahrig and Senneker. Back under green, Roahrig pulled away and appeared ready for victory, but began trailing a shower of sparks from his machine as a front A-arm began to fail. Senneker passed the slowing Roahrig on lap 393 and pulled away for a half-lap winning margin. Roahrig limped home to take second with Michigan drivers, Eddy, Sensiba, and Makara rounding out the top five. Senneker collected $6,835 for his fourth-straight win in the fall classic.

</doc>
<doc id="19471571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471571" title="The Labours of Erica">
The Labours of Erica

The Labours of Erica was a 1989/90 British sitcom starring Brenda Blethyn as self-made businesswoman Erica Parsons. The premise of the show was that Erica found a list she had made as a young girl of everything she wanted to do before turning 18. Realising she hasn't done any of them, she resolves to achieve all her aims before her 40th birthday instead. The series premiered on ITV in the United Kingdom at 8:00pm on Monday 13 March 1989 and ran for two series until 9 April 1990.
DVD release.
The Complete Series of "The Labours of Erica" was released on DVD on 2 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19471575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471575" title="Galatasaray S.K. in European football">
Galatasaray S.K. in European football

Galatasaray SK, an Turkish professional association football club, is Turkey's most successful team in Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) competitions.
UEFA Cup 2000.
The UEFA Cup 2000 season was won by Galatasaray of Turkey, who defeated Arsenal F.C. of England in the final. It is the first time a Turkish side has won a European club football trophy, prompting wild celebrations on the streets of Istanbul.
Galatasaray entered the competition through the back door - as one of the third-placed teams in the first group stage of the UEFA Champions League. Even then they had to beat AC Milan in their last game to qualify. But win they did, and that victory was the start of a run which took the Cimbom from the UEFA Cup Third Round, past Bologna FC, BV Borussia Dortmund, RCD Mallorca and Leeds United AFC, to the final at the Parken Stadium.
The 2000 UEFA Cup Final was scoreless through the first ninety minutes and stayed that way through thirty minutes of extra time. In the ensuing penalty shoot-out, Patrick Vieira and Davor Šuker missed for Arsenal F.C. Galatasaray's Ergün Penbe, Hakan Şükür, Ümit Davala all gave David Seaman no chance with their spot-kicks before Gheorghe Popescu, scored the winning kick to win the cup.
Galatasaray had won an impressive treble that season, after claiming Turkish league title, as well as the Turkish Cup.
Overall record.
By competition.
Legend: GF = Goals For. GA = Goals Against. GD = Goal Difference.
All-time goal scorers in major European competitions.
Below are all-time scorers in major UEFA club competitions. Names, that appear in italics, indicate players currently playing in the first team. Numbers in parentheses include goals scored in qualifying games.

</doc>
<doc id="19471585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471585" title="Al Farouk de Tombouctou">
Al Farouk de Tombouctou

Al Farouk de Tombouctou is a Malian football and Basketball club based in the city of Timbuktu. 
Football.
Al Farouk were promoted for the first time to the Malien Premiere Division in September 2008, after winning the Division 2, group A tournament, based in their home city of Timbuktu. They had never previously played in the nations top division, although they have competed in the promotion championship in the 2003-2006 seasons. Montée en D1 : Al Farouk, jamais deux sans trois. l'Essor n°15788 du - 2006-09-14.</ref>
Basketball.
Al Farouk also field successful Men's and Women's Basketball teams, with their Men's team having been invited to the Top Eight Malian championship in 2008.Basket-ball, Top 8 : ORANGE-MALI HABILLE LES EQUIPES. l'Essor n°16272 du - 2008-08-28Mali – La seconde phase du Championnat national, le Top 8 a débuté le Vendredi dernier, 2008. </ref> 

</doc>
<doc id="19471586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471586" title="Positive affectivity">
Positive affectivity

Positive Affectivity is a characteristic that describes how animals and humans experience positive emotions and interact with others and with their surroundings. Those with high positive affectivity are typically enthusiastic, energetic, confident, active, and alert. Those having low levels of positive affectivity can be characterized by sadness, lethargy, distress, and un-pleasurable engagement (see negative affectivity).
Positive and negative affectivity.
Despite the dramatic contrast in their names, positive affectivity (PA) and negative affectivity (NA) are nearly independent of each other; one could be high in both PA and NA, high in one and low in the other, or low in both. Affectivity has been found to be moderately stable over time and across situations (such as working versus relaxing). Positive affectivity may influence an individual's choices in general, particularly their responses to questionnaires. 
Happiness, a feeling of well-being, and high levels of self-esteem are often associated with high levels of positive affectivity, but they are each influenced by negative affectivity as well. Trait PA roughly corresponds to the dominant personality factors of extraversion; however, this construct is also influenced by interpersonal components.
Testing for positive affectivity.
Because there is not a hard-and-fast rule for defining certain levels of positive affectivity, different self-reported assessments use different scales of measure. Several prominent tests are listed below; in each of these, the respondent determines the degree to which a given adjective or phrase accurately characterizes him or her.
• Differential Emotions Scale (DES): A PA scale that assesses enjoyment (happy or joyful feelings) and interest (excitement, alertness, curiosity).
• Multiple Affect Adjective Checklist – Revised (MAACL-R): Measures PA according to the DES scale and to an additional scale assessing thrill-seeking behavior (how daring or adventurous one might be).
• Profile of Mood States (POMS): Uses vigor scale to assess the domain of PA.
• Expanded Form of the Positives and Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS-X): This test uses three main scales – joviality (how cheerful, happy, or lively), self-assurance (how confident and strong), and attentiveness (alertness and concentration).
The International Positive and Negative Affect Schedule Short-Form (I-PANAS-SF) is a brief 10-item version of the PANAS that has been developed and extensively validated for use in English with both native and non-native English speakers. Internal consistency reliability for the 5-item PA scale is reported to range between .72 and .78.
The effects of positive affectivity.
Positive affectivity is an integral part of everyday life. PA helps individuals to process emotional information accurately and efficiently, to solve problems, to make plans, and to earn achievements. The broaden-and-build theory of PA suggests that PA broadens people’s momentary thought-action repertoires and builds their enduring personal resources.
Research shows that PA relates to different classes of variables, such as social activity and the frequency of pleasant events. PA is also strongly related to life satisfaction. The high energy and engagement, optimism, and social interest characteristic of high-PA individuals suggest that they are more likely to be satisfied with their lives. In fact, the content similarities between these affective traits and life satisfaction have led some researchers to view both PA, NA, and life satisfaction as specific indicators of the broader construct of subjective well-being.
PA may influence the relationships between variables in organizational research.
PA increases attentional focus and behavioral repertoire, and these enhanced personal resources can be used to overcome or deal with distressing situations. These resources are physical (e.g., better health), social (e.g., social support networks), and intellectual and psychological (e.g., resilience, optimism and creativity).
PA provides a psychological break or respite from stress, supporting continued efforts to replenish resources depleted by stress.
Its buffering functions provide a useful antidote to the problems associated with negative emotions and ill health due to stress. Likewise, happy people are better in coping. McCrae and Costa concluded that PA was associated with more mature coping efforts.
Further reading.
Bushman, B. B., & Crowley, S. L. (2010). Is the structure of affect similar for younger and older children? Cross-sectional differences in negative and positive affectivity. Journal of Psychoeducational Assessment, 28, 31-39. doi:10.1177/0734282909337584
Congard, A., Dauvier, B., Antoine, P., & Gilles, P. (2011). Integrating personality, daily life events and emotion: Role of anxiety and positive affect in emotion regulation dynamics. Journal of Research in Personality, 45, 372-384. 
Grafton, B. (2012). The ups and downs of cognitive bias: Dissociating the attentional characteristics of positive and negative affectivity. Journal Of Cognitive Psychology, 24(1), 33-53.
Lopez, S. J. (2008). Positive psychology: Exploring the best in people. (Vol. 2). Westport, CT: Praeger Publications.
Lopez, S., & Snyder, C. R. (2009). Oxford handbook of positive psychology. (2nd ed.). Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press.
Tomkins, S. S. (1962). Affect, imagery, consciousness. (Vol. I). New York, NY: Springer Publishing Company, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="19471609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471609" title="Levi Weeks">
Levi Weeks

Levi Weeks (1776–1819) was the accused in the infamous Manhattan Well Murder trial of 1800, the first recorded murder trial in the United States. At the time of the murder, Weeks was a young carpenter in New York City. He was the brother of Ezra Weeks, one of New York's more successful builders of the time. 
Biography.
Levi Weeks was born in 1776 in Greenwich, Massachusetts and died in Natchez, Mississippi in 1819 at the age of 43. He married Ann Greenleaf in Natchez and they had four children.
Murder trial.
Weeks was accused of murdering Gulielma "Elma" Sands, a young woman whom he had been courting. Elma disappeared on the evening of December 22, 1799. Some of her possessions were found two days later near the recently created Manhattan Well in Lispenard Meadows, located in today's SoHo near the intersection of Greene and Spring Streets. Her body was recovered from the well on January 2, 1800. Before leaving her boarding house on the 22nd, Elma told her cousin Catherine Sands that she and Levi were to be secretly married that night. 
The trial, which took place on March 31 and April 1, 1800, was sensational. Through his brother's connections and wealth, Weeks retained three of New York's most prominent attorneys, Henry Brockholst Livingston, Aaron Burr, and Alexander Hamilton. Chief Justice John Lansing, Jr. presided on the bench, and future Mayor of New York Cadwallader David Colden was the prosecutor.
Although Elma was seen leaving with Weeks and a witness claimed to have seen Weeks making measurements at the well the Sunday before the murder, Weeks was acquitted after only 5 minutes of jury deliberation, The public strongly disagreed with the verdict, and Weeks was ostracized by the citizens of the city, forcing him to leave New York. He eventually settled in Natchez, Mississippi, where he became a well-respected architect and builder.

</doc>
<doc id="19471617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471617" title="Pro Evolution Soccer (video game)">
Pro Evolution Soccer (video game)

Pro Evolution Soccer (also known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 5 in Japan) is the first installment of Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer football video game series that was released on November 23, 2001 in Europe.
Other versions.
World Soccer: Winning Eleven 5 - Final Evolution was also released in Japan after the release of Pro Evolution Soccer in Europe.
Reception.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the original PlayStation 2 version of the game and the "J.League" version a 34 out of 40 each, giving the later "Final Evolution" version a score of 33 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="19471626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471626" title="Jerusalem Council II">
Jerusalem Council II

Named after the first Council of Jerusalem, an ecumenical body of various Christian denominations is making effort to realize its Second Jerusalem Council. 
The title suggests the authoritative connotation in light of the first Council of Jerusalem as ascribed to a meeting in the book of Acts. 

</doc>
<doc id="19471633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471633" title="Figure Eight EP">
Figure Eight EP

The Figure Eight EP is an EP by . Released on May 19, 2008 throughout the UK, it was the band's first release on Leeds label On The Bone Records as well as being the band's last ever release before splitting in mid-2008. It contains 3 new This Et Al songs as well a much older song, "The Tale of Frosty Jackson," which had previously been unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="19471634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471634" title="Guru Nanak Interfaith Prize">
Guru Nanak Interfaith Prize

The Guru Nanak Interfaith Prize is a biannual, $50,000 award to "an individual or an organisation in recognition of propagating Guru Nanak’s philosophy of discovering oneness of humanity by exploring the differences that separate people". The prize is administered by Hofstra University, New York as part of its efforts in the advancement of religious study, and is supported by the Sardarni Kuljit Kaur Bindra Foundation, funded by a gift from the family of Ishar Singh Bindra.
Hofstra sought nominations though press releases and placing ads in major U.S. newspapers. Notable members of the selection committee included Desmond Tutu, Inder Kumar Gujral, Charles Schumer, Norm Coleman, David Rosen, and Martin E. Marty.
The first such prize was presented to Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama on November 11, 2007 by a delegation from Hofstra who had traveled to India for the presentation. The Dalai Lama was selected from a field of 75 nominees engaged in interfaith efforts throughout the world. Other notable individuals nominated included Arthur Schneier, Jagdish Gandhi, Sukhbir Singh Kapoor, Paul F. Knitter, and Frank Kaufmann. Notable organizations and groups nominated included Hartford Seminary and the Molloy College Institute for Christian/Jewish Dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="19471637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471637" title="Peter Schulz">
Peter Schulz

Peter Schulz (25 April 1930 – 17 May 2013) was a German politician, member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) and First Mayor of Hamburg (1971 – 1974).
Schulz was born in Rostock. He studied law at the University of Hamburg and after his graduation in 1958 Schulz founded his own office.
Political life.
In 1961 he was elected in the Hamburg Parliament and served as Senator of Justice from 1966. In 1970 he became Senator for Schools and Youth and Second Mayor. On June 16, 1971 he was elected as First Mayor of Hamburg, but resigned after the election 1974 on November 12, 1974.
1978 – 1982 and 1983 – 1986 Schulz was President of Hamburg Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19471640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471640" title="Big Taboo">
Big Taboo

Big Taboo is a variation on the classic board game Taboo. The game has added elements similar to games like Pictionary, Charades, and 25 Words or Less to create a fun party game with a little bit of everything. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008.
Gameplay.
The game starts by the players dividing into two teams. Teams move a pawn around a track and must play a round of word guessing. One person on the team gives clues to the other players on their team and they must get as many as they can in the time allowed. The trick is that the method and rules a player uses to give clues is different depending on what space the team's pawn landed on. On some spaces, clues are given using rules of the classic Taboo game. On other spaces, clues are drawn, similar to Pictionary, or are limited to 15 words or must be given using "Bendy Bob," a small purple stuffed toy included with the game to act out the word(s). Once the guessing round is finished, teams move their pawn a number of spaces equal to the number of words they guessed correctly that turn. The turn then passes to the other team. Play continues until one team reaches the last space on the track.

</doc>
<doc id="19471655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471655" title="Ernesto Benedettini">
Ernesto Benedettini

Ernesto Benedettini (born 5 March 1948) is a politician of San Marino. He was Captain Regent of San Marino for the term from 1 October 2008 to April 2009 together with Assunta Meloni. In March 2009, Meloni and Benedettini joined in the celebrations of the 50th anniversary of the San Marino National Olympic Committee.
He earlier served as Captain Regent from April to October 1992.
Benedettini is a member of the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19471656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471656" title="Assunta Meloni">
Assunta Meloni

Assunta "Tina" Meloni (born 21 April 1951) is a politician of San Marino. She was Captain Regent of San Marino for the term from 1 October 2008 to April 2009 together with Ernesto Benedettini. She is also a member of the Council of Europe.
Meloni is a member of the Popular Alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19471672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471672" title="Exitfilm">
Exitfilm

Exitfilm is an Estonian movie studio established in 1992 that produces and distributes feature films, short films and documentaries.
Exitfilm's international co-productions include Lilja 4-Ever by Lukas Moodysson (Sweden), "Unforgettable" by Anders Rønnow Karlund (Denmark) and "Rothschild’s Violin" by Edgardo Cozarinsky (France).
On the list of Estonian feature films produced would be the Shop of Dreams () in 2005 co-produced with Finland, directed by Peeter Urbla one of the founders of Exitfilm.Agent Wild Duck (2002) co-produced with Zentropa in Denmark was directed by Marko Raat 

</doc>
<doc id="19471691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471691" title="Pentax K2000">
Pentax K2000

The Pentax K-m (called K2000 in U.S.) is a 10.2 megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera, announced on September 22, 2008 at the 2008 Photokina trade show along with the DA-L series of lightweight, inexpensive lenses. It was discontinued in November 2009, being replaced by the more recent Pentax K-x.
The K-m is considered a compact and entry-level model. It is significantly lighter than other Pentax DSLRs, lacks the weather sealing of the contemporaneous K200D and K20D models, and is intended to be sold with lightweight DA-L-series lenses. It does offer some improvements over the K200D, however, notably a maximum sensitivity increased from ISO 1600 to ISO 3200 and a slightly faster burst mode.
The MSRP of the Pentax K2000 is $699 with DA-L 18-55mm 3.5-5.6 kit lens and AF200FG external flash unit.

</doc>
<doc id="19471704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471704" title="Mankompu Sivasankara Pillai">
Mankompu Sivasankara Pillai

Mankompu Sivasankara Pillai, of Kerala in south India, is a reputed Kathakali artiste of the classical dance-drama's southern style. Noted for his consummate depiction of pachcha, kathi and minukku roles, he is a disciple of late maestro Chenganoor Raman Pillai.
Born in Mankompu of Kuttanad belt in Alappuzha district, Pillai has also learnt Kathakali from masters like Kalarkode Kuttappa Panikkar, Thakazhi Ayyappan Pillai and Thottam Sankaran Namboodiri. In 1966, he was inducted as a teacher in Kerala Kalamandalam, where he served for long. In 1985, he was accorded the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award.
In 2006, Mankompu, with his brother C.K. Sivarama Pillai, brought out a book 'Kathakali Swaroopam', that deals with the evolution, grammar and aesthetics of the art form in the Travancore region.

</doc>
<doc id="19471705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471705" title="Barbara Hogan">
Barbara Hogan

Barbara Hogan (born 28 February 1952) is the former Minister of Public Enterprises in the Cabinet of South Africa.
Early life.
Hogan attended St Dominic's Catholic School for Girls, Boksburg and gained a degree at the University of the Witwatersrand.
Political activity.
Hogan joined the African National Congress in 1976 after the Soweto Uprising, many years after the organization had been declared illegal and had moved its activities underground. Her responsibilities in this movement were to mobilize the white political left, participate in public political campaigning and supply the ANC underground in Botswana with information about trade union and community activity in South Africa. Hogan was detained in 1982 for ‘furthering the aims of a banned organization’ and after being interrogated, ill-treated and held in solitary confinement for one year, she became the first woman in South Africa found guilty of high treason and was sentenced to ten years in prison. Hogan was released in 1990 with the unbanning of outlawed organizations and together with other political prisoners, most notably Nelson Mandela. Upon release she played a pivotal role in restructuring the ANC in her capacity as secretary of the PWV regional office.
When Kgalema Motlanthe took office as President on 25 September 2008, he appointed Hogan as Minister of Health to replace Manto Tshabalala-Msimang.
Hogan is a member of the advisory board of the Amandla AIDS Fund (AAF), which was established by the nonprofit organization Artists for a New South Africa (ANSA) in 2003 with a $2.5 million donation from Carlos and Deborah Santana, which represented the entire net proceeds of the 2003 U.S. Summer Santana Shaman tour. AAF provides grants to effective South African efforts to combat AIDS and also develops innovative, collaborative programs. Amandla means "strength" or "power" in isiZulu, isiXhosa and other South African languages. The AAF advisory board, chaired by Archbishop Desmond Tutu, includes leading South African HIV/AIDS experts and AIDS activists who help select effective South African organizations and programs to receive grants. In the past year, AAF has allocated and granted over $1.25 million to HIV/AIDS advocacy, prevention and treatment programs. ANSA, a nonprofit organization dedicated to combating the African AIDS pandemic and advancing democracy and equality in South Africa, also works to further civil rights and safeguard voting rights in the U.S.
Hogan was named Minister of Public Health in September 2008 on the basis of her financial managerial skills, which were urgently needed in the rundown Department of Health, according to her in a 2008 interview by News24. Although Hogan was not a medical professional, she said that she had a very capable deputy, Dr Molefi Sefularo, who was a medical doctor and had been very engaged in the healthcare sector. Hogan helped the South African government address the AIDS pandemic among South Africans almost a decade of denial and neglect by the previous Minister of Health, Manto Tshabalala-Msimang.
In May 2009, she was appointed to the Ministry of Public Enterprises, from which she was axed in 2010 by President Jacob Zuma.
Honors.
Hogan was included in the 2009 Time 100, an annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
On April 13, 2011, Hogan received an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Kentucky, alongside her husband Ahmed Kathrada.

</doc>
<doc id="19471748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471748" title="Ross Petty">
Ross Petty

Ross Petty (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba on August 29, 1946) is a Canadian actor and theatre producer. He is best known for his eponymous production company, which stages family theatre productions in Toronto every holiday season.
Early career.
Petty was born in Winnipeg.
In Europe, he sang at Le Lido in Paris and appeared with Betty Grable in the London West End musical "Belle Starr". In the United States, he made his Broadway debut in Arthur Kopit's "Wings", created the role of Eddie Dorrance on "All My Children", and co-starred with Ginger Rogers and Sid Caesar in a national tour of Cole Porter’s "Anything Goes".
He appeared in the U.S. and Canada in the title role of Stephen Sondheim’s "Sweeney Todd", directed by Hal Prince. His film and television credits include "Extreme Measures" with Gene Hackman and Hugh Grant, "Perry Mason", ', "Monk", "Loving Friends and Perfect Couples", "Forever Knight", "E.N.G.", "Night Heat", "Seeing Things", "Hot Shots", "All My Children", "A Judgement in Stone", ', "Counterstrike", "The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne", "Traders", "F/X2" and "Martha Inc: The Martha Stewart Story".
He has also done voices in several cartoon shows including "X-Men", "The Busy World of Richard Scarry", "Bob and Margaret", ', "Bad Dog", "Redwall", "Mischief City", "Ned's Newt", "Jacob Two-Two", "Monster Force", ', "Freaky Stories", "Free Willy", "Rupert", "The Adventures of Tintin", "Little Bear", "Roboroach", "Birdz", "Pippi Longstocking" and "Rescue Heroes".
He has been married to former National Ballet of Canada dancer Karen Kain since 1983. The couple reside in Toronto.
Production.
Since 1996, Ross Petty Productions have been producing what they call “Fractured Fairy Tale Musicals” at Toronto’s Elgin Theatre. The shows are firmly in the old English pantomime tradition, incorporating many of that style’s elements — broad comedy, winking asides that break the “fourth wall”, audience participation, and, of course, a man in a dress.

</doc>
<doc id="19471771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471771" title="Anna Carlsson">
Anna Carlsson

Anna Carlsson (born August 24, 1973) is a German actress and voice actress from Frankfurt am Main. She is fluent in the languages of German, English and Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="19471785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471785" title="Yugo Nakamura">
Yugo Nakamura

Yugo Nakamura (born in 1970 in Nara, Japan) is a Japanese web designer. Yugo studied engineering, architecture and landscape design. He is one of the authors of "New Masters Of Flash" (2003). Yugo has exhibited and lectured in Asia, United States, and Europe. His artwork has been shown at Center Pompidou in Paris, Vienna Künstlerhaus in Vienna, and the Design Museum in London. His commercial works have received many international awards, including Cannes Lions, One Show, Clio Award, and NY ADC. He utilizes mathematics underlying natural complexity to create online interactions that are usable and familiar because their behavior is modeled on the natural world.

</doc>
<doc id="19471801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471801" title="Metal Mass">
Metal Mass

Metal Mass (in Finnish, Metallimessu) is a heavy metal music service of worship. In it the traditional hymns are adapted to heavy metal style, following a Lutheran service pattern. As reported by "The Washington Times" and "AFP", it has become a popular phenomenon in Finland, drawing hundreds of people, especially youth, to church, since it was first held in 2006. An album based on the service, "Metallimessu", peaked at number 12 on the Finnish album chart, and has been on the Top 40 Chart for three weeks. Several known Finnish heavy metal musicians have participated on the musical side of the service and the album.
History.
The concept of Metal Mass was thought up by five metal fans, three of whom worked at a church (pastors Haka Kekäläinen and Jukka Valkama and youth worker Mikko Saari) and the other two being musicians (Markus Korri and Juhani Palttala), after a 2005 seminar on the relationship of Church and heavy metal music. They gathered a team for service and began working on arrangements. The first Metal Mass was held around the time of the annual Tuska Open Air Metal Festival, June 29, 2006, in Temppeliaukio Church. Taage Laiho of the hard rock band Kilpi, was the lead singer in that Metal Mass. The service was reportedly a success, with 300 people being left out because of safety reasons.
The team founded an organization for the service, "Metallimessu ry", and between 2007 and 2008 the Metal Mass was held in several major cities in Finland with different workgroup line-ups. The service drew hundreds of people each time.
On August 26, 2008, the "Metallimessu" album was released, and the songs and interludes follow the pattern of the service. On the album, guest vocalists for the hymns include Taage Laiho (Kilpi), Ville Tuomi (Suburban Tribe), Tanja (Lullacry), Tuomas Nieminen (Adamantra), Juhani Muhonen (Sorrowind) and Heikki Pöyhiä (Twilightning).
Phenomenon.
According to AFP, the popularity of the Metal Mass is linked to the mainstream popularity of heavy metal music in Finland. "If it has a niche audience elsewhere, heavy metal is now mainstream in Finland. Helsinki alone abounds with heavy metal karaoke bars, dedicated metal clubs and regular gigs, adding to the dozens of summertime heavy metal festivals held around the Nordic country."
Mikko Saari, a co-founder of Metallimessu, tells AFP that "Finns are known to be reserved, serious and very honest ... Somehow heavy metal fits into this as it is no-nonsense, honest, straightforward and quite gloomy."
Reception.
The Finnish Christian Media Association awarded Metal Mass the "Christian Media Achievement of 2007" title, writing that "Metal Mass as a concept and service of worship has remarkably widened Finland's Lutheran church's boundaries for the current and future members of its parishes." The concept has drawn interest and media coverage from Sweden and Norway as well.
750 people attended the first Metal Mass, and the after that the popularity has been solid, for example, at the service held at Mäntsälä, 1100 people attended Metal Mass. Not all accept the idea of Metal Mass, according to Saari, "Of course some Christian circles were scared and some true metal people were irate. But many said that the idea was great and that they had been waiting for it."

</doc>
<doc id="19471823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471823" title="TV Squash">
TV Squash

TV Squash was a British television satire show which was made by Yorkshire Television and ran for one series during the summer of 1992. Each of the six episodes parodied a day's television on a particular channel, squeezing the contents into half an hour. The weekday programming of all four main British television channels of the time (BBC One, BBC Two, ITV and Channel 4) was satirised in the first four episodes, while episodes five and six concentrated on a typical day's viewing on Saturday and Sunday on ITV.

</doc>
<doc id="19471840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471840" title="Holding On to Whatever It Is">
Holding On to Whatever It Is

Holding On To Whatever It Is is an album by The Waking Eyes, released in 2008.
It was released on July 1, 2008 on iTunes, and a physical CD was released in stores on November 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19471868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471868" title="Bethmann">
Bethmann

People surnamed Bethmann.
Bethmann family.
The Bethmann family in Germany, originally from Goslar, achieved greatest prominence in Frankfurt am Main; the Bethmann-Hollweg sideline produced a German chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="19471876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471876" title="Leuckart">
Leuckart

Leuckart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19471882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471882" title="Pendleton College">
Pendleton College

Pendleton College was a sixth form college in the Pendleton district of Salford, Greater Manchester. As of January 2009 the campus merged with Eccles College and Salford College and is now a part of Salford City College and is situated between the A6 and the A576, between Irlams o' th' Height and Brindle Heath.
History.
The college was established in 1973 from the sixth forms of the Salford Grammar School for Boys (which became Buile Hill High School) and Pendleton High School for Girls. In 1997, Pendleton combined with the close by De La Salle Sixth Form College (a former direct grant grammar school). People from all over the Salford and Manchester area attend the college and over the years, the College has gained a number of national awards for academic achievement. In September 2007, the 260-seat Eccleston Theatre was named after Salford's Christopher Eccleston. It received A level results similar to Eccles College.
Campuses.
It had three campuses:
2009 merger.
On 1 January 2009, it merged with Salford College and Eccles College to form Salford City College.
The Prime Minister's Global Fellowship.
The school had its first two students attain places on the prestigious Prime Minister's Global Fellowship programme in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="19471893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471893" title="1978 Winchester 400">
1978 Winchester 400

The 1978 Winchester 400 motor race, the ninth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 1, 1978, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
The 1978 Winchester 400 marked a milestone in the short history of the event, as Michigan short-track legends Mike Eddy and Bob Senneker engaged in a race-long battle over the 400-lap distance on the "World's Fastest Half Mile". Despite Eddy's best efforts, Senneker (Dorr, Michigan) once again came out on top as he won the fall-classic for the "fifth" consecutive year.
The Race.
Senneker served notice early that he was a threat to win again as he set fast time in qualifying for the third straight year. At the green, fellow front-row starter Bob Sensiba shot to the lead, but suffered early tire problems giving the lead to Mike Eddy on lap nine. Although followed closely by Senneker and Sensiba most of the time, the Midland, Michigan veteran dominated the first half event, as he would lead all the way until lap 234 when he pitted for tires. Sensiba won the race off pit road and would pace the field until Eddy again took over the top spot on lap 257.
Despite starting from the pole, Senneker grabbed the lead for the first time on lap 305 when Eddy took advantage of a caution to make his final pit stop. Once the green flag reappeared, the battle began between race leaders Senneker and Eddy. The two leaders dueled through lapped traffic as Eddy attempted to retake the lead in quest of his first Dri-Power 400 win. Sensiba who, was desperately attempting to regain a lost lap, joined the lead duo as they sliced through traffic. Sensiba was able to work his way past Senneker on two occasions, but the caution never came out and Senneker was able to move back around and keep his rival down a lap. At the finish, Senneker was able to hold off Eddy for his fifth-straight win and collect $8,035 for his efforts. Eddy settled for second on the lead lap followed by Sensiba, rookie Ed Cooper, and Terry Bivins.

</doc>
<doc id="19471895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471895" title="Negative affectivity">
Negative affectivity

Negative affect (NA) is a mood-dispositional dimension in negative emotionality and self-concept characterized by the experience of subjective distress and unpleasurable engagement. Negative affectivity subsumes a variety of aversive mood states, including anger, contempt, disgust, guilt, fear, and nervousness. Low negative affect is characterized by a state of calmness and serenity. 
Individuals differ in negative emotional reactivity. Trait negative affectivity roughly corresponds to the dominant personality factor of anxiety/neuroticism within the Big Five personality traits. Research shows that negative affectivity relates to different classes of variables: Self-reported stress and (poor) coping skills, health complaints, and frequency of unpleasant events. 
People who express high negative affectivity view themselves and a variety of aspects of the world around them in generally negative terms. Negative affectivity is strongly related to life satisfaction. Individuals high in negative affect will exhibit, on average, higher levels of distress, anxiety, and dissatisfaction, and tend to focus on the unpleasant aspects of themselves, the world, the future, and other people. The similarities between these affective traits and life satisfaction have led some researchers to view both positive and negative affect with life satisfaction as specific indicators of the broader construct of subjective well-being.
Negative affect arousal mechanisms can induce negative affective states as evidenced by a study conducted by Stanley S. Seidner on negative arousal and white noise. The study quantified reactions from Mexican and Puerto Rican participants in response to the devaluation of speakers from other ethnic origins.
Measurement.
PANAS – The Positive and Negative Affect Schedule incorporates a 10-item negative affect scale. The PANAS-X is an expanded version of PANAS that incorporates negative affect subscales for Fear, Sadness, Guilt, Hostility, and Shyness.
I-PANAS-SF - The International Positive and Negative Affect Schedule Short Form is an extensively validated brief, cross-culturally reliable 10-item version of the PANAS. Negative Affect items are Afraid, Ashamed, Hostile, Nervous and Upset. Internal consistency reliabilities between .72 and .76 are reported. The I-PANAS-SF was developed to eliminate redundant and ambiguous items and thereby derive an efficient measure for general use in research situations where either time or space are limited, or where international populations are of interest but where English may not be the mother tongue.
Benefits of Negative Affect.
Recent studies indicate that negative affect has important, beneficial impacts on cognition and behavior. These developments are a remarkable departure from past psychological research, which is characterized by a unilateral emphasis on the benefits of positive affect. Both states of affect influence mental processes and behavior. 
These findings complement evolutionary psychology theories that affective states serve adaptive functions in promoting suitable cognitive strategies to deal with environmental challenges. Positive affect is associated with assimilative, top-down processing used in response to familiar, benign environments. Negative affect is connected with accommodative, bottom-up processing in response to unfamiliar, or problematic environments. Thus, positive affectivity promotes simplistic heuristic approaches that rely on preexisting knowledge and assumptions. Conversely, negative affectivity promotes controlled, analytic approaches that rely on externally drawn information. 
Benefits of negative affect are present in areas of cognition including perception, judgment, memory and interpersonal personal relations. Since negative affect relies more on cautious processing than preexisting knowledge, people with negative affect tend to perform better in instances involving deception, manipulation, impression formation, and stereotyping. Negative affectivity's analytical and detailed processing of information leads to fewer reconstructive-memory errors, whereas positive mood relies on broader schematic to thematic information that ignores detail. Thus, information processing in negative moods reduces the misinformation effect and increases overall accuracy of details. People also exhibit less interfering responses to stimuli when given descriptions or performing any cognitive task. 
Judgement.
People are notoriously susceptible to forming inaccurate judgments based on biases and limited information. Evolutionary theories propose that negative affective states tend to increase skepticism and decrease reliance on preexisting knowledge. Consequently, judgmental accuracy is improved in areas such as impression formation, reducing fundamental attribution error, stereotyping, and gullibility. 
Impression Formation.
First impressions are one of the most basic forms of judgments people make on a daily basis; yet judgment formation is a complex and fallible process. Negative affect is shown to decrease errors in forming impressions based on presuppositions. One common judgment error is the halo effect, or the tendency to form unfounded impressions of people based on known but irrelevant information. For instance, more attractive people are often attributed with more positive qualities. Research demonstrates that positive affect tends to increase the halo effect, whereas negative affect decreases it.
A study involving undergraduate students demonstrated a halo effect in identifying a middle-aged man as more likely to be a philosopher than an unconventional, young woman. These halo effects were nearly eliminated when participants were in a negative affective state. In the study, researchers sorted participants into either happy or sad groups using an autobiographical mood induction task in which participants reminisced on sad or happy memories. Then, participants read a philosophical essay by a fake academic who was identified as either a middle-aged, bespectacled man or as a young, unorthodox-looking woman. The fake writer was evaluated on intelligence and competence. The positive affect group exhibited a strong halo effect, rating the male writer significantly higher than the female writer in competence. The negative affect group exhibited almost no halo effects rating the two equally. Researchers concluded that impression formation is improved by negative affect. Their findings support theories that negative affect results in more elaborate processing based upon external, available information.
Fundamental Attribution Error.
The systematic, attentive approach caused by negative affect reduces fundamental attribution error, the tendency to inaccurately attribute behavior to a person’s internal character without taking external, situational factors into account. The fundamental attribution error (FAE) is connected with positive affect since it occurs when people use top-down cognitive processing based on inferences. Negative affect stimulates bottom-up, systematic analysis that reduces fundamental attribution error. 
This effect is documented in FAE research in which students evaluated a fake debater on attitude and likability based on an essay the "debater" wrote. After being sorted into positive or negative affect groups, participants read one of two possible essays arguing for one side or another on a highly controversial topic. Participants were informed that the debater was assigned a stance to take in the essay that did not necessarily reflect his views. Still, the positive affect groups rated debaters who argued unpopular views as holding the same attitude expressed in the essay. They were also rated as unlikeable compared to debaters with popular stances, thus, demonstrating FAE. In contrast, the data for the negative affect group displayed no significant difference in ratings for debaters with popular stance and debaters with unpopular stances. These results indicate that positive affect assimilation styles promote fundamental attribution error, and negative affect accommodation styles minimize the error in respect to judging people.
Stereotyping.
Negative affect benefits judgment in diminishing the implicit use of stereotypes by promoting closer attention to stimuli. In one study, participants were less likely to discriminate against targets that appeared Muslim when in a negative affective state. After organizing participants into positive and negative affect groups, researchers had them play a computer game. Participants had to make rapid decisions to shoot only at targets carrying a gun. Some of the targets wore turbans making them appear Muslim. As expected, there was a significant bias against Muslim targets resulting in a tendency to shoot at them. However, this tendency decreased with subjects in negative affective states. Positive affect groups developed more aggressive tendencies toward Muslims. Researchers concluded that negative affect leads to less reliance on internal stereotypes, thus decreasing judgmental bias.
Gullibility.
Multiple studies have shown that negative affectivity has a beneficial role in increasing skepticism and decreasing gullibility. Because negative affective states increase external analysis and attention to details, people in negative states are better able to detect deception.
Researchers have presented findings in which students in negative affective states had improved lie detection compared to students in positive affective states. In a study, students watched video clips of everyday people either lying or telling the truth. First, music was used to induce positive, negative, or neutral affect in participants. Then, experimenters played 14 video messages that had to be identified by participants as true or false. As expected, the negative affect group performed better in veracity judgments than the positive affect group who performed no better than chance. Researchers believe that the negative affect groups detected deception more successfully because they attended to stimulus details and systematically built inferences from those details.
Memory.
Memory has been found to have many failures that effect the accuracy of recalled memories. This has been especially pragmatic in criminal settings as eyewitness memories have been found to be less reliable than one would hope. However, the externally focused and accommodative processing of negative affect has a positive effect on the overall improvement of memory. This evidenced by reduction of the misinformation effect and the number of false memories reported. The knowledge implies that negative affect can be used to enhance eyewitness memory; however, additional research suggests that the extent to which memory is improved by negative affect does not sufficiently improvement eyewitness testimonies to significantly reduce its error. 
Misinformation Effect.
Negative Affect has been shown to decrease susceptibility of incorporating misleading information, which is related to the misinformation effect. The misinformation effect refers to the finding that misleading information presented between the encoding of an event and its subsequent recall influences a witness's memory. This corresponds to two types of memory failure:
In Witness of Events.
Negative mood is shown to decrease suggestibility error. This is seen through reduced amounts of incorporation of false memories when misleading information is present. On the other hand, positive affect has shown to increase susceptibility to misleading information. An experiment with undergraduate students supported these results. Participants began the study in a lecture hall and witnessed what they thought was an unexpected five-minute belligerent encounter between an intruder and the lecturer. A week later, these participants watched a 10 minute long video that generated either a positive, negative or neutral mood. They then completed a brief questionnaire about the previous incident between the intruder and lecturer that they witnessed the week earlier. In this questionnaire half of the participants received questions with misleading information and the other half received questions without any misleading information. This manipulation was used to determine if participants were susceptible to suggestibility failure. After 45 minutes of unrelated distractors participants were given a set of true or false questions which tested for false memories. Participants experiencing negative moods reported fewer numbers of false memories, whereas those experiencing positive moods reported a greater amount of false memories. This implies that positive affect promotes integration of misleading details and negative affect reduces the misinformation effect.
In Recall of Past Public Events.
People who experience negative affectivity following an event report fewer reconstructive false memories. This was evidenced by two studies conducted around public events. The first surrounded the events of the televised O.J. Simpson trial. Participants were asked to fill out questionnaires three times: one week, two months and a year after the televised verdict. These questionnaires measured participant emotion towards the verdict and the accuracy of their recalled memory of what occurred during the trial. Overall the study found that although participant response to the event outcome did not affect the quantity of remembered information, it did influence the likelihood of false memory. Participants who were pleased with the verdict of the O.J. Simpson trial were more likely to falsely believe something occurred during the trial than those who were displeased with the verdict. Another experiment found the same findings with Red Sox fans and Yankees fans in their overall memory of events that occurred in the final game of a 2004 playoff series in which the Red Sox defeated the Yankees. The study found that the Yankees fans had better memory of events that occurred than the Red Sox fans. The results from both of these experiments are consistent with the findings that negative emotion can lead to fewer memory errors and thus increased memory accuracy of events.
Degree of Enhanced Memory.
Although negative affect has been shown to decrease the misinformation effect, the degree to which memory is improved is not enough to make a significant effect on witness testimony. In fact, emotions, including negative affect, are shown to reduce accuracy in identifying perpetrators from photographic lineups. Researchers demonstrated this effect in an experiment in which participants watched a video that induced either negative emotion or a neutral mood. The two videos were deliberately similar except for the action of interest, which was either a mugging (negative emotion) or a conversation (neutral emotion). After watching one of the two videos participants are shown perpetrator lineups, which either contained the target perpetrator from the video or a foil, a person that looked similar to the target. The results revealed that the participants who watched the emotion-induced video were more likely to incorrectly identify the innocent foil than to correctly identify the perpetrator. Neutral participants were more likely to correctly identify the perpetrator in comparison to their emotional counterparts. This demonstrates that emotional affect in forensic settings decreases accuracy of eyewitness memory. These findings are consistent with prior knowledge that stress and emotion greatly impair eyewitness ability to recognitive perpetrators.
Interpersonal Benefits.
Negative affectivity can produce several interpersonal benefits. It can cause subjects to be more polite and considerate with others. Unlike positive mood, which causes less assertive approaches, negative affectivity can, in many ways, cause a person to be more polite and elaborate when making requests.
Negative affectivity increases the accuracy of social perceptions and inferences. Specifically high negative affectivity people have more negative, but accurate perceptions of the impression they make to others. People with low negative affectivity form overly positive , potentially inaccurate impression of others that can led to misplaced trust. 
Intergroup Discrimination.
A research conducted by Forgas J.P studied how affectivity can influence intergroup discrimination. He measured affectivity by how people allocate rewards to in-group and out-group members. In the procedure, participants had to describe their interpretations after looking at patterns of judgments about people. Afterwards participants where exposed to a mood induction process, where they had to watch videotapes designed to elicit negative or positive affectivity. Results showed that participants with positive affectivity were more negative and discriminated more than participants with negative affectivity. Also happy participants were more likely to discriminate between in-group and out-group members than sad participants. 
Communication.
Negative affectivity subconsciously signals a challenging social environment.
Negative mood may increase a tendency to conform to social norms. .
In a study, college students where exposed to a mood induction process. After the mood induction process, participants were required to watch a show with positive and negative elements. After watching the show, they were asked to engage on a hypothetical conversation in which they "describe the episode (they) just observed to a friend". Their speech was recorded and transcribed during this task. Results showed that speakers in a negative mood had a better quality descriptions and greater amount of information and details. These results show that negative mood can improve people's communication skills.
Self-Disclosure.
Researchers studied mood effects on self-disclosure. Students were subjected to an audiovisual mood induction process. Afterwards they were asked to produce five self-disclosing messages to describe themselves to another person. Results show that participants with negative affectivity were more careful with the information they shared with others, being more cautious with who they could trust or not. Researchers found that negative mood not only decreases intimacy levels but also increases caution in placing trust in others.
References.
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="19471959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471959" title="Con Mis Propias Manos">
Con Mis Propias Manos

Con Mis Propias Manos (Eng.: "With My Own Hands") is the title of a studio album released by Mexican-American performer Lupillo Rivera. This album became his second number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard
DVD tracklisting.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="19471961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471961" title="Feldflieger Abteilung">
Feldflieger Abteilung

Feldflieger Abteilung "(FFA)" or "Field Flying Companies" were the pioneering field aviation units of the Luftstreitkräfte (German air service) in World War I. 
Composition.
The use of aircraft as a tactical reconnaissance tool was established by the German Army in its annual exercise in June 1911. Early usage was limited to providing post-flight situation reports. At the start of World War I, there were thirty-three units, comprising one allocated to each of the eight Army Headquarters and one to each of the twenty-five regular Corps Headquarters. Each unit, having a designation number usually matching that of the army group it was assigned to, was equipped with either six Idflieg Category A (unarmed monoplane) or Category B (unarmed biplane) two-seater aircraft. By March 1915 the number of Feldflieger Abteilung had doubled and separate specialist fighter and bomber units, known as Jastas and Kampfgeschwader, respectively, were being developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19471969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471969" title="Desert View High School">
Desert View High School

Desert View High School is a public high school located in southern Tucson, Arizona approximately 1 mile west of I-10 and Valencia Road.
History.
Desert View High School opened in 1987 with 9th, 10th and 11th grade classes.
Departments of instruction.
Desert View offers these classes for class credits or elective credit:
Courses for college credit.
The following courses are offered at Desert View for concurrent enrollment through Pima Community College:
Honors courses.
Desert View offers a comprehensive college preparatory program. In the freshman year, students are encouraged to take the Freshman Honors Block, designed for college-bound students. Freshman English and World Cultures are interwoven to reinforce critical reading, writing and thinking strategies. Honors Biology is also offered to freshmen. Sophomores are encouraged to continue their preparation through honors courses in English and World History.
Career and Technology Education.
In addition to AFJROTC, Desert View provides opportunities in five career pathways:
Technology.
Desert View boasts a ratio of one computer to every two students. In addition, there are six computer labs, a multimedia production lab, 90 laptops set up as PLATO Learning Centers, as well as 13 student computers in the Learning Resource Center.
Digital Advantage.
The Digital Advantage is an educational program in the Sunnyside Unified district that allows students in the district to earn free brand new laptops. With many sponsors such as Cox Cable, provided the money and support to do this. The Sunnyside Unified School District Governing Board Members required that all freshmen must achieve what's called the 4 A's:
Only 2 cohort classes were awarded free laptops ranging from 2 years that this program has begun. The first class was 2012 following the Class of 2013. Both events took place at Centennial Hall at The University of Arizona.
Digital Advantage Scholars.
The Digital Advantage Scholars program is similar to the Digital Advantage but the Digital Advantage Scholars laptops are provided to only grades 10, 11 and 12. The requirements are stricter, with the minimum GPA set at 3.5.
Pride of the Jaguars Marching Band.
Desert View's Pride of the Jaguars Marching Band is a Division I band consisting of over 100 members every season in the last four years. The band is currently under the direction of Aimee Wallace. The Pride of the Jaguars has competed in events throughout the state of Arizona, earning Superior ratings at U of A Band Day at the University of Arizona and at the ABODA (Arizona Band and Orchestra Directors Association) Festiv al. The band was then eligible to compete at the ABODA State Championship, being the first and only Tucson band in Division I to do so. They placed 10th in Division I.
Field shows.
Under Mr. Zuniga:
Under Aimee Wallace:

</doc>
<doc id="19471982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471982" title="What If We">
What If We

What If We is the second studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath. It was released on August 19, 2008 through Provident Label Group. The album debuted at #73 on the "Billboard" 200. During mid and late 2008, the album's first single "Give Me Your Eyes" stayed at number 1 on "R&R"'s Christian CHR format for thirteen consecutive weeks, and was the second most played song of 2008 for the same format. The album received a Grammy Award nomination in 2009 for Best Pop Gospel Album.
Background.
Before the record's release, there was originally a batch of 40 songs prepared as possible tracks. Brandon Heath said that he and producer Dan Muckala worked closely together in the process of deciding the final 11-track list; "I'll always love the ones that got left behind too, and who knows—they may make the next record", he says.
Release.
"What If We" was released on August 19, 2008 through the Provident Label Group in the United States. It debuted at #73 on the "Billboard" 200, being his first album to chart on the "200". It also debuted at #3 on Nielsen SoundScan's chart for Christian albums, selling over 7,100 copies in the first week.
The album's first single "Give Me Your Eyes" was released in July 2008. In its first week of online release the song made nearly 6,000 downloads. By the second week, another 6,700 copies were sold. "Give Me Your Eyes" stayed at number 1 on the iTunes top Christian songs chart from July through February for 7 consecutive months, achieving more than 70,000 digital downloads by September 2008. In early 2009, "Wait and See" was released as the album's second single. It reached number 5 on "Billboard"'s Hot Christian Songs chart by August 2009.
Music and lyrical themes.
The single "Give Me Your Eyes" has been compared to Mat Kearney's musical style, described by "Christianity Today" as "joining acoustic pop with a slight hip-hop shuffle", its lyrics being inspired by "people-watching at an airport – pleading for God's insight and compassion when viewing others".
Critical review.
Farias of Allmusic notes that this album seeks answers, but "is far from having all the answers -- and for that matter, it's all too staid to reinvent the CCM wheel -- but it's likable and faith-assuring enough to further establish Heath as a singer/songwriter on the rise."
Cartwright of CCM Magazine stated that "just the title alone will pique the curiosity of any seeker, eager to run with Brandon after the elusive. Mr. Heath doesn’t disappoint, striking all the right chords on this, his sophomore effort." Also, Cartwright noted this album as being an "endearing 11-song journey, replete with fanciful arrangements, lyrical imagination and an authentic vocal that makes every step a joy."
Hellman of Christian Music Review gave the idea this album "wouldn’t sit atop my favorite albums list, it was a solid 40 minutes of time well spent."
Breimeier of Christianity Today alluded to this album as sending Heath "well on the way toward developing his likable sound and relatable personality into rewarding songcraft".
Bridge of Cross Rhythms said this album by Heath "asks the question of Christians to see what Jesus sees in our world today so we can act. In 11 beautifully crafted pop songs Heath challenges Christians to change the world."
Mabee of Jesus Freak Hideout talked about "if you enjoyed Brandon Heath’s debut, are a fan of Mat Kearney or Matthew West, or you’re simply looking for a feel-good, melody-driven record, pick up What If We. While the singer/songwriter’s debut was powerful and impressive, his second outing is definitely one that you’ll be playing long after the summer is over."
Watson of Jesus Freak Hideout noted that this album "takes the best aspects of his debut and builds on them."
Davies of Louder Than the Music said of Heath's second album that it "isn't bad with its observational lyrics and same style acoustic guitar, sadly that style becomes tiresome." Furthermore, Davies alluded to the album as containing "highlights and some great points, but after a listen through there wasn't much that drew me back for a second listen."
Davis of New Release Tuesday noted that Heath's work is a "great 2nd album and a slight improvement in my opinion, which is refreshing."
Nathan of New Release Tuesday gave this album "a pretty solid effort all around, as there is a nice mix of emotional and inspirational pop and adult contemporary. His ballads are strong but there is nothing really exceptional musically. Good lyrics abound and Brandon Heath succeeds with his questions and ahis sophomore piece".
Dickinson of The Phantom Tollbooth envisioned this album as being "a huge step forward for Brandon Heath. He's a maturing artist that continues to prepare himself for even bigger successes."

</doc>
<doc id="19471987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19471987" title="Karate International Council of Kickboxing">
Karate International Council of Kickboxing

The Karate International Council of Kickboxing (KICK) is a sanctioning body that regulates kickboxing matches. It is considered among the more prestigious organizations that sanction professional kickboxing.
KICK was organized in 1982 by Frank Babcock, Fred Wren, Larry Caster, Bob Wall and Roy Kurban, with martial arts icon Chuck Norris serving as a goodwill ambassador. It grew into one of the largest kickboxing organizations of the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="19472007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472007" title="1981 British Speedway League">
1981 British Speedway League

Final table.
M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19472048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472048" title="HEAT repeat domain">
HEAT repeat domain

The HEAT repeat domain is a solenoid protein domain found in a number of cytoplasmic proteins including the four that the give rise to the acronym HEAT (Huntingtin, elongation factor 3 (EF3), protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A), and the yeast kinase TOR1). HEAT repeats form a rod-like helical structures which are involved in intracellular transport.

</doc>
<doc id="19472061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472061" title="Poppoli Pictures">
Poppoli Pictures

Poppoli Pictures is an Icelandic Production Company and Distributor founded by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson.
Films

</doc>
<doc id="19472063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472063" title="Nitkie (psychobilly band)">
Nitkie (psychobilly band)

Nitkie is a psychobilly band from Republic of Belarus, now based in Saint-Petersburg, Russia. The band is first and only psychobilly band in Republic of Belarus, and it is one of the most known psychobilly bands of the post-Soviet space.
Style.
Musically, Nitkie's style is rooted in the psychobilly, indie and experimental genres, but their songs also contain elements of punk, hardcore and surf music. At times, the band uses Hammond organ, while at other times, the band chooses to use the guitar, bass, and acoustic drum configuration characteristic of rock music. The band also utilizes keyboards in much of its music. Lyrically, the band with horror-romantic and/or suspense lyrics that rely awfully on imagery. The band verses are inspired by Alfred Hitchcock's movies and art of German expressionism.
Career.
Band was formed in 1996 in the city of Vitebsk (the homeland of Marc Chagall and Kazimir Malevich), Belarus and is the first and for today unique group in Belarus, playing psychobilly which has received popularity in the post-Soviet space and abroad. Band members of that time are:
Right after creations of the first concert program in 1996, Nitkie start to go on tour actively, participate in republican competitions and telecasts.
In 1999 the first concert outside of Belarus, in Moscow has taken place. Warm reception of the Moscow psychobilly fans has charged energy of members of the band for a long time and on arrival back to Vitebsk has been written down EP "ХХХ", including three toothscratching hits. In 2000 - 2001 Nitkie band periodically acts in Russia and participates in following compilations:
CD “High Voltage 2-3” (Black Sky Rec., Germany)
CD “Psychoburg. The Happy End” (Kap-Кan Rec., Russia)
CD “Klaustrofobia” (Aist Rec., Belarus)
CD “the Russian punk bombardment – 2” (NeuroEmpire Rec., Russia)
CD “Psychobilly Frenzy” (Downer Rec., Japan)
MC “Blow Up This Town, vol. 1” (BUTT Rec., Belarus)
In March, 2003 on a Petersburg label of Kap-Kan Records the debut album which has received the name "Twelve Radio Knives" is released. It has 12 compositions one of which - Nitkie Is Here - was devoted to the company of adherents Moscow Psychobilly Crew . In 2005 the Russian label FCR (St.-Petersburg) has let out the second LP of Nitkie "Rita Gerro’s Head". The CD includes new tunes, covers, a remix from dj Zhukov and the cover-version of a song of Batmobile (band) published in Japan on the worldwide compilation “Tribute To Batmobile, vol. 2”. The edition had a multimedia bonus with texts of songs, the additional information and five videoclips including two short movies of Kings of Saspens independent film group. The Recording of the album has been made at studio BUTT records.
In 2003 the leader of band Sergey Dosuzhev decides to replace a constant residence and moves in Saint-Petersburg (Russia). At last, after long searches of musicians, in 2007 it completes new stuff of Nitkie band:
In present time band actively goes on tour and prepares for record the new CD under the working name "Disco Rebels".

</doc>
<doc id="19472080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472080" title="1982 British Speedway League">
1982 British Speedway League

M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19472087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472087" title="Friedrich Sigismund Leuckart">
Friedrich Sigismund Leuckart

Friedrich Andreas Sigismund Leuckart (26 August 1794 – 25 August 1843) was a German doctor and naturalist.
He was born in Helmstedt in Lower Saxony and studied medicine at the University of Göttingen. From 1816 he made several voyages of exploration.
In 1823 he was appointed Privatdozent at the University of Heidelberg and taught comparative anatomy, zoology and veterinary science starting in 1829. In 1832 he moved to Freiburg and continued his teaching there.
He wrote notable works on marine invertebrates, in particular "Versuch einer naturgemaessen Eintheilung der Helminthen" ("Towards a natural taxonomy of the helminths", 1827) and "Einleitung in die Allgemeinen Naturgeschichte" ("Introduction to general natural history", 1832).
He is commemorated by the parasitic worm species "Calliobothrium leuckartii" van Beneden, 1850. 
He was the uncle of the zoologist Rudolf Leuckart (1822–1898).

</doc>
<doc id="19472092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472092" title="Dogzilla">
Dogzilla

Dogzilla is a duo of dance music musicians from the United Kingdom. The group has had four major releases since 2003 and is composed of Simon Patterson and Richie Kayvan, both based in London. They are most famous for their single "Without You" which charted in numerous countries, including Finland where it reached the number 11 spot. The song also appeared on many respected compilation albums such as Dave Pearce Dance Anthem Classics and former world #1 DJ Paul Van Dyk picked it as his track of the year. Their eponymously titled debut featured in the cult Brit flick 'The Football Factory'.
By day Simon works as A&R for Judge Jules and is also resident at Serious @ The Cross, whilst Richie is currently producing a major new band for V2 records.
In 2008 Simon Patterson left the project, essentially leading to its stop

</doc>
<doc id="19472119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472119" title="Krishnankutty Poduval">
Krishnankutty Poduval

Kalamandalam Krishnankutty Poduval (1924-1992) was a self-taught maestro of Kathakali percussion who excelled in the art of chenda playing by redefining its aesthetics as an audio accompaniment for the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India.
Poduval, who was born in the Kathakali village of Vellinezhi in Palakkad district, was groomed in chenda playing by legendary Moothamana Kesavan Namboodiri and Pattikkamthodi Ravunni Menon, in whose classrooms he underwent training in playing the percussion instrument. He had earlier received basic training in chenda under Chamrankulangara Appu Marar.
Poduval has been credited with lending audio support on the chenda to emotional scenes on the Kathakali stage. His art, in tandem with the late maddalam maestro Kalamandalam Appukutty Poduval, won wide appreciation from audiences. Together, they used to prop up the performance of the renowned master, Padma Bhushan Kalamandalam Ramankutty Nair.
Krishnankutty Poduval, a winner of the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi award, groomed several disciples at Kerala Kalamandalam from where he retired as professor in the late 1980s. They include Ayamkudi Kuttappa Marrar, Kalamandalam Krishnadas, and the late Kalamandalam Kesavan.His main disciples are considered to be Ayamkudi Kuttappa Marrar and Kalamandalam Kesavan. 
Krishnankutty Poduval, a mercurial genius, had more than once quit Kalamandalam following differences with its authorities. During such breaks, he used to also work with Gandhi Seva Sadan Kathakali Akademi.
Poduval died on October 14, 1992, in an Ernakulam hospital following an acute liver problem.
In May 2008, his alma mater brought out a book "Melapperukkam" carrying the complete written works of Kalamandalam Krishnankutty Poduval.
Two of Poduval's sons are artistes in the field of Kathakali. Kalamandalam Mohanakrishnan is a musician, while Kalamandalam Vijayakrishnan is a chenda player.

</doc>
<doc id="19472141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472141" title="Mohamed Chikoto">
Mohamed Chikoto

Mohamed Francisco Chikoto (born 28 February 1989) is a Nigerien football player, who currently plays for Tunisian club AS Marsa.
Career.
He played previously with the number 3 on the shirt for Sahel SC and joined in August 2011 to Platinum Stars F.C. in the South African Premier Soccer League.
In August 2012, Chikoto joined Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side AS Marsa.
International.
He is a member of the Niger national football team. He scored one of the 2 crucial goals against Guinea, that helped Niger qualify to African Nations Cup 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19472144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472144" title="1983 British Speedway League">
1983 British Speedway League

M = Matches; W = Wins; D = Draws; L = Losses; Pts = Total Points

</doc>
<doc id="19472154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472154" title="Thiago Jotta da Silva">
Thiago Jotta da Silva

Thiago Jotta da Silva (died September 24, 2008) was a Brazilian football player for Estácio de Sá (at the time of his death) and Vasco de Gama.
Death.
On September 24, 2008, Silva died at the Salgado Filho Hospital in the Méier area in Rio de Janeiro six days after receiving mortal wounds from a kidnapping and torture incident. Police arrested Silva's ex-girlfriend, Aline de Pádua (also written as Alyne Padula), and Padula's aunt, Márcia Pádua Viana (also written as Marcia Padula Viana), in connection with the crime. Three men, including a member of the military police, were friends of Márcia Pádua. The men shot Thiago Jotta da Silva when he tried to escape the attackers, he was 25.

</doc>
<doc id="19472164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472164" title="Jonah and the Pink Whale">
Jonah and the Pink Whale

Jonah and the Pink Whale () is a 1995 Bolivian Film directed by Juan Carlos Valdivia. The film is based on the 1987 novel by José Wolfango Montes Vannuci The film focuses on the relationship of Jonas, a photographer and his romantic relationship with his sister-in-law.
"Jonah and the Pink Whale" was the Bolivian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film competition in the 68th Academy Awards, but it did not receive an Oscar nomination.

</doc>
<doc id="19472181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472181" title="Milan Janković (footballer born 1984)">
Milan Janković (footballer born 1984)

Milan Janković (born April 13, 1984) is a Bosnian footballer. He plays for Bulgarian side PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra. His former club is SKN St. Pölten. Janković is a left attacking midfielder. He signed with Lokomotiv in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19472186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472186" title="Shooting at the 2005 Mediterranean Games">
Shooting at the 2005 Mediterranean Games

The Shooting Competition at the 2005 Mediterranean Games was held in the "Mediterranean Games Shooting Centre" in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19472191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472191" title="Kader Amadou">
Kader Amadou

Kader Amadou Dodo (born 5 April 1989 in Niamey ) is a Nigerien football player, who currently plays for Olympic F.C. 
Career.
In November 2010 Amadou Kader left ASFAN and signed for Cotonsport FC de Garoua. From 2011/12 season he plays in Olympic F.C. again. He is right-footed, 185 cm tall and has 75 kg.
International career.
Kader plays for the Niger national football team. He was part of the team in World Cup 2010 qualifiers, and 2012 African Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19472223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472223" title="Romania–Turkey relations">
Romania–Turkey relations

Romanian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Romania and Turkey. The two countries maintain longstanding historical, geographic, and cultural relations. Romania has an embassy in Ankara and two consulates-general in Istanbul and İzmir. Turkey has an embassy in Bucharest and a consulate-general in Constanţa. Both countries are full members of the BLACKSEAFOR and BSEC.

</doc>
<doc id="19472231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472231" title="Bernard Chouet">
Bernard Chouet

Bernard A. Chouet (born 1945) is a geophysicist who specializes in volcanic seismology. He discovered that volcanic eruptions could be predicted by observing the frequency of certain seismic waves that are generated by volcanoes.
Background.
Bernard Chouet was born on October 14, 1945 in Nyon, Switzerland. In 1968 he received a diploma in electrical engineering from the Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, Switzerland. After graduation, he worked briefly at a Swiss robotics laboratory. Seeking an opportunity to do research in robotics, he subsequently worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT); specifically, at the Man-Vehicle Laboratory in the Center for Space Research, which was doing research for NASA’s Apollo program to land men on the Moon. However, when NASA’s budget was reduced, he was free to pursue other interests. As a teenager, he had become interested in volcanoes. So, after completing a master of science degree in aeronautics and astronautics at MIT in 1972, he pursued studies in geophysics. His ambition was to use seismology to predict the behavior of volcanoes. In 1973 he received a master of science degree in earth and planetary sciences from MIT, and in 1976 he received a Ph.D. in geophysics from MIT. From 1976 to 1983 he worked as a research associate in MIT’s Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences. Since 1983 he has worked for the U.S. Geological Survey in Menlo Park, California — first in its Office of Earthquakes, Volcanoes, and Engineering, and then as a member of its Volcano Hazards Team. Bernard Chouet is married to Paula Dickson; the couple have one son.
Prediction of volcanic eruptions.
Since 1977, Chouet’s colleague Keiiti Aki had been developing mathematical models of magma-filled fractures in volcanoes, in order to determine what seismic waves would be produced by such fractures. Since 1985 Chouet himself had also been developing models of such fractures. The turning point in Chouet’s research occurred in 1986, when Chouet examined the seismic records of the 1985 eruption of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano in Colombia. In the seismic records, he found that so-called “B-type events” or “long-period events” had occurred with increasing frequency prior to the eruption. (“Long-period events” are the records of seismic waves that are produced by volcanic fluids surging through fissures in a volcano — a phenomenon similar to water hammer.) Chouet then used the occurrence of long-period events to predict the 1989 and 1990 eruptions of Mount Redoubt in Alaska and the 1993 eruption of Galeras in Colombia. In 2000, Mexican officials used Chouet’s methods to predict the eruption of Popocatépetl in Mexico. (For further information, see Wikipedia's entry: Prediction of volcanic activity .)

</doc>
<doc id="19472261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472261" title="Pingguoyuan Station">
Pingguoyuan Station

Pingguoyuan Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. It is the western terminus of Line 1. The name literally translates to 'Garden Of Apple'. It opened October 1, 1969 and is one of the subway's original stations.

</doc>
<doc id="19472266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472266" title="List group label strategy">
List group label strategy

Background.
List, Group, Label, or LGL, is a prereading strategy designed to help students make connections to prior knowledge. LGL was designed to help teachers activate students’ schema in regards to a particular concept, to improve existing vocabulary, to organize verbal concepts, and to remember new vocabulary. LGL was introduced by Hilda Taba in her book, "Teachers’ Handbook to Elementary Social Studies" (1967). The rationale for using this strategy is based on the idea that categorizing words will help students organize new words and concepts in relation to already known words/concepts. Students’ activation of prior knowledge then aids them in making inferences and elaborations that could lead to deeper understanding of texts. LGL was originally used to aid students in remembering technical vocabulary in social studies and science. Many teachers also use it in other curriculums to help students focus on background knowledge.
Classroom procedure.
"List." The first step is to produce a list of words that are associated with a particular concept that will be studied. Before beginning the new topic in a given subject, the teacher selects a one- or two-word concept and displays it (e.g. on board, whiteboard, overhead, etc.). Example concepts are: earthquakes, The Civil War, community, Edgar Allan Poe. Next, the class brainstorms words and phrases that are related to the given topic. The teacher records between 25 and 40 of the students’ responses on the board. The teacher might ask that each student offer at least one word or phrase to ensure each student connects with background knowledge. After the list has been generated, the teacher reads it aloud to the class. The students will now have seen the correct spelling of the word and heard its correct pronunciation.
"Group." The second step of the LGL strategy is to group the words and phrases into categories. Students look for common elements of the words to form the categories. These similarities might include similar meanings, parts of speech, etc. Some teachers find it helpful to set parameters for organizing, such as the number of words in a group and the number of groups. For example, a teacher may want at least three words in a group, with a maximum of eight groups. Teachers find that such parameters help students to look more deeply at the words and decide if a word should be categorized in a particular group. Some teachers also allow students to keep a ‘miscellaneous’ group for words they are unsure of. Students can use a variety of groupings, and they will be asked to tell why the words belong in the group they are in.
"Label." The last step of the LGL strategy is to label the categories. After the original list of words has been categorized by the students, they are asked to label each category with a title that connects all words within the particular group. The labels are then shared with the whole class, and each group of students is asked to give reason for organizing and labeling the words in that particular way.
Teacher's Role.
The teacher is a guide to scaffolding students’ learning in several ways throughout in the LGL strategy. First, the teacher asks students to recall words and phrases that are associated with the given concept. Then, the teacher writes and reads the list of words generated, modeling the appropriate spelling and pronunciation. The teacher might also call attention to features of given words, such as root words or prefixes/suffixes, or to clarify a word’s meaning. Finally, the teacher facilitates discussion of the relationships between the words and phrases as students group the words. The teacher might also, in later use, add in some confusing terms for the students to discover. If the students are unable to see how these newly introduced words fit, the teacher can use this information to assess what needs additional instruction and what the students are comfortable with. When first introducing the LGL strategy to students, the teacher might model the process or parts of the process to scaffold students’ understanding. For instance, the teacher might have a list of words regarding another topic, form a group from the list, and label the group, telling why s/he chose that label.
Additional Use.
The LGL strategy was originally designed for and is often used to introduce vocabulary. Some teachers also use the LGL strategy to help struggling readers who either lack prior knowledge about a topic, or who might associate incorrect or irrelevant knowledge with the given subject. The LGL is then used by teachers to fill in the students’ missing information and focus them on prior knowledge that is relevant to the topic.
References.
Boling, C., & Evans, W. (2008). Reading success in the secondary classroom. "Preventing School Failure, 52(2)", 59-66. 
Massey, D. D., & Heafner, T. L. (2004). Promoting reading comprehension in social studies. "Journal of Adolescent & Adult Literacy, 48(1)", 26-40.
Taba, H. (1967). "Teachers' handbook for elementary social studies". Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley Publishing Co., Inc.
[http://www.justreadnow.com/strategies/list.htm]
[http://www.nevadareading.org/resourcecenter/newsletters/spring2004.attachment/464/LGL__1_.doc]

</doc>
<doc id="19472267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472267" title="Austrian Cultural Forum New York">
Austrian Cultural Forum New York

The Austrian Cultural Forum New York is one of Austria’s two cultural representation offices in the United States (the other is in Washington D.C.). It is part of the worldwide network of Austrian Cultural Forums of the Austrian Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs.
History.
The Austrian Cultural Forum New York was founded in New York in 1942 by Austrian emigrants as the “Austrian Institute” for the purpose of preserving and disseminating Austrian culture. One of the leading figures of that time was emigree Irene Harand. In 1963, it opened offices at its current location, 11 East 52nd Street, in Manhattan as the official cultural representation office of the Austrian Federal government. In 2002, the institution, now called the Austrian Cultural Forum, moved into a new building at the same address. The Cultural Forum is a division of the Austrian consulate in New York and since September 1, 2007, has been headed by Andreas Stadler. His predecessors include Christoph Thun-Hohenstein, Wolfgang Waldner, Peter Marboe, Fritz Cocron, and Wilhelm Schlag.
Building.
Architect Raimund Abraham was the winner among 226 submissions in a competition held in 1992 to choose a design for the ACF’s new building. Completed in 2002, the building is situated on a plot in Manhattan that is only wide and deep. It is considered as an architectural anomaly because despite its small footprint it is 24 stories and tall. The building’s facade is clad in glass and aluminum and gradually tapers to a narrow point as the building slants upwards. The structure is regarded as one of the most interesting architectural projects in recent New York history. It houses exhibition spaces, a theater, a library for books and audio recordings, offices, seminar and reception rooms, and apartments for the officers of the institution.
Activities.
Since its founding, the ACF has served as a place for cultural exchange between Austrians and Americans and introduces Austrian artists at venues all over the USA. It is responsible for cultural and academic cooperation throughout the United States of America, with the exception of Washington D.C., which has its own cultural forum under the auspices of the Austrian Embassy. It organizes its own events and promotes collaborative efforts with various cultural institutions in the USA, with an emphasis on contemporary, artistic, sociopolitical, and academic subjects.
Events
Exhibitions and events.
In the ACF building, five floors are used as exhibition space for predominantly contemporary art, generally presented in the context of three major thematic exhibitions per year. Smaller, event-type installations take place in between.
Concerts and performances are presented either in the in-house auditorium or at various venues in New York. Outside performances are organized in cooperation with American partner institutions, and have included concerts at Carnegie Hall and Judson Memorial Church.
Among other events, Moving Patterns, an electronic music festival first staged in spring 2005, introduces Austrian electronic and experimental musicians in the USA and is considered an important contribution to the electronica scene. The ACF regularly screens films on Austrian subjects or by Austrian filmmakers as part of a year-round series and also shows films in special screenings in the context of other events organized by the Cultural Forum. Activities of the Austrian Cultural Forum in New York also include a variety of podium discussions, readings, and book presentations.
Library.
The ACF Library is located on Levels 4 and 5 of the building and has a collection of more than 10,000 books relating to Austrian art and culture. The Library is currently being digitized; titles already catalogued can be searched online through the system of the Austrian Association of Libraries.
The staff of the Austrian Cultural Forum in New York are available to Austrian and American artists and academics for consulting and network services relating to their respective areas of specialization.

</doc>
<doc id="19472271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472271" title="The CEO Show with Robert Reiss">
The CEO Show with Robert Reiss

The CEO Show with Robert Reiss is a national US 19-minute interview format radio program in which Robert Reiss interviews Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of companies. The purpose of the show is to share business practices.
History.
The program was first shown in Greenwich, Connecticut from WGCH AM radio in April 2007, and expanded to a national format in September of the same year. The CEO Show is broadcast nationally out of 40 cities including Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, the New York Metropolitan area, Las Vegas and, San Diego "BTRN" and "LTRN" networks ("Business Talk Radio Network" and "Lifestyle Talk Radio Network"). Interview podcasts are available online at The CEO Show Online website.
In March 2011, The CEO Show expanded to The CEO Show Minute, a 1 minute 30 second 'best of' show transmitted over 3000 times a week. 
The CEO Show is expanded in Reiss' monthly column with Forbes.com. The CEO Show also publishes "The CEO Forum", a quarterly magazine with ten CEO interviews per quarter. Reiss also produces "The CEO TV Show"in a pan-Internet/mobile telephone format, where Reiss interviews the CEOs considered most innovative.
Cast.
Reiss is chairman of The Conference Board's Senior Marketing Executive Conference, which was ranked fourth C-Suite venue globally in Weber Shandwick's annual evaluation for 2009.
Robert G. Reiss was cited in "The Harvard Business Review" as "an expert in executive communications”. He is also president of Reissource LLC, a consultancy on customer service strategy.
Interviews.
Executives interviewed on The CEO Show include:

</doc>
<doc id="19472278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472278" title="Gucheng Station">
Gucheng Station

Gucheng Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. It is situated in Shijingshan District and is the second westernmost station in operation on the line.
The station is formerly known as "Guchenglu Station".

</doc>
<doc id="19472296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472296" title="Bajiao Amusement Park Station">
Bajiao Amusement Park Station

Bajiao Amusement Park Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. It is near Beijing Shijingshan Amusement Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19472300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472300" title="Choi Yeon-Ho">
Choi Yeon-Ho

Choi Yeon-Ho (born May 4, 1981) is a South Korean taekwondo practitioner. 
He is a four-time world finweight (-54 kg) champion, and won gold in flyweight (-58 kg) at the 2006 World Cup Taekwondo. However, he has not participated in any Olympics yet, since South Korea does not send an athlete in the -58 kg class.

</doc>
<doc id="19472310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472310" title="Kausea Natano">
Kausea Natano

Kausea Natano is a Tuvaluan politician. He currently serves as MP for Funafuti, having also served as the country's Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Communications in former Prime Minister Willy Telavi's Cabinet.
Political career.
Natano has been elected multiple times to the Parliament of Tuvalu.
Before the 2006 election, he had been a member of the opposition, but with the changes in the parliament's membership, he had hopes of forming a new coalition of supporters.
He was one of seven members re-elected in the 2006 election, in which he received 340 votes. He serves as MP for Funafuti, the country's capital, along with Kamuta Latasi, who was also re-elected in 2006. Following the election, he was appointed Minister for Public Utilities and Industries in Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia's Cabinet.
He was re-elected to Parliament in the 2010 general election. He then stood for the premiership, and received seven votes from MPs, thus being narrowly defeated by Maatia Toafa, who received eight. In December 2010, Toafa's government was ousted in a motion of no confidence, and Willy Telavi succeeded to the premiership. Natano was among those who supported Telavi, enabling his accession. Upon appointing his Cabinet on December 24, Telavi appointed Natano as Minister for Communications. He was also appointed Deputy Prime Minister.
Following Prime Minister Telavi's removal by Governor General Sir Iakoba Italeli on 1 August 2013 in the context of a political crisis (Telavi had sought to govern without the support of Parliament), Natano and the rest of Cabinet were voted out of office a day later by Parliament, where the opposition now had a clear majority.

</doc>
<doc id="19472312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472312" title="Babaoshan Station">
Babaoshan Station

Babaoshan Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472316" title="The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album">
The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album

The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album is the 19th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1970.
Charts.
Album - Billboard (United States)
Singles - Billboard (United States)

</doc>
<doc id="19472319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472319" title="Yuquanlu Station">
Yuquanlu Station

Yuquanlu Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472323" title="Wukesong Station">
Wukesong Station

Wukesong Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway. It is utilized as a form of mass transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19472329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472329" title="Wanshoulu Station">
Wanshoulu Station

Wanshoulu Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472330" title="Tim Fischer (wrestler)">
Tim Fischer (wrestler)

Timothy "Tim" Frank Fisher (born November 7, 1967) is an American musician, comedian, writer and professional wrestler, known by his ring name "The Real Deal" Damien Steele, Fisher competed in WWE,WCW,XPW,WWC, and UPW, between 1995-2007. After his first stint as 2 time XPW Heavyweight Champion, Fisher accepted a Job as Head Coach and as talent at Ultimate University in 2000-2001, Fisher trained several promising wreslters including future Champion and WWE superstar John Cena, (who wrestled his first ever "dark match" with Fisher at the Arco Arena Sacramento California in 2000) and a large stable of Pro Football Players, MMA fighters and Bodybuilders, more than a dozen under developmental contract with WWE. After the unexpected closing of WCW, Fisher's pending contractual negotiations were scrapped along with 100 other similarly conrtacted athletes. After WWE expressed no interest to renegotiate any affiliation, Fisher toured Puerto Rico extensivley with the World Wrestling Council, twice winning the WWC World Junior Heavyweight Championship and competing in over 600 matches in Puerto Rico alone. As a member of "La Familia Nuevo Millennium" Fisher, known in Puerto Rico as "Muchacho Malo" Damien Steele, feuded extensively with Carlos, Eddie and Carly Colon, Known in WWE as Carlos Primo & Carlito respectively. Fisher was known as a "comic heel" and rarely had the opportunity to work as a fan favourite, though it was always his intention before an unexpected two story fall onto concrete pavement, which resulted in 18 cranial and facial fractures, 3 tibial fractures, optic nerve cupping, torn meniscus and LCL as well as multiple contusions and lacerations on the face chest shoulders and arms. The anticipated return to the ring after a 1 year hiatus for Puerto Rico's IWA was ultimately scrapped and retirement was eminent. Other notable feuds included Chris Candido, Big Dick Dudley John Kronus, and more limited programs with Sabu, John Cena, "The Fallen Angel" Christopher Daniels, Vampiro, Konaan and Kid Kash. 
Fisher currently resides in Huntington Beach, California and is in the rewrite phase his autobiographical screenplay "A Night at the Dahlia" which although written in 2006 was deemed "too similar" in theme and lead character description as "The Wrestler" which starred Mickey Roarke (who according to a post on The Wrestling Observer, "Even "Looked" Like Damien Steele's Twin Brother.) Fisher is also currently in the final draft edit of his screenplay "The Locket" described by Fisher as a "Low budget webcam Stoner Horror Comedy" due to enter pre production in Summer 2012.
Fisher lists his current hobbies as music, film, MMA, gardening and is a supporter and member of The ASPCA, The National Democratic Party, The Colbert Nation, and The Cauliflower Alley Club.
Music career.
Tim Fisher was the lead singer of SFD, a Ska band formed in Orange County, California in 1990. SFD released one CD "It Came from Six Feet Deep" and disbanded in 1999 before releasing 8 unrecorded tracks. SFD played a ten year reunion show in 2008 at The Orange County International Street fair, and further reunion shows and recordings are planned for 2012. Several songs from "It Came From Six Feet Deep" are being featured in the upcoming low budget indie drama "Rudeboy" set in the 1980s Orange County Ska, Rudeboy and Scooterboy Subculture, written and produced by former SFD trumpet player and vocalist Oliver Zavala.
Wrestling career.
Fisher debuted in August 1995 and spent much of his early career wrestling on the local independent circuit in southern California under the name Nick Beat. He became a regular for the United Independent Wrestling Alliance and Southern California Championship Wrestling as well as toured the Eastern United States with the World Wrestling Association and World Xtreme Wrestling during the late 1990s.
While wrestling for Verne Langdon's Slammer's Wrestling Gym as Buddy West, he became part of Dynamite D's Dynamite World Order. Initially a parody of the New World Order, it was the last major storyline before the promotion closed. 
On July 31, 1999, Fisher was attacked by Big Dick Dudley in his XPW debut which led to a feud during the summer. Teaming with Kristi Myst and Nicole Bass, Steele would eventually defeat Dudley in a steel cage match. During the match, Dudley's manager Jasmine St. Claire turned on him allowing Steele to defeat Dudley while Steele abandoned Myst for St. Claire. As "The Real Deal" Damien Steele, Fischer and St. Claire would continue feuding with Dudley and Myst facing Dudley in a series of three way dance matches with Johnny Webb during September. On November 26, Steele became the first XPW World Heavyweight Champion when he won a battle royal eliminating John Kronus to claim the title at the promotion's first supercard "Halloween In Hell" in Reseda, California. He would lose the XPW Heavyweight title to Dudley at the next XPW supercard "Merry X-Mas" at the Hollywood's Vogue Theatre on December 18, 1999.
After Dudley was stripped of the title at XPW's "Abuse Of Power" on January 29, 2000, Steele interfered in a match between Jake Lawless and Mike Modest for the vacant title. After Steele hit Mike Modest with a steel chair, Lawless became the new champion but sold the title to Steele, making Steele the only two time champion in the history of XPW. Steele later lost the title to Chris Candido in a Falls Count Anywhere match at "My Bloody Valentine" on February 26. His matches with both Dudley and Candido were later featured in several dvds released by the promotion, most notably, "XPW: Baptized in Blood" and "After the Fall".
The next month Steele accepted a job with Southern California's UPW. As head instructor for the WWE subsidized wrestling school (which was home to several up and coming wrestling stars such as John Cena) Steele also wrestled for UPW and was crowned the first UPW Internet Champion, which he voluntarily vacated six months later for a chance at Christopher Daniels' UPW title. After losing a hard fought title match, described by The Wrestling Observer as a "classic heavyweight bout" Steele left for Puerto Rico in January 2001 for the World Wrestling Council.
While in the WWC, Steele won the vacant WWC World Junior Heavyweight Championship in a 5-way tornado match with Eddie Colón, Richie Santiago, Black Boy, and Rockero in Ponce, Puerto Rico on January 5, 2001. Steele lost the title to Colon in Carolina one month later, the two feuded over the title during the next few months. Steele won the title back from Colon defeating him in Manati on February 17 but lost the title back to him in Morovis, Puerto Rico some months later.
Back in XPW, Steele had a series of matches with Konnan. While wrestling Konnan at a November 3 television taping, Konnan's valet Lady Victoria spat mist in his face allowing Steele the victory. At an interpromotional show between XWF and WWC, Steele appeared at the WWC's "29th Anniversary Show" where he faced Tommy Diablo, Frankie Capone and Kid Romeo in a "four corners" match at the Juan Ramón Loubriel Stadium in Bayamon, Puerto Rico on September 14, 2002. He also toured with Carlos Colón's IWA Puerto Rico before returning to UPW in early-2002 where he became a part-time instructor at the promotion's Ultimate University wrestling school while head instructor Tom Howard toured Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19472338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472338" title="Gongzhufen Station">
Gongzhufen Station

Gongzhufen Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 10 (Phase II) of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472344" title="Elihu Lauterpacht">
Elihu Lauterpacht

Sir Elihu Lauterpacht CBE QC LLD (b. 13 July 1928) is a British academic and lawyer, specializing in International Law, son of Hersch Lauterpacht and founder of the Lauterpacht Centre for International Law at the Law Faculty in Cambridge University.
Early life and education.
Lauterpacht was born on 13 July 1928 in Cricklewood, Hertfordshire, to Rachel and Hersch Lauterpacht. As the Second World War broke out, Professor Hersch Lauterpacht was invited by the Carnegie Endowment to take a visiting professorship in the United States, so the Lauterpracht family evacuated to America
For a year Lauterpacht attended the private Horace Mann School in the Bronx before joining the Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. After graduating in June 1944 Lauterpacht returned to the United Kingdom.
After returning to England Lauterpacht entered Trinity College, Cambridge in 1945, initially reading history, before switching to the law tripos.
Career.
In 1950 he was called to the Bar from Gray's Inn. In 1953 he became a Fellow of Trinity College. In 1970 he became a QC. From 1975 to 1977 Lauterpacht served as legal advisor to the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs.
Lauterpacht has also been an active academic at Cambridge University, where he was successively Lecturer, Reader and Honorary Professor. In 1983 the Research Centre for International Law was founded by Lauterpacht at Cambridge, and he was its director until 1995. In 1996 the Centre was renamed the Lauterpacht Centre in honour of Sir Elihu and his father, Sir Hersch.
After retirement, he continued to teach and giving courses at the London School of Economics (in 1995) and the Hague Academy of International Law (1996).
International Court of Justice.
During his career Lauterpacht appeared before the International Court of Justice in various cases — including:

</doc>
<doc id="19472356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472356" title="SS Eastfield">
SS Eastfield

SS "Eastfield" was a 2,150 ton armed steamship which was torpedoed by the German U-boat on 27 November 1917. The wreck sits intact at at a depth of off Mevagissey, Cornwall. The cargo of coal can be found scattered on the sea bed nearby.
The ship was built by Osbourne, Graham & Company of Sunderland in 1901, and owned by The Field Line (Cardiff) Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="19472361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472361" title="Military Museum Station">
Military Museum Station

Military Museum Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 9 of the Beijing Subway. It located near the Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution. Line 9 did not stop at this station until 21 December 2013.
Transfer.
The transfer hall between Line 1 and Line 9 opened on 21 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19472365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472365" title="Appukutty Poduval">
Appukutty Poduval

Kalamandalam Appukutty Poduval (1924–2008) was a maddalam maestro who rose to prominence by his aesthetically pleasing taps on the instrument—a vital percussion accompaniment for Kathakali, the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. A disciple of the legendary Venkichan Swami, he, along with chenda exponent, Kalamandalam Krishnankutty Poduval, ushered in a new spring in the acoustics of their performing art.
A native of the temple town of Thiruvilwamala in Thrissur district, Poduval served for long as a maddalam tutor at his alma mater, Kerala Kalamandalam. His noted disciples at the institute include Paloor Achuthan Nair, Kalamandalam Narayanan Nambisan (Nambisan Kutty), Damodaran Nair, Eachara Varrier, Nelluvaya Narayanan Nair, Kalamandalam Sankara Warrier, Ramadas and Sasi.
Poduval retired from Kalamandalam in 1986. He later worked, on and off, as visiting teacher at Sadanam Kathakali Akademi (Gandhi Seva Sadan) east of Ottapalam.
Poduval died on January 27, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19472373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472373" title="Olimpija Ljubljana">
Olimpija Ljubljana

Olimpija Ljubljana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19472376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472376" title="Muxidi Station">
Muxidi Station

Muxidi Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472384" title="Nanlishilu Station">
Nanlishilu Station

Nanlishilu Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472417" title="Fuxingmen Station (Beijing Subway)">
Fuxingmen Station (Beijing Subway)

Fuxingmen Station () is an interchange station on Line 1 and Line 2 of the Beijing Subway. The station handles over 170,000 transfers between Lines 1 and 2 per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19472425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472425" title="Xidan Station">
Xidan Station

Xidan Station () is a station on Line 1 and Line 4 of the Beijing Subway. The station on average has 60,000 entrances and exits per day. 

</doc>
<doc id="19472427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472427" title="Grade I listed buildings in Devon">
Grade I listed buildings in Devon

The county of Devon is divided into ten districts. The districts of Devon are Exeter, East Devon, Mid Devon, North Devon, Torridge, West Devon, South Hams, Teignbridge and the unitary authorities Plymouth and Torbay.
As there are 427 Grade I listed buildings in the county they have been split into separate lists for each district.

</doc>
<doc id="19472428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472428" title="The Mice Templar">
The Mice Templar

The Mice Templar is an American comic book series created by Bryan J. L. Glass, and Michael Avon Oeming that is published by Image Comics. The series is an anthropomorphic fantasy tale that follows the struggles of a small group of mice against an evil tyrant king. 
The series has been published in six to nine issue story arcs. Volume 1 entitled Prophecy was published in 2007, and consisted of six issues. Volume 2 Destiny 
was published 2009, and consisted of nine issues. Volume 3 A Mid-Winter Night's Dream is currently being published.
Volume one featured art by co-creator Michael Avon Oeming. Beginning in the second volume Victor Santos took over the art duties.
Plot synopsis.
After the fall of the Templar order on the Field of Avalon a great evil has risen in the land. After many seasons of tyranny by King Icarus a long ago prophecy appears to be in the process of fulfilling itself. The young mouse, Karic, has been visited by the gods of the realm and could possibly be the return of the great Kuhl-En who originally established the Templar order and brought peace to the land. Each arc in the series is a stepping stone to Karic's growth as the main hero of the story and the challenges he faces along the way.
Collected editions.
The series is being collected into trade paperback:
Awards.
Writer Bryan J. L. Glass won the Harvey Award in 2009 for Best New Talent for his work on Mice Templar, Mice Templar won the Harvey Award in 2010 for Best Graphic Album of Previously Published Work
Interviews.
The website comicbookresources.com interviewed the creative team before the release of the Destiny arc,Mice Templar embraces it's Destiny 
, June 2009 
The Website Exploring the Multiverse taped a video interview with Bryan J. L. Glass at the Baltimore Comic Con in August 2010 
The website Newsarama.com published an interview with the creative team entitled The Mice Endure: Oeming and Glass on Mice Templar: Destiny, June 2009 

</doc>
<doc id="19472430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472430" title="Edmund John Glynn">
Edmund John Glynn

Edmund John Glynn (1764–1840) was a soldier, landowner, politician, banker and High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1799.
Early life.
Edmund John Glynn was the eldest child of John Glynn of Glynn, Cornwall and Susanna Margaret Oglander of the Isle of Wight. His father was a prominent lawyer in London and a leading supporter of John Wilkes. Edmund John Glynn joined the army as an Ensign in the 25th Regiment of Foot in 1780 and left in 1785, marrying Elizabeth Meux Worsley of the Isle of Wight in 1790. His wife died in 1797 leaving three surviving daughters from the marriage. 
Soldier and landowner.
Glynn either inherited or acquired an interest in large landed estates in Cornwall, Devon and the Isle of Wight and he set about re-establishing his family’s presence at their ancestral home at Glynn in the parish of Cardinham near Bodmin. In 1793 he became a founder member and vice-president of the Cornwall Agricultural Society and subsequently sold land in Devon and bought properties around Bodmin to consolidate his estates there. By 1802 he had joined the Cornish militia as a major and second-in-command of the The Royal Miners Regiment. From 1805 the regiment was permanently stationed in Kent where it was employed in building fortifications at Rochester, Chatham and Dover. Glynn was only able to return home on leave once a year and he left the reorganisation of his estates and the building of a new mansion at Glynn to his steward John Wallis, a Bodmin lawyer and banker. This arrangement ended in 1809 following a dispute and Glynn then gave up his commission in the militia and returned to Cornwall.
Politician and banker.
On his return Glynn immediately became a leading member of a Cornish political party dedicated to stamping out political corruption and supporting the reform of parliament. He campaigned for the political principles of his father, promoting the rights of the individual against the state and the freedom of the press. In 1810 the party founded its own newspaper, "The West Briton", and Glynn is thought to have been one of its original owners. He put his business affairs in the hands of Adam Thomson, a Scotsman who he had initially brought to Cornwall to manage the farms on the Glynn estate. In 1811 Glynn and Thomson were among the partners at the foundation of the North Cornwall Bank which had its main office at Bodmin. The bank served the local agricultural community and it encountered severe difficulties at the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 when food prices and farm rents fell. By 1818 Glynn and Thomson were its only remaining active partners and while Glynn kept the bank in business by injecting his own money he left its management entirely to Thomson.
Thomson used the funds of the North Cornwall Bank to further his own business interests and his enemies deliberately undermined confidence in its banknotes. There was a run on the bank and it failed in 1819 leaving a large amount owing to its London agents. As a partner Glynn was liable for its debts and during the subsequent litigation he was committed to the King’s Bench debtors' prison in January 1823. He was released shortly before being declared bankrupt in November that year. In 1826 it was estimated that he had liabilities of £110,000 including money owed to his daughters. The money raised from the eventual sale of his heavily mortgaged estates was insufficient to fully repay these debts.
Later life.
Glynn’s involvement in public life seems to have ceased after his bankruptcy and he died aged 77 at the London home of his daughter Frances Prideaux-Brune on 24 July 1840.

</doc>
<doc id="19472433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472433" title="Tiananmen West Station">
Tiananmen West Station

Tian'anmen West Station () is a station on Line 1 of the Beijing Subway.

</doc>
<doc id="19472438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19472438" title="Varazdat Harutyunyan">
Varazdat Harutyunyan

Varazdat Harutyunyan (also Harutiunian, ; 29 November 1909 – 20 March 2008) was an Armenian academic, architect and writer.
Harutyunyan was born in the Ottoman Empire, in the town of Van, but he and his family were forced to flee into Russian territory during the Armenian Genocide. They settled first in Tbilisi and then in Yerevan. In 1946, he obtained his Ph.D., and then Doctor of Science in Architecture. In 1964, he became a Professor of History. In 1996 he was elected Academician of the National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Armenia. In Armenia, he was also president of the Society for Protection of Historical Monuments.
He was the author of over 40 books and over 800 articles, mostly on Armenian architecture.

</doc>
