<doc id="19680795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680795" title="New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2009">
New Jersey gubernatorial election, 2009

The New Jersey gubernatorial election of 2009 took place on November 3, 2009. Democratic Governor Jon Corzine was running for a second term and was being challenged by Republican Chris Christie, Independent Christopher Daggett and nine others, in addition to several write-in candidates. Christie won the election, with about 48.5 percent of the vote, to 44.9 percent for Corzine and 5.8 percent for Daggett. Christie won the largest margin for a first term Republican since 1969. Christie assumed office on January 19, 2010. 
This was the first election to fill the newly created office of Lieutenant Governor. The candidates for governor and lieutenant governor were joined together as a single choice, so that voters did not have the opportunity to split the ticket. Kim Guadagno, Christie's running mate, became New Jersey's first lieutenant governor following her inauguration.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Although Corzine was unpopular among independents and Republicans, he polled much more highly among registered Democrats. His three opponents were former Glen Ridge mayor Carl Bergmanson, who ran on a platform of fiscal discipline, governmental reform, and removing the tolls on the Garden State Parkway, the New Jersey Turnpike and the Atlantic City Expressway; perennial candidate Jeff Boss; and businessman and former Congressional candidate Roger Bacon. A Quinnipiac poll conducted shortly before the primary and released on May 20, 2009 indicated that 65% of Democratic primary voters would vote for Corzine, with the other three candidates each receiving 4%–5%. Also, 62% of Democrats approved of him while 24% didn't.
On the primary election night, when Corzine accepted his party's nomination, Vice President Joe Biden campaigned for him, saying that he and President Barack Obama would help him get re-elected. Biden also characterized Corzine as "America's governor."
Republican primary.
Candidates.
Removed.
Lonegan disputed the nominating petitions of Brown, Keller and Levine, and administrative judges ruled that their petitions fell below the threshold of 1,000 valid signatures. As such, their names were removed from the primary ballot.
Campaign.
Most of the focus in the primary campaign was on the Republican contest between the front-runner, former U.S. Attorney Chris Christie, who was heavily favored by the party establishment, and former Bogota mayor Steve Lonegan. Both sides released numerous television and radio advertisements, as well as mailers to registered Republicans. Christie focused on his record of fighting corruption, while Lonegan emphasized his credentials as a lifelong conservative.
On April 1, Lonegan released the first attack ad of the 2009 campaign, and released another one on April 19. He accused Christie of ethically dubious awarding of no-bid monitor contracts during his tenure as U.S. attorney, described him as a moderate, and made other allegations. However, on April 24, Christie responded with a new 60 second radio ad noting that Lonegan has lost many elections in his career, including losing by a landslide to Steve Rothman for Congress in 1998 and finishing fourth (out of seven) in the Republican primary of the 2005 New Jersey Governor's race. He also claimed that Lonegan's "flat tax" plan, a crucial part of the candidate's platform which calls for applying the same income tax rate to everyone, "would raise taxes on almost 70 percent of New Jersey workers," and characterized Lonegan's previous attacks as "desperate."
Among those to endorse Christie in the primary were former New Jersey Governor Thomas Kean, Sr., businessman Steve Forbes, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney. In addition, all county GOP organizations endorsed Christie, as did several New Jersey congressmen. 
Joe the Plumber endorsed Lonegan and campaigned with him on May 5. On May 14, United States Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) sent out an email endorsing Lonegan and asking for donations to Lonegan's campaign. Economists Art Laffer and Peter Schiff also endorsed Lonegan, as did New Jersey General Assemblyman Michael J. Doherty.
Christie was declared the winner of the primary, defeating Lonegan by a margin of 55 to 42 percent. Lonegan immediately endorsed Christie, stating: 
Debates.
Two state-sponsored televised debates were held before the primary. The first, on May 12, was broadcast on NJN, while the other, held on May 17, was broadcast on the New York television station WABC-TV. Both debates were between Christie and Lonegan. Because Merkt did not meet the fund-raising or spending thresholds set by the state, he was not allowed to participate.
However, all three candidates were featured in two additional radio-only privately sponsored debates shortly before the primary.
General election.
Candidates.
Major.
"The following three candidates all qualified to appear in the state-sponsored debates." 
Minor.
"The following nine candidates were third-party or independent candidates who qualified for the ballot but did not raise enough money to qualify for the state-sponsored debates.
Write-in candidates
Campaign.
Corzine kicked off his campaign in June criticizing his Republican opponents and tying them to former President George W. Bush. Corzine also released the first two television campaign ads, both were 30 second spots, released on January 5. One of the ads compared the two candidates' positions on social issues. The Republican Governors Association shot back, releasing two of its own television ads showing how Corzine has broken campaign promises on June 16.
Corzine was criticized by GOP leadership for granting contract concessions to state workers, by granting them an additional seven paid days off, after threats were made to protest the primary election night event where Vice President Biden was the keynote speaker. It is estimated that these concessions will cost the state $40 million.
The election became a three-way race on July 7, when independent candidate Christopher Daggett announced that he had raised enough money to qualify for public funds and to qualify for participation in the debates.
On July 15, the New Jersey chapter of a liberal environmental group, the Sierra Club, released a report critical of the Corzine administration's environmental record, with New Jersey Executive Director Jeff Tittel stating that group believes "this will go down as the worst environmental administration in state history." The state organization formally endorsed Daggett on August 17, its first endorsement of an independent candidate.
Corzine was the target of a vigorous advertising campaign funded by the Christie campaign and the Republican Governors Association, attacking his record as governor, tying him to corrupt officials, and assailing him for failing to deliver on his campaign promises. The RGA set up a mock newspaper website, "The Corzine Times", collecting newspaper articles critical of Corzine.
One of Corzine's main lines of attack involved Christie's ties to the unpopular former President of the United States George W. Bush, who appointed Christie to the U.S. Attorney's office in 2001. In August 2009, Bush political strategist Karl Rove revealed that he had held conversations with Christie about a potential gubernatorial run during Christie's time as U.S. Attorney. U.S. Attorneys are prohibited from engaging in partisan political activities by the Hatch Act of 1939. Corzine quickly incorporated this into his advertisements targeting Christie.
The Corzine campaign filed requests under the Freedom of Information Act since March 2009 seeking records of budgets, travel expenses, and no-bid contracts from Christie's tenure as U.S. Attorney. The U.S. Attorney's office did not release the requested documents before election day. Christie Facts, a website paid for by the Corzine campaign, attacks Christie on many fronts, including for not demanding an end to the "stonewalling" by the U.S. Attorney's office. On August 12, Christie's successor, Acting U.S. Attorney Ralph J. Marra, Jr., issued a press release defending the office:
On August 18, 2009, Christie acknowledged that he had loaned $46,000 to First Assistant U.S. Attorney for New Jersey Michele Brown two years ago, while serving as her superior as the state's U.S. attorney, and that he had failed to report the loan on either his income tax returns or his mandatory financial disclosure report to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission. In response to the disclosure of the financial relationship between Christie and Brown, Weinberg called on Brown to recuse herself from the task of retrieving U.S. Attorney’s Office records requested by the Corzine campaign under the Freedom of Information Act. On August 25, Brown resigned from her post, stating that she does not want to be "a distraction" for the office. Although the Corzine campaign sought to make the loan a major campaign issue, a Quinnipiac poll showed that only 43% of voters believed that the loan controversy was a legitimate attack, while a plurality of 49% called it an unfair attack.
As of September 20, Corzine had put out 4,806 television advertisements to Christie's 1,393 ads.
Debates.
Corzine, Christie, and Daggett debated each other three times by the election. Two debates were sanctioned by the state's Election Law Enforcement Commission; Christie and Daggett were required to participate in these debates, as they received public financing. Corzine did not seek public financing but appeared in both ELEC debates. The first debate, sanctioned by the ELEC and sponsored by NJN, Gannett New Jersey, and the "Philadelphia Inquirer", was held on October 1 in Trenton. It was televised on NJN. It was widely reported by mainstream media that Chris Daggett won the first debate.
The second ELEC-sanctioned debate, sponsored by Fox News, "The Record", WWOR-TV out of Secaucus, and WTXF-TV out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was held on October 16 at William Paterson University in Wayne. It was televised on WWOR-TV and WTXF-TV. 
All three candidates appeared in a third debate, which was not sanctioned by the ELEC, that was held on October 22. The debate was broadcast on the radio on WBGO, a Newark-based jazz station, and was simulcast on WNYC out of New York City, WHYY-FM out of Philadelphia, and public radio stations throughout the state of New Jersey. Christie and Daggett agreed to participate in a fourth debate, broadcast on the radio on New Jersey 101.5; Corzine declined to participate.
There was also a debate between the three major candidates for lieutenant governor: Loretta Weinberg, Kim Guadagno, and Frank Esposito. This debate, sponsored by Leadership New Jersey, was held at Monmouth University in West Long Branch on October 8. It was televised on News 12 New Jersey and broadcast on the radio on New Jersey 101.5.
Lieutenant governor factor.
This was the first gubernatorial election since the position of lieutenant governor was created. As such, this year's candidates were the first gubernatorial candidates in New Jersey history to pick running mates. All 12 candidates for governor appearing on the ballot selected their running mates by the July 27, 2009 deadline. 
Christie, as the Republican nominee for governor, selected Monmouth Beach's Kim Guadagno, the sheriff of Monmouth County, as his running mate. Others mentioned for the post had included New Jersey Senators Diane Allen and Jennifer Beck, as well as Bergen County Clerk Kathleen Donovan.
Corzine, as the Democratic nominee, selected Teaneck's Loretta Weinberg, a New Jersey Senator and former New Jersey General Assemblywoman, as his running mate. Other mentioned for the post had included Newark Mayor Cory Booker, New Jersey Senators Nia Gill and Barbara Buono, New Jersey General Assemblywoman Bonnie Watson Coleman, and wealthy businessman Randal Pinkett.
Daggett, having qualified for matching funds, selected Ocean Township's Frank J. Esposito, a longtime professor and administrator at Kean University who served as an advisor to the Commissioner of Education in the Thomas Kean, Sr. administration, as his running mate. Others mentioned for the post had included Edison Mayor Jun Choi and Passaic County freeholder James Gallagher.
Other Lieutenant Governor candidates on the ballot:
Regional factors.
In New Jersey, Republicans tend to be strongest in the Northwest and Shore regions of the state, Democrats tend to be strongest in urban areas, and suburban areas such as those in Mercer County, Middlesex County, Union County, Passaic County, and Bergen County are considered toss-ups. In the Democratic primary, Corzine got over 70% of the vote only in the urban areas, doing relatively poorly among suburban Democrats. His weakest performance was in Warren County, where he won with just 55% of the vote. On the other hand, Corzine performed strongly in Bergen County, winning with almost 87% of the vote. In the Republican primary, Christie lost some key Republican strongholds, such as Hunterdon County (where he received 45.8%) and Warren County (where he received 46.9%) to Lonegan.
According to a September 1 Quinnipiac University poll, Hudson County and Essex County were the only counties where a majority of voters viewed Corzine favorably. Corzine had upside-down ratings in all 19 other counties in that poll. In contrast, Christie had upside-down ratings in those two counties but was viewed favorably by pluralities of voters in every other county except for Atlantic County, Ocean County, and Monmouth County, where a majority of voters viewed him favorably.
Political factors.
Taxes and the economy were overwhelmingly the top issues in this campaign. Corzine’s strongest issue was on education, but it was the most important issue for only 4% of likely voters. Christie attacked Corzine's record of raising taxes, failing to deliver property tax relief, and presiding over a period of unusually high unemployment in the state. Corzine pointed to the global economic recession as the reason for the state's economic troubles. However, Republicans contended that Corzine's policies led to over-taxation and economic decline, causing an out-migration of residents documented in a report by the Edward J. Bloustein School of Planning and Public Policy at Rutgers University.
Christie also campaigned on the issues of ethics, reducing corruption, and ending fiscal waste. These issues were brought back to the forefront of the debate after 44 individuals, including several public officials in New Jersey, were arrested by the FBI in July 2009 in Operation Bid Rig. Corzine was not a target of the probe; however, the office of a member of his cabinet, Commissioner of Community Affairs Joseph Doria, was raided by the FBI in connection with Operation Bid Rig. Governor Corzine asked for, and accepted, Doria's resignation on July 23. Doria has not been charged with any crime. Although Corzine has not been accused of any wrongdoing, the corruption sting, which resulted in the arrests of mostly Democratic officials, nevertheless further injured Corzine's reputation. Former EPA Regional Administrator Alan J. Steinberg predicted in his July 23 column that the corruption scandal would doom Corzine's re-election bid, as ethics would become a major issue again, thus helping Christie. State Senator Ray Lesniak, a prominent Democrat, acknowledged that "If it’s about ethics, Corzine loses. Not because Jon Corzine’s weak on ethics, but because it’s Chris Christie’s strength, and now it’s national news." Paul Mulshine, a conservative columnist for "The Star-Ledger", wrote in a July 28 column that the excessive "red tape" prolonged by the Corzine administration contributed to the corruption, further harming Corzine's campaign.
As the Democratic nominee, Corzine was considered to have an inherent advantage in the "blue state" of New Jersey. No Republican has won New Jersey's electoral votes in a presidential election since George H.W. Bush in 1988. Furthermore, prior to the 2009 election, no Republican had won a statewide election in New Jersey since 1997, when Governor Christine Todd Whitman won re-election with 47.1% of the vote. The last Republican to win a statewide election in New Jersey with over 50% of the vote was incumbent Governor Thomas Kean in 1985, who won with 71% of the vote. No Republican has won a U.S. Senate election in New Jersey since liberal Republican Clifford Case in 1972. 
Between February 2009 and the end of his term, Corzine's approval ratings ranged between 33% and 42%. His disapproval ratings ranged between 46% and 66%.
Some thought that Corzine would benefit from the popularity of President Barack Obama, who carried the state in 2008 with 57% of the vote and had higher approval ratings than Corzine had. However, Obama's approval ratings in the state varied, ranging from as high as 68% in a June Quinnipiac poll to as low as 53% in a PPP poll, which is lower than what he obtained on election day in 2008. Another poll in July gave him 55% approval in the state, also less than what he obtained on election day. In the same poll 47% believed Obama would help Corzine's numbers in the election by campaigning with him.
After Vice President Biden's June appearance at a "poorly attended" Corzine primary-night event, the Barack Obama administration approached President of the New Jersey Senate and former governor Richard Codey to consider running in the governor's place if the incumbent withdrew from his reelection bid, citing polls showing that Codey led Christie. Obama held a campaign rally for Corzine on July 16. Originally the rally was set to be held at Rutgers University, but ultimately it was held at the PNC Bank Arts Center instead.
Polling.
"*" denotes voluntary response only. In the August 26–30 FDU poll, 4% also responded "neither" or "other."
External links.
Candidates

</doc>
<doc id="19680809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680809" title="Weekly Post">
Weekly Post

The Weekly Post was a weekly newspaper published in Rainsville, Alabama, by Southern Newspapers and serving the DeKalb County, Alabama region. 
The "Weekly Post" was founded in 1986 by the editor and former employees of "The Sand Mountain News", the previous Rainsville newspaper which had ceased publication due to bankruptcy. In 2010, it was merged into the "Times-Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="19680818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680818" title="Longchuan County, Yunnan">
Longchuan County, Yunnan

Longchuan County (陇川县; pinyin: Lǒngchuān Xiàn) is a county located in Dehong Prefecture, Yunnan province, southwestern China.
Administration.
The county seat is in Zhangfeng Town (章凤镇).
Three other townships have been upgraded to town (镇, "zhen") status: 
Culture.
Many citizens of Dehong Prefecture belong to the Jingpo-nation ethnic group, an official minority in the People's Republic of China. They are one and the same as the people of Kachin State, the adjacent part of Myanmar, and ethno-linguistic ties are strong.

</doc>
<doc id="19680835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680835" title="Sarantaporos (Thessaly)">
Sarantaporos (Thessaly)

Sarantaporos () is a river in the southeastern part of the Kozani regional unit and the northern part of the Larissa regional unit, in northern Greece. Its source is in eastern part of the Kamvounia mountains, southeast of the town Servia. The river passes east of the village Sarantaporo and flows into the Titarisios near the village Milea. Part of the Greek National Road 3 (Larissa - Kozani - Florina - Niki) runs through the Sarantaporos valley.

</doc>
<doc id="19680852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680852" title="Lianghe County">
Lianghe County

Lianghe County (梁河县; pinyin: Liánghé Xiàn) is located in Dehong Prefecture, Yunnan province, southwest China.

</doc>
<doc id="19680861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680861" title="Ludwig Beissner">
Ludwig Beissner

Ludwig Beissner (6 July 1843 – 21 December 1927) was a German horticulturalist and dendrologist born in Ludwigslust, Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
From 1887 to 1913, Beissner was inspector of the botanical gardens of Bonn. He was the author of popular textbooks on hardwoods ("Handbuch der Laubholzkunde") and on the study of softwoods ("Handbuch der Nadelholzkunde"), the latter work being published over three editions (1891, 1909 and 1930).

</doc>
<doc id="19680879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680879" title="Murder of Robert Kissel">
Murder of Robert Kissel

The Nancy Kissel murder case (officially called the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region v. Nancy Ann Kissel) was a highly publicized criminal trial held in the High Court of Hong Kong, where Nancy Kissel was convicted of the murder of her husband, investment banker Robert, in their apartment on 2 November 2003.
The case was known as the "milkshake murder" because Kissel was alleged to have incapacitated her husband by serving him a strawberry milkshake full of sedatives before bludgeoning him to death. It was the highest profile murder of an expatriate in Hong Kong's history and the trial was closely covered in the media. Kissel was convicted of murder in 2005 and received a mandatory life sentence. The Court of Final Appeal overturned the conviction in February 2010, citing legal errors, and ordered a retrial. The retrial began on 12 January 2011 and, on 25 March 2011, she was again found guilty of her husband's murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Kissel is serving her sentence at Tai Lam Centre for Women.
Robert Kissel's brother Andrew, a former American real estate developer, was found murdered on 3 April 2006.
Background.
Robert and Nancy Kissel married in New York in 1989 where Alison Gertz was her maid of honor. The couple arrived in Hong Kong in 1997 with their three children and resided at Hong Kong Parkview. The children attended Hong Kong International School.
Robert was a vice president in Goldman Sachs' Asian special situations group. Merrill Lynch hired him from Goldman in 2000 to head its distressed assets business in Asia outside Japan.
The murder.
On a return trip to the United States in mid-2003, Nancy met and had an affair with Michael Del Priore, a twice-married electrical repairman who had rewired the Kissel home in Vermont. They remained in frequent telephone communication during the days and months prior to and immediately following the murder.
Robert was suspicious of Nancy's infidelity and had hired New York private detective Frank Shea, president of Alpha Group Investigations based in New York and Boca Raton, Florida, to spy on his wife, and also secretly installed spyware on her computer. She claims to have had some violent disagreements with her husband, and says that her husband claimed to have initiated proceedings for divorce and for the custody of their children.
Nancy allegedly drugged her husband by having their six-year-old daughter give him a strawberry milkshake laced with a cocktail of sedatives. When it had taken effect and the children were out of the apartment, she bludgeoned him to death. She then rolled up his body in a carpet and had it placed in their storeroom in the Parkview complex.
After her arrest, Nancy admitted to killing her husband in self-defense, claiming that she had been in an unhappy marriage and was the victim of domestic violence. She claimed her husband had subjected her to rape and sodomy over a five-year period. She attempted to portray Robert as a work-crazed and controlling husband who had succumbed to habitual and regular cocaine and alcohol abuse.
The trial began in June 2005 at Hong Kong's High Court with the prosecution alleging that she murdered her husband and she pleading not guilty. She admitted under cross examination that she had bludgeoned her husband to death, but claimed it was in self-defense after an argument about divorce had escalated, leading him to sexually attack her, and then, when she resisted, to swing at her with a baseball bat. She claimed memory loss, testifying she had no knowledge of how she inflicted five head wounds with a heavy metal sculpture. She admitted to using Stilnox, one of the sedatives found in her husband's body, to doctor a bottle of Scotch single malt whisky when they were living in Vermont in the hope that it would make her husband less aggressive toward their children, but she admitted it had had no effect on him. Regardless of that, she admitted to trying the same thing in Hong Kong but testified that when she saw the sediment it left at the bottom of the bottle, she poured out the drugged liquor, bought a new bottle and used it to partially fill up the old one, and then "never thought about it again". The Kissels' neighbor, Andrew Tanzer, testified he had become drowsy and then unconscious after sampling the strawberry milkshake. Kissel admitted making it for one of her children and a visiting child, but denied drugging it, stating she would never harm her children or anyone else's.
The verdict.
The case against Nancy Kissel was brought before Justice Michael Lunn. At the end of the trial, lasting 65 days, on 1 September 2005 the jury of five men and two women unanimously decided on her guilt after eight hours of deliberation. Kissel was sentenced to life in prison,
She appealed her conviction in April 2008. That petition was rejected. Kissel then lodged an appeal with the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong on 12 January 2010. The case was heard before a five-judge panel led by then-Chief Justice Andrew Li on January 21. The defense argued that the prosecution had improperly used evidence, including hearsay, and that the original jury instructions were problematic. On 11 February 2010, the Court of Final Appeal quashed the conviction and ordered a retrial, citing prosecution use of inadmissible evidence. Kissel was permitted to seek bail, but ultimately chose not to apply.
Second indictment.
Kissel was re-indicted on a single count of murder on 2 March 2010, with the retrial due to start on 10 January 2011.
According to the defense, Robert Kissel told his wife on the night of 2 November 2003, that he was filing for divorce, saying that the decision was final, and that she was unfit to care for her children. Defense also alleged she had long suffered from provocation, physical and sexual abuse long before that night. Nancy Kissel pleaded not guilty to murder, but guilty to manslaughter on the basis of diminished responsibility and provocation. Kissel admitted to having an extramarital relationship with a TV repairman, and prosecution alleged that she planned to run away with her lover in the United States after her husband's death, and that she stood to inherit her husband's estate worth US $18 million.
On 25 March 2011, after hearing evidence from over 50 prosecution and defense witnesses over ten weeks, the jury of seven women and two men unanimously found Kissel guilty as charged. She was sentenced to life imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="19680885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680885" title="Aleksei Ivanov (footballer born 1981)">
Aleksei Ivanov (footballer born 1981)

Aleksei Vladimirovich Ivanov (, born 1 September 1981) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Mordovia Saransk of the Russian National Football League. He primarily plays as a winger, but can also play in the centre of midfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19680891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680891" title="New Century Network">
New Century Network

The New Century Network is a defunct news aggregator that was run by a consortium of newspaper companies. The company launched in 1995 during the time when Internet first started to enter the public consciousness, and ceased operations in 1998.
History.
New Century Networks was formed in 1995 as a collaborative effort among the major newspaper companies to aggregate their content. The forming companies, Knight-Ridder, Tribune Company, Times Mirror, Advance Publications, Cox Enterprises, Gannett Company, Hearst Corporation, The Washington Post Company, and The New York Times Company each contributed $1 million to fund the company. Lee de Boer was appointed as CEO.
Over its 3-year life, the nine member companies reportedly poured $25 million into the venture. Leadership and management was confused, as the participating companies had different ideas about the best direction for the company; Tribune Co. became so exasperated at NCN that they joined America Online in offering a classified service with them. Small papers worried of neglect and lack of power in the organization, and large papers feared it would take away page views from them if it became too popular. As a result, official links to New Century Networks were often small and hidden at the member newspapers.
In February 1998, New Century Networks shut down NewsWorks, its main news aggregation website, and laid off a third of its staff. It changed itself to a search engine of the major affiliated newspapers instead, and moved to reorient its purpose toward advertising. Instead, two weeks later, the board of directors voted to close the company entirely.

</doc>
<doc id="19680919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680919" title="Come Over (Estelle song)">
Come Over (Estelle song)

"Come Over" is the fifth UK single and the second U.S. single from Estelle's second album "Shine". A remix version of song was released featuring reggae artist Sean Paul. It was released to U.S. radio on September 15. It is available to download on UK iTunes.
In the UK the digital download was released on 13 December. The physical release was scheduled for the same date but was cancelled last minute.
Music video.
The music video was shot in the week of 2 October. Some video caps have leaked on to the Internet. There is a cameo from Kardinal Offishall. The video is currently on YouTube.
Estelle was recently asked commented about getting up close and personal with hunk Sean Paul in her recent music video.
Estelle said about the video: ""There are two arguments going on in your head. I can't be fake, but how can I do this without feeling like a slut?" It's a tough one." 
Cover versions.
The Hawaiian artist, Anuhea, recorded a cover version of the song.
Used In visual media.
The song was used on "".

</doc>
<doc id="19680953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680953" title="Stowboard">
Stowboard

The Stowboard is a commercially available foldable skateboard.
Design.
The Stowboard design consists of a metal alloy middle platform, 110 mm front wheels mounted on a pivoting front truck, a plastic rear foot platform with 65mm conical rear wheels mounted on a straight axle. This design allows the Stowboard to be folded down from full length (31 inches) to a 11 x 8.5 x 4 inch block.
Folding is achieved by pressing the red release button on the rear platform then lifting the front key out of alloy platform. The front wheel assembly is then folded into the middle platform first followed by the rear assembly being folded into the mid platform.
To ride a Stowboard the rider stands in the alloy middle platform then pushes forward with their other foot. After rolling the rider has the option to rest his rear foot on the rear foot platform. Shifting body weight to one side or the other activates the front trucks and permits turning.
History.
Plans for the Foldable Skateboard that would become the Stowboard were issued US Patent number: 7150461 on December 19, 2006 (filed November 26, 2002). Stowboard was manufactured by Pronto Sports
of Minnesota. The Stowboard is currently available in limited supply through Stowboard.net
Media.
An early Stowboard prototype appeared in the 2003 movie "Paycheck" starring Ben Affleck. The Stowboard is seen being carried in the backpack of the teenaged thief. The front wheels are visible as a prop intermittently from 36:39 to 37:08 in chapter 9 of the DVD. The Stowboard is also seen in the alternate ending of the DVD again in the backpack of the thief character.

</doc>
<doc id="19680970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680970" title="Andrea Gaveglia">
Andrea Gaveglia

Andrea Gaveglia (born 12 April 1984) is an Italian footballer.
After the bankruptcy of Colligiana Gaveglia without a club for 6 months. In January 2011 he joined Andria.

</doc>
<doc id="19680997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19680997" title="Alexey Ivanov">
Alexey Ivanov

Alexei or Alexey Ivanov (, )) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19681047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681047" title="Eastland-Fairfield Career &amp; Technical Schools">
Eastland-Fairfield Career &amp; Technical Schools

Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools serves 16 school districts in Franklin, Fairfield, and Pickaway counties. It covers an area of , and is the seventh largest career and technical district geographically in the state. 
The District has two main campuses — Eastland Career Center in Groveport and Fairfield Career Center in Carroll, with satellite locations at five of its associate high schools: Gahanna Lincoln, Groveport Madison, New Albany, Pickerington North, and Reynoldsburg.
Academics.
Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools strives to offer high-tech, in-demand programs in order to better position students for a successful future. The District offers nearly 40 high school programs designed for students in their junior and senior year. In addition to traditional career and technical programs, such as Auto Technology, Welding, and Cosmetology, Eastland-Fairfield offers many programs designed specifically for students who intend to continue their education at a college or university. Currently, over 57% of Eastland-Fairfield students continue their education at the post-secondary level, from the career programs as well as the 'designed for college' programs (school-to-college). The school-to-college programs often offer college credit at Hocking College and Columbus State Community College.
As part of both school-to-career and school-to-college programs, the schools require general education courses – integrated and college preparatory - for half of the school day, the other half is designated for ‘lab time’ where students do their hands-on learning with their program instructors. During the academic portion of the school day, students spend time in classes covering the basic requirements for graduation from their home schools (as students graduate from both Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools as well as their original high school), which includes classes such as Algebra I-III, Chemistry, basic English, and American Government. The classes a student takes depends on credits they’ve already earned, program requirements, and graduation requirements from their home school. The school website listed over 60 instructors and the district has over 700 students in the 11th and 12th grades.
CareerQuest is a new program offered for students in Electronics, Interactive Media, Financial Services, Computer Support Technology, Legal/Medical Office Technologies and Programming & Software Development. In this program, juniors will spend a few days in an unpaid internship position with local businesses where they will complete hands-on workplace activities that relate to their program. CareerQuest involves the students in local businesses and increases their chances of getting a job in one of these businesses after graduation and/or completion of further education at college or technical school. 
Another factor that helps the students do well is their labs filled with modern equipment that one instructor said was better than some colleges. In 2008, a new building, “…which incorporated auto collision and repair with auto technology under one, state-of-the-art roof,” was completed and is located on the Eastland Career Center campus in Groveport, Ohio. The Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools offer hands-on programs that let students ‘get their hands dirty’ while considering a career option for their future. Students who are unsure of their future career can explore one interest in a program at these schools; they can decide if their chosen program is something they wish to explore further, or they discover that the program is not something they want to do for the rest of their lives. All this they can do before they get out of high school. The schools provide direction for their students and involve them in networking even before they graduate, with programs such as Business Professionals of America (BPA) and SkillsUSA.
The career schools start recruiting early, offering free summer camps for middle school students where the students can explore a few options to think about for the next few years. Sophomore year in high school is when recruiting becomes more vigorous, with representatives going to the affiliate schools and sending recruitment clips to be shown to the students to highlight a few programs that they offer. But the recruiting doesn’t stop at high school; the schools also recruit adult learners for their night programs.
Included in the Eastland-Fairfield district are nearly 6,000 adult education students who attend classes offered by the Adult Workforce Development Center (AWD) and its Lancaster and Columbus satellite locations. Seven full-time programs and many part-time programs are offered for adults. "The AWD program is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools." For full-time adult students, the schools offer job placement, career counseling, and skills assessment services to help adult students further their careers.
Assisting the district in curriculum and equipment update assessments are hundreds of representatives from business and industry. Serving on advisory committees for the full-time adult and high school programs, these business professionals play an integral part in keeping the curriculum current with industry standards.
References.
"About Us." Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools. Web. 
Dillman, Linda. "Eastland Career Center Celebrates 40th Anniversary." Columbus Messenger. 26 Apr. 2008. Web. 1 Mar. 2010. 
"Adults." Eastland-Fairfield Career & Technical Schools. Web.

</doc>
<doc id="19681227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681227" title="Live at Sweet Basil Volume 1">
Live at Sweet Basil Volume 1

Live at Sweet Basil Volume 1 is the seventh album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the first to feature his Big Band. It was released in 1984 and features performances by Murray, Olu Dara, Baikida Carroll, Craig Harris, Bob Stewart, Vincent Chancey, Steve Coleman, John Purcell, Rod Williams, Fred Hopkins and Billy Higgins conducted by Lawrence "Butch" Morris. The album was followed by "Live at Sweet Basil Volume 2".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "The David Murray Big Band tends to be a bit undisciplined, with plenty of rambunctious and overcrowded ensembles... The Dixieland-esque structures are better understood by some of the musicians than others, and this performance is quite erratic but certainly memorable". 

</doc>
<doc id="19681238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681238" title="Jeff Bright">
Jeff Bright

Jeff Bright (born 7 May 1985) is an Australian footballer who plays for Mandurah City. Jeff spent 2010 at Dandenong Thunder in the VPL. He played 2 seasons for Perth Glory in the Hyundai A-League

</doc>
<doc id="19681247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681247" title="Maes–Garreau law">
Maes–Garreau law

The Maes–Garreau law is the statement that "most favorable predictions about future technology will fall within the Maes–Garreau point", defined as "the latest possible date a prediction can come true and still remain in the lifetime of the person making it". Specifically, it relates to predictions of a technological singularity or other radical future technologies. 
It has been referred to as a "law of human nature", although Kelly's evidence is anecdotal.
The Maes–Garreau effect is contradicted by analysis of a much larger set of AI predictions of 95 predictions extracted from a database of 257 AI predictions, which finds a broad array of estimates before and after a predictor's estimated longevity.
Origin of the law.
Kevin Kelly, editor of "Wired" magazine, created the law in 2007 after being influenced by Pattie Maes at MIT and Joel Garreau (author of "Radical Evolution").
In 1993, Maes listed a number of her colleagues at MIT that had publicly predicted mind uploading (the replication of a human brain on a computer), and noted that the innovations were generally slated to occur within the lifetime of the predictor.

</doc>
<doc id="19681252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681252" title="Chasmocranus">
Chasmocranus

Chasmocranus is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.
Species.
There are currently 10 recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19681262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681262" title="Give Me Your Eyes">
Give Me Your Eyes

"Give Me Your Eyes" is a song by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath from his second album, "What If We". It was released in July 2008 as the album's lead single and quickly gained success. It sold nearly 6,000 downloads in the first week, and became 2008's highest-debuting Christian track at the time. It soon placed at No. 1 on Christian radio charts, and held the position for multiple consecutive weeks. At the end of 2008, it was the second most-played song of the year on Christian contemporary hit radio.
The song is about wanting to see the world as God would, and having a desire to view people with more compassion. "Give Me Your Eyes" was written by Heath and songwriter Jason Ingram, and was generally well received by critics. The song received two GMA Dove Awards in April 2009, including the Song of the Year title. It was also Grammy Award-nominated in the Best Gospel Song category for 2009.
Background.
The song's meaning originated with a discussion between Brandon Heath and friend and songwriter Jason Ingram. "We had a conversation over Chinese food that we wished we could have God’s perspective on things", Heath said. "If we did have His perspective, we'd wish we could have it for long periods of time, rather than just for a few seconds. That was the beginning." He soon began to pen a song about the idea, co-writing "Give Me Your Eyes" with Ingram. Prior to recording "What If We", Heath had written 40 possible tracks for the album, and although the song was not his top favorite, he noted that "Give Me Your Eyes" was "one of the first that really stuck out."
Music and lyrics.
The song's genre is represented by pop, and includes acoustic and mild hip hop influences. It is a mid-tempo song based upon a strummed acoustic guitar, background piano, and occasional strings. The song's continuous clap-sounding beat was described as a "hip-hop shuffle", drawing comparisons to Christian musician Mat Kearney.
Lyrically, the song is about a desire to view people as God would, and was "inspired by people-watching at an airport". Heath has said, "[it's] a song about my own convictions for wanting to see the world with compassionate eyes."
Release.
"Give Me Your Eyes" was digitally released as the lead single from "What If We" on July 23, 2008. Upon its release, the single was commercially successful and soon began to place on Christian radio charts. It made nearly 6,000 downloads in the first week, which was the highest-debuting Christian track of 2008 at the time. By the second week, another 6,700 copies were sold. It placed at No. 1 on "Billboards Hot Christian Songs chart beginning in September, and spent an end total of 14 consecutive weeks at the top by December. It also held the No. 1 position on the "Radio & Records" (R&R) Christian CHR chart for 13 consecutive weeks from the last week of August through the start of December. For the week of November 1, 2008, "Give Me Your Eyes" debuted on "Billboards Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at No. 22, which is equivalent to placing at No. 122 on the Hot 100.
By mid-September, it had sold 70,000 digital downloads. The song placed at No. 1 on the iTunes top Christian songs chart and held the position from July through February for seven consecutive months, receiving 100,000 downloads on iTunes by late October. It ended 2008 as the second most-played song on "R&R"'s Christian CHR format; the song also placed at No. 9 for the year's top-played Christian AC songs.
Compilation.
This song was also by the appearances by the compilation album "WOW Hits 2009" and "Now That's What I Call Faith".
Reception.
The song was generally received well by critics. "The New York Times" highlighted Heath's Grammy Award-nominated "What If We" album as one of the best Grammy nominees in Christian music that year, saying; "Mr. Heath's sense of wonder is firmly intact — 'Give Me Your Eyes,' which is nominated for best gospel song, is a breezy statement of humble devotion." The song was featured on "USA Today"'s top ten "pick of the week" playlist in the beginning of March 2009; the magazine's editor and music critic Brian Mansfield said, "Grammy and Dove Award nominations are attracting a second look for Heath's song about seeing life's big picture." Jesus Freak Hideout's Matthew Watson said of Heath's future music efforts: "it could be really outstanding if he sticks to more upbeat songs like 'Give Me Your Eyes'."
The song was Grammy Award-nominated in the Best Gospel Song category for the 51st Grammy Awards of 2009. It received two awards at the 40th GMA Dove Awards in April 2009: Song of the Year and Pop/Contemporary Song of the Year. On January 30, 2010, the song won an Emmy for the Nashville Rescue Mission: Hunger to Hope public service announcement campaign from the Midsouth Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19681285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681285" title="Freenode">
Freenode

freenode, formerly known as Open Projects Network, is an IRC network used to discuss peer-directed projects. Their servers are all accessible from the domain name chat.freenode.net and irc.freenode.net, which load balances connections by using the actual servers in rotation.
Characteristics.
freenode is centrally managed. Staffers or staff (as IRC operators are called) have the same access across all servers and are voiced in the support channel (#freenode). Some operations that would normally only apply to one server (like k-lines) are propagated across the whole network. Servers are "donated" to the network, rather than "linked."
The network focuses on supporting peer-directed and open source projects. Channels not related to these things are considered off-topic and encouraged to find a home elsewhere. To support this distinction, channels are divided into namespaces. Primary on-topic channels begin with a single #, and groups wanting to use such a channel must officially register with freenode. "About" channels begin with two ##, and are available on a first-come, first-served basis without needing a group registration.
Server software.
freenode currently runs ircd-seven, a set of freenode-specific patches on the Charybdis IRC server. In 1999 freenode ran an ircd called dancer (based on IRC-Hybrid) then switched to hyperion in 2005. By 2010 hyperion was replaced with ircd-seven which occurred on 30 January 2010.
History.
freenode began as a 4-person Linux support channel called #LinPeople on EFnet, another IRC network. By 1995 after moving to Undernet and then DALnet it moved from being just a channel to its own network, irc.linpeople.org. In early 1998 it changed to Open Projects Net (OPN) with about 200 users and under 20 channels. The OPN soon grew to become the largest network for the free software community, and 20th largest in the world. In 2002 the name changed to freenode and the Peer-Directed Projects Center (PDPC) was founded. PDPC was a registered IRS 501(c)(3) charity from 2002 until approximately 2010, during which it received support from such organizations as the Linux Fund in 2007.
On 24 June 2006, a user with the nickname "ratbert" gained the network privileges of freenode administrator Rob Levin (lilo) and took control of the network. It is likely that approximately 25 user passwords were stolen as a result. This user proceeded to K-line many freenode staff members, and most freenode servers subsequently went down for several hours.
Around 30 January 2010, a new attack was discovered on freenode that had never been seen before in the wild. The Internet troll organisation the Gay Nigger Association of America, famous for the shock site Last Measure, created a piece of JavaScript that caused users of Firefox, as well as SeaMonkey and Mozilla to silently connect to freenode and flood it. This exploit used an ability of Firefox to submit web forms to a port other than 80 (the default HTTP port). Whilst Firefox developers had blocked most ports some time ago, port 6667, the port for IRC, was not blocked.
On 2 February 2014 Freenode suffered a DDoS attack (confirmed by @freenodestaff on Twitter) which caused a partial outage.
On 22 February 2014 Freenode suffered another DDoS attack (confirmed by @freenodestaff on Twitter) which caused partial outage followed by several botnets which attempted to attack #freenode but were redirected to #freenode-unreg. After the attacks several servers remained nullrouted by their providers and for a short time period only a single server in rotation was accepting connections.
Peer-Directed Projects Center.
The PDPC is known as the organization which ran the freenode IRC network, where many prominent open source projects host their official IRC channels. The PDPC was incorporated in England and Wales.
PDPC was created to run the freenode network and to establish a variety of programs relating to peer-directed project communities. According to its charter, the PDPC exists "to help peer-directed project communities flourish", mostly based around free and open source software projects, and encouraging the use of free software through supporting its development. The GNU Project uses the freenode network for communication.
The PDPC was founded and initially directed by Rob Levin. In November 2006, the board went through a reshuffle and new members were installed. Seth Schoen left and Christel Dahlskjaer, senior freenode staffer became the secretary and head of staff on freenode in Schoen's place. Also joining the board was David Levin, Rob's brother.
In March 2013, the PDPC was dissolved. The decision to dissolve was made in part due to the donation levels and costs associated with maintaining its status as a charitable organization in the UK.
Rob Levin.
Robert Levin (16 December 1955 – 16 September 2006), also known as lilo, was the founder of the freenode IRC network and Executive Director of the PDPC charity that helped fund freenode. A computer programmer since 1968, Levin worked as an administrator and an applications programmer from 1978 until his death.
On 12 September 2006, Levin was struck by a car while riding a bicycle at night in Houston, Texas, in a hit-and-run collision. After the collision, it was reported that Levin was hospitalized for several days. He died on 16 September.
OpenProjects.
From 1994 onwards, Levin worked to encourage the use of IRC for Free Software and Open Source projects. Levin was one of the founders of the OpenProjects Network (OPN), which quickly grew to become the largest IRC network used by the free software community. The OpenProjects domains were later put up for sale, but did not sell.
In 2003 "The Register" (UK) reported that Levin mismanaged funds intended for the OPN, quoting him as writing that they went "to paying bills, to paying the rent, to buying food and necessities."

</doc>
<doc id="19681317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681317" title="Don't Spill the Beans">
Don't Spill the Beans

"Don't Spill the Beans" is a children's game for 2 or more players ages 3-6 published by Milton Bradley Company, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc.. The game was originally manufactured by Schaper Toys but acquired by Milton Bradley in 1986 through its then owner, Tyco Toys. The game is described by Hasbro as a "Classic Preschool Game. A Favorite For More Than 30 Years!". 
The object of the game is to toss all one's plastic beans into a pot without tipping the pot over and "spilling the beans". Players are given a pile of beans, and take turns placing them inside a plastic tipping pot. If a player's bean causes the pot to spill over, all the spilled beans are added to their pile. Play continues until one player has put all of his beans into the pot making him the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19681319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681319" title="Cetopsorhamdia">
Cetopsorhamdia

Cetopsorhamdia is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.
Species.
There are currently nine recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19681342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681342" title="Armand Arreza">
Armand Arreza

Armand dela Cruz Arreza (born November 20, 1971) was the 4th Administrator & Chief Executive Officer of the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA). As of present, he was the youngest official to hold the title of Administrator.
Biography and career.
Armand Arreza was born on November 20, 1971 in Quezon City, Philippines, the eldest of the three children of Andres C. Arreza of Cantilan, Surigao del Sur and Priscilla C. Arreza of Manila. His siblings are Arnel C. Arreza and Pamela C. Arreza.
Education.
He attended La Salle Green Hills (LSGH) for both his Elementary and Secondary Education, and graduated in 1985 and 1989 respectively. He earned his Bachelor of Science in Management Engineering at the Ateneo de Manila University in 1993. He received his Masters of Business Administration Majoring in Finance and Operations at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1998. 
During his study in the Wharton School, he became a trustee of the Wharton-Penn Club Foundation. He also later became the Chairman for the Youth Committee of the Rotary Club of Makati, Dasmarinas.
Private sector.
Prior to becoming the SBMA Administrator, He was a senior consultant for the Hong Kong branch of the Monitor Company, a multinational strategy consultancy firm.
From 2000–2002, he was the Chief Operating Officer of Globalstride Customer Services. After this, he became the Operations Director of the American International Group (AIG) Business Processing services, Inc. from January 2005 - September 2005.
In 2006, he became a member of the Board of Governors of the Philippine National Red Cross.
Political career.
His initiation into the ranks of the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority began way back in 1993. Fresh from college, he was among the first employees of SBMA, being a Financial Analyst for the corporation's privatization of infrastructure assets.
Department of Tourism.
After his experience working with various multinational companies he returned to the political scene when he was selected in 2003 as the Undersecretary of the Department of Tourism (DOT). With his assistance, the department headed WOW Philippines Intramuros, a multi-agency initiative for revitalizing Manila’s historic district.
Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority.
On September 2005, following the turnover of SBMA's management, he was appointed as the Administrator and Chief Executive Officer of the Government-Owned & Controlled Corporation. He stepped down on September 19, 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19681345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681345" title="Crack cocaine">
Crack cocaine

Crack cocaine is the freebase form of cocaine that can be smoked. It may also be termed rock, work, hard, iron, cavvy, base, or just crack; it is said to be the most addictive form of cocaine, although this has been contested. Crack rocks offer a short but intense high to smokers. Crack appeared primarily in impoverished inner-city neighborhoods in New York, Los Angeles, and Miami in late 1984 and 1985.
Appearance and characteristics.
In purer forms, crack rocks appear as off-white nuggets with jagged edges, with a slightly higher density than candle wax. Purer forms of crack resemble a hard brittle plastic, in crystalline form (snaps when broken). A crack rock acts as a local anesthetic (see: cocaine), numbing the tongue or mouth only where directly placed. Purer forms of crack will sink in water or melt at the edges when near a flame (crack vaporizes at 90 °C, 194 °F).
Crack cocaine as sold on the streets may be adulterated or "cut" with other substances mimicking the appearance of crack cocaine to increase bulk. Use of toxic adulterants such as levamisole has been documented.
Chemistry.
Sodium bicarbonate (NaHCO3, common baking soda) is a base used in preparation of crack, although other weak bases may substitute for it. The net reaction when using sodium bicarbonate is
With Ammonium bicarbonate:
With Ammonium carbonate:
Crack cocaine is frequently purchased already in rock form, although it is not uncommon for some users to "wash up" or "cook" powder cocaine into crack themselves. This process is frequently done with baking soda (sodium bicarbonate), water, and a spoon. Once mixed and heated, the bicarbonate breaks down into carbon dioxide and sodium carbonate, which then reacts with the hydrochloride of the powder cocaine, leaving cocaine as an oily free base. Once separated from the hydrochloride, the cocaine alkaloid floats to the top of the now leftover liquid. It is at this point that the oil is picked up rapidly, usually with a pin or long thin object. This pulls the oil up and spins it, allowing air to set and dry the oil, and allows the maker to roll the oil into the rock-like shape.
Crack vaporizes near temperature 90 °C (194 °F), much lower than the cocaine hydrochloride melting point of 190 °C (374 °F). Whereas cocaine hydrochloride cannot be smoked (burns with no effect), "crack cocaine" when smoked allows for quick absorption into the blood stream, and reaches the brain in 8 seconds. Crack cocaine can also be injected intravenously with the same effect as powder cocaine. However, whereas powder cocaine dissolves in water, crack must be dissolved in an acidic solution such as lemon juice or white vinegar, a process that effectively reverses the original conversion of powder cocaine to crack.
Psychological effects.
Crack cocaine is a substance that affects the brain chemistry of the user: causing euphoria, supreme confidence, loss of appetite, insomnia, alertness, increased energy, a craving for more cocaine,
and potential paranoia (ending after use).
Its initial effect is to release a large amount of dopamine, a brain chemical inducing feelings of euphoria. The high usually lasts from 5–10 minutes, after which time dopamine levels in the brain plummet, leaving the user feeling depressed and low. When cocaine is dissolved and injected, the absorption into the bloodstream is at least as rapid as the absorption of the drug which occurs when crack cocaine is smoked, and similar euphoria may be experienced.
A typical response among users is to have another hit of the drug; however, the levels of dopamine in the brain take a long time to replenish themselves, and each hit taken in rapid succession leads to progressively less intense highs. However, a person might binge for 3 or more days without sleep, while inhaling hits from the pipe.
Use of cocaine in a binge, during which the drug is taken repeatedly and at increasingly high doses, leads to a state of increasing irritability, restlessness, and paranoia. This may result in a full-blown paranoid psychosis, in which the individual loses touch with reality and experiences auditory hallucinations.
Stimulant drug abuse (particularly amphetamine and cocaine) can lead to delusional parasitosis (aka Ekbom's Syndrome: a mistaken belief they are infested with parasites). For example, excessive cocaine use can lead to formication, nicknamed "cocaine bugs" or "coke bugs," where the affected people believe they have, or feel, parasites crawling under their skin. (Similar delusions may also be associated with high fever or in connection with alcohol withdrawal, sometimes accompanied by visual hallucinations of insects.)
People experiencing these hallucinations might scratch themselves to the extent of serious skin damage and bleeding, especially when they are delirious.
Physiological effects.
The short-term physiological effects of cocaine include constricted blood vessels, dilated pupils, and increased temperature, heart rate, and blood pressure. Large amounts (several hundred milligrams or more) intensify the user's high, but may also lead to bizarre, erratic, and violent behavior. Large amounts can induce tremors, vertigo, muscle twitches, paranoia, or, with repeated doses, a toxic reaction closely resembling amphetamine poisoning. Some users of cocaine report feelings of restlessness, irritability, and anxiety. In rare instances, sudden death can occur on the first use of cocaine or unexpectedly thereafter. Cocaine-related deaths are often a result of cardiac arrest or seizures followed by respiratory arrest.
An appreciable tolerance to cocaine’s high may develop, with many addicts reporting that they seek but fail to achieve as much pleasure as they did from their first experience. Some users will frequently increase their doses to intensify and prolong the euphoric effects. While tolerance to the high can occur, users might also become more sensitive (drug sensitization) to cocaine's local anesthetic (pain killing) and convulsant (seizure inducing) effects, without increasing the dose taken; this increased sensitivity "may" explain some deaths occurring after apparent low doses of cocaine.
Addiction.
Crack cocaine is popularly thought to be the most addictive form of cocaine. However, this claim has been contested: Morgan and Zimmer wrote that available data indicated that "...smoking cocaine by itself does not increase markedly the likelihood of dependence... The claim that cocaine is much more addictive when smoked must be reexamined." They argued that cocaine users who are already prone to abuse are most likely to "move toward a more efficient mode of ingestion" (that is, smoking).
The intense desire to recapture the initial high is what is so addictive for many users. On the other hand, Reinarman et al. wrote that the nature of crack addiction depends on the social context in which it is used and the psychological characteristics of users, pointing out that many heavy crack users can go for days or weeks without using the drugs.
Health issues.
Because crack is an illicit drug, users may consume impure or fake ("bunk") drug, which may pose additional health risks. However, use of crack alone is less dangerous than speedballing or "snowballing" (mixing cocaine with heroin), which can lead to more fatalities than either drug used on its own.
Like other forms of cocaine, smoking crack can increase heart rate and blood pressure, leading to long-term cardiovascular problems. Some research suggests that smoking crack or freebase cocaine has additional health risks compared to other methods of taking cocaine. Many of these issues relate specifically to the release of methylecgonidine and its effect on the heart, lungs, and liver.
Crack lung.
Crack lung is an acute injury to the lungs due to heavy use of smoked crack cocaine. Crack-cocaine smoke constricts blood vessels in the lungs and prevents oxygen and blood from circulating. Extreme crack-cocaine abuse results in scarring and permanent damage (i.e. crack lung). Crack lung is typically accompanied by a fever; other symptoms include cough, difficulty breathing and severe chest pain.
Radiographic imaging of the chest often shows hyperinflation, increased vascular markings, tree-in-bud sign, and the appearance of a "not quite normal chest radiograph". These findings are not specific to crack cocaine, but abuse can support a diagnosis.
Effects in pregnancy and nursing.
"Crack baby" is a term for a child born to a mother who used crack cocaine during her pregnancy. The threat that cocaine use during pregnancy poses to the fetus is now considered exaggerated. Studies show that prenatal cocaine exposure (independent of other effects such as, for example, alcohol, tobacco, or physical environment) has no appreciable effect on childhood growth and development.
However, the official opinion of the National Institute on Drug Abuse of the United States warns about health risks while cautioning against stereotyping:
Many recall that "crack babies," or babies born to mothers who used crack cocaine while pregnant, were at one time written off by many as a lost generation. They were predicted to suffer from severe, irreversible damage, including reduced intelligence and social skills. It was later found that this was a gross exaggeration. However, the fact that most of these children appear normal should not be over-interpreted as indicating that there is no cause for concern. Using sophisticated technologies, scientists are now finding that exposure to cocaine during fetal development may lead to subtle, yet significant, later deficits in some children, including deficits in some aspects of cognitive performance, information-processing, and attention to tasks—abilities that are important for success in school.
Some people previously believed that crack cocaine caused SIDS, but when investigators began looking at the incidence of SIDS in the children of women who used crack cocaine, they found it to be no higher than in children of women who smoked cigarettes.
There are also warnings about the threat of breastfeeding: "It is likely that cocaine will reach the baby through breast milk."
The March of Dimes advises the following regarding cocaine use during pregnancy:
Cocaine use during pregnancy can affect a pregnant woman and her unborn baby in many ways. During the early months of pregnancy, it may increase the risk of miscarriage. Later in pregnancy, it can trigger preterm labor (labor that occurs before 37 weeks of pregnancy) or cause the baby to grow poorly. As a result, cocaine-exposed babies are more likely than unexposed babies to be born with low birthweight (less than ). Low-birthweight babies are 20 times more likely to die in their first month of life than normal-weight babies, and face an increased risk of lifelong disabilities such as mental retardation and cerebral palsy. Cocaine-exposed babies also tend to have smaller heads, which generally reflect smaller brains. Some studies suggest that cocaine-exposed babies are at increased risk of birth defects, including urinary-tract defects and, possibly, heart defects. Cocaine also may cause an unborn baby to have a stroke, irreversible brain damage, or a heart attack.
Legal status.
Cocaine is listed as a Schedule I drug in the United Nations 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, making it illegal for non-state-sanctioned production, manufacture, export, import, distribution, trade, use and possession.
Australia.
In Australia, crack falls under the same category as cocaine, which is listed as a Schedule 8 controlled drug, indicating that any substances and preparations for therapeutic use under this category have high potential for abuse and addiction. It is permitted for some medical use, but is otherwise outlawed.
Canada.
As a Schedule I substance under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, crack is not differentiated from cocaine and other coca products in the Criminal Code of Canada. However, the court may weigh the socio-economic factors of crack usage in sentencing. As a guideline, Schedule I drugs carry a maximum 7-year prison sentence for possession for an indictable offense and up to life imprisonment for trafficking and production. A summary conviction on possession carries a $1000–$2000 fine and/or 6 months to a year imprisonment.
United States.
In the United States, cocaine is a Schedule II drug under the Controlled Substances Act, indicating that it has a high abuse potential but also carries a medicinal purpose. Under the Controlled Substances Act, crack and cocaine are considered the same drug.
The Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1986 increased penalties for crack cocaine possession and usage. It mandated a mandatory minimum sentence of five years without parole for possession of five grams of crack; to receive the same sentence with powder cocaine one had to have 500 grams. This sentencing disparity was reduced from 100-to-1 to 18-to-1 by the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010.
Europe.
In the United Kingdom, crack is a Class A drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971. In the Netherlands it is a List 1 drug of the Opium Law.

</doc>
<doc id="19681359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681359" title="Ruslan Nakhushev">
Ruslan Nakhushev

Ruslan Yuryevich Nakhushev (; born 5 September 1984) is a Russian footballer, who plays for FNL side Mordovia Saransk.
He played 2 games for the PFC CSKA Moscow main squad in the Russian Premier League Cup. He also played 1 game in the UEFA Intertoto Cup 2008 for FC Saturn Moscow Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="19681381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681381" title="Universal Mind Control (song)">
Universal Mind Control (song)

"Universal Mind Control" is the first single released by Common from his 2008 album of the same name, "Universal Mind Control". The single is produced by The Neptunes. The music video premiered on Common's official YouTube channel on October 6, 2008. In a recent Microsoft Zune commercial, Common tells Afrika Bambaataa that, when writing this song, he was influenced by Bambaataa's song "Planet Rock", which the song samples. It is Common's second highest charting single in the U.S. as it peaked at #62 on the Billboard Hot 100. Common uses an interpolation from Gil Scott-Heron's song "No Knock" at the end of his first verse.
Music video.
The music video, directed by Hype Williams, premiered on October 6, 2008 on Common's official YouTube account. The music video features Common in black and white clothes with a metal background. Pharrell, wearing a white Billionaire Boys Club T-shirt, is featured in the video, although his head is replaced with a robot skull. In the beginning and end of the video, a red Zune 80 can be seen. The song was featured in the video game DJ Hero.
An alternate official version of the video leaked on September 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19681409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681409" title="Superellipsoid">
Superellipsoid

In mathematics, a super-ellipsoid or superellipsoid is a solid whose horizontal sections are super-ellipses (Lamé curves) with the same exponent "r", and whose vertical sections through the center are super-ellipses with the same exponent "t".
Super-ellipsoids as computer graphics primitives were popularized by Alan H. Barr (who used the name "superquadrics" to refer to both superellipsoids and supertoroids). However, while some super-ellipsoids are superquadrics, neither family is contained in the other.
Piet Hein's supereggs are special cases of super-ellipsoids.
Formulas.
Basic shape.
The basic super-ellipsoid is defined by the implicit equation
The parameters "r" and "t" are positive real numbers that control the amount of flattening at the tips and at the equator. Note that the formula becomes a special case of the superquadric's equation if (and only if) "t" = "r".
Any "parallel of latitude" of the superellipsoid (a horizontal section at any constant "z" between -1 and +1) is a Lamé curve with exponent "r", scaled by formula_2:
Any "meridian of longitude" (a section by any vertical plane through the origin) is a Lamé curve with exponent "t", stretched horizontally by a factor "w" that depends on the sectioning plane. Namely, if "x" = "u" cos "θ" and "y" = "u" sin "θ", for a fixed "θ", then
where
In particular, if "r" is 2, the horizontal cross-sections are circles, and the horizontal stretching "w" of the vertical sections is 1 for all planes. In that case, the super-ellipsoid is a solid of revolution, obtained by rotating the Lamé curve with exponent "t" around the vertical axis.
The basic shape above extends from −1 to +1 along each coordinate axis. The general super-ellipsoid is obtained by scaling the basic shape along each axis by factors "A", "B", "C", the semi-diameters of the resulting solid. The implicit equation is
Setting "r" = 2, "t" = 2.5, "A" = "B" = 3, "C" = 4 one obtains Piet Hein's superegg.
The general superellipsoid has a parametric representation in terms of surface parameters -π/2 < "v" < π/2, -π < "u" < π 
where the auxiliary functions are
and the sign function sgn("x") is 
The volume inside this surface can be expressed in terms of beta functions, β("m","n") = Γ("m")Γ("n")/Γ("m" + "n"), as

</doc>
<doc id="19681414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681414" title="Live at Sweet Basil Volume 2">
Live at Sweet Basil Volume 2

Live at Sweet Basil Volume 2 is the ninth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the second to feature his Big Band. It was released in 1984 and features performances by Murray, Olu Dara, Baikida Carroll, Craig Harris, Bob Stewart, Vincent Chancey, Steve Coleman, John Purcell, Rod Williams, Fred Hopkins and Billy Higgins conducted by Lawrence "Butch" Morris. The album was preceded by "Live at Sweet Basil Volume 1".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "There are some strong moments, plenty of dense ensembles, and a strong group spirit that makes one wish that the group had recorded a little more coherently in the studios during this period".

</doc>
<doc id="19681430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681430" title="Earthworm">
Earthworm

An earthworm is a tube-shaped, segmented animal commonly found living in soil, that feeds on live and dead organic matter. Its digestive system runs through the length of its body. It conducts respiration through its skin. An earthworm has a double transport system composed of coelomic fluid that moves within the fluid-filled coelom and a simple, closed blood circulatory system. It has a central and a peripheral nervous system. The central nervous system consists of two ganglia above the mouth, one on either side, connected to a nerve cord running back along its length to motor neurons and sensory cells in each segment. Large numbers of chemoreceptors are concentrated near its mouth. Circumferential and longitudinal muscles on the periphery of each segment enable the worm to move. Similar sets of muscles line the gut, and their actions move the digesting food toward the worm's anus.
Earthworms are hermaphrodites—each individual carries both male and female sex organs. As an invertebrate, it lacks a skeleton, but it maintains its structure with fluid-filled coelom chambers that function as a hydrostatic skeleton.
"Earthworm" is the common name for the largest members of Oligochaeta (which is either a class or a subclass depending on the author) in the phylum Annelida. In classical systems, they were placed in the order Opisthopora, on the basis of the male pores opening posterior to the female pores, though the internal male segments are anterior to the female. Theoretical cladistic studies have placed them, instead, in the suborder Lumbricina of the order Haplotaxida, but this may again soon change. Folk names for the earthworm include "dew-worm", "rainworm", "night crawler", and "angleworm" (due to its use as fishing bait).
Larger terrestrial earthworms are also called megadriles (or big worms), as opposed to the microdriles (or small worms) in the semiaquatic families Tubificidae, Lumbriculidae, and Enchytraeidae, among others. The megadriles are characterized by having a distinct clitellum (which is more extensive than that of microdriles) and a vascular system with true capillaries.
Earthworms are far less abundant in disturbed environments and are typically active only if water is present.
Anatomy.
Form and function.
Depending on the species, an adult earthworm can be from long and wide to long and over wide, but the typical "Lumbricus terrestris" grows to about long. 
From front to back, the basic shape of the earthworm is a cylindrical tube, divided into a series of segments that compartmentalize the body. Grooves called "furrows" are generally externally visible on the body demarking the segments; dorsal pores and nephropores exude a fluid that moistens and protects the worm's surface. Except for the mouth and anal segments, each segment carries bristle-like hairs called lateral setae used to anchor parts of the body during movement; species may have four pairs of setae on each segment or more than eight sometimes forming a complete circle of setae per segment. Special ventral setae are used to anchor mating earthworms by their penetration into the bodies of their mates.
Generally, within a species, the number of segments found is consistent across specimens, and individuals are born with the number of segments they will have throughout their lives. The first body segment (segment number 1) features both the earthworm's mouth and, overhanging the mouth, a fleshy lobe called the prostomium, which seals the entrance when the worm is at rest, but is also used to feel and chemically sense the worm's surroundings. Some species of earthworm can even use the prehensile prostomium to grab and drag items such as grasses and leaves into their burrow.
An adult earthworm develops a belt-like glandular swelling, called the clitellum, which covers several segments toward the front part of the animal. This is part of the reproductive system, that creates egg capsules. The posterior is most commonly cylindrical like the rest of the body, but depending on the species, may also be quadrangular, octagonal, trapezoidal, or flattened; the last segment is called the periproct. The earthworm's anus, a short vertical slit, is found on this segment. 
The exterior of an individual segment is a thin cuticle over skin, commonly pigmented red to brown, which has specialized cells that secrete mucus over the cuticle to keep the body moist and ease movement through soil. Under the skin is a layer of nerve tissue, and two layers of muscles—a thin outer layer of circular muscle, and a much thicker inner layer of longitudinal muscle. Interior to the muscle layer is a fluid-filled chamber called a coelom that by its pressurization provides structure to the worm's boneless body. A structure called a nephridium removes metabolic waste and expels it through pores on the sides; two or more nephridia are found in most segments. At the center of a worm is the digestive tract, which runs straight through from mouth to anus without coiling, and is flanked above and below by blood vessels and the ventral nerve cord. The segments are separated from each other by dividing walls called septa that are perforated, which allow the coelomic fluid to pass between segments. 
Many earthworms can eject coelomic fluid through pores in the back in response to stress; Australian "Didymogaster sylvaticus" (known as the "blue squirter earthworm") can squirt fluid as high as . 
Digestive system.
The gut of the earthworm is a straight tube which extends from the worm's mouth to its anus. It is differentiated into a buccal cavity (generally running through the first one or two segments of the earthworm), pharynx (running generally about four segments in length), esophagus, crop, gizzard (usually) and intestine.
Food enters the mouth. The pharynx acts as a suction pump; its muscular walls draw in food. In the pharynx, the pharyngeal glands secrete mucus. Food moves into the esophagus, where calcium (from the blood and ingested from previous meals) is pumped in to maintain proper blood calcium levels in the blood and food pH. From there the food passes into the crop and gizzard. In the gizzard, strong muscular contractions grind the food with the help of mineral particles ingested along with the food. Once through the gizzard, food continues through the intestine for digestion. The intestine secretes pepsin to digest proteins, amylase to digest polysaccharides, cellulase to digest cellulose, and lipase to digest fats. Instead of being coiled like a mammalian intestine, an earthworm's intestine increases surface area to increase nutrient absorption by having many folds running along its length. The intestine has its own pair of muscle layers like the body, but in reverse order—an inner circular layer inside an outer longitudinal layer.
Circulatory system.
The earthworm has a dual circulatory system in which both the coelomaic fluid and a closed circulatory system carry the food, waste, and respiratory gasses. The closed circulatory system has five main blood vessels: the dorsal (top) vessel, which runs above the digestive tract; the ventral (bottom) vessel, which runs below the digestive tract; the subneural vessel, which runs below the ventral nerve cord; and two lateroneural vessels on either side of the nerve cord. The dorsal vessel moves the blood forward, while the other four longitudinal vessels carry the blood to the rear. In segments six through 11, a pair of aortic arches rings the coelom and acts as hearts, pumping the blood to the ventral vessel that acts as the aorta. The blood consists of ameboid cells and hemoglobin dissolved in the plasma. The second circulatory system derives from the cells of the digestive system that line the coelom. As the digestive cells become full, they release non-living cells of fat into the fluid-filled coelom, where they float freely but can pass through the walls separating each segment, moving food to other parts and assisting in wound healing.
Excretory system.
The excretory system contains a pair of nephridia in every segment, except for the first three and the last ones. The three types of nephridia are: integumentary, septal, and pharyngeal. The integumentary nephridia lie attached to the inner side of the body wall in all segments except the first two. The septal nephridia are attached to both sides of the septa behind the 15th segment. The pharyngeal nephridia are attached to fourth, fifth and sixth segments. The waste in the coelom fluid from a forward segment is drawn in by the beating of cilia of the nephrostome. From there it is carried through the septum (wall) where it forms a series of loops entwined by blood capillaries that also transfer waste into the tubule of the nephrostome. The excretory wastes are then finally discharged through a pore on the worm's side.
Respiration.
Earthworms have no special respiratory organs. Gases are exchanged through the moist skin and capillaries, where the oxygen is picked up by the hemoglobin dissolved in the blood plasma and carbon dioxide is released. Water, as well as salts, can also be moved through the skin by active transport.
Reproduction.
Mating occurs on the surface, most often at night. Earthworms are hermaphrodites, that is, they have both male and female sexual organs. The sexual organs are located in segments 9 to 15. Earthworms have one or two pairs of testes contained within sacs. The two or four pairs of seminal vesicles produce, store and release the sperm via the male pores. Ovaries and oviducts in segment 13 release eggs via female pores on segment 14, while sperm is expelled from segment 15. One or more pairs of spermathecae are present in segments 9 and 10 (depending on the species) which are internal sacs that receive and store sperm from the other worm during copulation. As a result, segment 15 of one worm exudes sperm into segments 9 and 10 with its storage vesicles of its mate. Some species use external spermatophores for sperm transfer.
Copulation and reproduction are separate processes in earthworms. The mating pair overlap front ends ventrally and each exchanges sperm with the other. The clitellum becomes very reddish to pinkish in color. Some time after copulation, long after the worms have separated, the clitellum (behind the spermathecae) secretes material which forms a ring around the worm. The worm then backs out of the ring, and as it does so, it injects its own eggs and the other worm's sperm into it. As the worm slips out of the ring, the ends of the cocoon seal to form a vaguely lemon-shaped incubator (cocoon) in which the embryonic worms develop. They emerge as small, but fully formed earthworms, but lack their sex structures, which develop in about 60 to 90 days. They attain full size in about one year. Scientists predict that the average lifespan under field conditions is four to eight years, still most garden varieties live only one to two years. Several common earthworm species are mostly parthenogenetic.
Regeneration.
Earthworms have the ability to regenerate lost segments, but this ability varies between species and depends on the extent of the damage. Stephenson (1930) devoted a chapter of his monograph to this topic, while G.E. Gates spent 20 years studying regeneration in a variety of species, but “because little interest was shown”, Gates (1972) only published a few of his findings that, nevertheless, show it is theoretically possible to grow two whole worms from a bisected specimen in certain species. Despite denial of this phenomenon by some current experts, Gates’s reports included:
An unidentified Tasmanian earthworm shown growing a second head has been reported.
Locomotion and importance to soil.
Earthworms travel underground by the means of waves of muscular contractions which alternately shorten and lengthen the body. The shortened part is anchored to the surrounding soil by tiny claw-like bristles (setae) set along its segmented length. In all the body segments except the first, last and clitellum, there is a ring of S-shaped setae embedded in the epidermal pit of each segment (perichaetine). The whole burrowing process is aided by the secretion of lubricating mucus. Worms can make gurgling noises underground when disturbed as a result of the their movement through their lubricated tunnels. They also work as biological "pistons" forcing air through the tunnels as they move. Thus earthworm activity aerates and mixes the soil, and is conducive to mineralization of nutrients and uptake of them by vegetation. Certain species of earthworm come to the surface and graze on the higher concentrations of organic matter present there, mixing it with the mineral soil. Because a high level of organic matter mixing is associated with soil fertility, an abundance of earthworms is generally considered beneficial by the organic gardener. In fact, as long ago as 1881 Charles Darwin wrote: "It may be doubted whether there are many other animals which have played so important a part in the history of the world, as have these lowly organized creatures." 
Benefits.
The major benefits of earthworm activities to soil fertility can be summarized as:
Earthworms accelerate nutrient cycling in the soil-plant system through fragmentation & mixing of plant debris - physical grinding & chemical digestion. The earthworm's existence cannot be taken for granted. Dr. W. E. Shewell Cooper observed "tremendous numerical differences between adjacent gardens", and worm populations are affected by a host of environmental factors, many of which can be influenced by good management practices on the part of the gardener or farmer.
Darwin estimated that arable land contains up to 53,000 worms per acre (13/m2), but more recent research from Rothamsted Experimental Station has produced figures suggesting that even poor soil may support 250,000/acre (62/m2), whilst rich fertile farmland may have up to 1,750,000/acre (432/m2), meaning that the weight of earthworms beneath a farmer's soil could be greater than that of the livestock upon its surface.
Earthworms as an invasive species.
From a total of around 6,000 species, only about 150 species are widely distributed around the world. These are the peregrine or cosmopolitan earthworms.
Special habitats.
While, as the name earthworm suggests, the main habitat of earthworms is in soil, the situation is more complicated than that. The brandling worm "Eisenia fetida" lives in decaying plant matter and manure. "Arctiostrotus vancouverensis" from Vancouver Island and the Olympic Peninsula is generally found in decaying conifer logs. "Aporrectodea limicola", "Sparganophilus" spp., and several others are found in mud in streams. Some species are arboreal, some aquatic and some euryhaline (salt-water tolerant) and littoral (living on the sea-shore, e.g. "Pontodrilus litoralis"). Even in the soil species, special habitats, such as soils derived from serpentine, have an earthworm fauna of their own.
Ecology.
Earthworms are classified into three main ecophysiological categories: (1) leaf litter- or compost-dwelling worms that are non burrowing, live at soil-litter interface, and eat decomposing OM (called Epigeic) e.g. "Eisenia fetida"; (2) topsoil- or subsoil-dwelling worms that feed (on soil), burrow and cast within soil, creating
horizontal burrows in upper 10–30 cm of soil (called Endogeics); and (3) worms that construct permanent deep vertical burrows which they use to visit the surface to obtain plant material for food, such as leaves (called Anecic (meaning "reaching up")), e.g. "Lumbricus terrestris".
Earthworm populations depend on both physical and chemical properties of the soil, such as temperature, moisture, pH, salts, aeration, and texture, as well as available food, and the ability of the species to reproduce and disperse. One of the most important environmental factors is pH, but earthworms vary in their preferences. Most favor neutral to slightly acidic soils. However, "Lumbricus terrestris" is still present in a pH of 5.4 and "Dendrobaena octaedra" at a pH of 4.3 and some Megascolecidae are present in extremely acidic humic soils. Soil pH may also influence the numbers of worms that go into diapause. The more acidic the soil, the sooner worms go into diapause, and remain in diapause the longest time at a pH of 6.4.
Earthworms form the base of many food chains. They are preyed upon by many species of birds (e.g. starlings, thrushes, gulls, crows, European robins and American robins), snakes, mammals (e.g. bears, foxes, hedgehogs, pigs, moles) and invertebrates (e.g. ground beetles and other beetles, snails, slugs). Earthworms have many internal parasites, including protozoa, platyhelminthes, and nematodes; they can be found in the worms' blood, seminal vesicles, coelom, or intestine, or in their cocoons.
The application of chemical fertilizers, sprays, and dusts are believed to have a disastrous effect on earthworm populations. Nitrogenous fertilizers tend to create acidic conditions, which are fatal to the worms, and dead specimens are often found on the surface following the application of substances such as DDT, lime sulphur, and lead arsenate. In Australia, changes in farming practices such as the application of superphosphates on pastures and a switch from pastoral farming to arable farming had a devastating effect on populations of the giant Gippsland earthworm, leading to their classification as a protected species.
The most reliable way to maintain or increase worm populations in the soil is to avoid the application of chemicals. The addition of organic matter, preferably as a surface mulch, on a regular basis will provide them with their food and nutrient requirements, and will create the optimum conditions of temperature and moisture that will stimulate their activity.
Economic impact.
Various species of worms are used in vermiculture, the practice of feeding organic waste to earthworms to decompose food waste. These are usually "Eisenia fetida" (or its close relative "Eisenia andrei") or the Brandling worm, commonly known as the tiger worm or red wiggler. They are distinct from soil-dwelling earthworms. In the tropics, the African nightcrawler "Eudrilus eugeniae" and the Indian blue "Perionyx excavatus" are used.
Earthworms are sold all over the world; the market is sizable. According to Doug Collicut, "In 1980, 370 million worms were exported from Canada, with a Canadian export value of $13 million and an American retail value of $54 million."
Earthworms are also sold as food for human consumption. "Noke", is a culinary term used by the Māori of New Zealand, refers to earthworms which are considered delicacies for their chiefs.
Taxonomy and distribution.
Within the world of taxonomy, the stable 'Classical System' of Michaelsen (1900) and Stephenson (1930) was gradually eroded by the controversy over how to classify earthworms, such that Fender and McKey-Fender (1990) went so far as to say, "The family-level classification of the megascolecid earthworms is in chaos." Over the years, many scientists developed their own classification systems for earthworms, which led to confusion, and these systems have been and still continue to be revised and updated. The classification system used here, developed by Blakemore (2000), is a modern reversion to the Classical System that is historically proven and widely accepted.
Categorization of a megadrile earthworm into one of its taxonomic families under suborders Lumbricina and Moniligastrida is based on such features as the makeup of the clitellum, the location and disposition of the sex features (pores, prostatic glands, etc.), number of gizzards, and body shape. Currently, over 6,000 species of terrestrial earthworms are named, as provided in a species name database, but the number of synonyms is unknown.
The families, with their known distributions or origins:

</doc>
<doc id="19681442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681442" title="CSK VVS Samara (ice hockey)">
CSK VVS Samara (ice hockey)

CSK VVS Samara (; lit. "Central Sports Club of the Air Force, Samara") are a professional ice hockey team based in Samara, Samara Oblast, Russia. They are currently playing in the West Division of the Russian Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19681450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681450" title="Aerial bomb">
Aerial bomb

An aerial bomb is a type of explosive weapon intended to travel through the air with predictable trajectories, usually designed to be dropped from an aircraft. Aerial bombs include a vast range and complexity of designs, from unguided gravity bombs to guided bombs, hand tossed from a vehicle, to needing a large specially built delivery vehicle; or perhaps "be" the vehicle itself such as a glide bomb, instant detonation or delay-action bomb. The act is termed aerial bombing. As with other types of explosive weapons, aerial bombs are designed to kill and injure people and destroy materiel through the projection of blast and fragmentation outwards from the point of detonation. 
Early bombs.
The first bombs delivered to their targets by air were launched on unmanned balloons, carrying a single bomb, by the Austrians against Venice in 1849.
The first bombs dropped from a heavier-than-air aircraft were grenades or grenade-like devices. Historically, the first use was by Giulio Gavotti on 1 November 1911, during the Italo-Turkish War.
In 1912, during the First Balkan War, Bulgarian Air Force pilot Christo Toprakchiev suggested the use of aircraft to drop "bombs" (called grenades in the Bulgarian army at this time) on Turkish positions. Captain Simeon Petrov developed the idea and created several prototypes by adapting different types of grenades and increasing their payload.
On 16 October 1912, observer Prodan Tarakchiev dropped two of those bombs on the Turkish railway station of Karağaç (near the besieged Edirne) from an Albatros F.2 aircraft piloted by Radul Milkov, for the first time in this campaign.
After a number of tests, Petrov created the final design, with improved aerodynamics, an X-shaped tail, and an impact detonator. This version was widely used by the Bulgarian Air Force during the siege of Edirne. A copy of the plans was later sold to Germany and the bomb, codenamed "Chataldzha" ("Чаталджа"), remained in mass production until the end of World War I. The weight of one of these bombs was 6 kilograms. On impact it created a crater 4-5 meters wide and about 1 meter deep.
Technical description.
Aerial bombs typically use a contact fuze to detonate the bomb upon impact.
See also.
Types of aerial bomb:

</doc>
<doc id="19681464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681464" title="Colorado Amendment 46">
Colorado Amendment 46

Amendment 46, also known as the "Colorado Civil Rights Initiative, was a proposed initiative on the Colorado ballot for 2008. If ratified, Article II of the Colorado Constitution would have stated:
"The State shall not discriminate against, or grant preferential treatment to, any individual or group on the basis of race, sex, color, ethnicity, or national origin in the operation of public employment, public education, or public contracting."
Controversy.
The proposed initiative was sponsored by Californian Ward Connerly. In April, 2008, a Colorado group sued, claiming that over 69,000 signatures on the ballot petition were invalid. Some citizens also claimed that they signed the petition through voter fraud.
Governor Bill Ritter opposed the amendment, along with the Colorado Council of Churches.
Petition Company.
National Ballot Access was hired to manage this petition drive.
Aftermath.
Initiatives with the same language have been introduced and approved in five other states, including California (1996), Washington (1998), Michigan (2006), Nebraska (2008), and Arizona (2010); Colorado was the first state where it was defeated. On December 17, 2010 the University of Colorado at Boulder released a report analyzing the factors that led to the defeat of Amendment 46. According to the study, "...Coloradans overwhelmingly intended to support affirmative action on Election Day; arguably, were Amendment 46 a clearly worded referendum on attitudes toward affirmative action, it would have failed by a much wider margin: 66 to 34 percent." The report also found that (a) many voters were confused by the initiative, (b) voters who followed the measure in the media were more likely to oppose it, and (c) proposed alternative initiatives in support of equal opportunity contributed to the measure's defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="19681480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681480" title="Gephyroglanis">
Gephyroglanis

Gephyroglanis is a genus of claroteid catfishes native to Africa.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19681488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681488" title="Pigeon Key">
Pigeon Key

Pigeon Key is a small island containing the historic district of Pigeon Key, Florida. The island is home to 8 buildings on the National Register of Historic Places, some of which remain from its earliest incarnation as a work camp for the Florida East Coast Railway. Today these buildings serve a variety of purposes, ranging from housing for educational groups to administrative offices for the non-profit Pigeon Key Foundation. The former Assistant Bridge Tender's House has been converted into a small museum featuring artifacts and images from Pigeon Key's colorful past. It is located off the old Seven Mile Bridge, at approximately mile marker 45, west of Knight's Key, (city of Marathon in the middle Florida Keys) and just east of Moser Channel, which is the deepest section of the span.
The island was originally known as "Cayo Paloma" (literally translated as "Pigeon Key") on many old Spanish charts - said to have been named for large flocks of White-crowned pigeons ("Columba leucocephala" Linnaeus) which once roosted there. During the building of Henry Flagler's Overseas Railroad Key West Extension between 1908 and 1912, there were at times as many as 400 workers housed on the island. While these workers built many bridges along the route through the lower keys, the Seven Mile Bridge, spanning the gap between Knight's Key and Little Duck Key remains the largest and most impressive component of what was once referred to as "the 8th Wonder of the World". A number of buildings from the Flagler era remain on the island and are now part of the Pigeon Key Historic District.
Pigeon Key was one of the locations for the "Bal Harbor Institute" in the 1995 series of Flipper. It was seen in three episodes during season one including the pilot episode.
Pigeon Key Historic District.
The Pigeon Key Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on March 16, 1990) located on Pigeon Key in Florida. The district is off U.S. 1 at mile marker 45. It contains 11 historic buildings and 3 structures. The old Seven Mile Bridge (closed to vehicular traffic) crosses over the island and has a pedestrian exit ramp going to the island.

</doc>
<doc id="19681501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681501" title="Aleksei Botvinyev">
Aleksei Botvinyev

Aleksei Vladimirovich Botvinyev (; born 25 June 1981 in Kolomna) is a Russian footballer who last played in Russian Premier League for FC Tom Tomsk.
Club career.
Tom Tomsk.
On 26 December 2010, Botvinyev signed a three-year contract with Russian Premier League side FC Tom Tomsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19681548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681548" title="USS Hisko (ID-1953)">
USS Hisko (ID-1953)

USS "Hisko" (ID-1953) was a tanker that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
Service history.
SS "Hisko" was built for the United States Shipping Board by the Chester Ship Building Company, Chester, Pennsylvania, and launched 15 October 1917. Acquired by the U.S. Navy for World War I service, she was designated with Id. No. 1953 and commissioned as USS "Hisko" on 6 December 1917 at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Lieutenant Commander Louis E. Congdon in command.
After two short runs from New York City to Hampton Roads, Virginia, "Hisko" sailed sailed from Norfolk, Virginia, for England in late December 1917 with a transatlantic convoy. She discharged her cargo of fuel oil into U.S. Navy tanks at Devonport, England, and returned to the United States. She left Norfolk on her second eastbound voyage on 26 January 1918, arriving in Plymouth, England, through severe winter storms on 12 February 1918. She returned to New York on 8 March 1918.
In the following year and a half, the tanker made eleven similar voyages carrying fuel oil to American ships in such scattered points as Devonport, England; Brest, France; the Panama Canal Zone; Ponta Delgada in the Azores; Glasgow, Scotland; and Newfoundland. "Hisko" took on oil at New York for most of this period, although she did make three trips to the Gulf of Mexico to load fuel at Port Arthur, Texas, and Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Several ships in her convoys, including a French cruiser, were torpedoed by German U-boats, but "Hisko" escaped unscathed with her valuable cargo.
Incidents.
On 3 May 1918, "Hisko" departed New York City on a voyage to Plymouth, England. During the night of 12 May 1918, while her convoy was engulfed in dense fog, "Hisko" radioed that she had been in collision with an unknown vessel. This was probably the cargo ship , which appears to have collided with "Hisko" after suffering a steering casualty. "Zaanland" sank before salvage attempts could begin. "Hisko" arrived at Plymouth safely on 18 May 1918.
During a return voyage to New York, "Hisko" was again involved in a ramming incident, this time with the SS Almirante. On the night of 5/6 September 1918, in high seas and fog, "Hisko" was in collision with the 3121 ton Almirante, a passenger freighter of the United Fruit Company, whilst South of the Brigantine shoals at approximately 39.21°N 74.13°W, some sixteen nautical miles off the coast near Atlantic City, NJ. "Hisko" suffered substantial damage to her bow but was able to continue to New York, however Almirante sank quickly in some 70 feet of water. Due to the immediate actions of "Hisko's" crew and the response of the Lifesaving Corps from Atlantic City, of the 105 passengers and crew, only five or seven lives were lost (reports differ).
Later service and fate.
In May 1919, "Hisko" was detached from the Naval Overseas Transportation Service to support the Transatlantic Flying Expedition, in which the U.S. Navy flying boat NC-4 made the first crossing of the Atlantic Ocean by an American aircraft. "Hisko" was one of the tankers that supplied fuel to the three flying boats and to the destroyers involved in this historic operation.
"Hisko" returned to New York from her final overseas trip in U.S. Navy service on 28 September 1919. She decommissioned there on 1 October 1919 and was returned to the United States Shipping Board. As SS "Hisko", she entered commercial service and was renamed SS "Beta" in 1925. She was scrapped at Baltimore, Maryland, in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19681551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681551" title="Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19681571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681571" title="Eaglesomia eaglesomei">
Eaglesomia eaglesomei

Eaglesomia eaglesomei is an extinct species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Claroteidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19681623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681623" title="Richard Petty's Talladega">
Richard Petty's Talladega

"Richard Petty's Talladega (later reissued simply as Talledega") is an arcade-style racing computer game featuring Richard Petty and Talladega Superspeedway that was released in 1985 to the North American and European markets. 
Gameplay.
The player races against "The King" and eighteen other professional drivers. The player must maintain his automobile through strategic pit stops after qualifying. Vehicles in the game have the capability of going 250 miles per hour (402.3 kilometres per hour) without turbo boost and 294 miles per hour (473.2 kilometres per hour) with a turbo boost.
Players that do not qualify are not entitled to race in that particular race. However, they can receive the results of that race, and are given a chance to qualify for the next race. The race automatically ends when the player crash the vehicle, runs out of gasoline, blows a tire or completes the race.

</doc>
<doc id="19681624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681624" title="Children (David Murray album)">
Children (David Murray album)

Children is the eighth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1984 and features performances by Murray, James "Blood" Ulmer, Don Pullen, Lonnie Plaxico and Marvin "Smitty" Smith.
The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay "Free Jazz: A Subjective History" as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The somewhat noisy performances are pretty spontaneous and, thanks to Pullen's rhythmic style, a little more accessible than one might expect, despite being quite adventurous.".

</doc>
<doc id="19681632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681632" title="Smash the Windows">
Smash the Windows

Smash The Windows is the first full-length album from the DIY folk punk band Mischief Brew. The album was released in 2005 by Fistolo Records (US), and in 2006 by Gunner Records (EU). It was recorded in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, NY at Vibromonk Studios by Tamir Muskat and Danny Shatzky, December 2004-January 2005. The album has guest appearances from members of World Inferno, Guignol, Evil Robot Us', and Leftöver Crack.
Critical reception.
Reviews for 'Smash the Windows' were mixed, but mostly favorable. Punknews called it, "DIY folk punk at its finest," while HeartattaCk Zine praised the lyrics: "Poetic anthems to a downtrodden life and the hope for a brighter tomorrow that inspire you to throw a wrench in the gears and enjoy what little of the natural world is left." Razorcake Magazine, however, described it as "Sub-Pogues pseudo Celtic style balladeering," claiming that it " really rocks out; it just plods along like a campfire singalong." 
Shortly after its release, The Village Voice rated Erik Petersen/Mischief Brew "Best Anarchist Political Folk-Punk Singer" in their Best of NYC 2005 Issue. Alternative Press rated "A Liquor Never Brewed" one of the "Top Ten Essential Folk Punk Songs."

</doc>
<doc id="19681672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681672" title="Vladimir Yurchenko">
Vladimir Yurchenko

Uladzimir Vasilyevich Yurchanka (Belarusian: Уладзімір Васілевіч Юрчанка; ; born 26 January 1989 in Mogilev) is a Belarussian footballer, who plays for Shakhtyor Salihorsk.
Yurchenko made his debut for the U-21 national team on 9 September 2008, in a match against Latvia U21. He was part of the Belarus U21 side that participated in the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship and made appearances in all three matches. On 12 August 2009, Yurchenko netted his first goal for the Belarus U21 team, opening the scoring against the Austria U21 in the 2–1 home win in a 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifier. On 12 October 2010, Yurchenko netted twice to help his team to a 3–0 win against Italy U21, which secured qualification for the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
On 2 November 2010, Yurchenko earned his first call-up to the senior team of his country, but was subsequently injured and withdrawn from the squad for the friendly match against Oman.
On 1 June 2011, Yurchenko was selected to take part in the 2011 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in Denmark, but was injured in a pre-tournament friendly and missed the competition. He was replaced by Aliaksandr Perepechka. Following his recovery from injury, he made the Belarusian squad for the 2012 Toulon Tournament and participated in all three group stage matches. He was also selected as part of the preliminary squad (including 43 players) for the 2012 London Olympics, but did not make the final cut of 22 (18 nominees + 4 reserves) footballers for the games.

</doc>
<doc id="19681686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681686" title="NAPLC">
NAPLC

The National Association of Police & Lay Charities (NAPLC) is an American 501(c)(3) charity started in 1997 in Washington, D.C.
The mission statement of NAPLC began simply enough, but in time was expanded to allow partnerships with various secular, lay charities. The NAPLC mission broadened into helping reduce the recidivism rate in U.S. prisons, fighting the illiteracy of American school children, and even into helping Deaf people learn a SignWriting modality, that aids in developing their literacy.
After the emergence of NAPLC, the organization began its long association with the Teddy Bear Cop's Program, wherein teddy bears are given by policemen, fire fighters, and emergency rescue workers to children in traumatized situations.
According to Charity Navigator, only 21.4% of the income went to the target program in 2006 (72.6% went to fund raising and 5.9% to administrative expenses). The Better Business Bureau reports that NAPLC did not respond to their requests for information.
Teddy Bear Cops Program.
The mission of the Teddy Bear Cops program is to get teddy bears into the hands of police, fire and emergency officials across the country, so that they can give teddy bears to a child or children at the scene of incidents.
NAPLC Website.
Over a decade ago NAPLC started a car donation program on the Internet in order to raise funds for purchasing teddy bears in large quantities and shipping them to various police and fire officials to forward the Teddy Bear Cops Program.
The NAPLC website has developed into a large and informative site, especially with data regarding charitable vehicle donations. The website provides accurate historical and contemporary information about the Internal Revenue Service laws and changes regarding car donations.
In the early years of its formation it was found that many donors wished to assist the charity but could not benefit by a tax deduction and so the recycling program was launched in order to always give something back to those that contributed in any way to the Teddy Bear Cops Program.
The NAPLC website has grown to include all the information needed to participate in the US taxpayer vehicle donation program, as well as title transfer information.

</doc>
<doc id="19681693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681693" title="IFPO">
IFPO

IFPO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19681702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681702" title="Ant follower">
Ant follower

Ant followers are birds that feed by following swarms of army ants and take prey flushed by those ants. The best-known ant-followers are 18 species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae, but other families of birds may follow ants including thrushes, chats, ant-tanagers, cuckoos, and woodcreepers. 
Ant followers may be obligate, meaning that they derive most of their diet by following ant swarms, or non-obligate, meaning they derive only some of their diet from this behaviour. Some species may feed extensively at ant swarms yet may not be obligate ant followers, being able to and regularly feeding away from the swarms as well.
Many species of tropical ants form large raiding swarms, but the swarms are often nocturnal or raid underground. While birds visit these swarms when they occur, the species most commonly attended by birds is the Neotropical species "Eciton burchellii", which is both diurnal and surface-raiding. 
It was once thought that attending birds were actually eating the ants, but numerous studies in various parts of "E. burchellii's" range has shown that the ants act as beaters, flushing insects, other arthropods and small vertebrates into the waiting flocks of "ant followers". Because "E. burchellii" is the only regular diurnal army ant specialised and regular ant-followers mostly occur in its Neotropical range, but Afrotropical birds do follow driver ants in the genus "Dorylus".
It was once suggested that the relationship between the obligate and regular ant-followers and the army ants, particularly "Eciton burchellii", was mutualistic, with the ants benefiting by having the birds chase prey back down towards them. However experiments where ant followers were excluded have shown that the foraging success of the army ants was 30% lower when the birds were present, suggesting that the birds' relationship was in fact parasitic. This has resulted in a number of behaviours by the ants in order to reduce kleptoparasitism, including hiding of secured prey in the leaf litter and caching of food on trails. It has been suggested that the depressive effect of this parasitism slows the development of "E. burchellii" swarms and in turn benefits other ant species which are preyed upon by army ants.
Despite the easier availability of prey, ant followers face an element of risk, as these small birds can be killed by four stings from fire ants.

</doc>
<doc id="19681733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681733" title="Charles Scribner's Sons Building">
Charles Scribner's Sons Building

Charles Scribner's Sons Building is a building in Manhattan at 597 Fifth Avenue, built 1912–13 to house the Scribner's Bookstore.
It was designed by Ernest Flagg in a Beaux Arts style. Among its many details are piers anchoring three large bays which include four medallions with busts of printers: Benjamin Franklin, William Caxton, Johann Gutenberg, and Aldus Manutius.
It was nominated for listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 and was deemed to have met the architectural and historical criteria for acceptance. But its owners objected in January 1982 as they were entitled to do in the NRHP listing process, so it was not finally listed.
The Benetton Group purchased the building in the 1980s. Declining business forced the Scribner's Bookstore to relocate to a lower-rent district in New York before it was acquired by Barnes & Noble, Inc. The building has subsequently housed Brentano's bookstore, a Benetton clothing store, and presently Sephora, a cosmetics retailer.
A&A Investment Co. bought the Scribner Building in 2006. It was sold on to Thor Equities in 2011.
The Old Scribner Building, at 153-157 Fifth Ave. (at 21st), another Beaux Arts building designed by Ernest Flagg and built in 1893, was listed on the National Register in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19681737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681737" title="Ashtabula County Medical Center">
Ashtabula County Medical Center

Ashtabula County Medical Center (ACMC) is a private, not-for-profit, community-oriented multi-specialty hospital, located in Ashtabula County, Ohio. It serves the people of Ashtabula County and the surrounding areas in Northeastern Ohio. ACMC, an affiliate of Cleveland Clinic is a 249-licensed bed hospital with over 108 years of caring for the residents of Northeastern Ohio. ACMC’s history is rooted in community needs and support. 
Built in 1904 to deliver care to railroad workers, Ashtabula County Medical Center has evolved from a one-room wood framed building into the county’s only full-service hospital.
The hospital operates the county's only cardiac catheterization lab, skilled nursing unit and behavioral medicine unit, in addition to a sleep disorders lab, as well as many specialized services. The Ashtabula Clinic is a multi-speciality group physician practice that is physically connected to the hospital.
History.
The Ashtabula River Railroad Disaster on December 29, 1876 was one of the greatest train disasters in our nation’s history. The Pacific Express number 5 was traveling through Ashtabula, heading west, during a heavy snowstorm. The iron bridge that carried trains over the “gulf”, a gorge formed by the Ashtabula River, fractured in the center and the eleven cars and 159 passengers plunged seventy feet to the bottom of the gorge. There was no hospital in the County at the time. Residents soon realized that there could be future disasters, as well as other illnesses and injuries in the community – and that a local hospital was needed. The first hospital in Ashtabula was built just a few hundred yards from the bridge that failed the night of the train disaster.
Shortly after the Ashtabula General Hospital opened in 1904, young women enteres its nursing-training school. With the increase in the number enrolling by the 1920s the Amelia E.Lewis Nurses' Home (currently known as the Lewis Building) opened on February 27, 1930. 
In 1952, a new 150-bed hospital opened. A new wing, built in 1963, brought the hospital up to 226 beds. In 1975 the city celebrated the opening of a new two-story south wing.
In December 2008, ACMC invested $3.5 million to bring the gold standard of diagnosing heart disease – cardiac catheterization – to the community by building the Cleveland Clinic Cardiac Catheterization Lab at ACMC. f the first Cardiac Catheterization Lab (commonly known as the Cath Lab) in Ashtabula County. ACMC provides OB/GYN care and maternity/birthing services in a newly renovated maternity unit.
Affiliation.
In 1994 Ashtabula County Medical Center affiliated with the renowned Cleveland Clinic to provide anesthesia, radiology, pathology and pain management services. Later that year, ACMC acquired Glenbeigh to ensure alcohol and chemical dependency programs would remain in the county. In 1999, ACMC became an affiliate of the Cleveland Clinic Health System (CCHS). Since 2001 the President and CEO of Ashtabula County Medical Center, as well as several key executives, became employed by Cleveland Clinic and have dual accountability to the ACMC Board of Trustees and to Cleveland Clinic leadership.
ACMC merged with The Ashtabula Clinic, a multi-specialty physician practice, in 1995, establishing an integrated physician-hospital delivery system in the county.
Reputation.
ACMC is the only full-service hospital in Ashtabula County. The hospital discharges just under 7,000 patients, performs approximately 8,000 inpatient and outpatient surgeries, treats over 35,000 people in the Emergency Department, conducts over 65,000 diagnostic tests and delivers approximately 400 babies each year.
The ACMC Healthcare System has also been recognized as one of the 99 Best Places to Work in Northeast Ohio for eight consecutive years and as a Great Workplace by Workplace Dynamics for two consecutive years.
Ashtabula County Medical Center is accredited by The Joint Commission and is the largest private employer in the County.
ACMC is the only hospital in Ashtabula County to be certified in chest pain, heart failure and stroke treatment. In addition, ACMC is the only hospital in Ashtabula County to offer cardiac catheterization, maternity care, skilled nursing care, behavioral medicine, and comprehensive wound care and hyperbaric oxygen therapy.
Ashtabula County Medical Center is an affiliate of Cleveland Clinic, which was again ranked fourth in the United States by U.S. News & World Report.
ACMC Healthcare System.
The ACMC Healthcare System includes Ashtabula County Medical Center The Ashtabula Clinic [http://acmc.netreturns.biz/providers/, Glenbeigh Hospital and Outpatient Centers Ashtabula Regional Home Health [http://www.ashtabulahomehealth.org/, the ACMC Foundation [http://www.acmchealth.org/Foundation.aspx] and a 50 percent ownership of Community Care Ambulance.
The healthcare system is unique in also having a fitness center, The Premiere Fitness which offers a medical-based approach to health and wellness. Pulse is Ashtabula County Medical Center's community newsletter published regularly as a community service for the friends and patrons of Ashtabula County Medical Center providing wellness and health maintenance tips.[http://www.acmchealth.org/AboutUs-publication.aspx
The Ashtabula Clinic.
TAC also operates satellite clinics in the communities of Jefferson and North Kingsville.

</doc>
<doc id="19681738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681738" title="United States Senate election in Arizona, 2004">
United States Senate election in Arizona, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Arizona took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator John McCain won re-election to a fourth term.
Campaign.
Since 1998, McCain had an eventful third term. He challenged Texas Governor George W. Bush in the Presidential primary and despite winning the New Hampshire primary, he lost the nomination. Solidifying his image as a maverick, he voted against the Bush tax cuts. He supported limits on stem cell research. He had a lopsided favorable ratings of 39% to 9% unfavorable in the most recent New York Times/CBS News poll. 
Stuart Starky, an eighth-grade teacher in South Phoenix, was widely known as a long-shot challenger. Starky stated that "I truly believe he's going to run for president again." Starky was called by "The Arizona Republic" a "sacrificial lamb", put on ballot because there were no chances to beat McCain. During his campaign, he debated McCain twice, once in Tucson and once in Flagstaff. He was also featured on the cover of Teacher Magazine, dubbed the "Unsinkable Stu Starky." Starky was defeated in a landslide. But, despite the relatively low percentage, he gained the highest vote per dollar amount in the country, spending only about $15,000 for his campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19681789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681789" title="Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum">
Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum

The Wichita-Sedgwick County Historical Museum is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to preserving and presenting the local history of Wichita and Sedgwick County, Kansas, USA, to the public. The museum was established in 1939 as the Wichita Public Museum. Today the museum resides in the original City Hall building designed by William T. Proudfoot and George W. Bird in 1890, located at 204 S. Main. Exhibits are housed on four floors and are open to the public six days a week for a nominal admission fee. The museum is supported in part through city and county funding and through the support of its sizable membership base. The museum has been accredited by the American Alliance of Museums since 1972.
The old Wichita City Hall has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19681795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681795" title="Caranx">
Caranx

Caranx is a genus of tropical to subtropical marine fishes in the jack family Carangidae, commonly known as jacks, trevallies and kingfishes. They are moderate- to large-sized, deep-bodied fishes which are distinguished from other carangid genera by specific gill raker, fin ray and dentition characteristics. The genus is represented in the Pacific, Indian and Atlantic Oceans, inhabiting both inshore and offshore regions, ranging from estuaries and bays to deep reefs and offshore islands. All species are powerful predators, taking a variety of fish, crustaceans and cephalopods, while they in turn are prey to larger pelagic fishes and sharks. A number of fish in the genus have a reputation as powerful gamefish and are highly sought by anglers. They often make up high amounts of the catch in various fisheries, but are generally considered poor to fair table fishes.
Taxonomy and naming.
The genus "Caranx" is one of 30 currently recognised genera of fish in the jack and horse mackerel family Carangidae, which are perciform fishes in the suborder Percoidei. The species has long been placed in the subfamily Caranginae (or tribe Carangini), with modern molecular and genetic studies indicating this subdivision is acceptable, and "Caranx" is well defined as a genus. Phylogenetically, the monotypic genus of "Gnathanodon" is most closely related to "Caranx"; and indeed its sole member was once classified under "Caranx".
"Caranx" was created by the French naturalist Bernard Germain de Lacépède in 1801 to accommodate a new species he had described, "Caranx carangua" (the crevalle jack), which was later found to be a junior synonym of "Scomber hippos", which in turn was transferred to "Caranx". The early days of carangid taxonomy had over 100 'species' designated as members of the genus, most of which were synonyms, and a number of genera were created which were later synonymised with "Caranx". "Caranx" took authority over these other genera names due to its prior description, rendering the rest as invalid junior synonyms. Today, after extensive reviews of the family, 18 species are considered valid by major taxonomic authorities Fishbase and ITIS, although many other species are unable to be properly validated due to poor descriptions. The fish in the genus are commonly referred to as jacks, trevallies or kingfishes. Like the genus "Carangoides", the word "Caranx" is derived from the French "carangue", used for some fishes of the Caribbean.
Species.
The 18 currently recognized species in this genus are:
Evolution.
The first representative of "Caranx" found in the fossil record dates back to the mid-Eocene, a period when many modern Perciform lineages appeared. Fossils mostly consist of otoliths, with the bony skeletal material rarely preserved. They are generally found in shallow marine or brackish water sedimentary deposits.
A number of extinct species have been definitively identified and scientifically named, including:
Description.
The species in the genus "Caranx" are all moderately large to very large fishes, growing from around 50 cm in length to a known maximum length of 1.7 m and 80 kg in weight; a size which is only achieved by the giant trevally, "Caranx ignobilis", the largest species of "Caranx". In their general body profile, they are similar to a number of other jack genera, having a deep, compressed body with a dorsal profile more convex than the ventral. The dorsal fin is in two parts, the first consisting of 8 spines and the second of one spine and between 16 and 25 soft rays. The anal fin has one or two detached anterior spines, with 1 spine and between 14 and 19 soft rays. The caudal fin is strongly forked. All species have moderate to very strong scutes on the posterior section of their lateral lines. All members of "Caranx" are all generally silver to grey in colour, with shades of blue or green dorsally, while some species have coloured spots on their flanks. Fin colours range from hyaline to yellow, blue and black.
The specific characteristics that distinguish the genus relate to specific anatomical details, with these being a gill raker count between 20 and 31 on the first gill arch, 2 to 4 canines anteriorly positioned in each jaw, and dorsal and anal rays which are never produced into filaments as seen in genera such as "Alectis" and "Carangoides".
Distribution and habitat.
Species from the genus "Caranx" are distributed throughout the tropical and subtropical waters of the world, inhabiting the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans. They are known from the coasts of all continents and islands (including remote offshore islands) within this range, and have a fairly even species distribution, with no particular region having unusually high amounts of "Caranx" species.
Most species are coastal fish, and very few venture into waters further offshore than the continental shelf, and these species are generally moved by ocean currents. They inhabit a range of environments including sand flats, bays, lagoons, reefs, sea mounts and estuaries. Most species are demersal, or bottom dwelling, in nature, while others are pelagic, moving long distances in the upper water column.
Biology and fisheries.
The level of biological information known about each species in "Caranx" is generally related to how important they are commercially. All species are predatory fish, taking smaller fish, crustaceans and cephalopods as prey. Most species form schools as juveniles, but generally become more solitary with age. Reproduction and growth has been studied in a number of species, with these characteristics varying greatly between species.
All species in "Caranx" are of at least minor importance to fisheries, but a number are much more so due to their abundance in certain regions. Most are considered to be gamefish, with some such as the giant trevally and bluefin trevally highly sought after by anglers. They are generally considered poor to fair quality table fishes, and have had a number of ciguatera poisoning cases attributed to them.

</doc>
<doc id="19681818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681818" title="The Lost Dog">
The Lost Dog

The Lost Dog is a 2007 novel by Australian writer Michelle de Kretser.

</doc>
<doc id="19681846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681846" title="Bathybagrus sianenna">
Bathybagrus sianenna

Bathybagrus sianenna is a species of claroteid catfish endemic to Lake Tanganyika on the border of Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and Zambia. Its natural habitats are rivers and freshwater lakes. It grows to a length of 23.0 cm (9.1 inches) SL and is a component of local subsistence fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="19681862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681862" title="Lipstick Traces (on a Cigarette)">
Lipstick Traces (on a Cigarette)

"Lipstick Traces (on a Cigarette)" is a song first recorded by New Orleans singer Benny Spellman in 1962. It was written by Allen Toussaint under the pseudonym Naomi Neville. The song became Spellman's only hit record, peaking at number 28 on the "Billboard" R&B chart and number 80 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart. The flip side of the single was "Fortune Teller", made famous by The Rolling Stones cover among others.
"Lipstick Traces (on a Cigarette)" was recorded in New Orleans on February 2, 1962. The background vocals were done by label mates Irma Thomas and Willie Harper.
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by number of artists and bands. One of the earliest covers was done by The O'Jays in 1965. (Imperial single 66102) Their version peaked on the R&B chart at #28 and #48 on the pop chart. It was included in the album "Comin' Through" (Imperial 9290), released in the same year.
Ringo Starr covered it in his 1978 album "Bad Boy". Starr's version was released as a single in the US, backed with "Old Time Revolvin'", on 17 April 1978. Other artists that covered the song include Snooks Eaglin, Frankie Ford, Delbert McClinton, Amazing Rhythm Aces and Alex Chilton. Joe Krown did an instrumental version of the song in his album "Old Friends", released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19681868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681868" title="Scribner Building">
Scribner Building

The Scribner Building, also known as Old Scribner Building, was designed by Ernest Flagg in a Beaux Arts style and was built in 1893. It is located at 153-157th Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, at 21st Street. It served as the corporate headquarters of Charles Scribner's Sons publishing company.
The Scribner Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Ernest Flagg also designed its successor building, the Charles Scribner's Sons Building, at 597 Fifth Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19681878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681878" title="New Life (David Murray album)">
New Life (David Murray album)

New Life is the tenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the fourth to feature his Octet. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Murray, Baikida Carroll, Hugh Ragin, Craig Harris, John Purcell, Adegoke Steve Colson, Wilber Morris and Ralph Peterson, Jr..
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "The tunes ("Train Whistle," "Morning Song," "New Life" and "Blues in the Pocket") are each fairly memorable -- the themes are strong than usual -- and as usual, the Octet features the right combination of adventurous solos and colorful writing. Recommended.".

</doc>
<doc id="19681907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681907" title="2008 Rugby League World Cup squads">
2008 Rugby League World Cup squads

The 2008 Rugby League World Cup featured the national teams (selected from twenty-four-man squads) of ten nations: Australia, England, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, France, Scotland, Ireland, Samoa, and Tonga.
Pool A.
Australia.
Head Coach: Ricky Stuart 
Assistant coaches: John Cartwright and Allan Langer
England.
Head Coach: Tony Smith /Asst. coach: Steve McNamara
New Zealand.
Head coach: Stephen Kearney Asst. coach: Wayne Bennett 
Papua New Guinea.
Head Coach: Adrian Lam 
Pool B.
Fiji.
Head Coach: Joe Dakuitoga 
France.
Head Coach: John Monie 
Scotland.
Except for Edinburgh Eagles stand-off Paddy Couper, all of the Scottish team's players were selected under the grandparent rule.
Head Coach: Steve McCormack 
Pool C.
Ireland.
Head Coach: Andy Kelly 
Samoa.
Head Coach: John Ackland 
Tonga.
Head Coach: Jim Dymock 
Welcome to Country.
As part of the official opening of the World Cup on 26 October, an exhibition game was played between an Aboriginal selection and a New Zealand Māori side.
Indigenous Dreamtime Team.
Head Coach: Neil Henry 
New Zealand Māori.
Head Coach: Luke Goodwin 

</doc>
<doc id="19681917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681917" title="Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church (Minneapolis, Minnesota)">
Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church (Minneapolis, Minnesota)

Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church is a church in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, adjacent to the University of Minnesota East Bank campus. The church was built in 1915-1917 by a Swedish Lutheran congregation to serve university students. It was designed by Chapman and Magney and built in the Gothic Revival style.
The congregation was organized in Minneapolis in 1903 by the Swedish immigrant-dominated Augustana Evangelical Lutheran Church. At the time, Minnesota boasted a large population of Swedish immigrants. In 1905, the state had 126,000 Swedes, of whom 38,000 lived in Minneapolis and Saint Paul. In Minneapolis, there was a concentration of Swedish settlers in the Seven Corners neighborhood, around Washington and Cedar Avenues, on the west bank of the Mississippi River. Grace Church was organized as one of the first English-speaking congregations of the Augustana Synod in Minneapolis. In 1914, the congregation merged with Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Sharon Church of Minneapolis, located on the east bank of the Mississippi.
The two congregations, now united under the name Grace Evangelical Lutheran Church, decided to sell their individual properties and build a common church near the University of Minnesota and Minnesota College, a school run by the synod. Minnesota College donated land at the corner of Harvard and Delaware Streets, and the church retained the firm of Chapman and Magney to design their new building. The firm was also responsible for designing the Sumner Community Library in 1915 and the Saxe Movie Theater, later the Forum Cafeteria, in 1914. The design was well-received, and construction of the new church building began in late 1915. The first service was held on December 24, 1916, in the basement of the partially completed building. Construction was finished in late 1917, and the church was dedicated on December 9, 1917. However, the congregation had run short on funds for furnishing the interior, so some temporary lighting fixtures and seating were used until the congregation could afford permanent furnishings.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19681935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681935" title="United States Senate election in Arkansas, 2004">
United States Senate election in Arkansas, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Arkansas took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Democratic incumbent U.S. Senator Blanche Lincoln ran for re-election. Lincoln won re-election, while President George W. Bush carried the state with almost the same margin of victory.
Background.
The Democratic Party holds super-majority status in the Arkansas General Assembly. A majority of local and statewide offices are also held by Democrats. This is rare in the modern South, where a majority of statewide offices are held by Republicans. Arkansas had the distinction in 1992 of being the only state in the country to give the majority of its vote to a single candidate in the presidential election—native son Bill Clinton—while every other state's electoral votes were won by pluralities of the vote among the three candidates. Arkansas has become more reliably Republican in presidential elections in recent years. The state voted for John McCain in 2008 by a margin of 20 percentage points, making it one of the few states in the country to vote more Republican than it had in 2004. (The others being Louisiana, Tennessee, Oklahoma and West Virginia.) Obama's relatively poor showing in Arkansas was likely due to a lack of enthusiasm from state Democrats following former Arkansas First Lady Hillary Clinton's failure to win the nomination, and his relatively poor performance among rural white voters. 
Democrats have an overwhelming majority of registered voters, the Democratic Party of Arkansas is more conservative than the national entity. Two of Arkansas' three Democratic Representatives are members of the Blue Dog Coalition, which tends to be more pro-business, pro-military, and socially conservative than the center-left Democratic mainstream. Reflecting the state's large evangelical population, the state has a strong social conservative bent. Under the Arkansas Constitution Arkansas is a right to work state, its voters passed a ban on same-sex marriage with 74% voting yes, and the state is one of a handful that has legislation on its books banning abortion in the event "Roe vs. Wade" is ever overturned.
General election.
Campaign.
Lincoln was a popular incumbent. In March, she an approval rating of 55%. Lincoln calls herself an advocate for rural America, having grown up on a farm herself. Holt is from Northwest Arkansas, who also lives on a farm. Holt was widely known as a long shot. By the end of June, he only raised $29,000, while Lincoln had over $5 million cash on hand. Holt tried to make gay marriage a major issue, because defining marriage was on the ballot. He even said "it is the most important issue, I believe, in America."

</doc>
<doc id="19681948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681948" title="Patrick Brazeau">
Patrick Brazeau

Patrick Brazeau (born November 11, 1974) is a suspended Canadian senator, who until February 7, 2013, was sitting with the Conservative Party. At the age of , he was the youngest member of the Senate. From February 2006 until January 2009 he held the position of national chief of the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples. Brazeau was expelled from the Conservative caucus following his February 7, 2013, arrest for domestic assault and sexual assault. Brazeau is currently employed as day manager of an Ottawa strip club called the BareFax. 
Life and career.
Brazeau is an Algonquin from the Kitigan Zibi reserve near Maniwaki. He worked at HMCS Carleton, a Royal Canadian Naval Reserve unit based out of Ottawa that operates under the Canadian Forces Maritime Command. Brazeau earned a DEC in social sciences from CEGEP Heritage College (Gatineau) and has studied, but dropped out of civil law at the University of Ottawa.
Fluent in both official Canadian languages, English and French, Brazeau's language preference is French.
Brazeau joined the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples (CAP) in 2001 and was elected vice-chief in April 2005. He acted as national chief from February 2006 until his election later in November of the same year. He is a member of CAP's affiliate, Alliance Autochtone du Quebec Inc. also known as the Native Alliance of Quebec, or the AAQ or NAQ.
Brazeau pursued a very vocal strategy to obtain repeal of Section 67 of the Canadian Human Rights Act as his CAP vision. His position was that Section 67 impeded the individual human rights of aboriginals by its insistence that communal Indian Act rights superseded the CHRA. In this position he was supported by editorials of the National Post and the Globe and Mail. Brazeau endorsed passage of Bill C-21 as a step toward reform of Aboriginal governance, suggesting on 20 June 2008 that the extension of human rights protection “will ultimately lead to the dismantling of the Indian Act.”
On December 22, 2008, Brazeau was appointed to the Senate on the advice of Prime Minister Stephen Harper. He was sworn in as a senator on January 8, 2009.
On March 31, 2012, Brazeau lost in a celebrity boxing match to Liberal MP Justin Trudeau. Brazeau has stated he would like a rematch with Trudeau; both camps have yet to set a date.
Controversy.
Two salaries.
Brazeau was criticized for stating his intention to accept a seat in the Senate and concurrently remain national chief of the CAP thus collecting two publicly funded six-figure salaries; a decision from which he subsequently retreated by resigning as CAP chief. He has also come under fire over a sexual harassment complaint made against him to the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario and for allegedly condoning heavy drinking during business hours.
Brazeau resigned from his position of national chief of the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples on January 9, 2009, issuing the following statement on the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples' website:
Use of CAP funds.
In addition, he has faced allegations around the spending of funds received by the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples for aboriginal health programs. "The Globe and Mail" reported on January 19, 2009, that Health Canada auditors rejected almost $260,000 in congress expenses out of a budget of $472,900 allocated to the congress by the ministry, alleging that much of the money had been spent on board meetings where health issues were not discussed. Conservative Party spokesman Kory Teneycke indicated that the alleged misspending occurred before Brazeau became chief of the organization, and that Brazeau took steps to address the problem once he took over the leadership.
Senate attendance record.
On June 26, 2012, Brazeau came under fire after attacking Canadian Press journalist Jennifer Ditchburn via his official Twitter account. Brazeau publicly called Ditchburn a "bitch" after she reported on his poor Senate attendance record. Brazeau did in fact have poor attendance on the Senate floor: the Senate attendance register showed that he was absent for 25% of the Senate's 72 sittings between June 2011 and April 2012. He was also absent for 31% of the meetings of the human rights committee, where he is deputy-chair, and for 65% of meetings at the Senate Standing Committee on Aboriginal Peoples, on which he sits.
Residency controversy.
Without the knowledge of his ex-wife's father, Brazeau used Daryl Tenasco's address at Kitigan Zibi, Quebec for the purpose obtaining an aboriginal income tax exemption from 2004 to 2008. Kitigan Zibi Chief Gilbert Whiteduck said: “Normally you have income tax exemption when you live on a reserve and you are employed by a reserve.” Neighbours said it did not appear that Brazeau lived in the community. According to Jean Guy Whiteduck “I’ve never seen him, it’s right across from my place. I’ve never seen him there. He may have visited. That’s about it."
On February 28, 2013, the Senate committee of Internal Economy announced that Brazeau, along with fellow senators Pamela Wallin, Mike Duffy, and Mac Harb, would be subject to a forensic audit to determine appropriateness of their expense claims.
Deloitte accountants Timm and Stewart conducted an independent audit and came to the conclusion that Brazeau had made no false claims and reached no conclusions as to whether he met the Senate’s definition of primary residence because there was none. The audit document can be found in Senate papers dated 7 May 2013 and can be said to be an indictment of vague (to the point of meaningless) policies:
2.1.2. There is a lack of clarity in the terminology used for the different residences mentioned or
discussed in the applicable regulations and guidelines. The following terms are used without
being clearly defined: primary residence, secondary residence, NCR residence, provincial
residence. In addition, the term registered residence is not defined.
2.1.3. The regulations and guidelines applicable during the period of our examination do not include
criteria for determining “primary residence”. As such, we are not able to assess the status of the
primary residence declared by Senator Brazeau against existing regulations and guidelines.
Undeterred by the conclusions of Deloitte, the Senate's Subcommittee on Living Allowances, chaired by Senator Elizabeth Marshall with Senators Comeau and Campbell, then ignored selected parts of the Deloitte audit and wrote their own conclusions for the Internal Economy committee, who then recommended on 9 May to the entire Senate, after several secret sessions, that he be ordered to reimburse a minimum of $51,482 in expense money. "Liberal Senator Mac Harb and Independent Senator Patrick Brazeau must immediately repay inappropriately claimed expenses or the Senate will seize the funds," said Marjory LeBreton, the then-current Leader of the Government in the Senate. A spokeswoman from LeBreton's office said Brazeau's pay may be withheld as a means of recovering the funds. Brazeau challenged the internal economy committee's order.
On August 1, 2013, in an affidavit filed in an Ottawa court, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police alleged that Brazeau inappropriately claimed his father’s home in Maniwaki as his primary residence in order to claim a $22,000 a year taxpayer funded housing allowance. The affidavit said that Brazeau actually resided in a rented Gatineau home right across the Ottawa river from his workplace, while claiming the housing allowance for living in Maniwaki. CTV news employee Robert Fife reported that the RCMP investigation revealed that Brazeau was being investigated for breach of trust. Brazeau later singled out Fife in his Senate farewell speech on 4 November 2013.
Chief Theresa Spence.
Brazeau received criticism for mocking Attawapiskat Chief Theresa Spence at a Conservative fundraiser in an Ottawa suburb on 29 January 2013. In an audio recording from the event provided to CTV News by Metroland Media, Brazeau is heard stating publicly "Oh, poor Theresa Spence. Oh, poor her," in regards to the six-week long hunger strike that the aboriginal leader had recently ended. The hunger strike was aimed to force a meeting with Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Governor General of Canada David Johnston to discuss aboriginal treaty rights and socioeconomic issues.
Brazeau was also critical of the Idle No More movement, saying that he felt many Canadian aboriginals simply expected to be supported by taxpayers. The recording also revealed Brazeau stating "To sit back, wait for the government to give me handouts. Maybe be on welfare, maybe drink, maybe take up drugs", in regards to aboriginal Canadians. He later returned to the subject of dismantling the Indian Act when he added "The best way to get our land back is to buy it back. Just like every other Canadian."
Brazeau also insinuated in the recording that Spence had actually gained weight during her "so-called hunger strike".
Arrest for assault and sexual assault.
On February 7, 2013, scarcely nine days after the Spence incident, Brazeau was arrested for an incident relating to domestic violence. He was charged with assault and sexual assault in Gatineau court house the next day. After a short court appearance Brazeau was released on $1000 bail on the condition he not go within 150 metres of the victim's work or home. Government Senate Leader Marjory LeBreton later announced that, pending a resolution to Brazeau's legal situation, the Senator will be removed from the Conservative caucus and barred from taking his seat, although the Senator will still be paid his full salary.
Suspension from Senate.
Facing charges of assault and sexual assault, the Senate voted to suspend Brazeau on 12 February 2013. The motion stated that "in order to protect the dignity and reputation of the Senate and public trust and confidence in Parliament, the Senate order a leave of absence for the Honourable Senator Brazeau to last until this order is rescinded". On 5 November 2013, the Senate voted to suspend Brazeau, along with fellow Senators Mike Duffy and Pamela Wallin, for the remainder of the session, likely until the next federal election in 2015. The Senate also cut their salaries and use of office resources. The specific motion to suspend Brazeau without pay was voted on as follows: 50 yeas, 29 nays, and 13 abstentions. It marked the first time in Senate history that a senator had been sanctioned over expenses without being convicted of a criminal offence.
Work outside the Senate.
Denied his salary as a Senator and without other means of support, Brazeau embarked on a very public search for employment following his suspension, resorting to soliciting work via Twitter. In December 2013, Brazeau was been hired as a freelance reporter for the Halifax edition of the satirical magazine "Frank" but was fired after writing one column. 
Brazeau was hired as day manager of an Ottawa strip club known as the Bare Fax in February 2014. "A job is a job," he was quoted by an Ottawa reporter as saying in regards to his new occupation. As day manager he is in charge of 25-30 staff members, including everything from hiring and firing to scheduling. Brazeau has also expressed interest in writing a book or starring in a reality show as means of earning an income.

</doc>
<doc id="19681952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681952" title="Eastern Samar National Comprehensive High School">
Eastern Samar National Comprehensive High School

Eastern Samar National Comprehensive High School (ESNCHS) is located in Borongan City, Eastern Samar, Philippines. Formerly named Borongan National High School, Eastern Samar National Comprehensive High School was shortly established after the issuance of Republic Act 4221, "Providing for the Division of Samar Island into Three Provinces: Samar, Eastern Samar and Northern Samar." ESNCHS is the largest high school in the Province of Eastern Samar in both population and school area size. It is also considered the flagship high school of Eastern Samar.
One of the most notable features of the high school is its oval, the school park, the gymnasium, the DOST laboratory, the computer laboratory and the administration building.
Among the most notable organizations within ESNCHS are:
ESNCHS has no official academic teams but a lot of its individual students typically excel in academic competitions reaching the regional level, national level and even international level finals like the ACA 2008 International Online Contest which awarded ESNCHS an Honorable Mention and the AFS-YES Exchange Student Scholarships were ESNCHS successfully sent 2 candidates to the USA, namely Creightania Coles and Reginald James Lorico 

</doc>
<doc id="19681956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681956" title="Wang Peisheng">
Wang Peisheng

Wang Peisheng (1919–2004) was a teacher of Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan. He was Yang Yuting's student and also a student of Wang Mao Zhai.
Biography.
He began training in martial arts with the Baguazhang master Ma Gui learning Yin Style Ba Gua Zhang 64 Palms. He assisted Yang Yu Ting teaching t'ai chi from the age of 15. He became the head of the Northern Wu-style t'ai chi ch'uan group in Beijing after the death of Yang Yu Ting in 1982.
Although most famous for his taijiquan he began his long career by studying Yin baguazhang with 3rd generation master Ma Gui. He was also very skilled in tongbeiquan, tantui, xingyiquan, and bajiquan, having studied with famous masters of each of these arts.
He was noted for his expertise in the self-defence methods of Wu-style t'ai chi. In the 1950s he developed a shortened 37 posture Wu-style form presented in his book 'Wu Style Chi Chuan' (Zhaohua Publishing House, Beijing, 1983).
Wu-style was created by a Manchurian named Wu Ch'uan-yu (1834–1902). Wu was a student of Yang Lu-ch'an, (founder of the Yang style), and Yang Pan-hou.

</doc>
<doc id="19681966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681966" title="Richard Filangieri">
Richard Filangieri

Richard (Riccardo) Filangieri ("c".1195–1254/63) was an Italian nobleman who played an important part in the Sixth Crusade in 1228–9 and in the War of the Lombards from 1229–43, where he was in charge of the forces of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, battling forces on the other side, local barons first led by John of Ibelin, the Old Lord of Beirut. During the first half of Filangieri's career he was a Ghibelline, but during the second a Guelph. He was a member of the Filangieri family of Campania. 
Rise to influence in Italy.
He was the eldest son of Giordano I, lord of Nocera, and Oranpiassa. His younger brothers were Giordano II, Lothair, and Henry. He was educated as a knight and married Iacoba, daughter of Pietro Cottone, who had been made count of Lettere and castellan of Gragnano in 1198 by Queen Constance. By his marriage to Iacoba, Richard entered the ranks of the Neapolitan nobility, a traditional caste which had not been much open to Italo-Normans like the Filangieri. 
Richard was made "imperialis marescalcus" (imperial marshal) of the Kingdom of Sicily by the Emperor Frederick II. He held this title as early as 1224, but in most documents thereafter until he lost the post to Tebaldo Francesco (before June 1243, probably 1242) he is titled "imperialis aule marescalcus". In 1231 his brother Giordano was appointed to act as marshal in Richard's absence; Richard was then appointed Marshal of Jerusalem. In 1225 Richard joined the court of the emperor at Palermo. In 1226–27 he followed the imperial court around northern Italy: from Rimini, to Parma, to Borgo San Donnino, and then back to the Capitanate. From February to May 1227 he was in Sicily, at the emperor's side in Catania and Palermo again.
Command in the Crusader states.
Sixth Crusade and the first phase of the Lombard war.
In April 1227, as part of the Sixth Crusade, Richard left for Acre with 500 knights, mostly Lombards, to augment the 800 already in the Holy Land under the Duke of Limburg, Henry IV. Richard met Frederick in the harbour of Limassol in Cyprus on 21 July 1228. Richard, Odo of Montbéliard, and Hermann von Salza were the commanders of Frederick's Crusade, since none of them were excommunicate (the emperor was). Filangieri was privy to Frederick's prior negotiations with al-Kāmil, the Sultan of Egypt, for the return of Jerusalem, the Holy City. It is for this reason that he punished a group of knights in the spring of 1228 for raiding Muslim territory and returned their booty. Filangieri also rode out nightly to meet secretly with envoys from al-Kāmil, which led some fellow Crusaders to write a complaint to Pope Gregory IX over Frederick's "evil" agents. 
Richard was sent back in the fall of 1231 as imperial legate, again with a large army of mostly Lombards. When the War of the Lombards heated up over the interference of Frederick II in the affairs of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, it was Richard who represented the emperor and commanded the imperial troops. He was allied with the Teutonic Knights and Knights Hospitaller. Richard was appointed as bailie to exercise the regency on behalf of Frederick, whose son Conrad II was king. His rights were generally recognised but his personal authority was much circumscribed by the Assizes and the Haute Cour. He made his headquarters at Tyre and he also held Jerusalem. 
War of the Lombards.
Frederick had initially attempted to take Cyprus by treachery, forcing the then regent, John of Ibelin, to hand over the regency of the boy king Henry I of Cyprus. However, when Frederick left the island, John reasserted control, and drove off the Imperial forces that attempted to re-take the island. Frederick then sent a fleet, under the command of Richard Filangieri, to the mainland, besieging John's center of power in Beirut. The lower city surrendered under its bishop, Galeran. While the army under his brother Lothair was besieging the citadel, Richard himself went ahead and accepted the submission of Tyre, which he placed under the control of his brother Henry. Before the citadel fell the Haute Cour—to which Richard had recently presented himself as Frederick's bailie—objected to the siege because the laws of the kingdom forbade the sovereign from declaring the forfeiture of a fief without the Cour's consent, which Frederick had not sought before Filangieri assaulted Beirut. Richard ignored their concerns and, after an embassy to Frederick in Italy failed to reverse his policy, the citadel fell. Richard had shown himself beholden to none but Frederick, and this convinced the moderate party that had been instrumental in the truce of 1228 to align themselves with the Ibelines. The war was thus reignited. 
In May 1232, in the first major battle of the war, Casal Imbert, Richard defeated his enemies, the Ibelins. In June, however, his men were so soundly defeated by an inferior force at the Battle of Agridi in Cyprus that his support on the island evaporated. In 1233 Filangieri sought the alliance of Bohemond V, Prince of Antioch and Count of Tripoli, and Hethum II of Armenia, but to no avail. He requested reinforcements from Frederick, but received none. By then only Tyre remained in imperialist control, though Acre was also nominally imperial under Odo of Montbéliard, who had received half of the divided bailiwick from Frederick in 1236. Odo also had the support of the Haute Cour. 
In 1239–40 he was unable to establish contact with the Crusade of Theobald I of Navarre. In 1241 the Hospitallers in Acre were besieged in their fortress by the Templars, who had the support of the commune. A faction of Hospitallers then allied with a faction of the bourgeoisie and conspired with Filangieri to hand the city over to his troops while the Ibelins were away. Filangieri entered the city in disguise but he and the plot were uncovered. Though escaping with his life, he was recalled to Italy by the emperor. Lothair was left in charge in Tyre. The Guelphs in Acre meanwhile had sent a request to Frederick to have Richard replaced as bailie by a man of their choosing: Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester. 
In 1242 or 1243 Conrad declared his own majority and on 5 June the absentee monarch's regency was granted by the Haute Court to Alice, widow of Hugh I of Cyprus and daughter of Isabella I of Jerusalem. Alice promptly began ruling as if queen, ignoring Conrad, who was in Italy, and ordering Richard arrested. He was shipwrecked and captured while trying to return from Italy to Tyre, leaving his brother Lothair to defend the besieged place. The city fell on 12 June, and the Ibelins seized the citadel on 7 or 10 July, with the help of Alice, whose forces arrived on 15 June. 
First exile from Italy and return.
Because of Richard's capture and Lothair's surrender, the entire Filangieri family fell into disgrace. Richard was eventually released and returned to Sicily, where he and his brother Henry, with Henry's son Giovanni di Sorrento, were imprisoned in Apulia by the emperor (1242/3). In his "Chronicle", the south Italian Richard of San Germano records that Raymond VII of Toulouse met the emperor at Melfi in September 1242 and intervened on behalf of the defeated Filangieri. Frederick allowed Richard and his brothers to accompany the count back to Toulouse (1244). It is possible that Frederick's treatment of Richard and Lothair pushed another brother, Marinus Filangieri, the Archbishop of Bari, out of the imperial and into the Papal camp in the struggle between Guelphs and Ghibellines. It was Marinus who had enlisted the aid of Raymond in securing the release of his brothers. 
Richard is recorded with Raymond in southern France in 1249, once at Toulouse and again at Milhaud. In September he was a witness to Raymond's will and attached his signature to it. In 1251, after the death of Frederick in 1250, he returned to Italy. He joined the rebellion of Naples, Capua, and the rest of Campania against Conrad, who was now also King of Sicily. In July he was elected "podestà" of the commune of Naples, a post in which he is recorded in documents dated between 1 November 1251 and 7 October 1252. On 5 November his successor, Gallo de Orbelli, was in office (until 1253). With his experience, however, Richard was the leader of the defence of Naples for eight months while Conrad besieged it. Forced to surrender, he was exiled a second time.
Second exile and return.
From 1253 to 1254 Richard, through the intervention of Pope Innocent IV, was lodged at Ariccia with his nephew Henry, Archbishop-elect of Bari. Richard and Galvano Lancia, another leading nobleman of Sicily, organised a congress of Sicilian nobles at Anagni that year, where they recognised the Pope as their overlord. In October 1254 Innocent confirmed Richard in the barony of the Terra di Lavoro, which Frederick had previously conferred on him; in the county of Lettere and the castle of Gragnano, to which he had a claim through his wife; and in the lordships of Calvi, Castellammare, and Scafati. Richard also held Satriano as regent for his nephew Richard and Riardo as regent for another nephew, Roger. 
There is a "Ricardus Filangieri" recorded under "3 November" in the necrology of Santa Patrizia in Naples, but whether it is this Richard or one of the numerous other Richards of the Filangieri clan is undeciphered. From February 1262 at Lettere a document reads "curia nobilis viri domini Riccardi Filangerii", but this is probably a reference to Richard's eponymous son, Richard Filangieri II, sometimes called "iunior". By his wife Iacoba, who died in 1271, Richard left one daughter, Isabella, who married Giacomo d'Aquino, lord of Arienzo and Galluccio. Richard was definitely dead by March 1263. 

</doc>
<doc id="19681973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681973" title="List of Major League Baseball on TBS broadcasters">
List of Major League Baseball on TBS broadcasters

2000s.
2007 personalities.
TBS disclosed its initial roster of postseason announcers on September 21, 2007.
Field reporters.
Veteran Braves play-by-play man Skip Caray, Chip's father was vocal about not being part of the coverage in comments he made to "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution".
TBS' studio team was "Inside the NBA" host Ernie Johnson, Jr. along with the other member of the 2007 Baseball Hall of Fame class, Cal Ripken, Jr. On September 24, it was announced that the studio show would also include Frank Thomas, who played for the Toronto Blue Jays during the season. Thomas and other active players such as Curtis Granderson and John Smoltz made guest appearances during the playoffs. The studio coverage is titled Inside MLB.
2008 personalities.
In the 2008 season, Chip Caray has been joined by Ron Darling and Buck Martinez as the lead broadcast crew for Sunday games on TBS. Darling and Martinez have taken turns as analysts.
Marc Fein, who was the last "TBS Braves Baseball" studio host, has the same duties here, providing updates throughout the day from other MLB games. Johnson also hosts from time-to-time.
TBS disclosed its initial roster of postseason announcers on September 18, 2008.
Announcing teams.
In , Don Orsillo and Joe Simpson called the one game playoff between the Colorado Rockies and the San Diego Padres to decide the National League wild card. In , Dick Stockton called the American Central tiebreaker game between the Chicago White Sox and Minnesota Twins with Ron Darling, Harold Reynolds and field reporter Marc Fein. In , Chip Caray, Ron Darling and field reporter Craig Sager called the one game playoff between the Minnesota Twins and Detroit Tigers for the American League Central title.

</doc>
<doc id="19681989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681989" title="Shichinohe Stallion Station">
Shichinohe Stallion Station

Shichinohe Stallion Station is a Japanese thoroughbred horse farm located in Aomori Prefecture. Operated by the Japan Bloodhorse Breeders' Association (JBBA), it is located in Shichinohe.
It is the current home of two thoroughbred stallions including:
Shaazi was also stationed in Shichinohe until his death in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19681994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19681994" title="Kenvale College of Tourism &amp; Hospitality Management">
Kenvale College of Tourism &amp; Hospitality Management

The Kenvale College of Hospitality & Event Management is a private college for those students who have an interest in cookery, event management and/or hospitality. It is located in Randwick, New South Wales and is exactly opposite the University of New South Wales. The college is renowned as the first school of hospitality in Australia founded in 1971. Kenvale College is also renowned for the High Flyers Scholarship which the college offers in association with the Sydney Radisson Hotel.
High Flyers Scholarship.
"Kenvale College" also holds scholarship opportunities for students in Years 11 and 12New South Wales. The scholarship offers the chance for students to win a two-year hospitality scholarship with Kenvale College that helps cover their tuition fees. There are two categories for the program; Hospitality and Event Management and Comercial Cookery. 
The first scholarship was in 2007.
The second was held in 2008 with the Gala Dinner (where the winners are announced) was held on the 31st of May.
The winners of the scholarships were:
Advanced Diploma in Hospitality Management.
(2009)*'"Melissa Keys - Cherrybrook Technology High School - Food & Beverage Winner
(2009)*"'Seth Zworestine - Masada College St Ives - Chef Winner
(2008)*James Dinale - Marist College Eastwood - Winner

</doc>
<doc id="19682011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682011" title="Ascent Solar">
Ascent Solar

Ascent Solar Technologies, Inc. is a publicly traded solar energy company located in Thornton Colorado. Its primary product is a flexible thin film photovoltaic material on a plastic substrate. 
Technology.
Ascent Solar's thin-film solar modules are manufactured using copper indium gallium (di)selenide (CIGS), which has shown a 19.5% NREL efficiency in real-world conditions, slightly above amorphous silicon and significantly above CdTe.
What makes this proprietary technology unique, however, is its relative size, weight and flexibility: Ascent's CIGS panels currently allow for 85 watts/meter, and 48 watts/kg, thereby giving its them the greatest Power Density and Weight ratio among available flexible photovoltaic products by a significant margin. This allows for the efficient use of solar power in a range of new contexts, in which size or weight restrictions have previously rendered solar power impracticable: e.g., cell phones, airplanes, unmanned vehicles, consumer electronics, railways, space programs, and off-grid applications. This developing technology was selected as one of the 100 Most Innovative Technologies for 2010 by R&D Magazine, and as one of the 50 Best Inventions of 2011 by Time Magazine.
Market history.
Ascent Solar has recently entered into the manufacturing stage for its products, in part by teaming up with a range of other companies like TFG Radiant (for integrating these materials into a range of building and construction materials), Foxconn (for a "pilot project" at the Zhengzhou Factory, which is currently manufacturing the iphone 5), and Bye Aerospace (for solar-powered unmanned aircraft). It has also recently begun production of solar-powered battery cases for the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy smartphone, under the brand name Enerplex. Since the first day of market-trading in January 2012, and largely as a result of these new activities, ASTI's stock value has now increased by 328%.
EnerPlex.
EnerPlex is a brand of solar and electronic consumer products launched by Ascent Solar, Inc. EnerPlex products utilizes Ascent Solar’s leading edge CIGS solar technology to bring solar charging solutions to remote and unprecedented places. Unlike traditional glass backed panels, the panels integrated into all EnerPlex products are rugged, lightweight and flexible, monolithically integrated on plastic (not glass) substrate; providing limitless possibilities for innovation.
EnerPlex strives to make a solar lifestyle possible for all global citizens, whether living in San Francisco, Singapore, the Gobi Desert or sub-Saharan Africa. EnerPlex’s solar applications can be used by all for the greater good; whether saving energy, or turning on the lights in the developing world.
Its product line ranges from smart phone chargers to other consumer products. Its latest product is the Kikr IV, a less than 12 ounces solar charger equipped with a standard USB port that can charge a wide variety of portable electronic devices from rechargeable batteries, to tablets, phones, GPS, digital cameras, eReaders and portable music players, charging them as fast as if they were plugged into an outlet.
Corporate history.
Ascent Solar was founded in 2005 by ITN Energy Systems, a company engaged in commercializing emerging energy technologies through spin-offs and joint ventures. During the first few years of operation, its primary focus was to research the CIGS thin-film technology as well as researching efficient methods for manufacturing. Currently, Ascent is focusing on entering its production phase with the construction of its second-generation roll-to-roll production plant which will begin manufacturing product in 2008.
On July 18, 2006, Ascent completed its IPO, releasing 3,000,000 shares at 5.50 USD per share. In June 2007, Norsk Hydro ASA, a Norwegian based supplier of aluminum products, entered into a deal with Ascent whereby it purchased 23% of Ascent shares with the option to increase that stake to up to 35%, which it did on October 7, 2008. Ascent has also entered into research and production deals with Texsa S.A., a Spanish roofing company along with other companies. Ascent has also partnered with the U.S. Air Force on several different research and development contracts.
On September 22, 2008, Ascent's then CEO, Matthew Foster, stepped down from his position. His reason for doing so was cited as an agreement between him and the company as the company changed from research-driven to production-driven. He will remain with Ascent as a consultant for an additional year after his retirement date.
On March 11, 2009, Ascent Solar commenced regular production at their facility in Colorado. The company began with a one-shift production schedule and will eventually shift to a 1.5 MW capacity at three shifts per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19682012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682012" title="I Want to Talk About You">
I Want to Talk About You

I Want to Talk About You is the eleventh album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1985 and features a live performance by Murray, John Hicks, Ray Drummond and Ralph Peterson.

</doc>
<doc id="19682016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682016" title="John Evans (surgeon)">
John Evans (surgeon)

John Evans (4 July 1756 – October 1846) was a Welsh surgeon and cartographer.
Life.
Evans was born on 4 July 1756 at Llwyn-y-groes, Llanymynech on the border between Montgomeryshire, Wales and Shropshire, England. His father was the map-maker John Evans. Evans (the son) was educated at Westminster School and the University of Oxford, where he matriculated in 1773 from Jesus College, Oxford. He obtained degrees of Bachelor of Arts (1778), Master of Arts (1779) and Bachelor of Divinity (1783) from St Alban Hall, Oxford, before obtaining the degree of Doctor of Medicine from the University of Edinburgh. He then lived in Shrewsbury before moving back to Llwyn-y-groes after his father's death in 1795.
His father's maps of North Wales were regarded as the best maps of the region before those of the Ordnance Survey on account of their appearance, size and accuracy of detail. Evans republished his father's maps in about 1799, receiving an award of 45 guineas from the Royal Society of Arts. He published a further edition of the maps in 1802 with some new roads included. His other interests included bees, and he wrote a didactic poem called "The Bee". He was married to Jane Wilson, and they had five sons and four daughters. One of his sons was Robert Wilson Evans, who became Fellow and tutor of Trinity College, Cambridge and archdeacon of Westmorland, and it was at this son's house in Heversham that Evans died in October 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="19682044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682044" title="Edgbaston Reserve">
Edgbaston Reserve

Edgbaston Reserve, formerly Edgbaston Station, is a nature reserve in central Queensland, Australia, north-east of Longreach. It lies in the upper catchment of Pelican Creek, which flows into the Thomson River and, ultimately, into Lake Eyre. It lies within the Great Artesian Basin and is notable for its many artesian springs and their plants and animals. It is owned and managed by Bush Heritage Australia (BHA), by which it was purchased in 2008. The reserve is within the Bush Heritage anchor region, the Queensland Uplands and Brigalow Belt.
History.
Edgbaston was a pastoral lease until acquisition by BHA. Purchase of the property was assisted by a contribution from the Australian Government’s Maintaining Australia’s Biodiversity Hotspots program.
Landscape.
As well as the artesian springs and their associated freshwater wetlands, the reserve’s landscape includes grassy eucalypt woodlands and rocky escarpments.
Fauna.
Edgbaston’s springs contain two nationally threatened fish species, the Edgbaston Goby and the Red-finned Blue-eye, as well as many rare and geographically restricted kinds of invertebrates and plants.

</doc>
<doc id="19682049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682049" title="Hugh Honour">
Hugh Honour

Hugh Honour FRSL (born 26 September 1927) is a British art historian, famous for his writing partnership with John Fleming. Their "A World History of Art", is now in its seventh edition and Honour's "Chinoiserie: The Vision of Cathay" (1961) first set the phenomenon of chinoiserie in its European cultural context.
Early life.
Honour was born in Eastbourne, Sussex, to Herbert and Dorothy (Withers) Honour. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from St Catharine's College, Cambridge. While at Cambridge, Honour met John Fleming, a solicitor and amateur art historian, who would become Honour's life partner. Honour accepted a position as Assistant director of Leeds City Art Gallery and Temple Newsam House but left after one year to join Fleming in Italy.
Life in Italy.
Living in Asolo near Venice, Honour and Fleming began a productive writing partnership. They were commissioned by publisher Allen Lane to edit the "Style and Civilisation" series (begun 1967), for which Honour wrote the volumes on Neo-classicism and Romanticism; the "Architect and Society" series (begun 1966); and the "Art in Context" series (begun 1972).
In 1962, Honour and Fleming moved to Villa Marchiò near Lucca where they remained for the rest of their lives. In 1966, they collaborated with Nikolaus Pevsner to produce "The Penguin Dictionary of Architecture" (2nd edition 1972), and in 1977 they wrote "The Penguin Dictionary of Decorative Arts". "A World History of Art" followed in 1982 and the "Venetian Hours of Henry James, Whistler and Sargent" in 1991.
Honour was elected in 1972 a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature 

</doc>
<doc id="19682055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682055" title="Granite, Virginia">
Granite, Virginia

Granite was an unincorporated community in Chesterfield County, Virginia. It was originally located along the Richmond and Danville Railroad five miles west of Manchester and about a mile south of the rapids of the James River along Powhite Creek.
A community in the stone industry.
According to documents on file at the Library of Virginia, in April 1872, notice was published in Petersburg that Mathew Hall had been appointed postmaster of a new U.S. Post Office at Granite.
Granite was named for the granite rock formations which underlie the rapids of the river at the geological fall line which begin downstream from the current Williams Island Dam. Mining this granite was the basis for quarries which were located on both sides of the river in the vicinity. Granite stone quarried nearby was used to construct the State, War and Navy building in Washington DC and to build the 3-foot granite walls of Richmond's Gothic City Hall at 10th and Capitol Streets which was completed in 1894. (It became known as "Old City Hall" when replaced in 1972 with a new structure). However, some quarrying operations had already been active in the area since the early 18th century.
Quarries and companies which operated near Granite were listed in "Mineral Resources of Virginia" by Thomas Leonard Watson, Ray Smith Bassler, Heinrich Ries, and Roy Jay, published in 1907 as:
At that time (1907), Granite Station was located on the Southern Railway (successor to the Richmond and Danville Railroad) and the McIntosh Quarry had a spur track. The McIntosh Quarry furnished the stone used in the approaches and steps in the renovation and expansion of the Virginia State Capitol which had recently been completed (1904–06).
Suburban growth reaches Granite.
Manchester merged with Richmond in 1910 and the combined city grew rapidly. Soon Granite was not a remote place. As the land around the Granite area was developed with new streets and housing after World War II, Granite lost its separate identity as suburban growth overtook it. A portion of modern-day Forest Hill Avenue was earlier named Granite Road, and extended from Westover Hills into Chesterfield County, ending at Bon Air.
Most of the Granite area of Chesterfield County was annexed by the independent city of Richmond on January 1, 1970. The neighborhoods in the city in the area of Granite include Granite Acres and Willow Oaks. Nearby, Netherwood Drive was named for the former quarry at its western end. Since 1959, Granite Recreation Corporation has occupied the former site of the Granite Development Company Quarry. The entrance driveway off Glyndon Lane has a private grade crossing of the railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="19682058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682058" title="Iowa State Center">
Iowa State Center

The Iowa State Center is located just southeast of Iowa State University's central campus in Ames, Iowa. It is a complex of cultural and athletic venues. The Center consists of:
Overview.
James Hilton (1899–1982), the 10th president of ISU, proposed the construction of an educational, cultural and athletic complex to faculty in 1954. In 1958 the ISU Foundation was formed with the primary goal of raising funds for the construction of the Iowa State Center. The ISU Foundation still exists and is currently working on raising $800 million in donations to be used in all aspects of the University. 
The state did not appropriate any funds for the construction of the Center. The first donation was two dollars from an anonymous donor, the second donation was one million dollars from C. Y. Stephens, for whom Stephens Auditorium is named. The center is located on , originally university agricultural fields, and is run by 40 full-time employees. 
Complex information.
Stephens Auditorium.
Stephens Auditorium was named after Clifford Y. Stephens for his contribution to the auditorium. Construction started in 1965 and was completed in 1969 with a cost of $4.9 million. The New York Philharmonic Orchestra presented the opening concerts during a week long festival. The 2,747 seat auditorium was named Building of the Century by the American Institute of Architects, Iowa Chapter in 2004.
Hilton Coliseum.
Hilton Coliseum was named after Dr. James H. Hilton. Dr. Hilton was the president of Iowa State University who presented the idea for the Iowa State Center. Hilton Coliseum was completed in 1971 at a cost of $8.1 million. Hilton Coliseum can seat approximately 14,000 for athletic events and 15,000 for concerts. The first event in Hilton was an agriculture conference; the first athletic event was a men’s basketball game between Iowa State and Arizona in which ISU won.
Fisher Theater.
Fisher Theater was named for J. W. Fisher of Marshalltown, Iowa. J. W. Fisher was a major contributor to the university and the Iowa State Center. Fisher Theater was completed in 1974 at a cost of $900,000. The theater seats 454 and is mainly used by Iowa State student theater and dance groups.
Jack Trice Stadium.
Jack Trice Stadium was completed in 1975 after two years of construction. The stadium was originally name Cyclone Stadium, but its name was changed in 1997 to honor the school's first African-American athlete and the only ISU athlete to die from injuries suffered while competing in an athletic event, Jack Trice. The first game played in the stadium was a Cyclone victory over Air Force in September 1975. The stadium is primarily used for NCAA college football, but has also been used for concerts.
Scheman Building.
Scheman Building was named for Carl Scheman who was an ISU alumnus and a major contributor to the Iowa State Center. It was completed in 1975 at a cost $5.3 million and hosts small and large conferences, board meetings, pre-performance dinners, wedding receptions and much more.
The Scheman Building is also the site of the Brunnier Art Museum. It is the state's only accredited museum emphasizing a decorative arts collection, and one of the nation’s few museums located within a performing arts and conference complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19682061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682061" title="2008 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship">
2008 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship

The 2008 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship was the first women's volleyball tournament of its kind, this tournament that qualified for 4 Asian team to the FIVB World Grand Prix 2009, played by top eight teams of the 2007 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship from October 1 to October 7, 2008. Tournament was staged in MCC Hall Convention Center The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima Shopping Mall, Thailand.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2007 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship.
"* Kazakhstan withdrew and replaced by .

</doc>
<doc id="19682085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682085" title="Ariada Volzhsk">
Ariada Volzhsk

Ariada Volzhsk () are a professional ice hockey team based in Volzhsk, Mari El Republic, Russia. They play in the Central Division of the VHL. During 2010—2013, team's name was Ariada-Akpars Volzhsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19682098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682098" title="Castlefields">
Castlefields

Castlefields may mean these places in England:

</doc>
<doc id="19682100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682100" title="John Tatoulis">
John Tatoulis

John Tatoulis is an award winning Australian film and television producer and director.
Tatoulis was the producer of such movies as "Take Away", "Let's Get Skase" and "Beware of Greeks Bearing Guns". Tatoulis produced and directed the film "The Silver Brumby" and later television series "The Silver Brumby", which won the "Children’s Jury – Best Feature Film" award at the 1994 Chicago International Children's Film Festival and "Adventures on Kythera". He also produced the animated television series The New Adventures of Ocean Girl.

</doc>
<doc id="19682103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682103" title="Antonio Gisbert">
Antonio Gisbert

Antonio Gisbert Pérez (1834–1901) was a Spanish artist situated on the cusp between the realist and romantic movements in art. He was known for painting pictures of important events in a country's history in a realistic style, yet clearly with a political aim as well; his variance in styles puts him in the Spanish eclectic school of painters. He generally tried to promote liberal causes in his politics and paintings.
Early life.
Gisbert was born in Alcoy on December 19, 1834. He began his artistic studies at the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid in 1846, working under José de Madrazo y Agudo.
Director of the Museo del Prado.
Gisbert became the first Director of the Museo del Prado in Madrid in 1868. He stayed in that position until 1873, when he moved permanently to Paris. He would die there on November 27, 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="19682157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682157" title="Brisbane City Temple Band">
Brisbane City Temple Band

Since its establishment in 1885, The Salvation Army's Brisbane City Temple Corps (No. 2) has used music to convey its gospel message and attract new people to its meetings. At the forefront of this ministry for over 100 years has been the Brisbane City Temple Band (or "Temple Band"). Having toured nationally and internationally as well as performing on ABC Radio, the Temple Band has served its corps, community and city well.
Purpose.
As well as aiding worship during Sunday meetings the band plays at Civic functions, hospitals, nursing homes and retirement centres. By arrangement with the Brisbane City Council the "Temple Band" makes a musical contribution to the city's community life with regular recitals in Brisbane public gardens and parks. In the past the Temple Band has performed at regular engagements with the Australian Broadcasting Commission for nation-wide broadcasts and television performances. A feature of the band's activities that has stood the test of time is the Sunday evening open-air meeting in the Queen Street Mall to which a large crowd is regularly attracted.
Bandmaster Lineage.
Although the Temple Band has a history that reaches back over 100 years, it has only served under the leadership of nine bandmasters (or B.M's) throughout its existence including, in the earlier years, B.M's Mick Berghoffer, Percy Gridley and Dave Waugh.
Leonard Baxter was commissioned as a bandsman of the Temple Band in 1924 and took over the leadership of the band in 1932. B.M Baxter held this position for forty-four years, except for a period of war service when the band was in the capable hands of B.M H. Armitage.
His deputy and principal cornetist for almost 20 years John Allen succeeded B/M Baxter in 1977. John had emigrated from UK in 1958 and had previously been the principal cornet of the Wood Green Citadel Band in North London. He was also a member of the Scots Guards Band for three years prior to emigrating to Australia. He resigned from the leadership of the Temple Band in 1985 and with his family moved to reside in Melbourne.
B.M Malcolm Carter became Bandmaster after moving residence from Melbourne, Victoria in 1986. When B.M Carter retired from his position in 1994, B.M Mark Everitt, who had been involved with the Temple band for 15 years, was then handed the baton. He stepped down from his role in 2000, and was replaced by accomplished composer Barrie Gott.
The Current Bandmaster, Stuart Lang, moved from Wollongong corps in early 2007.
Personnel.
This is a list of members who are currently in the band.
Bandmaster 
Stuart Lang 
Colour sergeant 
Cheryl MacDonald 
Soprano Cornet Trombone 
Bram Green Ron MacDonald 
Cornet Aaron Wemyss 
Rod Everitt (Principal) Ken Bamford 
Ben MacLeod (Band Sergeant) 
Michael Cooper Bass Trombone 
Josh MacLeod Russell Luhrs 
David York 
Paul Parkinson Euphonium 
Marshall Strong Todd Everitt (Deputy Bandmaster) 
Scott Wallace Stephen Deighton (Band Secretary) 
John Moore 
Cameron James
Flugel Horn Kerrod Wemyss 
Kevin York Luke Deighton 
Horn 
Alan Drury Bb Bass 
Rebekah Klee Chris Brindley 
Bevon Luhrs 
Kylie Poole 
Don Woodland (Lt.Col) 
Baritone Tim Green 
Earle Ivers (Major) Jeff Luhrs 
Gordon Heathcote 
Brad James (Band Librarian)
Tours.
Although not as well travelled as many Sydney-based corps, the Temple Band has been on several tours to Victoria, New South Wales, West Australia, New Zealand, North Queensland and Tasmania. In 2007, Bandmaster Lang took the band to the Sydney Congress celebrating 125 years of the Salvation Army.
Concerts and recordings.
The Temple Band has performed with many other Salvation Army bands, but in recent years it has branched out and performed with secular brass bands, such as Excelsior Brass. The Band released its first recording in 1959, an LP under the 'Fidelity' label. A second LP was produced in 1974. As of 2009, the Temple Band has recorded several Christmas albums and has also released the 1993 album "The Gospel Story".
Membership.
For some time, to be able to join the band, it was necessary to be enrolled as a Soldier of The Salvation Army. This rule, however, has been relaxed in recent years, but under the pretence that the individual is looking to be enrolled at some point in the immediate future. Many people were wary of allowing this to occur, but having seen the impact joining the band has on younger players, soon warmed to it.

</doc>
<doc id="19682162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682162" title="Super DIRTcar Series">
Super DIRTcar Series

The Super DIRTcar Series is a modified racing series in the United States. It races primarily in the Northeastern United States with a few dates in the Midwestern United States, Florida, and Canada. Advance Auto Parts has been the series' title sponsor since 1999.
The series is sanctioned by World Racing Group (DIRT Motorsports Inc.). World Racing sanctions sprint car racing for the World of Outlaws, dirt late model racing in the World of Outlaws Late Model Series, and 467 cubic inch big block modified racing in the Super DIRTcar Series which produce 650-800 horsepower. It sanctions over 4000 races per year under the UMP DIRTcar banner and it owns seven speedways.
Events.
The premiere event in the series is the Super DIRT Week at the New York State Fairgrounds in Syracuse, New York. The 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009 feature event (the Rite Aid 200) was televised on SPEED. The 1980 race was televised live on ESPN, the 1985 event was televised live on TNN, and the entire Super Dirt Series was televised live on Empire Sports Net from mid-1996 until late 1999. Every Super Dirt Week since 1980 has been shown on cable television. The feature event pays $50,000 to the winner.
Other high-profile events include; Mr. Dirt Track USA which is hosted at Lebanon Valley Speedway which is 100 laps and pays $17,500 to win; and the Eastern States 200, run at Orange County Fair Speedway, which is 200 laps and pays $20,000 to win. The Series champion is crowned each year at the season finale, The DIRTcar World Finals at the Dirt Track at Charlotte. 
Win List.
73 drivers have won at least 1 event

</doc>
<doc id="19682175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682175" title="Suckiaug">
Suckiaug

Suckiaug, meaning "Black Fertile River-Enhanced Earth, good for planting", is the name of the land lining the river valley of what is currently Hartford, Windsor, Wethersfield, South Windsor, East Hartford, Glastonbury and Rocky Hill in Connecticut in the United States.
In 1623, the Dutch settled this land, calling it Fort Huys de Goede Hoop or the Fort House of Good Hope. The English came with Thomas Hooker leading a flock of 100 from Newetowne (now Cambridge in 1636, 16 years after the Plymouth Colony was settled and six years after the Massachusetts Bay Colony. In 1639 the Fundamental Orders were established as an agreement between the residents of Hartford, Windsor, and Wethersfield for a conglomeration governing body to form the Colony of the "Plantacons of the Connecticott River", now called the State of Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19682189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682189" title="Ted Robinson (TV director)">
Ted Robinson (TV director)

Ted Robinson (born 1944) is an Australian television producer and director. 
He has worked on a number of comedy TV series since the mid-1970s. 
Having gained his start in TV on "The Aunty Jack Show", Robinson went on to produce or direct many shows, mainly for the ABC, during the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. These have included "The Gillies Report", "The Big Gig", "DAAS Kapital", "Live and Sweaty", "The Late Show", "The Glass House", "Chandon Pictures" and "Good News Week".
He won the Australian Film Institute Longford Life Achievement Award in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19682193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682193" title="Elizabeth Gillies">
Elizabeth Gillies

Elizabeth Egan "Liz" Gillies (born July 26, 1993) is an American actress, singer and dancer. She is best known for playing the role of Jade West on "Victorious". She made her Broadway debut at age 15 in the musical "13", playing the character of Lucy. She also voices the character Daphne on the animated series "Winx Club".
Career.
Acting.
Elizabeth Gillies started her acting career at age twelve when she went to a local open casting call and began appearing in commercials for companies such as Virgin Mobile. Her first television role was as a recurring character in "The Black Donnellys". She appeared in three episodes. She later starred in "The Clique" as Shelby Wexler and had a supporting role in "Harold". In the summer of 2008, she was cast as Lucy in a Goodspeed production of Jason Robert Brown's new musical about growing up, "13", with her future "Victorious" co-star, Ariana Grande. Later that year, "13" moved to Broadway, which made it the first Broadway production to have a cast and band entirely made up of teenagers. She received two big numbers, "Opportunity" and "It Can't Be True", along with smaller parts in other songs, including the title song, "Hey Kendra", and "Getting Ready". "13" ran through January 4, 2009.
Gillies starred in the successful Nickelodeon sitcom "Victorious" as Jade West. The show premiered on March 27, 2010, and ended on February 2, 2013. A doll of her character was released in 2012. Gillies also currently voices Daphne on the animated series "Winx Club", and recorded Winx Club's official song, "We Are Believix." She has guest starred in "White Collar" and "Big Time Rush", and was a contestant on the Nickelodeon game shows "BrainSurge" and "Figure It Out". In October 2013, it was announced that Gillies will reprise her role as Jade West in an upcoming one-hour episode special of the spin-off series of "Victorious", "Sam and Cat", scheduled to air in January 2014.
Gillies will appear in the horror film "Animal", which was filmed in Manchester, Connecticut and is currently in post-production. Produced by Drew Barrymore, the film co-stars Keke Palmer and is scheduled for a limited release in 2014. As of December 2013, Gillies is in the process of working on another film entitled "Killing Daddy".
Music.
Gillies has appeared in several songs on the soundtracks "Victorious (soundtrack)" and "Victorious 2.0," including "Give It Up (Victorious song)" (A duet with Ariana Grande), and "Take a Hint" (A duet with Victoria Justice). She also wrote and recorded the song "You Don't Know Me" for an episode of "Victorious", and it was later featured in "Victorious 3.0".
Gillies has a YouTube account called LizGilliesOfficial, where she uploads covers of popular songs including: "Wild Horses" by The Rolling Stones, "You and I" by Lady Gaga, "For No One" by The Beatles, "Jealous Guy" by John Lennon, "Father and Son" by Cat Stevens and "One and Only" by Adele. She has also covered songs with Max Schneider (Somewhere Only We Know) and Ariana Grande (The Christmas Song).
In July 2012, it was reported that Gillies was working on an album with alternative rock music.
On December 10, 2013, Gillies recorded a duet with Ariana Grande called "Santa Baby" for Grande's Christmas EP "Christmas Kisses".

</doc>
<doc id="19682196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682196" title="William Foxwist">
William Foxwist

William Foxwist (1610 – 1673?) was a Welsh judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1647 and 1660.
Life.
Foxwist was born in 1610 in Caernarvon, Wales, the son of Richard Foxwist of Carnarvon and his wife Ellen Thomas daughter of William Thomas of Aber. He matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 25 January 1628 aged 17. He became a barrister, joining Lincoln's Inn in 1636 and being called to the bar in 1645. He was Recorder of St Albans in 1645. 
In 1646, Foxwist became judge of the admiralty for North Wales. In 1647 he was elected Member of Parliament for Carnarvon until he was excluded under Pride's Purge in 1648. He became Bencher of his Inn in 1649. He was elected MP for Anglesey in 1654 for the First Protectorate Parliament. He became puisne justice of the Brecknock circuit in 1655 and held the post until 1659. He was elected MP for Swansea in 1659. He became judge advocate of the Chester circuit in 1660 and in the same year was elected MP for St Albans in the Convention Parliament. He was regarded as a moderate Parliamentarian. 
Although the date of his death is unknown, his will was dated 1673 and was proved in the same year.
Foxwist married Mary Pemberton, daughter of John Pemberton of St Albans.

</doc>
<doc id="19682205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682205" title="Huoheian">
Huoheian

Huǒhēiàn (Chinese: ) is an ancient Chinese system of aesthetics believed to serve as the philosophical yang to fengshui's yin. It was originally described as an art of only theoretical use, although it was eventually adopted as the "de facto" alternative to fengshui.
"Huǒhēiàn" translate as "fire and darkness" in English. This name refers to a passage from the "Book of Burial" of Guo Pu of the Jin Dynasty:
Qi vapors in the fire, and is lost in the darkness.
Unlike fengshui, "huǒhēiàn" values diagonal and non-orthogonal arrangements, closed spaces, corners, dim lighting, blocked pathways, and jade statuettes of snakes (a trademark of the art).
Early practitioners of the aethetic system were considered cruel, brash, and unpleasing to human tastes in their creations. However, like the dark motifs of Gothic architecture (believed by some to be a Western analogy of sorts), "huǒhēiàn" grew to mainstream acceptance at various points in Chinese history. The mixing of the grandiose and unseen blended to give many a feelings of mystery and excitement.
The art of "huǒhēiàn" countermands many of fengshui's stylistic imperatives, such as screen walls facing the main entrance of the house, talismans to ward off evil, and elevated landscapes to the anterior of the house. Additionally, "huǒhēiàn" enjoins the presence of ponds, pools, wells, or indeed water sources of any kind. In fact, this prohibition was the origin of the now-canonical Chinese rock garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19682222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682222" title="K8 Hardy">
K8 Hardy

K8 Hardy (USA, b. 1977) is a New York based artist represented by Reena Spaulings Fine Art in New York, and Balice Hertling in Paris. She holds a BA from Smith College, studied at the Whitney Museum of American Art Independent Study Program, and holds an MFA from the Milton Avery Graduate School for the Arts at Bard College.
Hardy is a founding member of the queer feminist journal and artist collective LTTR, and has directed music videos for groups including Le Tigre, Lesbians on Ecstasy, and Men. Her work is included in the permanent collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art, and has been exhibited and performed internationally at venues including, MoMA PS1 (New York NY), Artists Space (New York, NY), The Tate Modern (London, UK) and Galerie Sonja Junkers (Munich, Germany) among many others.
Hardy works through performance art without allegiance to any particular medium. She mines pop culture for material and eschews craft based virtuosity in photography, sculpture, and video. Hardy believes in the power of flamboyant and bold gestures, and in conversations of play, which constitute her endeavors toward total expression.
Early life and education.
Hardy was born on October 27, 1977 in Fort Worth, Texas, and began spelling her name K8 as a teenager while working on, and publishing various zines. She attended Smith College, in Northampton, MA, where she studied film, alongside feminist and queer theory. Through the Five College Consorstium she studied video with Elisabeth Surbin. During this time, she received a grant to work with Miranda July and the Northwest Film Center in Portland, Oregon. Upon graduating from Smith College in 2000, Hardy moved to New York City and began working as a stylist for clients including Fischerspooner. In the following years, she studied at the Whitney Museum of American Art Independent Study Program, and in 2008 received an MFA from the Milton Avery Graduate School for the Arts at Bard College, in Annandale-on-Hudson, NY.
Selected works.
TV Lip Synch (2002).
Hardy collaborated with Wynne Greenwood in the making of "TV Lip Synch", a video in which the two artists lip sync to various daytime-television clips including scenes from Oprah, a soap opera, and a Barbara Walters interview, all programs marketed towards women.
Beautiful Radiating Energy (2004).
"Beautiful Radiating Energy" is a performance piece in which Hardy, dressed all in white, makes gymnastic contortions in front of a projected video while shouting “I am happy; I am here; I am hurt. I’m ready!” in a variety of ranges that require a month of vocal training. The video projected includes images of Hardy's friend Math walking away from the camera, found footage of reactions to the burial of Baader-Meinhof terrorists, gay rights parades, and body building competitions. (Wang, 104)
New Report (2005–2007).
Hardy and Wynne Greenwood play "Henry Stein-Acker-Hill" and "Henry Irigaray", fictional news reporters for the fictional news station WKRH, whose tagline is "pregnant with information". Their names are references to feminist theorists Luce Irigaray, Edith Stein, Joan Acker and Patricia Hill Collins. As Wynne Greenwood sometimes works under the name Wynne Ryan, WKRH is an acronym for Wynne K8 Ryan Hardy. The two, clad in berets, trench coats, and turtlenecks, report on news such as bra burning and running water and interview a friend suffering from anxiety. The press release states, "If traditional activist video was invested in the communication of clear messages to a target audience, the work makes politics by making television speak differently as it addresses the emergent qualities of a community for whom visibility is less a goal than a means of dismantling dominant images... If the revolution will be televised today it is only by queering TV in order to encounter the desires of the subjects and histories it addresses."
In 2007, Hardy and Greenwood performed "New Report Live" at the Tate Modern in London. Their report focused on the multiple meanings of power and they dubbed the Tate the “structure of power”. Other forms of power discussed were colonialism, slavery, capitalism, and the war in Iraq. “The artists invaded and occupied an iconic structure of power, symbolic of omnipresent patriarchal structures of power within the art world and society at large” (Dickinson, 5).
Bare Life (2007).
In this performance project with musician and sound artist Stefan Tcherepnin, the two respond to Giorgio Agamben’s concept of “Bare Life” (White, 20).
Hair Der Kunst (2009).
Begun in 2009, Hair der kunst is the collective brainchild of K8 Hardy and NYC hair stylist Shaun SureThing for Seagull Salon. Drawing from inspirations such as Vidal Sassoon structure, Bauhaus and Brutalist architecture, Hair der kunst is a study in the movement of hair, the theoretical movements of architectural structure and the moments, un-captured, between the stillness of a haircut and its documentation.
Position Series (2009–).
Position Series is a group of photographs which employ the tropes of self-portraiture and abstract photography.

</doc>
<doc id="19682236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682236" title="Jenni (album)">
Jenni (album)

Jenni is the tenth studio album from EMI recording artist, Jenni Rivera, and the fourteenth overall. The album was released in the United States, Mexico and Canada on September 9, 2008. The album features the hit banda song "Chuper Amigos" and the hit single "Culpable o Inocente". The album entered the U.S. Top Latin Albums chart at #1.
Jenni Rivera collaborated with notable producers and song writers including Camilo Blanes, Amerika Jimenez, Dany Tomas, Yaredt Leon, Manuel E. Eduardo, Javier Sanroman and Espinoza Paz among others on the album. Rivera wrote two of the songs on the album herself and co-wrote some others.
Critical reception.
"Billboard"s writer Ayala Ben-Yehud gave the album a positive review, writing "Banda diva Jenni Rivera has trademarked a swingy, midtempo groove on her brass-heavy tunes and a cackling bluntness that other regional Mexican singers of her generation don't even approach." Allmusic gave the album 3.5 out of 5 on Jenni, calling it "her best work in the past decade".
Chart performance.
In its first week of release, the album entered on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart at number thirty-one in the United States and number one on the U.S. Top Latin Albums. It moved 16,000 copies in its first week at retail giving Rivera her first Top Latin Album number one album and best sales week ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19682242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682242" title="Peter Jull">
Peter Jull

Professor Peter Jull is a Canadian political scientist and academic who has specialised and advised in Commonwealth constitutional politics, particularly in relation to peoples indigenous to Canada and Australia 
Canadian period.
From 1968-1980 Peter Jull worked in the Canadian Privy Council Office's Federal-Provincial Relations Office as assistant secretary to the Prime Minister's cabinet committee on constitutional and other national issues, and as adviser on the Constitution vis-à-vis northern territories and indigenous peoples. He also served as Cabinet secretary in the Province of British Columbia, 1976–77, during the formation of a new provincial government's cabinet business system. 
Since 1980 Peter has acted as an adviser to many official and non-governmental entities, writing many reports, articles, and papers. He worked, for instance, as political and constitutional adviser to international, national, and regional Inuit organisations from 1980–87, including heading the secretariat supporting the Nunavut constitutional project, and working in the Inuit constitutional team which won significant national constitutional amendments in the 1980-83 period.
Australian period.
Since 1987, in Australia, Peter Jull he has also worked as a consultant to indigenous official bodies and NGOs, and federal and state government entities. He has also continued to act as a consultant to governments and indigenous NGOs in Canada and the Northern Hemisphere.
He joined the Australian Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies in 2004. Prior to that he was Adjunct Associate Professor and course lecturer in the School of Political Science and International Studies, University of Queensland, and earlier Senior Research Fellow at the Australian National University's North Australia Research Unit, Darwin.

</doc>
<doc id="19682255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682255" title="Ipnops">
Ipnops

Ipnops is a genus of deep-sea fish in the family Ipnopidae, which also includes the better-known tripod fish. "Ipnops" are small, slender fish that live close to the ocean floor in the bathyal and abyssal zones. The genus is notable for its unusual eyes.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus: 
Distribution.
Specimens of "I. murrayi" and "I. agassizi" have been caught at depths of 1392-3475 m; "I. murrayi" occurs in the Atlantic Ocean while "I. agassizi" occurs in the Indo-Pacific region. "I. meadi" is also found in the Indo-Pacific, but occurs deeper at 3310-4970 m.
Biology.
"Ipnops" has never been observed in the wild, so details of their life history must be inferred from the characteristics of captured specimens. They have large mouths with numerous small teeth for swallowing large prey, as well as well-developed gill rakers for capturing smaller items. Examination of stomach contents show a diet of mostly crustaceans and polychaete worms. Their eyes are extremely modified into flat, cornea-like organs that cover most of the upper surface of the head. The purpose of these structures is debated -- they are light-sensitive and may serve to detect bioluminescent prey; it has also been proposed that the organs themselves may be luminescent and act as lures. "Ipnops" have a well-developed lateral line, which has been suggested to have a primary sensory function given the degenerate state of their other senses.
Like other bathypteroid fishes, "Ipnops" is hermaphroditic, with male and female gonads combined into a single organ. External fertilization is likely, possibly with ripe eggs held by the pelvic fins to facilitate fertilization. The capture of multiple specimens in single trawls suggests that these fishes may live in aggregates.

</doc>
<doc id="19682308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682308" title="Martyrius of Antioch">
Martyrius of Antioch

Martyrius was Patriarch of Antioch from 460 to 470. A Chalcedonian, his patriarchate was dominated by strife between the Chalcedonians and Non-Chalcedonians.
Martyrius was deposed by prominent Non-Chalcedonian Peter the Fuller in 470, the latter supported by Zeno, a general and son-in-law of Byzantine Emperor Leo I. Martyrius fled to Constantinople, where he was supported by Patriarch Gennadius, whose influence with Leo secured Martyrius's brief restoration. However, Peter the Fuller soon forced out Martyrius again, himself occupying the patriarchate once more. Martyrius again appealed to Leo, who again deposed Peter the Fuller, this time in favor of a new Chalcedonian successor, Julian.

</doc>
<doc id="19682310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682310" title="Marc Egnal">
Marc Egnal

Marc Egnal (born December 11, 1943) is an American historian, academic and a professor of history at York University, Toronto, Canada. He completed his B.A. at Swarthmore College in 1965, M.A. in 1967 and Ph.D. in 1974 from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
He has written on the American Revolution and American Civil War. He is the author of four books on American History including "A Mighty Empire: The Origins of the American Revolution" (1988); "Divergent Paths: How Culture and Institutions Have Shaped North American Growth" (1996); and "New World Economies:the Growth of the Thirteen Colonies and Early Canada" (1998). His recent publications include "The Beards Were Right: Political Parties in the North, 1840-1860," "Civil War History", 47 (2001): 30-56; "Rethinking the Secession of the Lower South: A Clash of Two Groups," "Civil War History", 50 (2004): 261-290; and "Explaining John Sherman," "Ohio History", 114 (2007).
His book, "Clash of Extremes: The Economic Origins of the Civil War" (2009), argues that "more than any other reason, the evolution of the Northern and Southern economies explains the Civil War." For more on this work, see the book's web site.
Most recently Professor Egnal has turned his attention to US novels and the value of Big Data in understanding this literature. See his essay, "Crunching Literary Numbers," in the Gray Matter column of the New York Times, July 12, 2013: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/14/opinion/sunday/crunching-literary-numbers.html.

</doc>
<doc id="19682317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682317" title="Bob Simunsen">
Bob Simunsen

Robert 'Bob' Simunsen (born 7 June 1941 in Adelaide) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Woodville in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL). A talented cricketer, he also played some first-class cricket matches in the Sheffield Shield for South Australia.
Simunsen, a centreman, was with Woodville from their inaugural SANFL season in 1964. For the previous five years he had played for the club in the SANFL 'B' competition as Woodville, along with Central District, where required to serve an apprenticeship before being admitted. He won two reserves Magarey Medals, in 1961 and 1962, and was also runner up in the award twice.
When they joined the top flight in 1964, Simunsen was made captain and he won their 'Best and fairest' that year. He went on to win further 'Best and fairest' awards in 1965 and 1966, also finishing second in the 1966 Magarey Medal to Ron Kneebone. Simunsen represented South Australia at interstate football for the first time in 1965, against Victoria, and also appeared at the 1966 Hobart Carnival. Although he didn't continue on as Woodville captain after the initial season, Simunsen had another stint in 1971.
His four cricket matches came during the 1972/73 Sheffield Shield season where he played as a left-handed batsman, making 103 runs at 20.60. This included a half century on debut, against John Benaud's New South Wales at the Adelaide Oval. Simunsen, batting in the same side as the Chappell brothers and Pakistani Test cricketer Younis Ahmed, made 58 in his second innings before being bowled by Kerry O'Keeffe.

</doc>
<doc id="19682332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682332" title="Church Street Row">
Church Street Row

Church Street Row is a group of nine residential buildings along the south side of Church Street (US 44/NY 55) between Academy and Hamilton streets in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
They were built during the years between 1855 and 1895. The earliest, at the corner of Church and Hamilton, are frame clapboard houses in the Greek Revival style. Later buildings used brick, incorporating elements of a variety of styles — Gothic Revival, Second Empire and Queen Anne — that were popular at the times of construction. The eclectic result is the city's largest collection of brick houses in one place.

</doc>
<doc id="19682341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682341" title="Martyrius">
Martyrius

Martyrius is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19682357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682357" title="Yeominrak">
Yeominrak

Yeominrak (Hangul: 여민락, Hanja: 與民樂) is a court song composed by Sejong the Great (1418-1450) during the Joseon Dynasty period in Korea.
Origins.
Yeominrak, which means "Enjoyment with the People", was created based on Korean court music that the king shared to his people to be enjoyed together. This song was created during his 29th year of reign (1447) and actually had lyrics from the Yongbi eocheonga, but only the melodic component is existent today. It is usually played on Hangul Day in South Korea to celebrate the promulgation of Hangul by King Sejong, and also in religious services for the Ancestral Shrine of the Royal family, honoring the Royal Court, and for the Civil and Military authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="19682364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682364" title="Japan Bloodhorse Breeders' Association">
Japan Bloodhorse Breeders' Association

The Japan Bloodhorse Breeding Association (, or ) is a public company established to manage the racehorse breeding industry in Japan.
It was founded in 1946 as the Thoroughbred Corporation Association, and was later renamed. The JBBA offers many programs to help small time thoroughbred breeders around the country. The stallions that they offer are often subsidized so that every breeder has an opportunity to breed to top stallions. 
Other than stallions, the JBBA also offers:

</doc>
<doc id="19682374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682374" title="The Harold Pig Memorial">
The Harold Pig Memorial

The Harold Pig Memorial is the second studio album by Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils, released in 2002. Conceived as a concept album, each song depicts an episode in the life of biker Harold Pig as told by Harold's friends at his wake. 
Reaction.
"the album has an epic sweep to it which makes it feel like a journey. While the nonsequitors and genuinely creepy stretches make Circus Devils' music likely too odd for your average music fan, this isn't a hapless "side project" but an intricate, intoxicating epic showcasing a unique, hybrid form of rock."
- Dave Heaton / Erasing Clouds
"(Robert) Pollard's patented vocal hooks are sprinkled throughout and vicious guitar solos add to the Devils' sweeping sense of barely controlled chaos. The tone of the album remains dark and is again done on a grand soundtrack scale, but whereas Ringworm Interiors had a menacing, unsettling, perhaps David Lynchian feel, The Harold Pig Memorial has a more unifying, often suitably funereal (but still unsettling), musical theme woven throughout." 
- Karen E. Graves / [ allmusic.com]

</doc>
<doc id="19682386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682386" title="Hoyte van Hoytema">
Hoyte van Hoytema

Hoyte van Hoytema (born 4 October 1971) is a Dutch-Swedish cinematographer who studied at the Polish National Filmschool in Lodz. He has worked primarily in Sweden, but also in Germany, Norway, the United States and the United Kingdom.
Life and work.
Hoyte van Hoytema has shot several feature films, documentaries and successful TV series. His collaboration with directors Mikael Marcimain and Tomas Alfredson has won him critical acclaim and a collection of national and international prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19682390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682390" title="Philipp Bertkau">
Philipp Bertkau

Philipp Bertkau (January 11, 1849 – October 22, 1894) was a German zoologist born in Cologne.
He studied natural sciences at the University of Bonn, where in 1872 he earned his doctorate. In 1873 he became an assistant at the botanical institute in Munich, and during the following spring was an assistant at the zoological institute at Bonn. In 1882 he was appointed professor at the Agricultural Academy of Poppelsdorf, and in 1890 became curator at the Institute of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy.
Bertkau is remembered for his work involving the anatomy and physiology of spiders, research on sense of smell in butterflies, and anatomical studies of hermaphroditic arthropods. At Bonn he was secretary of "Bonner Gesellschaft für Naturgeschichte" (Bonn Society of Natural History).
He is the taxonomic authority of the families Anyphaenidae, Hahniidae, Sparassidae and Zoropsidae, and of the genera "Ancylometes", "Chalcoscirtus", "Comaroma" and "Diplocephalus".

</doc>
<doc id="19682405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682405" title="Merriweather Post Pavilion (album)">
Merriweather Post Pavilion (album)

Merriweather Post Pavilion is the eighth studio album by American experimental group Animal Collective, released in January 2009 on Domino Records. The album is named after the Columbia, Maryland venue, Merriweather Post Pavilion. A plan to perform at Merriweather Post Pavilion after the album's release in 2009 was ultimately discarded, though the band eventually did perform there on July 9, 2011. According to review aggregate site Metacritic, "Merriweather" was the most critically acclaimed album of 2009, and went on to sell a total of 200,000 copies.
Background.
After recording "Strawberry Jam" in January 2007, Deakin (Josh Dibb, guitarist) decided he would take time off from the group for undisclosed personal reasons. As a result, the group went about writing a new batch of songs to be played without guitar. Drawing inspiration from Panda Bear's "Person Pitch", the band used samplers as its primary instruments. The group debuted nine of these songs, most of which would later appear on the album, in May 2007 and toured with them through 2008.
Recording.
To record its eighth studio album, Animal Collective sought the services of Ben H. Allen as co-producer. In an interview with the "Baltimore City Paper", Allen stated that the band chose him due to "my work with Gnarls Barkley, and wanted my low-end expertise". According to band-member Brian Weitz, while "was the original attraction", Animal Collective was also impressed by his eclectic music tastes, "[he seemed to be somebody that technically knew how to work in hip-hop, but was open-minded to other styles as well. . . . knowing that he’d been involved in a lot of the Bad Boy Records stuff from the '90s was exciting to us". Subsequently, the band and Allen met over a few conference calls on Skype in January 2008, and began recording on February 1 at Sweet Tea Recording Studio in Oxford, Mississippi.
Privacy during the sessions was paramount for the group, and a significant factor for choosing Sweet Tea. According to Allen, "During the whole month we worked on the album, the only people there were me, my assistant, and the band. No phones or computers. . . . It’s a small town, we were in the South, no one knew who they were. It was nonstop name=BCP/> The studio also offered other advantages; Dave Portner felt Sweet Tea was "the vibiest studio I’ve ever been in. It feels like you’re making music in a living room that just happens to have a Neve 8038 desk in it". Further, since Animal Collective planned to record a sample-heavy album, the studio's large control room was ideal; Weitz stated, "we wanted to do most of the tracking in the same room as the engineer". On "Merriweather Post Pavilion", the band wanted to capture a live sound on record, just as it intended to on Strawberry Jam. However, recording methods for the two albums were very different, in Noah Lennox's words, "we went about them in totally opposite ways". While on Strawberry Jam they worked with a live foundation (over which they didn't add too many overdubs), on "Merriweather..." they "tracked pretty much every sound individually on its own channel, so that we’d have complete control over every sound in the mixing process".
The band adopted a number of unorthodox recording practices. For instance, Animal Collective set up its PA systems in the control room in an attempt to replicate the group's live sound; Weitz said, "since so much of album was electronic and sample-based, we used those PA speakers to make the samples".
Artwork.
The Artwork features an example of illusory motion, a type of optical illusion which is based on the works of Japanese psychologist Akiyoshi Kitaoka. It was compiled and packaged by Robert Carmichael of SEEN studio, who has worked for Animal Collective before and after.
Release.
"Merriweather Post Pavilion" was announced in a cryptic update to Animal Collective's official website on October 5, 2008, an update which initially caused a great deal of confusion about the nature of the news. The site was updated again on October 8 with a link to a second page showing a video of the track listing, which was followed by an official announcement regarding the nature of the news on October 10. Prior to the album's official release, a number of promotional listening parties were held in various cities across the United States and United Kingdom.
On November 18, the track "Brother Sport" was leaked onto the internet by way of its inclusion in a French music podcast. The track was subsequently posted on many blogs, including Pitchfork Media, but was later removed virtually everywhere by the international internet policing company Web Sheriff. On November 24, it was incorrectly reported that the band Grizzly Bear had leaked the track through their blog. Ed Droste of Grizzly Bear later clarified that they had only reposted the track as many other blogs had done.
The album was released on vinyl in the United States on January 6, 2009. It was released on both vinyl and CD in the UK on January 12, and on CD and digitally in the United States on January 20. The album peaked at number 13 on the United States "Billboard" 200.
Reception.
"Merriweather Post Pavilion" has been met with universal acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 89, based on 36 reviews. Despite its January release, initial critical response proclaimed it one of the best albums of 2009. Slant Magazine and "Uncut" gave the album five out of five stars. Stephen Troussé of "Uncut" wrote that the album "feels like one of the landmark American albums of the century so far." Andrzej Lukowski of Drowned in Sound wrote "Is "Merriweather Post Pavilion" the flawless album that it's been willed to be? Taken as a whole I'd say it's pretty damn close." Amongst negative reviews, Michael Patrick Brady of "The Boston Phoenix" gave the album two and a half stars out of four, arguing that the album "lacks the playfulness and spontaneity that endeared so many to this group".
Reviews noted the album is Animal Collective's most accessible, as well as a culmination of their previous work. Many have said it is Animal Collective's most Beach Boys-like album, and in this sense an easier listen than most of their earlier, more avant-garde work. Pitchfork Media gave the album a 9.6 out of 10 rating, stating the album is "striking in its immediacy and comes across as friendly and welcoming". Later that year, Pitchfork ranked "Merriweather Post Pavilion" 14 on their Top 200 Albums of the 2000s list and also the Album of the Year for 2009. The A.V. Club called the album a "summation and an expansion of everything Animal Collective has done so far, with a sharper focus on melody and more emboldened vocals that drive the songs." Dave Simpson of "The Guardian" gave the album four out of five stars, declaring the album sound as "their most 'pop'" and the album itself as "a joyful, transcendent record somehow reminiscent of kids let loose in a musical sandpit." "Entertainment Weekly" awarded the album an A- stating that although it "won't land the band the opening slot on a Coldplay tour", the album "cleaves closer to "Person Pitch"'s more listener-friendly aesthetic". In their 2009 end of year coverage, UK music magazine "Clash" named 'Merriweather Post Pavilion' its Album of the Year, publishing an in-depth look at the album and interview with the band's Noah Lennox (a.k.a. Panda Bear). Spin Magazine ranked it the best album of the year, as did Entertainment Weekly and KEXP. Rolling Stone placed it at 14 on their list.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Animal Collective, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19682410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682410" title="Iowa Senate elections, 2008">
Iowa Senate elections, 2008

The 2008 Iowa Senate election were held on November 4, 2008. The Senate seats for the twenty-five even-numbered districts were up for election. Senate terms are staggered such that half the membership is elected every two years, with each Senators serving a four-year term. Prior to the election, the Democrats were in the majority - marking the first time in 42 years that the Democrats had controlled both branches of the Iowa General Assembly and the Governor's Office. They expanded this majority by two seats in the 2008 elections.
Results.
The election took place on November 4, 2008. Candidate list and official results from the Iowa Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="19682420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682420" title="Peter Kimlin">
Peter Kimlin

Peter Kimlin is an Australian rugby union football player who plays for Grenoble in the French Top 14.
On October 13, 2010, it was announced that Kimlin signed a short term contract to join the Exeter Chiefs in England during the 2010/11 season in order to get game-time prior to the upcoming Super Rugby season and his bid for a spot in Australia's Rugby World Cup squad, having missed a year of action with nerve damage to his shoulder. However his stay in the UK with the Chiefs was cut short after suffering a knee injury in training with Exeter following a collision with team-mate Paul McKenzie.
He plays as a lock or flanker and can also play number 8.
It was announced 20 April 2013, that Kimlin, along with Brumbies teammate Dan Palmer had joined French Top 14 side FC Grenoble.

</doc>
<doc id="19682421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682421" title="Behavioral contagion">
Behavioral contagion

Behavioral contagion is a type of social influence. It refers to the propensity for certain behavior exhibited by one person to be copied by others who are either in the vicinity of the original actor, or who have been exposed to media coverage describing the behavior of the original actor. It was originally used by Gustave Le Bon (1895) to explain undesirable aspects of behavior of people in crowds.
The occurrence of behavioral contagion has been attributed to a variety of different factors, but the predominant theory is that of the reduction of restraints, put forth by Fritz Redl in 1949 and analyzed in depth by Ladd Wheeler in 1966. Even with the popularity of this theory, social psychologists acknowledge a number of factors that influence the likelihood of behavioral contagion occurring, such as deindividuation (Festinger, Pepitone, & Newcomb, 1952) and the emergence of social norms (Turner, 1964). Freedman, Birsky and Cavoukian (1980) have also focused on the effects of physical factors on contagion, in particular, density and number.
Ogunlade (1979, p. 205) describes behavioral contagion as a “spontaneous, unsolicited and uncritical imitation of another’s behavior” that occurs when certain variables are met: a) the observer and the model share a similar situation or mood (this is one way behavioral contagion can be readily applied to mob psychology); b) the model’s behavior encourages the observer to review his condition and to change it; c) the model’s behavior would assist the observer to resolve a conflict by reducing restraints, if copied; and d) the model is assumed to be a positive reference individual.
Factors influencing contagion.
Reduction of restraints.
Behavioral contagion is a result of the reduction of fear or restraints – aspects of a group or situation which prevent certain behaviors from being performed. Restraints are typically group-derived, meaning that the “observer”, the individual wishing to perform a certain behavior, is constrained by the fear of rejection by the group, who would view this behavior as a “lack of impulse control”.
An individual (the “observer”) wants to perform some behavior, but that behavior would violate the unspoken and accepted rules of the group or situation they are in; these rules are the restraints preventing the observer from performing that action. Once the restraints are broken or reduced the observer is then “free” to perform the behavior his- or herself; this is achieved by the “intervention” of the model. The model is another individual, in the same group or situation as the observer, who performs the behavior which the observer wished to perform. Stephenson and Fielding (1971) describe this effect as “one member of a gathering has performed a commonly desired action, the payoffs for similar action or nonaction are materially altered. … [The initiator, by his action, establishes an inequitable advantage over the other members of the gathering which they may proceed to nullify by following his example. ”
Density and number.
Density refers to the amount of space available to a person – high density meaning there is less space per person – and number refers to the size of the group. Freedman (1975) put forth the intensification theory, which posits that high density makes the other people in a group more salient features of the environment, this magnifying the individual’s reaction to them. Research has shown that high density does in fact increase the likelihood of contagion (Freedman, 1975; Freedman, Birsky, & Cavoukian, 1980). Number also has an effect on contagion, but to a lesser degree than density.
Identity of the model.
Stephenson and Fielding (1971) state that the identity of the model is a factor that influences contagion (p. 81). Depending on the behavior, sex of the model may be a factor in the contagion of that behavior being performed by other individuals – particularly in instances of adult models performing aggressive behavior in the presence of children-observers (Bandura, Ross, & Ross, 1963) {Imitation of film-mediated aggressive models}. In this particular series of experiments – Albert Bandura’s Bobo doll experiments from 1961 and 1963 – where the behavior of children was studied after the children watched an adult model punching a bobo doll and the model received a reward, a punishment, or there were no consequences, the analyses revealed that the male model influenced the participants’ behavior to a greater extent than did the female model; this was true for both the aggressive and the nonaggressive male models (p. 581).
Personality of the observer.
Ogunlade (1979) found that extroverts, who are described as impulsive and sociable individuals, are more likely to be susceptible to contagion than introverted individuals, who are described as reserved and emotionally controlled.
Social norms.
Gino, Ayal and Ariely (2009) state that an important factor influencing contagion is the degree to which the observer identifies with the others of the group (p. 394). When identification with the rest of the group is strong, the behaviors of the others will have a larger influence.
Similarities and differences with other types of social influence.
Contagion is only one of a myriad of types of social influence.
Conformity / social pressures.
Conformity is a type of social influence that is very similar to contagion. It is almost identical to another type of social influence, “pressures toward uniformity” (social pressures) (Festinger, 1954), which differ only in the research techniques they are associated with (Wheeler, 1966, p. 182).
Both conformity and contagion involve some sort of conflict, but differ in the roles other individuals play in that conflict. In conformity, the other individuals of the group try to pressure the observer into performing a behavior; the model then performs some other behavior in the vicinity of the observer. This results in the observer creating restraints against the pressured behavior and a conflict between the pressured behavior and the behavior performed by the model. In the end, the observer either performs the model’s behavior his-/herself, rejects the model, or pressures the model to perform the original pressured behavior (Wheeler, Table 1). In contagion, the model’s behavior results in the removing of restraints and the resolving of the conflict, while in conformity, the model’s behavior results in the creation of restraints and of the conflict.
Social facilitation.
Social facilitation, another type of social influence, is distinguished from contagion, as well as from conformity and social pressures, by the lack of any marked conflict. It is said to occur when the performance of an instinctive pattern of behavior by an individual acts as a releaser for the same behavior in others, and so initiates the same line of action in the whole group (Thorpe, 1956, p. 120). Bandura and Walters (1963, p. 79), give the example of an adult, who has lost the unique aspects of the dialect of the region where they were raised, returns for a visit and “regains” those previously lost patterns of speech. Starch (1911) referred to this phenomenon as an “unintentional or unconscious imitation”.
Imitation.
Imitation is different from contagion in that it is learned via reward and punishment and is generalized across situations. Imitation can also be a generic term for contagion, conformity, social pressures, and social facilitation.
Research.
Effects of group pressure.
Behavioral contagion, largely discussed in the behaviors of crowds, and closely related to emotional contagion, plays a large role in gatherings of two or more people. In the original Milgram experiment on obedience, for example, where participants, who were in a room with only the experimenter, were ordered to administer increasingly more severe electrical shocks as punishment to a person in another room (from here on out, referred to as the “victim”), the conflict or social restraint experienced by the participants was the obligation to not disobey the experimenter – even when shocking the victim to the highest shock level given, a behavior which the participants saw as opposing their personal and social ideals (Milgram, 1965, p. 129).
Milgram also conducted two other experiments, replications of his original obedience experiment, with the intent being to analyze the effect of group behavior on participants: instead of the subject being alone with the experimenter, two confederates were utilized. In the first of the two experiments, “Groups for Disobedience,” the confederates defied the experimenter and refused to punish the victim (p. 130). This produced a significant effect on the obedience of the participants: in the original experiment, 26 of the 40 participants administered the maximum shock; in the disobedient groups experiment, only 4 of 40 participants administered the highest level of voltage (Table 1). Despite this high correlation between shock level administered and the obedience of the group in the disobedient groups experiment, there was no significant correlation for the second of the replicated experiments: “Obedient Groups”, where the confederates did not disobey the experimenter and, when the participant voiced angst regarding the experiment and wished to stop administering volts to the victim, the confederates voiced their disapproval (p. 133). Milgram concludes the study by remarking that “the insertion of group pressure in a direction opposite that of the experimenter’s commands produces a powerful shift toward the group. Changing the group movement does not yield a comparable shift in the [participant’s] performance. The group success in one case and failure in another can be traced directly to the configuration of motive and social forces operative in the starting situation.” That is, if the group’s attitudes are similar to or compatible with the participant’s/observer’s, there is a greater likelihood that the participant/observer will join with the group (p. 134).

</doc>
<doc id="19682425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682425" title="Kathy Tebow">
Kathy Tebow

Kathy Tebow (Sharp) (born 23 June 1957) is from Anchorage, Alaska and competed in the 1977 Miss America Scholarship Pageant.
Early life.
Tebow is a 1975 graduate of Dimond High School. She graduated magna cum laude in 1996 from University of Alaska Fairbanks with a bachelor's degree and teaching certificates in Music Education K-12 and Elementary Education K-8. She went on to graduate summa cum laude in 2004 from University of Alaska Southeast with a Masters degree and teaching certificate in Educational Technology K-12. Tebow (Sharp) now teaches school in Wasilla, Alaska, the hometown of famous Miss Alaska runner-up, Sarah Heath Palin (widely known as Governor of Alaska and Vice Presidential running mate of John McCain).
Pageant.
Tebow won her first pageant title in March 1976 when she was crowned Miss Anchorage 1976 in her first attempt at the title. Two weeks later she represented Anchorage in the 1976 Miss Alaska Pageant and won the title; reigning during the nation's bicentennial year. An accomplished violinist and member of the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra, Tebow performed a Hungarian folk dance for the Miss Anchorage Pageant talent competition, and a footstomping rendition of "Orange Blossom Special" for the Miss Alaska Pageant. However, it was Tebow's performance of a classical violin piece at the Miss America 1977 Pageant that earned her a respected non-finalist talent award; the first Miss Alaska award at the national pageant in 12 years.
Personal life.
While serving as Miss Alaska, Tebow met U. S. Navy Chief Petty Officer Creig Sharp who escorted her to visiting Navy ships as part of her Bicentennial greeting duties. They later became engaged and set a wedding date for a couple weeks following the end of her Miss Alaska reign. Sharp had been transferred with the military to the Lower 48 states and returned to the state to see his fiance finish her duties on the final pageant night. The next morning he left on a Kodiak Brown Bear hunt and was mauled four days into the trip. The couple were still wed on time two weeks later, although Sharp was released from the hospital on an overnight pass to attend in a wheelchair and underwent many more months of recovery. The harrowing account of the bear mauling was the cover story of "Outdoor Life" and "Alaska", a scary tale in "The National Enquirer", and part of several successful books about bears including "Alaska Bear Tales" by Larry Kanuit; and "Bear Attacks: Their Causes and Avoidance"
References.
[http://books.google.com/books?id=gFlz6UKGqrcC&pg=PA29&lpg=PA29&dq=alaska+magazine+creig+sharp&source=web&ots=alfwV2_XPK&sig=RM2Qjrrw57Em9Wr5iaWp73-jhWE&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result]

</doc>
<doc id="19682427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682427" title="Iburi Stallion Station">
Iburi Stallion Station

Iburi Stallion Station is a Japanese thoroughbred horse farm located on the island of Hokkaidō. Operated by the Japan Bloodhorse Breeders' Association (JBBA), it is located in Iburi Prefecture.
It is the current home of some very famous American thoroughbred stallions including:

</doc>
<doc id="19682437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682437" title="Dogface (TV series)">
Dogface (TV series)

Dogface is a British sketch comedy television series which debuted on E4 in September 2007. The show consists of sketches sometimes interspersed with animations featuring dogs sitting at tables talking as "lads" talk, with much reference to booze, birds and other lad culture stereotypes. The series is produced by Objective Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19682445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682445" title="Dogface (military)">
Dogface (military)

Dogface refers to a U.S. Army foot soldier serving in the infantry, especially in World War II.
History and usage.
The origin of the term is difficult to ascertain. According to the recollections of veteran Phillip Leveque:
Perhaps I should explain the derivation of the term "dogface". He lived in "pup tents" and foxholes. We were treated like dogs in training. We had dog tags for identification. The basic story is that wounded soldiers in the Civil War had tags tied to them with string indicating the nature of their wounds. The tags were like those put on a pet dog or horse, but I can't imagine anybody living in a horse tent or being called a horseface. Correctly speaking, only Infantrymen are called dogfaces. Much of the time we were filthy, cold and wet as a duck-hunting dog and we were ordered around sternly and loudly like a half-trained dog.
The term was used in media such as "Up Front" by combat cartoonist Bill Mauldin, who may have heard the term while serving with the 45th Infantry Division in Italy.
The term gained a high profile in the USA when it was used in the 1955 Hollywood film "To Hell and Back", based on the best-selling autobiography of Audie Murphy, the most decorated U.S. soldier of World War II, and starring Murphy in the lead role. The film included a song, "The Dogface Soldier", originally written in 1942 by two U.S. Army infantry soldiers; it was adopted as the song of the 3rd Infantry Division, and was widely played and sung during the war. The song eventually sold 300,000 copies.
The song is still sung every morning after reveille by the soldiers of the 3rd Infantry Division while in garrison at Ft. Stewart, Ga. (Division Headquarters), Ft. Benning, Ga. (3rd Brigade of the 3ID), and Hunter Army Airfield, Ga. (Supporting 3ID Units).

</doc>
<doc id="19682468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682468" title="Elmsted">
Elmsted

Elmsted is a village and civil parish in the Shepway District of Kent, England. It is located west of Stone Street (the B2068), the Roman road which today takes traffic between Canterbury and Lympne. Within the parish are the settlements of Bodsham, North Leigh and Evington. There are six elected members of the Parish Council.
The Anglican church is dedicated to St James the Great and is Grade I listed with an unusual wooden medieval belfry on the tower. The local school is Bodsham Church of England Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="19682479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682479" title="Pinball Mars">
Pinball Mars

"Pinball Mars" is the third studio album from Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils. The album, written as a mini-rock opera, was released in 2004. All songs were written and performed by Robert Pollard, Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias. 
Reaction.
""Somewhere between the caustic noise of 2001's Ringworm Interiors and the more reined-in, sensitive concept album The Harold Pig Memorial (2002), Pinball Mars often sounds like arena rock anthems after they've been processed by two different mechanisms: one looking to make them into death-metal hymns to Satan, the other trying to discover what would happen if classic rock and free jazz had a baby""
- David Heaton / Erasing Clouds
""The soundtrack is one of blood-curdling fancy merry-go-round rides. One wants off, but can't because of what awaits. It's as if an illicit IV has been administered during REM sleep, drawing the listener closer to the protagonists, and further into their shady world. The theme of good and evil has always been the Circus Devils' focus, but here the concept feels different, more human"" 
- Bart Bealmear / [ Allmusic.com]

</doc>
<doc id="19682500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682500" title="Christopher Lamprecht">
Christopher Lamprecht

Christopher Lamprecht (born 22 April 1985 in Stendal, East Germany) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent. He is a defender that can play right fullback as well as central defensive midfield.
Career.
Lamprecht started his career as a youth player for German Bundesliga team VfL Wolfsburg, where he played since the age of 14. After joining their reserves in 2004, he signed a professional contract in July 2005. After two and a half years in the first squad, the new coach, former Bayern Munich coach Felix Magath decided to loan him to 1. FC Kaiserslautern. He was able to impress Milan Šašić, the coach of 1. FC Kaiserslautern, at the time, who consequentially offered him a contract. However, his positive relationship with the coaching staff depleted after several mishaps, and he was transferred to Kaiserslautern's reserve squad in the Regionalliga West. In July 2009, he was sold to Holstein Kiel where he believed to have a better perspective. On 30 July 2010, he signed a contract with Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="19682521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682521" title="Comparison of file hosting services">
Comparison of file hosting services

This article compares file hosting services where files can be shared.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19682612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682612" title="Manthos Oikonomou">
Manthos Oikonomou

Manthos Oikonomou (, 1754–1822) was a Greek scholar, chancellor and advisor of Ali Pasha in Ioannina.
Born at 1754 in the village of Koukouli (Zagori region). After completing ground level studies in his village he continued his studies in Ioannina. He was already a scholar at 1800. Due to his personality: being honest, hard-working, highly educated, was engaged in Ali’ s court, and soon he managed to become his trustworthy advisor.
While he was at his service he managed to remain indifferent towards the brutalities, committed by Ali’s men against his orthodox fellows. When he got the opportunity he always intervened to save his compatriots from imprisonment or even death (like Konstantinos Ikonomou). His attitude was some times misunderstood. The people who knew him, were sure about his patriotic feelings. Both himself and his brother became members of Filiki Eteria at 1817. At 1819 he negotiated, for Ali Pasha, with the British, the surrender of the coastal town of Parga. The same year he found at Koukouli, the "Central School of Zagori". During the conflicts between Ali Pasha and Suplime Porte, he strictly followed the instructions of Filiki Eteria.
He was arrested by Οttoman troops of Mahmud Dramali Pasha in Metsovo and executed at 22 August 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="19682628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682628" title="Sugandha">
Sugandha

Sugandha (?–914) was the Queen and Regent of Kashmir during the 10th century. At this time, two opposing military factions were vying for ascendancy in Kashmir: the Ekangas and the Tantrins, a wild, ungovernable, and unpredictable clan. Queen Sugandha allied herself with the Ekangas in order to maintain her control of Kashmir as a whole. In a 914 clash between the two factions, Queen Sugandha’s forces were defeated, leaving the Tantrins in complete control. Queen Sugandha was deposed, and none of the succeeding rulers was able to assert his authority over the Tantrins.

</doc>
<doc id="19682669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682669" title="Ringworm Interiors">
Ringworm Interiors

Ringworm Interiors is the debut album from Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils. Released in 2001, the album is a psychedelic collage of musical vignettes with moods ranging from aggressive and disorienting to haunting and dreamy.
Members of Circus Devils include Robert Pollard, founder of the band Guided by Voices, along with producer / musician Todd Tobias, and guitarist Tim Tobias. 
Reception.
"A psychedelic boat rides that leads to a poorly lit and wicked place, where even the nursery rhymes of youth become foreboding. Beauty dances with ugliness, much like it does in the work of Roman Polanski and David Lynch, filmmakers who are drawn to the amalgam of good and evil that permeates the real world. Furthering the connection, many of (Todd) Tobias' instrumental beads could be effectively re-scored to works like Twin Peaks and Rosemary's Baby"
- Bart Bealmear / Allmusic.com 
"Likely to appeal to music fans interested in extreme rock, or in music which is rooted in rock but which pushes the usual boundaries. This is a psychedelic mindtrip with heavy metal textures melding with non-sequitur lyrics delivered by many means of vocalizing (few of which would be described as "good singing"), and everything's cloaked in more feedback and fuzz than you can imagine. While some of the more direct songs demonstrate that hard rock is at this music's core, this is rock music that's been transformed into something dark and strange. With Ringworm Interiors, my first reaction was to yell "What the hell is this?" and quickly throw it aside. Those who give up too soon, however, miss being taken deep into a unique musical world. It's not a world likely to appeal to mass audiences, but it is an unmistakably distinct one that you won't soon forget." 
- Dave Heaton / Erasing Clouds

</doc>
<doc id="19682670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682670" title="Crypt Style">
Crypt Style

Crypt Style is the second official album by the group The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, and was first released in 1992 on CD in Japan on the "1+2" label. It was later released with an abbreviated track listing on CD in Germany, and as an LP in the US, both in 1993 under the Crypt label. The album tracks were recorded in two different sessions. The first come from a recording session with Kramer in July 1991, and followed by a recording session with Steve Albini in November and December 1991.
Many of the tracks that appear on this album are the same ones that appear on both "A Reverse Willie Horton" Bootleg LP and "The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion" CD that was released in the US in 1992. Because there are three versions of this album with different track listings, many people consider this release to be the same as the self-titled release, because all of the tracks are from the same two recording sessions.
Track listings.
US LP - 1993.
Side A 
Side B 

</doc>
<doc id="19682699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682699" title="Chinese New Year">
Chinese New Year

Chinese New Year is an important traditional Chinese holiday celebrated at the turn of the Chinese calendar. In China, it is also known as the Spring Festival, the literal translation of the modern Chinese name. Chinese New Year celebrations traditionally run from Chinese New Year's Eve, the last day of the last month of the Chinese calendar, to the Lantern Festival on the 15th day of the first month, making the festival the longest in the Chinese calendar. Because the Chinese calendar is lunisolar, the Chinese New Year is often referred to as the "Lunar New Year".
The source of Chinese New Year is itself centuries old and gains significance because of several myths and traditions. Traditionally, the festival was a time to honor deities as well as ancestors. Chinese New Year is celebrated in countries and territories with significant Chinese populations, including Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mauritius, Philippines, and also in Chinatowns elsewhere. Chinese New Year is considered a major holiday for the Chinese and has had influence on the lunar new year celebrations of its geographic neighbors.
Within China, regional customs and traditions concerning the celebration of the Chinese new year vary widely. Often, the evening preceding Chinese New Year's Day is an occasion for Chinese families to gather for the annual reunion dinner. It is also traditional for every family to thoroughly cleanse the house, in order to sweep away any ill-fortune and to make way for good incoming luck. Windows and doors will be decorated with red color paper-cuts and couplets with popular themes of "good fortune" or "happiness", "wealth", and "longevity." Other activities include lighting firecrackers and giving money in red paper envelopes.
Although the Chinese calendar traditionally does not use continuously numbered years, outside China its years are often numbered from the reign of the 3rd millennium BC Yellow Emperor. But at least three different years numbered 1 are now used by various scholars, making the year beginning AD 2014 the "Chinese Year" 4712, 4711, or 4651.
Names in Chinese.
Traditionally, the festivities surrounding Chinese New Year was known as the "Nian" festival (), which may be understood to as "Festival of the Year", or "New Year Festival". A derivative term, "Guo Nian" (), is still commonly used to refer to the act of celebrating the arrival of the new year. An alternative name for Chinese New Year is "New Year in the Agricultural Calendar" (), the "Agricultural Calendar" being one of the more common Chinese language names for the Chinese calendar in China.
New Year's Day itself was traditionally called "Yuandan" (), literally "the first sunrise", but in 1913 the recently established Republic of China government appropriated that name to refer instead to New Year's Day in the newly adopted Gregorian Calendar, with Chinese New Year instead being called "Spring Festival" (), which remains the official name for the New Year's Day public holiday in both mainland China and Taiwan. Prior to 1913, "Spring Festival" instead referred to lichun, (February 4 or 5), the first solar term in a Chinese calendar year, which marked the end of winter and start of spring.
An alternative name for Chinese New Year's Day means literally "the first day of the (great) year" (). The New Year's Day public holiday in Hong Kong and Macau is named in Chinese, as literally "First Day of the Year in the Agricultural Calendar" () while the official English name is "The First Day of Lunar New Year".
Chinese New Year's Eve, a day where Chinese families gather for their annual reunion dinner, named as "Nian Ye Fan", is known as "Evening of the Passing" ().
Dates.
The lunisolar Chinese calendar determines the date of Chinese New Year. The calendar is also used in countries that have adopted or have been influenced by many eastern Asian countries such as Korea, Japan and Vietnam.
In the Gregorian calendar, Chinese New Year falls on different dates each year, a date between January 21 and February 20. In the Chinese calendar, winter solstice must occur in the 11th month, which means that Chinese New Year usually falls on the second new moon after the winter solstice (rarely the third if an intercalary month intervenes). In traditional Chinese Culture, lichun is a solar term marking the start of spring, which occurs about February 4.
The dates for Chinese New Year from 1996 to 2031 (in the Gregorian calendar) are above, along with the year's presiding animal zodiac and its earthly branch. The names of the Earthly Branches have no English counterparts and are "not" the Chinese translations of the animals. Alongside the 12-year cycle of the animal zodiac there is a 10-year cycle of heavenly stems. Each of the ten heavenly stems is associated with one of the five elements of Chinese astrology, namely: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal, and Water. The elements are rotated every two years while a yin and yang association alternates every year. The elements are thus distinguished: Yang Wood, Yin Wood, Yang Fire, Yin Fire, etc. These produce a combined cycle that repeats every 60 years. For example, the year of the Yang Fire Rat occurred in 1936 and in 1996, 60 years apart.
Many confuse their Chinese birth-year with their Gregorian birth-year. As the Chinese New Year starts in late January to mid-February, the Chinese year dates from January 1 until that day in the new Gregorian year remain unchanged from the previous Gregorian year. For example, the 1989 year of the Snake began on February 6, 1989. The year 1990 is considered by some people to be the year of the Horse. However, the 1989 year of the Snake officially ended on February 8, 1990. This means that anyone born from January 1 to February 7, 1990 was actually born in the year of the Snake rather than the year of the Horse. Many online Chinese Sign calculators do not account for the non-alignment of the two calendars, using Gregorian-calendar years rather than official Chinese New Year dates.
One scheme of continuously numbered Chinese-calendar years assigns 4709 to the year beginning, 2011, but this is not universally accepted; the calendar is traditionally cyclical, not continuously numbered.
Mythology.
According to tales and legends, the beginning of Chinese New Year started with the fight against a mythical beast called the Nian. Nian would come on the first day of New Year to eat livestock, crops, and even villagers, especially children. To protect themselves, the villagers would put food in front of their doors at the beginning of every year. It was believed that after the Nian ate the food they prepared, it wouldn't attack any more people. One day people saw that the Nian was scared away by a little child wearing red. The villagers then understood that the Nian was afraid of the color red. Time when the New Year was about to come, the villagers would hang red lanterns and red spring scrolls on windows and doors. People also used firecrackers to frighten away the Nian. From then on, Nian never came to the village again. The Nian was eventually captured by Hongjun Laozu, an ancient Taoist monk. The Nian became Hongjun Laozu's mount.
Public holiday.
Chinese New Year is observed as a public holiday in a number of countries and territories where a sizable Chinese population resides. Since Chinese New Year falls on different dates on the Gregorian calendar every year on different days of the week, some of these governments opt to shift working days in order to accommodate a longer public holiday. In some countries, a statutory holiday is added on the following work day when the New Year falls on a weekend, as in the case of 2013, where the New Year's Eve (9 February) falls on Saturday and the New Year's Day (10 February) on Sunday.
Festivities.
Preceding days.
On the eighth day of the lunar month prior to Chinese New Year, the "Laba" holiday (), a traditional porridge, Laba porridge (), is served in remembrance of an ancient festival, called "La", that occurred shortly after the winter solstice. Pickles such as Laba garlic, which turns green from vinegar, are also made on this day. For those that believe in Buddhism, the Laba holiday is also considered Bodhi Day. "Layue" () is a term often associated with Chinese New Year as it refers to the sacrifices held in honor of the gods in the twelfth lunar month, hence the cured meats of Chinese New Year are known as "larou" (). The porridge was prepared by the women of the household at first light, with the first bowl offered to the family's ancestors and the household deities. Every member of the family was then served a bowl, with leftovers distributed to relatives and friends. It's still served as a special breakfast on this day in some Chinese homes. The concept of the 'La month' is similar to Advent in Christianity. Many families eat vegan on Chinese New Year eve, the garlic and preserved meat are eaten on Chinese New Year day.
On the days immediately before the New Year celebration, Chinese families give their home a thorough cleaning. There is a Cantonese saying "Wash away the dirt on "nin ya baat"" (), but the practice is not restricted to "nin ya baat" (the 28th day of month 12). It is believed the cleaning sweeps away the bad luck of the preceding year and makes their homes ready for good luck. Brooms and dust pans are put away on the first day so that the newly arrived good luck cannot be swept away. Some people give their homes, doors and window-frames a new coat of red paint; decorators and paper-hangers do a year-end rush of business prior to Chinese New Year. Homes are often decorated with paper cutouts of Chinese auspicious phrases and couplets. Purchasing new clothing and shoes also symbolize a new start. Any hair cuts need to be completed before the New Year, as cutting hair on New Year is considered bad luck due to the homonymic nature of the word "hair" (fa) and the word for "prosperity". Businesses are expected to pay off all the debts outstanding for the year before the new year eve, extending to debts of gratitude. Thus it is a common practice to send gifts and rice to close business associates, and extended family members.
In many households where Buddhism or Taoism is prevalent, home altars and statues are cleaned thoroughly, and altars that were adorned with decorations from the previous year are taken down and burned a week before the new year starts, to be replaced with new decorations. Taoists (and Buddhists to a lesser extent) will also "send gods" (), an example would be burning a paper effigy of Zao Jun the Kitchen God, the recorder of family functions. This is done so that the Kitchen God can report to the Jade Emperor of the family household's transgressions and good deeds. Families often offer sweet foods (such as candy) in order to "bribe" the deities into reporting good things about the family.
Prior to the Reunion Dinner, a thanksgiving prayer offering to mark the safe passage of the previous year is held. Confucianists take the opportunity to remember the ancestors, and those who had lived before them are revered.
The biggest event of any Chinese New Year's Eve is the Reunion Dinner,named as "Nian Ye Fan". A dish consisting of fish will appear on the tables of Chinese families. It is for display for the New Year's Eve dinner. This meal is comparable to Christmas dinner in the West. In northern China, it is customary to make dumplings (jiaozi) after dinner to eat around midnight. Dumplings symbolize wealth because their shape resembles a Chinese sycee. By contrast, in the South, it is customary to make a glutinous new year cake (niangao) and send pieces of it as gifts to relatives and friends in the coming days of the new year. Niángāo literally means "new year cake" with a homophonous meaning of "increasingly prosperous year in year out". After dinner, some families go to local temples hours before the new year begins to pray for a prosperous new year by lighting the first incense of the year; however in modern practice, many households hold parties and even hold a countdown to the new year. Traditionally, firecrackers were once lit to scare away evil spirits with the household doors sealed, not to be reopened until the new morning in a ritual called "opening the door of fortune" (). Beginning in 1982, the "CCTV New Year's Gala" was broadcast four hours before the start of the New Year.
First day.
The first day is for the welcoming of the deities of the heavens and earth, officially beginning at midnight. It is a traditional practice to light fireworks, burn bamboo sticks and firecrackers and to make as much of a din as possible to chase off the evil spirits as encapsulated by "nian" () of which the term "guo nian" () was derived. Many people, especially Buddhists, abstain from meat consumption on the first day because it is believed that this will ensure longevity for them. Some consider lighting fires and using knives to be bad luck on New Year's Day, so all food to be consumed is cooked the days before. On this day, it is considered bad luck to use the broom.
Most importantly, the first day of Chinese New Year is a time to honor one's elders and families visit the oldest and most senior members of their extended families, usually their parents, grandparents and great-grandparents.
For Buddhists, the first day is also the birthday of Maitreya Bodhisattva (better known as the more familiar Budai Luohan), the Buddha-to-be. People also abstain from killing animals.
Some families may invite a lion dance troupe as a symbolic ritual to usher in the Chinese New Year as well as to evict bad spirits from the premises. Members of the family who are married also give red envelopes containing cash known as "lai see" or "angpow", a form of blessings and to suppress the aging and challenges associated with the coming year, to junior members of the family, mostly children and teenagers. Business managers also give bonuses through red packets to employees for good luck, smooth-sailing, good health and wealth.
While fireworks and firecrackers are traditionally very popular, some regions have banned them due to concerns over fire hazards. For this reason, various city governments (e.g., Hong Kong, Beijing, for a number of years) issued bans over fireworks and firecrackers in certain precincts of the city. As a substitute, large-scale fireworks display have been launched by governments in such cities as Hong Kong and Singapore.
Second day.
The second day of the Chinese New Year, known as "beginning of the year" (), was when married daughters visited their birth parents, relatives and close friends. (Traditionally, married daughters didn't have the opportunity to visit their birth families frequently.)
During the days of imperial China, "beggars and other unemployed people circulatefrom family to family, carrying a picture [of the God of Wealth shouting, ""Cai Shen dao"!" God of Wealth has come!." Householders would respond with "lucky money" to reward the messengers. Business people of the Cantonese dialect group will hold a 'Hoi Nin' prayer to start their business on the 2nd day of Chinese New Year so they will be blessed with good luck and prosperity in their business for the year.
As this day is believed to be the birthday of Che Kung, a deity worshipped in Hong Kong, worshippers go to Che Kung Temples to pray for his blessing. A representative from the government asks Che Kung about the city's fortune through kau cim.
Some believe that the second day is also the birthday of all dogs and remember them with special treats.
Third day.
The third day is known as "red mouth" (). "Chikou" is also called "Chigou's Day" (". "Chigou", literally "red dog", is an epithet of "the God of Blazing Wrath" (). Rural villagers continue the tradition of burning paper offerings over trash fires. It is considered an unlucky day to have guests or go visiting. Hakka villagers in rural Hong Kong in the 1960s called it the Day of the Poor Devil and believed everyone should stay at home. This is also considered a propitious day to visit the temple of the God of Wealth and have one's future told.
Fourth day.
In those communities that celebrate Chinese New Year for only two or three days, the fourth day is when corporate "spring dinners" kick off and business returns to normal.
Fifth day.
This day is the God of Wealth's birthday. In northern China, people eat jiaozi, or dumplings, on the morning of "powu" (). In Taiwan, businesses traditionally re-open on the next day (the sixth day), accompanied by firecrackers.
It is also common in China that on the 5th day people will shoot off firecrackers to get Guan Yu's attention, thus ensuring his favor and good fortune for the new year.
Seventh day.
The seventh day, traditionally known as "Renri" (the common person's birthday), is the day when everyone grows one year older. In some overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia, such as Malaysia and Singapore, it is also the day when tossed raw fish salad, yusheng, is eaten for continued wealth and prosperity.
For many Chinese Buddhists, this is another day to avoid meat, the seventh day commemorating the birth of Sakra, lord of the devas in Buddhist cosmology who is analogous to the Jade Emperor.
Eighth day.
Another family dinner is held to celebrate the eve of the birth of the Jade Emperor, the ruler of heaven. People normally return to work by the eighth day.the Store owners will host a lunch/dinner with their employees, thanking their employees for the work they have done for the whole year.
Approaching 12 midnight on this day, Hokkien people prepare for the "Jade Emperor ritual" () during which incense is burnt and food offerings made to the Jade Emperor and also to Zao Jun, the Kitchen God who reports on each family to the Jade Emperor.
Some people will hold a ritual prayer at after midnight on the eighth day. In Malaysia, especially, people light fireworks, often more than on the first day.
This practice of Bai Ti Gong can also be seen in Singapore.
Ninth day.
The ninth day of the New Year is a day for Chinese to offer prayers to the Jade Emperor of Heaven in the Daoist Pantheon. The ninth day is traditionally the birthday of the Jade Emperor. This day, called "Ti Kong Dan", "Tiangong Sheng" () or "Pai Ti Kong" (; Hokkien: "Pài Thiⁿ-kong"), is especially important to Hokkiens, even more important than the first day of the Chinese New Year.
Come midnight of the eighth day of the new year, Hokkiens will offer thanks to the Emperor of Heaven. A prominent requisite offering is sugarcane. Legend holds that the Hokkien were spared from a massacre by Japanese pirates by hiding in a sugarcane plantation during the eighth and ninth days of the Chinese New Year, coinciding with the Jade Emperor's birthday. Since "sugarcane" (; Hokkien: "kam-chià") is a near homonym to "thank you" (; Hokkien: "kám-siā") in the Hokkien dialect, Hokkiens offer sugarcane on the eve of his birthday, symbolic of their gratitude.
In the morning of this birthday, Taiwanese households set up an altar table with 3 layers: one top (containing offertories of six vegetables (), noodles, fruits, cakes, tangyuan, vegetable bowls, and unripe betel, all decorated with paper lanterns) and two lower levels (containing the five sacrifices and wines) to honor the deities below the Jade Emperor. The household then kneels three times and kowtows nine times to pay obeisance and wish him a long life.
Incense, tea, fruit, vegetarian food or roast pig, and gold paper is served as a customary protocol for paying respect to an honored person.
Tenth day.
The Jade Emperor's party is also celebrated on this day.
Thirteenth day.
On the 13th day people will eat pure vegetarian food - in the belief that it will clean out their stomachs - due to consuming too much food over the preceding two weeks.
This day is dedicated to the General Guan Yu, also known as the Chinese God of War. Guan Yu was born in the Han dynasty and is considered the greatest general in Chinese history. He represents loyalty, strength, truth, and justice. According to history, he was tricked by the enemy and was beheaded.
Almost every organization and business in China will pray to Guan Yu on this day. Before his life ended, Guan Yu had won over one hundred battles and that is a goal that all businesses in China want to accomplish. In a way, people look at him as the God of Wealth or the God of Success.
Fifteenth day.
The fifteenth day of the new year is celebrated as ""Yuanxiao" Festival" (), also known as ""Shangyuan" Festival"" () or the Lantern Festival (otherwise known as Chap Goh Mei in Fujian dialect). Rice dumplings "tangyuan" (), a sweet glutinous rice ball brewed in a soup, are eaten this day. Candles are lit outside houses as a way to guide wayward spirits home. This day is celebrated as the Lantern Festival, and families walk the street carrying lighted lanterns.
In Malaysia and Singapore, this day is celebrated by individuals seeking for a romantic partner, akin to Valentine's Day. Normally, single women would write their contact number on mandarin oranges and throw it in a river or a lake while single men would collect them and eat the oranges. The taste is an indication of their possible love: sweet represents a good fate while sour represents a bad fate.
This day often marks the end of the Chinese New Year festivities.
Traditional Food.
A reunion dinner, named as "Nian Ye Fan", is held on New Year's Eve during which family members gather for celebration. The venue will usually be in or near the home of the most senior member of the family. The New Year's Eve dinner is very large and sumptuous and traditionally includes dishes of meat (namely, pork and chicken) and fish. Most reunion dinners also feature a communal hot pot as it is believed to signify the coming together of the family members for the meal. Most reunion dinners (particularly in the Southern regions) also prominently feature specialty meats (e.g. wax-cured meats like duck and Chinese sausage) and seafood (e.g. lobster and abalone) that are usually reserved for this and other special occasions during the remainder of the year. In most areas, fish () is included, but not eaten completely (and the remainder is stored overnight), as the Chinese phrase "may there be "surpluses" every year" () sounds the same as "let there be "fish" every year."
Red packets for the immediate family are sometimes distributed during the reunion dinner. These packets often contain money in certain numbers that reflect good luck and honorability. Several foods are consumed to usher in wealth, happiness, and good fortune. Several of the Chinese food names are homophones for words that also mean good things.
Like many other New Year dishes, certain ingredients also take special precedence over others as these ingredients also has similar sounding names with prosperity, good luck, or even counting money.
Practices.
History.
During Cultural Revolution, State Council of the People's Republic of China announced that public should "Change Customs", have a "revolutionized and fighting Spring Festival", people need to working on preceding days night, they didn't have holidays during Spring Festival day. This was cancelled after Chinese economic reform.
Red envelopes.
Traditionally, Red envelopes or red packets (Cantonese: lai sze or lai see) (利是, 利市 or 利事; Pinyin: lìshì); (Mandarin: 'hóngbāo' (红包); Hokkien: 'ang pow' (POJ: âng-pau); Hakka: 'fung bao'); are passed out during the Chinese New Year's celebrations, from married couples or the elderly to unmarried juniors. It is also common for adults or young couples to give red packets to children.
Red packets are also known as 壓歲錢/压岁钱 (yàsuìqián, which was evolved from 壓祟錢/压祟钱, literally, "the money used to suppress or put down the evil spirit") during this period.
Red packets almost always contain money, usually varying from a couple of dollars to several hundred. Per custom, the amount of money in the red packets should be of even numbers, as odd numbers are associated with cash given during funerals (帛金: báijīn). The number 8 is considered lucky (for its homophone for "wealth"), and $8 is commonly found in the red envelopes in the US. The number six (六, liù) is also very lucky as it sounds like 'smooth' (流, liú), in the sense of having a smooth year. Sometimes chocolate coins are found in the red packets.
Odd and even numbers are determined by the first digit, rather than the last. Thirty and fifty, for example, are odd numbers, and are thus appropriate as funeral cash gifts. However, it is common and quite acceptable to have cash gifts in a red packet using a single bank note – with ten or fifty yuan bills used frequently. It is customary for the bills to be brand new printed money. Everything regarding the New Year has to be new in order to have good luck and fortune.
The act of requesting for red packets is normally called (Mandarin): 讨紅包 tǎo-hóngbāo, 要利是. (Cantonese): 逗利是. A married person would not turn down such a request as it would mean that he or she would be "out of luck" in the new year. Red packets are generally given by established married couples to the younger non-married children of the family. It is custom and polite for children to wish elders a happy new year and a year of happiness, health and good fortune before accepting the red envelope. Red envelopes are then kept under the pillow and slept on for seven days after Chinese New Year before opening because it symbolizes good luck and fortune when you sleep on the red envelopes for seven nights.
In Taiwan in 2000s, sometimes some employers also give red packets as a bonus to maids, nurses or domestic workers from Southeast Asian countries, though whether this is appropriate is controversial.
The Japanese have a similar tradition of giving money during the New Year called Otoshidama.
Gift exchange.
In addition to red envelopes, which are usually given from elder to younger, small gifts (usually of food or sweets) are also exchanged between friends or relatives (of different households) during Chinese New Year. Gifts are usually brought when visiting friends or relatives at their homes. Common gifts include fruits (typically oranges, and never pears), cakes, biscuits, chocolates, candies, or some other small gifts.
Markets.
Markets or village fairs are set up as the New Year is approaching. These usually open-air markets feature new year related products such as flowers, toys, clothing, and even fireworks. It is convenient for people to buy gifts for their new year visits as well as their home decorations. In some places, the practice of shopping for the perfect plum tree is not dissimilar to the Western tradition of buying a Christmas tree.
Hong Kong filmmakers also release "New Year celebration films" (賀歲片), mostly comedies, in this time of the year.
Fireworks.
Bamboo stems filled with gunpowder that were burnt to create small explosions were once used in ancient China to drive away evil spirits. In modern times, this method has eventually evolved into the use of firecrackers during the festive season. Firecrackers are usually strung on a long fused string so it can be hung down. Each firecracker is rolled up in red papers, as red is auspicious, with gunpowder in its core. Once ignited, the firecracker lets out a loud popping noise and, as they are usually strung together by the hundreds, the firecrackers are known for their deafening explosions that are thought to scare away evil spirits. The burning of firecrackers also signifies a joyful time of year and has become an integral aspect of Chinese New Year celebrations.
Firecracker ban.
The use of firecrackers, although a traditional part of celebration, has over the years led to many unfortunate outcomes. There have been reported incidents every year of users of fireworks being blinded, losing body parts, or suffering other grievous injuries, especially during the Chinese New Year season. Hence, many governments and authorities eventually enacted laws completely banning the use of firecrackers privately, primarily because of safety issues.
Music.
""Happy New Year!"" () is a popular children’s song for the New Year holiday. The melody is similar to the American folk song, "Oh My Darling, Clementine".
Clothing.
Clothing mainly featuring the color red or bright colors is commonly worn throughout the Chinese New Year because it was once believed that red could scare away evil spirits and bad fortune. In addition, people typically wear new clothes from head to toe to symbolize a new beginning in the new year. Wearing new clothes also symbolizes having more than enough things to use and wear in the new year. Red is a color of good luck.
Family portrait.
Taking family portrait is an important ceremony after the relatives are gathered. The photo is taken at the hall of the house or taken in front of the house. The most senior male head of the family sits in the center.
Symbolism.
As with all cultures, Chinese New Year traditions incorporate elements that are symbolic of deeper meaning. One common example of Chinese New Year symbolism is the red diamond-shaped "fu characters" (), which are displayed on the entrances of Chinese homes. This sign is usually seen hanging upside down, since the Chinese word "dao" (), is homophonous or nearly homophonous with () in all varieties of Chinese. Therefore, it symbolizes the arrival of luck, happiness, and prosperity.
For the Cantonese-speaking people, if the "fuk" sign is hung upside down, the implied "dao" (upside down) sounds like the Cantonese word for "pour", producing "pour the luck ", which would usually symbolize bad luck; this is why the "fuk" character is not usually hung upside-down in Cantonese communities.
Red is the predominant color used in New Year celebrations. Red is the emblem of joy, and this color also symbolizes virtue, truth and sincerity. On the Chinese opera stage, a painted red face usually denotes a sacred or loyal personage and sometimes a great emperor. Candies, cakes, decorations and many things associated with the New Year and its ceremonies are colored red. The sound of the Chinese word for "red" () is in Mandarin homophonous with the word for "prosperous". Therefore, red is an auspicious color and has an auspicious sound.
Nianhua.
Nianhua can be a form of Chinese colored woodblock printing, for decoration during Chinese New Year.
Flowers.
The following are popular floral decorations for the New Year and are available at new year markets.
Spring travel.
Traditionally, families gather together during the Chinese New Year. In modern China, migrant workers in China travel home to have reunion dinners with their families on Chinese New Year's Eve. Owing to the large number of interprovincial travellers, special arrangements were made by railways, buses and airlines starting from 15 days before the New Year's Day. This 40-day period is called chunyun, and is known as the world's largest annual migration. More interurban trips are taken in mainland China in this period than the total population of China.
In Taiwan, spring travel is also a major event. The majority of transportation in western Taiwan is north-south direction long distance travel between urbanized north and hometowns in rural south. Transportations in eastern Taiwan and that between Taiwan and islands are less convenient. Cross-strait flights between Taiwan and mainland China began in 2003 as part of Three Links, mostly for "Taiwanese businessmen" to return to Taiwan for the new year.
Festivities outside China.
California.
The San Francisco Chinese New Year Festival and Parade is the oldest and largest event of its kind outside of Asia, and the largest Asian cultural event in North America.
The festival incorporates Grant and Kearny Streets into its street festival and parade route, respectively. The use of these streets traces its lineage back to early parades beginning the custom in San Francisco.
In 1849, with the discovery of gold and the ensuing California Gold Rush, over 50,000 people had come to San Francisco to seek their fortune or just a better way of life. Among those were many Chinese, who had come to work in the gold mines and on the railroad. By the 1860s, the residents of San Francisco's Chinatown were eager to share their culture with their fellow San Francisco residents who may have been unfamiliar with (or hostile towards) it. The organizers chose to showcase their culture by using a favorite American tradition – the parade. They invited a variety of other groups from the city to participate, and they marched down what today are Grant Avenue and Kearny Street carrying colorful flags, banners, lanterns, drums and firecrackers to drive away evil spirits.
Southeast Asia.
In some countries of Southeast Asia, Chinese New Year is a national public holiday and considered to be one of the most important holidays of the year. The biggest celebrations take place in Malaysia (notably in Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Klang) and Singapore.
Chinese New Year in Singapore is accompanied by various festive activities. One of the main highlights is the Chinatown celebrations. In 2010, this included a Festive Street Bazaar, nightly staged shows at Kreta Ayer Square and a lion dance competition. The Chingay Parade also features prominently in the celebrations. It is an annual street parade in Singapore, well known for its colorful floats and wide variety of cultural performances. The highlights of the Parade for 2011 include a Fire Party, multi-ethnic performances and an unprecedented travelling dance competition.
Chinese New Year is considered to be the most important festival for Filipino-Chinese in the Philippines, and its celebration has also extended to the non-Chinese majority Filipinos. In 2012, Chinese New Year (official Filipino name: "Kung Hei Fat Choi") was included in the calendar of holidays as a special, non-working holiday, to be observed nationwide.
Chinese New Year, officially named "Tahun Baru Imlek", has also been celebrated by Chinese-Indonesians since 1999 after President Suharto stepped down. It was declared a public holiday in 2003.
Other parts of the world.
Chinese New Year is also celebrated annually in many western cities with significant Chinese populations. Among the cities with such parades are San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, Boston, Wellington, Toronto, and Vancouver. However, even smaller cities that are historically connected to Chinese immigration, such as Butte, Montana, have recently hosted parades. Both London and San Francisco claim to host the largest New Year celebration outside of Asia. In San Francisco, over 100 units participates to the Chinese New Year Parade held since 1958 which is attended by some 500,000 people along with another 3 million TV viewers In London, the celebrations which take place throughout Chinatown, Leicester Square and mainly with concerts and performances on Trafalgar Square attract 300,000 people and 500,000 for the entire festival according to the organisers.
With one of the largest Chinese populations outside of Asia, Sydney also claims to have the largest Chinese New Year Celebrations outside of Asia with over 600,000 people attending the celebrations in Chinatown annually. The events there span over three weeks including the launch celebration, outdoor markets, evening street food stalls, Chinese top opera performances, dragon boat races, a film festival and multiple parades that incorporate Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Vietnamese performers. More than 100,000 people attend notably the main parade with over 3,500 performers. The festival also attracts international media coverage, reaching millions of viewers in Asia. The festival in Sydney is organized in partnership with a different Chinese province each year.
In Paris, the celebrations are held since the 1980s in several districts during one month with many performances and the main of the three parades with 40 groups and 4,000 performers is attended alone by more than 200,000 people in the 13th arrondissement.
In Mauritius, home to a long standing Chinese population, Chinese New Year is one of the public holidays and festivals although Mauritians of Chinese origin represents only 3% of the population.
Many celebrate the festival in Chinatown, Kolkata, India where a significant community of people of Chinese origin exists. In Kolkata Chinese New Year is celebrated with lion and dragon dance.
In Pakistan, the Chinese New Year is also celebrated among the sizable Chinese expatriate community that lives in the country. During the festival, the Chinese embassy in Islamabad arranges various cultural events in which Pakistani arts and cultural organisations and members of the civil society also participate.
In Sabah, Malaysia, the Dusun Tatana in Kuala Penyu also celebrate Chinese New Year. Their Chinese New Year mixed with traditional customs of the native.
Greetings.
The Chinese New Year is often accompanied by loud, enthusiastic greetings, often referred to as 吉祥話 ("jíxiánghùa") in Mandarin or 吉利說話 (Kat Lei Seut Wa) in Cantonese, loosely translated as "auspicious words or phrases". New Year couplets, printed in gold letters on bright red paper, are another way of expressing auspicious new year wishes. They probably predate the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644), but did not become widespread until then. Today, they are ubiquitous with Chinese New Year.
Some of the most common greetings include:
Numerous other greetings exist, some of which may be exclaimed out loud to no one in particular in specific situations. For example, as breaking objects during the new year is considered inauspicious, one may then say 歲歲平安 ("Suìsuì-píng'ān") immediately, which means "everlasting peace year after year". "Suì" (歲), meaning "age" is homophonous with 碎 (suì) (meaning "shatter"), in demonstration of the Chinese love for wordplay in auspicious phrases. Similarly, 年年有餘 ("niánnián yǒu yú"), a wish for surpluses and bountiful harvests every year, plays on the word "yú" that can also refer to 魚 (yú meaning fish), making it a catch phrase for fish-based Chinese new year dishes and for paintings or graphics of fish that are hung on walls or presented as gifts.
The most common auspicious greetings and sayings consist of four characters, such as the following:
These greetings or phrases may also be used just before children receive their red packets, when gifts are exchanged, when visiting temples, or even when tossing the shredded ingredients of yusheng particularly popular in Malaysia and Singapore. Children and their parents can also pray in the temple, in hopes of getting good blessings for the new year to come.
Children and teenagers sometimes jokingly use the phrase 恭喜發財,紅包拿來 (in Traditional Chinese; Simplified Chinese: 恭喜发财，红包拿来; Pinyin: gōngxǐfācái, hóngbāo nálái; Cantonese: 恭喜發財,利是逗來; English: usually written as Gong Hei Fat Choi or Kung Hei Fat Choy) roughly translated as "Congratulations and be prosperous, now give me a red envelope!". In the Hakka dialect the saying is more commonly said as 'Gung hee fatt choi, fung bao diu loi' which would be written as 恭喜發財,紅包逗來 – a mixture of the Cantonese and Mandarin variants of the saying.
Back in the 1960s, children in Hong Kong used to say 恭喜發財,利是逗來,斗零唔愛 (Cantonese, Gung Hei Fat Choy, Lai Si Tau Loi, Tau Ling M Ngoi), which was recorded in the pop song Kowloon Hong Kong by Reynettes in 1966. Later in the 1970s, children in Hong Kong used the saying: 恭喜發財,利是逗來,伍毫嫌少,壹蚊唔愛 (Cantonese), roughly translated as, "Congratulations and be prosperous, now give me a red envelope, fifty cents is too little, don't want a dollar either." It basically meant that they disliked small change – coins which were called "hard substance" (Cantonese: 硬嘢). Instead, they wanted "soft substance" (Cantonese: 軟嘢), which was either a ten dollar or a twenty dollar note.

</doc>
<doc id="19682758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682758" title="Schapendoes">
Schapendoes

The Schapendoes () or Dutch Sheepdog, is a breed of dog originating in the Netherlands. The Schapendoes was originally a herding dog and general farm dog, but today also participates in dog sports such as agility and flyball.
History.
The Schapendoes descends from a general type of farm and herding dog popular in the Drenthe province of the Netherlands, and the Veluwe, an area of forests and swampland. The dogs there had many names, and were not a specific breed as we use the term today. They were the local working dog, adapted to the people, environment, and types of work needed. They were exhibited in early dog shows (in the 1870s) as "Domestic herding dog".
The dogs became nearly extinct during World War II, and the modern day breed descends from the few survivors. The Dutch "Raad van Beheer" (national kennel club) first recognised the breed in 1952, and the first standard was written in 1954. Related breeds are the Bearded Collie, the Puli, the Owczarek Nizinny, the Old English Sheepdog, the Briard, the Bergamasco Shepherd Dog (Cane da pastore Bergamasco) and the Old German Sheepdog (Schafspudel), all of which are small versions of the "mountain type" herding and livestock guardian dogs.
The breed was recognised by the Fédération Cynologique Internationale in 1971, as breed number 313 in Group 1, Section 1: Sheepdogs. Exported to the North America, the breed is recognised by the Canadian Kennel Club (as Dutch Sheepdog) and the United Kennel Club (USA) in their respective Herding Groups. The American Kennel Club has listed the Schapendoes as part of its Foundation Stock Service, the first step in breed recognition. In addition it is recognised by numerous minor kennel clubs and internet-based dog registry businesses.
Appearance.
The Schapendoes is a medium sized dog with long, thick fur on the body, legs, tail, and face. Small ears hang down, covered with long fur. The face has a moustache and beard. The coat is of any colour.
Height is up to 50 cm (19.7 in) at the withers and 12–20 kg (26–44 lb), up to 25 kg (55 lb) for males, in weight.
Temperament.
The breed standard describes the Schapendoes as friendly, high spirited, and affectionate. He is not a guard dog or aggressively protective, and if properly socialised while young, would most likely make a good family dog, as well as a good dog for active sports. Lively and intelligent dogs must receive regular training and outings. Temperament of individual dogs may vary.
The Schapendoes is furthermore very independent and cooperate with its trainer rather than obey orders.
Health.
Health problems or claims of exceptional health have not been documented for this breed. Before acquiring a puppy, make sure that sire and dame have all health clearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19682760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682760" title="Marcus Buggs">
Marcus Buggs

Marcus Leon Buggs (born September 21, 1985) is an American football linebacker. He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Vanderbilt.

</doc>
<doc id="19682763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682763" title="Can't Deny It">
Can't Deny It

"Can't Deny It" is the debut single by American rapper Fabolous from his debut studio album "Ghetto Fabolous". It features Nate Dogg and uncredited backing vocals by Lil' Mo. The song was produced by Rick Rock. Its chorus contains similar lyrics to the chorus of 2Pac's "Ambitionz Az A Ridah".

</doc>
<doc id="19682764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682764" title="Chris Jones (footballer born 1956)">
Chris Jones (footballer born 1956)

Chris Jones (born 18 April 1956 in Jersey) is a former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Manchester City, Crystal Palace, Charlton Athletic, Leyton Orient and represented the England Under 21 national team on one occasion.
Football career.
Jones joined the Spurs as an apprentice in May 1973. The forward played a total of 185 matches including 19 substitute appearances and scoring 42 goals in all competitions. Jones has the distinction of being a member of the 1977 relegated and the 1978 promoted teams during his career at the club. He joined Manchester City in September 1982 in a £110.000 transfer deal. Jones featured in just three games before leaving Maine Road to join Crystal Palace in the November of the same year. Jones played in 18 matches and netted three times for the club. He transferred to Charlton Athletic in September 1983 where he turned out on 23 occasions with six as sub and finding the net twice. Jones ended his senior career at Leyton Orient where he went on to play in 107 matches including one as sub and scoring 19 goals between September 1984–86.
After football.
Today, Jones is working in Schools football development in Broadstairs, Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="19682765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682765" title="Coast Salish defensive sites">
Coast Salish defensive sites

The Coast Salish Defensive Sites are rock wall features constructed by Coast Salish peoples that have been excavated by Kisha Supernant in 2008 near the Fraser River Canyon, Yale, British Columbia. The functions of these features may have included defense, fishing platforms, and creation of house terraces. House pits and stone tools have been found in association with certain sites. Methods used include use of a total station for mapping the sites as well as the creation of simple test pits to probe for stratigraphy and artifacts.

</doc>
<doc id="19682767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682767" title="Effie Neal Jones">
Effie Neal Jones

Effie Neal Jones, (November 15, 1919 - April 30, 2002) was an civil rights activist, Food Services Provider and Counselor for the Four County Head Start Program in Laurinburg, North Carolina. In 1940 Mrs. Jones married Mr. Forest Jones, she was the daughter of Colonel and Bertha Bouldin, of Maxton, North Carolina.
Biography.
Early life and Education.
Mrs. Jones, born in Fairmont, North Carolina, received her education from the Public Schools of Robeson County, North Carolina. A self-made woman, she had very little formal school training. At age 14, she assumed all the motherly duties for her 11 siblings, after their mother's death. Effie and her siblings worked alongside their father as sharecroppers In 1946 Mrs. Jones, like many other blacks of the time period, was a member of the Great Migration (African American). During the Great Migration of 1916-1930, over one million blacks moved from the south to the north in search of better lives. It is conservatively estimated that 400,000 left the South during the two-year period of 1916-1918 to take advantage of a labor shortage created in the wake of the First World War. Mrs. Jones migrated north to escape racial discrimination, and poverty. She sought employment opportunities and became a source of income for her sharecropper parents and her children. Reluctantly, she commuted between North Carolina and New Jersey to ensure a better life for her family.
Mrs. Jones migrated north to Newark, New Jersey in 1952 and took a job as a live-in housekeeper for a very prominent, liberal doctor. While living in Newark, Mrs. Jones was very active in the American Civil Rights Movement (1955–1968) she joined the National Council of Negro Women (NCNW), the Order of the Eastern Star and the United Order of Tents, she helped register black voters and build community organizations that could win a share of political power in the state. In 1964, due to the terminal illness of her father, she took her northern learned wisdom back to the south, to her home state of North Carolina, where she joined a well-known statewide civil rights and political activist, Dr (Rev) H. E. Edwards, a member of Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC), in organizing black community events such as political fund raisers and voter registration drives. Their efforts were met with racist repression from state and local lawmen, White Citizens' Councils, and Ku Klux Klan (KKK) resulting in family harassment, threats, arson and other criminal acts. It was during this time (1968) that she, along with Dr Edwards and others, begin what would be her lifelong endeavor of helping young children.
Career.
Mrs. Jones was one of the founding members of the Maxton Four County Community Services, Head Start Program in 1968. Head Start is a program of the United States Department of Health and Human Services that provides comprehensive education, health, nutrition, and parent involvement services to low-income children and their families. Created in 1965 by the Head Start Act, Head Start is the longest-running program to address systemic poverty in the United States. As of late 2005, more than 22 million pre-school aged children have participated in Head Start. She held several positions for the organization such as Food Services Director and Counselor for the Head Start Program; serving the Maxton, North Carolina area, Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church, as well as other local communities. She completely devoted herself to the betterment of the community through the development of each and every child. She championed the rights of women, children, and families regardless of ethnicity, gender, age, or religion. Through that organization she has spearheaded education and mentoring programs. She believed that the culture of poverty and the cycle of poverty could be overcome through education. After her retirement in 1988, she often said that her greatest joy came from seeing her students become successful adults and positive contributors to society.
Marriage and Children.
In 1940 Mrs. Jones married Mr. Forest Jones, a decorated US Army World War II veteran and Master Mechanic, she was the mother to nine children, daughter: Rosemary and sons: Roger, Carlton, Perry, Willie, Colonel, George, Patrick, and Michael. Her offspring produced 29 grandchildren, and 37 great grandchildren at the time of her death.
Death.
Effie Neal Jones died on April 30, 2002 at Moore Regional Hospital, Pinehurst, North Carolina of Heart Failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19682775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682775" title="Movin' with Nancy">
Movin' with Nancy

"Movin' with Nancy" was a television special featuring Nancy Sinatra in a series of musical vignettes featuring herself and other artists. Produced by Nancy's production company, Boots Enterprises, Inc., and sponsored by Royal Crown Cola, the show was originally broadcast on the NBC television network on December 11, 1967 (8:00-9:00 p.m. Eastern). It produced a companion soundtrack album, and was later released on DVD.
Summary.
The TV special was unlike most musical programs of its time, with the numbers performed outdoors on locations instead of the usual stage-bound production filmed before a live audience. Sinatra sang while driving down the highway, strolling in the California countryside, and aloft in a hot-air balloon. She performed duets with the guest stars she encountered along the way, with no introductions or interstitial dialog. The general effect was of a dream-like fantasy that flows from one location to the next, with segments resembling the later format of music videos.
The program included an on-screen interracial kiss, predating the most well-known "scripted" interracial kiss on U.S. television by several months (in an episode of ";" other scripted kisses have been on U.S. shows previously such as: "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer" in the 1959 episode, "Siamese Twinge;" "" in the 1966 episode "Elena;" The Man from U.N.C.L.E. in the 1966 episode, "The Her Majesty's Voice Affair," and on "I Spy" in the 1966 episode, "The Tiger"). It took place at the end of a song-and-dance number by Sinatra and Sammy Davis Jr., with him kissing her affectionately on the cheek. Sinatra states in the commentary track on the DVD release that the seemingly spontaneous kiss was carefully planned, and deliberately done at the end of filming, when Davis had to leave for another job and could not shoot a retake.
The production.
"Movin"' was produced and directed by Jack Haley, Jr., with Nancy billed as executive producer as well as star, and featured guest appearances by her father, Frank Sinatra, her "fairy God-Uncle" (Dean Martin), who does a solo song and a duet with Nancy, Lee Hazlewood (who wrote most of her hit songs), dancer David Winters (who was also nominated for a special Emmy for his choreography), and Sammy Davis Jr. RC Cola sponsored the show and created five lavish commercials — in two of them, Sinatra danced and sang the RC jingle ("It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Cola!"). Art Linkletter served as the narrator for two of the commercials that opened and closed the program. Jack Haley Jr. won his first of two Emmy Awards for directing.
Sequels.
Two other "Movin' with Nancy" specials followed after the original was such a success. "Movin' with Nancy on Stage" aired in 1971 and was presented by "The Ed Sullivan Show." It featured the Osmond Brothers, among others, as guests. "Movin' with Nancy Nice 'n' Easy" was produced in 1973 and featured The Muppets. Although Nancy hoped to release the two other specials on DVD, as of 2009, no plans have been made.
DVD release.
The special was released on DVD by Image Entertainment on May 2, 2000. It features a commentary track by Director Jack Haley Jr. and Nancy Sinatra. Sinatra reminisces about the outfits she was wearing in the show, and regrets not including her signature song, "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'", as part of the production. At the time, she states she wanted to showcase her other songs instead. Sinatra also mentions that the RC Cola commercials were designed to be an integral part of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="19682784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682784" title="Bruce Hall (American football)">
Bruce Hall (American football)

Bruce Tarahn Christopher Hall (born March 18, 1985 in Milton, Florida) is an American football running back who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Mississippi.
He has also been a member of the Denver Broncos.
Professional career.
Buffalo Bills.
Hall was promoted from the Buffalo Bills' practice squad to the active roster on December 27, 2008. He was tendered on February 27, 2009. He was waived on September 5 during final roster cuts. He was re-signed to the practice squad on September 6. His practice squad contract expired at the end of the 2009 season.
Denver Broncos.
Hall was signed by the Denver Broncos on February 8, 2010. Hall spent the 2010 season on the Broncos practice squad, but was not resigned following the season.
Second stint with Bills.
On August 5, 2011, Hall re-signed with the Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="19682791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682791" title="Nerf N-Strike">
Nerf N-Strike

Nerf N-Strike is a video game developed by EA Salt Lake and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii. The game is a rail shooter and focuses on the NERF line of toy dart blasters. It has an optional unique blaster for gameplay called the Nerf Switch Shot EX-3, that can either be used as a real Nerf blaster, or to play the video game. The game uses various blasters created in real life and some are created for the game that may come out as new blasters from Nerf.
A sequel to this game was released called "Nerf N-Strike Elite". The game comes with a red reveal accessory. Both games were compiled in the 2010 release "Nerf N-Strike Double Blast Bundle".

</doc>
<doc id="19682792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682792" title="Nikolay Brusentsov">
Nikolay Brusentsov

Nikolay Brusentsov, born February 7, 1925 in Kamenskoe (Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian computer scientist, most famous for having built a (balanced) ternary computer, Setun, together with Sergei Sobolev in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19682799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682799" title="Rettamalai Srinivasan">
Rettamalai Srinivasan

Diwan Bahadur R. Srinivasan (1860–1945), also known as Rettamalai Srinivasan () was a Dalit activist, politician and freedom fighter from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He is a Dalit icon and Mahatma Gandhi’s close associate, remembered today as one of the pioneers of the Dalit movement in India.
Early life.
Rettamalai Srinivasan was born in 1860 in a poor Dalit (Paraiyar) family in Madras Presidency. He was a brother-in-law of the famous Dalit activist Iyothee Thass. He worked as a translator in a South African court when Gandhi was practicing there as an advocate; he was instrumental in the father of the nation putting his signature in Tamil as ‘Mo.Ka. Gandhi’ (Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi in Tamil). 
Srinivasan established and led the "Paraiyar Mahajana Sabha" in 1891 which later became the "Adi-Dravida Mahajana Sabha". He founded a Tamil newspaper called "Paraiyan" in October 1893 which started selling as a monthly with four pages for the price of four annas. However, "Paraiyan" experienced great difficulties in its early days. 
Srinivasan was a participant in the freedom movement and an arrest warrant was issued against him claiming that he was fleeing the nation. In 1896, a case was filed against the newspaper and Srinivasan was dragged to the court citing a letter to the editor. The editor Srinivasan was fined Rs. 100 for his writings.
Round Table Conference.
Rettamalai Srinivasan represented the Dalits in the first two round table conferences happened in London(In 1930,1931) along with Dalit leader Dr. B. R. Ambedkar. In 1932, Ambedkar, M. C. Rajah and Rettamalai Srinivasan joined the board of the Servants of Untouchables Society established by Mahatma Gandhi. However, shortly afterwards, the three of them withdrew from the Board. In 1939, with Ambedkar's support, he established the Madras Province Scheduled Castes' Federation.
Memorials.
Commemorative stamps have been issued in memory of Rettamalai Srinivasan by the Department of Posts of the Government of India. Cadres of the Viduthalai Siruthaigal party claimed to have discovered the remains of the Dalit leader in Otteri and constructed a memorial over his mortal remains and named it "Urimai Kalam". On 6 July 2011, Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa had directed that his birth anniversary on 7 July be observed as a government function and ministers to honour him by garlanding his statue located inside Gandhi Mandapam, Chennai. Chief Minister Jayalailthaa has given a direction to this effect, according to an official release stated, The birth anniversary of Dalit leader Rettamalai Srinivasan (1859-1945) will be observed every year on 7 July by the State government.
His grandson B. Parameswaran became a minister in the Government of Tamil Nadu and a member of the Indian parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19682803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682803" title="Ninety-Nine Nights II">
Ninety-Nine Nights II

N3II: Ninety-Nine Nights, (or Ninety-Nine Nights II) is a role-playing video game with hack and slash game mechanics set in a high fantasy game universe, based around the concept of a rising demon army with one million troops. It is a sequel to the video game "Ninety-Nine Nights".
The game was announced a the TGS 2008 conference - a demo for the game was released on the Xbox Live marketplace on May 27, 2010, and the game release between June and September in North America, Japan, and European regions.
Gameplay.
There are multiple story modes; the main story of the game focuses on the character Galen. Combat is hack and slash with similarities to Koei's Dynasty and Samurai warriors series.
In addition to a single player mode there are co-op modes, online modes.
Development.
The game was officially unveiled at Microsoft Game Studios's TGS 2008 press conference, exclusively for Xbox 360.
Developed by feelplus, the game's art style is noticeably darker than its predecessor.
At the Konami E3 (2010) press conference, the lead producer of the series, Tak Fujii noted that the sequel has been vastly improved technically, allowing millions of troops to be present on screen in one shot. Some of the main changes the sequel introduces include an online co-op mode, leaderboards and brand new difficulty levels which make the game even harder.
After the press conference Tak Fujii was also interviewed by G4TV and GameSpot.
Reception.
The game received poor reviews, with a Metacritic score of 45 out of 100 based on 43 reviews. Both IGN and Gamespot reviews criticised the gameplay, plot, as well as poor lip-syncing, noting an absence of challenge in core gameplay as well as frustrating boss fights.

</doc>
<doc id="19682814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682814" title="Mayo Gardens">
Mayo Gardens

Pakistan Railways Mayo Gardens Colony is a century old residential colony for officials of Pakistan Railways residing in Lahore. It was built during the British Rule primarily for families of the British officers serving at high ranking positions in British-India Railways. The plan was laid to build around 70 to 80 residential houses or villas with beautiful gardens, terraces, pavements for horse chariots and servant quarters for the cooks, drivers, gardeners and security personal of the elite officials. This residential area is the most beautiful residential area of Lahore and is a very secure area with barricades on both entrances and regular police patrols. General public & public transport are not allowed to go in. Officers of Grade 19 or above are entitled for allocation of homes and this makes procuring homes very difficult.
The area is one of the most beautiful residential locations of the City and officers of Grade-19 or above are entitled for allocation of homes. As per rules, an officer can live in his/her allotted house for a year after retirement and in case of death during service, his or her family can stay into house for three year
Location.
Mayo Gardens is located between Davis Road (old Sunder Das Road) and Allama Iqbal Road east of the old city of Lahore. The colony has two entrances with one facing the northern entrance of Aitchison College on Davis Road while the other opening on Allama Iqbal Road. Spreading over the foundations of this community were laid besides the Main Canal that ran through the eastern end of the city near Zaman Park. This canal provided the water supply to the extensive vegetation that was a hallmark of the colony. A well coordinated irrigation system was built running from the canal into the colony whose remnants can still be seen today.

</doc>
<doc id="19682818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682818" title="Eddie Gorodetsky">
Eddie Gorodetsky

Eddie Gorodetsky is a television writer and producer. His credits include "Desert Bus", "Two and a Half Men", "Dharma & Greg", "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air", "Mike & Molly", "Saturday Night Live", "SCTV Network 90", and "Late Night with David Letterman". He has been nominated for six Emmy Awards, winning one.
He has made Christmas compilations for over 20 years which he sends to friends and family which feature rare and obscure songs from a variety of genres. He released one commercially "Christmas Party with Eddie G" in the early 1990s.
He also produced Bob Dylan's weekly radio series, "Theme Time Radio Hour", and appeared in Paul Provenza and Penn Jillette's documentary "The Aristocrats".

</doc>
<doc id="19682826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682826" title="Bounty (poker)">
Bounty (poker)

A bounty is a feature in some poker tournaments that rewards a player for eliminating another player. Depending on the tournament, a player might be rewarded for eliminating either a specific player, or any player. The reward is almost always a cash prize, and not tournament currency. Bounties are rare but do occur occasionally in professional tournaments. They are more commonly only implemented in smaller tournaments, or charitable tournaments.
In bounty tournaments that reward a player for every player they eliminate, the buy-in structure of the tournament may require each player to pay an additional amount for their own bounty chip, or token. This bounty chip is carried by the player throughout the tournament. If the player is eliminated, the bounty chip is given to the player who eliminated them. The bounty chips are cashed in, usually for the amount each player paid for the bounty chip. The winner can usually cash in their own chip. Some online tournaments use a more complicated schedule, whereby a player's own bounty increases with every elimination he makes.
Some bounty tournaments assign a bounty to only a few players. This assignment is rarely random, and is usually only prearranged with the bountied players, as such an assignment to a random entrant would significantly affect their game. Some tournaments may feature a celebrity bounty, if the tournament hosts have arranged for a celebrity to play in the tournament. This type of bounty arrangement is usually only the celebrity bounty variety, or if the bountied player is playing for reasons of promoting the tournament.
The aspect of having a bounty in a tournament can significantly affect the play of the tournament. For example, if a player with a lower amount of chips declares that they are all-in, other players may be more enticed to call the bet. Most professional poker players would alter their normal playing style to adapt to this aspect if they were to enter a bounty tournament.
You must have at least the same amount of chips as the bounty holder (in other words, have them "covered") to take their bounty, as it's the player who takes the last chips from a player that is awarded the Bounty. This may not be the overall hand winner; the bounty is awarded to the player who wins the ‘relevant pot’ for the hand in question, which may be the main pot or one of several side pots. ‘Relevant pot’ means the pot in which the bounty player was all-in for their final chips.
For example:
Daniel (100 chips), Barry (200 chips), Vicky (400 chips), and Julian (1000 chips), are playing a hand in a No-Limit tournament.
Daniel moves all-in, and Barry, Vicky and Julian call. The pot which Daniel is eligible for is known as the ‘main pot’. Betting continues ‘on the side’, in side pot 1.
Barry moves all-in, and Vicky and Julian call. Betting continues between Vicky and Julian in side pot 2.
Vicky moves all-in, and Julian calls.
Barry shows the best hand. He wins side pot 1 and the main pot, eliminating Daniel. He receives the bounty for Daniel.
Julian shows the next best hand, and wins side pot 2, eliminating Vicky. Julian wins the bounty for Vicky.
Note that although Barry had the best hand overall, he didn’t have as many chips as Vicky and therefore could not eliminate her. Julian however did have enough chips, and therefore wins Vicky’s bounty

</doc>
<doc id="19682843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682843" title="Mount Pandim">
Mount Pandim

Mount Pandim is a Himalayan mountain located in Sikkim, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19682876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682876" title="2008 Holland Series">
2008 Holland Series

The 2008 Holland Series involved the defending champions Corendon Kinheim being defeated by the Amsterdam Pirates in three straight games. The first two games were postponed due to heavy rainfall. It was the first championship for the Pirates since 1990, their second since the start of the Holland series, and their third title overall.
Games.
4 October 2008 – Kinheim at Amsterdam 3–4
7 October 2008 – Amsterdam at Haarlem 6–3
8 October 2008 – Amsterdam at Haarlem 12–0

</doc>
<doc id="19682881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682881" title="Cheesy (video game)">
Cheesy (video game)

Cheesy is a platform game published by Ocean Software and developed by CTA Developments for the PlayStation. It was released in Europe on November, 1996 and in Japan on July 24, 1997. 
Cheesy is a third-person, 3D platform game that stars a mouse named Cheesy who has been captured by a mad scientist for his genetic experiments. However, aliens attack the castle and in the commotion Cheesy escapes.
Plot.
The central character in this game is a mouse called Cheesy, who is trapped inside Dr Chem's castle where he must walk the treadmill to provide power for the mad scientist's genetic experiments.
However, aliens attack the castle and in the commotion Cheesy escapes. Cheesy has to navigate through 24 levels and fight mutated creatures, huge spiders, balance a minecart through derelict tracks and escape flames inside a burning chimney.
Gameplay.
Cheesy contains 24 levels including a range of minigames such as “mine cart chases”. The game features a number of viewpoints that include 2D parallax, isometric 3D, top down 3D and a first person perspective playing angle.
Each level is accessed from a central chamber that has various doors and openings that lead to different sections of the castle. The chimney will lead to the castle's roof while the drains will take Cheesy into piranha-infested sewers.
The gameplay is similar to that of "" and involves an element of puzzle solving, timed jumps over flaming pits, bouncing off enemies to land on previously unreachable platforms and a fair bit of gun-toting.

</doc>
<doc id="19682889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682889" title="Zoran Kostić">
Zoran Kostić

Zoran Kostić may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19682901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682901" title="Epiphone Coronet">
Epiphone Coronet

The Epiphone Coronet is an entry level guitar previously manufactured by Epiphone. The guitar has been manufactured a number of times since its first production on the 1950s. It is not currently being manufactured.
History.
The Coronet was first manufactured by Epiphone under the Gibson brand in 1959. It was priced at approximately $120, and was seen as a reliable entry level guitar.
Originally the Coronet came with a single Epiphone New York pickup in the treble position. In 1959 Epiphone began shipping new Coronets with a P-90 pickup and began offering the Coronet with its signature cherry red finish.
Some Coronets manufactured in 1964 were made under the Dwight brand. Dwight was a house brand used by Epiphone for Sonny Shields Music in East Saint Louis (Illinois), which was owned by Charles “Dwight” Shields. These Dwight-brand Coronets featured a "D" on the pickguard and the "Dwight" logo on the peghead.
In the 1970s, production of the Coronet came to a halt when Epiphone left its facilities in Kalamazoo, Michigan, to move overseas.
There was a short run of Coronets in the late 1990s, which were made in Korea. These featured OBL model pickups, a single coil in the neck position and a humbucker in the bridge position, with a pull-out tone knob to tap the humbucker. As was the case with the original Coronet, the hardware and style of the Coronet varied through this short run. Some had six-on-a-side batwing-shaped headstocks, while others had more classic 3-on-a-side Gibson-style headstocks. The short-lived USA Coronet of 1990 had a similar pickup layout and matching electronics except for the addition of a two-octave rosewood fingerboard with rectangular block markers and a reverse droopy Explorer-style headstock. The USA Coronets came with the choice of gold hardware with stop tailpiece or black hardware with licensed Floyd Rose locking tremolo.

</doc>
<doc id="19682917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682917" title="Bagdad Airport">
Bagdad Airport

Bagdad Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Bagdad, in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Bagdad Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 4,183 feet (1,275 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 5/23 with a 4,575 by 60 ft (1,394 x 18 m) asphalt surface. For the 12-month period ending May 3, 2007, the airport had 1,000 aircraft operations, an average of 83 per month, all of which were general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19682919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19682919" title="The Arrival (EP)">
The Arrival (EP)

The Arrival is the debut EP by Bliss n Eso, under the group's original name 'Bliss n Esoterikizm'. Bliss n Esoterikizm proved to be too much of a mouthful for most people so it was shortened.
The EP was produced by DJ Tokoloshe and features Nick Toth (scratches/turntablism) on "Next Shit" and MC Layla (vocals) on "Dreams".

</doc>
<doc id="19683000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683000" title="Utva Lasta">
Utva Lasta

The Lasta 95 is a light military trainer aircraft produced by UTVA. It is a tandem two-seater low-wing trainer with a metal airframe. The aircraft is capable of basic training functions including aerobatics, instrument and tactical flying. The first prototype flew on 2 September 1985. "Lasta" in Serbian is the swallow.
Design and development.
The Lasta was originally developed to be a replacement of the Utva 75, which had been the most commonly used trainer aircraft of the Yugoslav Air Force up until 1991. The first prototype "Lasta 1" was completed by the spring of 1985. And, following completion of the initial testing phase, the first flight was achieved on September 2, 1985. In January 1989, was issued a modified version – "Lasta 2", a lighter, with shorter fuselage and a new electronics system including fire control Ferranti ISIS D-282. By early 1990s Utva, and her partner, have produced enough parts for the completion of 10 pre-production airframes. During the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, all 5 existing prototypes were destroyed during the bombing of UTVA (a sixth prototype survived with damage and was donated to the Aviation Museum at Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport).
In 2006 development of the Lasta was restarted. The new version was known as the Lasta 95. In 2009 it was announced that Iraq will purchase 20 of these trainer aircraft.
With its specifications and updated avionics, the aircraft will ensure full pilot training for all elements of airplane application including:
Future improvements and developments.
It is possible to install ejection seats but with higher cost of the plane. It is also possible that new containers with armaments and sensors would be developed for Lasta 95.
Versions.
There is a 3 factory version of Lasta 95.
Lasta 95N.
This light piston-propeller training aircraft is primarily intended for initial and basic training of military pilots. With in-line tandem seating, the trainer was developed in accordance with the FAR (JAR) 23 regulations for acrobatic category of airplanes and it provides an easy transition to Kobac and then to jet at higher training levels. The LASTA is equipped with a six-cylinder 224 kW (300 HP) engine of the opposed-cylinder type, and a double metal propeller Hartzell HC-C2YR-4CF/FC 8475-6, which provide maximum flight velocity (at an altitude of 3000m and a take off weight of 1085 kg) of 345 km/h. The empty weight is 888 kg, and the maximum take off weight is 1210 kg. The total aircraft length is 7.97m. The trapezoidal wings have a wingspan of 9.7 m and a surface of 12.9 m². The altitude barrier of flight is 6000 m. This propeller-driven low-wing aircraft has a tricycle retractable
landing gear. Onboard GPS and Instrument Landing System (ILS) support the operations during CAT-II weather conditions. The aircraft is equipped with Mode S transponder for flight identification.Besides for training purposes, it can be used for combat fire training, rocket firing and bombing. The armed version of the LASTA 95 can be equipped with 7.62 mm or 12.7 mm machine guns, 57 mm rocket launchers or bombs weighing up to 100 kg.
Lasta 95V-54.
Lasta 95V-54 designation is for Serbian Air Force and Air Defence. Differences between Lasta 95N and Lats 95V-54 are in following:
Lasta 95P-2.
It is a same version like Lasta 95V-54 designated for export customers with possibility of slight differences at customer request.
Operators.
Possible Operators.
Several countries are rumored to have expressed interest in acquiring Lasta trainer aircraft:
Operational history.
In December 2007, Iraq made an order for 36 (20 firm with an option for 16 units) Lasta 95 aircraft. The first Lasta 95s were transferred to Iraq on August 5, 2010. Last of the 20 ordered Lasta 95 aircraft arrived in February 2012.
By March 2012, two of 15 ordered Lasta 95 aircraft began service with the Serbian Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="19683012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683012" title="CEDU">
CEDU

CEDU Educational Services, Inc., known simply as CEDU (pronounced see-doo), was founded in 1967 by Mel Wasserman and his wife Brigitta. The company owned and operated several therapeutic boarding schools and behavior modification programs in California and Idaho.
History.
Original CEDU period (1967–1985).
The average time a student spent at a CEDU school was 2½ years. The school year was year-round. The original CEDU program did not believe in use of psychological medicine. Every week students would attend group therapy sessions called Raps. In this CEDU period, Raps were designed for fellow students and staff to confront addictions, pain, abuse and emotional turmoil in the one's life. Rap's were a safe place to talk about your own problems without feeling judged or discriminated against for one's personal belief. And, if needed the staff and former classmates were there to ensure it was safe to cry, release any pain that would potentially stop one from moving forward in their life. The bonds that were formed from the experiential experiences both in and outdoor were designed to challenge and build the individual from the inside out.
Expansion (1982–1990).
In 1982, a small group of students and staff, including founding headmaster Dan Earle, left the Running Springs campus for Bonners Ferry, Idaho to open Rocky Mountain Academy (RMA). RMA's curriculum and philosophy were identical to the original school, CEDU Running Springs. On rare occasions staff and students were transferred between schools. The staff generally transferred campuses for promotions, students were transferred because the staff felt a "fresh start" was the best (and usually last) option for the student. Rocky Mountain Academy was one of the largest employers in Boundary County during the period, diversifying its timber and agriculture economy.
Around 1990 the facilities began to accept that some of the teenagers could need medications.
CEDU Education - Brown Schools (1998–2005).
CEDU Education was sold to Brown Schools while it was at its peak in the market; all the schools were full and everything was going well. Two years into its ownership by Brown Schools, the staff turnover was extremely high, no one with any time or stability in the company was left, and CEDU Education went backwards. Former employees watched helplessly as the Brown Schools made management decision after management decision inconsistent with the CEDU philosophy of education and inconsistent with what was effective in helping struggling teens. 
Closure.
Brown Schools operated 11 boarding schools and educational facilities in California, Idaho, Texas, Vermont, and Florida. Facilities in Austin, Texas and San Marcos, Texas were sold to Psychiatric Solutions Inc. in 2003. CEDU closed in early 2005 due to financial problems. Several CEDU employees reported to Lake Arrowhead "Mountain News", however, that pending litigation against CEDU for abuse and violation of rights as well as citations against the schools contributed to the downfall. In March, 2005 Brown Schools declared bankruptcy, in part because of legal costs related to lawsuits filed by the families of several former students. The same year, Universal Health Services bid $13.5 million for the Brown School properties in bankruptcy.
Idaho Educational Services.
Universal Health Services Inc., a public company focused on hospitals and behavioral health centers, subsequently reopened three of the former CEDU facilities: Ascent, Boulder Creek (located on the former Rocky Mountain Academy property) and Northwest Academy. These operate under the new name of Idaho Educational Services. Each program is overseen by individual directors.
Influence.
The history of CEDU is largely the history of the development of parent-choice, private-pay residential programs. A significant number of the schools in the Emotional Growth/Therapeutic schools industry were developed or strongly influenced by people who were originally inspired by their CEDU experience.
Celebrity and CEDU.
The first facility was located in California — not far from Hollywood. The busy life of the persons in the entertainment industry meant that some of the known celebrities had less time for their children and outsourced the upbringing to CEDU. In relationship with the closure of the facility as local newspapers stated:
In the news.
1993: A 17-year-old boy disappeared from the Campus. He was never found.
1994: A 14-year-old boy disappeared from the Campus. The family believes that he was abducted. He has not been found.
July 1994 - Jon A. committed suicide in one of the dormitories of lower Camelot at Rocky Mountain Academy.
1997 - Five persons were injured in a riot at Northwest Academy.
2002 - CEDU Educational Services, Inc. pays settlement to former client on charges of abuse.
2004 - Parents search for their son who ran away from CEDU Running Springs.
2009 - A police investigation is conducted into the unsupervised presence of the convicted killer James Lee Crummel on the CEDU Running Springs Campus in connection with the two disappearances in 1990s.
2012 - The first book about CEDU is published by Waxlight Press. The Discarded Ones:A Novel Based on a True Story by James Tipper marks the first detailed account of life at the school in literature.

</doc>
<doc id="19683030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683030" title="Binntal">
Binntal

The Binntal (German: "Binn valley") is a valley of the Alps, located on the north side of the Lepontine Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais. The valley is drained by the "Binna", a tributary of the Rhone, at Grengiols. The valley is named after Binn (1,400 m), the main settlement. Other villages or localities are Ausserbinn (1,291 m), Heiligkreuz (1,458 m) and Fäld (1,547 m).
The mountains in the Binntal generally exceed 3,000 metres. The highest are the Helsenhorn, the Turbhorn and the Ofenhorn. On the upper east side of the valley, the Albrun Pass connects it with the Italian Valle Devero.

</doc>
<doc id="19683036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683036" title="TracExplorer">
TracExplorer

TracExplorer is a Trac client, implemented as an addin for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010. It is released under the GPL v3 License.
Community.
There is Google Group community for TracExplorer at http://groups.google.com/group/tracexplorer

</doc>
<doc id="19683044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683044" title="2008–09 MTN Domestic Championship">
2008–09 MTN Domestic Championship

The MTN Domestic Championship is the premier one-day cricket championship in South Africa. It is a one day game; each team plays each other twice in a home and away leg. It is based on the same principle as a one-day international. The top four teams progress to the semi-finals, with the winners of the semi-finals going through to the final.
The series starts on 14 October 2008 and plays through until the final on 17 January 2009.
Current Standings.
Updated 6 January 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="19683046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683046" title="Natali Morris">
Natali Morris

Natali Terese Morris (née Del Conte; August 28, 1978, San Leandro, California) is a technology news journalist and online media personality.
Background.
Morris is a former editor for CNET.com and is a former co-host of the technology news podcast "Buzz Out Loud", one of CNET.com's flagship podcasts, in addition to "Loaded", a daily technology news show on CNET TV. Previously, "Loaded" was reformatted in Spanish and shown on the Spanish language Univision television network.
Prior to joining CNET, she wrote, produced, and hosted a show "TeXtra" on Podshow. She has written for such publications as "Wired, Variety Magazine, MarketWatch, TechCrunch, The San Francisco Examiner, PC Magazine, ELLEgirl, The Oakland Tribune, Hispanic Magazine, and The Santa Cruz Sentinel". 
Biography.
On October 21, 2010 on CNET's "The 404" podcast she announced she married Fox News Channel host Clayton Morris in an October 2010 lunchtime ceremony at New York City Hall, and would take the last name Morris both professionally and personally as of mid-November 2010. In 2010 she gave birth to the couple's first child. In 2012 she gave birth to the couple's second child. The family resides in New Jersey. 
Education.
Morris graduated from Mission San Jose High School in Fremont, California in 1996 and went on to receive her BA in Mass Communication with an emphasis in Journalism from California State University, East Bay in 2000. She then received her MA in Sociology with an emphasis in Mass Media from the University of Southern California in 2004. As a graduate student, she was fully funded through the James Irvine Foundation through the Irvine Fellowship. She completed all coursework towards a gender certificate, meaning her work concentrated around gender studies. 
Career.
Her first journalism job out of college was as a staff writer for the "Features" section of the "Oakland Tribune". She stayed there a year before leaving for graduate school in 2001. After graduate school, Morris took a year sabbatical and taught yoga at Canyon Ranch SpaClub at The Venetian in Las Vegas, Nevada. When she returned to the Bay Area, she did a short stint in public relations for SHIFT Communications where she represented enterprise technology companies. Morris left SHIFT Communications in order to return to journalism in 2005. She began freelancing for "MarketWatch", "Variety", "The Oakland Tribune", "Hispanic Magazine", and others. In late 2005, she was hired as a business reporter for the "San Francisco Examiner".
In 2006, Morris joined the news desk at "PC Magazine". In October 2006, she was recruited by "TechCrunch" and left to work there for a short stint.
While working for "PC Magazine", Morris began making appearances on "Cranky Geeks", which launched her video career quite unexpectedly. Adam Curry noticed her on an episode of "Cranky Geeks" and contacted her with the idea of doing her own show for the Podshow network. She left "TechCrunch" in December 2006 and joined Podshow full-time. Morris, Curry, and the production staff at Podshow developed a show called TeXtra in January 2007, and the show launched on February 13, 2007.
Morris left Podshow for CNET TV in 2008, and the TeXtra podcast was shut down. Her new show, "Loaded" started in February 2008 with coverage from CES 2008.
In addition to her duties at CNET, Morris freelances for "Wired", "PC Magazine", "AppScout", "Aware Magazine", and "ELLEgirl". She makes regular appearances on The "CBS Early Show", and Red Eye" (prior to her CBS exclusivity agreement). In January 2009, Morris became co-host of the Buzz Out Loud podcast, taking the place of Molly Wood who left to focus on other CNET projects. 
In 2010, Morris and three friends started the motherhood weblog, MommyBeta The blog was nominated in The Bump's 2010 Mommy Blog Awards for Best Baby Journal Blog.
On November 23, 2010 Morris began to host wrestling promotion Chikara new video segment, "The Throwdown Lowdown". Morris left CNET on Friday, April 29, 2011. On February 1, 2012, Morris announced Disney Cruise Lines would be releasing videos featuring her as the host.

</doc>
<doc id="19683052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683052" title="Vickers range clock">
Vickers range clock

The Vickers Range Clock was a clockwork device used by the Royal Navy for continuously calculating the range to an enemy ship.
Overview.
In 1903, Percy Scott described a device he'd invented which was similar to the Vickers clock. In April 1904, Vickers worked with Scott and patented their device, samples of which were available for trials in 1905. In 1906, the Royal Navy ordered 246 units for use on their ships. More than one might be installed, to allow for tracking multiple targets.
The device consisted of a circular dial with a single central rotating pointer, like a clock. The dial was engraved with the ranges in yards. The clockwork motor drove the pointer at a constant rate determined by a control on the right hand side of the device. This had a handle and its own dial, on which the rate of change of range (or "range rate") could be selected. This was calculated by other means, often by use of a Dumaresq or a time-and-range plot. A second rotating handle was fitted to the left of the clock. This was connected by gears to the dial plate, which rather than being fixed as on a clock, could be rotated. One turn of the handle would rotate the scale relative to the pointer. Thus the clock could be set to the initial range to a ship, or corrections could be made to update the reading without disturbing the mechanism.
The range on the dial was the range as passed to gunners for firing, and as such included any corrections necessitated by time of flight, wind, etc., rather than being a true instantaneous record of distance to the enemy. By 1913, a second red pointer had been added to the original black one, attached to it by a friction grip, which could be adjusted relative to the original hand, so that one indicated true range and the other the corrected range for targeting.
Once some shots had been fired, spotters would report the fall of shell (which could be observed because of the large waterspouts where the shells hit the sea) and the range would be corrected up or down depending whether the shells were short or over the enemy. Initial estimates of range were obtained using optical rangefinders.
The dial was fitted with three separate scales reading , and in 100-yard steps, with marked subdivisions every . The handle for adjusting the dial was added from 1908; previously, the initial position of the dial plate had to be set by rotating it directly. Initial models had the rate setting dial calibrated in both knots and 'seconds per 50 yards'. This was altered in 1909 to yards per minute, which standardised measurement was used on other equipment designed to work with the clock.
An important aspect of the Vickers range clock, as well as other designs using a wheel-on-disc drive for the variable speed motor, such as the electrical clock used in the Dreyer Fire Control Table, was that it could only generate ranges according to a constant range rate. In most firing scenarios, the range rate would change continuously. In such cases, the operators of the clock would periodically alter the range rate in discrete increments as conditions suggested.
Mechanism.
Variable speed was obtained using a rotating metal disc driving a rubber wheel resting against it. The position of the wheel could be moved in and out along a radius of the disc, so that the wheel turned at different speeds (faster the further out). Operating errors would occur from adjusting the wheel, as the wheel tended to slide as it was dragged across the face of the spinning disc as it was adjusted. The workaround adopted was to adjust the rate quickly and in a discrete manner, accepting that the generated ranges would deviate moderately from the desired continuous hyperbolic curves that predominated in use. In 1909, alterations were made to the clockwork drive to improve reliability of the governed speed and to increase the power of the drive.
A small aperture on the dial would reveal a visual tell-tale which indicate that the clock's spring required winding.

</doc>
<doc id="19683068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683068" title="Gaylord Container Corporation">
Gaylord Container Corporation

Gaylord Container Corporation (AMEX: GCR) was an integrated manufacturer of packaging materials, primarily corrugated containers. Operating from 1986–2002, most of the company's facilities were originally part of Crown Zellerbach's container division. 
Gaylord Container, based in the Chicago suburb of Deerfield, Illinois, completed its initial public offering in July 1988, listed on the American Stock Exchange. After less than sixteen years as a company, it was acquired by a competitor, Temple-Inland, in early 2002.
Origins.
Gaylord Container was a by-product of the hostile takeover of Crown Zellerbach by Sir James Goldsmith in July 1985, which resulted in the break-up of the San Francisco-based forest products corporation in May 1986. The more profitable manufacturing assets (fine paper mills) were sold to the James River Corporation of Richmond, Virginia (which became Fort James in 1997, and was acquired by Georgia-Pacific in 2000). The less profitable container division (brown paper) became "Gaylord Container," and after a brief period as a limited partnership, was sold in November 1986 for $260 million to a group of Midwest investors led by Warren Hayford (b. 1929) and Marvin Pomerantz (1930-2008). They headed Mid-America Packaging, a single kraft paper mill in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, acquired from Weyerhaeuser in December 1985 for $28 million. Soon after the acquisition of the former Crown Zellerbach assets, the headquarters of Gaylord Container were moved from California to Illinois.
The company was named after the Gaylord container, a bulk-size corrugated box by a company of the same name, based in Gaylord, Michigan. The company was acquired by Crown Zellerbach in 1955, which renamed its brown paper operations the "Gaylord Container Division," which was later reduced to "Container Division."
Facilities.
At its initiation in 1986, Gaylord Container had three paper mills (containerboard), located in Antioch, California, Bogalusa, Louisiana, and Baltimore, Ohio, with converting plants in twelve states. The mill of Mid-America Packaging in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, was integrated into Gaylord Container in June 1988. The Ohio mill was sold for $17 million in November 1988, it produced only the less-profitable corrugating medium from recycled pulp. 
The Antioch mill in northern California (midway between San Francisco and Sacramento) had used 100% recycle pulp since 1977, and had a gas turbine co-generation facility, installed in 1982. The mill and adjacent converting complex was opened in 1956 by Crown Zellerbach to use pulp from British Columbia to make tissue, toweling, multiwall bags, and linerboard for the northern California market. The pulp was delivered by company ship to the Antioch mill's deep-water dock on the San Joaquin River. Eventually the consumer products were phased out and the mill downsized to a single Fourdrinier paper machine (260" (660 cm) wide), which produced linerboard and corrugating medium for corrugated boxes. Recycled pulp from the adjacent Secondary Fiber mill was first produced in 1969, reclaimed from old corrugated containers (OCC) and initially used as an extender for virgin pulp. Within eight years the mill's fiber supply was 100% recycle for all its grades of linerboard and medium, and for nearly a decade the Antioch mill was home of the "World's Largest Recycle Paper Machine.".
In March 1988, Gaylord Container acquired the adjacent Fibreboard kraft pulp and paper mill from Louisiana-Pacific and it became the California east mill. Despite a $50 million infusion to revive the 1949 facility, problems with wood chip supplies and prices on the West Coast, antiquated equipment, and air quality issues forced the east mill to shut down within three years, in February 1991, eliminating 320 jobs. Shortly after the acquisition by Temple-Inland, the west mill was idled in September 2002, due to over-capacity of papermaking within the newly expanded company. The Antioch gas-turbine power plant continued to operate, selling electricity to the local utility {PG&E} until it shut down in February 2006.
Gaylord Container also operated a DMSO facility in Bogalusa, now Gaylord Chemical Corporation, adjacent to its pulp and paper operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19683195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683195" title="Alexa Thatcher">
Alexa Thatcher

Alexa Thatcher is an American professional wrestler who regularly wrestles for Shimmer Women Athletes and various other independent promotions. She has also made brief appearances for Ring of Honor, and wrestled for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name Alexa Jade.
Professional wrestling career.
Thatcher won a contest to receive formal training at a professional wrestling school, called the SAW, in New Jersey. While there, she was trained by Corvis Fear, The Soul Brothers and Skinhead Ivan. After that school closed down, she began training at another school in New Jersey, the AWA, where she was trained by Fear and Jay Lethal, as well as others.
After debuting in 2005, Thatcher appeared for a multitude of independent promotions. In 2006, she wrestled for World Women's Wrestling, Jersey All Pro Wrestling (JAPW) and the East Coast Pro Wrestling (ECPW), competing against wrestlers including Mercedes Martinez, Alicia and Synndy. On October 6 of that year, she won the National Wrestling Superstars Women's J-Cup. She defeated Princess Jana and Alicia to make it into the final, where she defeated Martinez. Thatcher finished out the year continuing to wrestle for JAPW and ECPW.
In 2007, Thatcher began wrestling for Ring of Honor (ROH) and Shimmer Women Athletes. She made her ROH debut on February 16 at "Fifth Year Festival: NYC", teaming with Daizee Haze in a loss to Sara Del Rey and Allison Danger. After losing to Haze at a JAPW event on March 17, she began competing for Shimmer in April. At the DVD tapings for Volumes 9 and 10, Thatcher lost to Ariel, and competed in a four-way match, which was won by Rain, and also involved Malia Hosaka and Josie respectively. She returned at the Volume 12 taping on June 2, where she was attacked by Alicia, during an interview with Becky Bayless. In July, Thatcher began competing for Women Superstars Uncensored (WSU), taking on Nikki Roxx, and Alere Little Feather. On August 17, Thatcher won the WSU Championship by defeating Alicia. She held the title for just one day, before dropping it back to Alicia. In September, she began a feud with Cindy Rogers, having two matches end in a draw. She returned to Shimmer in October, at the tpaings for Volumes 15 and 16, losing to Cheerleader Melissa, but defeating Ashley Lane. In November 2007 she wrestled two matches for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the name "Alexa Jade", losing to both Gail Kim and Awesome Kong. Her last appearance of 2007 were for WSU, where she wrestled for the WSU Championship, but was unsuccessful.
In January 2008, Thatcher returned to ROH, losing first to Daizee Haze in a singles match at "Proving Ground", before she and Ernie Osiris lost a mixed tag team match to Chris Hero and Sara Del Rey at "Transform". Throughout the rest of 2008, she continued to compete for WSU and American Championship Entertainment. This was until she retired from wrestling in June for personal reasons, pulling off of any scheduled shows.
On May 8, 2010, Alexa Thatcher appeared on a Pro Wrestling Syndicate show with former Reality Check partner, Kevin Matthews, managing him to a PWS World Championship win against Butterbean. The PWS website hints that a stable of Alexa Thatcher, Kevin Matthews, Velvet Sky, Devon Moore, and Danny Demanto, as Reality Check, will continue to reign as PWS continues to run shows.
Personal life.
Thatcher watched wrestling growing up, and is a fan of Trish Stratus and Christian. Thatcher is dating fellow professional wrestler, Corvis Fear, whom she met when she was sixteen. Although she had been a fan of wrestling, it wasn't until she met Fear that she thought that she could realistically accomplish becoming a professional wrestler. Fear later helped to train her.

</doc>
<doc id="19683207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683207" title="Green left">
Green left

The term Green left is used primarily to refer to a combination of environmentalism, feminism, socialism, and pacifism in countries where the term is used. It is primarily a social justice- and human rights-oriented ideology, with an expansion in focus to the rights of other species. 
The name "Green Left" is also used by a variety of organizations which espouse socialist or Marxist principles but with a greater emphasis upon environmental preservation than previous iterations of socialism and communism. 
Politics.
Europe.
In Europe, the green left arose partly out of the declining Eurocommunist tendency that has been mostly associated with various Communist parties in the continent; as a result, many former Communist parties and remnants of Communist parties were either reestablished or fused into existing green parties.
Far-left political parties or joint electoral lists have been formed over the years, most often between Marxists and radical greens. In the Netherlands, the GreenLeft party was formed in 1989 by a merger of a communist, pacifist, leftwing Christian and green parties. In December 2007, an Italian electoral coalition of the radical left was formed known as The Left – The Rainbow, comprising Federation of the Greens, two communist parties and a small democratic socialist party.
Elsewhere.
The green left has also been prominent in the green politics outside of Europe, especially in the United States, Australia and New Zealand, although these green parties may involve themselves in alliances with otherwise-conservative political organizations in Blue-green alliances.

</doc>
<doc id="19683210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683210" title="Cemetery of the Resurrection">
Cemetery of the Resurrection

The Cemetery of the Resurrection is a Roman Catholic cemetery on the southern shore of Staten Island, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19683215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683215" title="Ellis Miah">
Ellis Miah

Ellis Miah (born March 21 in New York City, New York, USA) is an American songwriter, record producer, composer, vocalist and DJ of Bangladeshi and Caribbean descent. He has had over 17 records on various Billboard charts including the Billboard 200, Electronic Album, Club Play and Maxi Singles as part of the production teams the Orange Factory and Beat Hustlerz. He was discovered by Atlantic Records artist Tigra of the Rap Group L'trimm and signed to an artist development deal by Paul Klein and Henry Stone at the age of 12. At 16 he had a his first release, a regional hit on Miami's Power 96 radio station. He has since focused on writing, producing and remixing for artists including Miley Cyrus, Backstreet boys and Annie Lennox.
External links.
Billboard 200 (2008) Hannah Montana 2: Non-Stop Dance Party

</doc>
<doc id="19683217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683217" title="Greatest Hits Plus">
Greatest Hits Plus

Greatest Hits Plus is the first Greatest Hits compilation by Country Music artist Ricky Van Shelton. It contains the hit singles from his first four studio albums, not including his Gospel and Holiday album. 
Three new tracks on the album including a cover of Elvis Presley's "Wear My Ring Around Your Neck", originally featured on the "Honeymoon in Vegas" soundtrack, were released as singles and had some chart success.

</doc>
<doc id="19683231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683231" title="Jonathan Goodwin">
Jonathan Goodwin

Jonathan Goodwin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19683232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683232" title="John Hungerford Pollen (senior)">
John Hungerford Pollen (senior)

John Hungerford Pollen (1820-1902) was an English writer on crafts and furniture.
Life.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford. He was ordained as an Anglican priest in 1845, with a parish in Leeds from 1847, writing of his experiences.
He became a Catholic convert and left the Church of England in 1852. He worked on numerous decorative projects in the 1850s, starting with the hall ceiling at Merton College, Oxford, where he was a Fellow from 1842; his conversion entailed his giving up that fellowship. Other works, mainly in collaboration, were on the University Museum in Oxford, and the Arthurian murals at the Oxford Union, in a group led by Dante Gabriel Rossetti and including William Morris, Edward Burne-Jones, Val Prinsep, and Roddam Spencer Stanhope. 
He worked with John Henry Newman on church architecture and decoration. He was responsible for the design of the Catholic University Church in Dublin. He also worked on the Brompton Oratory. Newman invited him to take up a position at the Catholic University of Ireland, and Pollen was Professor of Fine Arts there, from 1855 to 1857.
He returned to England in 1857, settling in Hampstead, London. He worked for "The Tablet", and through John Everett Millais expanded his contacts with the Pre-Raphaelite circle.
Later he worked for the South Kensington Museum, where he was appointed assistant keeper in 1863, and was made editor to its science and art department, producing catalogues. He compiled with Henry Cole a "Universal Catalogue of Books on Art". This was a multi-volume project, beginning publication in 1870, its aim being to furnish a complete bibliographical record of art books in libraries of the West.
Family.
The architect C. R. Cockerell was his uncle. 
He married Maria Margaret La Primaudaye in 1855. As Maria Pollen, she was known as an author on lace.
Of ten children, John Hungerford Pollen, Jesuit and writer, was his third child, inventor Arthur Pollen was his sixth son.

</doc>
<doc id="19683237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683237" title="Dark-energy-dominated era">
Dark-energy-dominated era

In physical cosmology, the dark-energy-dominated era refers to the last of the three phases of the known universe, the other two being the matter-dominated era and the radiation-dominated era. The dark-energy-dominated era began after the matter-dominated era, i.e. when the Universe was about 5 billion years old. As other forms of the matter – dust and radiation – dropped to very low concentrations, the cosmological constant term started to dominate the energy density of the Universe.
For a dark-energy-dominated universe, the evolution of the scale factor in the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker metric is easily obtained solving the Friedmann equations:
Here, the coefficient "H" in the exponential, the Hubble constant, is
This exponential dependence on time makes the spacetime geometry identical to the de Sitter Universe, and only holds for a positive sign of the cosmological constant, the sign that was observed to be realized in Nature anyway.
The current density of the observable universe is of the order of 9.44 x 10−27kg m−3 and the age of the universe is of the order of 13.8 billion years, or 4.358 x 1017s. The Hubble parameter, H, is ~70.88 km s−1Mpc−1. (The Hubble time is 13.79 billion years.) The value of the cosmological constant, Λ, is ~2 x 10−35s−2.

</doc>
<doc id="19683238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683238" title="Anthony Spero">
Anthony Spero

Anthony Spero (1929 – September 29, 2008) was the consigliere and one time acting boss of the Bonanno crime family.
Biography.
Spero was a large man with dark hair, a dark complexion and was good looking in a rough way" Philip Carlo wrote. "He was fair, smart, and exceedingly well versed in the ways of the street". 
According to the testimony of boss-turned-informant Joe Massino, Anthony Spero was inducted into the Bonanno crime family by Carmine Galante on June 14, 1977. The ceremony was held in a Queens bar, and among those inducted were Massino, Joseph Chilli, Jr., Peter Monteleone and several other men.
A reserved and low profile man, Spero's hobby was breeding racing pigeons in coops on the roof of a Bensonhurst building. To avoid electronic surveillance from law enforcement, Spero sometimes held crew meetings on the same rooftop. Spero was married with two daughters, Jill and Diana, and owned a home in Staten Island.
One of Spero's most lucrative enterprises was selling stolen fireworks. He owned huge warehouses of fireworks and made close to $5 million a year selling them. Every Fourth of July, Spero would stage a fireworks display on Bath Avenue in Bath Beach, Brooklyn that allegedly cost him several hundred thousand dollars. For these parties, Spero also supplied food that was said to be enough to feed all of Bensonhurst, Brooklyn." Spero was a close associate of Colombo crime family capo Gregory Scarpa and Lucchese crime family capo and future underboss Anthony Casso. Following the death of Alphonse Indelicato and the indictment of his son Anthony Indelicato, Bonanno mobster Thomas Pitera became close to Spero. Spero later inducted Pitera into the Bonanno crime family at an initiation ceremony at the house of Bonanno capo Frank Lino.
Murders.
In 1990, Spero ordered the murder of Louis Tuzzio, a Bonanno associate who had botched a mob killing. An ambitious gangster, Tuzzio had offended Spero by demanding to become a made man. In January 1990, Tuzzio was found dead in his car in Brooklyn with a bullet wound in the back of the head. In 1991, Spero ordered the murder of Vincent Bickelman, a burglar from Brooklyn. In August 1991, Bickelman had broken into the home of Spero's daughter Jill and stolen her jewelry and a fur coat. On September 15, 1991, Bickelmen's body, with six bullet wounds, was discovered near his apartment in Bath Beach. Bickelman was allegedly murdered by Gambino associate Paul Gulino, an ambitious young mobster who ran the Bath Street Crew.
In 1993, Spero ordered Gulino's murder. In July of that year, during an argument with Spero at the Bath Beach social club, Gulino made physical contact with the capo, a breach of Cosa Nostra protocol. Two weeks later, Gulino's parents discovered him shot to death in their kitchen.
Convictions.
On January 24, 1994, Spero was indicted on federal racketeering charges of extortion and murder. The indictment stated that Spero controlled a business that used extortion to place "Joker Poker" gambling machines in bars, social clubs, and other establishments around the city. Spero was also charge with the 1991 murder of Marc Goldberg, a rival in the illegal gambling business. In April 1995, Spero was acquitted of the Goldberg murder, but convicted of extortion. He was sentenced to two years in prison. In 1997, Spero was released from prison.
On May 30, 1999, Spero was indicted on federal racketeering charges that included loansharking and the Tuzzio, Bickelman and Gulino murders from the 1990s. Spero pleaded not guilty on all the counts. Spero was released from jail and confined to his Staten Island house, wearing an electronic ankle bracelet. During the trial, one of the witnesses testifying against Spero was Alphonse D'Arco, the former underboss of the Lucchese crime family. D'Arco recounted a 1991 conversation in which Spero stated that family members of mob informants, including women and children, should be murdered in retaliation. On April 5, 2001, Spero was convicted of the three murders and other racketeering charges. On April 16, 2002, Spero was sentenced to life in prison. His lawyer requested leniency due to Spero's poor health, but the judge denied the request.
On September 29, 2008, Spero died at age 79 at the Federal Correctional Complex, Butner (FCC) in Butner, North Carolina. Spero's body was interred at the Cemetery of the Resurrection in Staten Island, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19683244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683244" title="Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals">
Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals

The Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals (AFCCA) is an independent appellate judicial body authorized by Congress and established by the Judge Advocate General of the Air Force pursuant to the exclusive authority under (a). The Court hears and decides appeals of United States Air Force court-martial convictions and appeals "pendente lite". Its appellate judges are assigned to the Court by The Judge Advocate General. The Judge Advocate General instructs court-martial convening authorities to take action in accordance with the Court's decisions.
The Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals is located at Andrews Air Force Base in Washington, D.C.
Jurisdiction.
The court conducts mandatory review of all courts-martial of Air Force members referred to the court (unless waived by the appellant) pursuant to Articles 62, 66, 69, and 73 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and, when necessary in furtherance of its jurisdiction, reviews all petitions for extraordinary relief properly filed before it.
This includes:
The next level of appeal from the AFCCA is the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19683276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683276" title="Thomas Goodwin (disambiguation)">
Thomas Goodwin (disambiguation)

Thomas Goodwin was an English Puritan theologian.
Thomas Goodwin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19683279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683279" title="Capture of Mỹ Tho">
Capture of Mỹ Tho

The Capture of My Tho () on 12 April 1861 was an important allied victory in the Cochinchina campaign (1858–62). This campaign, fought between the French and the Spanish on the one side and the Vietnamese on the other, began as a limited punitive expedition and ended as a French war of conquest. The war concluded with the establishment of the French colony of Cochinchina, a development that inaugurated nearly a century of French colonial dominance in Vietnam.
Background.
After early French and Spanish victories at Tourane (Da Nang) and Saigon, the Cochinchina campaign reached a point of equilibrium in 1860. In March 1860 the allies were forced to evacuate Tourane. At the same time they were besieged in Saigon, which had been captured by a Franco-Spanish expedition under the command of Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly on 17 February 1859. The arrival of massive reinforcements from the French expeditionary corps in China in 1860 allowed the French to regain the initiative. In early 1861 Admiral Léonard Charner broke the Siege of Saigon by defeating the Vietnamese besieging army at the Battle of Ky Hoa (25 February 1861). This victory gave Charner the opportunity to take the offensive against the Vietnamese, and he decided to strike first at My Tho and next at Bien Hoa.
The My Tho expedition.
The expedition against My Tho was initially led by "capitaine de frégate" Bourdais, captain of the aviso "Monge". Besides "Monge", the other warships at his disposal were the first-class gunboats "Alarme" and "Mitraille" and the small gunboats Nos. 18 and 31, commanded respectively by "lieutenants de vaisseau" Sauze, Duval, Peyron and de Mauduit. The flotilla carried a landing force of 200 French sailors, 30 Spanish soldiers and one mountain mortar.
Bourdais was ordered to advance on My Tho from the north, along a creek known to the French as the Arroyo de la Poste. On 1 and 2 April he bombarded and captured two forts at the entrance to the creek, and went on to destroy a series of stockades erected by the Vietnamese to bar access.
On 4 April the expedition received important reinforcements from Saigon: 200 chasseurs, 100 sailors, two companies of marine infantry, two 40-millimetre mountain guns and two mortars. These reinforcements arrived aboard the aviso "Echo". Command of the expedition was now given to Charner's aide de camp "capitaine de vaisseau" Le Couriault du Quilio, assisted by "capitaine de frégate" Allizé de Montignicourt as chief of staff. A further reinforcement of 100 sailors arrived on 6 April, under the command of "capitaine de frégate" Desvaux.
Between 6 and 11 April Le Couriault du Quilio's expedition fought its way along the Arroyo de la Poste, against Vietnamese resistance of varying intensity.
On 8 April the expedition was reinforced with three more gunboats (Nos. 16, 20 and 22), commanded respectively by "lieutenants de vaisseau" Gougeard, Béhic and Salmon.
On the evening of 9 April the Vietnamese launched two fireships against the French gunboats. "Enseignes de vaisseau" Joucla and Besnard took both vessels under tow and ran them aground in a tributary creek, where they burned themselves out.
On 10 April a French scouting party led by Captain du Chaffault advanced up to the walls of My Tho and exchanged shots with the defenders before returning to make its report. Le Couriault du Quilio pressed forward with his gunboats, which were towing several sloops carrying 300 soldiers and sailors. "Capitaine de frégate" Bourdais, the original expedition commander, led an attack on Fort No. 5 with Gunboat No. 18 (see map), but was killed by a cannonball in the first exchange of fire. The French gunboats soon beat down the fire of the fort, and its defenders abandoned it before it was assaulted. The capture of this fort, renamed Fort Bourdais by the French, opened the route to My Tho.
On 11 April the expedition closed up on My Tho, and prepared to assault the town on the following day. In the event, the assault was not necessary. A flotilla of warships under the command of Admiral François Page, who had been sent by Charner to sail up the Mekong river to attack My Tho by sea, presented itself before the town on 12 April. My Tho was occupied by the French on the same day without a shot being fired.

</doc>
<doc id="19683310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683310" title="Anatolia College">
Anatolia College

Anatolia College (Greek: "Κολλέγιο Ανατόλια", IPA: ]), or sometimes the American College (Greek: "Αμερικάνικο Κολλέγιο", IPA: ]), is a private, non-profit, educational institution located in Pylaia, a suburb of Thessaloniki, Greece. The school has three subdivisions: "Anatolia Elementary", "Anatolia High School" (known simply as Anatolia College, which also includes the "Anatolia IB") and the "American College of Thessaloniki", a private university.
Students achieved 100% university placement in 2008 and 2010. It is the only school in Greece with a full boarding program and retains Greece's most extensive scholarship program.
History.
In 1810, the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions was founded in Boston and established the Bebek Seminary outside Constantinople in 1840. In 1862 it was transferred to Merzifon and in 1886 the Anatolia College of Mersovan was founded as a theological seminary with Charles Tracy as President. The students were principally Greek and Armenian, most coming from outside of Merzifon and boarding at the school while the faculty was Greek, Armenian, and American. Enrollment soon reached 115 students. In 1893, the girl's school was also founded.
In 1920, enrollment stood at 218 students, with an equal number in the girls' school and the campus consisted of more than 40 New England style buildings. Anatolia included a kindergarten, a school for the deaf, high schools for boys and girls, a college-level program, a theological seminary, one of the largest hospitals in Asia Minor, and an orphanage for 2000 orphans.
With help from Eleftherios Venizelos, Anatolia reopened in Thessaloniki in 1924, renting buildings in Harilaou, with 13 students, mostly refugees. Enrollment soon reached 157, while the Mission School for Girls in Thessaloniki became part of Anatolia College Anatolia in 1927. In 1934 the school moved to the newly constructed campus above the city near the village of Pylaia, on the lower slopes of Mt. Hortiatis.
When Greece entered World War II upon the Italian invasion in 1940, the school closed and the campus was used as military hospital. When Germany invaded Greece the campus was taken over by the Germans as general headquarters for the Balkans. The surrender documentations of Greece were signed in the school's main building, Macedonia Hall. In 1944-45 the campus was occupied by the British Army (the last units would not leave until 1949).
At the end of the war Anatolia reopened, as repair of the damaged campus proceeded. The girls' school was moved into temporary quarters on the Anatolia campus after its building on Allatini Street burned. For a number of years the schools remained separate, but co-education was completed by the end of the 1980s. However, the two schools are still administrated by different Deans. The final division of Anatolia College, the I.B. school, was established in 1998.
In the meanwhile, a secretariat school was established in 1964. In 1981, the School of Business Administration and Liberal Arts (SBALA) was founded to provide post-secondary instruction in business and the liberal arts and in 1993 the first four-year baccalaureate in liberal arts was awarded. In 1997, the American College of Thessaloniki (ACT) was finally accredited by New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Divisions.
American College of Thessaloniki.
The American College at Thessaloniki (ACT) offers a four-year Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) and Bachelor of Science (B.S.) program and a Master of Business Administration (MBA). The enrollment is 350 students from over ten countries, including about 100 American students from colleges and universities who are on semester/year abroad programs.
Secondary School (Anatolia College).
The secondary division of Anatolia is the original element of this educational institution. Anatolia is organized in accordance with Greek law and grants the Greek Apolytirio (the Greek high school diploma) by meeting the requirements established by the Greek Ministry of Education, while students enrolled in the I.B. program receive the I.B. Certificate. Entrance to the regular high school and IB program is based on examinations and previous school records.
With the exception of courses in English, Art and Computers, the Greek high school curriculum is taught in Greek, while all I.B. courses are taught in English except Greek Literature that is taught in Greek. Each gymnasium (grades 7-9) and lyceum (grades 10-12) has its own Dean and Deputy Dean, and the I.B. program has its own Director. The High School as a whole is overseen by the Vice President for Secondary Education. In the school year 2007-2008, 100% of the students who applied to universities in Greece and abroad were accepted.
Elementary School (Anatolia Elementary).
The Anatolia Elementary was Established in 2004 and formally opened in 2005, and includes a kindergarten and an elementary school. The enrollment is 450 students.
Faculty.
There are 230 faculty members at Anatolia College, divided among the three divisions as follows: Elementary School (32), High School (156), and ACT (42). The majority of the faculty members are Greek, with the following other nationalities represented: British, American, dual nationals and other European nationalities. The student to teacher ratio is 1:9 throughout the entire institution. The administration of the school, with the exception of the President, is Greek, with some members having dual citizenship.
Governance.
Anatolia College is governed by a Board of Trustees with headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts. Approximately half of the Trustees reside in the New England region while most of the remainder represent other areas of the United States. Several Trustees are Greek residing in Greece. The Trustees maintain an office in Boston to conduct fund-raising and otherwise serve the College.
Presidents.
Anatolia has had 11 presidents, the first 10 from the United States of America. The current president is Dr. Panos Vlahos, who is the first Greek president in the history of the institution. The longest-lasting president of Anatolia was Charles Tracy, whose tenure lasted for 26 years, followed closely by Dr. William McGrew, who was president for 25 years. The shortest presidency was that of Joseph Kennedy, who was president for 3 years. 
International Baccalaureate.
Anatolia College's high school, apart from the Greek Ministry of Education Program, hosts an International Baccauleureate Organisation Program, the IB, for the two final years of high school. Entrance is competitive, and upon entrance, students can select a subject from each of the six fields of study the IB offers: Two languages, one primary and one secondary, Mathematics, Science, Social Sciences, and Arts. In addition to the six subjects, (three of which are in the Standard Level, and three of which are in the Higher Level), it is compulsory for each student to compose an Extended Essay in the Subject of his/her choice, as well as take part in a Theory of Knowledge Course.
Students wishing to sit for the IB, can receive up to 7 point per subject, and a total of 3 points from Theory of Knowledge and the Extended Essay. Grades are given in total out of 45 points.
Center for Talented Youth (CTY) Greece at Anatolia College.
Anatolia College, Johns Hopkins University and the Stavros Niarchos Foundation have partnered to create the "Center for Talented Youth Greece at Anatolia College", a part of Johns Hopkins's CTY program already acive for over 30 years in 120 countries.
The goal of the program is to identify and educate children of 5 to 18 years old that have special talents or capabilities, achieve high scores in school and are dedicated to learning beyond the limits of the regular educational system.
The program begins in 2014 with the setting in operation a summer camp for children of 12 to 15, who will study subjects at a university level in various fields, such as, but not limited to, game theory. The Stavros Niarchos Foundation will fund the participation of students in the program for the first 3 years of its operation.
There is an expansion of the program scheduled for the future concerning all-year and online courses.
Εxtracurricular activities.
Clubs.
Anatolia College students are given a choice of over 70 clubs to join. Many students have earned national and international awards through participation in the school clubs, such as the Anatolia College Model United Nations, which is hosted annually, the Drama Club, which performs English musicals, and the Greek Drama Club, mostly performing comedies or ancient Greek plays. The college also has a presence at the Youth Parliament of Greece.
Sports tournaments.
The Aegean Tournament is hosted every year at Anatolia College. Students from schools all over Greece attend and compete in sports. Field Day is also hosted once a year, and students of Anatolia College are given the opportunity to compete in sports, dance competitions and other such events. The school's sports teams have won awards on a national level.

</doc>
<doc id="19683311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683311" title="Harold Widom">
Harold Widom

Harold Widom (born 1932) is an American mathematician well known for his contributions to operator theory and random matrices. He was appointed to the Department of Mathematics at the University of California, Santa Cruz in 1968 and became professor emeritus in 1994.
Education and research.
Widom was born in New York City. He studied at Stuyvesant High School, graduating in 1949, and was a member of the school's math team along with his brother Benjamin Widom (1944, 1948). Widom attended City College of New York until 1951, during which he was one of the winners of the
William Lowell Putnam Mathematical Competition (1951). At the University of Chicago he obtained an M.S. (1952) and Ph.D., the latter on a thesis "Embedding of AW*-algebras" advised by Irving Kaplansky (1955).
He taught mathematics at Cornell University (1955–68) where he started his work on Toeplitz and Wiener-Hopf operators, partly inspired by Mark Kac.
Widom was appointed in the Department of Mathematics at the University of California, Santa Cruz and became professor emeritus in 1994. His research areas were in integral equations and operator theory, in particular the determination of the spectra of a semi-infinite Toeplitz matrix and Wiener-Hopf operators, and the asymptotic behavior of the spectra of various classes of operators. The latter was looked at from the point of view of pseudodifferential operators (which generalize both integral and partial differential operators) on manifolds.
More recently, his mathematical contributions with his long term collaborator Craig Tracy have been recognized through the award of several prizes for their joint work on Tracy–Widom distribution functions for random matrices. They used integral operators to obtain explicit representations, in terms of Painlevé transcendents, of the limiting distributions of the largest and smallest eigenvalues in many models of random matrices (see Fredholm determinants). These same distributions have since been shown to arise in numerous other physical models, in random growth models, and in asymptotic combinatorics.
He has been the author of two books and more than 120 journal articles, and is an associate editor of "Asymptotic Analysis", "Journal of Integral Equations and Applications and Mathematical Physics", "Analysis", and "Geometry". He is an honorary editor of Integral Equations and Operator Theory.

</doc>
<doc id="19683332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683332" title="László Bojtor">
László Bojtor

László Bojtor (born 17 September 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football (forward) player who plays for Egri FC.

</doc>
<doc id="19683334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683334" title="Giles Reaves">
Giles Reaves

Giles Reaves is a multi-instrumentalist sound artist and audio engineer who has composed albums of space music. His most recognized album, "Sea of Glass", 1992, peaked at #11 on the Billboard Top New Age Albums chart.
Biography.
Reaves got his start in the Nashville country music business in the 1980s, as an engineer working for producer Marshall Montgomery. MCA producer Tony Brown overheard Reaves' space music improvisations in a studio late one night, and signed him for a contract that resulted in two solo albums and a collaboration with Jon Goin on the MCA Master Series. MCA provided little promotion or distribution for these albums, but 1986's "Wunjo" received critical acclaim from "Electronic Musician" magazine, which named it a top electronic album of all time.
"Wunjo" first appeared on the U.S. public radio show Hearts of Space (HoS) in PGM 113: "Scorpio", 1986. Pieces from Reaves's albums have appeared in 17 HoS programs broadcast during the show's 25 year history.
In 1992, HoS producer Stephen Hill contacted Reaves to tell him about fans of HoS who still wrote to him wanting copies of "Wunjo", which were unavailable because of MCA's original limited distribution. With the expiration of the MCA contract, Reaves had another album of unpublished music that interested Hill. Reaves signed with Hill's Hearts of Space Records for the release of "Sea of Glass", which remained on the new age charts for four months. Music journalist Bert Strolenberg wrote about "Sea of Glass" in 2007, "This classic space music recording by Nashville-based synthesist Giles Reaves is one of those milestones that can stand the test of time for decades, as it still sounds fresh and inspiring after all these years."
Later in the 1990s, Reaves joined the improvisational space music group Spacecraft, described by Star's End radio as "one of the leading voices in the spacemusic community".
Reaves also appeared on Tony Gerber's, "Blue Western Sky" for the Lektronic Soundscapes label.
In 2001, "Kaleida Visions" was released by the Space for Music team. SFM included Reaves as an original member along with Kirby Shelstad, with whom he also collaborated in live performances and on recordings.
In 2002, with Spacecraft and also as a solo artist, he performed at the Nashville "Space for Music" Festival, along with other noted Nashville artists including Aashid Himons & Future Man from Bela Fleck & the Flecktones, Robert Rich, the West Tennessee ensemble Zero Ohms, and others. The space music festival had been founded by fellow Spacecraft band-member Tony Gerber in 1986. 
Reaves also creates 3D renderings that have been used for CD cover artwork.
Beyond space music, Reaves has another career as an engineer and co-producer for the Nashville rock music scene, including work with Dessau and Grinning Plowmen. He also collaborated with Afrikan Dreamland, Bedlam, Lisa Germano, Jaime Kyle, Tom Littlefield, Bill Lloyd, and Lounge Flounders.

</doc>
<doc id="19683335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683335" title="K1000">
K1000

K1000 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19683337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683337" title="Attila Fritz">
Attila Fritz

Attila Fritz (born 17 July 1986) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szolnoki MÁV FC.
Club career.
Budapest Honved.
He made his debut of 15 March 2008 against Pécsi Mecsek FC in a match that ended 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19683341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683341" title="Gábor Koós">
Gábor Koós

Gábor Koós (born 9 February 1986 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football (forward) player who plays as a striker for Ceglédi VSE.

</doc>
<doc id="19683343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683343" title="István Abonyi">
István Abonyi

István Abonyi (18 August 1886 – 5 June 1942) was a Hungarian chess master, who was born and died in Budapest.
In 1912, Abonyi played the Abonyi Gambit (1.Nf3 d5 2.e4) for the first time.
István Abonyi with Zsigmond Barász and Gyula Breyer developed the Budapest Gambit. Abonyi played it against the Dutch surgeon Johannes Esser in a small tournament at Budapest 1916. He published analysis on the Abonyi Variation of the Budapest Gambit (1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 e5 3.dxe5 Ng4 4.e4 Nxe5 5.f4 Nec6) in 1922 in "Deutsches Wochenschach."
He was one of the 15 founders of FIDE on 20th of July 1924, during 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad in Paris.
On January 21-22, 1928, Abonyi played 300 opponents on 105 boards in Budapest, scoring 79 wins, 6 losses, and 20 draws.
From 1935 to 1939, Abonyi was the president of the International Correspondence Chess Federation (IFSB).
For many years, Abonyi was the president of the Hungarian Chess Federation and edited the Hungarian chess magazine, "Magyar Sakkvilag" (Hungarian Chessworld).

</doc>
<doc id="19683347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683347" title="Fayet–Iliopoulos D-term">
Fayet–Iliopoulos D-term

In theoretical physics, the Fayet–Iliopoulos D-term (introduced by Pierre Fayet and John Iliopoulos) is a D-term in a supersymmetric theory obtained from a vector superfield "V" simply by an integral over all of superspace:
Because a natural trace must be a part of the expression, the action only exists for U(1) vector superfields. 
In terms of the components, it is proportional simply to the last auxiliary D-term of the superfield "V". It means that the corresponding "D" that appears in D-flatness conditions (and whose square enters the ordinary potential) is additively shifted by formula_2, the coefficient.

</doc>
<doc id="19683348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683348" title="A Bridge I Didn't Burn">
A Bridge I Didn't Burn

"A Bridge I Didn't Burn" is the sixth studio (eighth overall) album by Country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. The tracks "A Couple of Good Years Left" and "Where Was I" were released as singles. The first failed to reach the top 40 while the latter peaked at number 20 on the charts.
"Heartache as Big as Texas" was originally released in 1991 on a promotional single "(CSK 4062)" as an extended dance mix. "Linda Lu" is a cover of R&B Artist Ray Sharpe's hit from 1959.
Musicians.
Background Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="19683360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683360" title="Hugh Alexander Bryson">
Hugh Alexander Bryson

Hugh Alexander Bryson (August 21, 1912 in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada-1987) was a Canadian politician, farmer and insurance agent. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1953 election as a Member of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation to represent the riding of Humboldt—Melfort. He was re-elected in the 1957 election then defeated in the elections of 1958 and for the riding of Humboldt—Melfort—Tisdale in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19683380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683380" title="Big Mountain Air Force Station">
Big Mountain Air Force Station

Big Mountain Air Force Station is a military use airstrip located near Big Mountain, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airstrip was built to support the Big Mountain Radio Relay Station, an abandoned Air Force facility located southwest of Anchorage on the south shore of Iliamna Lake.
History.
Big Mountain RRS was constructed in 1956 as part of the White Alice Communication System (WACS), a defense communication network and aircraft warning system established across Alaska during the Cold War. Advances in technology made the Big Mountain installation obsolete and it was abandoned in 1979. The United States Air Force still owns at the site, which consists of a Lower Camp alongside the airstrip and an Upper Camp on the top of Big Mountain. There is also a barge landing site at Reindeer Bay that is now owned by the University of Alaska, with surrounding land owned by the State of Alaska.
Facilities.
Big Mountain has one runway designated 7/25 with a 4,200 by 145 ft (1,280 x 44 m) gravel surface.

</doc>
<doc id="19683394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683394" title="Barbara Alvarez (television presenter)">
Barbara Alvarez (television presenter)

Barbara Alvarez is an American television personality. She was born in Havana, Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="19683400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683400" title="1936–37 FA Cup">
1936–37 FA Cup

The 1936–37 FA Cup was the 62nd season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Sunderland won the competition for the first time, beating Preston North End 3–1 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Chester City, Port Vale and Luton Town were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Ilford and Corinthian were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 28 November 1936. Four were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 12 December 1936, with one match postponed until the 17th. Three matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Chester City, Port Vale and Luton Town. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 16 January 1937. Four matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 30 January 1937. Four games were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 20 February 1937. There were two replays, played in the next midweek fixture.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 6 March 1937. The Wolverhampton Wanderers–Sunderland match went to two replays before it was settled, in Sunderland's favour. This was the only second replay to take place in the FA Cup proper.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 10 April 1937. Sunderland and Preston North End won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley
Final.
The 1937 FA Cup Final was contested by Sunderland and Preston North End at Wembley. Sunderland won 3–1, with goals by Bobby Gurney, Raich Carter and Eddie Burbanks. Frank O'Donnell's strike on 44 minutes had put Preston ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="19683413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683413" title="Bisbee Municipal Airport">
Bisbee Municipal Airport

Bisbee Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southeast of the central business district of Bisbee, a city in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Bisbee Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 4,780 feet (1,457 m) above mean sea level. It has two runways: 17/35 is 5,929 by 60 feet (1,807 x 18 m) with an asphalt pavement; 2/20 is 2,650 by 110 feet (808 x 34 m) with a dirt surface.
For the 12-month period ending April 16, 2008, the airport had 4,900 aircraft operations, an average of 13 per day, all of which were general aviation. At that time there were 15 aircraft based at this airport: 87% single-engine and 13% ultralight.

</doc>
<doc id="19683421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683421" title="Kristell Lowagie">
Kristell Lowagie

Kristell Lowagie (born 6 March 1980) is a Belgian singer and songwriter.
Biography.
Lowagie was born in Brussels. 
She led the gothic/symphonic metal bands Valkyre and Skeptical Minds. She also worked on her solo project Joliet, an electro-pop music; and gave her voice for The Road To Consciousness project, a metal opera. She's now the lead singer of the band Lovelorn Dolls, a dark rock band from Belgium, signed in 2012 on Alfa Matrix label.
Lowagie started singing at age 20, with Adams-Stokes, a Belgian pop-rock band. Together they performed concerts throughout Belgium, and they were in the finals of the Belgian Emergenza contest in 2001.
In 2002, Lowagie was asked by Vincent Lacrosse to join his project Skeptical Minds, an industrial electro metal music. The band played in big metal festivals, together with bands like Epica, Lacuna Coil, After Forever and Leaves' Eyes. They recorded the album "Rent to Kill", and were signed on the US label Sirenette Music Industries. Lowagie left the group in December 2007.
In 2008, Lowagie sang with Valkyre, a symphonic metal band from Belgium. She then started her own musical project, Joliet and in March 2008 a first EP "Wandering My Path". She also worked on a second EP with Steph Debruyne from the band Joshua.
In 2009, Lowagie was asked to sing for the rock-metal opera The Road To Consciousness. That's where she met her new musical partner Bernard Daubresse. In 2010, they started working on their new band, Lovelorn. The band released a first EP in 2011. Their album will be out in winter 2013 under Alfa Matrix label.
Family.
Lowagie is a distant cousin of the singer-songwriter Bob Geldof, lead singer of the Irish rock band The Boomtown Rats in the late 1970s and early 1980s and organiser of the charity super-concert Live Aid, and thus related to Peaches Geldof and Pixie Geldof, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19683423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683423" title="Vijay Mary High School">
Vijay Mary High School

The Vijay Mary High School, Bowenpally, is a school in Bowenpally, Secunderabad in Andhra Pradesh, India.
It was established in 1980 as a school for the members of the Indian aristocracy. Children are schooled from pre-primary school through the 12th standard (age 3 to age 17). The school is affiliated with the SSC (Andhra Pradesh State School Board).
History.
The Institution was established in 1980 at Bno-186, Plassey Lines, Bowenpally, but relocated to Center Point, Bowenpally. It was the first private school established in Bowenpally Cantonment Area. It is a co-educational school. 
The school now has about 1000 boys and girls on its rolls. It has a library, science and computer laboratories, art rooms, carpentry and book-binding workshops, a music room, and sports facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19683428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683428" title="The Hill (album)">
The Hill (album)

The Hill is the twelfth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1987 and features performances by Murray, Richard Davis and Joe Chambers.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Brian Olewnick awarded the album 3 stars stating "The Hill offers an accurate snapshot of Murray in the mid-'80s, straddling the mainstream and avant-garde and proving himself quite adept in either.".

</doc>
<doc id="19683434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683434" title="2nd century in Ireland">
2nd century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19683454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683454" title="Burhaniyya">
Burhaniyya

The Tariqa Burhaniya is an order within sufism. It was founded by Sayyidi Abul Hasan ash-Shadhuli and Sayyidi Ibrahim al Disuqi in the 13th century. The order's full name is Tariqa Burhaniya Disuqiya Shadhuliya, referring to its founders. Burhan-u-din is a surname of Sayyidi Ibrahim al Disuqi and means "evidence of religion". The order has a registered charity in the UK,
Tariqa Burhaniya D'suqiyya Shazuliyya (tbds); Registered Charity Number: 1041647.
The order was renewed by the Sudanese Sheikh Mawlana Mohamed Osman Abdu al Burhani (1902–1983), and its leadership passed first to his son Sheikh Ibrahim, and since 2003 to his grandson Sheikh Mohamed.
The Tariqa Burhaniya Disuqiya Shadhuliya.
Burhaniya is the sufi order of Sayyidi Ibrahim al Qurashi al Disuqi (13th Century A.D.), the fourth of the great sufi sheikhs and founders of sufi orders (aqtab)أقطاب. The spiritual line of the Burhaniya sheikhs traces back to the Islamic Prophet Mohammed. The most important chain links are:
Sayyidi al Shaikh Mohamed Ibrahim Mohamed Osman 
Sayyidi al Shaikh Ibrahim Mohamed Osman
Sayyidi al Shaikh Mohamed Osman Abdu al Burhani
Sayyidi Ahmad Arabi al Sharnubi
Sayyidi Musa Abu al Imran 
Sayyidi Ibrahim al Qurashi al Disuqi 
Sayyidi Abul Hasan al Shaduli 
Sayyidi Abdu al Salam ibn Bashish
Sayyiduna wa Maulana al Imam al Husain 
Sayyiduna wa Maulana al Imam al Ali 
Ziyadatan fi Scharaf al Mustafa

</doc>
<doc id="19683478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683478" title="Calloway County School District">
Calloway County School District

The Calloway County School District is located in Calloway County, Kentucky, United States and is the educational home to over 3000 students. The district operates an award winning pre-school, three elementary schools, one middle school, and Calloway County High School.
Calloway County High School offers many elective courses and extra-curricular activities including FFA, Technology Students of America, Drama Club, Choir, and Band (2-time State AAAA runner-up). Calloway were state championships in Fast Pitch Softball in 2004 and Regional Champions in Boys Track & Field in 2009. Rachel Adams was the state high jump champion for 3 years in a row (2006 through 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19683497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683497" title="Howard Broad">
Howard Broad

Howard George Broad, CNZM (born 1957) was the thirtieth New Zealand Commissioner of Police, serving from 2006 to 2011. He is a former career police officer, working in uniform and as a detective for eighteen years, before moving into senior roles at the Police National Headquarters in Wellington. As commissioner, he successfully completed rewriting the policing law, the introduction of tasers, and survived a number of controversies in the media.
Broad has an LLB degree from the Victoria University of Wellington, and was admitted as a barrister and solicitor by the New Zealand Law Society. He joined the police as a cadet in 1975, and was a beat officer for two years before entering the CIB. He has certificates in Police Management from New Zealand, Canada, and the United States. In the 2011 Queen's Birthday Honours, Broad was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services as Commissioner of Police.
District Commander.
Broad was District Commander of Auckland City Police District from 1998 to 2003. In June 1999 he surprised colleagues by revealing details of his contract, which included performance-based portion of −5 to +8 percent.
Auckland Mayor Christine Fletcher was sent a suspicious letter featuring a photo of a woman wielding a pistol and containing two lumps in October 2000. Broad personally took charge of the case, and checked with the mayor if she had received any other threatening communications. The letter turned out to be a false alarm, after being x-rayed police deemed it safe to open, and discovered a theatre invitation and lollies. In December that year the Minister of Police George Hawkins told 57 Auckland police including Broad to return their cellphones, as part of a cost-cutting exercise. Police Association president Greg O'Connor, and opposition police spokesman Brian Neeson, who suggested police would next be sharing teabags, derided the move.
For his work as the principal law enforcement member with Netsafe, the national multi-agency Internet safety programme, the Society for the Policing of Cyberspace (Canada) named him the 2002 inaugural winner of the International Law Enforcement Award.
He managed large security operations in Auckland, including the 11th APEC meeting (requiring protection of the President of the United States), and "Operation Marlin II" for the 2003 America's Cup in Auckland.
Broad received a six-month secondment to the Home Office Police Standards Unit in London from September 2003 to March 2004, where he studied British policing procedures and technology, including a vehicle registration plate identification system.
Commissioner.
Minister of Police Annette King announced Broad's appointment as Commissioner of Police on 4 April 2006, succeeding acting commissioner Steve Long, and with the support of opposition politicians. The government tasked him with rewriting the Police Act 1958, which was realised on 1 October 2008 with the Policing Act 2008. He stated one of his goals as commissioner would be restoring public confidence in the police, and that youth gangs were an "area of opportunity" to prevent future crime.
Broad launched the Police Electronic Crime Laboratory in Wellington on 24 September 2007, with a cellphone text message. He said "Crime is being increasingly committed in what is effectively the cyberspace wild west, a borderless environment where traditional policing methods are often no longer effective.", and stated the resource would let police better track criminals using the internet and electronic devices.
For New Year 2008, the busiest night of the year for police, he joined front-line officers on the beat in Christchurch, where there were 32 arrests.
Broad paid tribute to Sergeants Derek Wootton and Don Wilkinson, officers killed separately in the line of duty in 2008. He announced he would be reviewing the Arms Act, as the air rifle suspected of causing Wilkinson's death could be purchased over the counter without a licence.
Commission of Inquiry.
A Commission of Inquiry into Police Conduct launched by Prime Minister Helen Clark and headed by Dame Margaret Bazley ran from 4 February 2004 to 26 March 2007, with the objective to investigate the way in which New Zealand Police had dealt with allegations of sexual assault by members of the police and associates. It investigated 313 complaints of sexual assault made between 1979 and 2005, 141 of which were serious enough to lay criminal charges. Broad unequivocally and unreservedly apologised for the damning findings of the report, saying, "I acknowledge the hurt and harm that has been done to you, your families and supporters. I am truly sorry that these few of our number have caused so much pain and grief that undermined that sense of high expectations New Zealanders rightly have of their police". He publicly committed to implementing 48 recommendations relating to the police, and assisting with the 12 relating to the Police Complaints Authority.
Anti-terror raids.
A major police operation during his term was the 2007 New Zealand anti-terror raids. When police conducted the dawn raids he announced they were necessary in the interest of public safety, that those arrested on 15 October had used firearms and other weapons at the military-style training camps. He told reporters, "I believe this is domestically oriented. I don't have evidence there is an international connection to this." Three hundred police were involved, resulting in the seizure of four guns and seventeen arrests. On 8 November, Solicitor General David Collins declined to prosecute under the Terrorism Suppression Act, citing insufficient evidence. In the aftermath Ruatoki residents wanted utu (revenge) in the form of Broad's resignation, a call echoed by the Māori Party and Global Peace and Justice Auckland. Broad spoke at a Wainuiomata Marae hui in March 2008, saying, "That there is hurt, I understand that, I understand how that happened and I deeply regret that." A Māori Party spokesperson said the speech was "a good start".
Tasers.
The New Zealand police ran two trials examining the introduction of tasers, before Broad authorised their general use on 28 August 2008. The previous day he had taken the decision to parliament seeking input — opposition politicians and the Police Association criticised him and the Labour government for diverting attention away from other political issues and needing government help to make a decision. He declined a request by a TVNZ journalist to be tasered himself.
Media incidents.
The May 2007 issue of Investigate magazine revealed that in a pornographic film involving bestiality with a chicken screened at Broad's home in 1981. He acknowledged the film was shown but stated he only learnt about it afterwards and did not approve.
A 2008 investigation by the Independent Police Conduct Authority cleared Broad of allegations he had "pulled rank" to avoid being breath tested in 1992. A detective inspector in Christchurch at the time, he returned a positive breath alcohol test. The traffic officer told him to leave the car and walk, standard practice at the time, according to the inquiry. He reported the incident to his superior the following morning.

</doc>
<doc id="19683546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683546" title="Hernán Ergueta">
Hernán Ergueta

Hernan Ergueta, (Born June 5, 1974) is a Bolivian musician, songwriter, composer and multi-instrumentalist (Darbuka, Accordion, Baglama, Oud, Guitar, Finger cymbals, Musical Keyboard). His compositions can be categorized in the world music, not only because of his lyrics in a diversity of languages but also for his musical influences of different cultures: Middle East, Balkans and Latin music. Through the beat of each Album, he mixes traditional and local cultures in a new world culture that doesn't show nations but human beings as free individualities.
From a very early age he has been part of a variety of musical fusion bands and Belly Dance companies playing shows in several countries of Latin America and Europe. In the 2003, he founds and directs the musical project called Madre Tul whom he recorded the following albums: ¨Madre Tul¨ (Bolivia, 2006); ¨Frases Aladas¨ (Spain and Bolivia, 2009). The Singles: ¨Dawn after Dawn¨ (Turkey, Spain and Bolivia, 2009); ¨The Glow¨ (Turkey and Bolivia, 2010). In 2010 he starts with the publication of educational materials and with the instruments, composition, music theory and rhythms for Middle East dance workshops in different countries. 
In 2011 he brings out the first volume of the audiobook series: World´s Rhythmology "Rhythms from Maqsoum", edited in English and Spanish, as well as his first solo album "Instrumental Mandjet" (Spain and Ecuador, 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19683549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683549" title="Power creep">
Power creep

Power creep is the gradual unbalancing of a game due to successive releases of new content. The phenomenon may be caused by a number of different factors and, in extreme cases, can be damaging to the longevity of the game in which it takes place. 
As new expansions or updates are released, new game mechanics or effects are introduced, making it increasingly difficult for older content to remain in balance without changes. Usually, this means new content releases grow successively more powerful while older content becomes regressively outdated or relatively underpowered.
This term is used outside games as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19683550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683550" title="Boswell Bay Airport">
Boswell Bay Airport

Boswell Bay Airport is owned by the U.S. Forest Service and is located near Boswell Bay, in the Valdez–Cordova Census Area, Alaska of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airfield was constructed in 1968 to serve the nearby White Alice radar site, now abandoned.
Facilities and aircraft.
Boswell Bay Airport has one runway designated 4/22 with a 2,612 by 100 ft (796 x 30 m) gravel surface. For the 12-month period ending August 14, 1985, the airport had 400 aircraft operations, an average of 33 per month: 63% air taxi and 38% general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19683566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683566" title="Commissioner of Police (New Zealand)">
Commissioner of Police (New Zealand)

The Commissioner of Police is the head of the New Zealand Police. The Commissioner is appointed for a three-year term by the Governor-General, and reports to the Minister of Police. The position combines two functions, that of chief constable in charge of policing and cases, and chief executive responsible for assets and budgeting. In military terms, the rank is equivalent to Lieutenant General.
The Police Force Act 1886 split the police from the standing army and militia on 1 September 1886. Sir George Whitmore was appointed as the first commissioner, reporting to the Minister of Defence. Early commissioners came from the United Kingdom with military or law enforcement experience, such as Walter Dinnie, who had served as Inspector at Scotland Yard.
In 2006, the commissioner was the highest paid person on the public payroll in New Zealand, earning $440,000.
List of Commissioners.
</ol>

</doc>
<doc id="19683580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683580" title="Zazen Extasy">
Zazen Extasy

"" is a live show by Japanese music artist Shiina Ringo. It was performed at Kaho Theatre (, a playhouse in Iizuka City, Fukuoka, on July 30, 2000. The official name is ""
It was released as a live DVD as part of the celebration for the 10th anniversary of her debut on September 17, 2008, by EMI Music Japan.
Outline.
The show was a one-night-only performance at Kaho Theatre in Iizuka in Fukuoka Prefecture. That same prefecture also houses her hometown of Fukuoka. Kaho Theatre is built in a traditional Japanese architecture style, and is different from a normal concert hall; it can only accommodate 1,000 people, so tickets were sold in a lottery, which sold out despite the high price of tickets (10,000 yen or roughly $100). She was pregnant at the time, but had not yet gone on maternity leave. Because tickets sold out, the fans who had not been able to purchase one bid on them in auctions at more than several times the regular price. Because so many fans could not get tickets or were not able to travel to Fukuoka, Toshiba EMI broadcast this live streaming on the Web. 17,300 people accessed the streaming live site at once, establishing a record in Japan for the time.
Ringo invited fans who had lost the ticket lottery to come play an extra in the filming of the PV for Yattsuke Shigoto on July 28, when the band members had a dress rehearsal before the public performance. No music was recorded live at the filming, and the sound source used in the video is the recording from the performance at Shibuya Public Hall on April 28, 2000 from the "Gekokujou Xstasy" tour, so at the end of the video you hear the beginning of the next song "Benkai Debussy." She asked all the guests to wear as many red clothes as they could on that day. She was inspired by the vocalist of a rock band who once told his guests to "Wear black to tomorrow's show," and then he was the only one not wearing black. She found this idea amusing.
The scenic design and stage effects were Japanese style and used the shoji etc. All members of her backing band, Gyakutai Glycogen, wore yukata, same as Ringo. She crucified onstage a mannequin wearing a dress like the bandage which she had worn in the former nationwide tour "Gekokujou Xstasy." She also used this Japanese-style idea in her future nationwide tour "Sugoroku Ecstasy" which was recorded and released on DVD as "Electric Mole". A photograph of this day is exhibited in HP of Kaho Theatre.
Set list.
Encore
All concerned.
Cinematographer
Promoter
Cooperator

</doc>
<doc id="19683595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683595" title="Dagfinn Habberstad">
Dagfinn Habberstad

Dagfinn Habberstad (born 18 December 1941) is a Norwegian trade unionist and civil servant.
He was born in Asker. He was a leader of the trade union Norsk Tjenestemannslag from 1978 to 1988. From 1988 to 1994 he served as director of the Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority. After this he has been an advisor in the same organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19683616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683616" title="EASTinternational">
EASTinternational

EAST"international" is an open submission exhibition that was launched in 1991 and takes place at the Norwich University of the Arts. Applications from over 1,000 contemporary artists are received each year with approximately 25-30 artists selected to exhibit. Many artists who are now recognised as important figures had one of their first major public showings at EAST including Martin Creed, Jeremy Deller, Matthew Higgs, Tomoko Takahashi, Zarina Bhimji, Lucy McKenzie and Runa Islam. Some of these have gone on to win, or be nominated for, the Turner Prize.
Selectors.
Selectors for each EAST are invited by Lynda Morris (EAST curator) and the EAST steering committee to reflect emerging political, social and artistic trends.
2009 Raster and Art and Language2007 Matthew Higgs and Marc Camille Chaimowicz2006 Jeremy Deller and Dirk Snauwaert2005 Gustav Metzger2004 Neo Rauch and Gerd Harry Lybke2003 Toby Webster and Eva Rothschild2002 Lawrence Weiner and Jack Wendler2001 Mary Kelly (artist) and Peter Wollen2000 Keith Piper (artist) and Sebastian Lopez1999 Peter Doig and Roy Arden1998 Alan Charlton and Michel Durand-Dessert1997 Nicholas Logsdail and Tacita Dean1996 Richard Long and Roger Ackling1995 Giuseppe Penone and Marian Goodman1994 Jan Dibbets and Rudi Fuchs1993 David Tremlett and Konrad Fischer1992 Helen Chadwick and Marjorie Allthorpe-Guyton1991 Alexander Moffat and Andrew Brighton
EAST award winners.
An award of £5,000 is given to an artist chosen by the selectors to help develop their work.
2007 Patricia Esquivias2006 Jarrett Mitchell, Ruth Ewan2005 Award shared amongst all artists2004 Justin Mortimer2003 Richard Hughes2002 Adam Blumberg, Clare Iles, Daniel Milohnic/Dirk Paschke, Hiraki Sawa, Jessica Jackson Hutchins2001 Zarina Bhimji2000 Jananne Al-Ani, Hew Locke1999 Lucy McKenzie1998 Martin McGinn1997 Tomoko Takahashi1996 Jacqueline Mesmaeker1995 Mary Evans1994 Stephanie Smith1993 Kenny Hunter1992 Victoria Arney, Naomi Dines1991 Alexander Guy

</doc>
<doc id="19683617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683617" title="Ng Woon Lam">
Ng Woon Lam

Ng Woon Lam ( 黄运南 ) is a full member of National Watercolor Society NWS and American Watercolor Society.
He showed in National Watercolor Society eightieth and eighty-second international exhibition, American Watercolor Society 139th, 140th and 142nd international annual show, 2003 Florence Biennale
He learnt from Singapore Master Watercolour Artist Mr. Gog Sing Hooi, late and founding president of Singapore Watercolour Society, Associate Professor Emeritus Cheng-Khee Chee (University of Minnesota at Duluth)
His painting style carries Chinese calligraphic strokes; showing strong influence from master Singapore Watercolour Artist Gog Sing Hooi
His philosophy of image making is derived from Taiji (太极) philosophy. He is constantly searching for balance and harmony in the dynamic image making process. This is similar to the fundamental building of Chinese Painting
He is currently teaching in the Nanyang Technological University's School of Art, Design and Media
Major awards.
He contributed to major art journals: Watercolor Magic, The Artist's Magazine and International Artist
His watercolor artwork Trafalgar was included in Watercolor Splash 8 New Discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="19683618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683618" title="Marlboro County Jetport">
Marlboro County Jetport

Marlboro County Jetport , also known as H.E. Avent Field, is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Bennettsville, in Marlboro County, South Carolina, United States.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned BBP by the FAA and BTN by the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Marlboro County Jetport covers an area of at an elevation of 147 feet (45 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 7/25 with a 5,000 by 75 ft (1,524 x 23 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending May 16, 2008, the airport had 3,760 aircraft operations, an average of 10 per day: 98% general aviation and 2% air taxi. At that time there were 13 aircraft based at this airport, all single-engine.
History.
Opened on 8 October 1941. Known as Bennettsville Airport and Palmer Field. Began training United States Army Air Corps flying cadets under contract to Georgia Air Service, Inc & Southeastern Air Service, Inc., under 53d Army Air Forces Flying Training Detachment (later 2152d Army Air Force Base Unit). Assigned to United States Army Air Forces East Coast Training Center (later Eastern Flying Training Command) as a primary (level 1) pilot training airfield. Had a 4,700' irregular all-direction turf field for landings and takeoffs. May have had four auxiliary airfields, although none have been identified. Flying training was performed with Fairchild PT-19s as the primary trainer. Also had several PT-17 Stearmans assigned.
Inactivated on 16 October 1944 with the drawdown of AAFTC's pilot training program. Declared surplus and turned over to the Army Corps of Engineers on 30 September 1945. Eventually discharged to the War Assets Administration (WAA) and became a civil airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19683629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683629" title="Finn Hvistendahl">
Finn Hvistendahl

Finn Arild Hvistendahl (born 12 February 1942) is a Norwegian businessperson.
He graduated as siv.ing. in 1964, and worked in Norsk Hydro from 1966 to 1968, in Dyno Industrier from 1968 to 1971 and again in Norsk Hydro from 1971 to 1991. He was then CEO of Den norske Bank from 1991 to 1998. He was chairman of the board of Orkla from 2000 to 2001 and the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway from 2002. He was sacked in Den norske Bank, and received a golden parachute of .
He is a fellow of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19683630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683630" title="Tally counter">
Tally counter

A tally counter is a mechanical, electronic, or software device used to incrementally count something, typically fleeting. One of the most common things tally counters are used for is counting people, animals, or things that are quickly coming and going from some location.
Description.
A tally counter is usually made of metal and is circular in shape. Part of the circle is flattened out and contains a piece of clear plastic. Inside the counter are a number of rings with the numbers from 0 to 9 in descending order going clockwise. Most counters have four such rings, allowing the user to count up to 9999. A metal ring may be attached to aid in holding the counter, and usually half the ring is bent to fit flush with the counter.
The counter is activated by pressing a button located above the screen. This will cause the first ring to advance one number. When the count has reached 0009, then the second ring will be advanced one click and the first ring will come back to zero. To reset the counter, a knob is located on the side. This knob turns all the rings which are displaying the same number (usually zero). When the number displayed reaches the number on the remaining rings, then they will turn too, until the display is reset back to 0000.
Electronic tally counters are available, which use an LCD screen to display the count, and a button to advance the count. Some also have a button to decrement the count, for example if a mistake is made, or if counting a majority.
Uses.
The main application of tally counters is as people counters. At concerts, stadiums, etc., a person will stand by the door with a tally counter recording the number of people that enter. At amusement parks, the rides can only hold a certain number of people, so the operator may use a tally counter to keep track of the number of people who get on the ride. They are also used for traffic analysis, scientific research, counting inventory and on industrial lines as well.
Tally counters have also been used in religion to count prayers, often replacing traditional prayer beads. Shri Vidya initiates often use them to keep track of the number of repetitions of the Mula Mantra into which they are initiated. Sikhs may use them to keep track of the number of times they chant the Mul Mantar. Gaudiya Vaishnava Hindus may use tally counters to keep track of the number of times that they chant the Hare Krishna Mahamantra. Initiated devotees are required to chant a certain number of 'rounds' each day, each round consisting of 108 repetitions.
In Islam, people use a tally counter instead of prayer beads to praise Allah. The number of the praise words is usually 99 consisting of 3 parts (as it is said in the Qur'an that Allah has 99 names) but the number can vary according to what is being said.

</doc>
<doc id="19683666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683666" title="Bryan Marshall (ice hockey)">
Bryan Marshall (ice hockey)

Bryan Marshall (born January 20, 1983 in Livonia, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey player currently playing for Herning Blue Fox of the Danish AL-Bank Ligaen.
Playing career.
Marshall played Junior hockey with the Danville Wings of the NAHL before enrolling with the University of Nebraska-Omaha of the CCHA. In his senior year Bryan scored 43 points, resulting in selection to the 2007–08 CCHA Second All-Star Team and finishing second in all-time scoring for the Mavericks.
Bryan made his professional debut in the 2008–09 season. He was initially invited to the Colorado Avalanche training camp before signing with affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters of the American Hockey League. Bryan played in 50 games with the Monsters scoring 14 points and also played in a solitary game with ECHL affiliate, the Johnstown Chiefs.
In the 2009–10 season, after an unsuccessful try-out with the Kalamazoo Wings, Marshall signed with the Cincinnati Cyclones of the ECHL on October 28, 2009. After five games with the Cyclones his tenure was cut short as he was traded by Cincinnati back to the Johnstown Chiefs for Ryan Del Monte on November 10, 2009. In 51 games with the cellar dwelling Chiefs, he scored 17 goals for 36 points.
On July 23, 2010, Marshall left North America for Europe, signing a one-year contract with Danish team, Herning Blue Fox of the AL-Bank Ligaen. In a largely successful first season in Europe, Marshall led the entire Danish league with 79 points and was named to the Danish League All-Star Team, as Blue Fox won the Championship.
On May 27, 2011, Marshall left Herning to sign with German 2nd Bundesliga team, Heilbronner Falken on a one-year contract. Marshall scored at a point per game pace helping Falken finish the regular season in second place.
Marshall moved to his third European club in as many years on September 12, 2012, signing a one-year contract with Frisk Asker Ishockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen. Marshall score 19 points in 21 games with Asker before he was lured to return to former club, Herning Blue Fox of the Danish league for the remainder of the 2012–13 season on January 18, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19683673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683673" title="Atilla Özdemiroğlu">
Atilla Özdemiroğlu

Atilla Özdemiroğlu, aka Attila Özdemiroğlu, (born January 5, 1943 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish composer and arranger. He is best known for his award winning film scores in the 1970s and 1980s.
Career.
Özdemiroğlu got interested in playing music already in his early years. At his age of eight, he took private lessons on violin. Learning to play many music instruments such as flute, vibraphone, double bass and trombone, he participated at music events during his high school and university years.
In 1966, he moved to Istanbul and joined the music band Durul Gence 5. Later, Özdemiroğlu played in several other music groups and also for Turkish pop stars like Ajda Pekkan, Nilüfer, Kayahan and Sezen Aksu. One of his compositions, "Pet'r Oil", was selected for Turkey's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980. Özdemiroğlu was awarded five times for his film scores at the Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival and twice at the Adana Golden Boll Film Festival.
Personal life.
Atilla Özdemiroğlu married four times so far. He made his first marriage with Ayla at his age of 19. From this marriage that lasted eleven years, he has a daughter, Yaprak Özdemiroğlu, who became a film actress, and a son, Sarp Özdemiroğlu, who is also a composer and arranger. His marriage with Füsun Önal, a renowned pop singer, ended after only 1.5 years. He married then ballerina Lale Mansur, now film actress. After six years with her, he became an item with Müjde Ar, a famous film actress, which lasted 15 years. Since 1995, He is married to Hepgül Hepbir. Atilla Özdemiroğlu and his 31 years younger wife have together twin daughters, Lara and Lidya.

</doc>
<doc id="19683674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683674" title="Kurt Niedermayer">
Kurt Niedermayer

Kurt Niedermayer (born 25 November 1955 in Reilingen) is a German former footballer, now a coach. Niedermayer, who played in defence or midfield, played for Karlsruher SC, FC Bayern Munich, VfB Stuttgart, FC Locarno and SC Pfullendorf. He won one cap for West Germany in 1980. He managed SV Wacker Burghausen from 1992 until 2000 and was later a youth coach at Bayern Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19683677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683677" title="Colemore">
Colemore

Colemore is a village in East Hampshire about northwest of Petersfield. It united with Priors Dean to form the civil parish of Colemore and Priors Dean in 1932.
The former Church of England parish church of St Peter ad Vincula (""St. Peter in Chains"") dates from the 12th century. It is now redundant and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
The brothers John Greaves (1602-1652, mathematician), Edward Greaves (physician) and Thomas Greaves (orientalist) were all sons of a rector of the parish and born in the village. A later orientalist, Richard Pococke (1704-1765), was also the son of a rector of the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="19683679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683679" title="Bjørn T. Grydeland">
Bjørn T. Grydeland

Bjørn Trygve Grydeland (born 30 May 1949) is a Norwegian civil servant and diplomat.
He graduated as cand.polit. from the University of Oslo in 1979. He was deputy under-secretary of State in the Office of the Prime Minister from 1988 to 1992, and secretary-general there from 1992 to 2001. From 2001 to 2005 he was the Norwegian ambassador to the European Union in Brussels. From 2006 to 2007 he was a president in the European Free Trade Association Surveillance Authority, before returning to Norway as permanent under-secretary of State of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 2011, he was appointed Norwegian ambassador to Italy.
In 2008 he was proclaimed Commander with Star of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="19683689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683689" title="List of ship decommissionings in 2008">
List of ship decommissionings in 2008

The list of ship decommissionings in 2008 includes a chronological list of ships decommissioned in 2008.
__NOTOC__
<br style="clear:both;">
Sources.
http://www.navy.mil/search/display.asp?story_id=24165

</doc>
<doc id="19683691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683691" title="Jesús Elías">
Jesús Elías

Oscar Jesús Elías Lucero (born in Oruro in 1977) is a Bolivian cellist, classical guitarist, composer and conductor . He is the director of the Oruro Symphony Orchestra (2006–2008). His musical style is a combination of classical music and traditional Bolivian folk music.
Biography.
Jesús Elías was born in the city of Oruro in 1977. The son of a noted musical teacher Oscar Elías Síles, he went on to study classic harmony of the Italo-Bolivian composer Edgar Alandia and musical conducting and directing under Freddy Terrazas. He was a member of the Departmental Committee of Ethnography and Folklore of Oruro and of the Society of Geography and History of Oruro, all of which gave him important knowledge in traditional folk music. He then studied colonial music of the Altiplano region, and created transcriptions of Oruro baroque music. He was then a member of the group "Conjunto Típico Sajama", and then director of the baroque classical group, the "Ensemble Ad Libitvm".
On December 8, 2004, he was the founding member of the "Scuola Cantorum Oruro", a choir with pianist Marcela Tórrez. On 19 August 2006, he became director of the Oruro Symphony Orchestra, next to Augusto Guzmán, a prestigious director from Cochabamba.

</doc>
<doc id="19683692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683692" title="Hound (disambiguation)">
Hound (disambiguation)

A hound is a type of dog that assists hunters by tracking or chasing the animal being hunted. Other uses include:
Hound could also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19683702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683702" title="Kadavil Paulose Mar Athanasius">
Kadavil Paulose Mar Athanasius

First Metropolitan of Angamaly diocese ordained for the diocese of Kottayam after its formation in 1876 as per the decision of the historic Mulanthuruthy Synod. From 1891 onwards he assumed the additional responsibility of Angamaly, the largest diocese in the Malankara church. It was during the time of Kadavil Thirumeni the construction of the St. Mary's church at Thrikkunathu, Alwaye was completed. One of the last wishes of the Metropolitan was to start a seminary at Aluva for teaching Syriac and English for clergy as well as for the laity. With this in mind he donated all his remaining properties and assets to the seminary, which he inherited from his family.
On Saturday, 2 November 1907, Kadavil Paulose Mar Athanasius died at the age of 74. His mortal remains were interred in the northern side of the Madbho. Malankara Metropolitan Pulikottil Mor Dionysius Joseph led the last rites of the Metropolitan.
The tomb of the Metropolitan was later modified when the church was reconstructed by Kuttikkatil Paulose Mar Athanasius. The date of demise of Parumala Thirumeni, who died on November 2, 1902, also falls on the same date of demise of his close associate Kadavil Mor Athanasius Thirumeni.

</doc>
<doc id="19683708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683708" title="Giovanni Battista Lamperti">
Giovanni Battista Lamperti

Giovanni Battista Lamperti (24 June 1839 – 18 March 1910) was an Italian singing teacher and son of the singing teacher Francesco Lamperti. He is the author of "The Technics of Bel Canto" (1905) and source for "Vocal Wisdom: Maxims of Giovanni Battista Lamperti" (1931).
Life and career.
Giovanni Battista Lamperti was born in 1839 in Milan to Italian singing teacher Francesco Lamperti. He was a chorister at the great cathedral and studied voice and piano at the conservatory. A student and later accompanist for his father at the conservatory, Giovanni knew better than anyone else the method his father taught (which he claimed descended from the great castrato-teacher Antonio Bernacchi). Appropriating it for teaching his own students, Giovanni also began teaching voice at the Milan conservatory and then for 20 years in Dresden, followed by Berlin. His preferred teaching arrangement was having three or four students present at each lesson: each would get their turn while the others observed and learned thereby. He was said to be a strict, exacting instructor not given to flattery, but who enthusiastically praised his students upon exceptional achievement. Many of Giovanni’s students became international opera stars including Irene Abendroth, Marcella Sembrich, Ernestine Schumann-Heink, Paul Bulss, Roberto Stagno, David Bispham and Franz Nachbaur.
There was famously bad blood between the elder and younger Lamperti, eventually resulting in a bitter schism between the studios and followers of Francesco and Giovanni. A pupil of both Lampertis described the hostile situation thus:
Strange as it may seem, father and son never understood each other and were never on good terms. They were both high strung, highly temperamental, and perhaps got on each other’s nerves. At any rate, there was a jealousy between them that was never overcome. The father said that his son was no musician, and the son answered by saying: ‘At my father’s death he had great fame and no money; at my death I will have a reasonable about of fame and a large income.” When the misunderstanding between the two became unbearable the younger man went into the music profession for himself.
"The Technics of Bel Canto" is the only book (other than the maxims recalled and published posthumously by his pupil William E. Brown) that Giovanni ever wrote on his method.
He died in Berlin in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="19683714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683714" title="LLM01">
LLM01

The LLM01 (Laser Light Module 01) is an adaptive target acquisition module made by Oerlikon Contraves GmbH in Stockach, Germany. It is designed to be mounted with a metal integral quick release clamping adapter on the left side of the carry handle adapter of Heckler & Koch G36 assault rifles. It can also be attached to other firearms, such as the Heckler & Koch MP7 submachine gun and L85A2 assault rifle.
Operation modes.
The LLM01 offers the following "lighting and/or sighting" options:
The LLM01 is operated at the top of the module using a labelled rotary selector switch to switch the device on or off and select various lighting options. The device activation can alternately be performed by a pressure switch connected by cable to the LLM01 device, which can be attached at various positions on the G36 assault rifle or other firearm.
Both laser markers can be adjusted independently in azimuth and
elevation for adapting them to the firearm to which the LLM01 is fastened. The LLM01 is waterproof up to 20 m.
The German Army has started to field an upgraded variant of their basic G36 rifle variant, which has been allocated the in-service designation G36A2. The G36A2 upgrade kit consists amongst other features of a new handguard with three Picatinny rails and a handgrip with an integrated switch for operating the LLM01 laser light module.

</doc>
<doc id="19683718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683718" title="John Edwards (hymnist)">
John Edwards (hymnist)

John David Edwards (19 December 1805 – 24 November 1885) was a Welsh cleric and hymn-tune composer.
Life.
Edwards was born in Penderlwyngoch, Gwnnws, in Ceredigion in Wales. After education at Ystrad Meurig school, he attended Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1825 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1830. He was ordained deacon in 1832 and priest in 1833, serving as curate at Llansanffraid Glyndyfrdwy in Denbighshire and also in Aberdyfi in Merionethshire. In 1843, he was presented to the parish of Rhosymedre, Denbighshire by Sir Watkin Williams-Wynn, and he remained in this post until his death. He took music lessons from Dafydd Siencyn Morgan and was regarded as a good musician. He composed various hymns tunes, publishing a collection in 1836 under the title "Original Sacred Music", which was the first book of hymn-tunes for Anglican churches in Wales. A further collection was published in 1843. He wrote the hymn tune "Rhosymedre", later used by Ralph Vaughan Williams as the basis for one of his organ preludes on Welsh hymn tunes. He died at his nephew's house in Llanddoged on 24 November 1885, and was buried at Tal-y-llyn.

</doc>
<doc id="19683725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683725" title="Dajim">
Dajim

Dajim (), real name Suwitcha Suphawira (), (born January 15, 1977) is a Thai hip hop singer and rap artist.
Biography.
Before entering the music industry, Dajim worked at his father's video store and as a sales clerk at Tower Records. He later teamed up with his friend DJ Dig-it-all to produce his first album, "Hip Hop Underworld", and to start an underground record label, N.Y.U. Club. He began working as a DJ on Khao San Road around this time.
Controversy.
The offensive content of Dajim's songs led to his arrest in September 2001 under the controversial "social order" policies () of then-Interior Minister Purachai Piumsombun. In particular, the song "Sueak Thammai" (Why bothers?) ()became something of an anthem for club DJs in protest of new early closure laws, who would blast the song when authorities came to shut them down for the night. As a result, sale of his two independently-released albums was forbidden. He joined GMM Grammy's subsidiary label Genie Records in 2002, and released his third album, "Rap Thai", that same year.
When his early albums began to resurface for sale at Pantip Plaza and other locations, Dajim was arrested again in April 2002, but he claimed that this distribution was done without his consent or knowledge, and was either counterfeit goods or leftover stock of the banned albums.
Da Jim is best friends with the Swedish singer/songwriter Alea Karin, they met in Bangkok in 2009. She describes him as the big brother she never had.

</doc>
<doc id="19683729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683729" title="Blackwell–Tonkawa Municipal Airport">
Blackwell–Tonkawa Municipal Airport

Blackwell–Tonkawa Municipal Airport is a public use airport located in Kay County, Oklahoma, United States. The airport is five nautical miles (9 km) southwest of the central business district of Blackwell, Oklahoma and is owned by the cities of Blackwell and Tonkawa.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned BKN by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA (which assigned BKN to an airport in Birni Nkoni, Niger).
Facilities and aircraft.
Blackwell–Tonkawa Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,030 feet (314 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,501 by 60 feet (1,067 x 18 m).
For the 12-month period ending May 6, 2008, the airport had 2,400 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 200 per month. At that time there were 15 aircraft based at this airport: 100% single-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19683732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683732" title="Paulose Mar Athanasius">
Paulose Mar Athanasius

Paulose Mar Athanasius was Metropolitan of the Diocese of Angamaly in the Jacobite Syrian Christian Church. He was canonised as a saint of the Syriac Orthodox Church in 2004.
Kadavil Paulose Mar Athanasious entrusted Kochu Paulose Ramban(Kuttikkattil Paulose Mar Athanasious) the responsibility of completing the construction of seminary building. Within the next three years the seminary which is now known as Thrikkunnathu Seminary, was opened. Later when Kochu Paulose Ramban was ordained Metropolitan and assumed the charge of Ankamali diocese, he expanded the Seminary building again. It was he who brought many people to Alwaye from nearby villages and gave them land to construct houses around the seminary.
After serving the Church in Malankara for more than four decades, he died on 25 January 1953 at the age of 84.
Athanasiusis remembered by the Malankara Church with great veneration. Valiya Thirumeni loved his people and defended them until his last, leaving behind him a magnificent legacy. He dedicated his entire life for the cause of the Church and the society. People revere him as a saintly father; he is the pride of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Church. Fifty one years after his demise, on 19 August 2004, the Church beatified Mor Athanasius Paulose.
Mor Athanasius College of Engineering at Kothamangalam, Mor Athanasius High School at Nedumbassery, and Mor Athanasius English Medium School, at Puthencuriz, are some of the major institutions erected to his memory. The sandalwood cot used by Thirumeni is kept in a separate room of the office of his home parish, the Mor Sabor Mor Aphroth Church at Akaparambu. Many devotees visit the church, paying homage to the 
intercession.

</doc>
<doc id="19683746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683746" title="Shalom TV India">
Shalom TV India

Shalom Television is an Indian Christian television channel. It was launched in March 2005 by Late H.B. Moran Mor Cyril Baselios Catholicos, Major Archbishop of Trivandrum. It first transmitted through Insat 2E@ 83 degree East, before moving to Insat 4B. It is a digital channel broadcasting MPEG-2. The studio of Shalom TV is located in Peruvannamoozhi in Kozhikode district, Kerala. It broadcasts in Malayalam.
Shalom television broadcasts Christian programming in Asia, UK, Europe and the US. It is a non-profit organization that also publishes "Shalom Times", "Shalom Tidings" and "Sunday Shalom".
Network.
Shalom has associated itself with Eternal Word Television Network, transmitting programming 24 hours a day to 105 million homes in 110 countries and 16 territories on more than 3,400 cable systems, wireless cable, Direct Broadcast Satellite (DBS), low power TV and individual satellite users.
Central office.
The central office of Shalom TV is located near to the Peruvannamoozhi Dam area in the district of Kozhikode district.

</doc>
<doc id="19683747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683747" title="Second Winter Campaign">
Second Winter Campaign

The Second Winter Campaign was a failed military campaign by the Ukrainian National Army in October and November 1921 against Bolsheviks. It was the last campaign of the Ukrainian armed forces in post-World War I attempt to achieve independence of Ukraine.
The plan.
The plan of the Second Winter Campaign was bold and simple: to move into central Ukraine and unify the various partisan units therein. In late 1917, there were many independent units working in central Ukraine, including the anarchist Nestor Makhno in the central steppes. Together, the Army of the Ukrainian National Republic would then drive Bolshevik forces from Ukraine.
Participating units.
There were three main army groups which took part in the campaign.
The main group was known as the Volynhian group, and consisted of 800 men. It was under the command of general Yurii Tiutiunnyk, and the chief of staff was colonel Yurii Otmarshtain. The second group, known as the Podollian group, consisted of 400 men. It was commanded by Lt Col M. Palii and, later, Col S. Chorny. The third group, the Bessarabian group, under the command of general Andrii Huly-Hulenko, was based in Romania.
The campaign.
The biggest challenge that the campaign faced was lack of coordination of participating units. The plan itself was very bold: to move from bases in Western Ukraine into bolshevik-held central Ukraine and unify many of the partisan units. At the time, Bolshevik units were themselves poorly coordinated. Also, many partisan bands were working throughout Ukraine independently against Bolsheviks. This was especially common in the Zaporozhia region.
The Bessarabia group was active in Ukraine for only a few days, and then returned to Romania.
The Podillia group began the campaign on October 25, 1921, and met with early success. It first engaged and destroyed a soviet cavalry regiment, and used the captured equipment to transform itself into a cavalry unit. It continued on to the village of Vakhnivka, 60 km north of Kiev, before being forced back by soviet forces. It was forced to retreat west, and crossed the Polish border on November 29.
The Volynhia group began operations on November 4, 1921, and it also met with early successes. It won the city of Korosten, but was unable to defend it. When news of the retreat of the Podillia group became known, the Volynhia group was also forced to retreat west. However, it was encircled by Hryhorii Kotovsky's cavalry regiment near the village of Bazar. After a brief battle, most of the regiment was captured.
On November 22, 1921, 359 members of the regiment were executed by firing squad. The remaining prisoners were handed over to soviet authorities. Only 120 soldiers and officers escaped.
Outcome.
The Second Winter Campaign was the final battle by the Army of the Ukrainian National Republic against Bolshevik forces in Ukraine.
References.
Encyclopedia of Ukraine

</doc>
<doc id="19683751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683751" title="Earl Henry Airport">
Earl Henry Airport

Earl Henry Airport is a private-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Blackwell, in Kay County, Oklahoma, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Earl Henry Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 1,054 feet (321 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 17/35 with a 2,400 by 120 ft (732 x 37 m) turf and gravel surface. For the most recent 12-month period reported, the airport had 370 aircraft operations, an average of 30 per month: 68% general aviation and 32% military.

</doc>
<doc id="19683757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683757" title="Mánfa">
Mánfa

Mánfa is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
Settings.
Mánfa is situated in the Mecsek Mountain sin Southern Hungary. It can be reached by car along the No. 66 highway in the Kaposvár–Sásd–Magyarszék–Pécs line.
History.
The village is an old foundation from the Árpád age. In 1949 another village, Budafa was attached to it, and the united village was attached to the town of Komló, a mining town near Pécs. In 1991 people of Mánfa voted to separate from Komló and recently Mánfa is an independent village.

</doc>
<doc id="19683758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683758" title="Lamperti">
Lamperti

Lamperti is the surname of an Italian family of musicians. 

</doc>
<doc id="19683762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683762" title="Tendon cell">
Tendon cell

Vertebrates.
Tendon cells, or tenocytes, are elongated fibroblast type cells. The cytoplasm is stretched between the collagen fibres of the tendon. They have a central cell nucleus with a prominent nucleolus. Tendon cells have a well-developed rough endoplasmic reticulum and they are responsible for synthesis and turnover of tendon fibres and ground substance.
Invertebrates.
Tendon cells form a connecting epithelial layer between the muscle and shell in molluscs. In gastropods, for example, the retractor muscles connect to the shell via tendon cells. Muscle cells are attached to the collagenous myo-tendon space via hemidesmosomes. The myo-tendon space is then attached to the base of the tendon cells via basal hemidesmosomes, while apical hemidesmosomes, which sit atop microvilli, attach the tendon cells to a thin layer of collagen. This is in turn attached to the shell via organic fibres which insert into the shell. Molluscan tendon cells appear columnar and contain a large basal cell nucleus. The cytoplasm is filled with granular endoplasmic reticulum and sparse golgi. Dense bundles of microfilaments run the length of the cell connecting the basal to the apical hemidesmosomes.
References.
Krstić, R. V. (1984) Illustrated Encyclopedia of Human Histology, Springer Verlag, Berlin

</doc>
<doc id="19683790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683790" title="Henry Hunt (police officer)">
Henry Hunt (police officer)

Henry James Ellis Hunt, CVO, CBE (born c. 1919) was a British police officer in the London Metropolitan Police.
Hunt spent most of his early police service in East London and with Thames Division. After spending eight months as Commander (Traffic), he was promoted to Deputy Assistant Commissioner (Administration) in January 1969. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1971 New Year Honours. He was appointed Assistant Commissioner "B" (Traffic) in 1972. In January 1974 he moved to be Assistant Commissioner "D" (Personnel and Training), a post he occupied until 1978. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1976 New Year Honours and Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (CVO) in the 1978 New Year Honours, shortly before his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="19683798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683798" title="Blaine Municipal Airport">
Blaine Municipal Airport

Blaine Municipal Airport was a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.8 km) east of the central business district of Blaine, a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. Blaine Municipal Airport (AKA Dierks Field) was closed on December 31, 2008.
Facilities and aircraft.
Blaine Municipal Airport covered an area of at an elevation of 75 feet (23 m) above mean sea level. It had one runway designated 14/32 with a 2,539 by 40 feet (774 x 12 m) asphalt pavement. For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 8,000 aircraft operations, an average of 21 per day, all general aviation. At that time there were 23 aircraft based at this airport: 91% single-engine and 9% multi-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19683802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683802" title="Patrick Kavanagh (police officer)">
Patrick Kavanagh (police officer)

Patrick Bernard Kavanagh CBE QPM (18 March 1923 – 11 December 2013) was a senior British police officer.
Kavanagh was educated at St. Aloysius' College, Glasgow. He served in the Rifle Brigade from 1941 to 1943 and the Parachute Regiment from 1943 to 1946, ending his service as a Lieutenant.
He joined Manchester City Police as a Constable in 1946. He rose through the ranks to Superintendent, and in 1964 was appointed Assistant Chief Constable of Cardiff City Police. When it amalgamated to form South Wales Constabulary in 1969 he became ACC of the new force and was promoted Deputy Chief Constable in 1972.
On 1 January 1974, he was appointed Assistant Commissioner "B" (Traffic) in the Metropolitan Police and was awarded the Queen's Police Medal (QPM) in the 1974 New Year Honours. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1977 New Year Honours. On 1 August 1977, he was promoted to Deputy Commissioner. He retired in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19683808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683808" title="Oruro Symphony Orchestra">
Oruro Symphony Orchestra

The Oruro Symphony Orchestra () is a symphony orchestra based in Oruro, Bolivia. Under the directorship of Jesús Elías (2006-2008), they perform at the Teatro de la Casa Municipal de Cultura in Oruro. 
Background and history.
Following the foundation of the "Conservatorio Nacional de Música" in La Paz in 1907, a strong insurgency for musical movements in the main cities of Bolivia originated. In Oruro, the teacher Pedro Rodriguez Santa Cruz in 1914, became the first director to conform an orchestra. Nevertheless, it was not until 1921 that the city saw the orchestra established in Oruro, directed by the violin teacher Linen Cañipa Ferreira, being reorganized in October 1930 by the Italian teacher Franco Russo. Amongst the orchestra members were acclaimed musicians such as Adrián Patiño Carpio, Franz Walk, Francisco Molo, Adolph Hirschmann, the Forns Samsó brothers, the French cellist Ginet Rougeot, the French violinists Mathilde Heimberg and Lydia Bernardini, Abel Elías and others.
Reformation.
On August 19, 2006, the orchestra was refunded by a merger of classical musicians from the Ensemble Ad Libitvm, the Camacho of Oruro and the "Camerata Concertante" of Cochabamba. Gordito Jesús Elías became the director of the orchestra, and cellist Miguel Salazar, the violinists Jose Durán, Marcela Tórrez, and others joined its ranks. 
The Symphonic Choir of Oruro was also formed under the directorship of Jesus Elías. Later, in December 2006, the Youthful Symphony orchestra of Oruro was founded under the directorship of the prestigious teacher Marcela Tórrez Sahonero.

</doc>
<doc id="19683810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683810" title="1976–77 DFB-Pokal">
1976–77 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1976–77 was the 34th season of the competition. It began on 6 August 1976 and ended on 30 May 1977. 128 teams competed in the tournament of seven rounds. In the final FC Köln defeated Hertha Berlin 1–0 in a replay after the first game ended in a draw after 120 minutes. It was the only DFB-Pokal final ever to be replayed.

</doc>
<doc id="19683815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683815" title="Mamee Double-Decker">
Mamee Double-Decker

Mamee Double-Decker Berhad() is a Malaysian based company with interests in the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of snack foods, beverages, and other products. It has its registered office in Malacca. It distributes the Mister Potato and Mamee Noodles brands.
Mamee was incorporated on 3 August 1991 and was listed on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange's main board on 18 March 1992. Mamee-Double Decker will be delisted from Bursa Malaysia on Monday, 9 Jan 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19683818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683818" title="Hassop Hall">
Hassop Hall

Hassop Hall is a 17th-century country house near Bakewell, Derbyshire which is now operated as an hotel. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History.
The Manor was owned by the Foljambe family until the 14th century when it passed by the marriage of Alice Foljambe to Sir Robert Plumpton. His son Sir William Plumpton served as High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1453. The Plumptons sold the estate in 1498 to Catherine Eyre.
The manor house was substantially rebuilt in the early 17th century by Thomas Eyre. During this period the Eyres were strongly Royalist and during the Civil War the family allowed the Hall to be garrisoned by the King's Army. In 1646 the estate was sequestered by the Commonwealth and Rowland Eyre was obliged to compound at a cost of £21,000 for its return.
The house was rebuilt in about 1774. In 1814 it was inherited by Francis Eyre, who had wrongly claimed the title of 6th Earl of Newburgh.
The claim to the earldom was based upon the marriage of Francis Eyre (d. 1804) to Mary Radclyffe, daughter of Charles Radclyffe, 5th Earl of Derwentwater, (3rd son of Edward Radclyffe, 2nd Earl of Derwentwater) and Charlotte Maria Livingstone, 3rd Countess of Newburgh. Although Mary's brother and his son had succeeded as 4th and 5th Earl of Newburgh, Mary's claim (and therefore that of Francis) ultimately proved subordinate to that of a daughter by an earlier marriage.
In 1816-17 Francis Eyre built a Roman Catholic chapel next to the entrance lodge of the hall; the design, by Joseph Ireland, was based on that of Inigo Jones' St Paul's Covent Garden. The building was later transferred to the Diocese of Nottingham. From 1827 Eyre altered the house itself considerably, creating a substantial mansion with a south front of three storeys and seven bays alternately canted to full height, and a pedimented Tuscan order doorway.
In 1833 Mary Dorothea Eyre, who married Charles Leslie, inherited the Hassop estate. In 1919 the Leslie family sold it to Sir Henry Stephenson. The Stephenson family sold the house and grounds in 1975 to Thomas Chapman, who converted it into an hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="19683821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683821" title="Imperatoxin">
Imperatoxin

Imperatoxin I (IpTx) is a peptide toxin which comes from the venom of the African scorpion "Pandinus imperator".
There are two subtypes of this toxin:
Imperatoxin A.
The toxin comes from the venom of the African scorpion "Pandinus imperator". The structure of IpTxa consists of:
The molecular weight of the toxin is 3.7 kDa.
IpTxa acts on the Ryanodine receptors (RyR), which are intracellular Ca2+ release channels mainly known for their role in regulating Ca2+ release from the sarcoplasmatic reticulum of striated muscles. The peptide acts better on RyR type 1 than on type 3. RyR type 2 seems to be insensitive to IpTxa.
The part of the peptide that looks like the II-III loop of the (DHPR) binds directly to RyR and enhances ryanodine binding to trigger Ca2+ release.
Imperatoxin I.
The toxin comes from the venom of the African scorpion "Pandinus imperator". The structure of IpTxi consists of:
The molecular weight of the toxin is 15 kDa.
Like IpTxa, IpTxi acts on RyR.
When an action potential reaches the muscle, RyR channels open and Ca2+ becomes available in the cell to induce contraction. The presence of Ca2+ induces the large subunit of IpTxi to hydrolyze the Sn2 fatty acyl bond from the membrane of the sarcoplasmatic reticulum. This process is executed by PLA2 activity. The freed fatty acids bind to the RyR itself or to a closely associated protein linked to gating. Binding of the RyR induces blocking of the channel. When the concentration of free fatty acids is low there will be an incomplete block of RyR; higher concentrations will give a complete block.
Because IpTxi also works on the RyR channels of the heart muscles, it could potentially be used as a drug against arrhythmia. This has not yet been proven, and must be studied "in vivo" first.

</doc>
<doc id="19683832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683832" title="Patrick Kavanagh (disambiguation)">
Patrick Kavanagh (disambiguation)

Patrick Kavanagh (1904–1967) was an Irish poet.
Patrick Kavanagh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19683834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683834" title="East Worldham">
East Worldham

East Worldham is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is east of Alton; and south-west of Wyck. Hartley Mauditt and West Worldham are nearby, which along with East Worldham form the Parish of Worldham. The village is just east of the A31 road and contains the St Mary's Church and the Three Horse Shoes pub, amongst other buildings. Worldham Golf Course located just to west and Dean Farm Golf Course just to the east. For centuries the village and surrounding parish were owned by the Winchester College.
History.
Archeological findings in the fields between West and East Worldham reveal that the area has been visited and inhabited since at least the Palaeolithic era. An Iron Age Hillfort, dated to around 100 BC, lay on the summit of King John‘s Hill, to the east of East Worldham. The Romans built a road from Chichester to Silchester which passed below the hill over what is now Green Street and Pookles Lane.
The village is believed to have been part of "Werildeham", mentioned in the Domesday Book. There have been multiple spellings of the name, including Werildeham; Wardham, 11th century; Wirldham, 12th century; Verildham, 13th century; Verilham and YV'erlham, 14th century; and Wardelham, 16th century. 
For several centuries, the manor of East Worldham was held by the Venuz (or Venuiz) family, associated with marshall service, a sergeantry connected with the custody of the forests of Woolmer and Alice Holt. According to Samuel Tymms, "Robert de Venuz held the manors of East Worldham, in Hants, and Draycote, in Wilts, by the sergeantry of performing the office of Marshal. These manors, by the Domesday Survey, are said to be held by Geoffrey le Marshal. From the proximity of the period there appears little doubt but that this Geffrey left two daughters and coheiresses, married to Robert de Venuz and Gilbert le Marshal, which latter seems to have acquired the office indicated by his name, not however without a dispute from his co-inheritor, whose lands being held by virtue of serving the office, would entitle their holder to fill it." A dispute arose concerning the inheritance of the manor in the early part of the 14th century. The Patent Rolls noted that, as the result of a trial in 1329, it passed, on the death of Margery, widow of John Venuiz, to the Burghersh family. There is also a recorded release by Thomas, son and heir of John de Venuz, to Sir John de Burghersh, knight, of all his right in East Worldham manor. Thomas Chaucer married Matilda, daughter and coheiress of Sir John Burghersh, nephew of Henry Burghersh, Bishop of Lincoln, becoming the owner of the manor.
Documents indicate the Gurdons or Gordons occupied the village from at least the 13th century when Sir Adam de Gurdon held property. In 1472 the Gurdon holding was purchased by Winchester College who would increasingly grow to dominate the parish over the next 500 years. The Sandals holding later merged with the Gurdons and documents exist indicating the existence of the Sandals in 1255 and another in 1329, witnessed by a John de Sandale. For centuries, village life centred around the old farm holdings of the Manor; the Shelleys, Freres, Sandals and Gurdons (now merged into Old House Farm), and the Heathers, Clays, Porters, Park, Smiths and some descendants of these families continue to live in the village today and many old farm buildings still exist. The naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White immortalized the localities of the region, including East Worldham, in his "The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne" (1789). 
By at least the mid-19th century, East Worldham and most of the parish of Worldham was owned by both Winchester College and the Dutton Estate. From the early 1860s when Dr. Fell became vicar in the village, East Worldham underwent dramatic change, which the renovation of the church and additions of hop kilns to the local farms and the building of new cottages, most of which form the urban landscape of the village today. In 1892 Mr Hall of Alton, financed the "lowering of the gradients of Worldham Hill by smoothing out four sections", a steep hill which had caused many problems to the local inhabitants as it lay along the main road to the village. The first Parish Council meeting took place in 1894 in the schoolroom.
In May 1944, a Junkers JU188 was shot down by a Mosquito nearby and its debris was scattered across the nearby village of West Worldham, including the church wall. Later, the inhabitants had to be evacuated when a bomb fell into the field opposite Manor Farm, and had to be defused and removed by the Royal Engineers.
In 1962, the Dutton Estate holdings were sold to seven tenant farmers who retained the land they farmed but sold the remaining woodlands and properties.
Geography.
East Worldham is located in the eastern central part of Hampshire, in the southeast of England, southeast of Alton. It is situated at above sea level. The landscape is dominated by farmland and several woods such as Warner's Wood, Pheasant Wood to the south and Furzefield Copse, Rookery Copse, Great Wood, Tanner's Copse, Pondfield Copse, Monk Wood and New Copse to the north are in the vicinity as is the small hamlet of Wyck. Situated on the edge of a rock terrace, the chalk of Alton is on the west. The village slopes down abruptly to the gault adjoining Kingsley on the east. Oakhanger Stream adjoins the River Wey from East Worldham to Kinglsey. Lodge Hill, or King John's Hill, is the site of a hunting lodge of John, King of England; it is situated on an isolated eminence to the south-east of the parish by Woolmer Forest. Chloritic Marl, characterized as a narrow band at the base of the Chalk Marl, is seen in the lane leading from Alton to West and East Worldham, and also north-west of Selbourne. Blanket Street connects the village to West Worldham a mile to the southwest and Hartley Mauditt just beyond that. At East Worldham this road meets the B3004 road (Caker's Lane/Green Street) near The Three Horseshoes and is the main road passing through the village from the A31 road, leading to the A325 road in the east. The nearest railway station is Alton, northwest of the village.
Economy.
East Worldham contains roughly two thirds of the population of 336 people who live in the whole Parish of Worldham as of 2001. Most houses in the area date to the pre-20th century; however in recent times numerous farm buildings have been converted to housing and for industrial purposes. According to the parish website, there are now "two significant industrial developments within the parish". The local economy is based around agriculture, particularly cattle farming. Beef cattle, sheep, grain crops, and hops are the main sources of income, Farmers from the area Worldham traded in Southampton and Alton throughout its history. Most inhabitants are either retired or commute to nearby towns to work. Golf is also important to the local economy, with Worldham Golf Course located just to west and Dean Farm Golf Course just to the east. The Jalsa Salana, an annual convention held at Oaklands Farm nearby, attracts numerous people from surrounding areas. Red Bug Productions are based in the parish cottages along the main road.
Notable landmarks.
East Worldham contains 10 Grade II listed buildings. St Mary's Church is of Transitional Norman architecture and is a Grade II* listed building. Notable features include triple lancet windows, a small pointed tower, three bells, and stained glass by Hardman & Co.. The chancel was restored in 1864, and in 1865, the nave was rebuilt. During the late restoration, a stone monument, like a coffin, was found under the floor of the church, which contained the figure of a 13th-century lady. Magdalen College, Oxford is patron of the vicarage. A church school was built in 1864 upon a site donated by James Dutton, 3rd Baron Sherborne.
East Worldham House, a Grade II listed building, dates to the late 18th and early 19th century. The two storey house is made with ashlar walls, flat arches and stone cills. The entrance is located on the west side and features a Tuscan porch in the centre, with 5 windows, one of them large. The interior of the house contains Regency features, with a staircase, panelled doors in architraves, and several fireplaces. The coach house, 5 metres to the north of the house is also a listed building, dated to the early 19th century. It is made of malmstone ashlar, with the upper wall of the centre boarded with a hay loft door and has a hipped slate roof. Today this building functions as a garage and workshop.
The Old House Farmhouse on Shelleys Lane is believed by the parish authorities to have originally been the oldest building in the village, but the current building dates to only the 17th and early and late 19th century. The walls are made of coursed malmstone with brick dressings, rendered with a plinth. The roof is apparently unusual with the "northern half being of steeper pitch, both sections half-hipped, with a slate roof above the wing." It became a Grade II listed building on 1 May 1983. The Manor Farmhouse building, also a Grade II listed building, dates to the early 17th century, with alterations in the mid-19th century, containing Victorian window sashes.
The Sandals farm contains three cottages dated to the 17th century. Heather Cottage is another 17th-century cottage, with 20th-century additions to the rear, on Worldham Hill, noted for its thatched roof. It is believed to be named after William Heather, a resident mentioned in the 1665 Hearth Tax returns. It became a listed building on 18 July 1986. The Three Horseshoes Public House was first licensed in 1834 and is one of the main features of the village. It was rebuilt some 50 years later by Henry Newman. Also of note is the Rectory House on Wyck Lane, and the Oast House, just to the west of the rectory.

</doc>
<doc id="19683855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683855" title="11e régiment parachutiste de choc">
11e régiment parachutiste de choc

The 11e régiment parachutiste de choc ("11th shock parachute regiment), often called 11e choc, was a parachute elite regiment of the French Army. It used to serve as the armed branch of the SDECE. Its insignia, designed by lieutenant Dupas, features Bagheera in the moonlight and a golden wing. The motto is "Qui ose gagne" ("who dares wins"), in continuation of the tradition of the British Special Air Service.
History.
The "11e choc" was meant from the start to constitute a reserve of soldiers available to the French special services. The "11e choc" was initially composed of one single battalion, the "11e bataillon parachutiste de choc". From 1 September 1946, it was stationned in Mont-Louis.
In the aftermath of the Second World War, an "action service" of the SDECE was created by Jacques Morlane. It grouped veterans of the Second World War having served in the "Bataillon de Choc" of 1936, in the "1er bataillon de choc" (founded in 1943), or as SOE agents, as well as veterans of Indochina. 
In spring of 1947, Morlane sent R. Mautaint in Mont-Louis to train the new unit. Mautaint had authored numerous reports on SOE training that inspired that of the French services.
In July 1947, as the complement of the "11e choc" grew, Morlane nominated Paul Aussaresses to replace Mautaint. Aussaresses described his mission as "perform what was by then called 'psychological warfare', wherever it was necessary, notably in Indochina (...) I trained my men for clandestine operations, airborne or otherwise, that could range from building demolition to sabotage or elimination of enemies". From 1952, elements of the "11e choc" were sent to Indochina to lead and train the "Groupement de commandos mixtes aéroportés" (GCMA), though the 11e Choc did not take part in the conflict as a unit.
Back from Indochina in 1952, Aussaresses was tasked to assassinate supporters of the FLN. Morlane "was convinced that a Soviet invasion was imminent, and had been busy constituting secret weapon caches all over the territory so that, when time would come, a resistance could be organised".
On 1 October 1955, a "12e bataillon parachutiste de choc" was created. It was stationned in Calvi and Corte, in Corsica. Together, the 11th and 12th Battalions were the "11e demi-brigade parachutiste de choc" ("11e DBPC"), also formed on 1 October. The insignia of the "12e BPC" featured an eagle and a star on a parachute background.
In late October 1956, elements of both battalions took part in the Suez Crisis.
The "12e BPC" was disbanded on 30 April 1957 and immediately re-created as the "1er bataillon parachutiste de choc". Its insignia featured a dagger with a map of France as background, and its motto was "En pointe toujours" ("at the tip, always"). From 1 May 1957, the "11e DBPC" was thus constituted of the 11th BPC, the 1st BPC and the "bataillon d'instruction spécialisé" (BIS, "training special battalion"), based in Calvi, Corté, Collioure, and Mont-Louis.
During the Algerian War, the 11e Choc at first deployed a "groupement léger d'intervention" (GLI, "light intervention group"), and later a "groupement de marche" (GM 11.DBPC), as well as local antennas of the "action service", and a specialised detachment called DS 111. 
The "11e Choc" did not take part in the Algiers putsch of 1961, but some officers did sympathise towards the putschists. The unit was disbanded on 31 December 1963 and its standard handed over to the National Commando Training Centre at Mont-Louis. 
In 1985, general René Imbot, director of the DGSE, re-created the "11e Choc" as the "11e régiment parachutiste de choc" (11e RPC). In 1988, elements took part in the Ouvéa cave assault.
The restructuring of the French Intelligence and Special Operations organs following the Gulf War entailed the disbanding of the 11e RPC on 31 December 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19683867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683867" title="November 2008 in rail transport">
November 2008 in rail transport


</doc>
<doc id="19683870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683870" title="Best Ed">
Best Ed

Best Ed is a Canadian animated television series created by Rick Marshall. The series premiered in 2008 on Teletoon. The series chronicles the adventures of an overly helpful and enthusiastic dog named Ed and his best friend, Doug the squirrel, whom everyone calls "Buddy" because Ed refers to him as best buddy. They live in their fictional hometown of Swellville. Best Ed is produced by 9 Story Entertainment and animated using Adobe Flash software.
Overview.
The series follows two anamorphic animals, Ed and Buddy, a dog and a squirrel respectively, who live in the town of Swellville. Their adventures and sometimes mis-adventures usually cause them to interact with other characters. Overall, Ed tries to be happy and helpful at all times.
Characters.
Main.
Ed ed is a male Ed is overly enthusiastic and helpful, but rather dimwitted. He has many catchphrases, such as his trademark 'Yee!' and 'I'm here to help!', as well as 'Sacagawea!', 'Krakatoa!' and 'Well isn't that curious?' He has a speech impediment which makes him often say 'sh' rather than 's'. He has 'happy sandals', and is a frequent viewer of "The Mighty Measel Moles", a Star Trek parody, both of which Buddy hates. He has numerous skills. Much focus is drawn to his navel. He is well liked by everyone in the neighborhood, although he considers Buddy his best friend.
Buddy AKA Doug (voiced by Pat McKenna)– An orange squirrel. Buddy is more level-headed and intelligent than Ed. He suffers incredibly from the antics of Ed, and everyone else (through either neglect or abuse), and only ends the episode happily in two episodes. He still does consider himself good friends with Ed. Everyone else dislikes him. He enjoys nuts, and has a car with a giant acorn for a roof. He was part of a club devoted to the nerdy role playing game "Battle Buddies" awhile ago. His catchphrases are "No, please, no!" and 'It's Doug, actually'.
Recurring.
Mr. Thursty (Thurston Plumtickler III) (voiced by Kedar Brown)- A large, brown dog. Mr. Thursty is paranoid and aggressive. His sidekick is Eugene. He speaks with an African-American accent. He is very jealous of Buddy.
Miss Fluffé (voiced by Carolyn Scott)- A yellow hamster. Miss Fluffé resembles the stereotypical fortune teller, but this is not an often employed trait. She has a crush on Ed.
The Kitten Twins (Betsy voiced by TBA, Buster voiced by Tersa Marshall)- Pink cats. Betsy and Buster appear cute and innocent, but are the worst of the lot. They tend to speak at the same time and giggle a lot. They are very rich, due to their high paying jobs as top mitten testers. Also they ride unicycles as in "Best Ed The Movie".
Dr. Quacken (voiced by Jamie Watson) - A tall green duck who wears glasses and a white jacket. He is Ed and Buddy's family doctor. Whenever he gives Buddy the bill, he uses "duck bill humor" He loves playing golf, and does not know what club to use on the ninth hole.
Eugene Tuttle - A short, green and brown turtle. Eugene is frequently picked on by Mr. Thursty. He lives in a house shaped liked a shell, surrounded by a moat. He is the only non-mammal in the neighbourhood. He appears infrequently compared to everybody else in the neighborhood, and is shy and nervous. He has not been mean to Buddy yet.
Heiny - (voiced by Damon Papadopoulos)- A Scottish Terrier who wears a kilt and has a Scottish accent who is a crossing guard.
Whithey, Blakie and Red - Three squirrels who attended the same college as Buddy. The group host annual "Battle Buddy Weekends" with Buddy.
Episodes.
Pilot. "Fat Chance"
DVD Releases.
The series first came out in Australia, in two separate volumes.
In the UK, Fremantle Home Entertainment released a 2-disc set on TBA containing all 19 episodes from the TV Series (1). The original online episodes are not included.

</doc>
<doc id="19683877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683877" title="8th century in Ireland">
8th century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19683878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683878" title="Empshott">
Empshott

Empshott is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It lies 3.5 miles (5.5km) southwest of Bordon, its nearest town. The nearest railway station is 2.7 miles (4.4km) southeast of the village, at Liss. The village is home to the Holy Rood church which dates to the 13th century. Later additions include a Victorian bell-turret.
The famous Hambledon batsman John Small was born in Empshott in 1737.
Geography.
To the west the land rises steeply in a scarp formation known as the East Hampshire Hangars. Goleigh Hill (220 m) and Noar Hill (214 m) are two of the highest points in the county which forms parts of the Hampshire Downs.

</doc>
<doc id="19683880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683880" title="Volkswagen ARVW">
Volkswagen ARVW

The ARVW (Aerodynamic Research Volkswagen) concept car has been built by Volkswagen in the late 1970s specially as an object of aerodynamic research of the Volkswagen company to trace correlation between a vehicle body shape and fuel consumption at a high speed. A tuned six-cylinder turbodiesel engine and standard gearbox were used while the body was made from aluminium and composite materials. In 1980 it was the fastest diesel car in the world, reaching the top speed at 362.07 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19683914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683914" title="John Morris (Jesuit)">
John Morris (Jesuit)

John Morris, SJ (4 July 1826 – 22 October 1893), was an English Jesuit priest and scholar of Church history.
Life.
Early life.
Morris was born in Ootacamund, Tamil Nadu, then under the British Raj. He was a son of John Carnac Morris, F.R.S., an official of the East India Company who was also a noted scholar of Telugu, and of his wife, Rosanna Curtis. He was educated partly in India, partly at Harrow School, partly in reading for Cambridge with Dean Alford, the New Testament scholar. Under him a great change passed over Morris's ideas. Giving up the thought of taking the law as his profession, he became enthusiastic for ecclesiastical antiquities, took a deep interest in the Tractarian movement, and resolved to become an Anglican clergyman. 
Going up to Trinity College, Cambridge, in October 1845, Morris became the friend, and then the pupil of F. A. Paley, grandson of the well-known divine, and already one of the leading Greek scholars of the university. The conversion to Catholicism of John Henry Newman, followed by many others, impressed him, and he was converted by Bishop Wareing, 20 May 1846. 
A storm followed, beginning in "The Times", which made itself felt even in Parliament. Paley had to leave Cambridge (which led to his subsequently joining the Catholic Church), while Morris was practically cast off by his family. He then went to the English College, Rome, under Dr. Thomas Grant, and was there during the Revolutions of 1848. He was ordained a Catholic priest the following year, and returned to England.
Jesuit priest.
When Morris returned to England, he was initially stationed in Northampton, and later in Marlow, Buckinghamshire. Soon after the restoration of the English Catholic hierarchy in 1850, he was named a canon of the new Diocese of Northampton. He returned to Rome to serve as the Vice-Rector of the English College (1853–1856). During this period, he became postulator for the English Martyrs, whose cause for beatification he greatly advanced. Returning to England, he took part in the third Synod of Westminster, became secretary to Cardinal Nicholas Wiseman, whom he nursed on his death-bed, and then served under Wiseman's successor, Henry Edward Manning, until he left to become a Jesuit in 1867. 
Morris went to Belgium where he was admitted to the novitiate of the Society of Jesus in Louvain, and professed simple vows in 1869. He was then assigned to the Jesuit community in Roehampton, and became the first Superior of the Jesuit Mission in Oxford. He taught Church History from 1873–1874 at the College of St. Beuno, in Tremeirchion, Wales; he was the founding Rector of St. Ignatius of Loyola College in Luqa, Malta, in 1877. He returned to England in 1880 to serve as the Master of novices for the newly established English Jesuit Province, serving in that position until 1886. He was named a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London in 1889 and in 1891 he became the director of the staff of Jesuit writers at the Immaculate Conception Church, Farm Street, operated by the Jesuits in Mayfair.
Morris retired to Wimbledon, London, in 1893. He died there while preaching in the pulpit, uttering the words, "Render to God the things that are God's."
Works.
Morris' principal works are: 
and many contributions to "The Month", "The Dublin Review", "Archæologia", and other periodicals.

</doc>
<doc id="19683922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683922" title="Anton Shkaplerov">
Anton Shkaplerov

Anton Nikolaevich Shkaplerov, () (born February 20, 1972 in Sevastopol, Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian cosmonaut.
Personal.
Shkaplerov is married to Tatyana Petrovna, and they have two daughters named Kristina and Kira. His parents, Nikolay Ivanovich Shkaplerov and Tamara Viktorovna Shkaplerova, live in Sevastopol. His hobbies include sports, travel, fishing and golf.
Education.
Shkaplerov completed Yak-52 flight training at the Sevastopol Aviation Club in 1989. After graduation from Sevastopol High School in 1989, he entered the Kachinsk Air Force Pilot School graduating in 1994 as pilot-engineer. In 1997 he graduated from the N. E. Zukovskiy Air Force Engineering.
Experience.
After graduation Shkaplerov served as a senior pilot-instructor in the Russian Air Force. He has piloted Yak-52, L-29 and MiG-29 aircraft. He is a Class 2 Air Force pilot-instructor. He is also an Instructor of General Parachute Training, and has performed more than 300 parachute jumps.
Roscosmos career.
In May 2003 Shkaplerov was selected as a test-cosmonaut candidate of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center Cosmonaut Office. From June 2003 to June 2005 he attended basic space training and was qualified as a test cosmonaut in 2005.
From April–October 2007, Shkaplerov served as Director of Operations, Russian Space Agency, stationed at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas.
Anton was assigned as the back-up commander for Expedition 22.
Expedition 29/30.
Shkaplerov served as a Flight Engineer for Expedition 29/30 aboard the ISS.
Spacewalks.
On February 12, 2012, Shkaplerov and fellow cosmonaut Oleg Kononenko were scheduled to conduct a six-hour spacewalk outside the ISS. They were to install shields on the Zvezda Service Module to protect it from micrometeoroid orbital debris and move the Strela 1 crane from the Pirs docking compartment to the Poisk Mini Research Module (MRM-2). If time permits, the two cosmonauts were also to install struts on a ladder used by spacewalkers on the Pirs Docking Compartment. As another get-ahead task, they would possibly install an experiment called Vynoslivost on the Poisk Mini Research Module. As part of the Vynoslivost or "Endurance" experiment, two trays of metal samples would be left exposed on the surface of the Poisk Module.

</doc>
<doc id="19683933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683933" title="English Martyrs">
English Martyrs

The term English Martyrs is applied to two groups of people executed by either side of the English Reformation:
The term may also refer to the following schools and churches:

</doc>
<doc id="19683936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683936" title="Peter Pumm">
Peter Pumm

Peter Pumm (born 3 April 1943) is a former Austrian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19683941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683941" title="Princess Erika">
Princess Erika

Princess Erika (real name Erika Dobong'na, born on 5 April 1964, in Paris) is a French singer and actress with Cameroonian origins. She is particularly known for her ragga songs "Trop de bla-bla" ou "Faut qu'j'travaille".
Biography.
In 1982, Erika formed with her sisters a band named Blackheart Daughters, then joined the band Princess and the Royal Sound, with whom she made several tours, opening for Jamaican singer Dennis Brown. In 1988, she recorded "Trop de bla-bla" in London and achieved a minor success in France (#39 on the Top 50, but later, the song became famous for being used for a TV advert for MMA). Then, she released the single "Tendresse" and her first album in 1992. She also opened the concerts for Les Négresses Vertes. In 1995, she released her second studio album, "D'origine", and the lead single, "Faut qu'j'travaille", hit #15 in France. Two years later, she recorded a duet with Marc Lavoine, "Les Hommes sont des Femmes comme les autres". She participated in Les Enfoirés and wrote several songs for various artists such as "Embrasse-moi" for the Nubians. In 2004, she also participated in the compilation "Agir Réagir" intended to raise funds to help the Moroccans who lived an earthquake on 24 February 2002. In 2005, she was a contestant on the French TV reality "La Ferme Célébrités" to bring money for the African association "Routes du Sud". She then organized the four editions of the concerts "Les Voix de l'espoir", performed with many other artists in a charity goal. She covered the songs "La Vie en rose" and "J'ai encore rêvé d'elle" with Pierpoljak on the cover album "Il est 5 heures Kingston s'éveille". She was occasionally actress in films and theatre and played in "Le Petit Trésor", with Steevy Boulay and Vincent Azé. Erika had two children : Julien (born in 1982) and Oudima (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="19683951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683951" title="Dean Alford">
Dean Alford

Clarence "Dean" Alford (born July 17, 1953) is an American politician and businessman, a member of the Republican Party, a conservative, and a former member of the General Assembly in the U.S. state of Georgia. Alford is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Allied Energy Services and spokesman of Power4Georgians which seeks to develop several coal plants in Georgia. Alford is also the co-chair of the Pine 2 Energy Coalition.
Early life and education.
Alford graduated from Walker High School, which has since been renamed McNair High School, in DeKalb County in 1971. He then attended Georgia Tech, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering in 1976 and also served as the Chapter President of Beta Theta Pi ("Gamma Eta Chapter").
Business career.
Alford currently serves as the President and CEO of Allied Energy Services. According to Alford's professional biography, he has been personally responsible for the formation of six start-up companies. In addition, he has published numerous articles and lectured throughout the United States and Canada on the subject of energy policy and utility issues. Prior to joining Allied, Alford was the President and CEO of A&C Enercom, a full-service utility consulting firm that he founded in 1977. He employed over 700 people with 31 offices nationwide. Alford has also served as consultant to the U.S. Congressional Office of Technology Assessment on energy policy issues.
Legislative career.
From 1983 until 1993, Alford was a five-term member of the General Assembly in Georgia. Alford represented the 57th district, post 3, and served as Chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, Chairman of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority Oversight Committee, and as Chairman of the DeKalb and Rockdale County Legislative Delegation.
Other community involvement and recognition.
The City of Conyers presented Mr. Alford with the Community Spirit Award in 2001 and 2004. The Conyers-Rockdale Chamber of Commerce presented him with the 2001 Vision Leadership Award for his leadership and service to his community. The United Way Advisory Board of Rockdale County named Mr. Alford Volunteer of the Year for 2000. In 2002, he was presented with the Dr. Martin Luther King Humanitarian Award from Georgia Perimeter College and the Jefferson Award from the American Institute for Public Service for his work in the national expansion of the Miracle League. He previously served on the Advisory Board of Georgia Perimeter College’s Rockdale Campus, and currently serves on the Board of Trustee for Luther Rice University, the Woodward Academy Upper School Standing Committee. Mr. Alford was also responsible for the partnership between Georgia Tech and The Rockdale County School System in the creation of the Rockdale Math, Science, and Technology Magnet School and is a member of their advisory board. In 2005, Mr. Alford was inducted into the National Commission for Cooperative Education Hall of Fame. Alford is also an alumnus of the Regional Leadership Institute class of 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19683961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683961" title="Solvent casting and particulate leaching">
Solvent casting and particulate leaching

In solvent casting and particulate leaching (SCPL), a polymer is dissolved in an organic solvent. Particles, mainly salts, with specific dimensions are then added to the solution. The mixture is shaped into its final geometry. For example, it can be cast onto a glass plate to produce a membrane or in a three-dimensional mold to produce a scaffold. When the solvent evaporates it creates a structure of composite material consisting of the particles together with the polymer. The composite material is then placed in a bath which dissolves the particles, leaving behind a porous structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19683982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683982" title="Flagged revisions">
Flagged revisions

Flagged revisions is a software extension to the MediaWiki wiki software that allows moderation of edits to Wiki pages. It was developed by the Wikimedia Foundation for use on Wikipedia and similar wikis hosted on its servers. The term is also sometimes used for the editorial policies related to operation of that extension when active.
Detail.
Flagged revisions was a planned editorial policy of English Wikipedia aimed at "imposing a layer of editorial review on articles about living people". Wikipedia's co-founder, Jimmy Wales, originally urged Wikipedia to adopt the policy in January 2009 after the Wikipedia pages of Robert Byrd and Edward Kennedy were both vandalized to state, incorrectly, that they were dead. It was announced in August 2009, after a poll found that 80% of the users were in favor of it. It provides for "experienced volunteer editors" to approve changes to some articles. It is already in use in the German Wikipedia, where all articles are subject to this policy. In the English Wikipedia, a two-months initial trial took place in 2010. It was considered a possibility that all articles would be covered by this feature in the future, just like in the German Wikipedia. The New York Times remarked that the new policy divides Wikipedia users in two classes: "experienced, trusted editors, and everyone else—altering Wikipedia’s implicit notion that everyone has an equal right to edit entries". Brennon Slattery of PCWorld reported that "some bloggers" received the announced changes as a "failure" of the philosophy behind Wikipedia. According to the chairman of the Wikimedia board, Michael Snow, with this policy there is less tolerance for "inaccurate or fudged" articles. The feature is based on a plug-in for the MediaWiki software that prevents recent changes to wiki articles from being displayed to all readers until they have been ratified by editors with special permissions.
On June 14, 2010, English Wikipedia began a 2-month trial of a similar feature known as . In May 2011, this feature was removed indefinitely from all articles, after a discussion among English Wikipedia editors.

</doc>
<doc id="19683991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19683991" title="PBworks">
PBworks

PBworks (formerly PBwiki) is a commercial real-time collaborative editing (RTCE) system created by David Weekly, with Ramit Sethi and Nathan Schmidt joining shortly thereafter as co-founders. Based in San Mateo, California, United States, the company operates on a freemium basis, with basic features being offered for free and more advanced features for a fee.
PBworks' investors include Mohr Davidow Ventures and the Seraph Group, as well as angel investors Ron Conway and Chris Yeh.
History.
In 2005, David Weekly began developing software to build privately hosted wikis through a website, which he named "PeanutButterWiki" The company's original name stems from the concept that "making a wiki is as easy as making a peanut butter sandwich". The original beta test of PBworks was released for public comment on 31 May 2005.
The site was formally launched in June 2005. In early 2008 the company launched PBworks 2.0, an improved version with a new layout, more granular security, and a more easily customizable color scheme. PBworks also launched a Mobile Edition in early 2009.
In June 2008 the company hired Jim Groff, a former employee of Oracle Corporation and Apple Inc., for its new CEO. David Weekly, the former CEO, remains its Chief Product Officer and Chairman.
Today PBworks contains over 6.91 million pages of user content.
Software.
PBworks is hosted on an all-Linux cluster. PBworks uses its own proprietary software. It added WYSIWYG editing in early 2007, and limited HTML source editing in 2008. Since 2009, the wiki is entirely HTML based, and original wiki markup language is no longer supported.
Users can create free basic wiki workspaces, or upgrade to a premium plan to access additional features, such as enhanced security features, customization through CSS, and more storage space. Workspaces can be "public" or "private" (only viewable by those who have been invited to join the workspace).
The software is only available in English.
Usage.
A number of businesses and corporations use PBworks to create private wikis for employees; one case study described a legal firm which had transitioned to PBworks as a document management system in order to cut their IT costs. Major companies using PBworks as a host for internal documents include CafePress.com, Capgemini, Deloitte, the Financial Times, Kiva, and Wideload Games. Educational groups include the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago, the University of Wisconsin–Madison, Wayne State University, DePaul University, and University of Toronto.
Name change.
On April 28, 2009, "PBwiki" changed its name to PBworks (at the same time launching a new Legal Edition).

</doc>
<doc id="19684013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684013" title="Anagnota">
Anagnota

Anagnota is a genus of flies of the family Anthomyzidae. Currently there are four described species that occur in the Palaearctic region:

</doc>
<doc id="19684014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684014" title="Roland Grahammer">
Roland Grahammer

Roland Grahammer (born 3 November 1963) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19684015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684015" title="Fishing industry of South Korea">
Fishing industry of South Korea

Until the 1960s, agriculture and fishing were the dominant industries of the economy of South Korea.
Organizations involved in the development of the fishing industry in South Korea include:

</doc>
<doc id="19684027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684027" title="Municipal Alliance for Peace">
Municipal Alliance for Peace

The Municipal Alliance for Peace (MAP) is a network which exists to promote peace in the Middle East. It was set up in June 2005, at a conference in The Hague, to encourage municipal cooperation between Palestinian and Israeli local authorities through joint initiatives of the Association of Palestinian Local Authorities (APLA) and the Union of Local Authorities of Israel (ULAI). The MAP seeks to involve municipalities in other countries to cooperate in these joint projects.
It is run by a Board, composed of the following members :
- Association of Palestinian Local Authorities (APLA)
- Union of Local Authorities of Israel (ULAI)
- UNDP Programme of Assistance to the Palestinian People (UNDP/PAPP)
- United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG)
- Federation of Canadian Municipalities (FCM)
- European Network of Local Authorities for Peace in the Middle East (ELPME)
- City of Hamar
- City of Rome
- City of Barcelona
- City of Cologne.
At the first World Conference on City Diplomacy, in The Hague in June 2008, a detailed presentation of MAP was given as a case study in this type of cooperation.
The Alliance secretariat has an office in Jerusalem. It issues a regular newsletter.
MAP Secretariat : c/o UNDP/PAPP, Jerusalem. Phone: 00972-2-6268200. E-mail: map@undp.org

</doc>
<doc id="19684065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684065" title="John A. Dramesi">
John A. Dramesi

Colonel John Arthur Dramesi (born February 12, 1933) is a retired U.S. Air Force officer who was held as a prisoner of war at the Hanoi Hilton in North Vietnam during the Vietnam War. Dramesi is one of only four members of the USAF to be twice awarded the Air Force Cross, the first for the mission on which he was shot down and captured, 2 April 1967, and the second for the six month period following his second escape and recapture, from May to November 1969, when he was beaten and tortured. He also received an award of the Silver Star for gallantry during an escape on 10 May 1967 and the month following his recapture, when he also beaten and tortured.
Dramesi is one of the very few captives who never broke under torture. He was held along with Senator John McCain and has criticized McCain's conduct as a prisoner and after release. McCain would later hail him as "one of the toughest guys I've ever met." Dramesi has also criticized the conduct of a number of his fellow POWs.
Early life.
Dramesi was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on 22 February 1933 and grew up in Blackwood, a neighborhood in Gloucester Township, New Jersey." He graduated from Rutgers University and its Air Force ROTC program in 1956, and was trained as a fighter pilot flying first F-100 Super Sabres and then F-105 Thunderchiefs. He was shot down over North Vietnam and captured on 1 April 1967.
Vietnam war.
While a prisoner, Dramesi twice attempted to escape, without success. On the second occasion, his partner, Edwin Atterbury, was killed, and the entire prison population was subjected to "barbaric" reprisals. Plans for a third escape attempt, to be assisted by Navy SEALs in Operation Thunderhead, were cancelled after the SEALs were injured, and one killed, when jumping from a helicopter.
Dramesi was released in 1973. Following his release, he continued his career in the Air Force, serving as a planner for U.S. forces in Europe, commander of the 390th Tactical Fighter Squadron, flying the F-111F Aardvark, and as commander of the 509th Bomb Wing (Strategic Air Command), Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire. While the commander of the 390th TFS, his autobiography, "Code of Honor" which was initially published in 1975 and again in 1990. He retired in 1982 with the rank of colonel.
Political career.
Dramesi ran as a Republican for the Congressional seat held by James Florio in 1982, and switched parties in 1990 to run in the Democratic primary to fill Florio's then-vacant seat following his election as Governor of New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="19684093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684093" title="Thomas Hörster">
Thomas Hörster

Thomas Hörster (born 27 November 1956) is a German retired footballer who played as a defender. 
Club career.
Born in Essen, Hörster spent his first three seasons as a professional with local Schwarz-Weiß Essen, in the second division. In 1977–78 he signed with another team in the league, Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
After winning promotion to the Bundesliga in 1979, Hörster was an essential defensive unit for Bayer in the following 13 seasons, his lowest input being 24 games in 1981–82. In the 1987–88 campaign, he appeared in a total of 35 official matches, including nine in the club's victorious run in the UEFA Cup – one goal against FK Austria Wien in a 5–1 home win (also the aggregate score), even though he did not appear in any of the two matches of the final against RCD Español.
Hörster retired in June 1991 at the age of 34, with top flight totals of 332 games and 16 goals. He remained closely associated with Leverkusen in the following years, working as manager (youth teams, reserves, caretaker) and scout. On 16 February 2003, he was appointed main squad manager, leaving his position on 12 May.
International career.
Hörster won four caps for West Germany, his debut coming on 24 September 1986 in a 2–0 friendly win in Denmark. All of his three other appearances were also in exhibition games.
Hörster was part of the West Germany Olympic team at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, helping the side win the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19684098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684098" title="Robert W. Rosenthal">
Robert W. Rosenthal

Robert W. Rosenthal (1945 - February 7, 2002) was an American economist, most known for his contributions to game theory.
He obtained a B.A. in political economy from Johns Hopkins University (1966),
M.S. (1968) and
Ph.D. (1971) in operations research from Stanford University, 
advised by Robert B. Wilson.
He worked as assistant professor in the department of Industrial Engineering and
management science at
Northwestern University (1970–76), was member of the technical staff at
Bell Labs (1976–83),
was professor of economics at
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (1983–84),
State University of New York at Stony Brook (1984–87) and
Boston University where worked until his death from a heart attack (1987–2002). He also 
had appointments with Massachusetts Institute of Technology (2000), Harvard University (1993), and Catholic University of Louvain (1973).
He held a Fulbright chair in economics at University of Siena (2001).
He authored many journal articles, and defined the revelation principle and random matching, as applied in works
with Henry Landau. Also, he was associate editor of Games and Economic Behavior (1988–2002), Journal of Economic Theory (1999–2002),
Mathematics of Operations Research (1981–88) and (1978–82).

</doc>
<doc id="19684112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684112" title="Lauren Boyle">
Lauren Boyle

Lauren Marie Boyle (born 14 December 1987 in Auckland) is a New Zealand swimmer. She has competed at two Commonwealth Games and two Olympic Games.
Boyle won a bronze medal with Helen Norfolk, Alison Fitch and Melissa Ingram in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
At the 2008 Olympic Games she was a member of the New Zealand 4x200m freestyle relay team which was disqualified in the heats.
She won a silver medal with Penelope Marshall, Amaka Gessler and Natasha Hind in the 4x200m freestyle relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
At the 2012 Olympics in London, Boyle was fourth fastest in the heats of the 400m freestyle in a New Zealand record 4:03.63. In the final she finished 8th. In the 800m heats she swam 8:25.91, also a New Zealand record, qualifying fifth fastest for the final. In the final she swam another record of 8:22.72 to finish fourth, 2.40 seconds from the bronze medal which went to defending champion and world record holder Rebecca Adlington.
In August 2013, Boyle claimed three medals at the FINA World Swimming Championships in Barcelona, becoming only the second New Zealander to achieve this feat (after Danyon Loader in 1994).
Boyle is a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19684114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684114" title="Pogwizdów Nowy">
Pogwizdów Nowy

Pogwizdów Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Głogów Małopolski and north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19684117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684117" title="Pogwizdów Stary">
Pogwizdów Stary

Pogwizdów Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19684118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19684118" title="Przewrotne">
Przewrotne

Przewrotne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Głogów Małopolski and north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,726.
References.
<br>

</doc>
