<doc id="19746721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746721" title="Communipaw">
Communipaw

Communipaw is a section of Jersey City, New Jersey west of Liberty State Park and east of Bergen Hill, and site of one the earliest European settlements in North America. It gives its name to the historic avenue which runs from its eastern end near LSP Station through the neighborhoods of Bergen-Lafayette and the West Side that then becomes the Lincoln Highway. Communipaw Junction, or simply, The Junction, is an intersection where Communipaw, Summit Avenue, Garfield Avenue, and Grand Street meet, and where the toll house for the Bergen Point Plank Road was situated. Communipaw Cove at Upper New York Bay, is part of the state nature preserve in the park and one of the few remaining tidal salt marshes in the Husdon River estuary.
Communipaw-Lafayette.
Communipaw was part of Bergen City, New Jersey during its brief incarnation between 1855-1870 before merging with Jersey City, and was urbanized during the late half of the 19th century. Some streets of the neighborhood are part of the Communipaw-Lafayette Historic District. Lafayette Park is likely named for the Marquis de Lafayette, who was stationed in Bergen in 1799, and later re-visited in 1824 A city square similar to Van Vorst Park and Hamilton Park the buildings surrounding it were constructed in different periods. Whitlock Cordage is an intact complex of industrial buildings built in the Lafayette section along the long ago filled Morris Canal. The Housing Trust of America purchased the property to preserve the structures as affordable housing. The section near Johnston Avenue was the site of stop on the Underground Railroad and African-American burial ground. Ficken's Warehouse, once site of Bergen City's main post office, is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Hudson County, New Jersey.
History.
Lenape.
At the time of European settlement in the 17th century Communipaw was the site of the summer encampament and counsel fire of the Hackensack Indians. a phratry of the Lenape. They, along with the Raritan, Tappan, Wecquaesgeek, Canarsee and other groups who circulated in the region were collectively known as the River Indians by the immigrating population.
It is likely that the name is based in the Algonquian language Lenape. Earlier spellings are numerous and have included "Gamoenapa," "Gemonepan," "Gemoenepaen," "Gamenepaw", "Comounepaw", "Comounepan" "Communipau", "Goneuipan" There are a variety of interpretations of the meaning, though most sources relate it to as being from "gamunk", "on the other side of the river", and "pe-auke", "water-land", meaning "big landing-place from the other side of the river". (Current: "gamuck" meaning "other side of the water" or "otherside of the river" or "landing place at the side of a river" ).
New Netherland.
Henry Hudson, commissioned by the Dutch East India Company, anchored along the shore at Communipaw in 1609 during his explorations of the Upper New York Bay, North River (Hudson River) and Hudson Valley.
For a time it bore the name of the Dutchman who settled there, Jan Everts Bout., and was called Jan de Lacher's Hoeck., or "Jan the Laugher's Point", apparently in reference to his boisterous character. Plantations, worked by enslaved Africans, spread across the low-lying areas between the shoreline and the hill. It was here that Tappan and Wecquaesgeek fleeing dominant tribes from the north had taken refuge in 1643. They were attacked in the incident known as the Pavonia Massacre, subsequently leading to Kieft's War.
Originally, the village of Communipaw was part of the colony belonging to the Dutch West India Company. In 1652, became part of the Commonality of New Amsterdam, (which included all the settlements at Pavonia, Manhattan, Staten Island, and Long Island), a separate village in 1658, under the jurisdiction of the Bergen, established at contemporary Bergen Square. By 1669, regulated ferry service to New Amsterdam was established. After the last British take-over of New Netherland in 1674 it became part of the Province of New Jersey, in the county of Bergen, though it retained its Dutch character for hundreds of years. Washington Irving visited it often (at least once with future US president Martin van Buren) for inspiration. Writing in the early 19th century, he often referred to Communipaw as being the stronghold of traditional Dutch culture. John Quidor, an American Romantic painter created works inspired the village: "Embarkation from Communipaw" and "The Voyage from Communipaw to Hell Gate". Suydam Street, which can translate as "south dam" runs for one block south of Communipaw Avenue is taken early Dutch family, whose descendent, Rev. J. Howard Suydam, D.D, was member and historian of the Holland Society of New York.
CRRNJ.
Originally, the waters of the Upper New York Bay facing the village (situated near the site of today's Liberty Science Center) hosted vast oyster beds that were harvested well into the 19th century. As it was industrialized, first with the construction of ports and later with rail infrastructure, the shoreline was expanded with landfill, notably by the Lehigh Valley Railroad and the Central Railroad of New Jersey. Communipaw Terminal, officially known as the Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal, was the waterfront terminus. The monument, along with the Statue of Liberty National Monument, Ellis Island and Liberty Island recalls the period of massive emigration to the United States. The cove just to the south of the station is sometimes still called Communipaw Cove. The railroad also maintained a Communipaw Station in the neighborhood farther inland along the right of way now used by the Hudson Bergen Light Rail. Johnston Avenue is named for an early president of the company.
Transportation.
Buses traveling southbound through The Junction are the R&T 4, NJT 4, NJT 81 through Greenville to Curries Woods, with the 81 continuing to Bayonne. On some trips on the NJT6 alternates it routes along the Lafayette Loop. Northbound the NJT6 travels to Journal Square, while the R&T4 and the NJT81 travel through Downtown Jersey City to Exchange Place. The nearest stations of the Hudson Bergen Light Rail are located along the southern periphery of the neighborhood at Garfield Avenue in Claremont and at LSP.

</doc>
<doc id="19746732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746732" title="William Best (Nova Scotia politician)">
William Best (Nova Scotia politician)

William Best (ca 1707 – November 17, 1782) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1758 to 1759 and from 1761 to 1770.
He came to Halifax in 1749 and later settled at Cornwallis. In 1779, with John Burbidge, he helped establish an Anglican church there. In 1783, he was named a justice of the peace for King's County. Best died in Halifax at the age of 75.
One of his descendants, Charles Herbert Best, discovered insulin with Frederick Banting.

</doc>
<doc id="19746738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746738" title="1972–73 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1972–73 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1972. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746745" title="Interval boundary element method">
Interval boundary element method

Interval boundary element method is classical boundary element method with the interval parameters.<BR>
Boundary element method is based on the following integral equation
formula_1
The exact interval solution on the boundary can be defined in the following way:
formula_2
In practice we are interested in the smallest interval which contain the exact solution set
formula_3
In similar way it is possible to calculate the interval solution inside the boundary formula_4.
See also.
Interval finite element

</doc>
<doc id="19746798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746798" title="Here (Nokia)">
Here (Nokia)

Here (stylised HERE), formerly Ovi Maps (2007–2011) and Nokia Maps (2011–2012), is a Nokia business unit that brings together Nokia's mapping and location assets under one brand. The technology of Here is based on a cloud-computing model, in which location data and services are stored on remote servers so that users have access to it regardless of which device they use.
Here captures location content such as road networks, buildings, parks and traffic patterns. It then sells or licenses that mapping content, along with navigation services and location solutions to other businesses such as Garmin, BMW, Oracle and Amazon.com.
In addition, Here provides platform services to Windows Phone 8 smartphones as well as those that run on other operating systems including Android and FirefoxOS but excluding iOS. It delivers location services through Here applications, provides solutions for GIS and government clients and powers major mapping providers, such as Bing, MapQuest and Yahoo! Maps. Here has maps in nearly 200 countries, offers voice guided navigation in 94 countries, provides live traffic information in 33 countries and has indoor maps available for about 49,000 unique buildings in 45 countries.
History.
For more than a decade, Nokia has built its mapping and location business by acquiring location technology and know-how. It all began in 2001 as Smart2Go, a generic 3D-map interface for access to tourist information on mobile terminals. It was developed by an EU consortium named TellMaris. Nokia gained the rights to the software when it acquired Berlin-based route planning software company gate 5 in August 2006, which has become the cornerstone for the company's mapping business. It then made the Smart2Go application free to download.
In October 2007, Nokia acquired the Chicago-based company NAVTEQ, which was the largest maker of automotive grade map data used in car navigation equipment. That acquisition brought Nokia 25 years of experience in creating automotive grade content and a deep footprint in the automotive industry.
In 2008, Nokia picked up geo social networking site Plazes and the following year it bought mobile applications developer bit-side, social location pioneer Plum, and social travel service Dopplr. In 2010, it acquired Metacarta a leading enterprise local search service used by security and military.
In April 2011, Nokia released a beta version of 3D maps that covered 20 cities in the world. By August 2011, the coverage has expanded to 23 cities, and in 2012, Nokia bought earthmine, which specialises in street level 3D image capture.
In May 2011, Ovi Maps was renamed to Nokia Maps when Nokia streamlined its services offering under the head brand.
In October 2011, Maps & Drive for Windows Phone 7 (Mango) has been announced, which was available on Nokia Lumia phones (710, 800 and in 2012, the 900). However, major features such as off-line routing and text-to-speech navigation of street names, compared to the Symbian version, were absent. These features were eventually brought over to the Windows Phone platform in 2012.
On 13 November 2012, Nokia announced that it would rebrand its location offering as Here to highlight its vision for the future of location based services and its belief in the importance of mapping.
Availability.
Windows Phone 8.
Here makes it location based assets, such as offline maps, available for the Windows Phone 8 platform through a dedicated Windows Phone SDK
Because the suite runs on Windows Phone 8, users can save their favourite destinations as live tiles to their start screen and the app will calculate routes based on current location. The suite is integrated so that users can access individual functions going from one app to the next without going back to the home screen. Favourites are saved to the cloud so that they can be accessed on all of the different applications.
In February 2013, Nokia announced that Here Maps, Here Drive and Here Transit would be available on all Windows Phone 8 devices at the Windows Phone Store. The offer is available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Russia.
Here has the following applications available on Nokia Lumia smartphones with Windows Phone 8:
Here Maps.
Currently, Here Maps is available in 196 countries and its features include turn-by-turn walking navigation, offline availability, 3D landmarks and indoor venue maps for 29,000 unique buildings in 45 countries. A favourites list shows the top 25 most popular places in the vicinity looking at positive reviews, search queries and other user data. The application is also integrated with an augmented reality technology called LiveSight that lets users hold up their phone to reveal information about the buildings including contact information, hours and reviews in their line of sight from the phone camera display.
Here Drive.
Here Drive provides navigation designed for in car driving in 94 countries. Its features include visual and audio speed limit warnings, voice guided turn-by-turn navigation with spoken street names in more than 60 countries in 50 different languages and offline availability. The user interface is designed for drivers and map data includes 260 attributes such as turn restrictions, physical barriers and one-way streets.
Here Transit.
Here Transit has public transportation information for more than 700 cities in 50 countries. It combines bus, train, ferry, tram and walking information in one application.
Here City Lens + LiveSight.
Here City Lens provides information on more than 85 million points of interest including restaurants, cafes, shops and museums pulling data from local guides and users. Users can pause the view and freeze the screen to browse the area around them without holding up the phone.
Android, iOS.
In November 2012, Here announced the decision to open up its location platform to all operating systems so that anyone with any kind of device could access it. With an open platform Here broadens its reach and acquires more users, which in turn generates more data for its location cloud.
SDK for Android OEM.
Here is developing a Here Maps API for Android which is available to partners. Apps built with the Here Android API will be able to interact with extruded 3D buildings, search for specific buildings and preview their routes in detail.
iOS.
In November 2012, Here created an HTML5-based web service for iOS. The free app provides iPhone users with maps in almost 200 countries as well as public transit, walking and driving directions. Voice guided navigation is available for walking directions. It also provides multiple map views including a satellite view, public transportation view and live traffic view. Here Maps on iOS received lukewarm praise mostly because it was a web application and not a native one. Here Maps for iOS got multiple bad reviews from the start stating it was "a mess", "a wreck", "unfinished", "buggy" and "rushed out HTML5-powered turkey". It was pulled from the App Store in December 2013 after having not been updated for 10 months. Here web site is offered as replacement. A popular iOS app Trapster is using the Here map platform in a native way.
HTML5 and Firefox OS.
In February 2013, Mozilla launched its Firefox OS for mobile phones and announced that the new platform would use maps and navigation services from Here.
Here.com.
Here.com evolved out of the maps.ovi.com and then maps.nokia.com site and provides the web companion to the Here suite. It works on all major browsers (Internet Explorer 6 is not supported). Users can organise their favourite places on collections and sync to mobile devices. Here.com also uses WebGL to offer 3D map views without a plug in. With 3D goggles users can get stereoscopic views of 25 cities. Here.com also provides detailed street level imaging for many cities.
The Here.com website offers:
Locations available in 3D are:<br>
Symbian^3.
Here is available on Symbian^3 platform under the previous name Nokia Maps. The latest, and probably last, Version 3.09 included:
Nokia stated that the Nokia 808 from 2012 will be the last Symbian phone. Symbian development has halted, therefore no new features for Nokia Maps are to be expected. Accenture is responsible for maintenance of Symbian and Nokia Maps until 2016.
Older Symbian phones.
Version 3.09 (12 November 2012, also called Maps Suite 2.0): only for Symbian Belle phones (500, 603, 700, 701, N8-00, E7-00, C7-00, C6-01, X7-00, E6-00).
Version 3.08 (15 November 2011) and 3.07: supported on Symbian^3.
Version 3.06 (2 December 2010): Symbian S60v5 (N97, N97 mini, X6, C6-00, 5800XM, 5235 & 5230, etc.).
Version 3.04 (20 May 2010): Symbian S60v3 FP2.
S40 Asha Platform.
Maps for S40 are limited compared to other platforms. The maps are streamed online into the device or you can pre-download them with Nokia Suite. At some markets, the phones comes with a SD card with preloaded local maps. They don't have turn-by-turn navigation and you can only plan pedestrian routes max. 10 km (6 miles) long with them. As none of Asha series phone has a GPS, positioning is done by Cell ID of the cellular network or by using the Wi-Fi positioning system.
Content delivery.
Here draws on more than 80,000 data sources including a vehicle fleet, which collects data through panoramic cameras, position sensors and laser technology for 3D footprints. The cars have an array of cameras, which capture 360-degree street views and LIDAR sensors, which capture 1.3 billion data points every minute. Another bank of high-resolution cameras capture signs such as speed limits and street names. In November 2012, Nokia acquired Berkeley based company Earthmine to further bolster its 3D street level imagery processing capabilities. In addition, Here relies on local source data and input from map users to generate constant daily map updates, such as real time traffic, turn by turn directions, public transportation routes and information about local business and attractions.
As a result, four out of five cars with fully integrated in dash navigation systems use Here data. Here supplies map content for BMW, Mercedes, Garmin, Hyundai, Pioneer, Volkswagen and Toyota among other car companies and enterprises.
Platform partnerships.
Here licenses its location platform to other major companies including Amazon, Bing, Yahoo!, Flickr, SAP and Oracle. Each partner uses the Here location platform, which is available to any business or screen, to optimise experiences for its own users depending on the particular context. Amazon, for example, uses the Here platform for maps and geocoding. The platform computes 11 billion traffic probes a month, receives 80 million geocoding requests daily, handles 24 million route requests a day and more than 1 billion search queries in a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19746808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746808" title="Glasgow to Aberdeen Line">
Glasgow to Aberdeen Line

The Glasgow to Aberdeen Line is a railway line linking Glasgow with Aberdeen via Stirling, Perth and Dundee.
Route.
Most of the route is shared with other services:
Historical route.
The route comprises the following historical railway lines:
Services.
From December 2008.
There is generally an hourly service throughout the day between Glasgow and Aberdeen.
Three trains work north of Aberdeen as part of the Crossrail project - one each southbound from and and a northbound service to .
Aberdeen Crossrail has increased the number of services stopping at with connections for Aberdeen Airport.
Future.
ScotRail have mentioned plans for an additional hourly service from Glasgow to Arbroath. This would improve service frequencies for smaller stations on the line, such as Gleneagles.

</doc>
<doc id="19746839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746839" title="1973–74 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1973–74 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1973. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746848" title="Dudu Elharar">
Dudu Elharar

Dudu Elharar (also spelled Elharrar; ; born in 1945) is an Israeli singer, music producer, actor and television and radio presenter.
Biography.
Elharar was born in 1945 in a Jewish family in Morocco. In 1950 the family made Aliyah to Israel. Elharar studied in a Habad yeshiva, but did not remain a hasid.
After his service in the Golani Brigade of the Israel Defense Forces, Elharar worked as a water ski instructor in touristic town of Eilat in Southern Israel and in the evenings he would sing in clubs. There he met the singer Dani Litani and they started playing concerts together all around the country. In 1968, Elharar joined the Cameri Theater troupe and played in many of its musical and dramatic productions, among them an adaptation of One Thousand and One Nights and a musical based on Russian protest songs.
In 1970, Elharar recorded his first song as a singer, composed by Litani with lyrics by Yehuda Amichai. Thus he became one of the pioneers of a movement that was popular in Israeli music in the 1970s - recording pop songs with lyrics by Hebrew poets. He recorded songs written by Yaakov Shabtai, Yehuda Halevi, Haim Hefer, Meir Ariel and other famous poets and composed by Shalom Hanoch, Yochanan Zarai, Mati Caspi, Shosh Reisman and others.
Later during the 1970s, Elharar along with guitarist Yossi Piamenta also became one of the pioneers of the fusion of Israeli rock with ethnic Middle Eastern music.
From 1975 to 1978, Elharar was one of the presenters of the popular Israeli children TV show Telepele (טלפלא, "Tele-wonder").
After releasing a string of singles, Elharar released his first full-length album in 1976.
In 1978, Elharar produced an album for the first time - Gidi Gov's debut. Later he produced several successful albums by Yehudit Ravitz, Yoni Rechter, Tuned Tone and the hugely popular children album Ha-Keves Ha-Shisha-asar (הכבש השישה עשר, "The Sixteenth Sheep") with lyrics by Yehonatan Geffen.
While continuing his musical work, mostly as a producers, since the early 1980s Elharar was active in many social endeavors - volunteering for organization that help mentally ill people, prisoners, drug addicts and families who lost their loved ones in the Israeli wars.
Elharar also had a long and fruitful artistic relationship with the song writer Naomi Shemer. He produced many songs written by her and in 2000 he produced her comeback tour.
Since 1998, Elharar presented a weekly program on the Israel Defense Forces Radio. In the program he played old Israeli songs and openly presented his right-wing worldview. In 2008 he was fired from the station. Elharar blamed the station for promoting left-wing politics, but the station commander Yitzhak Tunik refuted the claims.

</doc>
<doc id="19746864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746864" title="Byerastavitsa raion">
Byerastavitsa raion

Byerastavitsa raion is an administrative subdivision, a raion of Grodno Region, in Belarus.
The Byerastavitsa raion was founded from Polish areas annexed by the Soviet Union on January 15, 1940, as the Krynki Raion; in 1944, it was renamed to current name. 
Its capital city is Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa.

</doc>
<doc id="19746872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746872" title="Aerobic gymnastics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Aerobic gymnastics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Aerobic gymnastics at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Workers Sports Pavilion, Macau, China from 26 October to 28 October 2007.
Results.
Men's individual.
Qualification round.
October 27
Final.
October 28
Women's individual.
Qualification round.
October 26
Final.
October 28
Mixed pair.
Qualification round.
October 26
Final.
October 28
Trio.
Qualification round.
October 27
Final.
October 28

</doc>
<doc id="19746877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746877" title="Iglesia">
Iglesia

Iglesia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19746878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746878" title="Slipper Chapel">
Slipper Chapel

The Slipper Chapel, or Chapel of St. Catherine of Alexandria, is a Catholic chapel located in Houghton Saint Giles, Norfolk, England. Built in 1340, it was the last chapel on the pilgrims' route to Walsingham.
When the Slipper Chapel was built, Walsingham was second only to Canterbury in the ranks of importance in English pilgrimage. The word 'Slipper' comes from the word 'slipe' (or 'slype'), meaning to slide, to move out of the rest of England into this holy land of Walsingham, and probably has nothing to do with pilgrims actually walking in slippers or even barefoot.
After Henry VIII's Reformation of the English Church, in about 1538 the Slipper Chapel fell into disuse and was variously used as a poor house, a forge, a cowshed and a barn, until, in 1863, the chapel was rediscovered by a wealthy local woman, Miss Charlotte Pearson Boyd (1837–1906), a convert to Catholicism from Anglicanism. She bought the building from the farm owner in 1896, restored it and then donated the chapel to the Diocese of Northampton for Catholic use. The Bishop of Northampton, Bishop Youens, promptly gave it to the monks of Downside Abbey to look after. In 1897 the chapel was re-established as a shrine by Pope Leo XIII.
On August 15, 1934, Bishop Youens of Northampton celebrated the first public mass in the Slipper Chapel for four hundred years, and two days later Cardinal Bourne led a national pilgrimage of the Catholic bishops of England and Wales and more than 10,000 people to the shrine. From this date it became the Catholic National Shrine of Our Lady.
Many modern pilgrims remove their shoes at the Slipper Chapel and walk the last mile, called the "Holy Mile", into Walsingham barefoot. The Slipper Chapel contains a stone statue of the Virgin Mary carved by Marcel Barbeau, and crowned by the Papal Representative, Archbishop O'Hara, on the Feast of the Assumption in 1954. The statue was taken to Wembley to be blessed by Pope John Paul II when he visited England in 1982.
Every year on September 8, on the Feast of the Birth of Our Lady, the statue of Our Lady of Walsingham is carried for several miles in a procession which begins at the Slipper Chapel.
Today, the complex surrounding the Slipper Chapel includes a Chapel of Reconciliation, built in 1982, which can seat up to 350 people for services and can be opened towards the pilgrimage area in occasion of bigger ceremonies; a bookshop; and a tearoom.
In 2007 the Slipper Chapel featured in the BBC documentary series "How We Built Britain", presented by David Dimbleby.

</doc>
<doc id="19746890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746890" title="Real Kung Fu">
Real Kung Fu

Real Kung Fu is a Hong Kong television series first broadcast on TVB in October 2005. The series is shown to celebrate TVB's 38th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="19746892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746892" title="1974–75 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1974–75 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1974. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746895" title="Whelpdale v Cookson">
Whelpdale v Cookson

Whelpdale v Cookson (1747) 1 Ves Sen 9; 27 ER 856 is an English trusts law case on the duty of loyalty owed by a trustee to beneficiaries of the trust.
Reported decision.
Being old, the report of "Whelpdale" is not complete. The text in the English Report (Vol. 27, p.856) reads as follows,

</doc>
<doc id="19746899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746899" title="Billberg">
Billberg

Billberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19746900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746900" title="Trzebinski">
Trzebinski

Trzebinski or Trzebiński (feminine: Trzebińska, plural: Trzebińscy) is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19746902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746902" title="Judith of Thuringia">
Judith of Thuringia

Judith of Thuringia (, c. 1135 – d. 9 September after 1174) was the
second wife of Duke and later King Vladislaus II of Bohemia and after 1158 the second Queen of Bohemia.
Marriage to Vladislaus II.
Judith was the daughter of Louis I, Landgrave of Thuringia and Hedwig of Gudensberg. Vladislaus II married her in 1153, three years after the death of his first wife Gertrude. The main reason was that Judith was related to the new German King Frederick I. Vladislaus' bride was most eighteen years old; he was 15–20 years older.
Queen Judith.
Probably in 1155, two years after the wedding, Judith gave birth to the first son. In medieval times the names for
babies were chosen mostly by mothers, so it was probably Judith's idea to name the son Přemysl (name of the legendary founder of the dynasty).
A chronicler wrote about Judith that she was of great beauty and mind, educated in Latin and politics. It is said that she often deputized for Vladislaus in his absence. When he was crowned in 1158, Judith became queen. Her coronation is not actually documented, but chronicles write about "Queen" Judith.
During Vladislaus' rule a new bridge in Prague was built, where the Charles bridge stands today. It was the first stone bridge in central Europe and in honour of the queen it was called Judith's bridge.
When Vladislaus abdicated in 1172, his wife followed him to exile. It is not known where she died, but her remains were found in a monastery in the town of Teplice. According to Emanuel Vlček she died as an old lady after 1210, living to see the successful reign of her eldest son Přemysl.

</doc>
<doc id="19746916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746916" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 38">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 38

The 38th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19746920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746920" title="2005 Victory Shield">
2005 Victory Shield

The Victory Shield 2005 was the 60th edition of the Victory Shield, an annual football tournament competed for by the Under 16 level teams of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales. It was held from 6 October to 25 November 2006 and was shared by England and Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19746937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746937" title="Curt Brown (baseball)">
Curt Brown (baseball)

Curtis Steven Brown (born January 15, 1960) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of four seasons in Major League Baseball between 1983 and 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19746939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746939" title="Les Mauvais Bergers">
Les Mauvais Bergers

Les Mauvais Bergers (The Bad Shepherds) is a modern tragedy, in five acts, by the French journalist, novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, performed in December 1897 on the stage of Théâtre de la Renaissance, in Paris, then published by Charpentier-Fasquelle in March 1898. The main parts were played by the two most famous French actors at the time: Sarah Bernhardt, as Madeleine, and Lucien Guitry, as Jean Roule.
The play has not been translated into English.
Plot summary.
"Les Mauvais Bergers" is the story of a workers' strike, which is opposed by the boss, Hargand, and cruelly crushed in blood by the army, in a situation similar to that of Émile Zola's famous novel "Germinal". But while Zola's ends on a note of hope, with an imagery evoking future germinations, Octave Mirbeau's play ends in pessimism, with the triumph of death: all the strikers are killed, including Jean Roule, the leader, and his lover, the young and pregnant Madeleine. Even Robert Hargand, the boss' son who supported the strikers and tried to stop the massacre, does not survive. No hope, or possibility of renewal in future generations is left, only certainty there will be no germination.
The play is inspired by anarchist politics, particularly evident in Jean Roule's speeches, yet it neither presents itself as propaganda nor offers a solution to the social question.

</doc>
<doc id="19746940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746940" title="CJUI-FM">
CJUI-FM

CJUI-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 103.9 FM in Kelowna, British Columbia. The station, owned by Vista Broadcast Group, broadcasts an adult hits format branded as 103.9 Juice FM, with its motto or station slogan as "Kelowna's Biggest Variety". It is similar to a Jack FM style radio station.
History.
On March 14, 2008 the CRTC approved in part an application by Vista Radio Ltd. for a new FM station to serve Kelowna with an Adult Hits format. However, the applied for frequency of 96.1 MHz, with an average effective radiated power of 19,900 watts was rejected by the Commission as unacceptable, due to approval of another FM station application by Sun Country Cablevision to use 96.3 MHz.
Vista subsequently re-filed its application for a new frequency and on August 7 of the same year, the Commission approved the use of 103.9 MHz with an average ERP of 5,200 watts.
Call letters were assigned and Vista began testing CJUI-FM during the second week of September, asking for interference reports and identifying as "CJUI, The Juice, playing whatever". It officially signed on September 29, 2008 with morning hosts Liz McKinney, formerly of cross-town competitor CKLZ-FM, and "Moose" Trevor Stoyko, Natalee Taylor middays and Jay Stone on afternoon drive. Vista Radio's VP of Programming, Jason Mann, was quoted as saying, "The station is designed specifically for men and women 25-54 years of age. The format is really meant to super serve those aged 30-49 who grew up listening to Top 40 and rock music of the 80s, but the format is kept ‘fresh' by including compatible music from the 90s and 2000s."
1039 The Juice signed on air September 9 at 10:39AM with the song, "Juicy" by Better Than Ezra.
On January 31, 2013, the CRTC approved Vista's application to increase CJUI-FM's effective radiated power (ERP) from 5,200 to 17,300 watts (maximum ERP from 10,000 to 36,800 watts), by decreasing the effective height of antenna above average terrain from 506 to -90 metres, by relocating the transmitter site and by changing the class from C1 to C.
On February 14, 2014, CJUI-FM renamed itself from 103.9 the Juice to 103.9 Juice FM while the slogan switched from "Kelowna's greatest hits" to "Kelowna's Biggest Variety".

</doc>
<doc id="19746947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746947" title="Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles">
Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles

The Georgia State Board of Pardons and Paroles is a five-member committee authorized to grant paroles, pardons, reprieves, remissions, commutations, and, according to the Board's website, "to restore civil and political rights". Created by Constitutional amendment in 1943, it is part of the executive branch of Georgia's government. Members are appointed by the governor to staggered, renewable seven-year terms subject to confirmation by the State Senate.
Each year the Board elects one of its members to serve as chairman. The current chairman is Albert R. Murray, whose term on the Board began on May 15, 2010 and will end on December 31, 2016. Murray was elected chairman in June 2012.
Parole and clemency.
The Board is the primary authority in Georgia assigned the power to grant pardons, paroles, and other forms of clemency. Parole is the discretionary decision of the Board to release a certain offender from confinement after he or she has served an appropriate portion of a prison sentence. Persons on parole remain under state supervision and control according to conditions which, if violated, allow for re-imprisonment.
Georgia is one of nine (9) states in the United States with a Board of Pardons and Paroles that exclusively grants all state pardons. Alabama (Board of Pardons and Paroles), Connecticut (Board of Pardons and Paroles), Idaho (Commission of Pardons and Paroles), Minnesota (Board of Pardons), Nebraska (Board of Pardons), Nevada (Board of Pardon Commissioners), South Carolina (Board of Probation, Parole and Pardon), and Utah (Board of Pardons and Paroles) are the other eight (8) states in the United States with similar state boards.
Clemency is given by the Board at its discretion. The Board is the primary Georgia authority with the ability to commute death sentences (the Supreme Court of Georgia also has this authority). Georgia is one of the three states whose governor does not have the authority to grant clemency, although he retains indirect influence by virtue of his power to appoint Board members.
Troy Davis case.
The Board is, on occasion, the subject of media attention when it reviews high profile cases. One such occasion was the review of the case of Troy Anthony Davis, an African-American convicted in 1991 of murdering police officer Mark MacPhail in Savannah, Georgia. 
The Board stayed Davis's scheduled July 17, 2007 execution, but refused to postpone further. The Supreme Court of the United States convened a hearing on the issue of a stay; deciding in favor, just two hours before the planned execution. However, on appeal, the Supreme Court denied certiorari, and allowed the State of Georgia to acquire a new execution warrant for Davis, with an execution date of October 27, 2008.
On October 24, 2008, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit issued a stay of execution, pending a decision on Davis's federal habeas corpus petition. This stay was later overturned.
In an August 2010 decision, the conviction was upheld. The court described defense efforts to upset the conviction as "largely smoke and mirrors" and found that several of the proffered affidavits were not recantations at all. Subsequent appeals, including to the Supreme Court, were rejected, and a fourth execution date was set for September 21, 2011. Nearly one million people signed petitions urging the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles to grant clemency.
The Board denied clemency and, on September 21, it refused to reconsider its decision.
After a last minute appeal to the United States Supreme Court was denied, the sentence was carried out through lethal injection on September 21, 2011.
Criticism.
The Fairness for Prisoners' Families organization has leveled heavy criticism at the Board and similar Georgia authorities, although it notes that the symptoms it criticizes may not necessarily be intentional.

</doc>
<doc id="19746954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746954" title="1975–76 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1975–76 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1975. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746956" title="Derek Murray (sports presenter)">
Derek Murray (sports presenter)

Derek "Pluto" Murray (Scottish Gaelic:"Derek Moireach"), is a Scottish radio and television presenter.
He is the sports presenter on BBC Alba's flagship news programme, "An Là". He also provides football commentary on BBC Alba and BBC Radio nan Gàidheal and is an occasional reporter on BBC Radio Scotland's "Sportsound". He was also commentator on "An Caman", a shinty highlights package broadcast in 2007.
Murray was named as "Radio Personality of the Year" at the 2008 Celtic Media Festival. Murray is from Ness on the Isle of Lewis and was formerly a policeman with Strathclyde Police. He is a fan of Lewis Camanachd.
In the 1990s Murray appeared on the Gaelic soap opera "Machair", playing Iain MacIomhair. In 2011 Murray presented "Siuthad! Siubhail!" ("Go! Explore!") with Emma MacInnes. In this series they travelled around Scotland, exploring alternative tourist activities. 
He now presents his own show on BBC Radio nan Gàidheal, "Siubhal gu Seachd le Pluto". 

</doc>
<doc id="19746969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746969" title="Wladimir von Pawlowski">
Wladimir von Pawlowski

Wladimir von Pawlowski (29 August 1891 – 1961) was an Austrian lawyer and Nazi politician, who served as Gauleiter (Party Leader) and Reichsstatthalter (Reich Governor) of Carinthia after Austria was annexed by the Nazi Germany. Von Pawlowski held these offices from 1 April 1940 to 27 November 1941. Before Anschluss he sat in the Carinthia landtag.
Von Pawlowski also was a member of the Schutzstaffel (SS) with an SS number of 292,801. On 21 June 1939, he was promoted to the rank of SS-Standartenführer.

</doc>
<doc id="19746977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746977" title="1976–77 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1976–77 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1976. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746991" title="Hillcrest Park Cemetery">
Hillcrest Park Cemetery

Hillcrest Park Cemetery is located in Springfield, Massachusetts. Although it is not known when it was established, it is known that the Hillcrest Park Cemetery Association - those who oversee the cemetery - was founded in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19747004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747004" title="1977–78 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1977–78 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1977. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19747022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747022" title="Finansbank">
Finansbank

Finansbank is a Turkish bank with headquarters in Istanbul. It was established by leading Turkish banker Hüsnü Özyeğin in 1987 and has been owned by the National Bank of Greece since 2006.
As of December 2010, total assets of Finansbank increased to 38.1 billion TRY or 30%. Total loans increased by 35%, compared to 2009 and were worth TRY 25.8 billion; customer deposits increased by 25% and were worth TL 23.6 billion. Net interest income reached TL 2,254 million. Net fees and commissions increased by 7%, reaching TL 594 million.
By 2010, the bank had over 12,000 staff and 502 branches.
History.
Finansbank was established by leading Turkish banker Hüsnü Özyeğin on October 26, 1987. In 2000 the bank established a number of specialist subsiduries, which included "Finans Portfolio Management" and "Finans Real-Estate Investment Trust". It also launched a telephone banking system and set up an operations Center in Ümraniye, Istanbul.
In 2001 Finansbank sold its shares in "Commercial Union Sigorta" and "Commercial Union Hayat Sigorta" to CGU International Insurance and instead established a separate insurance subsidiary Finans Sigorta A.Ş. (Finans Insurance). In 2002 it installed a new core banking system giving it the best technology of the Turkish banks.
By the end of 2005, Finansbank had operations in ten countries including Turkey, Switzerland, the Netherlands, France, Germany, Belgium, Russia, Romania, Ireland and Bahrain. This earned it the title of the Turkish bank having the most extensive network in foreign countries.
In August 2006, the bank sold 46% of its shares to the National Bank of Greece (NBG), the largest bank of Greece. As part of the sale agreement all the international branches and subsidiaries were split from Finansbank and established as a new separate company registered in the Netherlands. This company was renamed as Credit Europe Bank and ownership was transferred to FIBA Group the holding company owned by original bank founder Hüsnü Özyeğin. National Bank of Greece subsequently increased its shareholding to 77% taking full control of the Turkish bank.

</doc>
<doc id="19747025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747025" title="Samina Khalid Ghurki">
Samina Khalid Ghurki

Samina Khalid Ghurki is a Pakistani politician, from the Pakistan Peoples Party. Samina Ghurki was born on 13 August 1956 in Lahore, Punjab. She was elected to the National Assembly for her first term in 2002 from the constituency of NA-130, the largest of Lahore. She was re-elected in 2008 from the same constituency. She was appointed Federal Minister of Special Education in the cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, Federal Minister of Environment and later Federal Minister of National Integration and Heritage in the cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf; Raja Cabinet I. 
Samina Khalid Ghurki completed her Bachelor Studies from Lahore College for Women in 1976. Married, Samina is the mother of two sons and two daughters. She is active in the community welfare and social work of her constituency. Her family funds the Ghurki Trust Teaching Hospital in Ghurki, Lahore. Her late husband Khalid Javaid Ghurki was a former MP, President of PPP Lahore Chapter, Member of CEC PPP, parliamentary secretary and Town Nazim of Wagah Town, Lahore. He was one of the senior leaders of the PPPP and a close associate of Asif Ali Zardari and Benazir Bhutto. Other family members in politics include Farooq Ghurki (Former Provincial Minister for Information and Technology), Arshad Ghurki, Muhammad Iqbal Ghurki (Former Provincial Minister).
Her areas of legislative interests are Education, Environment, Local Government Affairs, Culture and Women Affairs. She was among the 9 MPs to sign the UNIFEM's 'say no to violence against women' campaign in New York. She is popular among her local electorate, notably said to one of the few 'people's MNAs' frequently visiting villages to condole residents on the death of their loved ones.

</doc>
<doc id="19747032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747032" title="2008–09 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2008–09 Gonzaga Bulldogs men's basketball team

Recruits.
Demetri Goodson 
Grant Gibbs 
Andy Poling 
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2008 Old Spice Classic
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| Basketball Hall of Fame Challenge
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| Duel in the Desert
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| Battle in Seattle
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| Ronald McDonald House Charities Classic
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| West Coast Conference Tournament
!colspan=9|
!colspan=9| NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19747046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747046" title="1978–79 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1978–79 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1978. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19747054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747054" title="Alberta Sheriff">
Alberta Sheriff

Alberta Sheriffs are provincial peace officers appointed by the Ministry of Solicitor General and Public Security of Alberta, Canada, under the authority of the Peace Officer Act. Sheriffs are Alberta peace officers and carry sidearms. 
There are several divisions currently operating in various areas around the province. The sheriffs can enforce all provincial acts with active enforcement depending on unit. Sheriffs do not have the authority to enforce federal acts and must turn over their investigation to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police or the police of jurisdiction if any federal offences are uncovered. Training is completed at the Solicitor General's staff college, located in Edmonton. Training is a minimum ten-week basic recruit course, and once on Highway Patrol or other specialized units, a minimum of another 8–12 weeks of training is conducted. Overall Alberta Sheriffs will receive approximately 18–22 weeks of training.
Services.
Court Security and Prisoner Transport.
Sheriffs protect Alberta's 74 court facilities, staff and judges. Screening equipment is operated by sheriffs at the public entrances to detect weapons and other contraband.
Sheriffs are responsible for transporting prisoners to and from provincial court houses, correctional facilities and police holding cells. Various types of vehicles are used: Crown Victoria Police Interceptors, Ford Econoline E350 cargo vans and specially designed GMC 5500 Prisoner Transport Trucks.
Sheriffs also assist police with public order and special events like the Stanley Cup Finals, which attracted thousands to the streets in Calgary and Edmonton.
Special Deployments.
Uniformed members of the Alberta Sheriffs were deployed during the 2010 Winter Olympics and worked alongside other law enforcement agencies as part of the Integrated Security Unit.
Sheriff Highway Patrol (Sheriff Integrated Traffic Unit).
Starting in 2006, the highway patrol has been assisting the RCMP K Division in traffic enforcement of the Traffic Safety Act on provincial highways outside of the major cities of Calgary and Edmonton. The Highway Patrol works with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) to assist in the reduction of accidents by dangerous drivers, providing assistance at "checkstop" drinking and driving check stops and by investigating property damage collisions.
In 2010, RCMP K Division Traffic Services and the Sheriff Highway Patrol were integrated together as a unit. The integrated units focus their education and enforcement efforts on four driving activities: impaired driving, not using seatbelts, speeding and proceeding unsafely through intersections. 
The Integrated Traffic Units (ITUs) patrol roads identified as having a history of collisions which have resulted in fatal and serious injuries. Traffic safety officers target the high-risk driving behaviour that causes these collisions.
There are 107 traffic sheriffs working out of 20 ITU offices with 163 RCMP members from K Division Traffic Services Section as well as 10 RCMP serious collision investigators in various locations around the province. Sheriffs in the Alberta Sheriff Highway Patrol or known as Sheriff Integrated Traffic Unit have the power to enforce traffic-related provincial laws, including the Traffic Safety Act and liquor and gaming regulations. Traffic sheriffs can also apprehend individuals who are wanted on outstanding warrants. They also assist police officers with impaired driving investigations. Traffic sheriffs receive specialized safety training, including collision investigation and child safety seat inspection.
In addition to working with the RCMP, traffic sheriffs work with other enforcement agencies, such as local police services, Commercial Vehicle Enforcement, and Fish and Wildlife officers.
Executive Protection Unit.
The Executive Protection Unit is responsible for the protection of the premier, other members of the provincial cabinet, and members of the provincial judiciary. This unit is most visible at public events where the premier has been confronted by opponents of oil sands developments.
Sheriff Operation Communications Centre.
The Sheriff Operation Communications Centre (SOCC) operates a complex 24-hour Control and Alarm Monitoring Centre in Edmonton. It also provides provincial radio communications and dispatch for sheriffs in the province. It is the central repository for sheriff-initiated warrant control and maintenance. SOCC is the Sheriff Branch’s central hub for Canadian Police Information Centre (CPIC) data transfer.
Legislature and Government Centre Security.
The Legislature and Government Centre Security provides security and protection of the Legislature Building and Government Centre. Sheriffs patrol the Legislature and Government Centre Grounds to ensure public order, crime prevention, and safety for all who visit and work at Government Centre.
Alberta Security and Strategic Intelligence Support Team.
The Alberta Security and Strategic Intelligence Support Team (ASSIST) is a highly specialized unit that manages counter-terrorism information and intelligence and develops threat assessments as it relates to Alberta's critical infrastructure. They are strictly an intelligence unit and do not enforce any laws.
Alberta Law Enforcement Response Teams – Integrated Fugitive Apprehension Unit.
The Integrated Fugitive Apprehension Unit (IFAU) is divided into two areas, North (Edmonton) and South (Calgary), which cover their respective parts of the province. These teams look for and arrest persons with outstanding warrants who have evaded capture. At any time there are 175,000 outstanding arrest warrants in Alberta. Of those, 8,000 are for violent or serious crimes. Fugitive apprehension is a specialized investigative skill and capturing these people requires a lot of time and police resources. IFAU ensures the process is intelligence led and that tracking efforts can seamlessly cross jurisdictions.
The program, the first of its kind in Canada, plays an important role in promoting safe, secure communities by arresting criminals and decreasing the likelihood of them re-offending and revictimizing Albertans.
The support of IFAU allows local police more time and resources to focus on other priorities like community policing and criminal investigations. Until this program was created, the province's various police agencies, including the RCMP, were solely responsible for tracking people with outstanding warrants and other provincial apprehension warrants. IFAU has also received requests for service from the federal immigration department, welfare fraud investigators and the federal justice department's fine-enforcement program.
All agencies that contact the unit have their requests prioritized and assistance is granted in accordance of urgency.
Alberta Law Enforcement Response Teams- Safer Communities and Neighbourhoods.
The Safer Communities and Neighbourhoods (SCAN) unit promotes safe communities by targeting and shutting down properties that are regularly used for illegal activities related to drugs, gangs, prostitution and child exploitation.
Provincial SCAN legislation empowers citizens to take back their neighbourhood by reporting problem properties. Complaints are confidential and the identity of the complainant will not be revealed at any time.
The unit uses civil legislation to target properties, not people. Any criminal activities uncovered when dealing with these properties is turned over to the police to investigate.
SCAN investigators will meet with a property owner, or send a warning letter, to try and solve the problem informally before taking legal action.
If informal efforts are unsuccessful, SCAN will apply to the courts for a community safety order (CSO) that requires owners to clean up their property or for the property to be closed for 90 days. Tenants are removed from a property only as a last resort and when there has been no cooperation from the tenants or the owner.
SCAN supports partner law enforcement agencies by targeting commercial or residential problem properties that are often a hugely disproportionate drain on police time and resources.
Alberta Law Enforcement Response Teams- Sheriffs Investigative Surveillance Unit.
The Sheriffs Investigative Surveillance Units (SISUs) provides surveillance assistance to Alberta law enforcement agencies conducting ongoing, provincially-focused investigations. For example, SISU has been instrumental in covert DNA collection for police agencies. That service has helped lead to the early arrest and imprisonment of numerous criminals.
The support of SISU allows local police agencies more time and resources to address crime in their communities.
In 2008, SISU assisted with 90 investigations across the province. Of those, 23 were homicide cases and 25 were drug-related investigations.
Rank.
The rank structure consists of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19747055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747055" title="1979–80 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1979–80 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1979. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19747128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747128" title="Uttan">
Uttan

Uttan is a coastal town just north of Mumbai in Thane district of Maharashtra. A coastal town, it comes under the jurisdiction of the Mira-Bhayander civic council. The area is famed for its beach, visited by city-goers over the weekend. It is also famous for its lighthouse. The area has a significant East Indian Catholic population.
. Uttan is also famous for the Our Lady Of Velankani Shrine

</doc>
<doc id="19747140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747140" title="Subliminable Messages">
Subliminable Messages

Subliminable Messages is the sixth album by Ten Foot Pole. The title refers to a Bushism.

</doc>
<doc id="19747141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747141" title="Vertical damp proof barrier">
Vertical damp proof barrier

The purpose of a Vertical Damp Proof Barrier is to prevent the ingress of damp and water into subterranean structures such as basements, cellars, tunnels and earth shielded buildings. (Also known as Earth sheltered buildings).
Traditionally, this took the form of several coats of bitumous paint or tar. This, though cheap, has the disadvantage that any movement in the structure or joints is likely to rupture the paint so allowing water to enter. 
Modern solutions take the form of a plastic membrane, often pre-coated with adhesive and a "peel off" paper that is applied to the outside of the structure before it is buried. Usually, a "priming coat" of bitumous paint has to be applied first. It often comes in one metre wide rolls and is installed with a 100 mm overlap. The membrane has a high modulous of elasticity (that is, it stretches a lot, often by a factor of ten before it ruptures) 
Precautions have to be taken that sharp objects in the backfill do not pierce it. Sometimes fine sand is used to backfill but more often insulation boards are laid against it before backfilling, particularly in an inhabited room.
As a further precaution against water ingress, it is recommended that land drains be installed behind the protected wall at its base to prevent the build up of hydrostatic pressure in wet weather.

</doc>
<doc id="19747156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747156" title="1980–81 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1980–81 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1980. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19747199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747199" title="A Life of Contrasts">
A Life of Contrasts

A Life of Contrasts is an international bestseller by Diana Mitford (sister of novelist Nancy Mitford, journalist Jessica Mitford, and memoirist Deborah, Duchess of Devonshire) that was first published by Hamish Hamilton in 1977. She later released a revised edition of the book that was published in 2002 by Gibson Square.
Synopsis.
In the autobiography, the British aristocrat recounts her colourful past, including her marriage to Sir Oswald Mosley, founder of the British Union of Fascists, her association with Nazi figures and her subsequent three-year internment under Defence Regulation 18B. She also recounts her friendships with leading literary figures Evelyn Waugh, Harold Acton, John Betjeman and Lytton Strachey.
2002 edition.
In the 2002 edition, Mitford describes several events which occurred following the original 1977 publication. Such as the grief she experienced after her husband's death, her brain tumour as well as her reaction to international events and public figures. She also writes about her "secret" missions to Germany before war broke out, when she helped set up a radio station to raise funds for the BUF.
Critical reception.
The book was well received by critics, who were impressed by Mitford's writing talents, although some were not satisfied that she gave a convincing explanation of her controversial political views.
Reviews.
"Fragrant.." "The Times"
"A Life of Contrasts is a candid, page-turning memoir." Mary S. Lovellq
"a rare treat." Selina Hastings
"engrossing...If you actually want to know about Diana Mosley, read this book." "Evening Standard"
Contents.
The book also includes a selection of black and white photographs.
"Index" (289)

</doc>
<doc id="19747233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747233" title="Thomaston, Texas">
Thomaston, Texas

Thomaston is an unincorporated community in southeastern DeWitt County, Texas, United States. It lies along U.S. Route 87 southeast of the city of Cuero, the county seat of DeWitt County. Its elevation is 161 feet (49 m). Although Thomaston is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 77989.
Founded along the Gulf, Western Texas and Pacific Railroad in 1872, the community was named for Nathan Thomas, who had previously owned part of the land on which the community was built. The community's post office was opened in 1873; schools were started early in the community's history, although local students now attend the Cuero schools. Thomaston has declined in recent decades as non-railroad transportation has become significant.

</doc>
<doc id="19747239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747239" title="Monobasic acid">
Monobasic acid

A monobasic acid is an acid that has only one hydrogen ion to donate to a base in an acid-base reaction. Therefore, a monobasic molecule has only one replaceable hydrogen atom. Examples are HCl and HNO3.

</doc>
<doc id="19747258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747258" title="Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1965)">
Peter Andersson (ice hockey b. 1965)

Anders Bengt Peter Andersson (born 29 August 1965 in Örebro, Sweden) is a retired professional Swedish ice hockey defenceman. In his National Hockey League career, he played for the New York Rangers and Florida Panthers. In Europe, he represented Färjestads BK, Düsseldorf EG and IF Malmö Redhawks. 
Upon retiring in 2005, Andersson was named General Manager of the Redhawks. He stayed as GM for three years before becoming an Assistant Coach and also Head of Scouting Department for the team.
Andersson's son, Calle, was selected 119th overall by the New York Rangers in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19747296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747296" title="Chick Farr">
Chick Farr

Thomas Francis “Chick” Farr (19 February 1914 – 15 June 1980) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Blackburn Athletic and Bradford Park Avenue.
Early life.
Tommy "Chick" Farr was born at 81 Cochrane Street, Bathgate, West Lothian on 19 February 1914. He came from a footballing family. His father Bobby Farr was a half-back in the days when Senior football held sway in the county. His younger brother Jimmy Farr was a referee and trainer in the Bathgate area. Farr had large hands and was born with syndacyly (webbed fingers), physical attributes that may have assisted him in stopping the ball. Leaving school he worked as a miner, as did the rest of his family, at the nearby colliery at Whitburn.
Early career.
Chick was playing with Juvenile club Bathgate Auld Toon Thistle when Junior club Blackburn Athletic signed him on 24 August 1933. Athletic were a West Lothian club playing in the Midlothian Junior League (the forerunner to today's East Region Junior League). That season they won the League, becoming the first West Lothian club to do so, playing in front of four figure crowds at Murrayfield Park, as well as the Marshall Cup and sharing the Rosebery Charity Cup. Chick was instrumental in the teams success and it wasn't long before a long list of suitors were tempting him south. Early the following season Chick played his last game against Wallyford Bluebell in the Scottish Junior Cup on 22 August 1934 before signing for Bradford Park Avenue. Shortly afterwards 20 year old centre half William Marshall also moved to Park Avenue from Blackburn Athletic but didn't make quite the same impact.
Chick settled in the city and married a local girl, Mabel Wilson, at Bradford Register Office on 23 November 1935. That same afternoon, he played in a local derby match against Bradford City (1-1).
Professional career.
Farr was Bradford Park Avenue’s goalkeeper from 1934-1950. He made almost 300 Football League appearances and played in many wartime matches as well. More than once a dive at the forward’s feet left him unconscious and resulted in him being carried off on a stretcher. No other goalkeeper equalled his 17 year’s first-team service for the club.
Bradford Park Avenue.
Farr joined the Club as a professional player on the 29 September 1934. He made the following appearances for the team:
1934-5 (29) 1935-6 (19) 1936-7 (30) 1937-8 (42) 1938-9 (42) 1946-7 (36) 1947-8 (28) 1948-9 (42) 1949-50 (26)
The Football League was suspended after the game on 2 September 1939 when war was declared. Although football, like most sport, came to a temporary halt, it was not long before regional football leagues and cups were organised. Teams were able to field ‘guest’ players who might have been stationed locally. Although this allowed football to keep going, the rules about ‘guests’ etc. were often abused. Bradford Park Avenue played in the League North and Farr made the following appearances:
1939-49 (8) 1940-1 (28) 1941-2 (36) 1942-3 (35) 1943-4 (38) 1944-5 (37) 1945-6 (42)
Between 1940 and 1946 Chick seldom missed a match. He played in all the first 36 post-war League fixtures.
On 14 May 1947, Farr broke his right forearm in a home game against Manchester City, thereby breaking a run of 135 consecutive Second Division appearances as Bradford’s goalkeeper, the sequence having started on 20 February 1937. 
He took part in the club’s FA Cup exploits in the 1940s, including the 1-0 victory against First Division champions-elect Arsenal in 1948, the 8-2 triumph against Manchester City at Maine Road in 1946 and the 2-0 win at Newcastle in 1949. He played his last game for the club on the 31 July 1950. After which he worked as an assistant trainer from the 1 August 1950 until 6 June 1953. He undertook training as a masseur and became a member of the European Federation of Trainers of Athletes.
Later years.
After retiring from professional football, Farr became a chauffeur for Sir James Hill & Co, in Bradford. In the 1960s he joined Harrogate Railway Athletic as their coach. He remained involved with the club until ill-health prevented him from doing so. He spoke with a broad Scottish accent. He was a lifelong teetotaller but a heavy smoker, which in later life caused him the chest problems that lead to his death. Chick died in St Luke’s Hospital Bradford on 15 June 1980, aged 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19747323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747323" title="1887 in India">
1887 in India

Events in the year 1887 in India.
Events.
Trinity College London examiners conducted music examinations in Mumbai for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19747373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747373" title="Arthur Farrell (footballer)">
Arthur Farrell (footballer)

Arthur Farrell (c. 1911 – September 20, 2000) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Bradford Park Avenue, Barnsley and Scarborough.

</doc>
<doc id="19747386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747386" title="1856 in India">
1856 in India

Events in the year 1856 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19747390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747390" title="Au pair organizations in the United States">
Au pair organizations in the United States

An au pair organization is an agency which complies with (which deals with foreign relations—specifically, au pairs.) This program allows foreign nationals between the ages of 18 and 26 to live with a host American family for one year, with a one-year extension permitted. To comply with the regulations, most au pair organizations hire a local coordinator. Au pair organizations must follow guidelines set forth by the United States Department of State, which include:
Host family requirements.
To qualify as a host family, the following requirements mandated by the State Department must be met:
Au pair agencies.
These are the 15 agencies designated by the State Department to administer the au pair program:

</doc>
<doc id="19747410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747410" title="Beam expander">
Beam expander

Beam expanders are optical devices that take a collimated beam of light and expand its size (or, used in reverse, reduce its size).
In laser physics they are used either as intracavity or extracavity elements. They can be telescopic in nature or prismatic. Generally prismatic beam expanders use several prisms and are known as multiple-prism beam expanders.
Telescopic beam expanders include refracting and reflective telescopes. A refracting telescope commonly used is the Galilean telescope which can function as a simple beam expander for collimated light. When used as intracavity beam expanders, in laser resonators, these telescopes provide two-dimensional beam expansion in the 20–50 range.
In tunable laser resonators intracavity beam expansion usually illuminates the whole width of a diffraction grating. Thus beam expansion reduces the beam divergence and enables the emission of very narrow linewidths which is a desired feature for many analytical applications including laser spectroscopy.
Multiple-prism beam expanders.
Multiple-prism beam expanders usually deploy two to five prism to yield large one-dimensional beam expansion factors. Designs applicable to tunable lasers with beam expansion factors of up to 200 have been disclosed in the literature. Initially multiple-prism grating configurations were introduced in narrow-linewidth liquid dye lasers but eventually were also adopted in gas, solid-state, and diode laser designs. The generalized mathematical description of multiple-prism beam expanders, introduced by Duarte, is known as the multiple-prism dispersion theory.
Multiple-prism beam expanders and arrays can also be described using ray transfer matrices. The multiple-prism dispersion theory is also available in 4 X 4 matrix form. These matrix equations are applicable either to prism pulse compressors or multiple-prism beam expanders.
Extra-cavity beam shaping.
Extra cavity hybrid beam transformers: using a telescopic beam expander, followed by a convex lens, followed by a multiple-prism beam expander, a laser beam (with a circular cross section) can be transformed into an extremely elongated beam, in the plane of propagation, while extremely thin in the orthogonal plane. The resulting plane illumination, with a near one-dimensional (or line) cross section, eliminates the need of point-by-point scanning and has become important for applications such as N-slit interferometry, microdensitometry, and microscopy. This type of illumination can also be known in the literature as light sheet illumination or selective plane illumination.

</doc>
<doc id="19747414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747414" title="Quarles, Norfolk">
Quarles, Norfolk

Quarles is a hamlet within the civil parish of Holkham in the English county of Norfolk. The hamlet is miles south west of Wells next the Sea, miles north west of Norwich and miles north north east of London. The nearest railway station is Sheringham for the Bittern Line which runs between Sheringham, Cromer and Norwich. The nearest airport is Norwich International Airport. The parish of Holkham, in which Quarles is situated, had in 2001 census, a population of 236. For the purposes of local government, the parish falls within the district of North Norfolk. The hamlet is just south of the Holkham Estate and consists of six houses and one farm.
History.
The name Quarles originates from the name "Huerueles" which is old English for "the place of hwerfel" The name is thought to originally referred to a prehistoric stone circle which was thought to be near-by although no trace of any such feature remains today.
Quarles has an entry in the Domesday Book of 1085. In the great book Quarles is recorded by the names "Gueruelei", and "Huerueles". The manor is Kings Land and the main landholders being Roger Bigot, with his main tenant being Thurston Fitzguy.

</doc>
<doc id="19747428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747428" title="Sewri Christian Cemetery">
Sewri Christian Cemetery

The Sewri Christian Cemetery (Marathi: शिवडी ख्रिस्ती स्मशान भूमि "Sewrī Kristi smashan bhumi") in Mumbai, India, was established by Arthur Crawford, the first Municipal Commissioner of Bombay as a location for European burials. The land was acquired from the Agri-Horticulture Society's gardens in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="19747432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747432" title="Grady Webster">
Grady Webster

Grady Linder Webster (1927–2005) was a plant systematist and taxonomist. He was the recipient of a number of awards and appointed to fellowships of botanical institutions in the United States of America. Webster's research included study of the diverse family Euphorbiaceae (spurges), on which he produced a large number of papers, and he lectured on plant systematics, biogeography, and the ecology of pollination. Webster's career as a plant systematist was distinguished by the field research he undertook in remote tropical areas.
Biography.
Born in Ada, Oklahoma on 14 April 1927, his parents were Irena Lois Heard and Grady Webster, a newspaper publisher. His family moved to Austin, Texas during his childhood, and established a home amongst woodland. He worked within his father's business, which began an interest in world affairs, and gained an interest in plants during high school.
Webster served as an ensign in the navy whilst he was enrolled at Stanford University, and completed a bachelors degree in botany at the University of Texas in 1949. He received a PhD while attending the University of Michigan and undertook a post doctoral fellowship at Harvard University that was provided by the National Science Foundation. At Harvard he worked with I. W. Bailey and was married to Barbara Anne Donahue, a Ph.D. studying plant morphology, in 1956.
An interest in the diverse Euphorbiaceae plant family inspired his field research, travelling to remote tropical and subtropical regions in Africa, south and Central America, the Caribbean, Australasia, and Europe. He contributed over 34000 specimens to herbaria around the world. He led an expedition to study the flora of a region known as the Maquipucuna Reserve in the Andes, publishing surveys and a book on the remarkable species diversity of its cloud forests.
Webster was appointed at the University of California, Davis, as a professor in the department of botany and the director of the arboretum.
The Grady L. Webster Award of the American Society of Plant Taxonomists (ASPT) and Botanical Society of America, named for their former president, is given annually and alternately to publications in either plant systematics or structural biology. During his lifetime he was awarded the Asa Gray and Merit awards of these societies. He received fellowships from Guggenheim, Smithsonian, and the National Science Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19747445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747445" title="C'est l'amour">
C'est l'amour

"C'est l'amour" is a popular song recorded by Belgian band Léopold Nord & Vous. It was trio's debut single, released in September 1987, from the album of the same name, and perhaps remains to date its most known song, due to the huge success it met in France and the number of cover versions and remixes that it was the subject throughout the years. It can be deemed as band's signature song.
Background and release.
In 1987, Alec Mension, a Belgian artist who had already released several singles in his country, recorded in Tony Visconti studio, in London, a song he wrote in English-language, entitled "Don't walk away". However, no recording company agreed to sign a contract with him, because nobody thought that the song had potential. Mension decided to re-record the song adding French voices to the English mix. He then re-wrote the lyrics in French-language along with his two brothers, Benoît and Hubert. The song was re-entitled "C'est l'amour". 
The song was eventually released in early September 1987. The cover art was made by Steve Sauvage who also made those for Muriel Dacq's first two singles. "C'est l'amour" was re-issued in 1993 in remixed versions named "Unity Power mixes". "C'est l'amour" was part on many French and Belgian compilations released in the 2000s, such as "Absolument 80: Tubes français Vol. 1", "Top 50 vol.3", "Nos belges années 1978-1988, volume 1", "Bel 80 - Het beste uit de Belpop van 1987", "Best of - Les Tubes Fête", "Club 80's" and "100 Chansons Françaises". In 2007 and 2008, the song was performed at the RFM Party 80 concert tour in which numerous artists of the 1980s, including Alec Mension, participated.
Structure and video.
According to an expert of French charts, the song has "very nice sounds", a "humorous" tone and enjoys "good humor". The theme of love is here, ironically, used in all its facets. In the verses, after expressing an idea in the form of a question or an exclamation, the words "C'est l'amour" are chanted as being the cause of each idea previously mentioned. The song has also dance-pop sonorities.
The video shows two of the singers in an elevator, dressed as baggage handlers and performing the song. Throughout this one, the elevator goes up and down and welcomes various people, that what gives rise to various situations.
Chart performances.
In France, the single went to #26 on the SNEP singles chart on September 19, 1987. It climbed almost every week and entered the top ten four weeks later. It finally peaked at number 2 twice, on November 21 and December 12, being unable to disloge Los Lobos's big hit "La Bamba" which was atop then. The song totaled 14 weeks in the top ten, ten dropped more quickly and fell off the chart (top 50) after 24 weeks.
Certified Gold disc by the SNEP, the song is currently the 358th best-selling single of all time in France. Worldwide, the song has sold more than one million copies.
Cover versions.
Throughout the years, the song was notably covered in foreign languages by many artists.
In 2008, Quentin Mosimann, the winner of Star Academy 7 in France, covered "C'est l'amour" on his debut album "Duel". He first decided to release this song as second single from his album, but eventually cancelled this idea. The same year, Kitch & Co produced a dance version of the song, devoted to the discothèques, available on the cover album "100 reprises dancefloor".

</doc>
<doc id="19747446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747446" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 39">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 39

The 39th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Allegheny County and Washington County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19747451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747451" title="Reciprocating pump">
Reciprocating pump

A reciprocating pump is a positive plunger pump. It is often used where relatively small quantity of liquid is to be handled and where delivery pressure is quite large.
Examples.
Some examples of reciprocating pumps include
See also.
Pump

</doc>
<doc id="19747453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747453" title="B-Sides &amp; Rarities (Boyzone album)">
B-Sides &amp; Rarities (Boyzone album)

B-Sides & Rarities is the fifth and final compilation album released by Irish boyband Boyzone. The album was released on the same day as their greatest hits compilation "Back Again... No Matter What". The album contains a selection of b-sides, remixes and rare tracks recorded between 1994 and 1999. The album was exclusive to Woolworths stores across the UK, and is now very sought-after.

</doc>
<doc id="19747489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747489" title="Hate Culture">
Hate Culture

Hate Culture is the debut studio album by William Control. The album was released on October 28, 2008 through Victory Records. It is a concept album that follows a man named William Control on the last day before he kills himself. To promote the album, a clip called 'Taste' and a preview of the song "Strangers" were released through Myspace. Additionally the song "Beautiful Loser" was released on iTunes on September 30, 2008 and a video for the track was also released.

</doc>
<doc id="19747511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747511" title="Lincoln-Way North High School">
Lincoln-Way North High School

Lincoln-Way North High School or LWN, is a public four-year high school located approximately one mile south of Interstate 80 near the intersection of Harlem Avenue and Vollmer Road in Frankfort, Illinois, a southwest suburb of Chicago, in the United States.It is the part of Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210, which also includes Lincoln-Way East High School and Lincoln-Way Central High School, as well as Lincoln-Way West High School, which has been completed for the 2009-2010 school year.
History.
On March 21, 2006, District No. 210 voters approved a $225,000,000 building bond referendum to approve the building of two four-year high schools with capacity of 2,500 students each, which includes field houses, auditoriums, and swimming pools, along with considerable life safety enhancements to Lincoln-Way East High School and Lincoln-Way Central High School. These two new buildings and needed air conditioning improvements to East and Central would be provided with no increase or new money beyond what taxpayers are currently paying in the bond and interest fund.
On August 8, 2006, the construction of the building began. Construction was completed on July 1, 2008. Sitting on 90 acres, Lincoln-Way North is the second largest site of the four high schools that comprise Lincoln-Way Community High School District 210.
During the 2007-2008 school year, students that would be attending Lincoln-Way North (former Summit Hill School District 161 students) choose the mascot and school colors by a vote. After two rounds of voting, the students chose "Phoenix" as the school mascot and vegas gold, black, and white as the school colors.
On August 3, 2008, the building was dedicated and opened its doors to the public for the first time. Also on this date, the school fight song "Phoenix Rising" was played in public for the first time by the band under the direction of Mr. Bert Johnson, a band director at the school. The fight song is set to the tune of the University of Michigan's fight song "The Victors" by Louis Elbel with lyrics written by Mr. Bert Johnson, the Music Department Chair. On August 18, 2008, the first school year officially started with an enrollment of about 1,300 students.
Music.
The music department consists of three bands, the Wind Ensemble, Wind Symphony, and Symphonic Band. There is also choir and an orchestra. Lincoln-Way North is also home to the Illinois Philharmonic Orchestra.
The Lincoln-Way North Marching Band, called the Marching Phoenix, currently consists of about 100 members. Lincoln-Way North Marching Phoenix won the 4A Marching Band State Championship in 2009-10, 2010-11 2011-12, 2012-2013.
Sports.
Lincoln-Way North Community High School has a variety of sports for both boys and girls. The most recent state award is for boys gymnastics; they were awarded the state champion trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19747515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747515" title="Masanao Goto">
Masanao Goto

Father Damien had trust in Gōtō's therapy, and he left the message, "I have not the slightest confidence in our American and European doctors to stay my leprosy, I wish to be treated by Dr. Masanao Gotō.".

</doc>
<doc id="19747519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747519" title="Non-politics">
Non-politics

Various libertarians use non-politics (sometimes called anti-politics), an idea of aversion in political reform. As suggested by voluntaryists and agorists, they maintain the counter-productivity of political methods to achieve a free society. Samuel Edward Konkin III opposed all political strategies, which he saw as gradualist. In his New Libertarian Manifesto, he explained on the counter-productivity of political approaches and advised a non-political strategy called agorism. Konkin advocated direct action, including civil disobedience, to dismantle the state. Many voluntaryists, who also oppose politics, maintain that using politics strengthens the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19747526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747526" title="Vihiga Constituency">
Vihiga Constituency

Vihiga constituency is an electoral district for the National Assembly of Kenya, encompassing Vihiga, Kenya.
The constituency lies in Vihiga County which is headed by Moses Akaranga. Yusuf Kifuma Chanzu is the Member of Parliament for Vihiga on an Orange Democratic Party and was born in 1950.
A political die hard of Deputy Prime Minister Musalia Mudavadi, Chanzu is easily accessible in his constituency and he has a relatively average performance record in his constituency.
The current member of parliament (MP) for the district is Yusuf Chanzu, who won on an Orange Democratic Movement-Kenya ticket with 48.44% of the vote. His nearest challenger, Ken Vitisia of the Party of National Unity slate, received 20.14% of the vote.
References.
this paper was edited by John w.k

</doc>
<doc id="19747530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747530" title="Corrales del Vino">
Corrales del Vino

Corrales del Vino is a municipality in the province of Zamora, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19747543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747543" title="Castle (company)">
Castle (company)

Castle (formerly known as Castle Acoustics) is a British manufacturer of hi-fi loudspeakers.
Castle Acoustics was founded in 1973 and takes its name and its logo from the 11thC historic Skipton Castle, the North Yorkshire market town of Skipton having been Castle's home since its foundation. 
Castle is the only British loudspeaker manufacturer to build its own cabinets; buy and lay veneers for those cabinets; and develop and build its own drive units; all under one roof.
History.
In 1932 the former wool merchant Gilbert Briggs from Bradford formed The Wharfedale Wireless Company primarily to further the design and manufacture of loudspeakers to reproduce as accurately as possible, the music in which he was keenly interested. His legacy has over two generations passed to the Castle Acoustics of today, still located in Wharfedale in North Yorkshire.
Moving further up Wharfedale to Skipton, located in an old woollen mill, Castle Acoustics was born on 3 September 1973.
Almost twenty years later, with the original founders fast approaching retiring age, a second group of senior executives from Wharfedale made a proposal to buy out the original management team. 
Castle is now part of the International Audio Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="19747547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747547" title="Thor Aackerlund">
Thor Aackerlund

Thor Bjorn Thorlei Aackerlund (born January 4, 1977) was one of the winners from the 1990 NWC (Nintendo World Championships). He holds a Mario trophy from the competition. He is also a featured player in the documentary film "", with his reemergence into competitive video gaming taking place in the 2010 Classic Tetris World Championship.
1990 NWC (Nintendo World Championships).
"For the main article, see Nintendo World Championships".
The competition included the most popular games of the time, which were Super Mario Bros., Rad Racer, and Tetris. The best players from around the United States were selected to play in the competition. One of the items the winners obtained was a gray cartridge from the specially-made NWC game cartridges. 116 special carts were made, 90 of them were gray cartridges.
Guidelines to Win.
Sources: 
Top-Scorer Scores.
Sources: 
Camerica.
After the competition, Camerica, a producer of unlicensed Nintendo Entertainment System/NES games, quickly signed a deal with Aackerlund to make him the official spokesman for their games.
2010 Classic Tetris World Championship.
After disappearing from the gaming world for nearly two decades, Aackerlund reemerged to pursue the title of 2010 Classic Tetris World Champion. His personal story and participation in the tournament are chronicled in the 2011 documentary "".

</doc>
<doc id="19747554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747554" title="She-Cat">
She-Cat

"For the unrelated character created by AC Comics, see She Cat."
She-Cat is a fictional character, owned by DC Comics, who exists in that company's DC Universe. She is a cat burglar created as a villain and rival to Catwoman.
Fictional character biography.
Cassandra Cartland meets Selina Kyle at the orphanage to which Selina was sent. Cassandra once asked Selina to join her in stealing food from the kitchen. Selina refused, already wanting to do things alone. Cassandra once again tried to become friends when Selina freed the orphans from the corrupt orphanage. And again Selina refused. Cartland grew up bitter and resentful, especially when she discovered Selina was Catwoman and living a life of luxury. How she discovered is unknown. Cassandra trained herself and eventually became She-Cat. 
As She-Cat she managed to do burglaries that rivaled Selina’s own and pointed the blame towards Selina. Finally Selina managed to track down She-Cat and discover she was Cassandra. Cassandra actually assisted in the defeat of Catwoman's enemy Cyber-Cat and immediately afterward fought it out with Selina, losing the battle. Selina switched some money for counterfeit currency that Cassandra was using for a payoff – and a “mysterious” tip off led to Cassandra's capture, although she escaped by “cultivating” a guard. 
She-Cat returned again trying to sell a first edition of “Jekyll and Hyde” and brought Two Face back into Selina’s life. She assisted Catwoman in the defeat of Two Face and fought with her again. She again lost. Selina managed to keep the book and gave it to a police detective named McShane for whom she had feelings, to “play with him”.
Powers and abilities.
She-Cat is an accomplished gymnast and martial artist. Her costume is equipped with long claws.

</doc>
<doc id="19747560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747560" title="Dirty Sally">
Dirty Sally

Dirty Sally is an American comedy-drama Western series which ran on CBS from January 11 until April 5, 1974. The program is a spin-off of a two-part 1971 episode of "Gunsmoke" in which Sally nurses a young gunfighter back to health.
Synopsis.
The series stars Jeanette Nolan as Sally Fergus, a cantankerous, tobacco-chewing, rough-talking, and hard-drinking 62-year-old on her way west to pan for gold. Dack Rambo co-starred as Cyrus Pike, the young man who accompanies Sally to California. He was fleeing partners in crime. The plot centers on the two being detained in their trip west because of Sally’s frequent meddling into the lives of people that they encounter on the trail.
In the series, the two head for California, as Nolan begins to view Rambo as the son that she never had. Sally is something of a western junk collector loathed by many townspeople but liked by the main characters of "Gunsmoke", who view her as the last frontierswoman.
"Dirty Sally" aired at 8:30 p.m. Eastern time on Fridays opposite ABC’s "The Odd Couple". It preceded "The CBS Friday Night Movies", and followed the equally short-lived military comedy "Roll Out", which occupied that time slot for the first twelve weeks of the 1973-1974 season. "Planet of the Apes" moved into that same time in the 1974-1975 season. "Dirty Sally" was quickly cancelled, though Nolan was nominated for a Best Lead Actress in a Drama Series Primetime Emmy Award. The series continued in repeats until August 9.
Production notes.
Guest stars on "Dirty Sally" included Scott Brady, Kathleen Cody (actor), Nicholas Hammond, Gene Evans, Jackie Coogan, Maudie Prickett, Robert Totten, Vincent Van Patten, and John McIntire, Nolan’s husband.
John Mantley was the executive producer; Leonard Katzman, the producer and writer. Actor Denver Pyle was one of the directors, along with Irving J. Moore, Philip Leacock, and Vincent McEveety. Pyle also did some of the writing and was a guest star. The series was produced by the CBS Television Network.

</doc>
<doc id="19747563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747563" title="Utah State Route 114">
Utah State Route 114

State Route 114 (SR-114) is a state highway in the US state of Utah that spans in Utah County. The route forms a loop around US-89 and roughly parallels the coast of Utah Lake as it passes through the west side of Provo, Lindon and Orem, eventually terminating in Pleasant Grove. The highway consists of a portion of Center Street and all of Geneva Road. The highway was formed in 1931, the southern terminus initially extending into the east side of Provo. In 1965, the route was truncated to its present state.
Route description.
The route begins at the intersection of 500 West (US-89) and Center Street in Provo, with SR-114 heading west on the latter, a four-lane highway. The route reaches an interchange at I-15, where it narrows down to one lane in each direction. The highway continues west on Center Street before reaching Geneva Road—a two-lane highway—where the route turns north onto. Geneva Road turns northwest before intersecting with 820 North. Now the first road east of Utah Lake, the road curves in a more north-northwesterly direction while entering Orem. The road also begins to parallel I-15 at this point, also intersecting University Parkway (SR-265). Past 800 South, SR-114 turns north and intersects Orem's Center Street. Turning north-northwest again, the highway crosses 800 North (SR-52) and passes under I-15 before turning north one final time, gaining one lane in each direction, and entering Pleasant Grove. The road terminates at State Street (US-89).
History.
State Route 114 was established in 1931, forming the current loop around US-89—which at that time was cosigned with US-91—and serving the east shore of Utah Lake in the Provo area. In 1963, the route was extended east to end at the State Mental Hospital. In 1965, this change was reverted; the route has not been changed since.
Major intersections.
The entire route is in Utah County.
!Location
!Mile
!Junction
!Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19747586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747586" title="AIID">
AIID

AIID may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19747610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747610" title="Straight No Chaser (group)">
Straight No Chaser (group)

Straight No Chaser (SNC) is the name of a professional "a cappella" group, which originated in 1996 at Indiana University. In 2006, a 1998 video of "The 12 Days of Christmas," gained widespread popularity and subsequently led to a five-album record deal with Atlantic Records in 2008. The YouTube video has been viewed over 16 million times.
History.
The group formed in 1996 at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. Together the 10 students -- Dan Ponce (the founder), Randy Stine, Charlie Mechling, Steve Morgan, Jerome Collins, Dave Roberts, Walter Chase, Mike Itkoff, Patrick Hachey, and Kevin Carroll, became "Straight No Chaser". Their name was inspired by the title track of Thelonious Monk's 1967 album, "Straight, No Chaser", and is a conscious evocation of the popular American slang phrase often employed in requesting a drink.
SNC’s debut was at a 36-hour dance marathon. The original members performed at Chicago's Wrigley Field, Comiskey Park and Navy Pier, opened for Lou Rawls and even toured the country, playing such venues as Carnegie Hall. The original 10 remained together from 1996 until 1999 when new students were selected to replace the graduating members. Straight No Chaser continued to exist as a collegiate group.
When the original group reformed, both groups continued to exist under the name of "Straight No Chaser". In April 2012, the collegiate group changed its name to Another Round, taken from the name of an earlier CD that was released by the group. The collegiate group's latest CD, "Two For The Show", was released under the new name.
Original group reunites.
In April 2006, a 1998 video recording of "The 12 Days of Christmas" was posted on YouTube. The song was an adaptation of a 1968 comic arrangement of the song by Richard C. Gregory, a faculty member of The Williston Northampton School, for his "a cappella" group, the Williston Caterwaulers. SNC added their own touches, including songs like “I Have a Little Dreidel” and Toto’s “Africa”. It has received over 16 million views. After viewing the video himself, Craig Kallman, CEO of Atlantic Records, called Randy Stine, who posted the video, and asked if the group would consider reuniting to record a new album.
In July 2008, eight of the original 1996-1999 SNC members—Dan Ponce, Randy Stine, Charlie Mechling, Steve Morgan, Jerome Collins, Dave Roberts, Walter Chase, and Mike Itkoff—along with 2000-2003 SNC members Mike Luginbill and Ryan Ahlwardt—recorded a Christmas album, "Holiday Spirits", in Bloomington, Indiana. After appearances on TNT's "Christmas in Washington", Fox's "Fox & Friends", and NBC's "The Today Show" on December 22, 2008, "Holiday Spirits" became the #1 selling album on both the iTunes and Amazon.com charts.
On August 18, 2009, SNC announced that Michael Itkoff and Steve Morgan had decided to step down from the group to spend more time with their families. SNC replaced them with Seggie Isho, originally from Rochester Hills, Michigan, and Tyler Trepp, originally from Urbandale, Iowa. Both Isho and Trepp were members of the collegiate SNC group at Indiana University: Isho 2003-2005, and Trepp 2003–2007. Don Nottingham replaced Dan Ponce in September 2010 when Dan decided to return to television journalism in Chicago. In December 2012, Ryan Ahlwardt left the group and Steve Morgan rejoined the group the following month.
SNC taped a live concert special in New York City during summer 2009 that was aired on that city's PBS stations during the December 2009 pledge drive as a Christmas special, and again in March 2010, excluding the Christmas songs but including six not-seen-before pop songs.
On August 31, 2009, Straight No Chaser released an EP of six songs, titled "Six Pack", continuing the band's tradition of album titles that engage the symbolism of bartending themes. On November 3, 2009, they released their second Christmas album, "Christmas Cheers" co-produced with Deke Sharon, and they released their first non-Christmas album, "With a Twist", in April 2010. The album includes a song featuring Barry Manilow.
After a 40-show stint at Harrah's Resort in Atlantic City, the group's founder Dan Ponce retired from the group to return to his TV career in Chicago. He was replaced by Don Nottingham, who sang with the group at Indiana University from 1999 until 2000.
Their 2010 fall tour was a 75-city tour of the United States, Canada, and the UK and featured their recently released box-set titled "All I Want For Christmas", which featured their two holiday albums and a DVD of their PBS special, "Live In New York".
In 2011, Straight No Chaser took a break from their extensive touring to return to Harrah's Casino in Atlantic City for a 52-show Summer Residency with a show, "Back to the Shore: Songs Through the Decades and More".
Awards.
In 2009, Atlantic Records SNC won the CARA award for Best Holiday Album (Holiday Spirits) and was nominated for Best Holiday Song ("Carol Of The Bells" on Holiday Spirits).
External links.
Disambiguation
Atlantic Recording Artists

</doc>
<doc id="19747615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747615" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program that took place at Castelldefels.
Results.
Heats.
28 competitors first raced in four heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals with the rest competing in the repechages.
Repechages.
The top three finishers from each of the three repechages along with the fourth fastest advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals along with the fifth fastest advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 7. 
Kolehmainen was only seventh at the halfway mark before coming from behind to beat defending Olympic champion Gyulay.

</doc>
<doc id="19747619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747619" title="RSI La 2">
RSI La 2

RSI La 2 is a Swiss public television channel owned by Radiotelevisione Svizzera di lingua Italiana. It's a sister channel of RSI La 1, broadcast in Italian. It mainly transmits sport programmes, but also reruns and music programmes. It does not broadcast any newscast.
History.
TSI launched its second channel in 1997, basing it on programming for a younger audience and sports. Unlike RSI La 1, RSI La 2 is not broadcast in the whole Switzerland, but only in the Italian-speaking Switzerland.
The channel interrupted analogue broadcasts on 24 July 2006, from that date being available only on digital terrestrial television, satellite and cable. It was the first channel of the SRG SSR network to make the transition.
Programmes.
Sport.
Live sporting events:
"Tennis:"

</doc>
<doc id="19747621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747621" title="Dutch railway services">
Dutch railway services

Dutch railway services is an index page of all the rail services operated in the Netherlands.
Railway services in the Netherlands are operated by the following operators (see also rail transport operators in the Netherlands):
In the Netherlands there are three types of domestic train services on the main lines, these are:
On the regional lines not operated by NS, two other train services are in use:
The 'Sneltrein' and 'Stoptrein' services used to be operated on the main lines as well. Since 2007 both services were being phased out. As of December 2011, all 'Sneltrein' services on the main lines had been replaced by either 'Intercity' services or 'Sprinter' services. Meanwhile, all 'Stoptrein' services on the main lines had been rebranded into 'Sprinter' services, although they are not always operated by SGM or SLT stock yet.
International (high speed) services to countries such as Belgium, France and Germany are mostly operated by NS Hispeed, although other operators have international services as well. Such as ICE International.
Below the train services are arranged by type, and for each type ordered by number. For a combined sortable table with links to timetables, but listing less stations, see Train routes in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="19747631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747631" title="Steve Henderson (cricketer)">
Steve Henderson (cricketer)

Stephen Peter Henderson (born 24 September 1958) is a former English cricketer who played for several teams in the late 1970s and 1980s, mostly for Worcestershire, Cambridge University and Glamorgan.
He began his cricketing career at Worcestershire, making his first-class debut in a County Championship match versus Glamorgan in July 1977. Worcestershire went down to a heavy defeat, and the game was a chastening experience for Henderson, who made a pair, held no catches and bowled just two wicketless overs.
He was at the time an undergraduate at Durham University,
but nevertheless was able to make several more appearances during the university holidays. His only half-century was 52 against Northamptonshire.
Henderson remained at Worcestershire until 1981, playing a handful of games each summer as he juggled his cricketing appearances with his continuing studies at Durham. He made few scores of note at New Road, indeed making only one further half-century: 64 against Lancashire at Stourport-on-Severn in July 1980, in the only first-class game ever played on the Chain Wire Club Ground.
In 1982 Henderson went to the University of Cambridge's Magdalene College as a postgraduate student,
and whilst there in 1982 and 1983 he made a number of appearances for the university team; he won his Blue and in 1983 captained the side on numerous occasions. In late April 1982 he scored his only double century, hitting an unbeaten 209 against Middlesex at Fenner's in a game the university nevertheless lost by eight wickets.
After leaving Cambridge, Henderson returned to county cricket, this time with Glamorgan. Between mid-1983 and the end of 1985 he made 27 first-class and 27 List A appearances for the Welsh county, and was considered in some quarters to have the makings of a captain.
However, he never actually captained the side in a first-team game (though he did do so a couple of times at Second XI level). Despite several big innings, notably 135* against Warwickshire in September 1983,
he never quite became a regular in the side, and retired from first-class cricket after the 1985 season.
Henderson did not leave cricket altogether, however. He played one final first-class game in September 1987, turning out for MCC against Yorkshire at the Scarborough Festival,
and played a considerable number of minor games for both MCC and Hertfordshire in the late 1980s and early 1990s, as well as playing List A cricket in the one-day trophies for both Hertfordshire and Minor Counties. He also played regularly for Sir JP Getty's XI in the 1990s, and toured Namibia with MCC as late as 2001.
Outside cricket, on finishing his career in the game Henderson went to work in the City of London.
His father Derek Henderson played for Oxford University and Free Foresters between 1949 and 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19747643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747643" title="Morelli House">
Morelli House

Morelli House at 861 East Bridger Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada is listed on the city, state and National Register of Historic Places. Built in 1959, it is a classic example of mid-century modern construction.
History.
Originally located at 52 Country Club Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada, within the Desert Inn Country Club, the house was moved to 861 East Bridger Avenue in September 2001. The house is famous for being the home of Sands Hotel band leader and musical conductor Antonio Morelli and his wife Helen during the Rat Pack heyday of the 1950s and 60s. For thirty years it served as an after-hours congregating spot for some of the biggest names in entertainment including Frank Sinatra, Sammy Davis Jr., Dean Martin, Tony Bennett, Nat King Cole, Judy Garland, and many other famous names in show business. Morelli was very active in music circles in Nevada and he and his wife were also very active in various charitable causes through the years.
Designation as a landmark followed the move.

</doc>
<doc id="19747654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747654" title="New City (album)">
New City (album)

New City is an album by the band Blood, Sweat & Tears, released in 1975. It peaked at Number 47 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
"New City" marks the return to the line-up of lead vocalist David Clayton-Thomas.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Jason Elias wrote the album "It does sound promising, but, in all honesty, New City's fortunes seemed doomed from the start."
Personnel.
Production notes
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19747667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747667" title="Dad for a Day">
Dad for a Day

Dad for a Day is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 184th "Our Gang" short (185th episode, 96th talking short, 97th talking episode, and 16th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
While planning to participate in the annual Fathers and Sons Day Picnic, the Our Gang kids are reminded that their pal Mickey has no father. The kids prevail upon friendly gas-station owner Mr. Henry to act as Mickey's surrogate dad during the festivities. Not only does Mr. Henry win every competition, but he also works up enough nerve to propose to Mickey's widowed mother (he'll appear again in "All About Hash").

</doc>
<doc id="19747669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747669" title="The Dragon Lord">
The Dragon Lord

The Dragon Lord is a historical fantasy or sword and sorcery novel by American writer David Drake. First published in 1979 and revised in 1982, the novel is set in sixth century Arthurian Britain.
Background.
"The Dragon Lord" was David Drake's first novel. He spent six months researching and drafting the plot for another author, Andrew J. Offutt, to expand into a novel. He drafted the novel for the Robert E. Howard character Cormac mac Art who lived in Arthur's time. When Offutt declined it Drake developed it himself. He wrote it in 1977—78 and after substantial edits at the request of the editor at Berkley Books, it was published as a hardcover in 1979. The publisher sold its rights to Jim Baen who requested the original version of the book, before the edits of Berkley Books. Baen at Tor Books published the post-edit paperback version in 1982. According to Drake, the hardcover and paperback versions of the novel are "significantly different".
Plot summary.
In sixth century Britain, King Arthur desires a dragon to harass the Saxon invaders. Merlin tells Arthur that the skull of a lake monster is required. From a batch of new mercenary recruits to Arthur's army, Gawain selects an Irishman called Mael and a Dane called Starkad after Mael defeats Lancelot in a demonstration duel in front of the recruits. Arthur sends Mael to Ireland to retrieve the skull and keeps Mael's friend Starkad as hostage to ensure his return. In Ireland, Mael is escorted to a road where he meets Veleda, a pagan witch who foresaw Mael's coming. The two travel together for three days and arrive at Lough Ree where a pagan shrine has been converted to a chapel manned by a priest and a large, mentally-retarded student, Fergus. During the night Mael steals the monster skull which was on display in the chapel but Fergus catches him. The ensuing fight spills out onto the lake pier that breaks apart as Fergus fights with a mace. Veleda helps Mael back to land but Fergus drowns and a lake monster drags the priest away. On their way back to Britain, Mael and Veleda are attacked on a ship but escape as Veleda summons a purple fire that burns their attackers.
With the skull Merlin creates a small dragon (a wyvern) which he hopes to grow and teach to be obedient. Mael is re-united with Starkad and they consider whether to stay in Arthur's camp. Veleda has a vision and implores they to retrieve the spear and shield of the Saxon Biargram Ironhand. 
Mael and Starkad leave on the pretext that Starkad must go settle a blood feud with Biargram. Arthur detains Veleda as insurance of their return. Traveling to the Saxon territories, they walk to a drought-stricken village where desperate villagers are attempting to sacrifice a girl. Mael and Starkad interrupt and kidnap the girl. They flee to a house where an old woman, a witch, was expecting them. The sacrificial girl cuts Starkad's legs in the night and escapes. Mael continues on without Starkad and reaches Biargram's homestead, where he learns Biargram has recently died. Biargram's son throws Mael into Biargram's crypt as a sacrifice. A curse was placed on Biargram that makes him return to life every night. Mael fights off the re-animated corpse and is saved by Starkad who interrupts grave-robbers. They carry off Biargram's spear and shield. 
Once back at Arthur's camp Mael and Starkad are reunited with Veleda. Arthur claims Biargram's spear for himself. Mael and Starkad take their places in Arthur's army and are marched northwards to the walled town of Leicester. They spend the night there, meet with a wounded Dane veteran and defeat two Herulians after they killed a family while pillaging. The next day at the battle front they are positioned against Aelle’s forces. The Saxon forces ford the Dubglas River and attack the Britons who slow the Saxon advance using horse archers and caltrops. In the midst of battle Aelle nearly kills a dismounted Arthur but is foiled and killed by Mael. Victorious, Arthur immediately sends Mael and Starkad away to tell Merlin to release his dragon. Merlin trapped the dragon in a cave but had lost control of it. Veleda insists that dragon must be killed because it is too powerful and uncontrollable. In battle with the dragon Mael uses Biargram's shield against its fire breath, and they are able to kill it. The three flee Britain to escape Arthur's retribution for killing his dragon.
Characters.
Several other characters from Arthurian legend and the Matter of Britain are also featured in the novel. Lancelot is depicted as a Roman with a grudge on barbarians who serves as Arthur's chief adviser and Master of Soldiers. Gawain, Cei and Geraint are also officers in Arthur's army. Merlin is Arthur's wizard who, unlike in other works, Arthur treats without reverence; at the end of the novel, while Arthur rants about "being remembered" he conjures a vision of the Grail. Cerdic is depicted as a British king allied with the Saxons. The conflict between Vortigern, Hengst and Horsa is mentioned as backstory, with "Vortigern" explained as the British term for high king; the king's real name was Vitalis. Arthur's father Uther is also mentioned; both he and Arthur are called Pendragon after their hereditary draco war standard.
Reception.
A review in Publishers Weekly called the novel "a grim, gritty and different fantasy adventure." A reviewer at swordandsorcery.org, Ryan Harvey, compared it to Robert E. Howard pastiche, and wrote "some prolonged sequences...turn out as nothing more than cul-de-sacs, neither adding nor detracting to the narrative." However, he found the prose to flow easily and the background to be very well-researched.

</doc>
<doc id="19747676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747676" title="LDS Moapa Stake Office Building">
LDS Moapa Stake Office Building

LDS Moapa Stake Office Building, also known as the Virmoa Maternity Hospital, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Overton, Nevada. It was built between 1917 and 1919 to serve the community of Moapa Valley as a local office, classroom and records repository for the LDS Church. In 1939, the local stake decided to relocate their offices to Las Vegas as travel between the communities became easier. The building then sat vacant.
In 1940, the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital leased the building and converted it into a hospital which opened on January 9, 1941 as the Virmoa Maternity Hospital. The name "Virmoa" is a contraction of Virgin and Moapa. The hospital then was changed into an emergency room in the 1960s. In 1970, emergency room closed and the Daughters of Utah Pioneers purchased the building for use as a meeting hall and museum. It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places for its association with the development of Moapa Valley as a religious and later a medical site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19747683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747683" title="Sandy Wilson (disambiguation)">
Sandy Wilson (disambiguation)

Sandy Wilson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19747684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747684" title="Time Out for Lessons">
Time Out for Lessons

Time Out for Lessons is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 185th "Our Gang" short (186th episode, 97th talking short, 98th talking episode, and 17th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Reprimanded by his father for his poor grades, Alfalfa is told that, unless he improves his academic standing, he'll never get to college. Alfalfa responds, "Don't 'D' stand for 'Dandy'?" He then informs his father that he intends to sail through college on a football scholarship. Alfalfa dreams that he is a student at "Hale University" (a spoof of Yale University) and that he is a big football star with poor grades. During his dream about future gridiron triumphs, Alfalfa is brought down to earth when he envisions himself being disqualified from the inevitable "big game" due to his lousy grades. Awakening from this nightmare, our hero vows to put football on the back burner in favor of cracking the books.

</doc>
<doc id="19747695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747695" title="Bob Beckel">
Bob Beckel

Robert "Bob" Beckel (born November 15, 1948) is an analyst on the Fox News Channel, where he co-hosts "The Five". He is also a columnist for "USA Today" where he writes “point–counterpoint”–style articles with friend and political opposite Cal Thomas. He is the brother of actor Graham Beckel.
Life and career.
Son of Cambridge Graham Beckel Jr. (author of "Workshops for the World: The United Nations Family of Agencies" York: Abelard-Schuman, 1954, 1962 (rev. ed.)) and Ellen Gilliland Beckel, “Bud” Beckel was born in New York City and grew up in Lyme, Connecticut (“The Lives Behind a Liberal and a Conservative [Cal,” "USA Today," Sep 3, 2009, 11A; Cal Thomas and Bob Beckel, "Common Ground: How to Stop the Partisan War That Is Destroying America." New York: William Morrow, 2007, p. 19).
He holds a B.A. from Wagner College. While in college he worked for Robert F. Kennedy's presidential campaign in 1968. He is a “former college football player” (Bernard Weinraub, “From Gloom to Exultation: Mondale’s Long Campaign,” "New York Times," June 8, 1984, A1).
He served in the Philippines as a Peace Corps volunteer from 1971 to 1972.
In 1977, he joined the U.S. Department of State and became the youngest deputy assistant secretary of state (deputy assistant secretary of state for congressional relations) for the Carter administration; and the following year was appointed Special Assistant to the President for congressional liaison.
Beckel was the campaign manager for Walter Mondale’s 1984 presidential campaign. During that campaign he became known as the man who effectively wrapped the Wendy's slogan “Where's the beef?” around Gary Hart, Mondale’s opponent for the Democratic nomination. In late 1984 he formed the consulting firm Bob Beckel & Associates, or BBA, which was succeeded in 1985 by Beckel–Cowan, described by Robert G. Kaiser in the "Washington Post" as “a pioneering ‘grass roots’ lobbying firm whose specialty was building support for policy ideas—or creating the appearance of it—around the country. This was the art form that came to be known as ‘Astroturf’ lobbying, since the grass-roots sentiments being expressed were not entirely natural.”
In 1992 Beckel married Leland Ingham. They divorced in 2002 (Lloyd Grove, The Reliable Source, "Washington Post," Sep 4, 2002, C3). They have two children.
Beckel managed Alan Blinken’s 2002 Senate campaign until he was dismissed after being targeted for extortion by a prostitute.
He was co-host of "Crossfire Sunday" on CNN alongside Tony Snow and later Lynne Cheney, and went on to FOX News Channel as a political analyst and commentator, regularly appearing on such shows as "Hannity & Colmes" (later "Hannity"), "America's Newsroom", and "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld". Beckel is a co-host of Fox News’s "The Five", a political talk show that replaced "Glenn Beck" in the 5 p.m. Eastern time slot in July 2011.
He made a brief appearance as himself on the Season 8 premier of "24" in a mock debate with fellow Fox News Analyst Monica Crowley.
Beckel is a graduate school professor of politics at the George Washington University. Beckel is Protestant.
Personal struggles.
Beckel is a recovering alcoholic and has spoken openly about his past addictions to drugs and alcohol, admitting in July 2011 on "The Five": “I'm a recovering addict and cocaine was my drug of choice.”
In 2002 Beckel was the victim of an extortion attempt by a prostitute he had hired.
In 2007 Beckel was involved in an altercation in a Bethesda, Maryland, grocery store parking lot with a man who took issue with his anti–George W. Bush bumper stickers. In October 2011, Beckel nearly choked to death at a Fox News reception, but was saved by Fox News chief Roger Ailes and "The Five" co-host Eric Bolling.
Controversial comments.
Beckel initially evoked controversy in August 2011 when he implied on air that he had held back from criticizing his Fox News colleague Sarah Palin. He agreed with "The Five" co-host Greg Gutfeld when Gutfeld said he felt awkward making negative comments about Palin, because “it's like a co-worker.” “I know exactly what you mean,” Beckel added. “I'll be honest, I've pulled my punches.” Both Gutfeld and Beckel later said they were joking, however.
In December 2010, with reference to Julian Assange while on Eric Bolling’s show "Cashin' In" (on the Fox Business Network), Beckel commented, “This guy’s a traitor, he’s treasonous, and he has broken every law of the United States. And I’m not for the death penalty, so [...] there’s only one way to do it: illegally shoot the son of a bitch.”
On April 16, 2012, Beckel appeared on "Hannity" with Jennifer Stefano and Neal Boortz. After Stefano claimed that the Head Start Program, which aims to help poor children, did not work, Beckel replied, “You don’t know what the fuck you're talking about!” Beckel did not realize the show was back from the commercial break, and initially refused to apologize. When persuaded that the show was, in fact, live, Beckel apologized for his choice of language, but stood by the overall intent of the statement.
In April 2013, in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings, Beckel commented that visas should be denied to students who emigrate from Islamic countries[http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/07/11/bob-beckel-anti-muslim-comments_n_3581419.html]. Beckel later apologized for his statements.
In August 2012, Beckel reportedly offended some Jews when he referred to Jewish Americans who had participated in a Mitt Romney fundraiser in Israel as “a bunch of diamond merchants we don’t know the names of.”
In November 2012, Beckel concluded, while commentating on the San Francisco public nudity ban live on Fox News, that most nudists were, as children, “probably gang-banged, I don’t know!” and then proceeded to laugh about his comment and saying, “they were probably sexually assaulted, I don’t know!”
In February 2013, Beckel made the statement that rapes on campus don’t really happen and asserted that victims of date rape aren’t going to “take a gun out and shoot date.”

</doc>
<doc id="19747730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747730" title="Dismemberment (illusion)">
Dismemberment (illusion)

Dismemberment is a stage illusion, designed and patented by the magician Edward M. Massey in 1935.
Exposure.
The Masked Magician performed and the Dismemberment and revealed the method in .

</doc>
<doc id="19747732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747732" title="Black Forest Open">
Black Forest Open

The Black Forest Open is a tennis tournament held in Freudenstadt, Germany since 1999. The event is part of the "challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19747741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747741" title="Shaker Paleja">
Shaker Paleja

Shaker Paleja is Canadian film, television, and voice-over actor, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. His voice-over work is known to anime fans of such series as "Angel Links (Seihō Tenshi Enjeru Rinkusu)", and he regularly guest stars on numerous live-action series such as "Battlestar Galactica", "Smallville", "Kyle XY", "The L Word", and "Touching Evil" as Sammy Rashaad. Film roles include "Food for the Gods", "Elegy" with Ben Kingsley and Dennis Hopper, and "The Day the Earth Stood Still" with Keanu Reeves.
Among his most recent roles are those of "Bikram Singh" in the Canadian crime drama,"Shattered", and "Ravi" in a two-part episode of "Sanctuary".

</doc>
<doc id="19747745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747745" title="Yoyes">
Yoyes

Yoyes is a 2000 Spanish film directed by Helena Taberna. The film is a political drama, a fictionalized reconstruction of the life of Dolores González Catarain (aka "Yoyes"), a female member of ETA, who was targeted by that organization upon her return to the Basque Country.
Synopsis.
In the early 1970s, during the last years of Franco's dictatorship, ETA was a group of Basque using political violence in Spain under the leadership of Argi. Yoyes, a young independent woman, joins ETA in Ordizia, a small town in the Basque Country. She quickly plays an important role in ETA's organization. Yoyes meets Joxean, a philosophy student and they start a relationship.
Eventually, Yoyes finds herself losing faith in ETA's cause. Once the group begins to kill civilians, she decides to leave after Argi dies during a bombing. Dropping out of the group, Yoyes goes underground, and moves to Mexico, where she goes back to college and receives a Ph.D.
12 years later, Yoyes is in Paris, where her husband Joxean gets a teaching position with a French University. When Joxean decides to visit the Basque regions with their small daughter Zuriñe, Yoyes decides to join them, knowing it puts her at great personal risk.
When a newspaper prominently publishes the news of Yoyes’s return, her former ETA colleagues mistakenly believe that her presence there means that she has turned informant in exchange for permission to return home. They don't want her example to spread and more people to leave the group. Yoyes has tried to forget the past and be forgotten, wanting just to blend back into society. In the autumn, her former comrades have condemned Yoyes to death. While at a local fair in Ordizia, Yoyes is shot in the head in front of her young daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19747751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747751" title="Land drains">
Land drains

The purpose of a land drain is to allow water in wet or swampy ground to rapidly drain away or to relieve hydrostatic pressure. They are subterranean linear structures which are laid to a fall which should be as steep as practicable. They are used in agriculture and in building construction sites. Modern land drains take the form of a perforated or discontinuous (i.e. open-jointed) pipe. Typically, the land drains conduct the surplus water to an open ditch or natural water source.
In agriculture.
Traditionally, land drains were formed in clay soils and peats by excavating a trench and forming a "tunnel" using flat stones. This was very labour-intensive but could be often be done using free materials at hand. Typically they were two to three feet (600mm-900mm) below the surface. Agricultural land drains have to be installed sufficiently deep to avoid plough damage. Later short earthenware pipes were used laid edge to edge. These are still used. These can be laid in an excavated trench, or a horizontal hole is formed in the ground using a mole plough and the pipes are forced in by means of a hand or mechanical press. By this means, heavy wet soils, bogs and swamps could be rendered amendable to agriculture. Virtually all crops need a well drained soil to grow well.
Modern land drains.
Many modern land drains are created utilising rigid or flexible plastic pipes pierced with holes, laid in pea gravel. (The pea gravel is pea sized pebbles without sharp points to damage to pipe.) Geotextile material can surround the gravel to keep out silt. This can be installed in an excavated trench. Specialised mole ploughs are available that can form the hole, insert the perforated pipe (and gravel if required), all in one simultaneous and continuous process. An extremely powerful (usually tracked) tractor is necessary. The flexible pipe is carried as a roll on the back of the machine. There is a sometimes a hopper for gravel which is kept topped up by an adjacent machine. The pipe and gravel go down apertures in the plough blade as the tractor proceeds along the desired route.
In building construction.
The purpose of land drains in building construction is somewhat different. If voids are created in the ground for any reason they tend to fill with water. Also the static loads on any subterranean structure and retaining walls can be massively increased by the presence of water in the surrounding ground. Land drains are introduced to relieve this pressure. Traditionally, the drains were created by backfilling behind retaining walls etc. with rubble and allowing the water to drain through the rubble to some suitable point.
As part of highway construction.
Instead of having open ditches at the side of highways, land drains can be installed. The excavated trenches are completely filled with gravel (i.e., no soil cover). This is far safer than open trenches if a vehicle should run off the highway.
Problems.
Holes or gaps have to be left in the pipes to allow water to transfer from the subsoil to the pipe and these tend to block with soil or allow silt into the pipe, so blocking it or reducing the flow of water. This can be partially overcome by surrounding the pipes with gravel. However, with time even the gravel becomes choked with soil/silt, so in the latest practice, the gravel is surrounded with a geotextile material which filters out soil particles. Ideally, land drains are laid with access points so that high pressure water jetting is possible to clear silt. However, whatever the technology, all land drains have a finite life and eventually become ineffective due to the ingress of silt and/or the blocking of the surrounding filter media.

</doc>
<doc id="19747760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747760" title="Teodorico Pedrini">
Teodorico Pedrini

Teodorico Pedrini, C.M. (June 30th, 1671 – December 10th, 1746), was an Italian Vincentian priest, musician and composer, but mainly missionary for 36 years at the Imperial Court of China. 
Pedrini was born in Fermo, in the Marche, then part of the Papal States. He was the founder of the Xizhimen Church (西堂) in Běijīng. He was the music teacher to three sons of the Qing Dynasty's Kangxi Emperor, he was co-author of the first treatise on Western Music theory ever written in Chinese: the "LǜlǚZhèngyì-Xùbiān", later included in the "Siku Quanshu". 
His Chinese name was 德理格 - "Dé Lĭgé".
Biography.
He was baptized Paolo Filippo Teodorico Pedrini on 6 July 1671, in the parish church of St. Michael the Archangel, in Fermo in the Marche.
His father, Giovanni Francesco Pedrini, who had been born in Servigliano on February 5th, 1630, had worked as notary in his native town for two years from 1654 to 1656, before going to Rome for ten years, as Chancellor for the "Auditor Camerae". He then became the most important notary in Fermo, from 1669 to his death in 1707. 
Teodorico’s mother was Nicolosa Piccioni, born in Fermo on March 14th, 1650, daughter of another notary, Giovanni Francesco Piccioni, from Altidona.
Teodorico received his clerical Tonsure in 1687, and the minor orders in Fermo in 1690. He attended the University in Fermo, graduating in "Utroque Iure" on June 26th, 1692. From November 16th, 1692 to August 7th, 1697 he lived in the Collegio Piceno in Rome. In this period he joined the Academy of Arcadia in 1696, where he got the name of "Dioro Taumasio".
On December 21st, 1697 he got the Sub-diaconate; on February 23rd, 1698 he joined the Congregation of the Mission of St. Vincent de Paul (known as the Vincentians or Lazarists), in March 1698 he was ordained a deacon and two weeks later – on the Easter night of 1698 - presbyter, in the Basilica of St. John Lateran in Rome. In June 1698 he entered the Lazarist house of Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Rome, where he remained until January 1702, when he was sent to China, as a missionary of the Propaganda Fide, after meeting Pope Clement XI.
Journey to China.
Pedrini's journey to China was very long, at first following the Via Francigena to Livorno, then by ship to Toulon, and then Paris, where the Nuncio was Filippo Antonio Gualterio, also born in Fermo.
Although selected as a member of the first papal legation of Patriarch Carlo Tommaso Maillard de Tournon, who had already left from Spain to the Canary Islands, Pedrini never managed to join him, and, after waiting a year and a half, sailed from Saint Malo with other missionaries, on 26 December 1703, on a French ship heading to South America. The ship landed in Peru 31 December 1704, and stayed there for more than one year. In 1705 he arrived in Mexico but only in March 1707 did he manage to sail from Acapulco, on a Manila galleon.
After reaching the Mariana Islands, Pedrini arrived in the Philippines, where he stayed for almost two years. In Mariveles he joined five other missionaries of the Propaganda Fide, among whom was Matteo Ripa (who later founded the Chinese College in Neaples, now "Università degli studi di Napoli L'Orientale"), and together they reached Macau on January 1710. Here they met Cardinal Tournon, who recommended Pedrini as a musician at court, in answer to a request from "Kāngxī" himself. After assisting him on his death-bed on 8 June 1710, they set off for "Běijīng", where they finally arrived on 6 February 1711.
Life in Běijīng.
Being, along with Matteo Ripa, the first non-Jesuit missionaries to settle at the Chinese court, 100 years after Matteo Ricci's death, in 1714 Pedrini spoke with the Kangxi Emperor about the Pope's decisions over the Chinese Rites, so he could send back to Rome the emperor's peaceful reactions on the matter. His reports to Rome met the negative reaction of the Jesuits, who strongly opposed the Decrees. This contrast marked all his missionary life, and led him to the dramatic events of 1721 when, at the end of the second Legation of the Patriarch Carlo Ambrogio Mezzabarba, he refused to sign the final document called Mandarin’s Diary, and was imprisoned in the residence of the French Jesuits in "Běijīng" until 1723. The Yongzheng Emperor set him free in February 1723 but the whole fact caused the bitter polemics in Rome in the following years until 1730, which anticipated the final condemnation of the Chinese Rites, with the papal Bull "Ex Quo Singulari" in 1742.
His last years.
In 1723 Pedrini bought the residence of "Xītáng", where he established the first Church of Propaganda Fide in "Běijīng".
Towards the end of his life Pedrini reconciled himself with the Jesuit missionaries, without denying his faithfulness to the Holy See, which had brought him so many problems in all his life, especially from 1714 to 1721.
Pedrini died during the night of 10 December 1746, in his house of "Xītáng" in Běijīng, China, without ever returning to Italy, and was buried in the cemetery of Propaganda Fide, at the expenses of the Qianlong Emperor.
Pedrini's gravestone, visible till the first part of last century in the wall of the All Saints Church, does not exist anymore.
The mission and the music.
Pedrini was a missionary in China from 1710 to 1746, the year of his death. His importance in the first half of 18th century is connected with two main fields:
History of the Church.
The doctrinal issues involving the Mission in China in the period between the end of 17th century and the beginning of the 18th century saw Teodorico Pedrini as one of its main characters.
The so-called Chinese rites controversy concerned the way in which the Christian religious practice was to be considered, especially in connection to the Chinese practice of Confucian origin, which the Jesuits, following Matteo Ricci’s teaching, were willing to permit to the converted Christians.
Pedrini was one of the few missionaries who kept to the directives of the Holy See in that regard, which had repeatedly forbidden (first with the Decree "Cum Deus Optimus" in 1704, then with the Bullas "Ex Illa Die" in 1715, and "Ex Quo Singulari" in 1742) the mixture of Christian and Confucian practices. His fidelity to the decisions of Rome brought to Pedrini beatings and imprisonment. In the most delicate period of the controversy, Pedrini was the main representative of Propaganda Fide in "Běijīng"; in such a position he held regular epistolary contacts with the Vatican.
As missionary to the Chinese court, Pedrini carried out also another important project: in 1723 he bought a large residence where he opened to the cult the first non-Jesuit Church in "Běijīng": the Church of "Xītáng", the Western Church. The church was destroyed twice after his death and was twice re-built. It is still standing nowadays and, after a recent restoration, it has been opened again exactly in the same place where Pedrini built it: at n° 130 of Xizhimennei Dajie, one of the largest avenues of the Chinese capital city, on the way between the Forbidden City and the Old Summer Palace, in those times the Emperor’s residence. Still readable on one of the sidewalls in the Church, an inscription reminds the visitors of the name of its founder.
History of music and cultural relations between East and West.
Besides being a priest, Pedrini was also a musician. This competence helped him first to be admitted to the court of the Chinese emperors and then to gain the favour of three successive emperors, ruling during his lifetime - the Kangxi Emperor (1662–1722), the Yongzheng Emperor (1722–1735) and the Qianlong Emperor (1735–1796). As a musician, Pedrini was the teacher of three sons of the Kangxi Emperor, and he constructed musical instruments and mended those present at court.
In addition, carrying on with the work of his predecessor, the Portuguese Jesuit Tomas Pereira, Pedrini completed the text of the first treatise on Western music theory ever published in China, the "LǜlǚZhèngyì-Xùbiān", which was later included in the huge encyclopedic work called "Siku Quanshu" (1781).
With this work Pedrini asserted himself as one of the main figures in the introduction of western music in China.
Furthermore, Pedrini is the author of the only Western Baroque music compositions known in China in the 18th century: the "Dodici Sonate a Violino Solo col Basso del Nepridi – Opera Terza" whose original manuscript is still preserved in the National Library of "Běijīng".
Works.
"Dodici Sonate a Violino Solo col Basso del Nepridi – Opera Terza", in National Library of China; these scores were recorded in 1996 by the French group "XVIII-21 Musique des Lumières" directed by Jean-Christophe Frisch, with the title "Concert Baroque à la Cité Interdite".

</doc>
<doc id="19747780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747780" title="Women on the Run">
Women on the Run

Women on the Run (Traditional Chinese: 窈窕熟女) is a TVB modern drama series broadcast in July 2005 to February 2006 on Sundays.
Cast.
Episode 1
Episode 2
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 5
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Episode 10
Episode 11-

</doc>
<doc id="19747789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747789" title="Las Vegas High School Neighborhood Historic District">
Las Vegas High School Neighborhood Historic District

Las Vegas High School Neighborhood Historic District, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a district. The Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium in included within the district.
When nominated, the area included 236 properties of which 4 were listed on the National Register of Historic Places and a total of 150 properties were contributing properties.
Boundary.
Gass Avenue to 6th Street to Garces Avenue to 8th Street to Garces Avenue, north to Clark Avenue to 8th Street to Bridger Avenue to Chef Andre Rochet Place West to 6th Street to Bonneville Avenue south to Garces Avenue, south and then east to 7th Street and back to Garces Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19747790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747790" title="David Jenkins (rugby born 1904)">
David Jenkins (rugby born 1904)

David "Dai" Jenkins (12 April 1904 – 13 August 1951) was a Welsh dual-code international rugby footballer who played rugby union for Swansea and rugby league for Leeds RLFC, and representing internationally in both sports.
Rugby career.
Jenkins joined Swansea from Neath in 1924, and while with Swansea faced two touring international teams. In 1927 he played against the New Zealand Māori rugby union team and then in 1927 the New South Wales Waratahs. Jenkins gained his first cap for Wales team when he was selected to face the Waratahs again in their 1927 tour. Jenkins only other Welsh union cap was in the 1929 Five Nations Championship when he was chosen to face England on 19 January. Under the captaincy of Ivor Jones, Wales lost their eighth consecutive game at Twickenham with the final score 8-3 to England. Jenkins may have gained further caps but when the next Welsh game was played on 2 February, Jenkins was playing rugby league for Leeds RLFC, having switched codes for £370, (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £70,500 in 2009). He went on to represent against Australia in the 1929 Ashes series.
International matches played.
Wales
Genealogical Information.
David "Dai" Jenkins, Snr. was the father of the rugby league footballer, David "Dai" Jenkins, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19747807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747807" title="New Libertarian Manifesto">
New Libertarian Manifesto

New Libertarian Manifesto is a libertarian philosophical treatise by Samuel Edward Konkin III. It is the first explanation of agorism, a philosophy created by Konkin. Konkin proffers various arguments of how a free society would function as well as examples of existing gray and black markets. It contains criticisms of using political (i.e. activist or legislative) or violent means, and advocates non-politics with non-voting as a strategy. Finally, Konkin describes the steps of using the black market to dismantle the state, a strategy known as counter-economics.
The work was first printed by Anarchosamisdat Press in October 1980, and subsequently by Koman Publishing Co. in February 1983 and by KoPubCo in 2006. Konkin declared the book to be a "black market best-seller".
Reception.
Rothbard.
The manifesto was criticized by philosopher Murray Rothbard. He found the manifesto's assertion that wage labor was undesirable or that it would disappear to be absurd, noting specifically the manufacturing industry as one that could not be handled economically by self-employed independent contractors due to transaction costs. Rothbard also pointed out that wage labor made it unnecessary for poor workers to purchase their own capital equipment; this could be left to the capitalists. Rothbard also viewed it as implausible that the black market could out-compete the white market at providing goods such as automobiles, steel, and cement that are less valuable and harder to conceal than jewels, gold, drugs, etc. Rothbard viewed the black market as being, in any case, ineffective at bringing down tyrannical regimes and perhaps even helpful in propping up otherwise economically unviable systems such as the Soviet Union's. However, Rothbard did offer some praise, stating, "Konkin's writings are to be welcomed. Because we need a lot more polycentrism in the movement. Because he shakes up Partyarchs who tend to fall into unthinking complacency. And especially because he cares deeply about liberty and can read-and-write, qualities which seem to be going out of style in the libertarian movement." Konkin wrote a reply to Rothbard's critique.
Others.
Libertarian Robert LeFevre hailed the work "for its position respecting consistency, objective and method" and claimed that "it will have and deserves to have a compelling influences upon members of the 'old' left."

</doc>
<doc id="19747810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747810" title="Association of Professional Football Leagues">
Association of Professional Football Leagues

The Association of Professional Football Leagues was a compact formed in 1946 among the National Football League and three minor leagues of professional American football: the American Association (which subsequently changed its name to the American Football League), the Dixie League, and the Pacific Coast Professional Football League. While the NFL had an informal farm system in the pre-World War II AA, this was the first time in which it had a working arrangement with multiple leagues whose local popularity rivaled that of the major league. The agreement lasted less than two years, its termination triggered by the folding of the Dixie League after one of its members jumped to the American Football League one week into the 1947 season.
Background.
In the years immediately before the beginning of US involvement in World War II, the local popularity of the Dixie League, the American Association, and the Pacific Coast Professional Football League rivaled that of the NFL (which, in 1940-1941, was battling with an upstart "major league," the third American Football League, which had been raiding the rosters of NFL teams to stock its own), and the NFL had working arrangements with five of the six teams in the AA. The PCPFL benefited from the absence of the NFL west of the Mississippi River and fierce rivalries in the Los Angeles area; similarly, the Dixie League had its strength of support in Virginia and North Carolina (half of the teams were based in the Hampton Roads area), away from the presence of the NFL.
In the wake of the attack on Pearl Harbor, every American professional league was at a crossroads as the American entry into World War II meant that the number of men available to play football would be greatly diminished. The NFL and PCPFL opted to continue; the AA and Dixie League suspended operations after planning to continue play after the end of the war (the third AFL made a similar decision, but did not return). 
Formation.
In September 1945, Harry Howren, owner of the Norfolk Shamrocks of the Dixie League, revealed in an announcement that not only was the league reorganizing for the 1946 season, but it was also planning to attend a meeting with the AA (which was also reorganizing under a new name, the American Football League) and the PCPFL. Howren also stated, "We want full recognition by the National Football League and its assistance in its protection of players." In the meantime, the NFL's former Cleveland Rams and the newly formed All-America Football Conference announced intentions of playing on the West Coast.
On March 24, 1946, PCPFL president J. Rufus Klawans announced the formation of the Association of Professional Football leagues, with Klawans as chairman and Joe Rosentover, AFL president, as vice chairman. In the announcement, Klawans explained that the association was formed to restrict the jumping of players from one member league to another and to recognize the "territorial rights of its members." He added, "We hope the National as well as all new football leagues, such as the All-America conference… will join our association for the good of professional football." Later that day, NFL president Bert Bell announced that his league would also join after agreeing on few terms with the minor leagues. The AAFC did not become a member.
Provisions.
The agreement between the "big three" leagues and the NFL had several provisions. 
The NFL agreed to resolve scheduling conflicts with the PCPFL regarding their operations in Los Angeles, where the Bulldogs were the established team and the Rams, formerly based in Cleveland, were the newcomers.
The minor leagues agreed to uphold a five-year ban on NFL players who jumped from the major league to the "big three" (actually just the PCPFL, who signed away several NFL players in 1945, while the other two leagues were inactive). This provision was later applied to players who jumped to the AAFC or any other "outlaw league."
The compact permitted the NFL to establish working relationships with teams in all three minor league circuits (while the AA had such an arrangement with the NFL prior to 1945, the Dixie League did not; the PCPFL generally did not embrace the concept).
A mechanism was put in place to prevent the NFL teams from stockpiling players in the AFL and the Dixie League. Under this prevision, if a player from a NFL team were to be sent to its "farm team," he must be either kept by the destination team or become a free agent. If he were kept by the farm team and later recalled by the NFL team, he could not be returned to the farm team without first becoming a free agent.
While the agreement dealt with rights concerning the movement and hiring of players, it remained silent in terms of territorial rights between minor league teams. It proved to be a fatal error.
Demise.
After a 1946 season that saw continued success for the minor leagues, and the NFL weathering the AAFC challenge, no one could envision the quickness of the demise of the Association of American Professional Football Leagues the following fall.
Just before the start of the 1947 season, two members of the Dixie League dropped out of the league, leaving the circuit with only four competing teams. On October 5, 1947, they played the first games of the season. Three days later, the Richmond Rebels of the Dixie League purchased the assets of the defunct Long Island Indians of the AFL and jumped to the other league. Dixie League president Tom Hanes protested to NFL president Bert Bell, who agreed that he did not agree to such a shift, but since it didn’t involve any member team of the National Football League, he – and the Association of American Professional Football Leagues – could do nothing about it.
Left with only three teams, the Dixie League folded the next day. The compact effectively ended when the DL collapsed. On February 4, 1948, the NFL officially ended it by dissolving the links to the AFL.
The Pacific Coast Professional Football League lasted one more season, limping to the end after the Los Angeles Bulldogs moved to a small stadium in Long Beach, California and cancelled their last two scheduled games for the 1948 season, ending the league. The AFL lasted through the 1950 season as the transplanted Rebels won the last two championships before the league called it a day.

</doc>
<doc id="19747820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747820" title="Deer Lake Red Wings">
Deer Lake Red Wings

The Deer Lake Red Wings are a senior ice hockey team based in Deer Lake, Newfoundland and Labrador as a part of the Newfoundland West Coast Senior Hockey League.
Many consider the Corner Brook Royals one of the biggest rivals of the Red Wings.
NHL Connection.
Without a doubt, Darren Langdon is one of Deer Lake's most popular players, mostly because of his former NHL career.
Langdon has played for the New York Rangers, Carolina Hurricanes, Vancouver Canucks, Montreal Canadiens and New Jersey Devils. 
He has played in 521 NHL games.
Langdon has a bar in Deer Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19747836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747836" title="Kazi Zainul Abedin">
Kazi Zainul Abedin

Kazi Mohammed Zainul Abedin (Urdu: قاضى ﻣﺤﻤﺪ ﺯﻳﻦ ﺍﻟﻌﺎﺑﺪﻳﻦ) (December 8, 1892 — May 23, 1962) was a famous Urdu poet and a very senior officer in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad. He was also the last Kazi of Udgir under the Hyderabad State.
Ancestry.
Kazi Zainul Abedin was born in Parbhani on December 8, 1892. He was the only son of Kazi Mohammed Badruddin Hussain and Rahimunnisa Begam.
His lineage traces back to the first Caliph Abu Bakr. He was also a direct descendent of the famous Sufi Baha-ud-din Zakariya Multani (1160-1267). One of the great-grandsons of Baha-ud-din Zakariya Multani, i.e. Shaykh Nizamuddin moved to the Deccan in South India during the reign of Sultan Muhammad bin Tughluq around the year 1343. Subsequently, this branch of the family settled down in Hyderabad for over six centuries. 
Kazi Zainul Abedin’s ancestors were given the title of "Kazi", i.e. judge and administrators of the various towns that were located west of the city of Hyderabad - like Qandahar, Udgir, Parbhani, etc. He was the last of the series of Kazis of Udgir in District Bidar, Hyderabad State.
Education.
Kazi Zainul Abedin acquired his basic education in Arabic, Persian and English, following the Dars-i-Nizami. He was the first person in the entire family to have ever learnt the English language, which was considered a great asset in India which was then governed by the British. During his time, there was a general opposition against learning the English language in the literary circles of the Muslims of Hyderabad. He countered this opposition to acquire knowledge of the Western science.
He then completed his Matriculation from University of Bombay during 1910-1912. It is reported that he used to be ill most of the time during this period. Therefore, he reverted to Hyderabad and took admission at the Nizam College, from where he completed his Intermediate in 1915.
Career in the Government of Hyderabad.
Upon graduation from Nizam College in 1915, he sat for the Hyderabad Civil Service (H.C.S.) examination, and stood first in the competition. He entered the HCS in 1916. 
He is one of the earliest officers of the coveted Hyderabad Civil Service and eventually rose up to the rank of a Secretary (or Nazim) in the government of the Nizam of Hyderabad State. His eldest son Kazi Abdur Rasheed also followed in his footsteps and joined the Hyderabad Civil Service in 1946, two years before the fall of Hyderabad State to Indian armed forces.
After entering the civil service, his first posting was for revenue training in Akola and Amraoti. In subsequent years, he passed the departmental examination of C.P. and Berar, and stood first in Berar in the Revenue Higher Examination. He then passed the Judicial Higher examination with credit, and the Accounts Higher and Survey Higher exams as well. Amongst the vernacular languages, he gained proficiency in Marhatti, and passed the Marhatti Written Test as well.
During his professional career, he held the following positions: 
Kazi of Udgir.
Kazi Zainul Abedin was the last of the officiating Kazis of Udgir under the Hyderabad State. It was a culmination of centuries of family tradition. His ancestors had held this position for nearly 600 years. With the loss of Hyderabad State to Indian forces in 1948, he had to abandon his position along with his vast land holdings and move to Pakistan.
Migration to Pakistan.
After the independence of India and Pakistan in August 1947, the State of Hyderabad experienced a period of great uncertainty. The Nizam refused to accede to either India or Pakistan although he had inclinations towards Pakistan. Landlocked by India, he could not afford to declare an immediate merger with Pakistan. During the following year, India consolidated its position, and finally invaded Hyderabad State in October 1948. This invasion is also given the misnomer of “Police Action”, although it was a full invasion by the Indian army.
The fall of Hyderabad State to the invading Indian forces in 1948 had a devastating impact on most of the noble families of Hyderabad. Many of them migrated to Pakistan, Gulf States, or Europe. Kazi Zainul Abedin also decided to make his move to seek safety for his family. He moved first to Bombay and then took a passenger ship to the port city of Karachi at the end of 1948.
Thus, a year after the creation of Pakistan, Kazi Zainul Abedin moved to Pakistan and settled down in Mirpurkhas, Sindh in 1948. He had lost all of his vast estate in Hyderabad and Udgir along with most of his belongings. He had to start his life afresh in his old age, after having led a very successful life. The government of Pakistan partly compensated him out of the evacuee properties left behind by those Hindus who had migrated to India. He was given nearly of land in Mirpurkhas along with a flour mill and a printing press. 
For the next several years, he struggled to establish himself. He spent the rest of his years at Mirpurkhas in developing agricultural farms and social work in that area. Most of the area of the province of Sindh was backward. The British had not paid enough attention towards the development of these towns and villages. It was an uphill task to work towards development projects and help in alleviating poverty in the region. 
Kazi Zainul Abedin died on 23 May 1962 and was buried on his farms in Mirpurkhas.
Family.
Kazi Zainul Abedin was married first to Sahibni Begum (popularly known as Pasha Begum) in the year 1919. She was the great granddaughter of the famous Sufi of Tekmal Sayyid Sahib Husayni. She bore him 2 sons (Kazi Abdur Rasheed and Kazi Abdul Qayum), and four daughters (Razia Begum, Aliya Begum, Humaira Begum, and Abida Begum). His wife Sahibni Begum died at a very young age in 1927, after birth of Abida Begum. 
Since his children were very young, Kazi Zainul Abedin decided to get married again. He married Zohra Begum, who was the daughter of Kazi Ahmed Muneeruddin, the Kazi of Parbhani, and a niece of his first wife. Zohra Begum bore him one daughter (Zakiya Begum), and three sons (Kazi Saeeduddin Masood, Kazi Badruddin Sayeed, and Kazi Mazharuddin Tariq).
His grandsons include Kazi Vicaruddin, Dr. Kazi Taqiuddin Adil, Kazi Zulkader Siddiqui, Kazi Abdul Muktadir and Dr. Kazi Uzair
Poetry.
Kazi Zainul Abedin was a poet in his own right, and has published his collection of poems ("diwan") as well. He used to write under the pen-name (takhallus) of Abid.
Many of his poems and short couplets are engraved on buildings, monuments and projects in Hyderabad State that he inaugurated or established. Often, his couplets would depict the year of establishment of that particular building or monument through literary forms. He was famous for using the Arabic letters that had a numerical value to determine an actual date through names and poetic couplets. 
He named his children and grandchildren in a manner that the same Arabic letters within the name would add up to the year of birth. This was a great art that he had mastered.
Publications.
Kazi Zainul Abedin has authored a number of articles and books on poetry, literature, history, religion, and ethics.
Some of his books that have been published are as follows:
These books are out of print, and copies are available in rare private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19747840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747840" title="Comparison between U.S. states and countries by GDP (nominal) per capita">
Comparison between U.S. states and countries by GDP (nominal) per capita

This is a comparison between US states and countries' per capita nominal Gross Domestic Product. These figures are based on the International Monetary Fund list on List of countries by GDP (nominal) per capita for world GDP, and the List of U.S. states by GDP per capita (nominal) figures. 
The US is not counted as a whole in the overall rank because this would be double counting since the states of the US are being compared to other countries. These figures are calculated using exchange rate conversions, and exchange rates fluctuate from year to year.

</doc>
<doc id="19747842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747842" title="Vasser">
Vasser

Vasser may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19747845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747845" title="Edward Auer">
Edward Auer

Edward Auer (born December 7, 1941, New York City) is an American classical pianist. In 1965, he became the first American to prize in the International Chopin Piano Competition. Due to his frequent and subsequent touring in Poland, Mr. Auer is recognized worldwide as one of the leading interpreters of Frédéric Chopin. Auer has also displayed his consummate skill and broad repertoire—from Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, and Schumann to Rachmaninoff, Ravel, Stravinsky, Shostakovich, and others—while touring the U.S., Europe, and Asia. He is currently a Professor of Piano at the Jacobs School of Music of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.
Early life.
While growing up in Los Angeles, Auer studied piano under Aube Tzerko and composition with Leonard Stein. Auer continued his studies at the Juilliard School of Music under the tutelage of Rosina Lhévinne and for two years in Paris on a Fulbright Study Grant under Julius Katchen.
Career.
Auer won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions in 1964 and was a prize winner at the prestigious 7th International Chopin Piano Competition in 1965. He was the first American to win a prize at the latter competition.
According to Robert Cummings at Allmusic, "The mid-'60s were a pivotal time for the young pianist: in 1964 he won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions; the following year he finished fifth in the Chopin Competition (Warsaw) and second in the Vienna-based Beethoven; he captured fifth in the 1966 Tchaikovsky (Moscow) and first in the 1967 Long-Thibaud Competition in Paris. In the midst of these successes, Auer made his debut at Carnegie Hall (1964) playing the Chopin Second Piano Concerto and launched his first U.S./Canadian tour (1965–1966), giving recitals and appearing with major orchestras like the Los Angeles Philharmonic."
Since his 1964 New York debut in Carnegie Hall under the auspices of Young Concert Artists, Auer has spent his career playing extensively throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia, performing solo recitals and concerts in 30 countries, including the United States, Europe, Japan, Israel, and Australia. Since 1965, Auer has performed more than twenty tours in Poland alone.
According to his website, Auer has performed as a soloist with the Los Angeles Philharmonic; the Detroit, Atlanta, and Baltimore symphonies; NHK Tokyo; RIAS Orchestra Berlin; Orchestre National Paris; and many others.
Style.
Auer is known to perform with a stoic demeanor. Herald Times music critic Peter Jacobi captures the essence of an Auer performance, "He plays with enviable force and clarity. The show of emotion so absent in his demeanor floods from his fingers."
Recordings.
Edward Auer has recorded for RCA Japan, Toshiba EMI, Erato, Camerata, TownHall, and other labels.
In November 2008, Auer released his latest recording "Chopin Nocturnes vol. 1" on his privately owned and independent label, Culture Demain Recordings.
Auer's first recording has received praise from classical music critic Harris Goldsmith, who says of "Chopin Nocturnes vol. 1", "Auer’s eloquence and technical powers have deepened and attained additional communicative and interpretative mastery, but this new anthology undoubtedly takes an honored place alongside the greatest extant editions of these copiously recorded masterpieces, e.g. Rubinstein’s c. 1938 versions, Ivan Moravec’s, and Tamas Vasary’s—to name my few favorites."
In multiple interviews, Auer has stated that "Chopin Nocturnes vol. 1" is the first of eight volumes that he will release in celebration of Frédéric Chopin's life. He has also said that the Chopin project is purposely timed to coincide with the bicentennial celebration of Chopin's birth in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19747859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747859" title="The Voice of America (album)">
The Voice of America (album)

The Voice of America is the second studio album by English band Cabaret Voltaire. It was released in July 1980, through record label Rough Trade.
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" described the album as "an uneven work". AllMusic called it "Not as spectacular as what would follow", but not without its own set of thrills."
Samples.
"Stay Out Of It" samples three phrases from the "Outer Limits" episode "Demon with a Glass Hand": "the third part of your brain... you know where it is?", "don't kill me, please... please..." and "the hand... tell me what to do".

</doc>
<doc id="19747876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747876" title="Epiphone DeArmond Ashborybird IV">
Epiphone DeArmond Ashborybird IV

The Epiphone DeArmond Ashborybird IV is a custom Ashbory-style electric bass guitar using a defretted Epiphone Mandobird IV body. The Epiphone DeArmond Ashborybird IV resembles the standard issue Epiphone Thunderbird IV bass.

</doc>
<doc id="19747910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747910" title="Sheep Mountain Range Archeological District">
Sheep Mountain Range Archeological District

Sheep Mountain Range Archeological District is an archeological site, located in Clark County, Nevada, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The site is currently an underwater conservation area.
Archeologist W. Geoffrey Spaulding discovered yucca remains and macrofossils of piñon nuts ("Pinus monophylla") at the site in pack rat waste that date between 1990–5210 BP.

</doc>
<doc id="19747916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747916" title="Poncione di Valleggia">
Poncione di Valleggia

The Poncione di Valleggia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Bedretto, in the Swiss canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19747927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747927" title="Giuseppe Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla">
Giuseppe Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla

Giuseppe Gonzaga (March 20, 1690 – August 16, 1746) was the last Duke of Guastalla.
He was the second son of Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Maria Vittoria Gonzaga, and was mentally handicapped.<br>
When his elder brother Duke Antonio Ferrante died in an accident in 1729, Giuseppe was the only remaining male member of the Gonzaga family, so he became Duke.
Giuseppe would probably never have married, but when he became Duke a marriage was arranged in 1731 with the sixteen year-old Eleonore von Holstein (1715–1760), daughter of Duke Leopold of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg. The marriage remained childless.
During the War of Polish Succession the Duchy was occupied by the French for four years, between 1734 and 1738.
When Giuseppe Gonzaga died in 1746, Italy was again a theater of war in the War of Austrian Succession, and the Duchy was annexed by Austria.
Two years later, in the Treaty of Aix-La-Chapelle, Guastalla was ceded to the Spanish, together with the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza, with which it was merged.

</doc>
<doc id="19747942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747942" title="Jona (disambiguation)">
Jona (disambiguation)

Jona may also refer to:
People with the given name Jona:
People with the surname Jona:

</doc>
<doc id="19747952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747952" title="Il Madone">
Il Madone

Il Madone is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. On its southern side lies Lago del Narèt.

</doc>
<doc id="19747956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747956" title="Constitution of Åland">
Constitution of Åland

Åland is a part of Finland and is governed by the Constitution of Finland. The Constitution does mention Åland (§ 25, 58, 75, 120) but immediately refers to the Autonomy Act of Åland. This is an ordinary act. However, its provisions affect constitutional rights.
The Autonomy Act of Åland defines the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="19747958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747958" title="Alessio Locatelli">
Alessio Locatelli

Alessio Locatelli (born 17 March 1978) is an Italian football goalkeeper. Amongst the teams he played for are U.S. Pro Vercelli Calcio, Spezia Calcio and Botev.
Botev Plovdiv.
Locatelli signed with Botev for three years on 24 November 2008 but was fast released on free for poor performances. He was given the №30 shirt.

</doc>
<doc id="19747963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747963" title="Zorz">
Zorz


</doc>
<doc id="19747971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747971" title="Armstrong Elementary School (Highland Park, Texas)">
Armstrong Elementary School (Highland Park, Texas)

John S. Armstrong Elementary School is a public primary school located at 3600 Cornell Avenue in Highland Park, Texas, United States. The school, a part of the Highland Park Independent School District, serves pre-Kindergarten through 5th Grade. The school serves sections of Dallas, Highland Park, and University Park.
For the 1985-1986 school year Armstrong was named a National Blue Ribbon School.

</doc>
<doc id="19747986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747986" title="Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa">
Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa

Vyalikaya Byerastavitsa (, , ) is an urban settlement in Belarus, Hrodna voblast, Byerastavitsa raion. It's the capital city of the Byerastavitsa raion. It's located near the city of Grodno.

</doc>
<doc id="19747989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19747989" title="Poncione di Braga">
Poncione di Braga

Poncione di Braga is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is located in the upper Valle Maggia, south of the Cristallina.

</doc>
<doc id="19748024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748024" title="Pizzo Castello">
Pizzo Castello

Pizzo Castello is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. It is situated in the upper Valle Maggia, between the Val Bavona (west) and Valle di Peccia (east).

</doc>
<doc id="19748039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748039" title="Speaking our Language">
Speaking our Language

Speaking our Language was a Scottish Gaelic learners television programme that ran from 1993 to 1996. Running for 72 episodes through four series, the series was produced by Scottish Television (STV Productions) and presented by Rhoda MacDonald, STV's then-head of Gaelic output. It was frequently repeated on TeleG and is now repeated on BBC Alba, and all four series have been released on DVD.
The series was based on "Now You're Talking", a similar Welsh-language learners' series broadcast on S4C and developed by Acen, a resource service for Welsh learners, who acted as programme consultants for "Speaking our Language".
Structure.
Each episode begins with Rhoda introducing where it was recorded and what it will cover. Each set of new phrases is introduced by Rhoda and then followed by some short dramatisations which show examples of how the words and phrases are used. Once an episode an extended drama (with a continuing story line through the series) is used to give a deeper example of how the vocabulary introduced in the episode can be used. In the first two series the drama is called "Aig an taigh" (At Home), following a family who have moved to Glasgow and are settling into life there; whereas in last two series the drama for intermediate learners "Càirdeas" (Friendship) is about the complexity of love and friendship among the protagonists - Ceit, Anna, Iseabail, Tormod, Iain, Seumas, Murchadh, Bill, Eòghainn etc. The episodes are summed up during the episode and at the end with the voice over going over the phrases introduced.
References.
Producer(s): Amanda Berry (Series 1)/ Anne Lorne Gillies (Series 2 & 3) / Erina Reiner Series 4

</doc>
<doc id="19748058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748058" title="University Park Elementary School (Texas)">
University Park Elementary School (Texas)

University Park Elementary School is a public primary school located at 3505 Amherst Avenue in University Park, Texas, United States. The school, a part of the Highland Park Independent School District, serves pre-Kindergarten through 4th Grade. The school serves sections of Dallas and University Park.
For the 1987-1988 and 2006 school years University Park was named a National Blue Ribbon School.

</doc>
<doc id="19748068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748068" title="Taring Padi">
Taring Padi

Taring Padi is a community of underground artists in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. They formed in 1998 during the general upheaval following the fall of Suharto.
Taring Padi are well known for the production of cartoonlike posters embedded with political and social justice messages, using the "cukil" (woodcut) technique onto paper or canvas. In addition to their print work, they also create kinetic sculptures, street theater performances, punk rock and techno music. 
After the fall of Suharto, Taring Padi occupied an abandoned art school, which they use as a residence and workspace for creating art, music and theater. Post the 1996 Yogyakarta earthquake Taring Padi has been based in their studio in Sembungan village, Bantul, Yogyakarta. They are well known among international art collectors and underground communities—such as the Just Seeds Artists Cooperative. 
Works by Taring Padi have been shown in many formal and non-formal settings including Indonesia's National Gallery in Jakarta and at the 31st Century Museum, Chiang Mai, Thailand. Taring Padi was also included in the group show "Sisa: re-use, collaborations and cultural activism from Indonesia" at the University of Technology, Sydney gallery. 
In 2004 a film about Taring Padi by filmmakers Jamie Nicolai and Charlie Hillsmith, "Indonesian Arts, Activism and Rock 'n' Roll" was screened on SBS. A short cut of this film can be seen at YouTube. Filmmaker Rohan Langford has made a brief profile of Taring Padi artist Aris Prabawa, who in 2010 held solo shows at the Asia Australia Arts Centre (4A) and Casula Powerhouse Arts Centre in Sydney, Australia. 
Taring Padi regularly run workshops at their studio and undertake collaborative projects with communities and national and international art and political groups.
In May 2010 Taring Padi and networks, together with the victims of Siring Village and surrounds, collaborated to make a commemoration of the 4th anniversary of the Lapindo Mud disaster. They held etching, screenprinting, painting and singing workshops, culminating with a carnival and a people's stage on the edge of the dam containing the mud. A film documenting this project can be seen and downloaded at engagemedia.org.
In 2010 in Chiang Mai, Thailand (hosted by Empty Space) and 2012 in Yogyakarta (hosted by Taring Padi), Taring Padi collaborated with Thai and Myanmar artists in the project Under, After and In Between. Under, After and In-Between focused on the different circumstances of each country and group and how they can influence the purpose of artistic work. The projects culminated in performances in Chiang Mai, Bangkok, Yogyakarta and Kulon Progo. The third installment of the project is scheduled to be held in Yangoon, Myanmar in 2014 hosted by ThuKhuma Khaye Art Theatre.
Taring Padi published its book "Senii Membongar Tirani" (Art Smashing Tyranny) in 2011 in Indonesian and English covering 10 years of the collective's work, including art work and academic articles. This book was launched in a number of cities in Indonesia in 2012, including Jakarta, Yogyakarta, Denpasar, Bali, Makasar, Sulawesi, Medang & Padang Sumatera & Bandung.

</doc>
<doc id="19748076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748076" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 40">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 40

The 40th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Allegheny County and Washington County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19748085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748085" title="Škoda Motorsport">
Škoda Motorsport

Škoda Motorsport is the division of Czech car manufacturer Škoda Auto responsible for motorsport activities. Škoda competed as a manufacturer in the World Rally Championship between 1999 and 2005, and today competes in the European Rally Championship.
History.
1960s–1998.
Škoda began rallying in the 1960s with the Octavia and 1000MB models, before progressing on to the 110, 120 and 130 series. Most of these were fairly lightly modified versions of the production cars, and with their small engines they competed in the lower power classes. On two occasions Škoda produced more specialised rally cars, the 130RS model in the 1970s, and then the 130LR in 1985-6. This latter car took advantage of the greater freedom allowed by the Group B regulations to run with considerably more power and lighter bodywork, among several other improvements on the standard cars.
Škoda Motorsport, a small outfit by works rally team standards, was at the time run as a department of the main Škoda factory. Among the staff there, working on the rally team was regarded as a highly desirable job, and even many of the drivers were selected from among company staff, although foreign professionals did drive for the team as well. Most notable among these was the Norwegian John Haugland, who appeared for the team on European and World Rallies in the 1970s and 1980s.
Alongside western cars in the same classes, the Škodas were increasingly dated in technological terms. However, they were very reliable, the team was experienced and many of the works drivers were very talented. Consequently, Škoda Motorsport was very successful, especially on long rallies where reliability mattered. Škodas frequently won their classes on world events, and were notably successful on the RAC Rally in Great Britain, in which they took the under-1300cc trophy for seventeen years running. They also scored some high placings overall, among them eighth on the Acropolis Rally in 1973 and 1979, and sixth in San Remo, in 1986. On European Championship events they frequently finished in the top ten, and on events behind the Iron Curtain they were often contenders for outright victory, although against relatively limited opposition.
The rear-engined cars were finally pensioned off in 1989, in favour of the new, front-drive model, which the team used until 1994. Like its predecessors it was sturdy but, with its 1300cc, 110 bhp engine, fairly slow. It continued the team's record of class and category wins, and the introduction for the ‘Formula 2’ category to world rallying in 1993 gave it a chance to chase bigger prizes. Škoda won the Formula 2 World Championship outright in 1994. Škoda was the only works team to contest the entire championship, but equally, on most events it was up against far more advanced and faster cars with a degree of works support, such as the Opel Astra and Nissan Sunny. Drivers Pavel Sibera and Emil Triner finished ninth and tenth overall on that year's Acropolis Rally.
The introduction of the ‘Kit Car’ rules in 1995 gave Škoda the opportunity to produce a more specialist car, which was based on the then-new Felicia model. It was a considerable advance on the and continued to win its class regularly, but in the overall Formula 2 stakes its 1500cc, and later 1600cc, engines did not give it power enough to beat the 2000cc cars it competed directly against. It did, however, score a remarkable result on the 1996 RAC Rally, coming third overall in the hands of veteran driver Stig Blomqvist, a reflection of how well the little car handled in that year's icy conditions.
The Felicia was replaced in 1998 by a Formula 2 version of the Octavia, with a two-litre engine and front-wheel-drive. However, by then the team was preparing the full, four-wheel-drive WRC version of the Octavia and the F2 version contested only a few events.
Since 1998.
Škoda entered the World Rally Championship at the top level for the first time in 1999, with the Škoda Octavia WRC, competing on seven of the 14 events. Armin Schwarz drove one car and the second car was shared by Czech drivers Pavel Sibera and Emil Triner for most of the season, with Bruno Thiry driving the second car on the final event of the season, Rally GB, where he finished fourth, the team's first points finish.
For 2000, the team competed in eight of the 14 rallies, with Schwarz being joined in the team by Spaniard Luís Climent. Schwarz scored the team's only points finish of the year with a fifth on the Acropolis Rally. An Evo2 version of the Octavia WRC was introduced in Cyprus. For 2001, Thiry joined the team full-time in place of Climent, as the team took on 12 of the year's 14 rallies. Schwarz scored points on three occasions, including a third-place finish on the Safari Rally, the team's best result to date. The team also entered a third car for Stig Blomqvist in Finland and for Roman Kresta in San Remo and Rally GB.
For 2002, where the team would compete on every event, Schwarz left the team for fellow-strugglers Hyundai. Kenneth Eriksson moved in the other direction to replace him, while Toni Gardemeister replaced Thiry. A third car was entered for Kresta on most events, with Blomqvist, Gabriel Pozzo and Matthias Kahle also driving the car. Gardemeister finished fifth in Argentina, with Eriksson in sixth, while Gardemeister also finished sixth in Australia. The Octavia WRC Evo3 was introduced mid-season. Škoda brought in former World Champion Didier Auriol to drive alongside Gardemeister in 2003. Both drivers scored points in the first-half of the season, when the Fabia WRC was introduced.
Škoda used 2004 as a development year, and hence only entered seven rallies. Schwarz returned to the team to partner Gardemeister, with Jani Paasonen driving a third car in Finland and Great Britain, Kresta in Germany and Jan Kopecky in Spain. Paasonen finished sixth in Finland, the team's best result of the year.
For 2005, Škoda used a wide range of drivers. Schwarz drove one car on all but one event, with touring car driver Mattias Ekstrom driving it in Sweden. The second car was shared by Alexandre Bengué (on tarmac events), Janne Tuohino, Paasonen, Colin McRae and Mikko Hirvonen. A third car was entered on six rounds and shared by Tuohino, Paasonen and Kopecky. A new version of the Fabia, the WRC05, was introduced at the third round in Mexico. Once again, the team would only score points on a handful of occasions, although McRae showed promise in his two events, running third in Australia when mechanical failure hit.
Škoda withdrew from the WRC at the end of 2005. For 2006, a privateer Škoda team would be run by Baumschlager Rallye & Racing under the name Red Bull-Skoda, with a Škoda Fabia WRC driven by Gilles Panizzi. Kopecky continued to score strong results in a privately entered car run by Czech Rally Team Kopecky. François Duval also raced in season 2006 with Škoda Fabia WRC for First Motorsport.
In Rally Norway 2009, Per-Gunnar Andersson entered Škoda Fabia WRC, won 2 Special Stages but retired after problems with clutch.
It was announced that 2010 IRC champion Juho Hänninen and Herrman Gassner Jr. are going to race in SWRC 2011 in semi-factory team run again by Baumschlager Rallye & Racing with support of Red Bull. Name of the team is Red Bull Škoda. They are going to appear in 7 selected WRC events.
Intercontinental Rally Challenge.
Škoda Motorsport returned to rallying in 2008 with a new Super 2000 version of the Fabia, to be entered in the Intercontinental Rally Challenge Jan Kopecký showed Fabia at Barum Rally Zlín 2008 for the first time when he was driving it as pre-racer. Jan Kopecký and Juho Hänninen were signed as drivers for season 2009. Hänninen took the car's first win on Rally Russia, with Kopecky winning in the Czech Republic and Spain on his way to second in the standings.
In the 2010 season, Škoda Motorsport achieved seven wins, nine 2nd and 3rd places, taking the manufacturers championship after the Barum Rally Zlín. Juho Hänninen achieved the drivers title and also won Rally Argentina, Rally Sardegna and Rally Scotland.
For 2011 season opening rally, famous Rallye Monte Carlo Škoda entered 5 cars. Jan Kopecký, Juho Hänninen, Freddy Loix and Nicolas Vouilloz were entered for Škoda Motorsport and Andreas Mikkelsen for Škoda UK. Mikkelsen crashed into wall at 1st special stage and had to retire at 2nd special stage because of suspension problems after crash. Vouilloz had a puncture at 1st special stage and lost some time. Hänninen was leading after first leg 44.5s before Freddy Loix, Kopecký was 6th and Vouilloz 12th. Second leg of the rally was unlucky for Škoda because drivers had chosen wrong tyres at the service before stages 7 and 8 so they lost a lot of time and Hänninen lost lead and was 6th 2:35.7s after new leader Bryan Bouffier. Freddy Loix dropped from 2nd place to 3rd, 1:05.5s after Bouffier, Vouilloz finished 8th and Kopecký 9th. At the end of the rally Loix achieved 2nd place, Hänninen 6 th, Vouilloz 7th and Kopecký 8th. It was disappointing rally for Škoda because Hänninen was fast enough to win and only wrong tyre choice for 2 special stages cost him win, at least he won Colin McRae IRC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="19748091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748091" title="Eurovapor">
Eurovapor

The eurovapor is a European society of railway fans dedicated to the preservation of steam locomotives and historic railway vehicles. 
History.
"eurovapor" stands for the "Europäische Vereinigung zur betriebsfähigen Erhaltung von Dampflokomotiven und historischem Eisenbahnmaterial"' which means 'European Society for Preservation of Working Steam Locomotives and Historic Railway Stock'. 
It was founded on 17 November 1962 at the Hotel Victoria in Basle. The headquarters of the society is in Zürich. Its aim is not merely to preserve steam locomotives and historic wagons as museum exhibits, but to restore the vehicles and to operated them as a living witness to a bygone technological era. "eurovapor" is mainly active in Switzerland and southern Germany. Its members are organised into sections and they voluntarily maintain and operate 15 steam engines and their associated wagons.
In May 1968 the first steam locomotive, the Class T 3, No.30, was taken over from the "Southwest German Transport Company" ("SWEG") together with three wagons. They were restored to operational condition by 1970 since when they have been working, primarily on the Kander Valley Railway. By 1973 "eurovapor" could already offer steam services on 5 routes: as well as the "Kander Valley Railway", there were also the "Solothurn-Zollikofen-Bern railway" (SZB), the "Vereinigte Bern-Worb Bahnen" (VBW), the "Waldenburgerbahn" (WB) and the line from Metzingen to Bad Urach. From 1974 to July 1980 "eurovapor" has also looked after steam trains on the "Bregenzerwald Railway" in Vorarlberg.
By the end of the 1970s, "eurovapor" had procured, with the assistand of the "Genossenschaft der Dampflokfreunde" ("GdF") larger locomotives as well, like the DB Class 23, no. 23 058, DRG Class 41, no. 41 073, and DRG Class 50, no. 50 2988. Together with the town of Blumberg the museum railway of Wutach Valley Railway was opened in 1977.
Vehicle collection.
The vehicle fleet since 1987 has comprised 15 steam locomotives, a diesel railcar, a railway crane and 60 wagons.
Sections.
In the meantime the sections have partly been made largely independent, in order to divide responsibilities better and to make it easier to be able to achieve charitable status in each country. These sections are however still linked to "eurovapor". They exist in Wutachtal ("WTB e.V."), im Kandertal ("Kandertalbahn e.V.") und im Emmental ("Verein Historische Eisenbahn Emmental").

</doc>
<doc id="19748100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748100" title="Aita Donostia">
Aita Donostia

José Gonzalo Zulaica (San Sebastián, Spain, 1886–1956), better known by his pen name Aita Donostia (Father Donostia or Father San Sebastian, because he was a priest born in San Sebastian, Donostia in the Basque language), was a Basque musicologist and composer. He was also known as José Antonio de Donostia.
From 1936 to 1943 he was in exile in France.
His most popular work is the "Basque Preludes", a set of fifteen piano pieces inspired by Basque traditional music, arranged in a very romantic way, that reminds Robert Schumann's and Edvard Grieg's styles.

</doc>
<doc id="19748105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748105" title="Hyer Elementary School">
Hyer Elementary School

Robert S. Hyer Elementary School is a public primary school located at 3920 Caruth Boulevard in University Park, Texas, United States. The school, a part of the Highland Park Independent School District, serves pre-Kindergarten through 4th Grade. The school serves sections of Dallas and University Park.
For the 1993-1994 and 2005 school years Hyer was named a National Blue Ribbon School.

</doc>
<doc id="19748111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748111" title="De Bono's invasion of Abyssinia">
De Bono's invasion of Abyssinia

De Bono's invasion of Abyssinia took place during the opening stages of the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. Italian General Emilio De Bono invaded northern Abyssinia from staging areas in the Italian colony of Eritrea on what was known as the "northern front."
Background.
Italian dictator Benito Mussolini had long held a desire for a new Italian Empire. Reminiscent of the Roman Empire, Mussolini's new empire was to rule over the Mediterranean and North Africa. His new empire would also avenge past Italian defeats. Chief among these defeats was the Battle of Adowa which took place in Abyssinia on 1 March 1896. Mussolini promised the Italian people "a place in the sun", matching the extensive colonial empires of Britain and France.
Ethiopia was a prime candidate of this expansionist goal for several reasons. Following the Scramble for Africa by the European imperialists, it was one of the few remaining independent African nations. Acquiring Ethiopia would serve to unify Italian-held Eritrea and Italian Somaliland. In addition, Ethiopia was considered to be militarily weak and rich in resources.
In November 1932, per a request from Mussolini, De Bono wrote up a plan for an invasion of Ethiopia. What he wrote indicated that he envisioned a traditional mode of penetration. A limited force would move gradually southward from Eritrea. The force would establish bases of strength and, from these bases, advance against increasingly weakened and disorganized opponents. The invasion DeBono envisioned would be cheap, easy, safe and slow.
Italian invasion.
At precisely 5:00 am on 3 October 1935, General Emilio De Bono crossed the Mareb River and advanced into Ethiopia from Eritrea without a Declaration of War. In response to the Italian invasion, Ethiopia declared war on Italy. At this point in the campaign, roadways represented a serious drawback for the Italians as they crossed into Ethiopia. On the Italian side, roads had been constructed right up to the border. On the Ethiopian side, these roads often transitioned into vaguely defined paths.
General Emilio De Bono was the Commander-in-Chief of all Italian armed forces in East Africa. In addition, he was the Commander-in-Chief of the forces invading from Eritrea, the "northern front." De Bono had under his direct command a force of nine divisions in three Army Corps: The Italian I Corps, the Italian II Corps, and the Eritrean Corps.
General Rodolfo Graziani was De Bono's subordinate. He was the Commander-in-Chief of forces invading from Italian Somaliland, the "southern front." Initially he had two divisions and a variety of smaller units under his command. Soon after De Bono advanced from Eritrea, Graziani would advance into Ethiopia from Somaliland with a force of Italians, Somalis, Eritreans, and Libyans.
Adigrat and Adwa.
On 5 October, the I Corps took Adigrat and, by 6 October 1935, Adwa was captured by the II Corps. In 1896, Adwa was the site of a humiliating Italian defeat during the First Italo–Ethiopian War and now that historic defeat was "avenged." But, in 1935, the Italian capture of Adwa was accomplished with almost no Ethiopian resistance. Haile Selassie had ordered "Ras" Seyum Mangasha, the Commander of the Ethiopian Army of Tigre, to withdraw a day's march away from the Mareb River. Later, he ordered "Ras" Seyum and "Dejazmach" Haile Selassie Gugsa, also in the area, to move back fifty-five and thirty-five miles from the border.
Italy declared aggressor.
On 7 October, the League of Nations declared Italy the aggressor and started the slow process of imposing sanctions. However, these sanctions did not extend to several vital materials, such as oil. The British and French argued that if they refused to sell oil to the Italians, the Italians would then simply get it from the United States, which was not a member of the League (the British and French wanted to keep Mussolini on side in the event of war with Germany, which by 1935 was looking like a distinct possibility). In an effort to find compromise, the Hoare-Laval Plan was drafted (which essentially handed 3/5ths of Ethiopia to the Italians without Ethiopia's consent on the condition the war ended immediately), but when news of the deal was leaked public outrage was such that the British and French governments were forced to wash their hands of the whole affair.
Surrender of Haile Selassie Gugsa.
On 11 October, "Dejazmach" Haile Selassie Gugsa and 1,200 of his followers surrendered to the commander of the Italian outpost at Adagamos. De Bono notified Rome and the Ministry of Information promptly exaggerated the importance of the surrender for propaganda purposes. Haile Selassie Gugsa was Emperor Haile Selassie's son-in-law. But less than a tenth of Haile Selassie Gugsa's army defected with him. Two weeks before the invasion, Haile Selassie had been warned that Haile Selassie Gugsa was not to be trusted and he was shown evidence that suggested that his son-in-law was already in the pay of the Italians. But the Emperor had shrugged it off.
Slavery abolished.
On 14 October, De Bono issued a proclamation ordering the suppression of slavery. However, he was to write: "I am obliged to say that the proclamation did not have much effect on the owners of slaves and perhaps still less on the liberated slaves themselves. Many of the latter, the instant they were set free, presented themselves to the Italian authorities, asking 'And now who gives me food?'"
Axum.
By 15 October, De Bono's forces moved on from Adwa for a bloodless occupation of the holy capital of Axum. The old Fascist entered the city riding triumphantly on a white horse. However, the invading Italians he commanded looted the Obelisk of Axum and, in 1937, it was taken to Rome.
Ethiopian mobilization on the northern front.
Meanwhile, the Ethiopians had mobilized on the northern front. On 17 October, for four hours in Addis Ababa the 70,000 strong "Mahel Safari" jogged past the Emperor. The "Mahel Safari" was led by "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu, the Minister of War. "Ras" Mulugeta and the "Mahel Safari" then moved out by foot along the "Imperial Highway" to Dessie. From Dessie, "Ras" Mulugeta moved his army slowly north towards Amba Aradam. The "Mahel Safari" halted along the way to raze villages and to flog the chiefs of the recalcitrant Azebu and Raya Oromo.
In Gondar, the capital of Begemder Province, "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge of Shewa Province called a "chitet", the traditional mustering of the provincial levies in Begemder. "Ras" Kassa raised an army of 160,000 men. "Ras" Kassa's oldest son, "Dejazmach" Wondosson Kassa, was "Shum" of Begemder. With one-third of this total number, "Ras" Kassa, along with sons Aberra Kassa, Asfawossen Kassa, and Wondosson Kassa, moved north to link up with "Ras" Seyum in the area around Abbi Addi.
In Debra Markos, the capital of Gojjam Province, "Ras" Imru Haile Selassie raised an army of 25,000. He moved north into the area around Shire. In Semien and Wolkait, "Fitawrari" Ayalew Birru was already threatening the Eritrean frontier with 10,000 mountaineers.
Makale.
De Bono's advance continued methodically, deliberately, and, to the consternation of Mussolini, somewhat slowly. On 8 November, the I Corps and the Eritrean Corps captured Makale, Haile Selassie Gugsa's capital in eastern Tigre. This proved to be the limit of how far the Italian invaders would get under the command of De Bono. Increasing pressure from the rest of the world on Mussolini caused him to need fast glittering victories. He was not prepared to hear of obstacles or delays from De Bono.
Aftermath.
On 16 November, De Bono was promoted to the rank of Marshal of Italy ("Maresciallo d'Italia"). But, in December, he was replaced on the northern front because of the slow, cautious nature of his advance. On 17 December, De Bono received State Telegram 13181 ("Telegrama di Stato 13181") which indicated that, with the capture of Makale, his mission was accomplished. He was replaced by Marshal Pietro Badoglio.
Almost immediately, Badoglio was faced with an Ethiopian counterattack known as the Christmas Offensive.

</doc>
<doc id="19748117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748117" title="Rhynchostylis gigantea">
Rhynchostylis gigantea

Rhynchostylis gigantea is a species of orchid. This species was first described in 1896 by John Lindley and occurs in Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Hainan China, Borneo, Bangladesh and the Philippines.
"Rhynchostylis" differs from "Vanda" by the one-lobed lip. "Rhynchostylis" are also commonly called foxtail orchids because of their long, thin, densely packed inflorescences that get up to with sweetly fragrant blooms. The inflorescences appear in autumn and winter. Due to the wide distribution of "Rhynchostylis gigantea" there is a range of different clones: flowers vary slightly in shape and colour (from white to dark red, with spotted forms). 
Unlike "Vanda" species, they need indirect light. "Rhynchostylis gigantea" are best grown in a wood-slat basket with little or no potting material and will grow massive fleshy roots entangled throughout the basket if given uniform water and fertilizer. The plants are warm- to hot-growing.

</doc>
<doc id="19748156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748156" title="Ethiopian Christmas Offensive">
Ethiopian Christmas Offensive

The Ethiopian Christmas Offensive took place during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. The Ethiopian offensive was more of a counteroffensive to an ever slowing Italian offensive which started the war.
Background.
On 3 October 1935, Italian General Emilio De Bono invaded Abyssinia. De Bono's advance continued methodically, deliberately, and, to the consternation of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, somewhat slowly. On 8 November, the I Corps and the Eritrean Corps captured Makale. This proved to be the limit of how far the Italian invaders would get under the command of De Bono. Increasing pressure from the rest of the world on Mussolini caused him to need fast glittering victories. He was not prepared to hear of obstacles or delays from De Bono.
On 16 November, De Bono was promoted to the rank of Marshal of Italy ("Maresciallo d'Italia"). But, in December, he was replaced on the northern front because of the slow, cautious nature of his advance. De Bono was replaced by Marshal Pietro Badoglio.
The offensive.
On 30 November 1935, "Nəgusä Nägäst" Haile Selassie moved his field headquarters to Dessie. From there, he decided to test this new Italian commander with an offensive of his own. Haile Selassie's test was launched 15 December and became known as the Ethiopian "Christmas Offensive."
Objectives.
The "Christmas Offensive" had as its objectives the splitting of the Italian forces in the north with the Ethiopian center, crushing the Italian left with the Ethiopian right, and invading Eritrea with the Ethiopian left. "Ras" Seyoum Mangasha held the area around Abbi Addi with about 30,000 men. On 5 December, Abbi Addi had fallen to the Italians and, on 22 December, "Ras" Seyoum took it back.
"Ras" Imru Haile Selassie with approximately 40,000 men advanced from Gojjam toward Mai Timket to the left of "Ras" Seyoum. In a push towards Warieu Pass, "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge with approximately 40,000 men advanced from Gondar to support "Ras" Seyoum in the center. "Ras" Mulugeta Yeggazu, the Minister of War, advanced from Dessie with approximately 80,000 men to take positions on and around Amba Aradam to the right of "Ras" Seyoum. Amba Aradam was a steep sided, flat topped mountain directly in the way of an Italian advance on Addis Ababa.
The four commanders had approximately 190,000 men facing approximately 125,000 Italians and Eritreans. "Ras" Imru and his Army of Gojjam was on the Ethiopian left. "Ras" Seyoum and his Army of Tigre and "Ras" Kassa and his Army of Begemder were the Ethiopian center. "Ras" Mulugeta and the "Mahel Sefari" was on the Ethiopian right.
The ambitious Ethiopian plan called for "Ras" Kassa and "Ras" Seyoum to split the Italian army in two and isolate the Italian I Army Corps and the Italian III Army Corps in Makale. "Ras" Mulugeta would then descend from Amba Aradam and crush both corps. According to this plan, after "Ras" Imru retook Adwa, he was to invade Eritrea.
Battle at Dembeguina Pass.
On 4 December 1935, as "Ras" Imru advanced from Gojjam, his forces were bombed for the first time. Badly shaken by the bombing, about half his army abandoned him to return to Gojjam. "Ras" Imru then entered the territory of "Fitawrari" Ayalew Birru and Imru's force was joined by Ayalew and his forces.
On 15 December, "Ras" Imru's advance guard crossed the Tekezé River by the fords at Mai Timkat and Addi Atcheb. The advance guard was under the overall command of "Fitawrari" Ayalew Birru. As a column of 1,000 Ethiopians advanced towards Dembeguina Pass (Inda Aba Guna or Indabaguna pass), it was blocked by a force of 1,000 Eritreans at Mai Timkat under the command of Major Criniti. Criniti's command was a forward observation post and he determined to make a withdrawal upon the arrival of the Ethiopians. Under the cover of nine L3 tanks, Criniti and his Eritreans withdrew and made for Dembeguina Pass. The 1,000 advancing Ethiopian column was now behind Criniti and his 1,000 Eritreans. When Criniti and his force got to Dembeguina Pass, they found that it was already held by another group of 2,000 Ethiopians.
Under a blazing sun, the battle at Dembeguina Pass began between Criniti's 1,000 Eritreans on the plateau and the 2,000 Ethiopians in front of them who were holding the high ground around the pass. The Ethiopians formed up in a horseshoe formation on the surrounding crests and Criniti ordered his tanks to smash a way through them. Criniti organized his forces with the light tanks in the lead and with his infantry following close behind. He led the attack on horseback. The tanks lumbered towards the Ethiopians but the rough terrain soon made further forward progress impossible. Criniti was wounded in his initial attack and two of his officers were killed. The Ethiopians now counterattacked and the Eritreans rallied around the stranded light tanks.
The 1,000 Ethiopians behind Criniti joined the battle at this time and Criniti's command came under fire from all directions. The Ethiopians surged forward, slaughtered the Eritrean infantry, and engulfed the Italian tanks. Some Ethiopians were able to approach the tanks from the rear and were then able to disable the tracks and machine guns. Their tanks rendered useless, the two-man crews were killed.
Criniti's command radioed for more tanks. A relief column, including another ten tanks and two trucks, was sent immediately. However, the relief column was ambushed before it could get to Criniti. The Ethiopians immobilized several of the Italian tanks by rolling boulders onto the road in front of them and behind them. Once again, the infantry was picked off followed by the stranded tanks. Other tanks attempted to bypass the roadblock only to slip down steep roadside embankments and overturn. The Ethiopians set two of the tanks afire. According to the two-man crew of the last in line of the ten Italian tanks, when the Ethiopians pried open the hatches to their tank, they: "Called out 'Friends' and we were not injured." They were among four prisoners delivered to Emperor Haile Selassie at Dessie.
Criniti ultimately ordered his surrounded Eritreans to fix bayonets and charge the Ethiopians in front of them. The Eritreans made a breach and were able to escape. But, during the breakout, Criniti lost fully half of his force on the battlefield.
"Ras" Imru and "Fitawrari" Ayalew Birru now moved their forces in large numbers across the Tekezé River and into Tigre Province. Morale among the Ethiopians was very high. "Ras" Imru was happy to have captured fifty machine guns and to have captured the town of Enda Selassie. "Ras" Imru and "Fitawrari" Ayalew Birru moved to positions along Shire Ridge, about twelve miles from Axum. From here, "Ras" Imru contemplated an attack on the Axum-Adowa area.
The Ethiopians scored a moral victory, if not a tactical victory at Dembeguina Pass. Whatever it is called, "Ras" Imru had forced the Italians in and around the pass into a 12-mile retreat.
Accomplishments.
In addition to "Ras" Imru's advance on the left, the other Ethiopian armies had made progress during the offensive as well. "Ras" Kassa advanced to Abbi Addi and joined up with "Ras" Seyoum in the center. On the right, "Ras" Mulugeta and the "Mahel Sefari" was advancing directly towards the Italian positions at Makale. The Italians were forced to fall back from the Tekezé to Axum and from Amba Tzellene to the Warieu Pass.
Generally bad news for Italy.
The news from the "northern front" was generally bad for Italy. However, foreign correspondents in Addis Ababa publicly took up knitting to mock their lack of access to the front. There was no way for them to verify reports that 4,700 Italians had been captured. The correspondents were told by the Ethiopians that Italian tanks had been stranded and abandoned and that Italian native troops were mutinying. Later, there went out a report that Ethiopian warriors had captured eighteen tanks, thirty-three field guns, 175 machine guns, and 2,605 rifles. In addition, this report indicated that the Ethiopians had wiped out an entire brigade of the 2nd "28 October" Blackshirt Division and that the Italians had lost at least 3,000 men. Predictably, Rome loudly branded all of this a lie.
The news for the Italians from the "southern front" was no better. By the end of the year, it was general knowledge at every marketplace that "Ras" Desta Damtew was massing an army to invade Italian Somaliland.
Black period of the war for Italy.
The Christmas Offensive was a time that informed circles in Italy termed the "Black Period" of the war. Badoglio's inability to get the Italians back on the offensive immediately caused Mussolini to fly into a rage. He threatened to replace Badoglio with General Rodolfo Graziani.
On 18 December, millions of Italians participated in what was known as the "Harvest of Gold." To raise money for the war and as a pledge of faith to the Fascist regime, they handed over their wedding rings. In exchange for bands made of gold, they were given rings made of steel. Even the Queen participated.
Chemical warfare.
But the Ethiopian offensive was ultimately stopped due to the superiority in modern weapons like machine guns and heavy artillery of the Italian forces. More importantly, on 26 December, Badoglio asked for and was given permission to use chemical warfare agents like mustard gas. The Italians delivered the poison gas by special artillery canisters and with bombers of the Italian Air Force. While the poorly equipped Ethiopians experienced some success against modern weaponry, they did not understand the "terrible rain that burned and killed."
Formal complaint.
On 30 December, Haile Selassie formally filed a complaint with the League of Nations. He claimed that Italy's use of poison gas was yet another addition to the long list of international agreements contravened by Italy. In response, the Italians denied that poison gas was being used and, instead, decried the use of "dum dum" bullets and the mis-use of the Red Cross by the Ethiopians.
Aftermath.
In early January 1936, the Ethiopian forces on the "northern front" were in the hills everywhere overlooking the Italian positions and launching attacks against them on a regular basis. Mussolini was impatient for an Italian offensive to get under way and for the Ethiopians to be swept from the field. In response to his frequent exhortations, Badoglio cabled Mussolini: "It has always been my rule to be meticulous in preparation so that I may be swift in action."
Luckily for the Italians on the "southern front," "Ras" Desta Damtew did little in 1935 and his invasion of Italian Somaliland did not get under way until early January 1936. By then his army had been reduced to approximately 15.000 men, less than one-quarter of its size when he first raised it in Sidamo Province. Ultimately, Desta Damtew's offensive became known as the disastrous Battle of Genale Doria.
In addition to being granted permission to use poison gas, Badoglio received additional ground forces. Elements of the Italian III Corps and the Italian IV Corps arrived in Eritrea during early 1936. What followed was a series of battles starting with the First Battle of Tembien. On 20 January, the beginning of the inconclusive First Battle of Tembien marked the end of the Ethiopian "Christmas Offensive" and also marked a shift of the offensive back to the Italians.

</doc>
<doc id="19748158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748158" title="Bradfield Elementary School">
Bradfield Elementary School

John S. Bradfield Elementary School is a public primary school located at 4300 Southern Avenue in Highland Park, Texas, United States. The school, a part of the Highland Park Independent School District, serves pre-Kindergarten through 4th Grade. The school serves sections of Highland Park, and University Park.
The school is the site of a fatal September 27, 1967 airplane crash. An Aero Commander 560E, registration number "N3831C", was on approach to Dallas Love Field when its left wing broke in half, sending the plane plummeting into the middle of adjacent Mockingbird Lane. Flaming wreckage tore through the school playground and narrowly missed the school building. The crash occurred during normal school hours, but the students had been sent home early so that teachers could hold a meeting; a lone boy was reportedly playing in the playground at the time, but he saw the approaching airplane in time to run to safety, and some boys playing football nearby were far enough from the crash site to avoid serious harm. The aircraft, owned by Ling-Temco-Vought, was occupied by a professional pilot and 6 US military servicemen being ferried to Love Field; all 7 were killed. An investigation attributed the crash to metal fatigue in the plane's wing.
For the 1989-1990 and 2005 school years Bradfield was named a National Blue Ribbon School.

</doc>
<doc id="19748160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748160" title="Pizzo di Brünesc">
Pizzo di Brünesc

Pizzo di Brünesc (also known as "Pizzo di Brunescio") is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Cavergno, in the canton of Ticino. It lies at the southern end of the chain between the Val Bavona and Valle di Peccia.

</doc>
<doc id="19748179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748179" title="Beatrice Olivier">
Beatrice Olivier

Beatrice Olivier was a noted entertainer in the USA and Great Britain. She had recorded CDs. Several newspaper accounts regarding her accomplishments have been published internationally over many years.
She was born Beatrice Cohen on March 1, 1922, died on March 5, 2008. She married Joseph J. Olivestone on May 29, 1947. They celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary and her 86th birthday prior to her death from cancer related illnesses.
Her parents were Rachel and Joseph Cohen. Her brothers are Cyril Cohen (deceased) and Selig Cohen who lives in London, England with his wife Giselle.
Her funeral was attended by over 1000 people in Beverly Hills, CA.
She was an entertainer, singing on the stage and television and was an active Jewish community leader.
Her ranking in Los Angeles fundraising community is well known. She appeared on television on Art Linkletter's Hollywood Talent Scouts, and on stage in the productions of "My Fair Lady" and "Blythe Spirits", and in the movie version of MY FAIR LADY at the request of André Previn, the composer and orchestra conductor. She was also a frequent guest artist appearing in stage revues by Mickey Katz.

</doc>
<doc id="19748201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748201" title="Pizzo Solögna">
Pizzo Solögna

Pizzo Solögna is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking the Val Bavona in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is located south of the Basòdino.

</doc>
<doc id="19748202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748202" title="List of Killinaskully episodes">
List of Killinaskully episodes

This is a list of episodes of RTÉ comedy "Killinaskully". The show, created by and starring comedian Pat Shortt in a number of roles, has been airing on RTÉ One since 2004.
Series one (2004).
1. This episode was originally entitled "The Teacher".
Series two (2004-2005).
"Behind The Scenes At Killinaskully"
A making-of feature on the second season,It aired 13 November 2005

</doc>
<doc id="19748209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748209" title="Jens Bugge">
Jens Bugge

Jens Bugge (born 10 May 1930) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Oslo as a son of barrister Wilhelm Bugge and brother of barrister Frederik Moltke Bugge. He was a grandson of barrister Fredrik Moltke Bugge, great-grandson of bishop Frederik Wilhelm Klumpp Bugge, great-great-grandson of educator Frederik Moltke Bugge and great-great-great-grandson of bishop Peter Olivarius Bugge. On the maternal side he was a great-grandson of bishop Johan Christian Heuch and second cousin of Hanne Heuch.
He worked as a barrister with access to working with Supreme Court cases from 1965, as a presiding judge from 1978 to 1982 and a Supreme Court Justice from 1982 to 2000.
He was a board member of the Norwegian Mountain Touring Association from 1969, and board chairman from 1975 to 1980. He chaired the Intelligence Oversight Committee from 1984 to 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19748212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748212" title="Que Hill">
Que Hill

Que Hill (, possibly named after the legendary physician Bian Que for whom there is a memorial tomb nearby) is a small elongated hill located on the western shore of the Yellow River in the City of Jinan, Shandong Province, China. It is one of the solitary "Nine Hills" in the Yellow River valley within and to the north of Jinan City. Together with Hua Hill, which is today located on the opposite side of the Yellow River, Que Hill is depicted in a renowned painting by the Yuan-Dynasty era painter and calligrapher Zhao Mengfu entitled ""Autumn Colors at Que and Hua Hills"" (now in the collection of the National Palace Museum in Taipeh). The hill is positioned close to the northern end of the Luokou Yellow River Railway Bridge which was placed there because the hill stabilizes the course of the Yellow River. In November 1937, Japanese troops attacked the northern shore of the Yellow River and killed about 50 villagers who lived around Que Hill, the event became known as the Que Hill Tragedy ().

</doc>
<doc id="19748216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748216" title="Martin Manley">
Martin Manley

Martin Manley (born August 27, 1952) is an American entrepreneur and political leader who serves as the Executive Director of Hult International School of Business in San Francisco. Manley was named US Assisant Secretary of Labor by Bill Clinton and founded the major online bookseller Alibris with Richard Weatherford.
Early Life and Education.
Manley was born in Azusa, California, the son of Jack Manley and Georgia Rodecker. He graduated from Lowell High School in Whittier, California and UCSC, with honors degrees in Politics and Community Education. In 1987, he received his Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School.
Career.
During the 1970s and early 1980s, Manley became a prominent California labor organizer. He held positions with the Hotel & Restaurant Workers in Monterey, California (now UNITE), Hospital Workers Local 250 of the Service Employees (SEIU), and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM). He was among the earliest union organizers in Silicon Valley, directed a large community-based campaign in Silicon Valley during the 1984 US Presidential election, and was a frequent and prominent critic of AFL-CIO President Lane Kirkland.
Government Service.
In 1993, the newly elected Bill Clinton nominated Manley as US Assistant Secretary of Labor. Following his Senate confirmation, Manley served under Secretary of Labor Robert Reich as head of a new federal agency, which became the US Department of Labor's Office of the American Workplace (OAW)[http://www.dol.gov/esa/olms/history/]. The OAW was charged with promoting innovation in US workplaces.
Alibris.
In 1997, Manley founded the major e-commerce bookseller Alibris and served as the company’s CEO for 10 years. Alibris integrates inventory from second-hand booksellers from around the world and is considered a classic example of a long tail ecommerce retailer.
In 2000, Alibris became a significant Internet retailer. By 2005, Alibris was named by the Deloitte Fast 500 and Silicon Valley Fast 50 list as one of North America’s fastest growing technology companies. That same year the New York Times declared that Alibris had “radically changed the buying and selling of used books”.
Oak Hill Capital acquired Alibris in 2006. Manley then stepped down as CEO of Alibris in 2010 and was succeeded by Brian Elliot, the company’s president and COO.
Hult San Francisco.
Since May, 2013, Manley has served as the Executive Director of the San Francisco campus of Hult International Business School – a business school that in ten years has grown to become one of the largest and most global business program in the world. The San Francisco campus in Levi’s Plaza currently enrolls more than 900 graduate students from more than 100 countries in one-year degree programs that enable students to rotate to Hult campuses in Boston, New York, London, Dubai, and Shanghai.
Personal life.
Manley resides in Oakland, California and is married to AnnaLee Saxenian, Dean of the Information School [http://www.sims.berkeley.edu/about/deanswelcome] at UC Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="19748220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748220" title="Mecate">
Mecate

Mecate can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19748226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748226" title="Momma T">
Momma T

Momma T may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19748235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748235" title="Yezid Sayigh">
Yezid Sayigh

Yezid Sayigh () (b. 1955) is a senior associate at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut, Lebanon. Previously, he was a professor of Middle East Studies at the Department of War Studies at King's College London, a member of the Academic Board of the Gulf Research Center, and a member of the Board of Trustees of the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research (PCPSR). From 1994 to 2003, he was the assistant director of studies at the Centre of International Studies at Cambridge University. Sayigh also headed the Middle East Research Programme of the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) in London from 1998 to 2003. Sayigh was a former negotiator of the Palestine Liberation Organisation-Israel Agreement on the Gaza Strip and Jericho Area (Cairo Agreement) of May 4, 1994. He headed the Palestinian delegation to the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security (1992-1994), and was a MacArthur Scholar and Research Fellow at St Antony's College, Oxford (1990-1994). From 2005 to 2006, Sayigh was a visiting professor at the faculty of Political Studies and Public Administration at the American University of Beirut.
Biography.
Sayigh's father, Yusif A. Sayigh (1916-2004), was born in al-Bassa, Palestine before the start of the British Mandate. His mother is Briton Rosemary Sayigh.
Sayigh has obtained a BSc in chemistry from the American University of Beirut, and a PhD in War Studies from King's College London. He has also conducted research at the Dayan Center at Tel Aviv University. He speaks Arabic, English and French.
Public lectures.
"Different Yet Similar: Governance in the West Bank and Gaza." Lecture given at the Palestine Center (Washington DC); watch video or read transcripts at http://www.thejerusalemfund.org/ht/d/ContentDetails/i/9924 
Publications.
His publications include: 
He has written numerous articles for national newspapers, academic and policy journals.

</doc>
<doc id="19748239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748239" title="Mecate rein">
Mecate rein

The mecate ( or less anglicized ; ) is the rein system of the bosal style hackamore used to train young horses. It is a long rope, traditionally of horsehair, approximately 20–25 feet long and up to about 3/4 inch in diameter. It is tied to the bosal in a specialized manner that adjusts the fit of the bosal around the muzzle of the horse, and creates both a looped rein and a long free end that can be used for a number of purposes. When a rider is mounted, the free end is coiled and attached to the saddle. When the rider dismounts, the lead rein is not used to tie the horse to a solid object, but rather is used as a lead rope and a form of Longe line when needed.
The traditional mecate was an integral part of the "vaquero" culture that became the California tradition of western riding. The classic mecate is hand-braided of horsehair, usually long hair from the tail, often a blend of black and white hairs made into an alternating design. Modern mecates are made not only of horsehair, but also of synthetic rope, usually of a solid dark color, sometimes with a horsehair tassel at one end and a leather popper or quirt at the other.
A mecate knot begins at the heel knot of the bosal, where the mecate is anchored with a wrap of rope similar to the clove hitch. Next, the looped rein is formed coming off the top of the bosal. Then, the loose end is wrapped two or more times in front of the rein loop until the bosal is the proper diameter to fit the horse, and secured with another clove hitch, leaving the long lead rein end coming out the bottom of the bosal, secured by the last wrap. A properly tied mecate knot allows wraps of rope to be added to the knot in front of the rein loop in order to tighten the bosal noseband on a horse, or the rope can be unwrapped to loosen the bosal. Sometimes, a heavy bosal is stabilized by the addition of a fiador, which is a type of throatlatch usually made of thin cotton rope. The fiador attaches in front of the mecate so as to not interfere with the action of the reins. The mecate may need to be loosened to accommodate the fiador if used.
A variation, sometimes called "mecate reins" and other times a "McCarty" or "McCarthy outfit," is used as a rein system for a bridle with a bit. This design, usually of cotton rope or web, consists of a single looped rein attached to either site of a snaffle bit with a lead rein coming off of the left bit ring in a manner similar to the lead rein of the traditional mecate. This setup is most often seen today among some practitioners of the natural horsemanship movement. Sometimes considered an adaptation of the California tradition to the Texas tradition, it allows the rider to hold onto the horse while on the ground, but the drawback to the design is that the lead rein comes off of one side of the bit, creating an imbalance in the horse's mouth. To balance the lead rein, some users add a large tassle on the bight off the other side of the bit. The lead rein also cannot be used for longing the horse in both directions, as it is attached only on the left.

</doc>
<doc id="19748247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748247" title="Transwestern Airlines">
Transwestern Airlines

Transwestern Airlines was a regional airline based in Logan, Utah, its hub was at the Logan-Cache Airport. Founded in 1977, it was later acquired by Horizon Air in 1983.
Accidents.
A non-fatality accident in Idaho occurred on its route on February 15, 1983, on a late morning flight from Boise to Sun Valley. On approach, the sub-contracted Sierra Pacific Airlines de Havilland Twin Otter pitched forward and an emergency landing was attempted on Highway 75, south of runway 31 of Friedman Memorial Airport in Hailey. Eight were injured, seven seriously. The control rod connection had separated; poor maintenance procedure using a non-standard bolt was cited as the cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19748252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748252" title="Uncial 0100">
Uncial 0100

Uncial 0100 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 070 (Soden), is a Greek-Coptic diglot uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It is dated palaeographically to the 7th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 20:26-27.30-31, on one parchment leaf (). The text is written in two columns per page, 33 lines per page, in large uncial letters. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
From the same manuscript originated another leaf now catalogued as Uncial 0195. It represents a part of lectionary 963 (ℓ "963"), and should be classified among the lectionaries than the uncials. 
The codex currently is located at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Copt. 129,10), at Paris.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex Kurt Aland did not place in any Category.
In John 20:31 it reads ζωην αιωνιον along with manuscripts א, C(*), D, L, Ψ, "f"13 it vgmss syrp, h copsa, copbo; majority reads ζωην;

</doc>
<doc id="19748253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748253" title="Geneva Open Challenger">
Geneva Open Challenger

The Geneva Open Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Geneva, Switzerland since 1988. The event is part of the "ATP challenger series and is played on outdoor clay courts. It is held at Drizia-Miremont Tennis Club. Two-time Swiss champion Stanislas Wawrinka would later enter the world top 10 in the ATP rankings in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19748270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748270" title="Richard Lehun">
Richard Lehun

Richard Lehun is a German-Canadian inter-disciplinary visual artist (film and photography), attorney, and a teaching fellow at McGill University in the areas of philosophy of law and justice theory.
Biography.
Richard Lehun studied under Jürgen Habermas at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main on a DAAD Scholarship and completed his "Magister Artium" on non-conceptual truth claims in T.W. Adorno's "Negative Dialectics" and "Aesthetic Theory". At this time he served as an intern to the commissioning editors of the acclaimed German Television broadcast, ZDF "Das Kleine Fernsehspiel". During his studies in Frankfurt he was admitted to the Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie (dffb) for studies in film and television directing. His self-financed graduating film entitled "Fetisch" was awarded the German National Film Prize (Bundesfilmpreis 2002). "Fetisch" was highlighted by the German Export Union and was shown at over 30 international film festivals worldwide. 
At the completion of his film studies, Richard Lehun was admitted to the European Audio-Visual Entrepreneurs program (EAVE), the European Union's extensive training program for film and television producers focusing on international co-production. At this time Richard Lehun was also admitted to the international roster of the Directors Guild of Canada (DGC) and is also currently a member of the "Deutsche Filmakademie".
After completing his "Magister Artium", Richard Lehun pursued graduate studies in Canada, first completing a B.C.L. / LL.B. and then moving on directly to the D.C.L. program at McGill University. Richard Lehun's legal focus is intellectual property, and he gathered practical legal experience while having worked with "Léger Robic Richard", Montréal's respected practitioners in the field. While completing his legal studies he also performed community legal service on the part of "Project Genesis". "Project Genesis" is a grassroots community organization in Côte-des-Neiges, a culturally diverse Montréal neighbourhood where more than 40 percent of households live below the poverty line.
Since completing his law degree Richard Lehun has directed two films. “One Last Dance”, shot in Montréal with an all star cast including Dorothée Berryman, Caroline Dhavernas, Danny Gilmore, and Anthony Lemke, was released in the spring of 2009. "One Last Dance" was funded by the Conseil des arts et des lettres du Québec (CALQ) and the Société de développement des entreprises culturelles du Québec (SODEC) as well as the National Film Board (NFB). “8.5 mm”, shot in Berlin at the since infamous Bar 25, is a continuation of the formalistic aesthetic contained in “Fetisch”. “8.5 mm” was edited and produced by the alternative Brooklyn film director Mark Mitchell and is currently in distribution. The past years have also seen cooperations with Deutsche Grammophon on visual essays of the artists, Lang Lang, Mischa Maisky, Vadim Repin, Measha Brueggergosman, Alice Sara Ott.
Richard Lehun worked closely with Prof. Richard Janda, and their "Sustainable Development as an Emancipatory Truth Claim", questioned both the focus and pedagogical model of conventional legal education. The course was also co-taught at the Law Faculty of the Freie Universität, Berlin in 2008. The approach of the course has been based on the work of Prof. Roderick Macdonald (F.R. Scott Professor of Constitutional and Public Law) also of McGill University.
Richard Lehun's current research is focused on the concept of the fiduciary as applied to social transformation. As of September 2010, Richard Lehun is a Visiting Researcher at Harvard Law School under Prof. Duncan Kennedy. In November 2012, he received a 6 month scholarship from the DAAD for studies on the political implications of his theory of emancipatory justice at the Westfaelische Wilhelms-Universitaet Muenster under the supervision of Prof. Dr. Bernd Holznagel. Richard Lehun is also a founding member of the New York Stropheus legal and business collective for the arts, responsible for gallery, museum, and auction house ethics and fiduciary duties.

</doc>
<doc id="19748271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748271" title="Pizzo d'Orsalia">
Pizzo d'Orsalia

Pizzo d'Orsalia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Bosco Gurin in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain that separates the Val Calnègia from the Valle di Bosco Gurin.

</doc>
<doc id="19748297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748297" title="Reliance Digital TV">
Reliance Digital TV

Its primary competitors are cable television and other DTH service providers—Airtel digital TV, DD Direct+, Dish TV, Sun Direct, TATA Sky and Videocon D2H.
History.
DTH service was first launched in India in 2004 by launch of Dish TV by Essel Group's Zee Entertainment Enterprises.
Reliance ADAG launched their DTH service on 19 August 2008.
About Reliance Digital TV.
Reliance digital TV limited is a part of Reliance Communications Ltd., a subsidiary of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group founded by the Late Dhirubhai Ambani, the Indian business tycoon and owned by his son Anil Ambani. BIG TV started operations from 19 August 2008 with the slogan "TV ho Toh BIG Ho" ("If you have a TV, make it BIG"). It currently offers close to 250 channels and many interactive ones, 32 cinema halls (i.e. Pay Per View Cinema Channels) as well as many Radio channels. The company plans to increase the number of channels in the near future to 400 and begin High Definition (HD) broadcast. There are also plans to introduce services like i-Stock, i-News and other such interactive services in the future.
The available opportunity today is huge considering the fact that India has an existing population of 225 million TV households out of which 130 million are C&S households and 16.5 Million are DTH households. When Reliance BIG TV was launched, the overall DTH penetration was just about 4 million households.
Reliance BIG TV's launch in August deployed the MPEG4 technology. MPEG4 technology can support HD TV and not MPEG2 which is used by the earlier entrants in the DTH industry.
The MPEG4 technology helps to broadcast up to 35 to 40 channels per transponder. With 12 transponders they are able to broadcast over 400 channels. They are currently utilizing only 9 of their transponders to broadcast over 230 channels.
Reliance digital TV's retailer network is spread across 100,000 outlets in 6,500 towns in India. They also introduced 32 Pay-Per-View Movie Channels, the highest by any DTH player.But as on March 2012 they have only 4 Pay-Per-View channels.
Subscriber Base.
Reliance Digital TV has about 5 million customers as of December 2013. There are about 55 million DTH subscribers in India as of December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19748298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748298" title="Pizzo d'Orsalietta">
Pizzo d'Orsalietta

Pizzo d'Orsalietta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located west of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Bavona and Bosco Gurin.

</doc>
<doc id="19748307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748307" title="Ludovica Torelli">
Ludovica Torelli

Ludovica Torelli (Guastalla, 1500 – Milan, 1569) was Countess of Guastalla. 
She was the only daughter of Achille Torelli, Count of Guastalla, who died in battle at Luzzara in 1522, making her Countess of Guastalla. 
Having lost early her husband Ludovico Stanghi and son Achille, she remarried in 1525 with Antonio Martinengo, who was murdered on April 18, 1528 by a brother-in-law. Ludovica also escaped an assassination attempt by relatives eager to take over her possessions. 
Ludovica was very religious, and had as spiritual guides Battista da Crema and Antonio Maria Zaccaria. She financed many good works in Milan and supported the newly established order of the Barnabites. 
Having moved definitively to Milan, she sold on October 3, 1539 the County of Guastalla to Italian condottiero Ferrante Gonzaga for 22,280 golden scudi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19748312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748312" title="Clann na nGael GAA (Meath)">
Clann na nGael GAA (Meath)

Clann na nGael is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in rathcairn/athboy , in County Meath, Ireland. The club was founded in 2002, combining the two former GAA teams of O'Growney Club Athboy (a hurling and football club), and An Ghaeltacht Rath Cairn (football-only club). The club fields both Gaelic football and hurling teams. It competes in Meath GAA competitions.The club takes part in the annual Peile na Gaelige also.
Honours.
As O'Growney Club Athboy:

</doc>
<doc id="19748328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748328" title="Madone di Càmedo">
Madone di Càmedo

The Madone di Càmedo is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Cevio in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19748341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748341" title="Bulimulus dealbatus">
Bulimulus dealbatus


</doc>
<doc id="19748350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748350" title="Hydrology (agriculture)">
Hydrology (agriculture)

Agricultural hydrology is the study of water balance components intervening in agricultural water management, especially in irrigation and drainage. 
Water balance components.
The water balance components can be grouped into components corresponding to zones in a vertical cross-section in the soil forming reservoirs with inflow, outflow and storage of water:
The general water balance reads:
and it is applicable to each of the reservoirs or a combination thereof. 
In the following balances it is assumed that the water table is inside the transition zone.
Surface water balance.
The incoming water balance components into the surface reservoir ("S") are:
The outgoing water balance components from the surface reservoir ("S") are:
The surface water balance reads:
Root zone water balance.
The incoming water balance components into the root zone ("R") are:
The outgoing water balance components from the surface reservoir ("R") are:
The root zone water balance reads:
Transition zone water balance.
The incoming water balance components into the transition zone ("T") are:
The outgoing water balance components from the transition zone ("T") are:
The water balance of the transition zone reads:
Aquifer water balance.
The incoming water balance components into the aquifer ("Q") are:
The outgoing water balance components from the aquifer ("Q") are:
The water balance of the aquifer reads:
where Wq is the change of water storage in the aquifer noticeable as a change of the artesian pressure.
Specific water balances.
Combined balances.
Water balances can be made for a combination of two bordering vertical soil zones discerned, whereby the components constituting the inflow and outflow from one zone to the other will disappear. <br>
In long term water balances (month, season, year), the storage terms are often negligible small. Omitting these leads to "steady state" or "equilibrium" water balances.
Combination of surface reservoir ("S")and root zone ("R") in steady state yields the topsoil water balance :
Combination of root zone ("R") and transition zone ("T") in steady state yields the subsoil water balance :
Combination of transition zone ("T") and aquifer ("Q") in steady state yields the geohydrologic water balance :
Combining the uppermost three water balances in steady state gives the agronomic water balance :
Combining all four water balances in steady state gives the overall water balance :
Water table outside transition zone.
When the water table is above the soil surface, the balances containing the components "Inf", "Per", "Cap" are not appropriate as they do not exist.
When the water table is inside the root zone, the balances containing the components "Per", "Cap" are not appropriate as they do not exist.
When the water table is below the transition zone, only the "aquifer balance" is appropriate.
Reduced number of zones.
Under specific conditions it may be that no aquifer, transition zone and/or root zone is present. Water balances can be made omitting the absent zones.
Net and excess values.
Vertical hydrological components along the boundary between two zones with arrows in the same direction can be combined into "net values" .<br>
For example : Npc = Per − Cap (net percolation), Ncp = Cap − Per (net capillary rise).<br>
Horizontal hydrological components in the same zone with arrows in same direction can be combined into "excess values" .<br>
For example : Egio = Iaq − Oaq (excess groundwater inflow over outflow), Egoi = Oaq − Iaq (excess groundwater outflow over inflow).
Salt balances.
Agricultural water balances are also used in the salt balances of irrigated lands.<br>
Further, the salt and water balances are used in agro-hydro-salinity-drainage models like Saltmod.<br>
Equally, they are used in groundwater salinity models like SahysMod which is a spatial variation of SaltMod using a polygonal network.
Irrigation and drainage requirements.
The "irrigation requirement" (Irr) can be calculated from the "topsoil water balance", the "agronomic water balance" and/or the "overall water balance", as defined in the section "Combined balances", depending on the availability of data on the water balance components. <br>
Considering surface irrigation, assuming the evaporation of surface water is negligibly small (Eva = 0), setting the actual evapotranspiration Era equal to the potential evapotranspiration (Epo) so that Era = Epo and setting the surface inflow Isu equal to Irr so that Isu = Irr, the balances give respectively:
Defining the "irrigation efficiency" as IEFF = Epo/Irr, i.e. the fraction of the irrigation water that is consumed by the crop, it is found respectively that :
Likewise the "safe yield" of wells, extracting water from the aquifer without overexploitation, can be determined using the "geohydrologic water balance" and/or the "overall water balance", as defined in the section "Combined balances", depending on the availability of data on the water balance components.
Similarly, the subsurface drainage requirement can be found from the drain discharge (Dtr) in the "subsoil water balance", the "agronomic water balance", the "geohydrologic water balance" and/or the "overall water balance".
In the same fashion, the well drainage requirement can be found from well discharge (Wel) in the "geohydrologic water balance" and/or the "overall water balance".
The "subsurface drainage requirement" and "well drainage requirement" play an important role in the design of agricultural drainage systems (references:, ).

</doc>
<doc id="19748365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748365" title="Kid Acne">
Kid Acne

Kid Acne is an artist, illustrator and hip-hop musician. He was born in Lilongwe, Malawi in 1978.
He grew up in Lutterworth, Leicestershire and currently lives and works in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. He spent his formative years painting graffiti, creating fanzines and making limited run records on his own Invisible Spies imprint. Nowadays, his artwork can been seen throughout the world - both inside and outside of galleries. His signature style has adorned products for leading brands such as Prada, Kenzo, Elle, Kid Robot, Brompton and Warp Records, while the man himself continues to paint epic slogans in sub-zero temperatures. And he still has acne.
Musical Output.
Kid Acne has released a number of records sporadically over the years.
His first release was in 1997 under the name 'Mongrels' alongside DJ Benjamin on their own DIY label, C U Next Tuesday.
In 2000 they changed the label name to Invisible Spies before Acne issued his first solo 7" single, 'Squirrel Hunters' as the prelude to his debut LP, 'Rap Traffic' (2001).
Kid Acne's 2nd album, 'Council Pop' (Invisible Spies) was released in late 2003 preceded by a 12" of the track 'Radio Music', which lead to a series of triumphant UK and European tours.
Both 'Rap Traffic' and 'Council Pop' were produced by UK graffiti stalwart and nocturnal beat constructor, Req One.
2007 saw the release of Kid Acne's 3rd LP, 'Romance Ain't Dead', this time on Lex Records / EMI. Beats once again programmed by Req One, with production handled by Ross Orton.
Mastered and cut by Rob Gordon.
The album has been praised with significant critical acclaim and was released internationally in 2008.
The lead single, 'Eddy Fresh' was released in Autumn 2007, complete with Gescom Remix and promo video directed by fellow artist, Dscreet.
Acne's live show consists of (DJ) Benjamin, (Hype Man) Clev Cleverley and (human beatbox) Chase Rockwell.
Together, they have toured the UK and Europe supporting acts such as: El-P, Black Lips, Flying Lotus, Anti Pop Consortium, Prince Po, People Under The Stairs, Quannum Projects, Jeru The Damaja, Lethal Bizzle, Atmosphere, James Pants, Long Blondes, DJ Food, Herbalizer, Lady Sovereign, Yo Majesty, Jneiro Jarel, Jehst, Black Twang, Estelle, Goldie Lookin Chain, Scroobius Pip, Pitman and Coldcut.
Discography.
Rap Traffic (LP) / Invisible Spies 2001
Squirrel Hunters (7") / Invisible Spies 2001
Regarde Kid Acne (7") / Invisible Spies 2002
Council Pop (LP) / Invisible Spies 2003
Radio Music (12", Single) / Invisible Spies 2003
Zub-Zub Rockers (7", Single) / Electro Caramel 2003
Reality Raps EP (12", EP) / Invisible Spies 2004
Eddy Fresh (7", Single) / Lex Records, EMI Records 2007
Eddy Fresh (12") / Lex Records, EMI Records 2007
Romance Ain't Dead (LP) / Lex Records 2007
Sliding Doors (7") / Lex Records, EMI Records 2007
Worst Luck EP (7") / Lex Records 2007
Tracks Appear On.
Mongrels - Slingshots (7") / C U Next Tuesday 1997
Toah Dynamic - Hip-Hop Gymkhana (7") / C U Next Tuesday 1997
Invisible Spies (CD, Comp) / C U Next Tuesday Records 1998
Req - Car Paint Scheme (LP) / Style Mentorz / Skint Records 2000
Toah Dynamic - Movement (LP) / Invisible Spies 2000
Lexoleum Two (12", EP) Rap Dracula / Lex Records 2001
Lexample (CD) Radio Music / Lex Records 2002
Mongrels - Fresh Arrangements (7") / Invisible Spies 2002
Toah Dynamic - Harvest Festival (7") / Invisible Spies 2002
Toah Dynamic - Son Of A Copper (7") / Invisible Spies 2002
Toah Dynamic - Cops Hate Our Love (LP) / Invisible Spies 2002
Abstract Funk Theory (2xLP, Comp) Ghosts With Teeth / Obsessive 2003
Suspect Files Vol 3 (CD, Comp) South Yorks / Suspect Packages 2004
Lexample Red (CD, Promo, Smplr) Eddy Fresh / Lex Records 2007
Zebra Face.
Zebra Face is a cartoon character created by Kid Acne and Supreme Vagabond Craftsman. He is a bombastic stripey horse with a hip-hop obsession and an insulin dependant sidekick. Zebra Face first appeared in a one page comic strip in Kid Acne's 'Velcro Grass' fanzine in 1995. Generating mild interest amongst the UK fanzine scene at the time, Zebra Face then became a fanzine of his own before the duo began working on a book, which was self-published in 2001. 
Zebra Face is currently being made into a short animated series for Channel 4, due for broadcast in Autumn 2012.
Selected Exhibitions.
2012
Stand & Deliver / C.A.V.E Gallery, Los Angeles, USA*
2011
Cloak & Dagger / Other Gallery, Beijing, China*
Kill Your Darlings / Millennium Gallery, Sheffield, UK *
Rhythm Is A Dancer / Stolen Space, London, UK *
2010
When The Smoke Clears / Concrete Hermit, London, UK *
Dust In The Giant’s Eye / Electrik Sheep Gallery, Newcastle, UK*
Ois’ Easy / Helmet Gallery, Munich, Germany*
2009
Flying Eyeball ‘Pop Up’ Show / Gallery 27, London, UK
Seven Styles for Seven Brothers / APG Works, Sheffield, UK
Smoke & Mirrors / Stella Dore Gallery, London, UK*
2008
Nancy Victor Christmas Show / Nancy Victor Gallery, London, UK
Stella Dore Group Show / Stella Dore Gallery, London, UK
Brothers In Arms / Mini Gallery, Belo Horizonte, Brazil
2007
Alternativity / Truman Brewery, London, UK
Bestial / Iguapop Gallery, Barcelona, Spain
Refill Seven / MTV Gallery, Sydney, Australia
Flat Black / The Workstation, Sheffield, UK
2006
His Life Is Full of Miracles / Site Gallery, Sheffield, UK
2005
Picture This (War Child) / Bargehouse, London, UK
GIRLS / Myymälä 2 Gallery, Helsinki, Finland
2004
The Big Draw / Millennium Gallery, Sheffield, UK
Graphic / Fredericks & Freiser Gallery, New York, USA
Application / Perth Institute of Contemporary Arts, Australia
2003
Basefield / The Commons, Melbourne, Australia
Sexpo / Hixept Gallery, Grenoble, France
2001
Graffiti: Concrete or Wallpaper? / Swiss Embassy, London, UK
1998
Graffiti Bastards 2 / Custard Factory, Birmingham, UK
1996
Graffiti Bastards / Custard Factory, Birmingham, UK

</doc>
<doc id="19748376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748376" title="Pizzo Bombögn">
Pizzo Bombögn

Pizzo Bombögn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Bosco Gurin and Campo (Vallemaggia) in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain east of Pizzo Quadro.

</doc>
<doc id="19748386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748386" title="Bulimulus alternatus">
Bulimulus alternatus

Subspecies.
Subspecies include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748399" title="U.S. – Montenegro Business Council">
U.S. – Montenegro Business Council

The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council is a Maryland-based trade association aimed at promoting trade and investment opportunities between the United States and Montenegro. With offices in both Maryland and Montenegro, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council makes available to its members a forum whereby they can familiarize themselves with the business opportunities available in both countries and identify appropriate institutions and individuals who can assist in this process. To fulfill this mission, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council assists its members by providing them with the resources and knowledge necessary to successfully pursue business opportunities in the United States and Montenegro.
Activities.
The activities of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council fall into the following categories:
Accomplishments.
Since its formation, the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council has had a number of professional accomplishments. Such accomplishments include: 
Leadership.
On October 24, 2008, Charles T. Dillon, Esq. was appointed President of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council. Mr. Dillon is a Maryland-based business transaction and tax attorney with the Law Office of Charles T. Dillon, and a Tax Scholar from Georgetown University Law Center. Svetlana Vukcevic is the Executive Director of the U.S. – Montenegro Business Council in Podgorica, Montenegro.
The U.S. – Montenegro Business Council’s Board of Directors is composed of experts in trade, law, labor, economic development, media, and infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="19748400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748400" title="Stan Richards (footballer)">
Stan Richards (footballer)

Stanley Verdun "Stan" Richards (21 January 1917 – 19 April 1987) was a Welsh professional footballer and Wales international.
Career.
Although he was born in Cardiff, Stan Richards began his career playing amateur football in London before joining his hometown team in 1946. He made his professional debut on the opening day of the season at the age of 29, scoring Cardiff's goal during a 2-1 defeat to Norwich City, and went on to score thirty league goals which was a club record for 56 years before it was broken by Robert Earnshaw in the 2002-03 season. It was during his time at Cardiff that he won his only cap for Wales in a match against England on 13 November 1946 in the 1947 British Home Championship. The following season he suffered a spate of injuries which restricted his appearances and, despite scoring 40 times in just 57 games, he was allowed to re-join former manager Billy McCandless at Swansea Town.
Even though he was still hampered by the knee injury he was an instrumental part in helping the club win the Third Division South in 1948-49. 
For the 1951–52 season, Richards signed for Barry Town, then playing in the Southern League and managed by Bill Jones, who later managed Cardiff City. He helped the club reach the 1st Round Proper of the FA Cup and was top goal scorer with 40 goals, many scored with an uncannily accurate header.
Richards opened 1952–53 with a hat-trick, the first of four that season, and scored seventeen goals in the first ten games. He was again Barry’s top scorer with 35 goals and top scored the following season with 32 goals in 1953–54.
Richards scored in the 3–1 defeat of Wrexham in the 1955 semi-final of the Welsh Cup, but was injured for final against Chester City at the Racecourse Ground and the replay at Ninian Park, thus missing Barry’s biggest triumph of the 1950s when they won the Welsh Cup for the first time, 4–3.
In October 1955, Stan left Barry Town after four great years with the club and went to Haverfordwest County where he would finish his career at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19748424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748424" title="Rosso di Ribia">
Rosso di Ribia

The Rosso di Ribia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland. with a height of 2,547 metres above sea level, it is the culminating point on the range between the Valle di Campo and Valle di Vergeletto. The Rosso di Ribia lies five kilometres east of Pizzo di Porcarese, where the border with Italy runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19748439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748439" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 41">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 41

The 41st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19748442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748442" title="Hall, New York">
Hall, New York

Hall is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Ontario County, New York, United States, near the city of Geneva, along State Route 14A in the Town of Seneca. Located in the Finger Lakes region, Hall has a fire department and a post office with the zip code of 14463. Hall also has a John Deere tractor dealer, a seed production company (Seedway), and a fertilizer company (Hall Fertilizer Corp.). Seedway, a subsidiary of Growmark, serves the entire Northeast and is headquartered in Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19748454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748454" title="Pizzo Alzasca">
Pizzo Alzasca

Pizzo Alzasca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Cevio in the canton of Ticino.
On the south side lies the lake of Alzasca.

</doc>
<doc id="19748467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748467" title="Robin Bailie">
Robin Bailie

Robin John Bailie (born 6 March 1937) is a Northern Irish solicitor and former politician.
Bailie was born in Toomebridge, County Antrim, and studied at the Rainey Endowed School and Queen's University, Belfast. He was a member of the Belfast Junior Chamber of Commerce, and an officer of the Ulster Young Unionist Council. He was associated with the Clifton branch of the Ulster Unionist Party, and from about 1960, collaborated with other young branch members, including Bob Cooper in an association which has been compared to the Conservative Party's Bow Group. They represented the more liberal wing of the party, and in 1962 they launched a journal, "Review", although they were only able to publish a single issue.
Bailie qualified as a solicitor and was also active in business, becoming a council member of the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce and Industry. In 1962, he claimed that a majority of members of some Orange Lodges in Belfast were socialists and not Unionists. He was a supporter of Terence O'Neill's reforms, believing that they had "taken the sting out of the community tension which was sapping the vigour of the province". While he was initially critical of O'Neill's approach to the Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU), he later claimed that O'Neill had "solved the problem of the ICTU".
At the Northern Ireland general election, 1969, Bailie was elected as Member of Parliament for Newtownabbey. He was a prominent opponent of the People's Democracy movement, which he claimed was a revolutionary movement. On 25 March 1971, new Prime Minister Brian Faulkner appointed him Minister of Commerce, and he served until the Parliament was prorogued in 1972. Bailie was also appointed to the Privy Council of Northern Ireland at the same time. While serving in this post, he focussed on the possibilities that membership of the Common Market would offer Northern Ireland, and investigated the possibility of a cross-border development plan for the North West of Ireland.
After prorogation, Faulkner maintained a "shadow" cabinet in which Bailie retained his post, but he resigned from the cabinet and the party in 1973 alongside Robert Porter, claiming that Faulkner was identifying too closely with the Ulster Vanguard movement. Bailie joined the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland, but retired from active politics.
Out of politics, Bailie focussed on his career as a solicitor and held several directorships, including the Goodyear Tyre and Rubber Company (GB), Fine Wine Wholesalers and Lumnus Mackie.

</doc>
<doc id="19748494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748494" title="Sydney Curnow Vosper">
Sydney Curnow Vosper

Sydney Curnow Vosper RWS, RWA (29 October 1866 – 10 July 1942) was a painter and etcher of landscapes and figure subjects. His later work has a close association with Wales and Brittany. His most famous work is "Salem" (1908), which shows an old woman in the Welsh national costume, with Welsh hat and shawl, attending a congregation at Salem Chapel, Cefncymerau.
Personal history.
Vosper was born in Stonehouse, Plymouth in 1866 to Samuel, a brewer, and Eleanor Vosper. He attend a school in Somerset and Plymouth College. Following this he spent three years as an architect’s apprentice before beginning his artistic career as an illustrator in London. He would later leave to study for three years at the Académie Colarossi in Paris, studying under Raphaël Collin. As a watercolour painter, Vosper began exhibiting his work in local art galleries throughout England, but also at the Paris Salon and the Royal Academy. Vosper painted landscapes but is perhaps best known for his figure painting. A favoured subject was the town and people of Le Faouët in Brittany. 
A turning point in Vosper's work occurred when he married Constance James, the daughter of Frank T. James, a solicitor and former mayor of Merthyr Tydfil. This connection to Wales would change his output, and in his later career his paintings would be heavily influenced by Welsh culture and life. He died on 10 July, 1942 at the Teign House Hotel, Shaldon, Devon, having also lived at Westbourne Terrace in the Bayswater district of London.
Salem.
Vosper's most famous work is "Salem", a watercolour of the interior of Salem Baptist Chapel in Cefncymerau (modern day Llanbedr, Wales), with its central figure dressed in traditional Welsh costume, wrapped in a shawl and clutching a Bible. The painting, in watercolour
on a piece of paper measuring 71.1 x 69.8cm was completed in 1908 and exhibited in the Royal Academy in London in 1909. Of the eight people in the painting, seven of them sat for Vosper, including the central character who was modelled by Siân Owen (1837-1927) of Ty’n-y-fawnog. A dummy was used for the eighth, but only one was an actual member of Salem. The painting was bought in 1909 in by industrialist William Hesketh Lever for 100 guineas. The painting gained mass appeal in Britain when it was used to promote Lever Brothers' Sunlight soap. The soap bars came with collectable tokens that could be exchanged for prints of the painting, which resulted in many homes owning a copy, during a period when few homes owned any form of art.
In 1933 an article about the picture appeared in the Welsh language magazine "Y Ford Gron" (The Round Table) and in 1937 more copies of the print were sold for sixpence each through the Urdd. It was used in other press article and the "Cymru Fydd" calendar into the 1950s. In March 1942 it was described by "Yr Aelwyd" as ".. one of the most beautiful pictures of the religious life of Wales in old times .."
The painting gained notoriety, when it was believed that the face of the devil could be seen in the folds of Siân Owen's shawl. Though this may be a reaction to the other often noticed illusion of a face staring through the chapel window, which in turn made people look for other supernatural elements or mistakenly thinking the face was in the shawl. The artist denied that he ever intentionally painted any such detail into the watercolour. The painting also became extremely popular in Wales, offering to a population, which was rapidly becoming industrialised, a reminder of a rural past and a close connection to the Nonconformist religious background of the country. The painting is one of the most iconic images of Wales ever created.
The work is presently exhibited at the Lady Lever Art Gallery at Port Sunlight in Cheshire, though there have been several request for the painting to be moved permanently to a Welsh museum. In 2013 it formed the centrepiece of a temporary exhibition at the Gwynedd Museum and Art Gallery in Bangor.
Siân Owen would feature in a second of Vosper's works, "Market Day in Old Wales" (c.1910).

</doc>
<doc id="19748497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748497" title="Alberto III Pio, Prince of Carpi">
Alberto III Pio, Prince of Carpi

Alberto III Pio, Prince of Carpi (23 July 1475 – 1531), was an Italian Renaissance prince. He cultivated interest in humanism e was an intimate of the Medici popes.
Biography.
Born at Carpi in 1475, only two years before the death of his father, he had been raised under the guardianship of his paternal uncle Marco and his maternal uncle, humanist Giovanni Pico della Mirandola. They supervised his education and engaged as tutor Aldus Manutius, who was later to found the famed Aldine Press in Venice, which Alberto funded.
Alberto was educated first at Ferrara, where he attended lectures by Pietro Pomponazzi and became friends with Pietro Bembo and Ludovico Ariosto, then at Padua. For most of his career he had served as a diplomat, first as the agent of the Gonzaga to the French court and later in the pay of King Louis XII. In 1508 he was one of the negotiators of the League of Cambrai, and in January 1510 he became the ambassador of Maximilian I, to the Papacy, but in 1520, with the ascendancy of Charles V, Alberto committed a fatal error by switching his allegiance to Francis I, King of France.
Alberto was a close friend of Pope Leo X and is known to have favored the election of Giulio de' Medici to the Papacy as Clement VII. He helped to bring about the alliance between Clement and Francis I that was published on 5 January 1525 and proposed the marriage between Catherine de'Medici, Clement's niece, and Francis' second son, Henry II. Such diplomatic success had its consequences. Mendoza, Charles V's representative in Rome, described Alberto as follows, "Carpi is a devil; he knows everything and is mixed up in everything; the Emperor must either win him over or destroy him." The latter was Alberto's fate, for after the papal alliance with Francis was made public, Charles was reported to have become enraged. Shortly thereafter on 24 February 1525 Charles' troops defeated and captured Francis at the Battle of Pavia, and eight days later his troops under Prospero Colonna occupied Carpi and deprived Alberto of his rule. 
Alberto fled to Rome and attempted to reclaim his lands but without success. Eventually Charles turned them over to Duke Alfonso I of Ferrara in 1530. When Charles' troops sacked Rome in May 1527, Alberto sought refuge with Clement VII in the Castel Sant'Angelo. He then fled to France where he was warmly welcomed and where he remained until his death in January 1531.
Alberto had been a defender of the Church since the earliest discussions about its reformation arose at the eighth Lateran Council in December 1513, well before the publication of Luther's 95 theses in 1517. By 1525 he had become embroiled in an extended dispute with Erasmus that continued for the remainder of his life and that was not concluded until two months after his death with the publication of his "XXIII Libri".

</doc>
<doc id="19748501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748501" title="Roger Schurig">
Roger Schurig

Roger Schurig was an American basketball player.
Schurig, originally from St. Louis, Missouri, played college basketball at Vanderbilt University from 1963 through 1965. Schurig's exploits at Vanderbilt included winning multiple games with last-second clutch shots, including one against Southeastern Conference powerhouse Kentucky in 1963.
Schurig later played professional basketball for the Houston Mavericks of the American Basketball Association before the ABA-NBA merger.

</doc>
<doc id="19748502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748502" title="Cimino family">
Cimino family

Cimino, Cimini, is the name of one or many different families possible originating from Orvieto. The origin of the name is disputed, but certainly a branch of the family has taken the name from the Cimini Hills, in Latium. The origin of the Cimini name in this context goes back to the etruscan era. The origin of the family referencing Orvieto, pertains to the Cimini Hills. The use of Cimini as a family name, can be traced through history.In an study of family names in Roman Legions, the name DeCiminus is found C. Catullius DeCiminus of Troyes was a Roman Federal priest of the Roman Cult in 210 AD, who dies in Lyon. The name DeCiminus is also documented in "Repertorium nominum gentilium et cognominum latinorum"
DNA on Cimino family shows that a group belongs to E1b1b1a1b, E-V13, and is estimated to have arrived in Europe from western Asia either in the later Mesolithic, or the Neolithic 
The family was important predominantly during the Middle Ages. In Rome the family is noted for having a fortification in Forum Romanum, including half the Arch of Septimius Severus of Severus (Claustrum Cimini), the other half was 1199 given by Pope Innocent III, to the church of S Sergio and Bacco. The stronghold included a tower placed on top of the arch itself.
In 1181 Johannes de Cimino (1150–1212), was mentioned as ArchBishop of Dublin. This Cimino is stated to be of English decent. In England and Ireland known as John Comyn. He was consecrated priest on 21 March, in 1182 in Lazio in Velletri, Lazio, Johannes de Cimino is attributed with founding St. Patrick's Cathedral, after demolishing the existing church.
Jacopo de Cimini was made Podestà of Orvieto in 1248. Teodorico was commander in Florence in 1262. Biagio de Cimini was ambassador to the Papal States for Gentile Orsini, Podestà of Orvieto 
The family achieved additional nobility in Regno (historical name of the Kindom of Naples) at the end of 1267. Bartolomeo is registered to be in the kingdom 1280. In 1290 Nicolo Cimino is made tax collector in Calabria. Tommaso, Pietro and Riccardo inherit the feudal lands of Rinaldo and a certain Filippo Cimino is made adviser (consigliere)in Vico. 
In 1273 three Cimino brothers, Tomaso, Pietro and Rinaldo, are sent to L'Aquila. In 1423 Urbano Marino Cimino was given as a gift, from the crown, half the territory of Gabella della Garaffa dei Passi d'Abruzzi, Gabella dei Flagello and a castle in the upper part of Salerno. Urbano was made governor with royal mandate during the time queen Giovanna had left the crown to Renato d'Angio. Renato left the governing of the crown to 16 governors, until he could resume the crown, of which Urbano Cimino was one. 
A certain Leonardo Cimini moved from Orvieto to Messina, Sicily, and joined in matrimony with the noble family of Calasali from Messina. Leonardos son Pietro lived in Noto, whose son Giacomo was made Patrizio of his homeland by King Martino and the queen Maria, in 1396. His son Giovanni became a lawyer and was promoted by king Alfonso to the office of "Avocato Fiscale del Regno". Giovanni's son Giacomo became several times " Capitano " and "Ciurato" 
Among the important families of Rome year 1500, the Cimini family is mentioned, living in the Colonna region.
Among the noble families of Vico Equense the family of Cimini is registered year 1671 A branch of this family achieved sovereign privileges 10 March 1586, in Taranto, and also recorded as "Patrizia" here. Tommasso Cimini was recorded coming to Lucera in 1605, where he married Barbara Tauro, of a distinguished Luceran family, and had their son Giuseppe. The family is mention in the "Capella gentilizia de Signora Cimino nella Chiesa de PP. Cappoccini di Lucera". On 27 October 1788 a branch of the Cimino Family were created as Marquis of terra di Casolla Valenzano.
This family is also registered as part of the nobility in Tropea. In 1670 the family is registered among the Barons and Feudal lords of Abruzzo Citra Cimino was counted among the families of the Carafa family in 1700 referenced relations to. And in 1738 "Cimini" is registered among the important families of Opi of Abbruzzi. A branch of the Cimini family was accepted to be included among the nobility in Recanati year 1710. The Palace of the Cimini family in Recanati is from the 18th century, in its current state, Palazzo Belli-Nicoletti
This ancient family had its noble privileges confirmed in 1341 by king of Naples Robert Anjou and by king of Naples Ladislas Anjou – Durazzo in 1407. King Ladislas sent to Calabria Nicola Cimini as deputy treasurer for the whole of the duchy This family also attained the title Counts of Nicastro.
Notable Cimini alias Cimino Family Members.
12th Century
13th Century
14th Century
15th Century
17th Century
18th Century
19th Century
20th Century

</doc>
<doc id="19748503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748503" title="Pizzo Peloso">
Pizzo Peloso

Pizzo Peloso is a mountain in the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located west of Maggia in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Vergeletto, Onsernone and Maggia. The closest higher summit is Pizzo Cramalina on the north-west side

</doc>
<doc id="19748518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748518" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 500 metres

The men's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program that took place at Castelldefels.
Results.
Heats.
30 crews were entered into the event. The top two finishers from each of the four heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
The 22 crews raced in three repechages. The top three finishers from each of the repechages and the fastest fourth place finisher advanced directly to the semifinals.
Brazil's intermediate time was not listed in the official report.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals and the faster fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 7. 
The German's margin of victory is the largest in a men's 500 meter kayak event in Olympic history.

</doc>
<doc id="19748524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748524" title="Inventive step under the European Patent Convention">
Inventive step under the European Patent Convention

Under the European Patent Convention (EPC), European patents shall be granted for inventions which "inter alia" involve an inventive step. The central legal provision explaining what this means, i.e. the central legal provision relating to the inventive step under the EPC, is . It provides that an invention, having regard to the state of the art, must not be obvious to a person skilled in the art. The Boards of Appeal of the European Patent Office (EPO) have developed an approach, called the "problem-solution approach", to assess whether an invention involves an inventive step.
Problem-solution approach.
The Examining Divisions, the Opposition Divisions, and the Boards of Appeal of the EPO predominantly apply the "problem-solution approach" in order to assess and decide whether an invention involves an inventive step. The problem-solution approach was "selected" mostly for historical and pragmatic reasons. Indeed, when setting up the European Patent Convention, the approaches to assess inventivity in national countries differed substantially from each other, and it was felt that a unique, consistent approach to inventity was needed. The "problem-solution approach" was reportedly invented by Hungarian former Board of Appeal member G. Szabó.
The problem-solution approach essentially consists in three steps:
Closest prior art, or appropriate starting point.
This first step of the problem-solution approach consists in assessing, i.e. selecting, what is the most promising starting point from which a skilled person could have arrived at the claimed invention. This public piece of prior art is called the "closest prior art", which is supposed to be "nearer the invention than any other cited piece of prior art." According to Board of Appeal member Graham Ashley, the expression "appropriate starting point" is probably more relevant since the inventive assessment could in fact be started from more than one piece of prior art. Indeed, there is no requirement to select a unique piece of prior art as starting point and stick with that piece of prior art. The problem-solution approach may need to be conducted from different starting points.
The closest prior art need not however be a document. The closest prior art can arise from a public prior use. Indeed, "features rendered available to the public by public prior use ... can be considered as the closest state of the art." The notional person skilled in the art is assumed to be aware of the totality of the prior art pertinent to the relevant area of technology and in particular of everything made available to the public within the meaning of .
Objective technical problem, or task to be addressed by the skilled person.
The second step is to determine the "objective technical problem", i.e., determining, in the light of the closest prior art, the technical problem, or task (), which the claimed invention addresses and successfully solves. This implies determining the feature(s) distinguishing the claimed subject-matter from the closest prior art, determining the technical effect(s) of the distinguishing feature(s), and finally the objective technical problem, or task, is how to adapt or modify the closest prior art to obtain the identified technical effect. The objective technical problem has to be formulated in such a manner that it does not contain pointers to the solution. In other words, the technical problem has to be formulated without including therein a part of a solution provided by the invention. Otherwise, this would result in an "ex post facto" assessment of inventive step, i.e. an assessment made with hindsight. 
The problem used for the problem-solution approach need not be identical to the one originally mentioned by the inventor in the patent application. The problem may be reformulated, at least to a certain extent, if necessary.
Any alleged technical effect that would be brought about by the differences between the claimed invention and the closest prior art must be proved, otherwise the problem must be reformulated, as mentioned above. "Alleged advantages to which the patent proprietor/applicant merely refers, without offering sufficient evidence to support the comparison with the closest prior art, cannot be taken into consideration in determining the problem underlying the invention and therefore in assessing inventive step". In other words, it must be credible that the problem is effectively solved over the whole claimed range.
Solution to the objective technical problem, and whether the subject-matter is obvious.
The last step of the problem-solution approach is conducted according to the "could-would approach". Pursuant to this approach, the question to address in order to assess whether the invention involves an inventive step is the following (the question is the climax of the problem-solution approach):
If the skilled person would have been prompted to modify the closest prior art in such a way as to arrive at something falling within the terms of the claims, then the invention does not involve an inventive step.
The point is not whether the skilled person could have arrived at the invention by adapting or modifying the closest prior art, but whether he would have done so because the prior art incited him to do so in the hope of solving the objective technical problem or in expectation of some improvement or advantage. There has to be a reason for combining two documents. This must have been the case for the skilled person before the filing or priority date valid for the claim under examination.
Partial problems.
When applying the problem-solution approach, the objective technical problem is sometimes regarded as an aggregation of a plurality of "partial problems". "This is the case where there is no technical effect achieved by all the distinguishing features taken in combination, but rather a plurality of partial problems is independently solved by different sets of distinguishing features." In that case, each set of distinguishing features is assessed independently. 
For instance, two differences may be identified between the claimed subject-matter and a document considered to be the closest prior art, whereas these two differences solve two different objective problems which are independent from each other. The two objective problems may then be treated "as separate partial problems for the purposes of assessing inventive step."
Inventions consisting in a mixture of technical and non-technical features.
An invention may consist in a mixture of technical and non-technical features. In such cases, the EPO generally applies the so-called "Comvik approach" (cf. T 641/00) to assess whether the invention involves an inventive step. In the "Comvik approach", any non-technical feature, i.e. a feature from a field excluded from patentability under , is ignored for the assessment of inventive step, unless the non-technical features do interact with the technical subject-matter to solve a technical problem. Assessing whether or not a feature contributes to the technical character of a claim has been viewed as difficult.
The Comvik approach set out in decision T 641/00 is consistent with the principle that "technically non-functional modifications are (...) irrelevant to inventive step, even if the skilled person would never think of such a modification." A modification in a device which is such that the modification has no technical effect, i.e. no effect on the operation of the device, does not involve a solution to a technical problem. An arbitrary modification of a device does not involve an inventive step if the modification has no technical relevance.<ref name="T 176/97"/>

</doc>
<doc id="19748531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748531" title="DR 18 201">
DR 18 201

The German express locomotive, number 18 201 of the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany, appeared in 1960-61 at Meiningen repair shop as a conversion of the Henschel-Wegmann train locomotive 61 002, the tender from 44 468 and parts of H 45 024 and Class 41. It is the fastest operational steam locomotive in the world. 
Origin.
The motivation for the conversion was firstly that, as a one-off, locomotive 61 002 could not really be used for scheduled services, and secondly that the research institute at VES-M Halle urgently needed locomotives that could do at least 160 km/h in order to test passenger coaches.
For the conversion a DR Class 22 new-design boiler, parts of the unsuccessful high pressure locomotive, H 45 024, (outside cylinders, trailing wheels and rear section of the locomotive frame) as well as the tender of locomotive 44 468 were used. The inside cylinder of the three-cylinder engine was not however taken from 61 002, rather a new one was made. Other technical improvements were a Riggenbach counterpressure brake and a Giesl ejector. The locomotive was streamlined at the front and over the boiler fittings.
The new locomotive was given its number to commemorate the first German locomotive with a 4-6-2 ('Pacific') wheel arrangement, the Baden IV f of the Baden State Railways (later the DRG Class 18.2).
In 1967 number 18 201 was converted to oil-firing. After the changeover to computerised numbers the engine was given the number 02 0201-0. On 11 October 1972 during a trial run it attained a top speed of 182,4 km/h. As a result it is the fastest, operational steam locomotive in the world, and also holds the world record for the biggest driving wheels (2.30 m in diameter) ever to be fitted to an engine with a 4-6-2 wheel arrangement.
When not required for test runs, locomotive 18 201 was also put in charge of scheduled express trains until well into the 1970s.
Duties as a heritage locomotive.
Since 1980 the locomotive has mainly been employed to haul heritage and special trains, often with a second tender, in order to be able to complete long-distance runs without the need to replenish its water. At its birthplace in Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works the engine was handed over to the firm of "Dampf-Plus" on 4 April 2002 having been completely overhauled. Originally sporting a green livery with white stripes, the engine was repainted between 30 April 2002 and 10 July 2005 in a special red livery (RAL 3003, ruby red) sponsored by the model railway manufacturer, Roco. Today she is once again painted in her traditional green colour (RAL 6020, chromium oxide green).
18 201 today.
Locomotive 18 201 belongs to Christian Goldschagg and Axel Zwingenberger, owners of the "Dampf-Plus" company. Up to January 2006, the locomotive was the subject of a dispute between its owners and the Deutsche Bahn AG, and a sale abroad was contemplated (even the USA and Canada were discussed).
18 201's last special run before took place on 16 July 2005 followed by several months when it was out of service. The special red livery was - as always intended - replaced by the original green paintwork.
On 31 January 2006 the newspaper, "Sächsische Zeitung", reported that the guardians of this historic Halle monument were permitting the engine to be stationed elsewhere for a length period; but this did not mean that its export was planned. Meanwhile the locomotive is stabled at Nossen.
At the celebration of the Schiefe Ebene's 160 years in September 2008 organised by the German Steam Locomotive Museum at Neuenmarkt, 18 201 was finally back in action.

</doc>
<doc id="19748542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748542" title="Pizzo Ruscada">
Pizzo Ruscada

Pizzo Ruscada is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overloking Borgnone in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between the valley of Onsernone (north) and Centovalli (south).

</doc>
<doc id="19748549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748549" title="Love Will Find a Way (Delirious? song)">
Love Will Find a Way (Delirious? song)

'Love Will Find A Way' is a single from the British rock band Delirious? and is taken from their 2008 album, Kingdom Of Comfort. The single was announced at the start of the band's Kingdom Of Comfort UK tour, which began in October 2008. It is currently being sold as three discs: two CDs containing different versions of the song, and a DVD which features the music video. It is also available from digital music retailer iTunes. It was released on the 17th of November 2008. It reached number fifty five in the UK charts in its first week.
Track listings.
CD1
CD2
DVD

</doc>
<doc id="19748552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748552" title="Munich Stadtmuseum">
Munich Stadtmuseum

The Munich Stadtmuseum (German: "Münchner Stadtmuseum") is the city museum of Munich. It was founded in 1888 by Ernst von Destouches and is located in the former municipal arsenal and stables, both buildings of the late Gothic period.
Permanent exhibitions.
The exhibition includes among many other artworks the famous gothic Morris dancers, created by Erasmus Grasser for the festival hall of the Old Town Hall, and the original puttos of the Mary's Column.
This exhibitions explains the history of the former "Hauptstadt der Bewegung" (Capital of the Movement).
More than 2.000 musical instruments from Africa, America, Asia and Europe belong to this grand collection.
This collection displays the cultural history of the puppet theatre.
The "Fotomuseum" was founded in 1963 and owns already more than 500.000 photographs.
The museum with its large archive shows weekly screenings and has once become well known for the restoration of movies of Fritz Lang, Ernst Lubitsch, Georg Wilhelm Pabst and Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau.

</doc>
<doc id="19748553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748553" title="Swansea Bay (disambiguation)">
Swansea Bay (disambiguation)

Swansea Bay may refer to the following places
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19748565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748565" title="Truncatella pulchella">
Truncatella pulchella

Truncatella pulchella is a species of very small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea, a gastropod mollusk in the family Truncatellidae. This species lives on coastlines in the tropical western Atlantic.
Distribution.
The distribution of this species includes: [http://www.malacolog.org/search.php?nameid=2047]
Description.
The maximum recorded shell length is 6.5 mm.
Habitat.
The minimum recorded depth for this species is 0 m, and the maximum recorded depth is 0 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19748592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748592" title="Pizzo Massari">
Pizzo Massari

Pizzo Massari is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Ambrì in the canton of Ticino. It is located on the chain separating the Val Lavizzara (upper Valle Maggia) from the Leventina. The lakes Lago del Sambuco and Lago Tremorgio lie on its western and eastern side respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19748593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748593" title="John Nepomuk Tschupick">
John Nepomuk Tschupick

John Nepomuk Tschupick (7 or 12 April 1729 – 20 July 1784) was a celebrated Austrian preacher.
Life.
Nepomuk was born in Vienna. He entered the Jesuit novitiate on 14 October 1744, and, shortly after, was appointed professor of grammar and rhetoric. In 1763 he became preacher at the cathedral of Vienna, a position which he filled during the remaining twenty-two years of his life with exceptional conscientiousness, prudence, and ability. His preaching was very successful and highly appreciated by Francis I (d. 1765), Maria Theresa (d. 1780), Joseph II (d. 1790), and the imperial Court.
Works.
Tschupick's sermons were remarkable for clearness and logical thought, strength and precision of expression, copiousness and skillful application of Patristic and Biblical texts. The first edition of his collected sermons was published in ten small volumes with an index volume (Vienna, 1785-7). This edition was supplemented by "Neue, bisher ungedruckte, Kanzelreden auf alle Sonn-und Festtage, wie auch für die heilige Fastenzeit" (Vienna, 1798–1803). A new edition of all his sermons was prepared by Johann Hertkens (5 vols., Paderborn, 1898–1903). An Italian translation was made by Giuseppe Teglio (4 vols., 4th ed., Milan, 1856).

</doc>
<doc id="19748618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748618" title="Pizzo Forno">
Pizzo Forno

Pizzo Forno is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Chironico in the canton of Ticino. It is to be found between Piumogna Valley, Chironico Valley and Leventina Valley. It is in pyramid form and is separate from Pizzo Campo Tencia in the east. It is visible from the municipalities of Faido, Giornico and Chironico. The north-east face is particularly striking which rises nearly 1,500 metres from the Piumogna Valley - this face is best viewed from the village of Gribbio. 
The rock is soft and is subject to frequent landslides. It is famous for its distene and staurolite crystals and for having given the surname "Forni" which is now common throughout the Leventina region.

</doc>
<doc id="19748633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748633" title="Accra Milo Marathon">
Accra Milo Marathon

Accra Milo Marathon is an annual event held in Accra, the capital city of Ghana. It has been held since 1987 and is still moving ahead. Winners of this event are usually sent to compete in the Amsterdam Marathon. It starts at the Point in Nungua and the finish line is at the Dansoman Keep Fit Club. It is normally run in September but sometimes October when the need arises.

</doc>
<doc id="19748657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748657" title="Corona di Redorta">
Corona di Redorta

The Corona di Redorta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Lavizzara and Sonogno in the canton of Ticino. Culminating at a height of 2,804 metres above sea level, the Corona di Redorta is the second highest summit of the Valle Verzasca, after Pizzo Barone.

</doc>
<doc id="19748670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748670" title="Themba Godi">
Themba Godi

Nelson Themba Godi is a South African politician and member of the National Assembly. As deputy parliamentary leader of the Pan-Africanist Congress of Azania, he was suspended by PAC's president, Motsoko Pheko, in September 2006. He is also the chairperson of Parliament's key public accounts (Scopa) committee.
He continued to serve as deputy leader of the PAC until the floor-crossing period of 2007, when he left the party with the PAC seat and formed the African Peoples' Convention on September 4, 2007. He was joined by Mofihli Dikotsi, the PAC's Chief Whip in parliament, and two MPLs: Eastern Cape MPL Zingisa Mkabile and Gauteng MPL Malesela Ledwaba. Godi was the first MP to cross the floor during the window period.

</doc>
<doc id="19748675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748675" title="Cima di Broglio">
Cima di Broglio

The Cima di Broglio is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of Monte Zucchero, on the range between the Valle Maggia and the Valle Verzasca.

</doc>
<doc id="19748688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748688" title="David Newman (political geographer)">
David Newman (political geographer)

David Newman OBE (October 25, 1956) is a British-Israeli scholar in political geography and geopolitics. He serves as professor at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev Department of Politics and Government and editor of the academic journal "Geopolitics". In March 2010, Newman was elected Dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences for the period 2010–2013.
Biography.
David Newman was born in London. He holds an Honours Bachelor of Arts in Geography from Queen Mary College at the University of London (1978) and a PhD in geography from the University of Durham, England (1981). In 1982 he was appointed as lecturer in the Tel Aviv University Department of Geography and immigrated to Israel. In 1987 he became a senior lecturer in the Department of Geography at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. From 1996 to 1998 he served as Director of its Hubert Humphrey Institute for Social Research. In 1988 he founded the Ben-Gurion University Department of Politics and Government, and served as its first chairperson until 2003. That year he facilitated the founding of the BGU Centre for the Study of European Politics and Society (CSEPS), with which he is affiliated.
From 1997 to 2003, Newman published a weekly op-ed column in the "Jerusalem Post". Newman also published essays and opinion columns in newspapers and magazines, such as the New York Times, the Guardian, and Tikkun Magazine. His political activities have focused on the Israeli peace camp, strongly arguing for territorial withdrawal and the establishment of a Palestinian State alongside Israel as part of a Two State solution to the conflict. 
Since 1999 he has been co-editor, together with Professor John Agnew from UCLA, and more recently with Prof Simon Dalby from the University of Waterloo in Canada, of the international journal "Geopolitics", published quarterly by Taylor and Francis (Routledge). 
Newman played a leading role in the defence of Israeli universities and the academic community in the face of a proposed academic boycott of Israel during 2006–2008.
Newman is involved actively in the public discourse in Israel. He writes a weekly oped column in the Jerusalem Post. Many of these articles touch on issues relating to Israeli politics, the Israel-Palestine conflict and the interface of politics and academia. During 2012-2013, Newman was active in defending his University and Department against attempts at right wing political intervention on the part of Israel's Council of Higher Education (the CHE).
Since the mid-1990s, Newman has been active in activities which negate the attempts to impose any form of academic boycott on Israeli scholars or institutions. He represented Israel's universities in the UK. Despite this, he has been subject to attacks by extremist right wing organizations in Israel, such as Isracampus, Academic Monitor, Im Tirzu, and the NGO Monitor, for his founding and leadership of the Department of Politics and Government at the University and for his left of center political positions on the Arab-Israel conflict. This has not prevented him from being elected, almost unanimously, for a second term of Faculty Dean for the period 2013-2016.
Newman was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to higher education and the humanities and promoting academic links between the UK and Israel.
Research.
Newman's published work focuses on two main areas of research:
a) territorial dimensions of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Newman has analysed the impact of the West Bank settlement network and the settler movement Gush Emunim. He has also carried out research on the changing territorial configurations of a Two State solution to the conflict with a particular emphasis on the Green Line boundary which separates Israel from the West Bank. During the early 1990s, Newman undertook joint work with Arab geographer, Ghazi Falah looking at the territorial and border implications of a Two State solution, some of earliest collaborative work between Israeli and Palestinian scholars to have been undertaken in. This resulted in a series of four published articles as well as a retrospective look at the problems of undertaking collaborative research of this nature. 
b) a conceptual discussion relating to the functions and significances of borders in the contemporary period of globalization. Newman has published a counter narrative to globalization notions of a borderless and deterritorialized world, arguing that borders retain their significance in the contemporary world and that there is no such thing as deterritorialization, only reterritorialization in which spatial configurations of power are constantly being reconfigured. Not only does territory and, by association borders, retain their significance, but Newman emphasizes the need to focus on the symbolic dimensions of territory and the ways in which this feeds into the formation of national identity and attachment to place and space, in addition to the more traditional discussions which focus on the tangible and physical characteristics of territory, such as size, shape and physical resources. In the study of borders, Newman has moved beyond the study of international boundaries as it has been analysed within the Geographical and Political Science disciplines, to a multi-dsciplinary discourse involving sociologists, anthropologists, jurists and other scholars in an attempt to reshift the focus away from borders as lines on the map, to the more dynamic and functional processes of bordering within the wider realms of society and space, including the unseen and invisible borders which separate groups from each other.
c)In recent years Newman has began to study the problematic interface of academics and politics. This is relevant in two spheres: the first of these concerns the specific nature of political intervention in the academic process in Israel and the growing attempts by a right wing government, and its politically appointed Council of Higher Education (CHE), to intervene in university departments which do not, in their view, adopt the correct political line. Secondly, the nature of university funding and the increasing technocratic model of university management, based on index factors, efficiency and profitability, has come under scrutiny as a system which essentially negates the essence of Social Sciences, Humanities and the Liberal Arts. This is becoming increasingly problematic within Israeli universities and has become a point of much debate in recent years. Newman conducts an annual graduate seminar on thse issues for MA and PhD students from throughout the 21 Department Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at his university.
Affiliations and public activities.
Newman is associated with a number of border and boundary related institutions, such as the International Boundaries Research Unit in the UK, the Association of Borderland Studies in the USA, the Border Regions in Transition (BRIT) network, and, until 2012, as the Secretary of the Commission on the World Political Map (WPM) of the International Geographical Union. He has facilitated and attended as keynote speaker at international gatherings dealing with geopolitical and border related issues. Newman has spent periods of time as visiting professor and research fellow at a number of universities and research institutions throughout Europe and North America. In 2006, Newman was the Leverhulme Professor in Geopolitics at the University of Bristol in the UK.
Newman has been involved in a series of research projects, peace-related activities and a variety of Track II discussions and negotiations. This includes joint Israeli-Palestinian projects looking at territorial and border issues, funded by the Ford Foundation, the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation (both with Ghazi Falah, the United States Institute of Peace in a project examining potential cross-border cooperation between Israel and a future Palestinian State, a European Union consortium project looking at the role of the EU in intervening in border conflicts, and a European Union Partnership in Peace programme, facilitating peace related workshops for religious teachers in Israel and Palestine. From 2012-2016, Newman is part of a 20 university pan-European consortium of the FP7 (EU) funded project on Borderscapes, headed up by the University of Joensuu in Finland. In 2013, Newman and ben Gurion University became part of the new borders project, Borders in Globalization, to be funded by the Canadian SSHRC and headed by Prof Emanuel Brunet Jailly at the University of Victoria, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19748694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748694" title="Pizzo delle Pecore">
Pizzo delle Pecore

Pizzo delle Pecore (2,381 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies just south of the slightly higher Cima di Broglio, on the range between the Valle Maggia and the Valle Verzasca.

</doc>
<doc id="19748695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748695" title="Anguispira alternata">
Anguispira alternata

Anguispira alternata, common name the flamed disc or flamed tigersnail, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae, the disk snails.
Parasites.
Parasites of "Anguispira alternata" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748698" title="Daniel Bogusz">
Daniel Bogusz

Daniel Bogusz (born 21 September 1974 in Warsaw) is a retired Polish professional footballer.
Career.
Bogusz played several seasons in the Polish Ekstraklasa with Jagiellonia Białystok and Widzew Łódź.
International career.
He also made two appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19748699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748699" title="Arboretum de la Tuillère">
Arboretum de la Tuillère

The Arboretum de la Tuillère is a private arboretum located in Ayen, Corrèze, Limousin, France. The arboretum was created in 1990 and now contains about 900 species of woody plants. It is open daily several days per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19748725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748725" title="Poncione Piancascia">
Poncione Piancascia

The Poncione Piancascia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Brione in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the Valle Maggia and the Valle Verzasca. The Poncione di Piancascia has an elevation of 2,360 metres and is the highest summit on the range south of Pizzo delle Pecore.

</doc>
<doc id="19748756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748756" title="Ogemawahj Tribal Council">
Ogemawahj Tribal Council

Ogemawahj Tribal Council is a non-profit Regional Chiefs' Council representing Mississaugas, Ojibwa and Potawatomi First Nations in southern Ontario, Canada. The Council provides advisory services and program delivery to its six member-Nations.
Mandate.
According to their own website, the Ogemawahj Tribal Council state their mandate is "...to represent and conduct Tribal Council business in the approved name of the Ogemawahj Tribal Council ... To exercise this delegation with respect and proper duty ... And to comply fully with the wishes and expectations of those First Nations from which the OTC authority is derived."
Council.
The Council is made up of a representing Chief from each of the six member communities. The Chiefs provide political direction to the organization in its strategic planning, government relations and policy development. To assist in these activities, the Council maintains a political and advocacy staff to support its efforts in helping their communities to prosper.

</doc>
<doc id="19748757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748757" title="Ed Putman">
Ed Putman

Eddy William Putman is a former Major League Baseball catcher. He played parts of three seasons in the major leagues between and . He played mostly behind the plate, but also played some first base and third base.

</doc>
<doc id="19748761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748761" title="Aillyidae">
Aillyidae

Aillyidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the informal group Sigmurethra.
Aillyidae is the only family in the superfamily Aillyoidea.
This family and the genus is named in honor of Swedish malacologist Adolf d’Ailly (1855-1927).
Taxonomy.
The family Aillyidae is classified within the informal group Sigmurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
Prestonellidae has been tentatively placed as a synonym of Aillyidae in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005. Herbert & Mitchell (2009) have moved Prestonellidae to the superfamily Orthalicoidea.

</doc>
<doc id="19748769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748769" title="Madom da Sgióf">
Madom da Sgióf

The Madom da Sgióf is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Maggia and Brione in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19748773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748773" title="Lloyd C.I">
Lloyd C.I

__NOTOC__
The Lloyd C.I was a reconnaissance aircraft produced in Austria-Hungary shortly before and during the First World War and which formed the basis for a number of other closely related types. It was the Lloyd company's own design, but reflected the DFW designs that Lloyd had previously been building under licence, in particular, in its swept-back, ""Pfiel"" ("arrow")-style wings. Apart from this feature, it was a conventional biplane design for its day, with staggered wings of unequal span and accommodation for the pilot and observer in tandem, open cockpits. The fuselage was built from welded steel tube, and was covered in fabric. A small load of bombs could be carried internally, to be released by the observer.
The type was demonstrated at the 1914 Vienna air meet, piloted by Lloyd founder Oblt Heinrich Bier. On the first day of flying (21 June), he used it to set two altitude records, one for a pilot and single passenger (6,170 m or 20,237 ft) and one for pilot and two passengers (5,440 m or 17,843 ft), also winning the altitude competition for the meet.

</doc>
<doc id="19748774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748774" title="Micractaeon koptawelilensis">
Micractaeon koptawelilensis

Micractaeon koptawelilensis is a species of land snail, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Achatinoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
"Micractaeon koptawelilensis" is the only species in the genus Micractaeon. "Micractaeon" is the type genus of the family Micractaeonidae, and "Micractaeon" is the only genus in the family Micractaeonidae. This family has no subfamilies.
Distribution.
The distribution of "Micractaeon koptawelilensis" includes tropical Africa: Ghana, Cameroon, eastern and south­eastern Zaïre, Malawi, eastern Zambia, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania.
The type locality is Mount Elgon, Kenya.
Description.
The width of the shell is 0.7-1.3 mm. The height of the shell is 1.1-2.2 mm.
Ecology.
"Micractaeon koptawelilensis" inhabits forests. These snails are found in leaf litter samples.

</doc>
<doc id="19748780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748780" title="Potosi Mining District">
Potosi Mining District

The Potosi Mining District, or Potosi, is an area in the in Clark County of southern Nevada, U.S. It listed on the National Register of Historic Places and includes three structures. The town was named after the famous silver-mining city of Potosi, Bolivia.
History.
The mines in the area produced gold, silver, zinc, platinum, copper, palladium, cobalt, nickel, and antimony. A small amount of carnotite (a vanadium-uranium mineral) was also discovered, but not mined.
Geography.
The site of Potosi or Potosi Camp is an elevation of above sea level.
Included mines.
Potosi Mining District was a part of the Goodsprings Mining District and included the following mines:

</doc>
<doc id="19748808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748808" title="Madone (Locarno)">
Madone (Locarno)

The Madone is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between the valleys of Maggia and Verzasca in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19748815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748815" title="California Environmental Resources Evaluation System">
California Environmental Resources Evaluation System

The California Environmental Resources Evaluation System (CERES) is a California Resources Agency program established to coordinate and provide access to a variety of environmental and geoinformation electronic data about California. The goal of CERES is to improve environmental analysis and planning by integrating natural and cultural resource information from multiple sources, then making it available on the World wide web. 

</doc>
<doc id="19748819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748819" title="Banking in Iceland">
Banking in Iceland

Banking in Iceland faced a crisis in 2008, which resulted in the government taking over three of its largest commercial banks.
The short-term liabilities of Icelandic banks in proportion to Iceland's GDP are 211%, as of 11 October 2008, or 480% of the country's national debt, and the average leverage ratio (assets/networth) is 1 to 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19748836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748836" title="ABC News Breakfast">
ABC News Breakfast

ABC News Breakfast is an Australian news breakfast television program which broadcasts on ABC1 and ABC News 24 from 6am to 9.30am on weekdays. The program airs live in all Australian timezones on the high-definition digital free-to-air channel ABC News 24. It is also streamed live on the ABC's website and broadcast live on Foxtel and Austar pay television services. It is also broadcast on the Australia Network throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
History.
The program commenced broadcasting on 3 November 2008 on ABC2, with hosts Virginia Trioli, Barrie Cassidy and Joe O'Brien (who replaced Cassidy on Fridays and during Cassidy's holidays). They are joined by sport presenter Paul Kennedy and weather presenter Vanessa O'Hanlon. Erin Vincent is the program's executive producer.
"ABC News Breakfast" covers the latest news, analysis, debate, finance, sport and weather. It draws upon the resources of ABC newsrooms and radio programs across Australia and the world. 
During winter, the program is broadcast live on digital free-to-air channel ABC1 in the states of New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and Tasmania. It is broadcast on a 30 minute delay in South Australia and the Northern Territory and on a two hour delay in Western Australia. 
During summer, when only some Australian states adopt daylight saving time, the program is broadcast live on free-to-air channel ABC1 only in the states of New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania. It is broadcast on a 30 minute delay in South Australia, a 60 minute delay in Queensland, a 90 minute delay in the Northern Territory and on a three hour delay in Western Australia. During this time, ABC News 24 broadcasts the program LIVE Australian Eastern Daylight Savings time across Australia. 
In May 2011, the program moved to ABC1, with children's programming moving to ABC2 and ABC3.
In November 2011, it was announced that the "ABC News Breakfast" brand would spread to the weekend with "Weekend Breakfast" hosted by Andrew Geoghegan and Miriam Corowa.
In January 2014 ABC News Breakfast had an extensive makeover, launching a larger new and improved set with three different individual presenting areas. The set includes a news desk, a newswall presenting area and a soft set with setting. Ironically the new set kept the existing couch that has been seen on air sense the shows launch. 
"Weekend Breakfast".
"Weekend Breakfast" is a mix of live breaking news and discussion, interviews with newsmakers and the weekend sport and weather hosted by Andrew Geoghegan and Miriam Corowa. The show began on 4 February 2012 and airs from 8am to 11:30am on weekend mornings on ABC News 24.
Presenters.
In January 2009, ABC announced that Joe O'Brien will remain as host on Monday through to Friday replacing Barrie Cassidy. In April 2010, ABC announced that O'Brien would leave "ABC News Breakfast" to be morning news presenter on ABC News 24. In May 2010, former ABC News North America correspondent Michael Rowland replaced O'Brien as co-host. 
The main fill-in presenters for Trioli are Tamara Oudyn, Beverley O'Connor and Melissa Clarke and the fill-in presenters for Rowland are Paul Kennedy, Neal Woolrich and Waleed Aly. Steve Pearce, Sharelle McMahon, Amy Hetzel and Amy Bainbridge are the fill-in sport presenters if Kennedy is away and Paul Higgins and Kirsten Veness are the fill-in weather presenters if O'Hanlon is away.
Karina Carvalho and Beverley O'Connor replaced Virginia Trioli, while she was on maternity leave, throughout 2012.
Regulars.
The program features a number of regular segments and guests which appear each morning discussing the latest news and politics. 

</doc>
<doc id="19748842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748842" title="Poncione di Piotta">
Poncione di Piotta

The Poncione di Piotta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Lavertezzo and Moleno in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain that separates the valley of Verzasca (west) from the Leventina valley (east).

</doc>
<doc id="19748847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748847" title="Urocoptidae">
Urocoptidae

Urocoptidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Urocoptoidea.
Taxonomy.
2005 taxonomy.
The Urocoptidae family was classified in the superfamily Orthalicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Urocoptidae consists of 7 subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005):
2008 taxonomy.
Uit de Weerd (2008) moved the Urocoptidae to the newly established superfamily Urocoptoidea based on molecular phylogeny research.
The following cladogram based on Bayesian analysis of sequences of 28S ribosomal RNA shows the phylogenic relations within the Urocoptoidea. There are up to 2008 genetically analyzed species of Urocoptidae and one species of Cerionidae marked in khaki color in the cladogram.
2012 taxonomy.
Fred G. Thompson established the family Epirobiidae in 2012 for five genera of snails ("Epirobia", "Propilsbrya", "Pectinistemma", "Gyrocion", "Prionoloplax"), that were previously placed within Urocoptidae. Data from molecular phylogeny research as well as morphology supports monophyly of Holospiridae Pilsbry, 1946 and the Eucalodiidae Crosse & Fischer, 1868.
Genera.
Genera in the family Urocoptidae include:
Urocoptinae
Apominae
Brachypodellinae
Eucalodiinae
Holospirinae
Microceraminae
Tetrentodontinae
Other genera include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748852" title="Bothriembryontidae">
Bothriembryontidae

Bothriembryontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Orthalicoidea.
Taxonomy.
This family has been named Placostylidae and had no subfamilies (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Breure et al. (2010) moved "Prestonella" and "Bothriembryon" to Placostylidae.
Breure & Romero (2012) confirmed previous results from 2010 and they renamed Placostylidae to Bothriembryontidae.
Genera.
Genera within the family Bothriembryontidae include:
A cladogram based on nuclear ITS2, 28S rRNA and histone 3 (H3) and sequences of mitochondrial cytochrome-c oxidase I (COI) genes showing phylogenic relations of Bothriembryontidae by Breure & Romero (2012):
Distribution.
Bothriembryontidae have Gondwanan distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="19748863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748863" title="Megaspiridae">
Megaspiridae

Megaspiridae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Orthalicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Megaspiridae has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Megaspiridae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748866" title="List of awards and nominations received by Dave Matthews Band">
List of awards and nominations received by Dave Matthews Band

Dave Matthews Band is an American rock band, formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991 by singer-songwriter and guitarist Dave Matthews. Other band members include bassist Stefan Lessard, violinist Boyd Tinsley, and drummer Carter Beauford. In November 1990, Matthews became friends with a lawyer named Ross Hoffman while a bartender in Charlottesville. Hoffman convinced Matthews to create a demo album of a few songs that he had written. Matthews then shared the demo with other musicians, including Beauford and Moore. Both of them, who were jazz musicians at the time, joined Matthews after hearing the demo. The band has released eight studio albums, all with RCA Records: "Under the Table and Dreaming" (1994), "Crash" (1996), "Before These Crowded Streets" (1998), "Everyday" (2001), "Busted Stuff" (2002), "Stand Up" (2005), "Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King" (2009), "Away from the World" (2012). They have sold over 31 million albums in the United States, making them one of the top 100 highest-selling music acts of all-time.
The band has received three nominations from the American Music Awards and six nominations from the MTV Video Music Awards but has yet to win an award from either ceremony. Dave Matthews Band received two nominations in its debut year in 1996 from the Grammy Awards, but did not win either one. The next year, however, they received the Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group award for the song "So Much to Say" from their third album, "Crash". Overall, Dave Matthews Band has received 7 awards from 27 nominations.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Dave Matthews Band has received three nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States. Dave Matthews Band has received one award from fourteen nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Dave Matthews Band has received six nominations.
My VH1 Music Awards.
The My VH1 Music Awards was a short-lived annual awards ceremony established by the VH1 music channel. Dave Matthews Band has received four awards from four nominations.
NAACP Image Awards.
The NAACP Image Awards are presented annually by the American National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Dave Matthews Band has received one award.

</doc>
<doc id="19748875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748875" title="Coelociontidae">
Coelociontidae

Coelociontidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the clade Eupulmonata (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Coelociontidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748881" title="Cerionidae">
Cerionidae

Cerionidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Urocoptoidea.
Pre-2008 taxonomy.
According to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), the family Cerionidae is classified in the superfamily Orthalicoidea, within the informal group Sigmurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata. The family Cerionidae has no subfamilies.
2008 taxonomy.
Uit de Weerd (2008) moved the Cerionidae to the newly established superfamily Urocoptoidea based on molecular phylogeny research.
Fossil record.
The oldest fossil cerionid is "C. acherontis" from the Upper Cretaceous Hell Creek Formation, in Montana, northwestern USA. The second oldest record is the genus "Brasilennea" from the Brazilian Paleocene Itaboraí Basin, in Rio de Janeiro.
Genera.
Genera within the Cerionidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748883" title="Gordon Levett">
Gordon Levett

Lieut. Col. Gordon Levett (1921–2000) was a former Royal Air Force pilot in World War II who volunteered for a covert mission to fly supplies including dismantled fighter planes into the fledgling state of Israel in its War for Independence. Later Levett joined the first squadron of the newly created Israeli Air Force, helping establish a permanent Israeli military and aiding in the founding of the state of Israel. Levett was the only English gentile pilot in the Israeli Air Force, where he rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Biography.
Background.
Born into such poverty in London that his mother once placed him in an orphanage for eighteen months so he wouldn't starve, Levett joined the RAF in 1939 at age 17 when World War II broke out. Initially a groundcrewman, Levett applied for a pilot slot and in November 1940 was sent to flight school. He spent the rest of the war training other pilots and flying transport planes, becoming a Squadron Leader. But he was subsequently expelled from the RAF after taking unauthorized leave from his remote Burma base, and so after the War was unable to find work as an aviator.
Levett went to work in a Jewish-owned diaper laundry in London, where he learned about developments in the Middle East. When he read of attempts to found an Israeli state, he volunteered to join the Israeli Mahal unit, a group of 5,000-odd overseas volunteers in early 1948. The Mahal were established to assist what had been a largely underground Zionist force. After two meetings with Jewish agents in London, Levett was supplied with a ticket for Paris. From there he was sent to Czechoslovakia.
With the Israeli Air Force.
The Mahal pilots, mostly English Jews, began ferrying dismantled Avia S-199s (a modified Messerschmitt-109G with a bomber engine and gunpods) fighter aircraft from their base in Žatec, Czechoslovakia, where a group of mostly American Jewish volunteers had assembled a fleet of transport aircraft acquired in the United States, to Ekron airbase in an operation codenamed Operation Balak. Levett's job was shuttling the Avias and an enormous cache of arms bought from the Czechs, with Soviet approval, to Israel. The cargo included the disassembled fighter planes, bombs, firearms and even first aid equipment.
Located on an out-of-the-way road in a rural area some 20 miles from the East German border, the Czech base was a primitive facility with a small control tower, a few huts and a single concrete runway used by the Luftwaffe during World War II. The scene at the tiny facility startled Levett and other volunteers: They were greeted by a jarring jumble of American transport aircraft and several Messerschmitt 109 fighters, six or seven Curtiss Commando C-46s, a Douglas Skymaster DC-4 and several smaller aircraft. "Even more astonishing, the ground staff wore baseball caps and were speaking with American accents."
The Balak airlift, operating under Israel's Air Transport Command, lasted three months. Operating under cover of darkness, Levett transported tons of arms, ammunition and personnel, as well as the disassembled Avias. The airlift was instrumental in Israel's success in the War for Independence. The hazardous trips, recounted by Levett in his memoir "Flying Under Two Flags: An RAF Pilot in Israel's War of Independence", skirted enemy groundfire and hostile fighter planes in making their deliveries.
Some 5,000 foreigners volunteered to help Israel in the fight for independence. Levett was one of the few non-Jews, and his role as the primary pilot in the Balak airlift proved pivotal. The Avia fighters, dismantled and flown in pieces from the Czech base, were reassembled and painted in new colors when they arrived in Israel. The fighters Levett transported became the backbone of the new Jewish state's first air force.
Following the airlift, Levett joined Squadron 101 in November 1948. The squadron, which included Ezer Weizman (later commander of the Israeli Air Force, Minister of Defense and President of Israel), was instrumental in the War for Independence. During its first eight months, the fighter squadron shot down 20 Arab aircraft, including a few former RAF fighter planes piloted by the enemy during a January 1949 engagement. In that unlikely dogfight, Israeli pilots flying Nazi-designed Avias downed several English-made Spitfires flown by the Egyptians.
Being a non-Jew wasn't the only thing that made Levett unusual. Some of the fledgling nation's new pilots were strictly mercenaries, paid far more than volunteers like Levett. Levett was scornful of the motives of the mercenaries. "One American fighter pilot," he wrote, "was getting 2,000 dollars-a-month and a 500-dollar bonus for every enemy aircraft he shot down," Levett recalled in his memoir. "They did their job well, but I did not care for them. At the toss of a shekel they would have been on the other side."
Before he began flying the hazardous sorties for 101 Squadron, Levett had kept secret from his Israeli handlers the fact that he had never flown a single RAF combat mission in a fighter, although he had trained in them. His only operational experience was flying lumbering cargo planes.
His early attempts at flying the nimble British-made Spitfires and American-made Mustangs didn't always go smoothly. The Spitfires weighed less than four tons; the C-46 cargo planes Levett flew weighed more than 25 tons. Eventually Levett grew accustomed to the smaller aircraft, but it was a steep learning curve. The morning of Levett's first combat sortie on 28 December 1948, for instance, found Levett and pilot Syd Cohen dining on boiled eggs and black coffee in the predawn hours; both pilots were nervous. They were dressed casually, without badges of rank. They listened to the sound of their Spitfire Merlins being readied for flight on the tarmac. Levett had such jitters that he filled an ashtray sitting at the table.
Nor was Levett's inexperience his only obstacle. When he joined the Israeli forces, the Israeli agents believed that the English gentile and former RAF pilot was likely a British spy. Levett's English passport made him especially suspect: Most Israelis saw the English as opponents of the Zionist cause.
"Not only was he not a Jew," said "The New York Times", "but Mr. Levett was particularly notable because he was British. To most Israelis at that time, the recently lapsed British mandate in Palestine had been decidedly pro-Arab, and British Government policy was seen as anti-Zionist. Recruited in March 1948 by emissaries in Europe of the Haganah, the Jewish fighting force in Palestine, Mr. Levett was viewed with a healthy dose of suspicion."
"'In my last interview," Levett told "The New York Times", 'I was told, 'We're quite convinced that you are a British spy, but we're going to take you to see what you're up to.'"
Levett turned out to be no spy. Decades later, in May 1998, he and several hundred Mahal volunteers were invited by Israel to be honored for their service at celebrations of the country's 50th anniversary. "Their expertise was critical," noted The Times "in helping what was previously an underground Zionist force win the war against the Arab armies."
The operation of which Levett had been part succeeded in supplying arms to the Israelis, but it was controversial and hazardous: The airlift violated a United Nations embargo on arms shipments to the Middle Eastern combatants. Some flights by the neophyte fighter pilot Levett had involved actual bombing raids by transport planes jury rigged into bombers. The modified transport planes made bombing runs from the Sinai Peninsula to Damascus, Syria.
The modified bombers contained no bomb racks. Instead, the few bombs they carried were pushed out the aircraft's belly by a human 'bomb-chucker' who was tied to the aircraft's frame with rope.
Levett survived the nerve-jangling raids. In his memoir decades later Levett recalled his enthusiasm for the Israeli cause and his frustration with the British government's position. England's refusal to cooperate with a 1947 plan to partition Palestine into Arab and Jewish states, and the British threat to remove its stabilizing forces from the region, compelled Levett to volunteer for the Israeli forces. Soon he felt comfortable in their ranks. He felt more at home walking down Ben-Gurion Street in Tel Aviv, Levett said later, than he did strolling in Piccadilly.
Some jarring contrasts from the conflict stayed with him. At the Žatec base, for instance, the Israeli-bound, German-designed Avias were festooned with the Star of David instead of swastikas. Later, Levett heard a rumor that former Luftwaffe pilots had been recruited as mercenaries by the Arab forces, and he wondered if he would have to face his old foe. He also wrestled with the prospect that someday he might face an RAF fighter in combat over Palestine. (A possibility which, fortunately, never presented itself.) "I remembered E.M. Forster's apophthegm that if he ever had to choose between cause and country," wrote Levett, "he hoped he would have the guts to choose the cause."
"Looking back, I have neither failed nor succeeded, the fate of most of us," Levett wrote in his memoir, "but I shall leave the world a better place than when I entered it because I helped found the State of Israel."
Following the Israeli War for Independence, Levett left Squadron 101, where he had flown over 20 combat missions and downed two Egyptian fighters, and instead took command of Squadron 106 of the Israeli Air Force, formerly a ragtag transport unit staffed by American volunteers. Levett transformed the squadron into a full-fledged Israeli Air Force unit. At his new post, Levett trained new native transport pilots. For his accomplishments he was promoted to the rank of "Sgan Aluf" (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Israeli Air Force.
Later life.
Eventually, Levett retired from the Israeli Air Force. He gave some thought to remaining in Israel, but decided instead to return to England. On his return home, the former orphan and diaper laundry worker found work again as a pilot. He began ferrying planes for aircraft companies, often flying back to Israel for El Al Airline. Gordon Levett died in England in 2000 at age 79. Israeli and Jewish organizations worldwide mourned his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19748886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748886" title="Precor">
Precor

Precor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19748905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748905" title="African People's Convention">
African People's Convention

The African People's Convention is a political party formed by Themba Godi, former deputy leader of the Pan-Africanist Congress of Azania via floor crossing legislation, on September 4, 2007. Godi defected along with the PAC's only two provincial representatives, Eastern Cape MPL Zingisa Mkabile and Gauteng MPL Malesela Ledwaba. Godi is the current leader of the APC in parliament. The party retained its seat in the National Assembly in the 2009 elections, although it lost both of its representatives in the provincial legislatures of Gauteng and Eastern Cape. 
Like the PAC, the party's ideology officially appeals to "Africanists, Pan Africanists and socialists".

</doc>
<doc id="19748909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748909" title="Grangerellidae">
Grangerellidae

Grangerellidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the superfamily Orthalicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005). This family has no subfamilies.
Genera.
Genera within the family Grangerellidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748911" title="Poncione dei Laghetti (Lavertezzo)">
Poncione dei Laghetti (Lavertezzo)

The Poncione dei Laghetti is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Lavertezzo in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina.

</doc>
<doc id="19748925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748925" title="Palaeostoidae">
Palaeostoidae

Palaeostoidae is an extinct family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Clausilioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Subfamilies and genera.
The family Palaeostoidae consists of the following subfamilies and genera:

</doc>
<doc id="19748926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748926" title="Filholiidae">
Filholiidae

†Filholiidae is an extinct family of fossil air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Clausilioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Genera.
Genera within the genus "Filholiidae" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19748940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748940" title="John Noel">
John Noel

John Noel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19748946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748946" title="Parc Arboretum de Saint-Setiers">
Parc Arboretum de Saint-Setiers

The Parc Arboretum de Saint-Setiers is a private park and arboretum located in Saint-Setiers, Corrèze, Limousin, France. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The park and its arboretum were established in the 19th century, and now contain about 115 species of trees and shrubs including a Thujopsis specimen dating from 1802 and a large Douglas fir from 1895, as well as a 5 kilometer forest trail, a river island covered with rhododendrons, and a monumental earthen sculpture (La Grande Nageuse) by Gerhard Lentik.
It is also possible to see the sculpture of Marc Duquesnoy realized in 2008, in the stock of a tree : the wood combined with the porcelain.

</doc>
<doc id="19748967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748967" title="Cima di Bri">
Cima di Bri

Cima di Bri is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is situated between Lavertezzo and Biasca, on the range that separates the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina. With an altitude of 2,520 metres, it is the highest summit of this chain south of Passo di Gagnone.

</doc>
<doc id="19748971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748971" title="Umtamvuna Nature Reserve">
Umtamvuna Nature Reserve

The Umtamvuna Nature Reserve is situated in South Africa on the KwaZulu-Natal side of the Mtamvuna River, and is managed by Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife. The reserve is 3,257 hectares in extent and was established on 25 July 1971. 
Description.
The reserve includes a section of the Mtamvuna River, and surrounding cliffs and plateaus, from the outskirts of the town of Port Edward to 19 km inland. The total river frontage in the reserve is about 28 km. The reserve also includes the Bulolo River; a tributary of the Mtamvuna. The plateau areas consist of grasslands (Pondoland Sourveld), which drop off into Coastal Scarp Forest in the gorge along the river below. Some of the cliff-faces are up to 240 m high, and a colony of Cape Vultures is said to nest on them. The cliffs were formed by the river incising into Natal Group Sandstone, and many endemic plants grow on this substrate and the soils derived from it. The grassland areas of the reserve are known for their natural display of wildflowers in late spring, depending on rainfall and burns.
Wildlife.
Animals in the reserve include

</doc>
<doc id="19748992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19748992" title="Néstor Calderón">
Néstor Calderón

Néstor Calderón Enríquez (born February 14, 1989) also known as "el Avión" (the Plane) for his speed, is a Mexican football midfielder. He is currently playing with Club Santos Laguna.
Career.
He was spotted and brought by José Manuel de la Torre from the youth squads of Chivas to Atlético Mexiquense, and from there was promoted to the first Toluca squad due to his great performance. Starting almost every game.
International career.
The young Calderón has quickly grabbed the attention of many, including the Mexican national team coach Javier Aguirre who in September 2009 called him to train with Mexico for the World Cup Qualifiers against Costa Rica and Honduras and later gave him his international debut in a friendly against Colombia in the United States.
International Caps.
"As of 25 January 2012"
U-23 International appearances.
"As of 26 May 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="19749008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749008" title="Dibasic acid">
Dibasic acid

A dibasic acid is an acid that has two hydrogen ions to donate to a base in an acid-base reaction. Therefore, a dibasic molecule has two replaceable hydrogen atoms. Example: H2SO4.

</doc>
<doc id="19749012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749012" title="Cima di Gagnone">
Cima di Gagnone

Cima di Gagnone is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is located between the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina, south of Passo di Gagnone.

</doc>
<doc id="19749039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749039" title="Cima Bianca">
Cima Bianca

The Cima Bianca is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Giornico in the canton of Ticino. On the northern side lies a small lake named "Laghetto".

</doc>
<doc id="19749040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749040" title="Tribasic acid">
Tribasic acid

A tribasic acid is an acid that has three hydrogen ions to donate to a base in an acid-base reaction. Therefore, a tribasic molecule has three replaceable hydrogen atoms.
Phosphoric acid (H3PO4) and citric acid are examples of tribasic acids.

</doc>
<doc id="19749043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749043" title="Grönholm">
Grönholm

Grönholm is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19749045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749045" title="Third All Russian Conference of Trade Unions">
Third All Russian Conference of Trade Unions

The Third All Russian Conference of Trade Unions was the first national conference of trade unions held in Russia following the February Revolution. It was held in Petrograd 20–28 June 1917.
The conference was attended by 211 delegates representing 380,000 workers. These delegates were 73 Bolsheviks, 36 Mensheviks, 6 Menshevik Internationalists, 11 Bundists 31 non-fractional Social Democrats, 25 Social Revolutionaries and 7 delegates on no known party affiliation. 
V. P. Grinevich, a Menshevik started the discussion on the role of the trade unions, which he characterised as conducting the economic struggle of the working class, depicting the strike as the principal weapon while under capitalism. He argued that they should not involve themselves in the organisation of production, a role he allocated to the state. The Internationalists criticised this view as supporting state control rather than workers' control.
Nikolai Glebov-Avilov presented the Bolshevik positions at this conference:
The All-Russian Metalworkers Union played a prominent role at the conference. It was during this conference they elected their Temporary Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19749070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749070" title="Anadromidae">
Anadromidae

Anadromidae is an extinct family of gastropods in the clade Eupulmonata (according to taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
Taxonomy.
The Anadromidae family is classified within the informal group Sigmurethra, itself belonging to the clade Stylommatophora within the clade Eupulmonata (according to taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).
The family Anadromidae consists of the following subfamilies:

</doc>
<doc id="19749074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749074" title="Megalophaedusa martensi">
Megalophaedusa martensi

Megalophaedusa martensi is a species of medium-sized air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.
Description.
This is the largest species in the family Clausiliidae, worldwide.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19749081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749081" title="Iulia">
Iulia

Iulia is a feminine name tracing back to the ancient Romans. It is still found in several contemporary languages such as Romanian. Iulia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749087" title="VES-M Halle">
VES-M Halle

The Versuchs- und Entwicklungsstelle Maschinenwirtschaft in Halle, Germany, (VES-M Halle) was a railway research and development department working for the engineering head office of the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) in East Germany after the Second World War. It worked closely with the Railways Institute ("Institut für Eisenbahnwesen").
Amongst other things, all rolling stock intended for deployment on the DR railway network, whether built in Germany or abroad, was thoroughly tested here. Loading tests with measurement trains on the open line, starting tests on the Berlin outer ring and other task were carried out by this special division of the Deutsche Reichsbahn. 
Even the fastest, still operational steam locomotive, the DR 18 201, which used to have the DR number 02 0201-0, was used by VES-M Halle before the merger of the DR and DB. It was designed here for high-speed trials and was made, to a large extent, by converting existing engines and components. 
For high speed runs an electric locomotive class, the E 18 was also used. The 'Germanisation' of diesel locomotives of Russian and Romanian origin was also carried out here.
The first head of the "VES-M" in 1951 was the locomotive engineer, Max Baumberg.
In 2008, a permanent exhibition about the "VES-M Halle" was opened at the DB Museum in Halle.

</doc>
<doc id="19749102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749102" title="Juan Manuel (album)">
Juan Manuel (album)

Juan Manuel is the second album by Plastilina Mosh, a band from Monterrey, Mexico, released in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19749103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749103" title="Bob Riedy">
Bob Riedy

Robert F. "Bob" Riedy (born August 26, 1945) was an American basketball player.
Riedy played college basketball at Duke University.
Riedy was selected by the Baltimore Bullets in the sixth round of the 1967 NBA Draft (56th overall pick) but played professionally for the other team that drafted him that year, the Houston Mavericks of the American Basketball Association prior to the ABA-NBA merger.

</doc>
<doc id="19749132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749132" title="USNS John Lenthall (T-AO-189)">
USNS John Lenthall (T-AO-189)

USNS "John Lenthall" (T-AO-189) is a of the United States Navy.
Construction and delivery.
"John Lenthall", the third ship of the "Henry J. Kaiser" class, was laid down at Avondale Shipyard, Inc., at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 15 July 1985 and launched on 9 August 1986. After entering non-commissioned U.S. Navy service with a primarily civilian crew on 25 July 1987.
Service history.
1987-1996.
"John Lenthall" served in the United States Atlantic Fleet under MSC control until taken out of active service on 11 November 1996 and placed in reserve.
1998-Present.
"John Lenthall" was reactivated on 7 December 1998, and is in active service in the Atlantic Fleet.
On 17 April 2004, a merchant ship lost steering control while departing Valletta, Malta, and collided with another ship before striking "John Lenthall" broadside while she was pierside undergoing maintenance. No one aboard "John Lenthall" suffered injuries, and she sustained only limited damage to outside structures and equipment.
On 23 September 2008 "John Lenthall" was shadowed by suspected pirates. They fled after she fired several warning shots in their vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="19749150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749150" title="Askaripur">
Askaripur

The village of Askaripur () is located in Bijnor District in Uttar Pradesh, India between Noorpur and Moradabad. It is approximately 45 km from Bijnor. It is connected to these two cities by roadways. The nearest airport is at New Delhi about 150 km from Askaripur.
History.
"Askaripur", named by Mugal Emperor Huamauu's brother Askari, when Sher Shah Suri was behind him, Askari took night stay in this village.
"Shri Rikhi Singh", a native of Askaripur, sacrificed his life in 1942 during quit India movement. In the memory of this freedom fighter, the name of road which connect Askaripur to Bijnor -Moradabad state highway is called Shaheed Rikhi Singh Marg.
Another landmark is the gate which stands at the point where the road meets the highway.
The village also has concrete roads with in the village.
The village has 100% literacy rateNo citations. It also has the distinction of being a "Nirmal Gram".
The present government has also sanctioned the construction of a water tank for the water supply within the village.
Nowadays this village is famous for most successful students and progress, this village looks like a town, all Road are made by CC, road are wide and systematically, Nowadays a group of people plays an important role in the progress of this village, they also made entry door of this village, which looks a model of building creation.
Personalities.
One of the most famous personalities of Askaripur is Ashok K. Chauhan (born 1942 at Askaripur). Dr Ashok K Chauhan set up the Amity International School in New Delhi in 1991, managed by Dr Ashok K Chauhan's non-profit Ritnand Balved Education Foundation. In 1995, the Amity group expanded into higher education and within a few years has grown to serve more than 40,000 full-time students across 22 campuses, offering more than 130 courses at graduate and postgraduate level.
Geography.
Askaripur is located at . Askaripur lies in the plains of Ganges and hence the land is highly fertile. Soil found is mostly Alluvial.
Askaripur lies in the jurisdiction of Noorpur block, division Chandpur.
Demographics.
As of 2001 India census, Askaripur had a population of 4175. Males constitute 53.5% of the population and females 46.5%. Number of households were 664.
Education.
Askaripur has a private Inter College.
Askaripur has many private schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19749163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749163" title="Pizzo di Campedell">
Pizzo di Campedell

Pizzo di Campedell is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies on the range south of Torent Alto between the valley of the Ticino and the Val Calanca.

</doc>
<doc id="19749177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749177" title="Xeromunda durieui">
Xeromunda durieui

Xeromunda durieui is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies. 
This snail is native to south Italy, North Africa and possibly to Cyprus.
This species of snail makes and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19749179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749179" title="Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (Die Flippers)">
Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt (Die Flippers)

Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt ("Only Those Who Know Longing") is the fifteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. 
The album was a huge success, achieving gold in Germany within a year. It contained the massive single "Die rote Sonne von Barbados" which made it to number one in the ZDF-Hitparade, and the title track and "Heut Nacht hab' ich dich verloren" also received heavy airplay on Schlager radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19749188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749188" title="Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt">
Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt

Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt ("Only he who knows what yearning is") is a poem by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. The poem appeared in Goethe's novel "Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship". It is one of the songs of Mignon, a character in the novel. 
The poem has been set to music by many composers, among them Ludwig van Beethoven, Franz Schubert, Robert Schumann, Hugo Wolf and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky (via its translation into Russian by Lev Mei). Tchaikovsky's setting is often known in English as "None but the Lonely Heart" and has been set in many vocal, choral, and instrumental arrangements.
Goethe's German original:
An accurate English translation: 

</doc>
<doc id="19749193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749193" title="Hola Chicuelos">
Hola Chicuelos

Hola Chicuelos is the third album of Plastilina Mosh, an Avanzada Regia band from Monterrey, Mexico, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19749201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749201" title="Ingrid Schjelderup">
Ingrid Schjelderup

Ingrid Schjelderup (born 11 May 1932) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Rogaland during the terms 1977–1981 and 1981–1985.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19749204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749204" title="Piz de Molinera">
Piz de Molinera

Piz de Molinera is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It overlooks the junction of the Ticino and the Moesa, north of Arbedo (Ticino).

</doc>
<doc id="19749209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749209" title="Homer Aubrey Tomlinson">
Homer Aubrey Tomlinson

Homer Aubrey Tomlinson (October 25, 1892 - December 5, 1968), was a Bishop who planned to crown himself King of the World or "King of All Nations of Men" in Jerusalem on October 7, 1966. He founded the Theocratic Party and had been its candidate for U.S. President since 1952. His Church of God was headquartered in Queen's Village, New York until his death when it relocated to Huntsville, Alabama. 
Biography.
He was born on October 25, 1892 to Ambrose Jessup Tomlinson.
In 1962 at the University of British Columbia he declared himself "King of UBC" and "King of the World". 
He died on December 5, 1968 at the Manhattan Veterans Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19749249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749249" title="Cima della Bianca">
Cima della Bianca

The Cima della Bianca is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps and located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It is in Switzerland and lies east of the Scopi.

</doc>
<doc id="19749251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749251" title="John Lenthall">
John Lenthall

John Lenthall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749280" title="Lenthall">
Lenthall

Lenthall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749294" title="Fibbia">
Fibbia

The Fibbia is a mountain in the Swiss Lepontine Alps; the Fibbia overlooks the Gotthard Pass, in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749296" title="Hal Hale">
Hal Hale

Hal Hale was an American basketball player and coach.
Hale played high school basketball at Jordan High School in Sandy, Utah from 1960 to 1962 and won a state championship there.
Hale played college basketball at Utah State University where he played for coach LaDell Anderson. 
After college Hale played professional basketball for the Houston Mavericks of the American Basketball Association before the ABA-NBA merger. Hale's professional basketball career was cut short when he was drafted into the United States Army and sent to serve in the Vietnam War as a combat medic, winning the Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. 
After his Army service Hale returned to Jordan High School and became its head basketball coach, winning a state championship in 1984, as well as two division championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19749306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749306" title="A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night">
A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night

A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night is the second studio album from Swedish indie-pop group Love Is All.

</doc>
<doc id="19749314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749314" title="Xeromunda">
Xeromunda

Xeromunda is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the harry snails and their allies. 
Species of snails in this genus make and use love darts as part of their mating behavior.
Species.
Species within the genus "Xeromunda" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19749325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749325" title="Pizzo Taneda">
Pizzo Taneda

Pizzo Taneda is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking the Lago Ritom in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Piora and Cadlimo and on the main Alpine watershed between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749341" title="Spinister">
Spinister

Spinister is a fictional character from the various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Spinister is described as an eerie aerial adventurer. Talks little, reveals less.
His Nebulan partners are Singe and Hairsplitter. Single is a playboy who was in love with Zarak's daughter, joining the Decepticons to get close to her. Hairsplitter is an efficiency expert who was told the Decepticons would welcome someone who would keep an eye for slackers in their ranks.
Marvel Comics.
Spinister appeared as one of Thunderwing's Decepticons during the "Matrix Quest" in issue #63-66. He wasn't referred as a Targetmaster.
He last appeared in issue #74, "The Void".
Animated series.
Although the animated series ended in the U.S. before Spinister was released, he appeared in animated form along with the Double Targetmasters in commercials for the toys.
While an animated Transformers series continued in Japan at the time, the Double Targetmasters were not released in Japan, and therefore didn't make it to television there.
Books.
Spinister was among the Decepticons featured in the 1988 book and audio adventure "Autobot Hostage" by Ladybird books.
Dreamwave Productions.
Spinister and his partners did receive a full page biography in Dreamwave's "More Than Meets The Eye" series.
IDW Publishing.
In "" Spinister appeared in a flashback among the Decepticon forces led by Razorclaw who attacked the Autobots on Cybertron just after Blaster was attacked.
Spinister first appeared in "" #4. He was among the Decepticon forces sent against Thunderwing when the Wreckers were unable to stop him.
He later appeared "Megatron: Origin" #2.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Spinster was released as part of the "" toy line.

</doc>
<doc id="19749346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749346" title="Oberstaufen Cup">
Oberstaufen Cup

The Oberstaufen Cup is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour. It is held annually in Oberstaufen, Germany, since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19749350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749350" title="Green Bottom Wildlife Management Area">
Green Bottom Wildlife Management Area

Green Bottom Wildlife Management Area is located on former plantation lands of U.S. Congressman and Confederate General Albert G. Jenkins. The in Cabell County and Mason County are located along the banks of the Ohio River about north of Huntington, West Virginia. The Green Bottom WMA land is a mixture of farmland, mixed hardwood forest, wetlands, and open water. The Jenkins Plantation Museum is located on Corps of Engineers land adjacent to the WMA. The museum is located in the original 1835 Green Bottom Plantation House, and is operated by the West Virginia Division of Culture and History.
Hunting and fishing.
Fishing opportunities abound at Green Bottom from in the wetlands, along the banks of the Ohio River, and from boats using the local boat ramp. Popular game fish in the Ohio River include smallmouth bass, sauger, channel catfish, hybrid striped bass, carp, crappie, and freshwater drum. The state record bowfin fish was caught at Green Bottom.
Available hunting can include deer, rabbit, mourning dove, squirrel, and waterfowl. Deer hunting is permitted only with muzzle loading rifles or archery bows. Camping is not permitted in the WMA.
Wildlife watching.
Green Bottom WMA is also a popular location for watching wildlife. Over 100 species of birds are regularly seen each year along the river bottom. More than 30 mammals, as well as several amphibians and reptiles, are available for viewing. Structures such as nesting boxes and man-made islands have been built to improve the habitats for species ranging from the Jefferson Salamander to the Gray Fox. The Green Bottom Nature Trail and boardwalk provides easier access to the wetlands and forest lands of the WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="19749370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749370" title="Sunflat Games">
Sunflat Games

Sunflat Games is a video game company based in Japan. While they design games for the PC, they are best known for their successful line of iOS games. The company has begun converting their games for use on the Android-based T-Mobile G1. The games can be found in the Android Market, and some have recently been added to the Mac App Store and Windows Phone 7 Marketplace.
Games.
PapiJump.
PapiJump was Sunflat's first game released for the iPhone OS platform. Using the built-in accelerometer, the player directs Mr. Papi, a bouncing red ball with a smiley-face, up an infinite sequence of platforms. The left side of the playing field is connected with the right side (wraparound). If Mr. Papi misses a platform and falls, the game is over. The game is endless, so nobody has ever won and nobody ever will. The basic/free version has three level types/modes - Normal, Fall and Enemy. At first, only Normal mode is available, but once a certain high score is reached, Fall mode is unlocked. In fall mode, when Mr. Papi jumps on a platform, it falls down, so he can not jump on it again. Also, in that mode some platforms are colored red, and make him jump higher than standard platforms. The third and final mode, Enemy, is unlocked by reaching a certain score in one of the first two modes. In the Enemy mode, there are enemies who appear from the top part of the screen, and can be shot at by Mr. Papi (by touching the screen). The shots Mr. Papi has are limited, but can be increased by eating hamburgers. If an enemy touches Mr. Papi, he is flicked away and may fall, causing a loss of the game
The top 100 high scores of the week as well as of the last 100 games are tracked online.
While PapiJump is available for free download, a newer PapiJump Plus was later released for a cost of 99 cents USD. This deluxe version featured new level types, background colors, and the much requested feature of local high score tracking.
PapiRiver.
Using the built-in accelerometer, the player directs Mr. Papi down a stream, avoiding the jagged walls. The high scores of the week as well as of the last 100 games are tracked online. Available for free download.
PapiPole.
Using the touch screen, the player balances Mr. Papi on a pole, avoiding falling objects. Falling hamburgers give the player a bonus of 50 points. The high scores of the week as well as of the last 100 games are tracked online. Also available for free download.
PapiJump Cave.
You must go into the Cave of Hamburgers because Mr. Papi is hungry. You must also avoid spiky balls and jump on Green Stone Men. It is a game with 25 levels and is similar to Super Mario Bros.. The price is 99¢, and it is available on the iTunes iOS App Store.
PapiMissile.
Using the touch screen, the player controls three stations which he/she must defend from falling missiles. Each station houses a Mr. Papi which can be launched at the missiles to destroy them. Gold missiles take two hits to destroy, and players can earn more points by hitting multiple points with one Mr. Papi. Occasionally the opportunity to reclaim a station occurs when they fly across the screen. If they are hit by a Mr. Papi, one of the stations is restored. The high scores of the week as well as of the last 100 games are tracked online. Also available for free download, but there is a "plus" version available that has many more levels. PapiMissle Plus is $0.99.
PapiJump Land.
This is one of Sunflat's longer games, with 30 levels in all. In this game, Mr. Papi jumps throughout a course with a varying amount of hamburgers scattered around the course, that you must jump on to advance to the next level. Mr. Papi never stops jumping, but to control what direction he jumps in you must use the accelerometer. Tilt your device forward to make him jump forward and faster and tilt your device backward to make Mr. Papi jump slower and backward.
ActionPotato.
In this game, a player must collect flying potatoes by clicking on one of three pots to make them jump. if you accidentally eat a blue potato, that pot goes away and must be revived with a heart. Available for free on Apple's app store.
PapiWall.
In this game, Mr. Papi rolls down a hill and you must tap the screen to make Mr. Papi jump over or through walls placed randomly throughout the course Mr. Papi is rolling down. If you hit a wall, the game ends.
PapiBalloon.
The player is to touch the screen to fire balls at Mr. Papi who is blown up like a balloon. Mr. Papi will move when struck with the balls. The goal is to collect all of the hamburgers in each level. There are 30 levels.
SFCave.
This game is exactly like SFCave by Sunflat for the computer. It is a one-key 2D sidescroller.
A plus version, 3D SFCave, is also available for the iPhone/iPod touch for $0.99 USD.
PapiBatting.
Tap the batter for swing. You should hit a ball timely to get more score.
When a ball comes over the batter, tap the area above the batter for JUMP SWING.
If you miss a ball, you get an OUT. When you record three outs, the game is over.
PapiStep.
You control Mr.Papi (red ball guy) to go up higher. 
Click/tap anywhere to jump.
Platforms are moving left or right automatically, and you should jump timely to land on the next platform.
- The left side of the screen is connected with the right side.
- If he falls down, the game is over.
- Platforms are big in the beginning. Their width decreases when you jump up higher.
PapiOrange.
Oranges attack Mr. Papi by shooting orange balls. Mr. Papi must avoid and shoot them.
ActionSwing.
A stickman must time his jump to land on a safe platform. Fall 3 times and the game is over.
PapiDefense.
Missiles are attacking the Papi Tower. Shoot Mr. Papi to destroy the missiles. Each time a missile hits the Papi Tower, a barrier is lost. Shoot a heart to get another barrier.
PapiDrive.
Mr. Papi drives in a car (using the accelerometer) to get more hamburgers. Each one is worth 100 points. He must also avoid the jagged sides of the road to avoid being pushed down, or else he gets a Game Over.
PapiRubber.
Mr. Papi is being attacked by blue spiky aliens and must fend them off using a spiky ball dangling from an elastic band. He has three lives and he loses a life every time an alien comes into contact with Mr. Papi.
PapiSurvival.
Mr. Papi is trapped in a green maze of blocks, and must try to survive for as long as possible! Life is displayed on a red bar on the top of the screen, and when it is empty it is Game Over, but you can stop this from happening by eating the burgers placed at random locations in the maze. As you play, the game gets harder as more green blocks spawn in random places, cutting Mr. Papi off from his burgers. Luckily you can tap the 'bomb' button in the lower right corner of the screen to blow up the nearest blocks surrounding Mr. Papi.
PapiBlocks.
Blocks are falling from the sky! Use the control pad to navigate Mr. Papi and destroy the falling blocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19749372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749372" title="1873 in India">
1873 in India

Events in the year 1873 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19749375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749375" title="Schenadüi">
Schenadüi

The Schenadüi is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Piora and Cadlimo and on the main Alpine watershed between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749389" title="Human Target (Vertigo)">
Human Target (Vertigo)

Human Target is an espionage-related comic series written by Peter Milligan and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics. The series was based on the Human Target character created in 1972 by Len Wein and Carmine Infantino. The original Vertigo miniseries yielded an original graphic novel and later, an ongoing series.
Publication history.
Mini-series.
Christopher Chance, alias the Human Target, was a back-up feature created for Superman's title "Action Comics" comics in the 1970s. In 1999, writer Peter Milligan and artist Edvin Biuković revived the character for the Vertigo imprint with a four-issue limited series. "Human Target" #1-4 saw Chance assaulted by an assassin, the end product of which was the loss of his face. While dealing with painful and lengthy reconstructive surgery, Chance uses his assistant, Tom McFadden, to impersonate him and draw out the assassin while protecting a Los Angeles reverend, which leaves all involved tormented both physically and mentally.
Final Cut.
With the success of the limited series, Milligan returned to Christopher Chance in 2003 with the publication of an original graphic novel, "Human Target: Final Cut", for which Milligan was joined by artist Javier Pulido. Chance, still reeling mentally from the aftermath of the previous limited series, works with a Hollywood family to save their missing celebrity son. Ultimately Chance fails in his mission, but adopts the guise of the boy's father, going so far as to have permanent reconstructive surgery to take on this, his final role. By doing so, Chance finds something he's never had before, a quiet life with a woman who loves him.
Ongoing series.
Chance returned in an ongoing series later in 2003, also published under the Vertigo imprint. The series was again written by Peter Milligan, and illustrated by Javier Pulido and Cliff Chiang.
With his deceptions following "Final Cut" discovered, Chance leaves behind Los Angeles to move to New York City, taking on a variety of jobs that test him physically and mentally, as he explores the psychological cost of becoming someone else. The series, which lasted 21 issues, closed with the three-part arc, "The Stealer," which features the return of Tom McFadden, who has decided only one identity will keep him sane -- that of Christopher Chance. The only problem is that the real Chance is in the way.
Collected editions.
Several trade paperbacks of the series were released:

</doc>
<doc id="19749401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749401" title="Jerry Pettway">
Jerry Pettway

Jerry Pettway is a former American basketball player.
Pettway was born in Detroit, Michigan on February 13, 1944. He played college basketball at Northwood Institute from 1963-1967. He is Northwood's all-time leading scorer and rebounder and is a member of that school's Hall of Fame.
Pettway was drafted in the 16th round of the 1967 NBA Draft by the Cincinnati Royals but played professional basketball for the other team that drafted him, the Houston Mavericks of the American Basketball Association prior to the ABA-NBA merger.

</doc>
<doc id="19749413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749413" title="Pizzo dell'Uomo">
Pizzo dell'Uomo

Pizzo dell'Uomo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located between Lai da Sontga Maria and Pizzo del Sole, in the canton of Ticino. The border with the canton of Graubünden runs on the northern foot of the mountain, although it lies on the main Alpine watershed, between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749414" title="Gualberto Ruaño">
Gualberto Ruaño

Gualberto Ruaño is a pioneer in the field of personalized medicine and the inventor of molecular diagnostic systems used worldwide for the management of viral diseases. Ruaño is President and Founder of Genomas, a genetics-related company and now the bio-tech anchor of Hartford Hospital’s Genetic Research Center; he also serves as Director of genetics research at the Center.
Early years.
Ruaño, who was born and raised in the city of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, came to the United States to study medicine. He attended Johns Hopkins University where he obtained his baccalaureate degree, and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Ruaño also attended Yale University and his thesis was "A PCR-Based Paradigm for the Analysis of DNA Sequence Variation.
Genomas, Inc..
Ruaño founded Genomas in 2003. Ruaño had previously founded Genaissance Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 1997 as the pioneer company in pharmacogenomics. He served as Genaissance's CEO and Chief Scientific Officer. As CEO he led the IPO of the company in 2000 (NASDAQ: GNSC), which successfully raised $90 million, and to R&D partnerships with major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies furthering the field with visibility. As CSO, he developed fundamental technology for genetic associations based on gene haplotypes. Prior to that, at Bios Laboratories since 1992, he invented the Coupled Amplification and Sequencing (CAS) System (U.S. patent 5,427,911) for the rapid determination of sequence variation and now used for infectious disease pharmacogenomics. Marketed worldwide by Bayer Diagnostics as Trugene, this technology was the first pharmacogenomic diagnostic system approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and is a leading example of personalized medicine in practice.
Research.
Ruaño's clinical research interests revolve around physiogenomics and nanotechnology. His public policy activities center on the implementation of genomics in personalized medicine from both regulatory and reimbursement perspectives. He was elected to the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering in April 2004, noted for his contributions to personalized medicine at the national level, and serves as the Chairman of the Academy's Health Care and Medical Technology Board. He is senior editor of the journal of Personalized Medicine. Ruaño serves on advisory committees of the American Association of Clinical Chemistry and of the National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry instituting guidelines for pharmacogenetic testing in the clinical laboratory. He was elected as a Fellow of the National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry and received the Beacon Alliance Medical Technology Award in 2005. He is also a founding Director of the Personalized Medicine Coalition in Washington, D.C. Over the last five years he has served in various steering committees working with the FDA on pharmacogenomic guidelines for drug development and is a member at the Manhattan Institute’s 21st Century FDA Task Force. The Food & Drug Administration approached Genomas about doing the first pharmacogenomics conference on Hispanics in May 2010 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Memberships.
Ruaño is a trustee of the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art and Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts in Hartford, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="19749456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749456" title="Pizzo di Campello">
Pizzo di Campello

Pizzo di Campello is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Faido in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the main Leventina valley and the valley of Blenio.

</doc>
<doc id="19749466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749466" title="Your Love (Raymond Lam album)">
Your Love (Raymond Lam album)

Your Love is Raymond Lam's second album, released on 10 September 2008. It contains ten tracks. The second version was released two weeks later on 24 September with three extra music videos. Lam achieved platinum level on 10 October 2008 in Hong Kong by surpassing 90,000 copies in sales.

</doc>
<doc id="19749468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749468" title="88 Lines About 44 Women">
88 Lines About 44 Women

88 Lines About 44 Women is the name of a hit single by the new wave band The Nails. Originally recorded for their EP "Hotel for Women", the song was re-recorded and released to critical and commercial acclaim on the band's 1984 album "Mood Swing". Along with the track, "Let It All Hang Out", "88 Lines About 44 Women" peaked at number forty-six on the US dance chart in March 1985.
Both "88 Lines About 44 Women" and its B-side, "Reel World (Beat Boys and B-Girls)", were digitally remastered and appear on the extended "Hotel for Women" CD that was released in November 2009.
Parody.
In 1997, parody musician The great Luke Ski recorded a parody entitled "88 Lines About 44 Simpsons," a song about The Simpsons, each line about a different Simpsons character.
In 1999, David Nielsen of The Brunching Shuttlecocks recorded a parody entitled "88 Lines About 42 Presidents" about the Presidents of the United States through Bill Clinton.

</doc>
<doc id="19749481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749481" title="Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railway">
Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railway

The Detroit, Grand Haven and Milwaukee Railway is a defunct railroad which operated in the US state of Michigan during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Itself the product of several consolidations in the 1870s, it became part of the Grand Trunk Western Railroad in 1928.
The DGH&M was formed from the ruin of Detroit and Milwaukee Railroad, a successor road to the Detroit and Pontiac Railroad, one of the first roads organized in the state of Michigan. The Great Western Railway, a Canadian company, had taken financial control of the D&M in 1860 after it defaulted on debt payments. The D&M entered receivership in 1875; in 1878 Great Western purchased it outright and refinanced the debts. The reorganized company bore the name Detroit, Grand Haven & Milwaukee Railway.
The new company possessed a line stretching from Detroit in the southeast to Grand Haven on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan. By 1882 the road came under the ownership of the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada when GTR acquired the Great Western. 

</doc>
<doc id="19749495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749495" title="Poncione Pro do Rodùc">
Poncione Pro do Rodùc

The Poncione Pro do Rodùc is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking the lake of Ritom in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749500" title="Sexual Offences Act 1956">
Sexual Offences Act 1956

The Sexual Offences Act 1956 (4 & 5 Eliz.2 c.69) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that consolidated the English criminal law relating to sexual offences between 1957 and 2004. It was mostly repealed (from 1 May 2004) by the Sexual Offences Act 2003 which replaced it, but sections 33 to 37 still survive. The 2003 Act also added a new section 33A. These sections create offences to deal with brothels.
Although the rest of the Act has been repealed, the repealed sections still apply to sex crimes committed before the repeal.
The Act today.
Sections 33, 34, 35 and 36 create summary offences. Section 33A creates an aggravated version of the offence in section 33, and is an indictable offence. Section 37 prescribes the penalties.
Sections 33 and 33A.
Section 33 reads:
Section 33A reads:
The difference between these offences arises because the definition of a brothel in English law does not require that the premises are used for the purposes of prostitution, since a brothel exists wherever more than one person offers sexual contact, whether for payment or not.
"Prostitution" is defined by section 51(2) of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 as follows:
"Payment" is defined by section 51(3):
Penalties.
Section 37 gives effect to Schedule 2 to the Act, which sets out the penalties for the above offences. For sections 33, 34, 35 and 36 the penalty is imprisonment for three months for a first offence, or six months "for an offence committed after a previous conviction" for any of those offences.
The maximum sentence for the offence under section 33A is six months in the magistrates' court, or seven years in the Crown Court.
Succeeding Sexual Offences Acts.
and create further offences relating to prostitution: 
The Act as originally enacted.
Comparative table.
Section 2 replaced section 3(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 3 replaced section 3(2) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 and section 36 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1951
Section 4 replaced section 3(3) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 5 replaced section 4 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 6(1) replaced section 5(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 6(2) replaced section 1 of the Age of Marriage Act 1929
Section 6(3) replaced section 2 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1922
Section 7 replaced section 5(2) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 8 replaced section 56(1)(a) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913
Section 9 replaced section 56(1)(b) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913
Section 10(1) replaced section 1(1) to (3) of the Punishment of Incest Act 1908
Section 10(2) replaced section 3 of the Punishment of Incest Act 1908
Section 11(1) replaced section 2 of the Punishment of Incest Act 1908
Section 11(2) replaced section 3 of the Punishment of Incest Act 1908
As a whole section 17 replaced sections 53 and 54 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861. Section 17(1) replaced section 54 of that Act.
Section 18 replaced section 53 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861
Section 19 replaced section 7 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 20 replaced section 55 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861
Section 21 replaced section 56(1)(e) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913
Section 22(1)(a) replaced section 2(2) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 22(1)(b) replaced section 2(3) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 and section 2 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912
Section 22(1)(c) replaced section 2(4) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885, section 2 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912 and section 1(b) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1951
Section 22(2) replaced the proviso to section 2 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 23(1) replaced section 2(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 and section 1(a) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1951
Section 23(2) replaced the proviso to section 2 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 24 replaced section 8 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 25 replaced section 6(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 26 replaced section 6(2) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 27 replaced section 56(1)(d) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913
Section 28(1) replaced section 2(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933
Section 28(2) replaced section 2(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933
Sections 28(3) and (4) replaced section 17 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933
Section 28(5) replaced section 99(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933
Section 29 replaced section 56(1)(c) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913
Section 30(1) replaced section 1(1)(a) of the Vagrancy Act 1898 and sections 7(2) and (5) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912
Section 30(2) replaced section 1(3) of the Vagrancy Act 1898 and section 7(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912
Section 31 replaced section 7(4) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912
Section 32 replaced section 1(1)(b) of the Vagrancy Act 1898 and sections 7(2) and (5) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912
Section 33 replaced section 13(1) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 34 replaced section 13(3) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Section 35(1) and 36 replaced section 13(2) of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885
Sections 38 replaced section 1(4) of the Punishment of Incest Act 1908
Section 40 replaced section 1 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1912 
Section 49(a) replaced section 2 of Criminal Law Amendment Act 1922
Section 49(b) replaced section 3 of Criminal Law Amendment Act 1922
Section 1.
This section created the felony, and later offence, of rape.
Section 1(1) replaced section 48 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Section 1(2) replaced the final paragraph of section 4 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885.
Section 12.
This section created the felony, and later offence, of buggery.
Section 12(1) replaced section 61 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Section 12(2) replaced section 15 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 12(3) replaced section 99(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 13.
This section created the offence of gross indecency between men.
Section 13 replaced section 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885.
Section 14.
This section created the offence of indecent assault on a woman.
Section 14(1) replaced section 52 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Section 14(2) replaced section 1 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1922.
Section 14(3) replaced section 1 of the Age of Marriage Act 1929.
Section 14(4) replaced section 56(3) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913.
Section 15.
This section created the offence of indecent assault on a man.
Section 15(1) replaced section 62 of Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Section 15(2) replaced section 1 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1922.
Section 15(3) replaced section 56(3) of the Mental Deficiency Act 1913.
Section 15(4) replaced section 15 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 15(5) replaced section 99(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 16.
This section created the offence of assault with intent to commit buggery.
Section 16(1) replaced section 62 of Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Section 16(2) replaced section 15 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 16(3) replaced section 99(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933.
Section 44.
See Sexual intercourse in English law.
Section 44 replaced section 63 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="19749513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749513" title="Wilbert Frazier">
Wilbert Frazier

Wilbert Frazier is a former American basketball player.
Frazier played college basketball at Grambling State University.
Frazier was drafted by the San Francisco Warriors with the first pick of the second round of the 1965 NBA Draft. He was the 12th overall draft pick. 
Frazier opted instead to play professional basketball in the American Basketball Association prior to the ABA-NBA merger. Frazier first played for the Houston Mavericks, then for the New York Nets.

</doc>
<doc id="19749525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749525" title="Cidomo">
Cidomo

A Cidomo is a small horse-drawn carriage used in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Lombok and the Gili Islands of Indonesia.
Etymology.
The name Cidomo is derived from the Sasak word "cika" or "cikar" (a traditional handcart), "dokar" (Balinese for pony cart) and "mobil" for the wheels used to move it. It is also known as "benhur" after similarities to the Roman carts in the film "Ben-Hur".
Description.
The carriage is usually brightly colored and often has many tassels and bells and pneumatic tyres. The carriage usually seats up to four people, two people in the front and two in the back. In the Gili Islands is one of the most common forms of transport as motor vehicles are not allowed.
Problems.
One problem of the cidomo is that they are very slow and are partly responsible for creating traffic congestion in the towns. Dung from the horses is also posing an environmental problem in the towns and cidomo drivers have been urged by the Indonesian government to clean up after themselves or face suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="19749540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749540" title="Tartu Offensive">
Tartu Offensive

The Tartu Offensive Operation (), also known as the Battle of Tartu () and the Battle of Emajõgi (, ) was a campaign fought over southeastern Estonia in 1944. It took place on the Eastern Front during World War II between the Soviet 3rd Baltic Front and parts of the German Army Group North.
The Soviet tactical aim was to defeat the 18th Army and to capture the city of Tartu. The strategic goal was a quick occupation of Estonia. The Soviet command planned to reach the coast of the Gulf of Riga and trap the Army Detachment "Narwa". The German side involved Estonian conscripts, which fought to defend their country against the looming Soviet annexation. The 3rd Baltic Front captured Tartu. The conquest caused the destruction of the Estonian National Museum and 40 million rubles worth of damage to the University of Tartu. "Kampfgruppe" "Wagner" stabilised the front at the Emajõgi River. The XXVIII Army Corps supported by Omakaitse militia stalled the front at the Väike Emajõgi and Gauja Rivers, preventing the 3rd Baltic Front from cutting off the "Narwa".
Background.
Attacks of the Leningrad Front had pushed the Army Group North to the west of Lake Peipus resulting in a series of operations around Narva. The German Command considered it important to maintain control over the southern shore of the Gulf of Finland, which eased the situation in Finland and kept the Soviet Baltic Fleet in its eastern bay. From a military economy viewpoint, the preservation of the oil shale reserves and oil shale industry in Ida-Viru was also important. In the south, Soviet forces advanced towards the Baltic seacoast at the end of their Operation Bagration of June–August 1944 against the German Army Group Centre.
Comparison of forces.
At the beginning of the Soviet Tartu Operation, the ratio of Soviet to German strength was 4.3:1 for troops, 14.8:1 for artillery and 4.1:1 for armour. The German forces were mostly battle groups from various formations and smaller units from different branches. A significant proportion of the German side was constituted of Omakaitse militia battalions with poor weaponry and little fighting ability.
Combat activities.
The main thrust of the Soviet operation was first aimed at the southern Petseri County. On 10 August, the Soviet 67th Army broke through the defence of the XXVIII Army Corps and captured the town of Võru on 13 August. The XXVIII Army Corps were forced to the banks of the Väike Emajõgi and Gauja Rivers in the west where they were supported by the Viljandi County Omakaitse militia battalion. While the defence prevented the 3rd Baltic Front from cutting off the retreat of the Army Detachment "Narwa" from Estonia, there was open ground towards the city of Tartu, the capital of Southeast Estonia. Army Group North created a "Kampfgruppe" (an ad-hoc combat formation), led by SS-Brigadeführer Jürgen Wagner and manned by the army detachment, for the defence of the new line. The Soviet tank units forced a wedge between the "Kampfgruppe" and the XXVIIIth Army Corps; Wagner had insufficient troops ahead of the city. On 16 August, Lieutenant General Alexey Grechkin's group launched an amphibious assault over Lake Peipus behind the German left (east) flank, beating the Omakaitse defence and forming a bridgehead in the village of Mehikoorma. In fierce battles, a local border guard regiment stopped their advance.
The 3rd Baltic Front launched an artillery barrage at the positions of the 2nd Battalion, 45 Waffen SS Grenadier Regiment (1st Estonian) covering the German right flank in the village of Nõo southeast of Tartu on 23 August. The Soviet 282nd Rifle Division backed by the 16th Single Tank Brigade and two self-propelled artillery regiments bypassed the defence on the west side and captured the Kärevere Bridge across the Emajõgi River west of Tartu. Being one of only four bridges across the 100 kilometres long marshy floodplains of the river, it was of high strategic importance. After sappers failed to destroy the bridge, Sturmbannführer Leon Degrelle improvised a defence line of the 5th SS Volunteer Sturmbrigade Wallonien, avoiding a Soviet breakthrough to Tartu. As a result, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.
A heavy German tank assault had been planned to attack behind the western flank of the Soviet lines in Elva on 24 August. On the night before the attack, the designated commander of the operation Brigadeführer Hyazinth von Strachwitz had a serious car accident. The Soviet tank squadrons repulsed the German attack on the following day. Four Soviet rifle divisions launched an attack at Tartu with the support of armour and artillery. After fierce street battles, the Soviet forces conquered the city and established a bridgehead on the north bank of the Emajõgi on 25 August. Due to "Wagner"'s inability to hold back the Soviet offensive, the headquarters of the Army Group North turned over command of the Emajõgi Front to the II Army Corps, commanded by Infantry General Wilhelm Hasse. At the end of August, the III. Battalion, 1st Estonian Regiment was formed from the 1st Battalion of the Finnish Infantry Regiment 200, recently returned to Estonia. As their largest operation, supported by Estonian Police Battalions No. 37, 38 and Mauritz Freiherr von Strachwitz's tank squadron, they destroyed the bridgehead of two Soviet divisions and recaptured Kärevere Bridge by 30 August. The operation shifted the entire front back to the southern bank of the Emajõgi and encouraged the II Army Corps to launch an operation attempting to recapture Tartu. The attack of 4–6 September reached the northern outskirts of the city but was repulsed by units of four Soviet rifle divisions. Relative calm settled on the front for the subsequent thirteen days.
Losses.
The property of the University of Tartu suffered heavy losses in the campaign, accounting for 40 million rubles of damage (equalling to the purchasing power of 90 million U.S. dollars in 2008). The university lost fifteen buildings permanently. The damage done to the roofs, interiors, doors, windows, heating systems, study cabinets and laboratories was three times the damage to the ruined buildings. The Museum of Zoology lost all of its wet preparations. The interiors of the laboratories of chemistry, physics, pathology and dairy, and a large amount of instruments for the observatories of astronomy and geophysics were destroyed by shrapnel or looted. Bombing destroyed Raadi Manor the main building of the Estonian National Museum.
Aftermath.
Baltic Offensive.
The 2nd Shock Army crossed Lake Peipus in 5–11 September and acquired command over the Emajõgi front. In the Riga Offensive Operation on 14–16 September, the 3rd Baltic Front attacked the German XXVIII Army Corps and the Omakaitse militia battalions in the front segment from the Valga railway junction to Lake Võrtsjärv. In fierce battles, the German and Estonian units held their positions.
The Soviet Tallinn Offensive of the 2nd Shock and 8th Armies commenced on the early morning of 17 September. The 2nd Shock Army forced its way through the II Army Corps divisional headquarters and artillery positions along the Emajõgi. The Army Detachment "Narwa" and the XXVIII Army Corps, the northernmost elements of Army Group North, were at risk of being encircled and destroyed. The headquarters of the Army Group North ordered the II Army Corps to abandon the defence of the Emajõgi line and to move quickly around the northern tip of Lake Võrtsjärv to Latvia.
The code name for the withdrawal of the Army Detachment "Narwa" from mainland Estonia was Operation "Aster". Beginning on 17 September 1944, a naval force under Vice-Admiral Theodor Burchardi evacuated elements of the Army Detachment and Estonian civilians. Within six days, around 50,000 troops, 20,000 civilians and 1,000 prisoners were evacuated. The remaining elements of the Army Detachment were ordered to withdraw into Latvia by way of Pärnu and Viljandi. The III SS (Germanic) Panzer Corps reached Pärnu by September 20, while the II Army Corps retreated south of Viljandi to form the 18th Army's rearguard. As they retreated, the Soviet 2nd Shock and 8th Armies advanced and took Tallinn on September 22.
Soviet reoccupation.
Soviet rule of Estonia was re-established by force, and sovietisation followed, which was mostly carried out in 1944–1950. The forced collectivisation of agriculture began in 1947, and was completed after the mass deportation of Estonians in March 1949. All private farms were confiscated, and farmers were made to join the collective farms. An armed resistance movement of 'forest brothers' was active until the mass deportations. A total of 30,000 participated or supported the movement; 2,000 were killed. The Soviet authorities fighting the forest brothers suffered also hundreds of deaths. Among those killed on both sides were innocent civilians. Besides the armed resistance of the forest brothers, a number of underground nationalist schoolchildren groups were active. Most of their members were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment. The punitive actions decreased rapidly after Joseph Stalin's death in 1953; from 1956–58, a large part of the deportees and political prisoners were allowed to return to Estonia. Political arrests and numerous other crimes against humanity were committed all through the occupation period until the late 1980s. After all, the attempt to integrate Estonian society into the Soviet system failed. Although the armed resistance was defeated, the population remained anti-Soviet. This helped the Estonians to organise a new resistance movement in the late 1980s, regain their independence in 1991, and then rapidly develop a modern society.

</doc>
<doc id="19749544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749544" title="Pizzo di Cadrèigh">
Pizzo di Cadrèigh

Pizzo di Cadrèigh (2,516 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located west of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of the Scopi, between the Val di Campo and the Valle Santa Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="19749549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749549" title="Liviu">
Liviu

Liviu is a Romanian given name deriving from Latin "Livius". Liviu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749550" title="Greatest Day (Take That song)">
Greatest Day (Take That song)

"Greatest Day" is the lead single taken from British pop group Take That's fifth studio album, "The Circus".
Song information.
"Greatest Day" was written by Take That themselves and was produced by John Shanks. The song was written and recorded at Sarm West Studios in Notting Hill and was mixed in Los Angeles at the Jim Henson Studios. Take That performed the song at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008 on 6 November 2008, the first pan-European live performance by the band, preceding the single's release on 24 November 2008. The band also performed the song live at Children in Need 2008 on the BBC on 14 November 2008, before donating £250,000 to the charity. The song moves in 104 BPM and has a key signature of D flat major. Gary Barlow revealed on an episode of "The Xtra Factor" in 2011 that it took him 3–4 hours to write this song.
Brit Awards 2009.
Take That performed 'Greatest Day' at the 2009 Brit Awards. They performed the song live whilst upon a UFO stage prop but as the prop descended into the audience they were claimed to have lip synced. It was revealed after in Take That/Take Two that the technical people said they couldn't sing live as they were on the UFO stage prop. This was because of where they were positioned, which was right in front of the speakers, and if they had then the mics would have fed back.
Chart performance.
'Greatest Day' debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart upon its release, and became the band's 11th number-one single. It stayed at the top spot for one week before being succeeded by Leona Lewis. In Ireland, the single peaked at number two.
Music video.
The video for "Greatest Day" was filmed on location in Los Angeles on top of a 60 storey building in the downtown area. It was directed by Meiert Avis, who previously shot videos for U2, Damien Rice, Bruce Springsteen and Bob Dylan. The band shot the video while visiting producer John Shanks in the city who was mixing the album. The video premiered on AOL on 22 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19749554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749554" title="USNS Andrew J. Higgins (T-AO-190)">
USNS Andrew J. Higgins (T-AO-190)

USNS "Andrew J. Higgins" (T-AO-190) was a of the United States Navy which saw active service from 1987 to 1996. Sold to Chile in 2009, she was commissioned as Almirante Montt in the Chilean Navy in 2010.
Construction and delivery.
"Andrew J. Higgins", the fourth ship of the "Henry J. Kaiser" class, was laid down at Avondale Shipyard, Inc., at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 21 November 1985 and launched on 17 January 1987. She entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service under Military Sealift Command control with a primarily civilian crew on 22 October 1987. She was named for Andrew Higgins, the man credited with developing the LCVP or "Higgins Boat" landing craft of World War II.
United States Navy service.
Inactivation.
"Andrew J. Higgins" was taken out of active service on 6 May 1996 and placed in reserve in the National Defense Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay at Benicia, California, where she remained until September 2009. She was the first ship of her class to be taken out of service.
Transfer to Chile.
In 2008, "Andrew J. Higgins" was selected for transfer to Chile as a Foreign Assistance Act grant. She was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 6 January 2009 and sold to Chile on 19 May 2009. She was withdrawn from the Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay on 24 September 2009 and towed to the Atlantic Marine Alabama shipyard at Mobile, Alabama, to undergo a three-month refit and overhaul.
Chilean Navy service.
Renamed "Almirante Montt", the oiler was commissioned in the Chilean Navy on 10 February 2010, replacing the oiler "Araucano" (AO-53).

</doc>
<doc id="19749569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749569" title="Trimble Knob">
Trimble Knob

Trimble Knob, located southwest of Monterey in Highland County, Virginia, is a conical hill composed of basalt, a volcanic rock, of Eocene (early Tertiary) age. It is the eroded remnant of what was an active volcano or diatreme that last erupted approximately 35 million years ago, making it one of the youngest volcanos on the east coast of North America.
Description.
Trimble Knob is an isolated, conical hill in an otherwise relatively flat valley, surrounded by farmland. Route 220 lies along the southeast flank of the hill. Trimble Knob is the most obvious of many igneous intrusions in the area.
The central part of the hill is composed of basalt (which in map view has a diameter of approximately 150 m). The basalt intrudes through the gently dipping Devonian Needmore Formation (fossiliferous shale and calcareous mudstone), and is near the axis of a syncline in the center of the valley.
Age.
The basalt at Trimble Knob (and other igneous dikes in the area) was originally thought to be of Paleozoic age by relative age dating using cross-cutting relationships. In 1993, Southworth and others give a date of 35.0 ± 0.5 Ma for basalt of Trimble Knob, placing it in the Eocene. The basalt intrudes the Devonian Millboro Shale.
Mole Hill, located in Rockingham County, is geologically similar to Trimble Knob and thought to be contemporaneous with it, along with other intrusive igneous rocks near Ugly Mountain in Pendleton County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19749594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749594" title="Pizzo Marumo">
Pizzo Marumo

Pizzo Marumo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking the Greina Pass in Switzerland. It is located in the canton of Ticino, near the border with the canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19749606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749606" title="Andrew Higgins (disambiguation)">
Andrew Higgins (disambiguation)

Andrew Higgins (Andrew Jackson Higgins) (1886–1952) was an American shipbuilder.
Andrew or Andy Higgins may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749608" title="Liberty–White Railroad">
Liberty–White Railroad

The Liberty–White Railroad was chartered on December 22, 1902, and acquired the 36" narrow gauge logging railroad of the J. J. White Lumber Co. running southwest from McComb, Mississippi. A branch of this logging railroad was converted to standard gauge and extended to the Amite County seat of Liberty and opened July 20, 1904. 
A standard gauge branch was also built eastward from the J. J. White mill in South McComb to New Holmesville in 1907 and extended to Tylertown in 1912. J. J. White was notable for being one of the first Mississippi lumbermen to operate a private logging railroad in 1879. 
The Liberty–White Railroad began experiencing financial difficulties after the J. J. White Lumber Co. mill in South McComb closed in 1912 and was moved to Columbia, Mississippi. The 36" gauge line running southwest to Keiths was immediately abandoned, and the branch to Tylertown was abandoned December 1918. 
The remaining standard gauge line from South McComb to Liberty was finally abandoned per Interstate Commerce Commission order September 23, 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19749625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749625" title="Ferdinand Schjelderup">
Ferdinand Schjelderup

Ferdinand Schjelderup (1886 – 1955) was a Norwegian mountaineer, Supreme Court Justice and resistance member during the German occupation of Norway.
Personal life.
He was born in Kristiania as the son of Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup and Inga Berven. He was the brother of Gunnar Schjelderup, and through his aunt Berte, Ferdinand was a nephew of Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne.
In 1914 he married Marie Leigh Vogt, daughter of Paul Benjamin Vogt and his wife Andrea Heyerdahl and granddaughter of Niels Petersen Vogt. They had three children, the most famous being their son Thorleif Schjelderup, born 1920, who became a well-known ski jumper, with an Olympic bronze medal from 1948. He married American singer Anne Brown. Their two daughters were Liv and Daisy, educated respectively as medical doctor and architect. Daisy Schelderup also worked as a translator and was active in the anti-nuclear movement.
Jurist and resistance member.
He worked as a Supreme Court lawyer from 1916, and a Supreme Court Justice from 1928 to 1952, except for the period between December 1940 and May 1945, during the German occupation of Norway.
The new Nazi authorities found him to be the most objectionable among the Supreme Court Justices, as Schjelderup at one occasion had insulted a picture of Vidkun Quisling. As the Supreme Court Justices collectively laid down their posts in December 1940, Schjelderup emerged as one of the most prominent members of the Norwegian civil resistance. According to historians, this was "completely unexpected". With his influence over Paal Berg, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court before 1940, Schjelderup recruited Berg to the inner circle "Kretsen" in 1941, which had direct contact with the Norwegian government-in-exile in London. He was also in contact with the Norwegian legation in Stockholm, through secretary Jens Boyesen. Schjelderup was later the messenger between "Kretsen" and the so-called "Coordination Committee" in the Norwegian resistance. In addition, he attended meetings in the secret military organisation Milorg. In 1943 he personally wrote the letter "Partisanbrevet", addressed from "Kretsen" to the Norwegian government-in-exile. In it, "Kretsen" advocated weaponless resistance, fearing that Milorg might compromise the entire resistance movement if they were to conduct a broader military uprising. This fear of possible failure was partially caused by the harsh Nazi crackdowns at Majavatn and Telavåg. However, the letter helped clear mutual misunderstandings about command lines in "Kretsen" and Milorg, which in turn spurred the cooperation between the two organisations, initiated in 1943 and known as Hjemmefrontens Ledelse. Approaching the winter of 1944, Schjelderup was no longer safe in Norway. He fled to Sweden.
After the end of the War, he published three books called "Fra Norges kamp for retten. 1940 i Høyesterett" (1945), "På bred front 1941–42" (1947) and "Over bakkekammen 1943–44" (1949). These are viewed as valuable contributions to Norwegian occupational history.
Mountaineer.
Ferdinand Schjelderup was among the founders of the mountaineering society Norsk Tindeklub in 1908. He served as its chairman from 1915 to 1916. Norway is a mountainous country, and during this time tourism and expeditions were becoming more widespread.
Ferdinand Schjelderup was among the first ascenders of several mountains. In the summer of 1910 he and his companions conducted first ascendancies of several mountains of Nordland county: Stedtinden, Svolværgjeita, Store Rørhopstinden, Navern, Klokketind and Festhæltind, as chronicled in an article in the book "Norsk Fjeldsport 1914".

</doc>
<doc id="19749631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749631" title="Guy Manning (basketball)">
Guy Manning (basketball)

Guy Manning (born 1944) was an American basketball player. He was born in Oakwood, Texas.
Manning played college basketball at Prairie View A&M University from 1962 through 1966. He was elected to membership in the Prairie View A&M University Sports Hall of Fame in 2005.
Manning was drafted by the Baltimore Bullets in the 10th round of the 1966 NBA Draft. He played professional basketball in the American Basketball Association, prior to the ABA-NBA merger, with the Houston Mavericks.

</doc>
<doc id="19749632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749632" title="Drag harrow">
Drag harrow

A drag harrow, a type of spring-tooth harrow, is a largely outdated type of soil cultivation implement that is used to smooth the ground as well as loosen it after it has been plowed and packed. It uses many flexible iron teeth usually arranged into three rows. It has no hydraulic functionality and has to be raised/adjusted with one or multiple manual levers. It is a largely outdated piece of farm equipment, having been replaced by more modern disc harrows and deeper, stiff-toothed rippers. 
Uses.
A drag harrow is used to loosen and even out soil after it has been plowed and packed. It pulls up large rocks which may then be picked up manually and put in the tractor's stone box to remove from the field. The drag harrow also kills some weeds that may be present, but it is not very efficient in doing so due to its highly flexible teeth, hence it is not one of its primary functions.
In modern times.
The drag harrow is not often used in modern farming as other harrows have proven to be more suitable, such as the disc harrow. Another reason they are not often used is because they cannot be controlled hydraulically, meaning that the operator is required to dismount from the tractor to adjust it or unclog it. However it is used as a drag behind several other implements such as a rod weeder. Due to their low cost and simplicity, drag harrows are still used widely by small farmers.
See also.
Drag harrows can be a name used for several different types of equipment. A spike tooth harrow or flex harrow is often called a drag harrow and is in use extensively throughout the US for seedbed preparation and for grooming grassland pastures. See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19749633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749633" title="Sosto">
Sosto

The Sosto (2,220.6 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of the lake of Luzzone and west of the Torrone di Nav.

</doc>
<doc id="19749657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749657" title="Lauren Lucas">
Lauren Lucas

Lauren Lucas (born in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American country music artist. In her career, she has been signed to a development deal at the age of sixteen by RCA Records and a recording contract in 2003 with Warner Bros. Records. A single was released in 2005, but no album. She later went on to record an independent EP titled, "If I Was Your Girl."
Biography.
Lucas was born in Columbia, South Carolina. In her hometown, she worked in community theater, casting in her first production at age three. She later took guitar and piano lessons in pursuit of a country career, and first sang on the Grand Ole Opry at age eleven. By the time she was a teenager, she had formed a band called Farther South, which played at several local venues. She also recorded a demo tape, which helped her to land a songwriting contract with Sony ATV/Tree Publishing, a development deal with RCA Records, and a record contract with Warner Bros. Records.
Lucas also contributed to the Broadway adaptation of the film "Urban Cowboy", and one of her cuts for the play was nominated for a Tony award. She was signed to a development deal on RCA Records, but it did not escalate into a full recording contract because Lucas decided to take a roll in an off-Broadway theater production instead called, "Take This Show and Shove It." Lucas later moved to Nashville and attended Belmont University's school of music, and eventually befriended session guitarist and producer Biff Watson, who then helped her sign to Warner Bros. Records in 2003. She was signed to the label for two years, releasing two singles in 2005 ("What You Ain't Gonna Get" and "The Carolina Kind"), but her debut album, "The Carolina Kind", was never released. She later released an independent EP in 2007 called, "If I Was Your Girl."

</doc>
<doc id="19749660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749660" title="Rhenium chloride">
Rhenium chloride

Rhenium chloride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749662" title="1998 All-Pro Team">
1998 All-Pro Team

The 1998 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1998. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1998 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19749664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749664" title="Pizzo Erra">
Pizzo Erra

Pizzo Erra is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is located south of the pass of Basso di Nara, on the subrange that separates the main valley of Leventina from the valley of Blenio. At 2,416 metres above sea level, its summit can be accessed with trails from both western and eastern side.

</doc>
<doc id="19749674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749674" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Snohomish County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Snohomish County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Snohomish County, Washington
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19749694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749694" title="Cima di Piancabella">
Cima di Piancabella

Cima di Piancabella is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Malvaglia in the canton of Ticino. It is located south of the Cima di Gana Bianca.

</doc>
<doc id="19749697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749697" title="List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 1)">
List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 1)

The following is a list of episodes 1–27 of the anime series "Rurouni Kenshin". Directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi and produced by Aniplex and Fuji TV, the series premiered in Japan on Fuji TV on January 10, 1996, and ran through October 16, 1996. These episodes are based on the first six volumes of the manga series of the same name by Nobuhiro Watsuki. Situated during the early Meiji period in Japan, the story tells of a fictional assassin named Kenshin Himura, who becomes a wanderer to protect the people of Japan.
The series was licensed for broadcast and home video release in North America by Media Blasters, who split it up into "seasons". They refer to their English dub of the first 27 episodes as season one. These were aired on Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block from March 17, 2003, through April 22, 2003. Media Blasters released this season within six DVDs of the anime, each containing four episodes, from July 25, 2000, to May 1, 2001. A DVD compilation of season 1 was released on November 15, 2005.
These first 27 episodes use three pieces of theme music, one opening and two endings. The opening theme is "Sobakasu" by Judy and Mary. "Tactics" by The Yellow Monkey is used as the ending theme for the first twelve episodes. At episode thirteen, the song changes to "Namida wa Shitte iru" by Mayo Suzukaze, who also provides the voice for the titular character Kenshin Himura.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
The titles on top are those from the "Media Blasters" version. The titles on the bottom are of the "Samurai X" Sony episodes posted on Crackle.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19749717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749717" title="Jeep problem">
Jeep problem

The jeep problem, desert crossing problem or exploration problem is a mathematics problem in which a jeep must maximise the distance it can travel into a desert with a given quantity of fuel. The jeep can only carry a fixed and limited amount of fuel, but it can leave fuel and collect fuel at fuel dumps anywhere in the desert.
The problem was solved by N. J. Fine in 1947.
Problem.
There are "n" units of fuel stored at a fixed base. The jeep can carry at most 1 unit of fuel at any time, and can travel 1 unit of distance on 1 unit of fuel (the jeep's fuel consumption is assumed to be constant). At any point in a trip the jeep may leave any amount of fuel that it is carrying at a fuel dump, or may collect any amount of fuel that was left at a fuel dump on a previous trip, as long as its fuel load never exceeds 1 unit. There are two variants of the problem:
In either case the objective is to maximise the distance travelled by the jeep on its final trip. Alternatively, the objective may be to find the least amount of fuel required to produce a final trip of a given distance.
In the classic problem the fuel in the jeep and at fuel dumps is treated as a continuous quantity. More complex variations on the problem have been proposed in which the fuel can only be left or collected in discrete amounts.
Solution.
A strategy that maximises the distance travelled on the final trip for the "exploring the desert" variant is as follows:
When the jeep starts its final trip, there are "n" − 1 fuel dumps. The farthest contains 1/2 of a unit of fuel, the next farthest contain 1/3 of a unit of fuel, and so on, and the nearest fuel dump has just 1/"n" units of fuel left. Together with 1 unit of fuel with which it starts from base, this means that the jeep can travel a total round trip distance of
units on its final trip (the maximum distance travelled into the desert is half of this). It collects half of the remaining fuel at each dump on the way out, which fills its tank. After leaving the farthest fuel dump it travels 1/2 a unit further into the desert and then returns to the farthest fuel dump. It collects the remaining fuel from each fuel dump on the way back, which is just enough to reach the next fuel dump or, in the final step, to return to base.
The distance travelled on the last trip is the "n"th harmonic number, "H""n". As the harmonic numbers are unbounded, it is possible to exceed any given distance on the final trip, as along as sufficient fuel is available at the base. However, the amount of fuel required and the number of fuel dumps both increase exponentially with the distance to be travelled.
The "crossing the desert" variant can be solved with a similar strategy, except that there is now no requirement to collect fuel on the way back on the final trip. So on trip "k" the jeep establishes a new "k"th fuel dump at a distance of 1/(2"n" − 2"k" + 1) units from the previous fuel dump and leaves (2"n" − 2"k" − 1)/(2"n" − 2"k" + 1) units of fuel there. On each of the next "n" − "k" − 1 trips it collects 1/(2"n" − 2"k" + 1) units of fuel from the "k"th dump on its way out and another 1/(2"n" − 2"k" + 1) units of fuel on its way back.
Now when the jeep starts its final trip, there are "n" − 1 fuel dumps. The farthest contains 1/3 of a unit of fuel, the next farthest contain 1/5 of a unit of fuel, and so on, and the nearest fuel dump has just 1/(2"n" − 1) units of fuel left. Together with 1 unit of fuel with which it starts from base, this means that the jeep can travel a total distance of
units on its final trip. It collects all of the remaining fuel at each dump on the way out, which fills its tank. After leaving the farthest fuel dump it travels a further distance of 1 unit.
Note that
so it is possible in theory to cross a desert of any size given enough fuel at the base. As before, the amount of fuel required and the number of fuel dumps both increase exponentially with the distance to be travelled.
Practical applications.
The problem can have a practical application in wartime situations, especially with respect to fuel efficiency. In the context of the bombing of Japan in World War II by B-29s, Robert McNamara says in the film "The Fog of War" that understanding the fuel efficiency issue caused by having to transport the fuel to forward bases was the main reason why the strategy of launching bombing raids from mainland China was abandoned in favor of the island hopping strategy:

</doc>
<doc id="19749724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749724" title="Pizzo Muncréch">
Pizzo Muncréch

Pizzo Muncréch is a mountain in the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Malvaglia in the canton of Ticino. It is located west of Piz di Strega, between the valleys of Combra and Pontirone.

</doc>
<doc id="19749727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749727" title="Karmen Mar">
Karmen Mar

Karmen Mar (born 14 July 1987 in Maribor) is a Slovenian chess player, Woman International Master.
Results:
Karmen Mar played for the Slovenian Olympic team in 35th Chess Olympiad in Bled.
Her current FIDE rating is 2271 (November 2010) and is ranked as the 4th Slovenian female chess player.

</doc>
<doc id="19749773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749773" title="Ingrid Bachér">
Ingrid Bachér

Ingrid Bachér (pen name for Ingrid Erben * 24 September 1930 as Ingrid Schwarze in Rostock) is a German writer, a former member of the Gruppe 47 and former president of the PEN Germany.
Biography.
Ingrid Bachér is a great-granddaughter of Theodor Storm. During her childhood she lived in Berlin, before moving to Lübeck during the last years of Second World War at her grandparent's house. After having studied at the College of Music and Theatre, she started working as a journalist from 1949 on.
During the 1950s she travelled to Finland, Central and South America and started writing travelogues and other prose. From 1958 onwards, she had been one of the few female members of the Gruppe 47, the most important German writer's group.
From 1960 until 1967 she lived in Rome, firstly as a scholar of the Villa Massimo and then as a journalist. She then went to live in München, Krefeld and finally moved to Düsseldorf. She has been married to the Artist Ulrich Erben since 1966 and is a mother of three children.
She has also been a member of the Union of German Authors since 1971. From 1982 until 1996 she had been a member of the German P.E.N Centre, whose president she was shortly from 1995 until 1996, when she resigned from the presidency following the debate over the union of the West and East German P.E.N centres.
Ingrid Bachér has been writing books for young people, travelogues, novels as well as radio and TV plays for the public broadcasting institutions such as the ZDF or the SWF.

</doc>
<doc id="19749775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749775" title="Pizzo Magn">
Pizzo Magn

Pizzo Magn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking Biasca in the canton of Ticino. It is located west of the Mottone di Cava.

</doc>
<doc id="19749778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749778" title="RAF Barton Bendish">
RAF Barton Bendish

RAF Barton Bendish was an airfield for the Royal Air Force located on the far side of the Downham Market to Swaffham road from its parent station, RAF Marham. It was built because at the outbreak of the Second World War it was considered important for bomber stations to have a satellite airfield. The only aircraft known to have operated out of Barton Bendish were Vickers Wellington bombers from Marham. It was abandoned in 1941, as it was considered too close to the parent station to be developed further. 

</doc>
<doc id="19749788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749788" title="Oceanic (novella)">
Oceanic (novella)

"Oceanic" is a science fiction novella published in 1998 by Greg Egan. It won the 1999 Hugo Award for Best Novella.
Publication history.
"Oceanic" was first published in the August 1998 edition of "Asimov's Science Fiction" by Dell Magazines. In 1999 and 2007 it was republished by ' and ' respectively by editor Gardner Dozois. In 2008 it was published in Greg Egan's collection "Dark Integers and Other Stories" and in 2009 it was again published in a collection by Egan, entitled "Oceanic".
Reception.
In 1999 "Oceanic" won the Hugo Award for Best Novella, Locus Award best novella, and the Asimov's Reader Poll for best novella. It also won two foreign short story awards; the 2000 Hayakawa's SF Magazine Reader's Award and the 2001 Seiun Award. "Oceanic" was also a finalist in the 1998 Aurealis Award for best science fiction short story, a long list nominee for the 1999 James Tiptree Jr Memorial Award and a short-list nominee for the 1999 HOMer Award for best novella.
Plot summary.
The story follows Martin, a Freelander living on the oceans of Covenant. As a boy he has a religious experience that shapes his life for years to come. As he grows into manhood his experiences and studies begin to conflict with his deep rooted faith. Eventually he joins a small circle of scholars studying the effects of one of Covenant’s most abundant microbes as his views of life change dramatically.

</doc>
<doc id="19749791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749791" title="South Ugie Water">
South Ugie Water

The South Ugie Water is a tributary of the Ugie Water in northeastern Aberdeenshire, Scotland. To the south of the Ugie Water are a number of prehistoric monuments, evidencing the habitation of early man in the northeast of Scotland; for example, the Catto Long Barrow and a number of tumuli are situated in this locale.

</doc>
<doc id="19749797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749797" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Chelan County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chelan County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Chelan County, Washington
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19749798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749798" title="Joe Shear">
Joe Shear

Joe Shear (May 8, 1943 – March 9, 1998) was an American stock car racing driver from Clinton, Wisconsin. He won an estimated 350 races in his career, including four of his last five races. Fred Nielsen, Shear's car owner from 1975 to 1984 and 1986 to 1994, said that his team won 250 races and he estimates that Shear won 600 races. He won at least 30 track or touring series championships in his career. Even though he was known as a pavement driver, two of those championships were on the dirt at Freeport, Illinois. 
Racing career.
Shear began racing karts as a youth. While he was still under age, he would sneak in the pits to work on his father Al Shear's racecar at Rockford Speedway. His father won the track's championship in 1951, 1962, and 1965. Joe Shear was named the track's Outstanding Mechanic for 1962. 
Joe Shear began racing at Rockford in 1964 and he won the track's Rookie of the Year award. He had his first win at the track on his birthday May 8, 1965. In 1972, Shear was awarded his sixth straight Rockford track championship. That year he won the first of his eight National Short Track Championship events at the track.
Shear finished second behind Dick Trickle with 58 ARTGO wins and he won the championship of the Midwestern touring series in 1986 and 1989. In 1979, 1987, and 1989 he won the Red, White, and Blue State championship races at Wisconsin International Raceway. During the Daytona Speedweeks, he won the World Series of Asphalt Stock Car Racing at New Smyrna Speedway in 1988 and 1988, and in 1990 he won the Volusia County Speedway championship. The four-time winner at the Slinger Nationals at Slinger Super Speedway (1987, 1990, 1991, 1993) also won the 1994 Wisconsin Short Track Series title in 1994.
Shear won six ARTGO events in 1996 plus five out of six special events at Wisconsin International Raceway. He could feel cancer returning in May 1996, but he decided to continue racing. On February 1997 he had surgery to remove his lymph nodes and muscles on his neck. He was unable to prepare his car for the upcoming season and he received five weeks of radiation.
With his health failing, he won four of the last five races in his career. His final victory was winning the 1997 National Short Track Championship race at Rockford. He was recorded laps 0.2 seconds faster than the rest of the cars at his final event at the Oktoberfest race at La Crosse Fairgrounds Speedway until his motor blew up. He had won the event five times, mainly later in his career.
Personality.
Shear was known for being very quiet. His wife Connie said, "There were times, especially early in his career, when he would not talk to a soul. He would go to the track, unload the car, set a track record, win the feature, and leave."
Death.
Shear found out that he had cancer three years before he died. He went to the doctor in November 1997 and found out that cancer had returned. He died on March 9th 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19749799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749799" title="Masnàn">
Masnàn

The Masnàn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located east of Biasca and Osogna in the canton of Ticino.

</doc>
<doc id="19749801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749801" title="Marco Lanna">
Marco Lanna

Marco Lanna (born 13 July 1968) is an Italian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a defender.
Career.
Born in Genoa, Lanna played at club level for Sampdoria, Roma, Salamanca and Real Zaragoza, as well earning two caps for Italy, including in one FIFA World Cup qualifier.

</doc>
<doc id="19749805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749805" title="Masnan">
Masnan

Masnan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19749836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749836" title="Pascack Brook County Park">
Pascack Brook County Park

Pascack Brook County Park, 137 acre (55.4 hectare) county park, is located on Emerson Road in Westwood, New Jersey, about a mile (1.6 km) east of Westwood (NJT station) and half a mile upstream from the mouth of Pascack Brook. From intersection of Old Hook Road and Emerson Road, travel north on Emerson Road - entrance is on the left (west side of Emerson Road).
Facilities.
Pascack Brook County Park has two picnic areas, one baseball field, one softball field, playground, basketball court, tennis courts, a bike path, and fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19749858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749858" title="Kyrgyzstan Emergency Situations Ministry">
Kyrgyzstan Emergency Situations Ministry

The Kyrgyzstan Emergency Situations Ministry is a special ministry in Kyrgyzstan dedicated to the response of natural disasters such as earthquakes or landslides or serious accidents.
The spokesman in 2008 for the ministry was Abdusamat Payazov.
On October 6, 2008 the ministry was called upon to take action after the 2008 Kyrgyzstan earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="19749873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749873" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19749904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749904" title="Glen Lake Sanatorium">
Glen Lake Sanatorium

Glen Lake Sanatorium, a tuberculosis treatment center serving Hennepin County in Minnesota, opened on January 4, 1916, with a capacity of 50 patients. In 1909, the Minnesota State Legislature had passed a bill authorizing the appointment of county sanatorium boards and appropriating money for the construction of county sanatoriums. Glen Lake Sanatorium was the fifth of fourteen county sanatoria that opened in Minnesota between 1912 and 1918. The sanatorium had its own post office, and the mailing address was Glen Lake Sanatorium, Oak Terrace, Minnesota, until the surrounding area was incorporated into the City of Minnetonka.
Timeline.
1916: The Glen Lake Sanatorium originally consisted of three stuccoed buildings: A cottage for patients (later known as the East Cottage), an administrative building, and a heating plant/laundry. 
1917: A fourth building (known as West Cottage) doubled the capacity. 
1921: A eight-floor brick administration building opened and the patient census increased to almost 300. 
1922: A detached four-story Children's Building could house up to sixty children—many of whom had been exposed to tuberculosis in their home and had parents undergoing treatment in the main buildings. The building was financed by the Citizens' Aid Society in memory of Lenora Hall Christian. 
1924: A building boom greatly expanded the sanatorium campus. An addition housing a bakery and new kitchen linked the 1916 and 1921 administration buildings. A seven-floor East Wing was added and the sanatorium could serve 490 patients. Two residence buildings were constructed. A nurses' residence built north of the main campus also housed other female staff. A power plant and a residence for male employees were built across the road from the campus to the south (present-day Eden Paririe).
1925: The West Wing opened. The capacity was increased to 600. The Christian family funded the Glen Lake Children's Camp on Birch Island Lake, a short distance south of the main sanatorium. It is now on the National Register of Historic Places.
1934: An addition to the East Wing added surgical suites, occupational and therapy rooms, and classrooms. This building was the second to be financed by the Citizens' Aid 
Society. Former offices in the other buildings were converted to patient rooms and the final capacity of Glen Lake Sanatorium was 680 patients.
1936: The peak of the tuberculosis epidemic in Hennepin County occurred. The Glen Lake Sanatorium's population exceeded 700, with patients in hallways on gurneys and porches enclosed and transformed into wards. In 1936, the average stay by a patient at Glen Lake was 538 days.
1961: Chemotherapy had all but eliminated the need for extended stays in a sanatorium. Hennepin County leased the Glen Lake Sanatorium campus to the State of Minnesota. The state's Department of Public Welfare converted the sanatorium to a psycho-geriatric nursing home to serve aging residents of its state hospital system.
1990: The state closed the nursing home when the Department of Human Services (formerly DPW) moved to a decentralized system of care. 
1993: The entire campus, excepting the children's camp which is located in Eden Prairie, was razed. The Glen Lake Golf and Practice Center operated by Three Rivers Park District now occupies the site.
Treatment.
The Glen Lake Sanatorium was constructed on the Trudeau Sanatorium model, established at the Adirondack Cottage Sanitarium in Saranac Lake, New York by Dr. Edward Livingston Trudeau. The fresh-air-and-bed-rest treatment of tuberculous patients often meant open windows, even during Minnesota winters. Sun therapy, called heliotherapy, was the other essential element of early treatment at Glen Lake. The 1921 Administration building and East and West Wings featured "deck houses" or uncovered porches running the entire length of the buildings' top floors. Patients would lie in beds entirely exposed to the sun's rays, wearing minimal clothing. Patients' rooms on other floors had floor-to-ceiling triple-hung windows that would slide up and allow beds to be wheeled onto small porches. 
In 1922, Glen Lake Sanatorium doctors first adopted and performed a surgical procedure known as artificial pneumothorax, which collapsed the lung affected by pulmonary tuberculosis. Collapse inhibited the proliferation of tubercle bacilli and stimulated the formation of scar tissue that controlled the disease. Another method, called extrapleural thoracoplasty, involved removal of portions of several ribs to collapse the chest wall. Phrenic nerve interruption was introduced to Glen Lake in 1924. This paralysis of the diaphragm reduced movement of the affected lung.
The collapse era was followed by chemotherapy. Streptomycin, a World War II development, was readily available by 1949. Isoniazid came into use in 1952 and, together with streptomycin, shortened patient stays from years to months.
Related books and movies.
Minnesota author Frederick Manfred was a patient at Glen Lake Sanatorium from 1940 to 1942. While there he met his future wife and fellow patient, Maryanna Shorba. Manfred later fictionalized his stay in the book "Boy Almighty", published under his given name of Feike Feikema.
Dr. Harry Wilmer, coincidentally a roommate of Frederick Manfred at Glen Lake Sanatorium, wrote "Huber the Tuber" which was published by the National Tuberculosis Association in 1942. It was used in educational campaigns against tuberculosis.
The opening black and white sequence of "Untamed Heart" was filmed at Glen Lake Sanatorium shortly before it was demolished. In the movie, it represented the Catholic orphanage in which Christian Slater's character grew up. The bedside scene was filmed in the Children's Building and the other scene took place in the main first-floor hallway of the Administration Building. At the time of filming, the working title was "Baboon Heart."
The video documentary "From Beginning to End: Glen Lake Sanatorium and Oak Terrace Nursing Home" was produced in 1990 as a tribute to the 75th anniversary of the opening of the Sanatorium. The video, produced at Paragon Cable Studios by Steve Perkins, Mary Krugerud, and Colleen Spadaccini, is available for viewing at the Hennepin History Museum.
"A Girl at a Tuberculosis Sanatorium" recounts the story of Theresa Ledermann, who was 13 years old when she entered Glen Lake Sanatorium for what turned out to be a four-year stay. 
"San Memories", a collection of photographs and oral histories, was published in celebration of the 75th anniversary of the opening of Glen Lake Sanatorium. 
"The Christian Family's Fight Against Tuberculosis" details the many efforts of George Christian and his family to use their personal wealth to improve the care and treatment of people with TB. 

</doc>
<doc id="19749909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749909" title="Charles Kenneth Leith">
Charles Kenneth Leith

Charles Kenneth Leith (January 20, 1875 - September 13, 1956) was an American geologist. He was head of the University of Wisconsin–Madison geology department for thirty years. In 1942, he won the Penrose Medal, the highest award given in the geosciences.
Biography.
Leith was born in Trempealeau, Wisconsin. He was hired by Charles R. Van Hise as a stenographer in 1892 to work on his publications, and was so taken by the work that he completed a bachelor's degree in geology at the University of Wisconsin in 1897 and a Ph.D. in 1901. In 1903, when Van Hise became president of the University of Wisconsin, he hired Leith as head of the geology department at the age of 28. Leith was chair until 1934 (31 years), and remained with the department until he retired in 1945. He also lectured on structural and metamorphic geology at the University of Chicago beginning in 1905.
His early research focused on the geology of the Lake Superior region, including the ore deposits of the Mesabi range. He served as a consultant for the location and valuation of ore deposits for several mining companies and served as mineral adviser to the U.S. Shipping Board and the War Industries Board during World War I. He organized studies of world mineral supplies in the 1920s and served on many government agencies, including the Atomic Energy Commission, through the 1950s.
Leith also won the Penrose Gold Medal of the Society of Economic Geologists in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19749917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749917" title="List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 2)">
List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 2)

The following is a list of episodes 28–62 of the anime series "Rurouni Kenshin". Directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi and produced by Aniplex and Fuji TV, these episodes ran in Japan on Fuji TV from October 30, 1996, through to September 17, 1997. These 35 episodes are based on volumes 7-18 of the manga series of the same name by Nobuhiro Watsuki, and depicts the fight of the former assassin named Kenshin Himura, against his successor Makoto Shishio, who aims to conquer Japan.
The series was licensed for broadcast and home video release in North America by Media Blasters, who split it up into "seasons". They refer to their English dub of episodes 28–62 as season two. They were aired on Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block from April 23, 2003, through October 18, 2003. Media Blasters released this season within DVDs seven to fourteen of the anime from May 1, 2001, to November 13, 2001. A DVD compilation of all these episodes was released on January 17, 2006.
Five pieces of theme music are used during these episodes. The opening theme "Sobakasu" by Judy and Mary, continues to be used through episode 38. At episode 39 the opening changes to "1/2" by Makoto Kawamoto. Episode 28 begins using "Heart of Sword - Yoake Mae" by Takanori Nishikawa, under the name of T.M. Revolution, as the ending theme. As with the opening theme, the ending changes at episode 39 to "The Fourth Avenue Cafe" by L'Arc-en-Ciel. The theme changes back to "Heart of Sword - Yoake Mae" at episode 43, due to backlash from L'Arc-en-Ciel's drummer being arrested for heroin possession, then at episode 50 it changes again, this time to "It's Gonna Rain" by Bonnie Pink.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19749932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749932" title="List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 3)">
List of Rurouni Kenshin episodes (season 3)

The following is a list of episodes 63–95 of the anime series "Rurouni Kenshin", based on the manga series of the same name by Nobuhiro Watsuki. They aired in Japan, with the exception of episode 95, on Fuji TV from October 14, 1997 until the series concluded on October 15, 1998. Directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi and produced by Aniplex and Fuji TV, the anime is set during the early Meiji period in Japan and follows the story of a fictional assassin named Himura Kenshin, who becomes a wanderer to protect the people of Japan. Unlike previous episodes, these were not adapted from the manga. During that period, the Jinchu Arc was still being written and one more final episode was missing by the end of the anime fillers.
The series was licensed for broadcast and home video release in North America by Media Blasters, who split it up into "seasons". Unlike the previous episodes of the series, the English dub of second final episode was not aired in North America. Episode 95 did not air in Japan either, as it was a bonus episode for the VHS and DVD releases, it also has a different art style than the rest of the anime. Media Blasters released this season within DVDs seven to fourteen of the anime from February 26, 2002 to September 24, 2002. A DVD compilation of season 2 was released on January 17, 2006.
These episodes of the series use five pieces of theme music. The opening theme "1/2" by Makoto Kawamoto continues to be used until episode 82 when it replaced with the series' final opening theme "Kimi ni Fureru Dake de" by Curio. "It's Gonna Rain" by Bonnie Pink continues to be used as the ending theme for the first four episodes when it is replaced with "1/3 no Junjou na Kanjou" by Siam Shade. The series final ending theme, "Dame" by You Izumi, begins use at episode 82.
__TOC__
Episode listing.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19749944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749944" title="Narkidae">
Narkidae

Members of the family Narkidae are commonly known as sleeper rays. They are restricted to the temperate and tropical Indo-West Pacific from South Africa to Japan to Indonesia, and are exclusively marine and are absent from freshwater habitats. They occur from the intertidal zone to the continental shelf and the upper continental slope to a depth of 350 meters, favoring soft-bottomed habitats.
Description.
Adult sleeper rays range in size from 8 to 46 cm in length and have flattened oval, circular, or pear-shaped pectoral fin discs. They have naked skin, without dermal denticles or thorns. The snout is moderately elongate and broadly rounded, with the rostal cartilage reduced to a slender medial rod. This distinguishes the narkids from the family Narcinidae, which have somewhat longer snouts supported by broad rostral cartilages. The mouth is straight, very narrow, and not highly protrusible, with strong labial folds and a weak groove around the periphery. The nostrils are placed just forward of the mouth and are connected to it by a broad nasoral groove; the nasal flaps are long and fused into a central nasal curtain that overlaps the mouth.
There are a pair of large kidney-shaped electric organs at the base of the pectoral fins, visible through the skin. The genera "Heteronarce" and "Electrolux" have two large dorsal fins, "Narke", "Crassinarke", and "Typhlonarke" have a single dorsal fin, and "Temera" has none. No other group of electric rays have genera with a variable number of dorsal fins. The tail is moderately long, with a large, rounded, symmetrical caudal fin. The color is usually brown or reddish brown above, white or brownish below. There may be spots, blotches, or bands on the dorsal surface, but most species lack complex color patterns or ocelli.
Biology and ecology.
Sleeper rays are bottom-dwelling, slow-moving fishes often found on soft mud or sand. From those species that have been examined, their diet may be restricted to small, soft-bodied, bottom invertebrates, such as polychaete worms. They can generate a strong electric shock as a defense mechanism. Reproduction is ovoviviparous, with eggs hatching inside the mother.

</doc>
<doc id="19749949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749949" title="Honda Racing">
Honda Racing

Honda Racing can refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19749959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749959" title="Las Ruedas, New Mexico">
Las Ruedas, New Mexico

Las Ruedas was a small Hispanic village located in San Miguel County, New Mexico, on the Pecos River not far away from present-day Rowe, New Mexico on the Los Trigos Land Grant. It was originally settled in the early 19th century and survived until the 1880s when the Santa Fe Railroad passed by the area. The railroad drew most of the residents to Rowe. The 1870 census has people living in Las Ruedas, but most seem to have gone by the 1900 census. In the 1900 Federal Census many of the 1870 inhabitants of Las Ruedas can now be found in Rowe, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19749963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749963" title="Ful Berg">
Ful Berg

The Ful Berg is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located east of Chur in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the western end of the chain separating the valleys of Prättigau and Schanfigg, just east of the Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="19749974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749974" title="Panorama (Gibraltar)">
Panorama (Gibraltar)

Panorama is a daily newspaper published in Gibraltar. It was founded in December 1975 by journalist Joe Garcia who has edited it since then. It was first published as a weekly newspaper and became a daily in 2002. It was the first Gibraltar newspaper to establish an online edition, in 1997. 
From its inception, the paper has been a strong defender of the Freedom of the Press, and believes in publishing the views of all sectors of Gibraltar society.
Its editor Joe Garcia was the first Gibraltar journalist to receive an award in The Queen's Honours List for his services to journalism in Gibraltar and overseas.
He has written extensively about Gibraltar in publications abroad, such as the London Financial Times (for 25 years) and Spain's leading daily El Pais (for 10 years).

</doc>
<doc id="19749985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749985" title="A Glimpse of Hell (film)">
A Glimpse of Hell (film)

A Glimpse of Hell is a drama film originally made for TV and was initially shown on the FX TV network. It was released in the United States on March 18, 2001. It was filmed in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada and stars James Caan, Robert Sean Leonard, and Daniel Roebuck. It was directed by Mikael Salomon. The film is based on the book "A Glimpse of Hell: The Explosion on the USS Iowa and Its Cover-Up" by Charles C. Thompson II about the 1989 turret explosion incident on the and its aftermath.
Critical reception.
Buzz McClain of allmovie gave the movie 3.5 of 5 stars stating: "Taut and compelling, "A Glimpse of Hell" is a based-on-fact story that doesn't feel like it was drawn entirely from dry depositions and courtroom testimony." The movie when first shown, scored a 3.3 household rating and drew 2.7 million viewers. This was enough to make "A Glimpse of Hell" the most-watched program in FX's seven-year history, at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="19749989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19749989" title="SADH">
SADH

SADH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19750000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750000" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Lewis County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lewis County, Washington

__NOTOC__
List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Lewis County, Washington

</doc>
<doc id="19750006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750006" title="Hochwang">
Hochwang

The Hochwang is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located between the valleys of Schanfigg and Prättigau in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2,534 metres above sea level, it is the highest summit of the chain lying west of Durannapass. Several trails lead to its summit. The closest locality is Castiel.

</doc>
<doc id="19750025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750025" title="Jonathan Wheatley">
Jonathan Wheatley

Jonathan Wheatley is a British television and radio news presenter, actor and voice-over born in London.
His early career included presenting for Seattle's Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) Public television station KCTS and writing reports and narrating documentaries for Worldwide Television News. He also presented for ITV Meridian and HTV Wales regions and spent four years presenting news in Bristol for HTV West.
He also had brief spells presenting for Carlton's "London Today" and Sky News and for the last eight and a half years has presented "The World News" for the BBC World Service. He currently edits, produces and presents the world news on Monocle 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19750032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750032" title="Cunggel">
Cunggel

The Cunggel is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking St. Peter in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Schanfigg and Prättigau at a height of 2,413 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="19750033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750033" title="Teddy O'Brien">
Teddy O'Brien

Teddy O'Brien (1949–2000) was an Irish sportsperson. A noted dual player in his day, he played hurling and football with his local clubs Glen Rovers and St. Nicholas' respectively. O'Brien also played hurling and football with the Cork senior inter-county teams in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19750039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750039" title="Sizwe Motaung">
Sizwe Motaung

Sizwe Motaung (7 January 1970 – 16 August 2001) was a South African football player who played for Jomo Cosmos, Mamelodi Sundowns, St. Gallen, CD Tenerife, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates, as well at international level for the national side.
He died of an AIDS-related disease at his home in Newcastle on 16 August 2001, at the age of 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19750054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750054" title="Winagami Lake">
Winagami Lake

Winagami Lake is a large and shallow lake in northern Alberta, Canada. It is located in the Municipal District of Big Lakes and Municipal District of Smoky River areas, north-east of the junction of Highway 2 and Highway 679. It lies in the hydrographic basin of the Athabasca River.
The lake contains Lake Whitefish, Yellow Perch and Northern Pike.
The lake is controlled by means of a weir, and has a mean depth of , with a maximum depth of .
Winagami Lake Provincial Park is located on the western, southern and eastern shores of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19750059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750059" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Second Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Second District of Chiapas is located in the Altos de Chiapas region and
covers the municipalities of
Aldama, Bochil, Chalchihuitán, Chapultenango, Chenalhó, Francisco León, Huitiupán, Ixhuatán, Jitotol, Larráinzar, Ocotepec, Pantelhó, Pantepec, Pueblo Nuevo Solistahuacán, Rayón, San Andrés Duraznal, San Juan Cancuc, Santiago el Pinar, Simojovel, Sitalá, Tapalapa and Tapilula.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Bochil.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Second District was broadly located in the same region of Chiapas, but with a different composition. It covered municipalities from both the Los Altos region and the extreme north of the state:
Amatán, Chapultenango, El Bosque, Francisco León, Huitiupan, Ixhuatán, Ixtacomitán, Ixtapangajoya, Jitotol, Juárez, Ostuacán, Pantepec, Pichucalco, Pueblo Nuevo Solistahuacán, Rayón, Reforma, Simojovel, Solosuchiapa, Sunuapa, Tapilula and Tapalapa. It was at that time centred on the city of Pichucalco.

</doc>
<doc id="19750067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750067" title="Pallot">
Pallot

Pallot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19750068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750068" title="Ahron Dovid Burack">
Ahron Dovid Burack

Rabbi Ahron Dovid Burack (also known as Aaron David or Ahron David, אהרן דוד בוראק) was born in Popelan (now Papile), Lithuania, in 1892 or 1893 to Rabbi Chaim Natan Burack and Basse Gittel Gibberman. He studied at several yeshivot in Europe before immigrating to the U.S. in 1914. In 1917, the Orthodox Jewish synagogue Ohel Moshe Chevra Tehilim in New York granted him a lifetime contract to serve as rabbi of the congregation. Rabbi Burack became Rosh Yeshiva at the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary in 1919. Rabbi Burack was the author of "Pirchei Aharon" ("Flowers of Aaron"), two volumes of "homiletics and halacha". He died on October 7, 1960, during the Sukkot holiday, and was buried in Jerusalem. In 1960, a high school in Israel was named Pirchei Aharon, after a two volume work written by Burack.

</doc>
<doc id="19750076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750076" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Thurston County, Washington">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Thurston County, Washington

List of entries on the National Register of Historic Places in Thurston County, Washington
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19750083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750083" title="Glattwang">
Glattwang

The Glattwang is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Fideris in the canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19750088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750088" title="Friedrichsgymnasium Kassel">
Friedrichsgymnasium Kassel

The Friedrichsgymnasium is a Gymnasium in Kassel, Hesse, Germany. The course work is all inclusive with an emphasis on music and foreign languages.
History.
The Friedrichsgymnasium was founded in 1779 as "Lyceum Fridericianum" by Landgrave Friedrich II. It is the oldest gymnasium in Kassel.
Foreign languages.
The first foreign languages taught are Latin and English starting in 5th grade. In 9th grade French, Ancient Greek, Spanish, Hebrew,and Italian are offered.

</doc>
<doc id="19750093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750093" title="Sugar Daddies (play)">
Sugar Daddies (play)

Sugar Daddies is a 2003 play by British playwright Alan Ayckbourn. It is about a student who forms a friendship with a rich man over three times her age, who has a sinister past, and maybe a sinister present too.
Background.
Ayckbourn wrote "Sugar Daddies" in early 2003, shortly after concluding his family play "The Jollies" and shortly before starting rehearsals for Tim Firth's "The Safari Party". In some respects, it can be considered a follow-on from the "Damsels in Distress" trilogy. It again features a young female leading character in some kind of danger, and shares the theme of East End crime that frequently arose throughout the trilogy. The original productions also shared Alison Pargeter as one of the leading roles, but this had influence far beyond making "Sugar Daddies" a companion piece.
Prior to acting at the Stephen Joseph Theatre, Alison Pargeter had concentrated her career on playing children and teenagers. Indeed, her first role working with Ayckbourn was as a nine-year-old girl in his new family musical "Whenever" in 2000. The following year, she played a 16-year-old in "GamePlan", the older heroine in "FlatSpin", and, finally, an ex-lapdancer in "RolePlay" – three roles that earned her Best Newcomer in the Critics' Circle Awards. Having seen her take on the different range of ages successfully, Ayckbourn chose to write a role specifically combining all of her traits into one character. Although Ayckbourn has previously written plays with a specific set of actors in mind (the most recent example being "RolePlay", written during rehearsals for two of the "Damsels in Distress" plays), the practice of writing for a specific actor was very unusual, and this play is regarded as the closest Ayckbourn has come to creating a role for an individual.
The role chosen for Sasha, Alison Pargeter's character, concentrated heavily on the theme of self-delusion. Ayckbourn equated it to French dramatist Jean Anouilh's theme of innocence being gradually corrupted. To some extent, the same theme of deception and self-deception applies to the other four characters, particularly Val, the old man Sasha befriends, whose dark past he is unable to hide for long.
Characters.
There are five characters in the play:
Sasha is the central character. The other supporting characters make appearances throughout the play, apart from Charmaine who only appears for part of the second act.
Setting.
The entire play takes place in Sasha and Chloe's flat. Although there is no change of location in the play, between the first and second act, the entire flat is refurbished to something expensive yet hideous, with little resemblance to the original set.
The play takes place over two acts. The first act takes place over a period of about two weeks. The second act takes place several weeks after the first, and takes place over a few days.
It was performed in the round for its original production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre, and adapted for the proscenium for subsequent performances elsewhere.
Synopsis.
The play begins with Sasha helping into her flat an old man, Val, dressed as Father Christmas. He was hit by a car near a children's hospital where he was doing his good deed for the year. Sasha came from Norfolk two months ago to study catering, with the hope of running a restaurant she sings in. For now, however, she washes dishes at the Dorchester Hotel. Val, meanwhile, claims to be retired from the serious crime squad. But the paranoia he has over who ran him over, and tone of a phone call to his nephew, Frankie, suggests that he is more of a gangster.
When Chloe, Sasha's older half-sister, arrives home, she is horrified that Sasha let a stranger into her house. Before and after Val leaves, Chloe shows stress through her job as a TV researcher, the imminently rising rent, and her boyfriend who calls off dates by text message. Then a beautiful bunch of flowers arrive at the door. But they are not to Chloe from Zack, but instead to Sasha from "Uncle Val".
In scene two, two weeks later, Sasha enjoys a beautiful new dress, a ride in a Rolls-Royce, tickets to the Royal Opera House with Val to see "The Flying Dutchman" – all supposedly obtained cheaply through people Val knows. Also, the rent is mysteriously not rising after all. Chloe is starting to wonder, but right now is preparing for a candlelit dinner with Zack. However, shortly after Sasha and Val leave, Chloe receives the text message she feared.
Later that night, in scene 3, Sasha returns to find Chloe drunk and unconscious. Fearing she is dead, she shouts for help, and a man with an eye patch arrives. He is Ashley, the new neighbour downstairs. After helping Sasha get Chloe to bed, Ashley assumes (owing to a misunderstanding of the phrase "working girls") they are both prostitutes. He also claims to be retired from the serious crime squad, and blames the loss of his eye on a car chase, and before leaving tells Sasha he is looking out for her.
In the next scene, two days later, Sasha is further spoiled more gifts bought cheaply through Val's "contacts" – mostly women who (in Sasha's eyes) Val took care of. She also looks set to get a job in a nightclub. Ashley then calls with the news that Zack is in hospital, having fallen victim to muggers who stuck his mobile phone up his bottom (to some embarrassment when Chloe rang him). With Sasha out of the room, the two men confront each other. Ashley is, in fact, on a lifelong quest to put Val behind bars. Val was no policeman but instead a pimp, and the women who Val set up are the ones who survived. Ashley warns Val not to harm her. Val muses that the flat could do with some new furniture.
At the start of Act Two, several weeks later, the flat is transformed into something expensive yet devoid of character. Sasha, too, is becoming something expensive and without character. Ashley helps Sasha move in the final few things, and tries again to warn her about Val, but Sasha is adamant she won't permit them to say nasty things about each other.
When Chloe returns (having spent a holiday with Zack in Majorca to recover from the accident), she exclaims that the place has been turned into a brothel. Snapping, she calls Val a dirty old man, tells Sasha she will pay for her "gifts" eventually and declares she will live in a hotel until the furniture is gone. Sasha retorts by highlighting Chloe's unreciprocated devotion to Zack, calls her a failure, and throws Chloe's present (a cheap Majorcan pot) after her as she leaves.
In the next scene, Sasha prepare a dinner party for Val, Ashley and the "designer" Sasha used, Charmaine (one of Val's "proteges"). Ashley and Val have agreed a truce for the evening, but Val still privately reminds Val that he really lost his eye in a drunken darts match, and that his obsession with Val cost him his marriage. After Charmaine arrives, Sasha mentions she is considering dropping out of catering college and running a nightclub instead, or some other higher ambition. She says it's all thanks to Val, who shows signs that he is truly growing fond of her.
But in the next scene, after the dinner, Sasha feels excluded as Val, Ashley and Charmaine, none of whom liked her cooking that much, reminisce with stories of old times. Sensing this, Val persuades Sasha to sing. She manages a good classical rendition of "Nobody's Heart Belongs to Me", which moves Val and Ashley. Charmaine, however, has treated Sasha like a trainee prostitute all evening, and belittles her for being unsexy. Val loses his temper, and showing a frightening side not seen before, orders her out. With Sasha out of the room, the truce breaks down and Val and Ashley fight, only to do more damage to themselves than each other. Then Sasha takes a phone call, and hears that Chloe fell in front of a train.
In the final scene, Sasha clears up with a sedated Chloe in her bedroom. Ashley calls first to say that he and Val reached an agreement to find different planets to live on. Then Val calls, and even though Chloe's fall was clearly an accident, Val still denies involvement. Sasha tells Val they have to stop this, saying that although she enjoyed it, she really knew all along the side she didn't want to see. Finally, Chloe emerges, tired of small hotel rooms and warming to some of the less ghastly furniture. The fact that Zack did not visit her in hospital finally persuades her this, too, must end. So when flowers arrive at the door, without checking who they are for, they both refuse them.
Productions.
The original production at the Stephen Joseph Theatre had its first performance on 17 July 2003, and an opening night on 23 July 2003, featuring the following cast:
The production team were:
Between September 2003 and February 2004, the production toured to eight venues in England. This was the first Ayckbourn production to begin touring after the debacle over the Duchess Theatre's handling of the "Damsels in Distress" trilogy which led to Ayckbourn's threat of a West End "boycott". Shortly before touring, Ayckbourn was reported to say that he would consider returning to the West End on condition that he kept control over the production, and this led to speculation that "Sugar Daddies" would be shown in the West End. But this did not happen, and the closest performance to London was at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre in Guildford, the Stephen Joseph Theatre preferring to set up partnerships with regional theatres on Ayckbourn's own terms.
The first professional production since the tour was at "The Mill" in Sonning, Berkshire.
Beginning October 4 and running through early November 2013, ACT (A Contemporary Theatre) produced the play in Seattle, Washington. The cast was:
The production team were:
Ayckbourn directed the first two performances.
Critical reviews.
The reviews of "Sugar Daddies" were broadly positive. Michael Billington of "The Guardian" wrote: "... the real fascination lies in watching Ayckbourn's transformation from social observer to impassioned moralist, alarmed at our declining sense of self and loss of personal identity", although he felt the ending was a little too sugary. Dominic Cavendish of "The Daily Telegraph" saw some of the moments in Sasha and Val's relationship as decidedly Pinteresque.
Alison Pargeter received all-round compliments for her performance as Sasha. Jeremy Kingston of "The Times" wrote of her performance: "Her response to compliments becomes tarty. She not only waits for them, she poses in readiness. There is much of the child to her, but she also has the child's straight perception." The following year, she landed a major adult role as "Stalker" Sarah Cairns in "EastEnders".

</doc>
<doc id="19750113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750113" title="Mattjisch Horn">
Mattjisch Horn

The Mattjisch Horn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Langwies in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Prättigau and Schanfigg.

</doc>
<doc id="19750115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750115" title="Donie Collins">
Donie Collins

Donal "Donie" Collins (born 1 September 1950) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a right wing-forward for the Cork senior team.
Collins joined the team during the 1971-72 National Hurling League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen for just one season until he left the panel after the 1972 championship. During that time he won one Munster medal and one National League medal. Collins was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Collins was a record four-time All-Ireland medalist with Blackrock and James Stephens. In addition to this he has also won five Munster medals and five county club championship medals.
Playing career.
Club.
Collins began his club hurling career with Castlehaven, however, a move to Cork city resulted in a transfer to Blackrock.
In 1971 he lined out in his first senior decider as Blackrock faced St. Finbarr's. After a decade in the doldrums the Rockies were back and a 2-19 to 5-4 victory secured a championship medal for Collins. Blackrock subsequently represented Cork in the provincial series of games and faced Moyne-Templetuohy in the decider. An impressive 4-10 to 3-1 victory gave Collins a Munster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland decider pitted Blackrock against Rathnure. A high-scoring game followed, however, a narrow 5-13 to 6-9 victory gave Collins a coveted All-Ireland medal.
Blackrock surrendered their club, provincial and All-Ireland decider the following year, however, in 1973 Collins lined out in a second county championship final. A 2-12 to 2-10 defeat of Glen Rovers gave him a second championship medal. A subsequent two-point defeat of Newmarket-on-Fergus in the provincial decider gave Collins a second Munster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Blackrock against Rathnure. A rousing draw was followed by a great replay. Superb late goals by Collins and Éamonn O'Donoghue secured a 3-8 to 1-9 victory and a second All-Ireland medal for Collins.
Once again back-to-back championship titles eluded the Rockies, however, a 4-11 to 0-10 defeat of Glen Rovers in 1975 gave Collins a third championship medal. He later added a third Munster medal to his collection following a decisive 8-12 to 3-8 defeat of Mount Sion. Kilkenny's James Stephen provided the opposition in the subsequent All-Ireland final. Five points down at half-time, the Kilkenny club came storming back and defeated Collins's side by 2-10 to 2-4.
It was 1978 before Collins enjoyed his next success. A 4-12 to 1-7 defeat of Glen Rovers gave him a fourth championship medal. Once again the Rockies stormed through the provincial championship and defeated Newmarket-on-Fergus by two goals, giving Collins a fourth Munster medal. The All-Ireland final saw Cork take on Kilkenny again. This time it was Blackrock versus Ballyhale Shamrocks. Ray Cummins scored two goals in rapid succession in the opening thirty minutes to put Blackrock in the driving seat. At the full-time whistle Blackrock were the winners by 5-7 to 5-5, giving Collins a third All-Ireland medal.
A 2-14 to 2-6 defeat of St. Finbarr's in 1979 gave Collins his fifth and final championship medal. It was the first time that Blackrock had won back-to-back championships in almost fifty years. He later picked up a fifth Munster medal following a 0-13 to 1-8 defeat of Dunhill.
A move to Kilkenny saw Collins join the James Stephens club. In 1982 he came on as a substitute in the All-Ireland final as the village club faced Mount Sion. A 3-13 to 3-8 victory gave Collins a record fourth All-Ireland medal.
Inter-county.
Collins first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Cork under-21 hurling team in 1970. He made his debut in the provincial semi-final that year, however, he was an unused substitute as Cork later claimed the Munster and All-Ireland crowns.
The following year Collins was still eligible for the under-21 grade. He played in the early stages of the provincial championship but was later dropped from the starting fifteen. He was introduced as a substitute in the subsequent All-Ireland decider against Wexford. A 7-8 to 1-11 victory gave Collins his first All-Ireland medal on the field of play.
Collins made his senior debut in the National Hurling League in 1971. It was a successful campaign for Cork and Collins collected a National Hurling League medal following a narrow 3-14 to 2-14 defeat of Limerick. He later made his championship debut for Cork and made a number of cameo appearances during that year's campaign. A 6-18 to 2-8 thrashing of Clare gave Collins a Munster medal, albeit as an unused sub. The subsequent All-Ireland decider saw Cork face Kilkenny. The Rebels dominated the early exchanges and went eight points clear after a long-range score from wing-back Con Roche in the 17th minute of the second half. Remarkably they didn't didn’t score again. Kilkenny took control with Pat Henderson a key figure at centre-back and Eddie Keher cutting loose up front. They were level after a Frank Cummins goal and went onto win by eight points.

</doc>
<doc id="19750116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750116" title="Stratton Quartet">
Stratton Quartet

The Stratton String Quartet was a well known British musical ensemble active during the 1930s and 1940s. They were specially associated with the performance of British music, of which they gave numerous premieres, and were a prominent feature in the wartime calendar of concerts at the National Gallery. After the War the group was re-founded as the Aeolian Quartet.
The Stratton Quartet is also the name of a contemporary all-female string quartet, founded by Elizabeth Bell, Lorie Hippen, Laurel Browne and Kristen Anderson, in the Minneapolis area of Minnesota.
Neither is to be confused with the Jeremy Stratton Quartet, a contemporary Jazz ensemble.
Personnel.
violin:
George Stratton
violin:
Carl Taylor
viola:
Watson Forbes
cello:
John Moore
Origins.
The quartet was named after its leader George Stratton, who was also leader of the London Symphony Orchestra. Watson Forbes studied at the Royal Academy of Music under Editha Knocker and Raymond Jeremy, and played in the Academy quartet as second violin: but, opportunities arising to take on the viola desk he made the transition and viola became his primary instrument. He studied in Pisek, Czechoslovakia with Otakar Ševčík, and in England received lessons from Albert Sammons. Around 1930 he joined the Stratton Quartet and remained with it through the 1930s.
Records of the Arts and Humanities Council (UK) show that the Stratton performed at the Grotrian Hall in London in June 1928, and (with the pianist Harriet Cohen) in Berlin in February 1929. In October 1930, at the Conway Hall (Red Lion Square), they took part in a series of 10 free concerts with the Guild of Singers and Players. Probably also around 1930, they performed the Quartet op 44 of the Suffolk composer Stanley Wilson. In February 1932 they are found at Brighton with Joseph Szigeti, and a month later assisted Benjamin Britten by providing a private run-through of his Quartet in D major. They performed at Londonderry House (London) for the British Music Society in January 1933.
In 1933 they made their famous recording of the Edward Elgar piano quintet with Harriet Cohen. This was recorded as a present for the composer who was then in his last illness. Albert Sammons and Raymond Jeremy, both of whom had taught Watson Forbes, had taken part in the work's original performance of 1919.
In 1934 and 1935 the Quartet championed the work of Mary Lucas, performing her quartets at the First Performance Society (presented by London Musical Club), in November 1934, and in January 1935 at the Blackheath Music Society.
During the later 1930s George Stratton found his many duties including orchestral work increasingly onerous. In 1939 he was leading the Haigh Marshall orchestra, and the London Theatre Concerts were being given at the Cambridge Theatre. The Strattons gave the world premiere of the Lennox Berkeley String Quartet No.2, Op.15, at the Cambridge Theatre in June 1941.
The Stratton Quartet was very closely associated with the concerts given at the National Gallery in London during the Second World War, organized by Myra Hess and Howard Ferguson. Their first was in October 1939, and they performed there about once monthly. Performances included the Gerald Finzi Oboe interlude, with Edward Selwyn (January 1940), a Beethoven concert in early February, Stratton and Moore in a piano trio with Betty Humby (Lady Beecham) (February 1940), a Sibelius concert (March 1940), Stratton, Forbes and Moore with Reginald Paul, as the 'Paul Pianoforte Quartet' (March 1940), an Elgar quintet with Eileen Joyce (May 1940), a recital with Benno Moiseiwitsch and a Mozart recital with oboist Joy Boughton (July 1940), and a quartet recital in August 1940. These performances continued through the war, for example a recital with Myra Hess in January 1941, and with Harriet Cohen and Marie Korchinska (harp) in November 1943.
After the war the Stratton Quartet performed in Czechoslovakia in 1946, appearing at the first International Music Festival in Prague. At about this time or soon afterwards, the group renamed itself the Aeolian Quartet. Both Watson Forbes and John Moore remained members of the new group for several years thereafter.
See also.
Aeolian Quartet

</doc>
<doc id="19750144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750144" title="RCA Entertainment Series">
RCA Entertainment Series

The RCA Entertainment Series is a low/middle-end model of television set produced by Thomson SA, then TCL Corporation using the RCA brand name from 2001 till today. It replaced the upper middle end Colortrak model produced from the 1970s to 2001. It is not considered to be as high-end as the Colortrak because it had essentially the same features as the Colortrak; features which, by the 21st century, were no longer special at all.
Design Quirks.
RF input.
Apparently due to a bad solder, the antenna/cable inputs of "many" models of RCA TV's, including the Entertainment Series, would occasionally disfunction. The station being watched would seem to cut out and the picture went to snow. Wiggling the cable sometimes cured the problem, suggesting that it was just a bad connection. The problem was common and widespread enough that it actually led to a class-action lawsuit. This problem occurred in other models of RCA TV's, too, such as the high-end Dimensia model. All TV's from this time were: 480p

</doc>
<doc id="19750148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750148" title="Chistenstein">
Chistenstein

The Chistenstein (2,473 m) is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Küblis in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies just west of the Durannapass (2,117 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19750157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750157" title="Ambrose Jessup Tomlinson">
Ambrose Jessup Tomlinson

Ambrose Jessup (A.J.) Tomlinson (Sept. 22, 1865–Oct. 2, 1943) a former Quaker, united with the Holiness Church at Camp Creek in 1903. With his drive, vision, and organizational skills, he was elected the first general overseer of the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) in 1903. He also served as the first president of the church's Lee College, later known as Lee University (1918–1922). In 1923, Tomlinson was impeached, causing a division which led to the creation, by followers of Tomlinson, of what would become the Church of God of Prophecy.
Early life.
A.J. Tomlinson was born to a prominent Quaker family near Westfield, Indiana. His grandparents, Robert and Lydia Tomlinson, left the Society of Friends in 1843 over the issue of abolition, and joined a separatist anti-slavery Society of Friends. A year later, in 1844, A.J. Tomlinson's parents, Milton and Delilah (Hiatt) Tomlinson, were disowned from the Society of Friends for not having their marriage sanctioned by the Friends, and for neglecting church attendance. Milton and Delilah Tomlinson never regularly attended Quaker services after that, hence their children including A.J. Tomlinson were not raised attending church.
Milton Tomlinson, together with his brother Noah, was a successful businessman in a variety of ventures spanning farming, road-building, saw-mills, and bridge building. Milton Tomlinson was also active in Republican Party politics.
A.J. Tomlinson was the only son born to Milton and Delilah Tomlinson. He had eight sisters, three of whom died in childhood, and one half-sister, named Abigail, from his father Milton's first marriage. (Milton's first wife, Hannah, had died giving birth to Abigail). Five of his sisters were older than A.J. Tomlinson, to whom he looked up to as a child.
A.J. Tomlinson was born significantly under-weight, so small that as an infant he was carried on a pillow. His mother, concerned over his small size and the care he would require is said to have prayed "If this child is never going to amount to anything let him die. He is such a care. If Thou hast something special for him to do, heal him up and let him live.". A.J. Tomlinson survived but was never as tall or physically robust as his father. In 1880 A.J. Tomlinson suffered a bout with cholera, an illness which claimed the life of his sister Emily one year later. A.J. Tomlinson's own illness was severe enough to cause him to miss a third of a school year. Nevertheless as a child A.J. Tomlinson enjoyed athletics and was particularly successful at footraces. He was also gifted academically and was encouraged to practice writing at home by his father.
A.J. Tomlinson graduated grammar school at the age of seventeen and immediately enrolled in the local Quaker academy, Union High School, in Westfield, Indiana, a town known for its religious and racial diversity. His first year at Union, during the winter of 1882-1883, the Quaker evangelist William Wooton held an extended meeting at a local church, during which some 100 of Tomlinson's classmates were converted. Tomlinson, while experiencing deep conviction, was not himself converted.
As a teenager Tomlinson began engaging in Republican Party politics (although later, at the age of 27 in 1892, Tomlinson ran unsuccessfully for county auditor under the banner of the Populist Party (a political movement closely tied to the ideals of holiness Christianity), after which he quit politics altogether). As a teenager Tomlinson also belonged to a local literary society, and performed briefly in a drama troupe, besides continuing to work on the family farm. At the age of 23, in 1889, A.J. Tomlinson married Mary Jane Taylor, herself an active Quaker and member of the Walnut Ridge Monthly Meeting, where a significant holiness revival (the "Great Walnut Ridge Revival") had occurred in 1867.
Conversion.
At the age of twelve, two years after the death of both his paternal grandparents, Robert and Lydia Tomlinson, A.J. Tomlinson had his first religious experience, as told in his brief autobiography, "Answering The Call Of God":
One day while father and myself were alone in the field a mile from home, sawing a large log with an old-fashioned "Hoosier" cross-cut saw, I heard my name called, and thought father spoke to me. It was my familiar, family, pet name, but father said he did not speak it. In a few minutes I heard the same voice and the same name. Again father said he did not say a word. I was in a state of wonder. After a stillness of several minutes the voice spoke again, with that familiarity that is only recognized by the closest family ties. Father still said he did not call me not speak my name. I was mystified, and although I never spoke to a soul about it, and father never said anything about it, it was enough to awaken a nature that had never been touched before, and it was awakened to never sleep again.
Shortly after his marriage in 1889, Tomlinson experienced salvation after a bolt of lightning struck his home during a severe thunderstorm. Again Tomlinson recounts the episode in his autobiography, "Answering The Call Of God":
The first year of my married life I was one day engaged in hauling hay from one of those large Indiana meadows. A storm came up, and the men and myself hurried in to the barn with what hay we had on the wagons. I ran on to the house so Mary would not be by herself during the storm. It was a very severe storm, with much lightning and heavy thunder. Suddenly a heavier peal of thunder than usual sounded so as to almost deafen us. Wife suggested that the lightning had struck the barn, but I said, "No, dear, it's the house." I saw the flash of lightning as it crashed down the chimney, out through the cook stove, and burst out through the ceiling and weatherboarding of the house only a few feet from where I was sitting. No serious damage was done, but it had an effect on me.
That evening after supper I said to Wife, "It's time for us to pray," so I got the Bible someone had given her (up to that time I did not care anything about the Bible) and read a few verses, and down we went to prayer. No doubt I was very awkward, but I was sincere. I meant everything I said. Wife had been a Christian for some time, and could pray, but it was my first experience in that way. Nothing much was accomplished that night, but I never let up until I got a real experience of salvation.
Influences.
After his conversion A.J. Tomlinson became active in the local Quaker church, the Chester Preparative Meeting of the Society of Friends, that had been founded by his grandfather Robert. The area was frequented by many prominent holiness Quaker evangelists (such as Seth Cook Rees) and biblical scholars (such as Dougan Clark, Jr.). The area also welcomed fiery revivalists (such as Charles Stalker), and Quakers in Chester Preparative openly associated with Methodists (such as Nathan and Esther Frame). As such, A.J. Tomlinson's earliest religious influences followed the evangelical Quaker holiness teachings of Joseph John Gurney. In particular, holiness Quakers embraced emotional preaching, religious ecstasy, entire sanctification, aggressive evangelism, and the Wesleyan doctrine of Christian Perfection. Holiness Quakers also adopted the Methodists' use of tent meetings and extended revivals, techniques which A.J. Tomlinson himself would employ later in ministry. However, in the late nineteenth century, holiness Quakers did not practice water baptism, in contrast to most other holiness sects of the time.
Nearby Indianapolis, Indiana was home to several other noted holiness evangelists at the time, most importantly Thomas Nelson before he moved to Pennsylvania and came out of the Free Methodist Church. Later in ministry Tomlinson interacted directly with Nelson, but he may have begun to be influenced by Nelson in the early 1890s.
Tomlinson's next major influence came from the Methodist colporteur J.B. Mitchell. A convert of the Presbyterian revivalist Charles Finney, Mitchell tutored Tomlinson and took him on trips to distribute religious literature (provided by the American Bible Society) to impoverished areas of southern Appalachia beginning in the summer of 1894. The areas they visited included Culberson, North Carolina, (where Tomlinson and Mitchell established a Christian school and orphanage in 1899), and Camp Creek, North Carolina (where Tomlinson first met R.G. Spurling and W.F. Bryant, the founders of the "Holiness Church at Camp Creek" with whom he would unite in 1903).
On December 3, 1896, Tomlinson received official authorization from the Quaker Westfield Monthly Meeting to engage in an extended missionary trip. During the summer and fall of 1897, he visited a variety of missionary and biblical training grounds across eighteen different states. Most importantly, he visited Frank Sandford's "Holy Ghost and Us" Bible School in Durham, Maine, where he was baptized in the Androscoggin River on October 30, 1897—a significant departure from Quaker teachings.
During this period many prominent Quaker evangelists, including Martin Wells Knapp and Frank Rees, began to leave the Quaker denomination in favor of independent ministries. Frank Sandford's Shiloh movement typified such independent holiness churches, and Sandford forcefully encouraged his followers to leave their old denominations, as Sandford himself had left the Free Will Baptist denomination under which he was ordained and had pastored. Sandford's admonitions had a direct effect on A.J. Tomlinson's decision to formally remove himself from the Society of Friends in May 1898 (just weeks after his wife Mary Jane had removed herself, citing the issue of water baptism) and briefly consider Sandford's movement as his spiritual home. Sandford's Bible school would at first serve unofficially as an umbrella organization to Tomlinson and Mitchell's Christian school and orphanage in Culberson, North Carolina, but moreover it served as its model, in terms of holiness teachings, communal living arrangements, unquestioned top-down hierarchical leadership, and reliance on "faith" for finances, material provisions, and healing.
Early ministry.
As early as 1891 Tomlinson took an interest in "home missions" (a term referring to the intended evangelism of people within the borders of the USA, as opposed to "foreign missions" which intended to evangelize people oversees). Holiness Quakers actively supported both home missions and foreign missions. 
Following a series of holiness revivals in and around Westfield, Indiana between 1891 and 1892, in which the doctrine of entire sanctification was preached by evangelists including Jacob Baker, John Pennington, Emma Coffin, and Nathan and Esther Frame, A.J. Tomlinson prayed through to his own sanctification experience, which he relayed in his autobiography "Answering The Call Of God" about twenty years after the experience:
It was about twelve o'clock in the day. I cried out in the bitterness of my soul: "Now! Now! You've got to give it up now! Now!" I felt him begin to weaken and quiver. I kept the "Sword" right in him and never let go. That sharp two-edged "Sword" was doing its deadly work. I did not pity him. I showed him no quarters. There we were at that altitude when all of a sudden there came from above, like a thunderbolt from the skies, a sensational power that ended the conflict, and there lay the "old man" dead at my feet, and I was free from his grasp. Thank God! I could get a good free breath once more. It was an awful struggle, but the victory was won. That was about twenty years ago, but it is fresh in my memory yet. I was indeed sanctified wholly."
After his sanctification experience, in 1893 A.J. Tomlinson joined the staff of the Chester Bible School, a Quaker Bible school similar to an adult Sunday School. Six months later he became the school's superintendent and treasurer. Within a year the weekly attendance doubled from thirty to sixty. Although never officially ordained as a preacher by any body of the Society of Friends, during this period Tomlinson had his first opportunity to preach, in a revival meeting at the school. In the absence of any older official ministers' willingness to lead, Tomlinson spontaneously stood to his feet and "after a few, stammering, broken utterances, the people would fall into the altar and get converted. The influence spread so that some were converted at home who had not been to the meeting."
In July 1899 Tomlinson and Mitchell, after visiting the area intermittently for five years, arrived in Culberson, North Carolina to establish a permanent mission. Their mission was financed in large measure from Tomlinson's inheritance from his father, who had died in the Spring of that year. In June 1901, Tomlinson and Mitchell began publishing a periodical, "Samson's Foxes" to inform the wider holiness community of their progress and needs.
"(This section is not yet complete.)"
Ministry in the Church of God.
"(This section is under construction.)"
Legacy.
Biographies.
Besides the above mentioned autobiography, "Answering the Call of God", and his personal diaries, A.J. Tomlinson has been the subject of at least three full length biographies, and is frequently mentioned in academic research in religious history in America as one of the pivotal figures in the early Pentecostal movement in America. His biographies include:
Religious impact.
"(This section does not yet have references)"
Under Tomlinson's leadership, the "Holiness Church at Camp Creek" became the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee), with an estimated seven million members worldwide, is the second largest Pentecostal denomination behind the Assemblies of God. After his impeachment, he founded what is now known as the Church of God of Prophecy, which itself estimates having a membership of over one million members worldwide. Other splinter groups, such as the Church of God (Huntsville, Alabama) fall generally within the "Church of God" movement that A.J. Tomlinson led. It was Tomlinson's hope that the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) and the Church of God of Prophecy would get past their differences and reunite as one movement, but that has never happened. However, especially since 2004, the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) and the Church of God of Prophecy now collaborate more closely.
A.J. Tomlinson is also significant, along with contemporaries including Charles Parham and William J. Seymour, as one of the central religious figures in the beginning of the Pentecostal movement in the United States. A.J. Tomlinson enthusiastically adopted Pentecostal teaching himself, and spread the Pentecostal message across the United States, especially in the Southeast, as well as on several Caribbean Islands.
One of the distinguishing features of A.J. Tomlinson's polity and practices as compared to those of other Pentecostal denominations such as the Assemblies of God, is the hierarchical structure of the church, with the General Assembly as the highest tribunal of the church globally, a General Overseer to oversee global church matters when the General Assembly is not in session, State and National Overseers appointed by the General Overseer, District Overseers appointed by State and National Overseers, and local pastors who are set over each church by the State Overseer, not chosen by the members of the congregation themselves. This hierarchical structure allowed Tomlinson to expand the church while maintaining unity of message and practices. However, his role as General Overseer with a lifetime appointment engendered some jealousy at the time, which contributed to the controversy over his impeachment. Subsequently, the Church of God (Cleveland, Tennessee) adopted limits on the terms of General Overseer.

</doc>
<doc id="19750170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750170" title="Nikis Square">
Nikis Square

Nikis Square (Greek: "Plateia Nikis") is Kozani's central square. It is approximately in the middle of the town, 470 km north-west from Athens, 120 km south-west from Thessaloniki. Koventaron street is to the north, Tsontza street is to the west, Eirinis avenue is to south and Pavlou Mela street is to the east.
A lot of events take place every year in Nikis square. Many neo-classical buildings lie around it, just like the town hall to the south, the "Ermioneion" Hotel to the west, and the National bank of Greece building to the north. Next to the town hall lies the old church of Saint Nicolas, Kozani's patron, and between them stands the clock tower. The clock tower, or "Mamatsios" (from the last name of the donor of the clock), was built in 1855, and is 26 metres tall. It is the symbol of Kozani and its bells can be heard in most parts of the town centre.
There are some statues in the square, e.g. the statue of Georgios Sakellarios, of Georgios Lassanis and of Bishop Ioakeim.

</doc>
<doc id="19750179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750179" title="Gotschnagrat">
Gotschnagrat

The Gotschnagrat is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It is a minor prominence on the ridge descending east of the Casanna.
The Gotschnagrat can be reached by cable car from Klosters. In winter it is part of the large ski area between Davos and Klosters.

</doc>
<doc id="19750198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750198" title="En echelon veins">
En echelon veins

In structural geology, en echelon veins are structures within rock caused by noncoaxial shear. They appear as sets of short, parallel, lenses on the surface of a rock. They are planar structures within the rock. They originate as tension fractures and are subsequently filled by precipitation of a mineral, typically quartz or calcite. 

</doc>
<doc id="19750207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750207" title="Casanna">
Casanna

The Casanna is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Serneus and Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the Gotschnagrat where a cable car station is located.

</doc>
<doc id="19750214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750214" title="Daren O'Leary">
Daren O'Leary

Daren O'Leary (born 27 June 1973 in Harold Wood, England) was a rugby union player who represented Saracens, Harlequins, Gloucester, Worcester and Moseley. Now retired, he is a professional rugby union agent with Top Marque Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19750220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750220" title="Washburn Stealth">
Washburn Stealth

The Washburn stealth was a guitar designed by Dimebag Darrell Abbott Of Pantera and Damageplan and put in production by Washburn guitars from 2000-2004. The guitar was based on the Dean Guitars ML body shape but with sharper points.In 2008, Dean started to produce a copy of the Washburn Stealth following Dime and Washburn's designs.
ST-Pro.
The St-Pro, or Stealth Pro was a second import Steath model Washburn started manufacturing during 2003/2004. It featured a Set Neck and Mahogany body like the USA made Stealth's. All USA specs and hardware were used, except they went with the USA Dime3 offset headstock instead of the symmetrical stealth headstcok. Finishes came in Transblack and Cherryburst.
In 2004 Washburn Discontinued the Stealth guitars because Dimebag had gone back to Dean. Dean now makes Stealth which have a smaller body and a Razorback headstock.
Dimebag Custom Variations.
Dimebag Had many custom Stealths, one of the most popular being the Reinventing The Steel Diamondplate Stealth.
These were only a few of the stealths he had.

</doc>
<doc id="19750245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750245" title="Weissfluh">
Weissfluh

The Weissfluh is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located above Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It is part of a ski area and the summit is served by a cable car from the Weissfluhjoch.

</doc>
<doc id="19750257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750257" title="Sebastian Enderle">
Sebastian Enderle

Sebastian Enderle (born 29 May 1989 in Ulm) is a German football defender who currently plays for FV Illertissen.

</doc>
<doc id="19750270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750270" title="Schiahorn">
Schiahorn

The Schiahorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Davos in the canton of Graubünden. The Schiahorn is located just east of the Strela Pass, where the summit normal route starts.

</doc>
<doc id="19750286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750286" title="Chüpfenflue">
Chüpfenflue

The Chüpfenflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located between Langwies and Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

</doc>
<doc id="19750318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750318" title="Central Lancaster High School">
Central Lancaster High School

Central Lancaster High School (CLHS) is a public state school in Lancaster, England. Located on Crag Road on the Ridge area in east Lancaster the school originally opened in 1966 as Castle Secondary Modern School but in 1986 amalgamated with Greaves Secondary Modern School from the south side of Lancaster, moving all the Greaves pupils up to the larger more modern site on Crag Road and renaming the two amalgamated schools as Central Lancaster High School. The two sites that belonged to Greaves School were either demolished or renovated and made into flats and houses. The school has been awarded specialist Arts College status. Central is a mixed sex public school for pupils aged 11–18. Central Lancaster High School is located on Crag Road Lancaster.
Central Lancaster High School has also had a Royal Visit which pictures can be viewed by clicking here.
Central Lancaster High School was recently represented in the English Schools FA cup by its year 11 team in 2010/11. They enjoyed success by reaching the semi-final stage and narrowly missed out on reaching the final.
The Central Lancaster High School Sixth Form opened in September 2011. The Mayor of Lancaster officially opened the Sixth Form for Central Lancaster High School. 
SPORT
Central Lancaster High School has a very successful history of football, with the U16s boys' team reaching the semi-final of the English Schools FA CUP in 2011. They also have a very successful year ten girls' sports team, who won the district trophy in football and also reached the fourth round in the English Schools FA CUP.

</doc>
<doc id="19750319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750319" title="Tiejer Flue">
Tiejer Flue

The Tiejer Flue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located between Arosa and Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It is the main summit between the Maienfelder Furgga and the Strelapass.

</doc>
<doc id="19750331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750331" title="Darren Heyes">
Darren Heyes

Darren Heyes (born 11 January 1967 in Swansea, Wales) was an English football Goalkeeper and the son of former Leicester City and Swansea City Goalkeeper, George Heyes.
He represented England at Schoolboy at under 15, 18 and Youth level appearing in the 1985 FIFA World Under 20 Championships in the USSR.
He signed as a professional for Nottingham Forest from '83 to '88 as a reserve team player but despite making his reserve team debut aged just 14 years old V Oldham Athletic he never went on to make a first team appearance. Heyes made a number of Football League appearances for Scunthorpe United and Wrexham before joining Halifax Town where he played 76 games. Heyes appeared for Great Britain in the 1991 World Student Games and won a Bronze medal with a 2-1 victory against Uruguay and also appeared as a non contract player for Sheffield United, Boston United and Walsall before suffering a horrific double break of his leg in 1999 whilst playing for non league Moor Green who later became known as Solihull Moors. 
Heyes recovered sufficiently enough to become the Nottingham Forest Academy Goalkeeping Coach in 1999 before moving across the River Trent in 2002 to become First Team Goalkeeping Coach and Head of Youth Development at Notts County. In 2010 Heyes was appointed as Head of Youth Development and Academy GK Coach at Derby County FC. In June 2011 he was selected for the England over 40 team that achieved third place in the FISA World Veterans Cup in Chaiyaphum, Thailand 
He still turns out regularly for Nottingham Forest Masters in the Sky Sports Masters series and now runs two successful companies a GK training business called katzkeepers.co.uk and a media company heyesmedia.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19750340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750340" title="Amselflue">
Amselflue

The Amselflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, overlooking Arosa in the canton of Graubünden. The main summit has an elevation of 2,781 metres, while the eastern summit, located directly above the Maienfelder Furgga, is 2,768 metre high.

</doc>
<doc id="19750358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19750358" title="Erotas (disambiguation)">
Erotas (disambiguation)

Erotas (Greek: Έρωτας) is a Greek word, which translates into Love or Sex.
Erotas may refer to the following:

</doc>
