<doc id="19743548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743548" title="Lotte Horne">
Lotte Horne

Lotte Horne (born 3 June 1943) is a Danish film actress. She appeared in 15 films between 1966 and 1973.
She was born in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19743587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743587" title="Civil Society Coalition on Climate Change">
Civil Society Coalition on Climate Change

The Civil Society Coalition on Climate Change (or CSCCC) is an entity that maintains a website and describes itself as a global group of non-profit organizations with a mission of "seekto educate the public about the science and economics of climate change in an impartial manner." The Coalition identifies its membership as including 60 independent nonprofit organisations from 40 countries "who share a commitment to improving public understanding about a range of public policy issues." It calls itself "a free-market alternative to mainstream environmentalism." An Indian news media report states that it was founded by the International Policy Network, a London-based organization that receives support from Exxon Mobil.
The group publishes background papers and opinion editorials on the science and economics of climate change and maintains a blog. Its "Civil Society Report on Climate Change" was published in 2007, shortly before the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change conference in Bali. CSCCC experts make media appearances, such as Julian Morris's 2007 feature on "Larry King Live" and his televised debate in 2008 with IPCC head Rajendra Pachauri.
This IPN in the UK has Julian Morris as Executive Director. It is actually a part of the Atlas Group/Network (aka Atlas Economic Research Institute) which was founded by UK factory-chicken king, Sir Antony Fisher (one of PM Margaret Thatcher's economic gurus) and American Loctite millionaire Richard Krieble. They had funding support from Krieble, Richard Mellon Scaife, and Philip Morris. [http://legacy.library.ucsf.edu/tid/jmi97g00/pdf] Fisher is reputed to have had a primary hand in establishing up to 150 libertarian think-tanks around the world.
Fisher's daughter, Linda Whetstone, now works for the (Fisher-founded) Adam Smith Institute. She is also the chairperson of the International Policy Network, and is on the Boards of Directors of the Mont Pelerin Society, the Institute of Economic Affairs and the Atlas Group in the USA. Coalitions and networks of this kind a common with Atlas Group think-tanks, and many of their key staff and directors serve on many different organisations. This faux-multiplicity amplifies the apparent strength of the public attacks on climate-change science. See also the Stockholm Network.[http://archive.corporateeurope.org/stockholmnetwork.html and [http://legacy.library.ucsf.edu/tid/avo83c00/pdf]
Member organizations.
The coalition lists the following as its member organizations:

</doc>
<doc id="19743593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743593" title="Lake Placid Olympic Ski Jumping Complex">
Lake Placid Olympic Ski Jumping Complex

The Lake Placid Olympic Ski Jumping Complex comprises a 90- and 120-meter ski jumps towers built for the 1980 Olympic Games in Lake Placid, New York, United States. They are located two miles from Lake Placid, off of the Old Military Road, in Essex County, New York.
The sky deck on the 120-meter jump offers views of nearby John Brown's Farm and the surrounding High Peaks of the Adirondacks. Training and competition for Nordic ski jumping takes place year round thanks to a plastic mat out-run on the 90m jump. The Freestyle Aerial Training Center is located to the right of the base of the jump towers. Aerialists can train in the summer months by jumping into a 750,000 gallon pool.
History.
The Lake Placid Club built the first ski jump on this site in 1917, using the hillside itself as the jump surface. The next year, the first tower constructed of wood, and the jump enlarged to 35 meters. In 1921, a major competition was held which drew close to 2000 spectators, many arriving via a special train; the record jump was 124 feet. In 1923, the jump was enlarged to fifty meters, and in 1927, a new steel tower was built, raising the jump to 60 meters. In 1928, the tower was raised to 75 meters; this was the tower used for the 1932 Winter Olympic Games. In 1977, the old tower was demolished to make way for new 70 and 90-meter jumps, used for the 1980 Winter Olympic Games. In 1994, the landing hills were re-graded to bring the jumps into compliance with current rules, and increasing their height to 90 and 120 meters.
The towers were built using a jacking system that lifted and poured concrete into the forms continuously, night and day, for 15 days for the larger jump, and 9 days for the smaller one.
The present record jumps stand at 105 meters for the 90-meter jump, set by Andrew Osadetz of Canada, and 135.5 meters for the 120-meter jump, set by Veli-Matti Lindström of Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19743594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743594" title="Libya–Malta relations">
Libya–Malta relations

Libyan-Maltese relations are foreign relations between Libya and Malta. Both countries established diplomatic relations soon after Malta’s independence. Both countries had very close ties and cooperation during Dom Mintoff’s governments. Libya has an embassy in Balzan and Malta has an embassy in Tripoli. As of 2013, as quoted by Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan, the relationship between both countries is "excellent".
History.
During the Mintoff years following the independence of Malta, Libya had loaned several million dollars to Malta to make up for the loss of rental income which followed the closure of British military bases in Malta; These closer ties with Libya meant a dramatic new (but short-lived) development in Maltese foreign policy: Western media reported that Malta appeared to be turning its back on NATO, the UK, and Europe generally.
History books were published that began to spread the idea of a disconnection between the Italian and Catholic populations, and instead tried to promote the theory of closer cultural and ethnic ties with North Africa. This new development was noted by Boissevain in 1991:
...the Labour government broke off relations with NATO and sought links with the Arab world. After 900 years of being linked to Europe, Malta began to look southward. Muslims, still remembered in folklore for savage pirate attacks, were redefined as blood brothers.
The Saipem incident (1980).
In 1980 an oil rig of the Italian company Saipem commissioned by Texaco to drill on behalf of the Maltese government 68 nautical miles south-east of Malta had to stop operations after being threatened by a Libyan gunboat. Both Malta and Libya claimed economic rights to the area and this incident raised tensions. The matter was referred to the International Court of Justice in 1982 but the court's ruling in 1985 dealt only with the delineation of a small part of the contested territory.
Improving relations (1982-87).
Malta and Libya had entered into a "Friendship and Cooperation Treaty", in response to repeated overtures by Gaddafi for a closer, more formal union between the two countries; and, for a brief period, Arabic had become a compulsory subject in Maltese secondary schools.
Post-1987.
Following the termination of the Mintoff and Mifsud-Bonnici governments, Malta retained its excellent relations with Libya. Relations cooled in 2005 following the assassination in Malta of Fathi Shaqaqi, presumably by the Mossad, but relations were later normalised. During the Libyan civil war in 2011, Malta coordinated the evacuation of tens of thousands of foreign workers who got caught up in the conflict; Malta played a lesser role in the later international intervention in the conflict.
Relations continue after Gaddafi's era.
Following the overthrow of Libya's Muammar Gaddafi, relations have continued to strengthen from both parts. The Maltese Government in collaboration with MCAST has offered scholarships to Libyan students. Discussions on Illegal Migrations also have been undergoing. On September 2013, a deal was struck for Malta to procure crude oil, refined oil, jet fuel and LPG at a fixed price. Some issue on and oil exploration area, claimed by both countries, have been discussed by both parties, agreeing for joint oil exploration by both countries. Malta will also help Libya in transport and civil aviation. The Libyan government was keen on improving links between the two countries including oil and gas, education, including a rehabilitation of the Ta' Giorni Institute, and other aspects. 

</doc>
<doc id="19743597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743597" title="Crash (2008 TV series)">
Crash (2008 TV series)

Crash is an American television drama series set in Los Angeles, California that starred Dennis Hopper and Eric Roberts. It is the first original series produced by the Starz network. The network ordered a 13 episode season which premiered on October 17, 2008. The series is based on the 2004 film of the same name. It was developed for television by Glen Mazzara. In Canada, "Crash" can be seen on Super Channel. Starz ordered a second season that premiered in September 2009 before concluding in December 2009. Lead actor Dennis Hopper died in May 2010 and the series did not continue.
Production.
Conception.
Starz began looking to develop original television series after the success of series developed by its rivals Showtime and HBO and advertised funding and creative freedom for original programming projects. "Crash" is the network's first foray into original scripted drama and is based on the Academy Award winning 2004 film of the same name. The writers of the film, Paul Haggis and Robert Moresco, were interested in developing a series based on the property. Lionsgate and Starz collaborated on developing the series for television.
Television writer and producer Glen Mazzara was brought in as an executive producer for the series. Mazzara has worked extensively as a writer and producer on "The Shield" and had developed new projects for the other networks including "Life" and "Standoff".
Crew.
Glen Mazzara served as the series executive producer and showrunner. The film's writers Paul Haggis and Robert Moresco and producer Bob Yari joined Mazzara as executive producers. Thomas Becker, Mark R. Harris, Tom Nunan, and Jorg Westerkamp all worked as producers or production executives on the original film project and are credited as co-executive producers on the series. Movie actor Don Cheadle, who was a star and producer of the 2004 film, is also on board as a co-executive producer.
Mazzara hired a writing staff that he felt was used to coping with edgier material. Co-executive producer and writer Frank Renzulli had previously worked on HBO drama "The Sopranos". Co-executive producer and writer Ted Mann worked on HBO drama "Deadwood". Producer and writer Stacy Rukeyser worked with Mazzara on "Standoff". Executive story editor Chris Collins came from the recently completed HBO drama "The Wire". Executive story editor Randy Huggins had previously worked with Mazzara on "The Shield".
The pilot episode was directed by Sanford Bookstaver.
Cast.
The one season starred:
In season 2 new cast members: 
Battaglia is a security guard and then begins working for Blanchard and some of the cast members from season 1, Tur, Carey, Sweeney, Tee, Chavez, Tarabay and Sizemore do not return for season 2. Jenny Mollen plays Tess, the new girlfriend to Kenny Battaglia.
Reception.
Reviews of the series have been mixed: ""Crash" has a noirish appeal, and ambitions to tell a big story" said Ginia Bellafante of "The New York Times"; Mike Hughes of the "Detroit Free Press" said ""Crash" debut is masterful, intense"; and "Politically and socially ambitious" said the "Los Angeles Times". However, Variety's Brian Lowry wrote; "There's not a whit of originality to it," and "The show possesses less substance than a brisk Santa Ana wind." According to Matthew Gilbert of "The Boston Globe", "None of the stories or characters is remotely interesting", but "Newsday" wrote, "Gritty, jarring, profane, and smartly produced" (Verne Gay).
Release.
The first series of Crash was released on DVD in the USA on September 15th, 2009. The second series was released through Amazon.com on September 15th, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19743604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743604" title="Benwick Goods Railway">
Benwick Goods Railway

The Benwick Goods Railway was a Great Eastern Railway line serving the village of Benwick, Cambridgeshire.
History.
The line was built in 1898 as a goods only line for moving agricultural produce from the Benwick area. It left the Ely to Peterborough line at Three Horseshoes Junction in Turves, Cambridgeshire, just east of the level crossing on Burnthouse Road. Passenger services were never provided, and the line closed to goods in 1966.
Route.
After leaving the main line at Three Horseshoes Junction, the line headed east just south of the Turves to March road. The curve of the line can be seen from the property boundaries of the houses just east of Poplars level crossing. The line then curved south towards Bottom Hake's farm. Quaker's Drove station was at the eastern end of Quaker's drove just west of the point where the metalled road ends. The next station was West Fen Drove, this was at the east end of West Fen Drove at the point where the metalled road ends.
The third station was Burnt House, this was on the road now known as Burnthouse Sidings which heads east from Burnthouse Farm. After this the line curved slightly to the west and followed what is now a byway to Jones Drove station, near Garton House where the byway makes a sharp bend.
After this, the line is difficult to trace. The next station, White Fen, was near Keyworth House Farm, and Benwick station itself was north west of the village on the road to Whittlesea.
Bibliography.
There are two books which cover the Benwick line:

</doc>
<doc id="19743622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743622" title="Pointinini">
Pointinini

The pointinini (pointed shoe) is a type of shoe popular in Côte d'Ivoire.
Description.
They are shoes whose characteristic is that the front part pointed and is slightly bent, available in all the colors and various materials (leather, deer, synthetic fibre).
Tendency.
This fashion strongly developed in Côte d'Ivoire and was quickly exported with Coupé-Décalé and the concept of the "farot" incarnated by JetSet. Ivorian singer Abou Nidal sings about it in "La chaussure qui parle" (The shoe which speaks).
The pointinini is a key component of the "Afrodesign" or modern "Afrostyle". The pointinini is a true phenomenon of style in Africa.
The pointinini was not invented by Abou Nidal but finds its origins in the centre of Africa in the Democratic Republic of Congo, via the science of "sapeology" (which originates from the word "sape" i.e. Societe Admirer des Persons Elegant).

</doc>
<doc id="19743624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743624" title="Else Petersen">
Else Petersen

Else Petersen (26 April 1910 – 28 August 2002) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 44 films between 1936 and 1993.
She was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19743630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743630" title="Ufuk">
Ufuk

Ufuk is a unisex given name of Turkish origin meaning "horizon". The word itself stems from the Arabic "ufuq" (أفق), "horizon".

</doc>
<doc id="19743641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743641" title="Sphecodes albilabris">
Sphecodes albilabris

Sphecodes albilabris is a solitary parasitic bee that is endemic to Central and Western Europe. The larvae of this species are parasites to "Colletes cunicularius".
The length of the bee is 11–14 mm. It flies from March to September.

</doc>
<doc id="19743649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743649" title="RAF Wrexham">
RAF Wrexham

RAF Wrexham was a Royal Air Force station at Borras, on the outskirts of Wrexham, Wales and east of the town centre.
Initially opened as a municipal aerodrome the airfield was used by the Royal Flying Corps during World War I and the Royal Air Force in World War II. The airfield became the site of a Royal Observer Corps nuclear bunker during the Cold War.
History.
Early days.
The first noted involvement of aviation with Wrexham was in 1912 when Gustav Hamel visited the Racecourse Ground to entertain the public with air displays. The local council discussed transforming the racecourse into a municipal airport.
During the period 1917 - 1920 fields at Borras Lodge were used by Nos. 4 and 51 Training Squadrons/Schools of the Royal Flying Corps and after 1918 by Royal Air Force training squadrons based at RAF Shotwick (later RAF Sealand) and Hooton Park. The same location was also used by the Lancashire Aero Club and the Liverpool and District Aero Club for air displays during the 1930s, and two visits from Sir Alan Cobham's National Aviation day Circus.
Second World War.
As the entire area was on a plateau, the field was largely dry, unlike RAF Sealand and Hawarden Airport, both reclaimed from the River Dee. This dryness encouraged visits from several training squadrons, such as spitfires from RAF Ternhill. After the initial breakout of the War, No 5 Service Flying Training School used the ground as a relief strip, and in 1940, three grass runways of approximately 550-660 yards existed. The wet conditions of surrounding airfields usually caused training groups to send planes to Wrexham, which had no air traffic control, which caused several incidents. 
The main period of construction at the site took place between December 1940 and June 1941, which often saw floodlit operations during the dark winter. The airfield was upgraded with hardened concrete runways and appropriate lighting for them, with defence against any possible ground invasion provided by the ring of defences surrounding the nearby Royal Ordnance Factory. The Airfield was primarily built to house a night fighter squadron for the air defence of Liverpool and Manchester, and in 1941, No. 96 Squadron RAF, a night fighter squadron, was moved to Wrexham from RAF Cranage. In 1944 it was occupied by RAF. 21 Grp. AFU.
It was also home to No. 285 Squadron, which provided Target tug aircraft for training exercises, starting with Bristol Blenheims, Lockheed Hudsons and Westland Lysanders, later replaced with Boulton Paul Defiants and Miles Martinets. After moving through a number of Headquarters, this squadron was disbanded 26 June 1945.
To the West, on Esclusham Mountain, a decoy airfield existed. This was only in operation from 1941-3, however the mountain was bombed several times by incendiary bombers during the war, causing mountain fires. The waves of bombing were caused by a single bomber jettisoning its bombs after missing the Monsanto Chemical Works in nearby Cefn Mawr, followed by several targeted raids against the ensuing fire, with Luftwaffe crew believing the fires to be from a burning Liverpool.
US Army Airstrips.
There was a US Army "cubstrip" on the Aerodrome itself. This was a small designated area where US Army Piper Cubs could land, in support of the 400th Armored Field Artillery battalion and No 33 Signals Construction Battalion, who were billeted in local houses, most notably Acton Hall. There were no surface treatment or buildings at any of these sites. As well as the one on the airfield, there were four others; two in Acton, one just outside the Airfield, and one in Gresford, opposite the entrance gates of Gresford Colliery. These were used by the 322nd Field Artillery Battalion of the 83rd Infantry Division. None of these sites lasted more than a year.
After the RAF.
The airfield was closed and placed on care and maintenance in 1945. On 22 October 1959, it was sold to United Gravel Company a subsidiary of Alfred McAlpine. In the 1970s quarrying operations commenced in the area and have almost completely obliterated the site. As recently as 2004, the original runway surface and paint still existed in places.
The site is also referred to as "Borras Airfield", ICAO reference EGCE. In 1977 the National Eisteddfod of Wales was held on the airfield. 
In 2005, the Tarmac quarry posted an application to increase quarrying activities. As a result of the archaeological report of this application, several of the original structures have been deemed intact, including a Bellman hangar, several gunnery butts, which were brick buildings used for target practice and alignment of fighter weapons. There are also several air crash sites in the area, including a Bristol Beaufighter that crashed into a pond.
Cold War.
Between 1962 and 1992 there was a hardened nuclear bunker, built for No 17 Group Royal Observer Corps North Wales, who provided the field force of the United Kingdom Warning and Monitoring Organisation and would have sounded the four minute warning alarm in the event of war and warned the population of Wrexham in the event of approaching radioactive fallout. The building was manned by up to 80 volunteers who trained on a weekly basis and wore a Royal Air Force style uniform. After the break up of the communist bloc in 1989, the Royal Observer Corps was disbanded between September 1991 and December 1995. However, the nuclear bunker still stands on the site of RAF Wrexham as a lasting reminder of the cold war, but is now converted and used as a recording studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19743650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743650" title="Italy–Malta relations">
Italy–Malta relations

Italy–Malta relations are foreign relations between Italy and Malta. Both countries established official diplomatic relations soon after Malta's independence. Italy has an embassy in Valletta. Malta has an embassy in Rome and 18 honorary consulates (in Bari, Bologna, Brescia, Cagliari, Catania, Genova, Livorno, Milan, Naples, Palermo, Perugia, Reggio Calabria, Savona, Siracusa, Torino, Trieste, and Venice).
Both countries are members of the European Union and of the Union for the Mediterranean.
History.
Malta and the Italian peninsula have a long history of relations given their close proximity. Malta was part of the Normans' Kingdom of Sicily and remained associated with the Italian kingdom until 1194. The Kingdom of Naples would be involved in the war against the French occupation of the island. In 1800 Malta became a protectorate jointly administered by Naples and the United Kingdom, although the latter had more influence. By 1813 the island became a British colony and thus moved outside the Italian sphere, although the presence of Italian culture and language remained strong. Indeed Italian designs on the island were highlighted in April 1933, when on a visit to the island, Italian cabinet undersecretary Francesco Giunta stated that he was on Italian soil and that the future of the island lay in complete union with Italy. The two countries clashed during World War II when Italy bombed the island during the Siege of Malta.
In 1980, Malta entered into a neutrality agreement with Italy, under which Malta agreed not to enter into any alliance and Italy agreed to guarantee Malta's neutrality. Malta's relations with Italy have been described as "generally excellent".

</doc>
<doc id="19743664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743664" title="Abou Nidal">
Abou Nidal

Abou Nidal, also known as Aboubacar Doumbia, is a singer of Côte d'Ivoire residing in Geneva in Switzerland and specializing in Coupé-Décalé. He is the creator of the concept of "The Shoe which speaks" ("La chaussure qui parle" in French).
He has promoted the style called "Foams". He is also the originator of the movement "It is the moment" ("Cé le moment" in French)

</doc>
<doc id="19743673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743673" title="James Mortimer (athlete)">
James Mortimer (athlete)

James Mortimer (born 1 March 1983) is a New Zealand hurdler. He competed at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, where he was a member of the New Zealand 4 x 100m relay team. He is the national record holder over the 100m hurdles. 

</doc>
<doc id="19743684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743684" title="Antidote Shanghai">
Antidote Shanghai

Antidote Shanghai is a group of Chinese music producers and DJs that host several monthly events in Shanghai, and in other cities around Greater China. 
Origins.
Antidote Shanghai began in 2005 at a party in a small Shanghai bar called C's club. The event turned into a monthly phenomenon and moved on to larger venues such as. 'The Shelter Club' and features independent Chinese music producers. Most notable among them are Shanshui Records, founder of Sulumi, Antidote co-founder B6, and other foreign guests. Antidote events have gained a reputation for bold, eclectic music selections, culture jamming antics, cryptic dress codes, and often live electronic music.
The Antidote Advertising.
B6's poster designs for The Antidote have drawn both critical acclaim and controversy, and have been exhibited in galleries in China and London's Victoria and Albert Museum. On August 2008, BBC's Culture Show did a feature show on The Antidote and B6.
External links.
B6 Wikipedia page

</doc>
<doc id="19743688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743688" title="2002 Orlando Miracle season">
2002 Orlando Miracle season

The 2002 WNBA season was their 4th season and their last in Orlando. The Miracle missed out of the playoffs by losing in a tiebreaker to the Indiana Fever. It was also the final season in Orlando.
Schedule.
Playoffs.
The Miracle tied for fourth place with the Indiana Fever. However, the Miracle lost two of the three regular season meetings with the Fever and therefore, the Fever took fourth place and advanced to the postseason for the first time ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19743694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743694" title="John Towill">
John Towill

John Towill coached and choreographed national and international champions in dance, freestyle, pairs, and synchronized ice skating. He is a member of the National Ice Skating Association, U.S. Figure Skating, PSA, and the Ice Skating Institute. He was a member of the Great Britain International Team and a Great Britain Professional Champion. Towill is currently the head coach of the Precisely Right synchronized skating team from Mennen Arena in Morris Plains, New Jersey, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19743704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743704" title="Woolsthorpe, Victoria">
Woolsthorpe, Victoria

Woolsthorpe is a small town in the Shire of Moyne, Victoria. It is situated at the intersection of the Woolsthorpe-Heywood, Koroit-Woolsthorpe, and Warrnambool-Caramut Roads, on the banks of Spring Creek. There is a local pub, the National Hotel. At the 2006 census, Woolsthorpe had a population of 694.
The nearest large town is Warrnambool 26.5 kilometres further south.
Woolsthorpe Post Office opened on 6 August 1861.
The local agriculture is primarily based on sheep and cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="19743715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743715" title="Jasper, Indiana micropolitan area">
Jasper, Indiana micropolitan area

The Jasper Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in southwestern Indiana, anchored by the city of Jasper. At the 2000 census, the Micropolitan area (μSA) had a population of 52,511 (though a July 1, 2009, estimate placed the population at 53,678). The micropolitan area covers an area of .
Demographics.
At the 2000 census, there were 52,511 people, 19,932 households and 14,419 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 97.92% White, 0.13% African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.17% from other races, and 0.45% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.24% of the population.
The median household income was $39,464, and the median family income was $45,881. Males had a median income of $32,226 versus $22,248 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $18,221.

</doc>
<doc id="19743729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743729" title="MNK">
MNK

MNK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743734" title="Ersa (disambiguation)">
Ersa (disambiguation)

Ersa or ERSA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743740" title="Edward Finch (diplomat)">
Edward Finch (diplomat)

Edward Finch-Hatton (c.1697 – 16 May 1771) was a diplomat and politician. 
He was born Hon. Edward Finch, 5th son of Daniel Finch, 2nd Earl of Nottingham and of Hon. Anne Hatton daughter and in her issue sole heiress of Christopher Hatton, 1st Viscount Hatton. He was educated at a school at Isleworth and at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he obtained an M.A. in 1718. He then went on the Grand Tour from 1720 to 1723, visiting France, Italy and Hanover. 
In 1724, he commenced a diplomatic career, representing Great Britain as envoy-extraordinary to the imperial diet of Regensburg in the winter of 1724 to 1725, then successively as Minister to Poland, Sweden and Russia between 1725 and 1742, spending the longest period as minister in Stockholm, from 1728 to 1739. On his return to England he was appointed as groom of the royal bedchamber, a post he held despite changes of government until 1756. He became Master of the Robes in June 1757 and surveyor of the king's private roads in November 1760. 
He served as Member of Parliament for Cambridge University from 1727 until he retired from public life in 1768. In 1764, he took the additional surname Hatton in accordance with the will of his great aunt Anne Hatton, on inheriting property from her. He married Elizabeth Palmer, daughter of Sir Thomas Palmer, 4th Baronet, of Wingham on 9 September 1746. They had two sons and three daughters. The eldest son George Finch-Hatton became an MP, and his son George Finch-Hatton succeeded as 10th Earl of Winchilsea and 5th Earl of Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19743764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743764" title="Al Green (disambiguation)">
Al Green (disambiguation)

Al Green (Albert Greene, born 1946) is an American musician.
Al Green or Greene may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743765" title="MTPA">
MTPA

MTPA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743767" title="Energetik FC">
Energetik FC

Energetik FC is an Azerbaijani football club based in Mingachevir. One of the oldest and popular clubs in Azerbaijan. For a moment it participates at Azerbaijan First Division.
History.
The club was established in 1966 and took part in Soviet Second League and Azerbaijan Premier League under the next names like "Textilshchik" (1966–70), "Avtomobilist" (1980–87), "Kur" (1990–93), "Kur-Nur" (1993–98). The club re-established to the beginning of 2003-04 season and was named "Energetik FC" belonging Mingachevir HPP.
Last seasons the club takes part in the second level of Azerbaijan championship and can not make good results. In 2004-05 season Energetik promoted to the Premier League but withdrew because of financial problems.

</doc>
<doc id="19743779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743779" title="Malaysian Civil Defence Department">
Malaysian Civil Defence Department

The Malaysian Civil Defence Force () or popularly known as JPAM (formerly JPA3) is the civil defence services agency in Malaysia.
History.
Pre-Independence
1939 - Civil Defence activities in Malaysia was initiated by the British formed Passive Defence Emergency Regulation Enactment under Chapter 41 to provide measures - measures to mitigate the Second World war.
1951 - The Civil Defence Ordinance, 1951 was officially enacted as a law - law in Malaya security system.
1952 - Civil Defence Department was established on March 24 officially for carrying out the provisions of the Ordinance.
Post-Independence
1957 - The Civil Defence Ordinance, 1951 converted into the Civil Defence Act 1951 (Act 221) the independence of the state.
1958 - Civil defense became permanent and important element in national defense system in accordance with the Ninth Schedule Federal Constitution.
1964 - Civil Defence is extended to Sabah, Sarawak and Singapore following the confrontation of Malaysia - Indonesia (Cabinet Paper No. 302/314/64)
1965 - Total membership increased to 36,000 members with 37 branches in addition to new logistics equipment at that time available for the whole country.
1970 - Staffing deployment throughout the country made in accordance with the provisions of the National Service Act 1952 to the floods which swept across the country.
1972 - Civil Defence Act 1951 was amended to perform the duties and role in peace to carry out disaster relief services in addition to her main task facing the war.
1993 - Highland Tower tragedy in Hulu Kelang collapse began transforming the Civil Defence organization in Malaysia.
Development Era
1994 - Introduction of JPA 3 nickname first used and accepted throughout the country to distinguish with the Department of Public Service and the Department of Civil Aviation.
1995 - 991 Emergency Hotline was launched on May 20 as a sign of commitment to the Civil Defence Department provide 24-hour emergency assistance.
1996 - Department of Civil Defence Development Plan designed to fully equip all the logistics and infrastructure requirements in the rescue movement.
2000 - All state capital across the country and six branch offices have implemented online services 991.
2000 - Physical Project Development Plan projects implemented by seven Central and State Civil Defense is placing 7th District, including two new training center project.
2001 - A total of seven Civil Defence Centre project at state and district approved for implementation in the RMK 8 to all state capitals across the peninsula will have complex administrative, operational and training themselves.
2004 - Motto 'Selangkah Kehadapan' was introduced as the Civil Defence Department staff's commitment to give 'Delivery Service' best to the public in accordance with the increase in staffing in the department.
2006 - Introduced the slogan "Ready, Fast and Integrity" as a catalyst for the Civil Defence Department into a department of excellence.
2008 - Introduction nickname JPA 3 to JPAM was launched by the Director General of Civil Defence himself in March during the Civil Defence Day celebration held in Ipoh.
2008 - The Malaysian Government has introduced the 'One Country One Number' as the 999-line call center to consolidate the emergency lines that the Royal Malaysia Police, the Ministry of Health, Fire and Rescue Department and Civil Defence Department Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19743789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743789" title="Albert Green">
Albert Green

Albert Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743798" title="Wolf Cubs (Baden-Powell Scouts' Association)">
Wolf Cubs (Baden-Powell Scouts' Association)

Wolf Cubs, usually referred to as Cubs, is the second youngest section of Scouting operated by the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association, following on from the Beaver Scouts section. The core age range for Wolf Cubs is seven and eleven, though exceptions can be granted. Individual sections of Wolf Cubs, known as a Pack, are run by the local Scout Group. After reaching the age of ten and a half, a Wolf Cub may move on to Scouts.
History.
Wolf Cubs were established by Robert Baden-Powell in 1916, as a response to younger boys wishing to join the Scout Movement. Baden-Powell based the new programme on the Seonnee Pack, created in "The Jungle Book" by his friend Rudyard Kipling. Wolf Cubs still use "The Jungle Book" as a basis.
Organisation.
A Wolf Cub Pack is a section of the Scout Group aimed at children from 7.5 to 11 years. 
The Scout Officer in charge of the Pack will be a Cubmaster, assisted by Assistant Cubmasters and Instructors. All the warranted leaders are given names from The Jungle Book - the CSL is normally given the name Akela.
Wolf Cub Packs are controlled by the local Scout Group, with each pack being divided into a number of Sixes. The Wolf Cub in charge of a Pack is known as a 'Sixer', who is assisted by a 'Seconder'. Where there is an outstanding Wolf Cub, in the latter stages of the Training Scheme, they may be appointed as 'Senior Sixer'. This is a similar role to that of Senior Patrol Leader in the Scout Troop. The Senior Sixer will assist the Cubmaster.
Programme.
UK Promise.
The Wolf Cub promise is a variation of the Scout promise:
UK Motto.
The Wolf Cub motto is "Do Your Best."
UK Uniform.
The Wolf Cub uniform is a green jumper and group scarf (neckerchief), a cap, or beret for girls, with grey short trousers.
International Variations.
International sections of the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association have variations on the above, an example of which being the second line of B-PSA Ireland's Wolf Cub Promise, which is, "To do my duty to God, and to my country..."
Awards and Badges.
Wolf Cubs can earn a number of awards and badges. Upon investiture, Wolf Cubs are awarded the Tenderpad, which is worn on the left breast.
First and Second Stars.
The First and Second Stars are awarded on the completion of activities from four activity areas. These badges are worn on the cap, either side of the cap badge, and Wolf Cubs who have gained these awards are usually referred to as having their first and second eyes open.
Activity Badges.
There are twenty two award badges that can be earned by Wolf Cubs. These are the Artist, Athlete, Book Reader, Camper, Collector, Computer, Conservation, Crime Prevention, Cyclist, Entertainer, First Aider, Friendship, Gardener, Guide, Handicraft, Hobbies, House Orderly, Observer, Scientist, Sportsman, Swimmer, Visual Communicator, and the Wolf Cub Citizenship Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19743810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743810" title="DJ Arafat">
DJ Arafat

brother = TV3
DJ Arafat or Arafat Muana (, born January 26, 1986 as Ange Didier Houon), an ex-disc jockey in "Shangaï" on Princess Street ("Rue Princesse", located in Yopougon, Côte d'Ivoire), is a griot, DJ and singer from Côte d'Ivoire who makes music of the Coupé-Décalé genre. 
DJ Arafat is son of the Tina Glamour, an artist from Cote d'Ivoire.

</doc>
<doc id="19743820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743820" title="Regan Mizrahi">
Regan Mizrahi

Regan Mizrahi is an American child actor, born in New Jersey. He got his start doing commercials while he was still in diapers. He is one of three kids in show business and the son of an actress and a doctor. He is the great grandson of radio star Nat Hale. His most notable role thus far has been as the voice of Boots the Monkey in the television show "Dora the Explorer".
Regan is the founder of Young Performers Against Bullying

</doc>
<doc id="19743840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743840" title="Tina Glamour">
Tina Glamour

Tina Glamour (also known under the name of "Tina Spencer" or "Tina Spendja"), is an artist singer of the Ivory Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19743846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743846" title="Caroline Jones">
Caroline Jones

Caroline Jones AO (born Caroline Mary James, on 1 January 1938) is an Australian television journalist and social commentator.
Jones joined the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) in Canberra in 1963 and later became the first female reporter for "This Day Tonight". She then became a "Four Corners" presenter from 1972 to 1981. From 1987 to 1994 she presented a spiritually-focused radio program called "The Search For Meaning" on ABC Radio National, on which people told the stories of their lives.
Since 1996 Jones has presented the weekly biographical program "Australian Story" on the ABC.
During 1988, Jones worked alongside Aboriginal broadcasters at Central Australian Aboriginal Media Association, in Alice Springs, as they produced their first cultural and current affairs programs for television. In 1998 she was appointed an Ambassador for Reconciliation by the Council for Aboriginal Reconciliation.
Jones has won numerous media awards, including a Logie in 1972 and several Media Peace Prize Gold Citations. She was made an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1988 and in 1989 was awarded the Archbishop of Sydney Citation in recognition of her outstanding contribution to Christian ideals in radio and television. She was a foundation member of the Australian Council for the Arts, formed in 1973, as well as a foundation member of the National Films Board of Review, formed in 1971.
The National Trust of Australia voted Jones one of Australia's Living Treasures in 1997. In 2007 she was made an Honorary Doctor of Letters (DLitt) at the University of the Sunshine Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="19743858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743858" title="Roger Hutchinson (writer)">
Roger Hutchinson (writer)

Roger Hutchinson (born 1949) is a British author and journalist. Hutchinson was born at Farnworth, near Bolton, in Lancashire, but lives on Raasay, off the east coast of Skye.
Journalism.
Hutchinson worked on the London underground magazine "Oz", acting as caretaker editor while the magazine's editors were on trial for obscenity in 1971. Hutchinson went on to edit "International Times", and then the listings magazine "Time Out". In 1977 he joined the left-wing newspaper, the "West Highland Free Press", based on the Isle of Skye, where he remains a columnist. He has also served as editor of the "Stornoway Gazette".
Writings.
Hutchinson has written 14 non-fiction books. "Polly, The True Story Behind Whisky Galore" (1990) was about the SS "Politician", the ship which was wrecked on the Outer Hebrides with a cargo of whisky which inspired the book and film "Whisky Galore". He has a sister who lives in Cambridge with two children: Ben and Rosie Nelmes. It is to them that 'The Toon' is dedicated. His book on soap magnate Lord Leverhulme, "The Soap Man" (2003), was shortlisted for the Saltire Scottish Book of the Year Award. "Calum's Road" (2006), about Raasay crofter Calum MacLeod who hand-built a road to his croft, was shortlisted for the Royal Society of Literature's Ondaatje Prize.
In 2012 Hutchinson published "The Silent Weaver", the story of the Uist-raised crofter Angus MacPhee who suffered a schizophrenic breakdown during World War II and subsequently spent 50 years in Craig Dunain Psychiatric Hospital near Inverness where he developed extraordinarily skills in weaving grass taken from the hospital grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19743859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743859" title="Pallavi Joshi">
Pallavi Joshi

Pallavi Joshi is an Indian film and television actress. She is a recipient of Special Jury Award at the National Film Awards.
Career.
Pallavi started performing on sabhagriya stage at an early age. She acted in nepali & newari films like "Badla" & "Aadmi Sadak Ka" as a child artiste. She played a blind child who reforms a notorious gangster in "Dada" (1979).
In the 1980s & early 90s she acted in art films like "Rukmavati ki Haveli", "Suraj ka Satvan Ghoda", "Trishagni" (1988), "Vanchit", "Rihaee". She also played supporting character roles as a sister or the heroine's friend in commercial big budget films including "Saudagar", "Panaah", "Tehelka", "Mujrim". She was nominated for 'Best Supporting Actress' at the Filmfare Awards for her role as a handicapped girl in "Andha Yudh" (1988). She also won a Special Jury Award at the 41st National Film Awards for "Woh Chokri" (1992).
She hosts a televised singing competition "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi L'il Champs" on Zee Marathi. She appeared as Kasturba Gandhi in Shyam Benegal's "The Making of the Mahatma", (1995).
Her TV appearances include "Mr Yogi", "Bharat Ek Khoj", Justajoo, "Alpviram", "Mriganayani", "Talash" and "Imtihaan" and her most famous doordarshan serial has been "Aarohan",a youth serial based on navy.Justajoo was a weekly serial on Zee TV in 2002,which also starred Harsh Chhaya and Arpita Pandey.
She has also played a lead role in "Rita", a Marathi film directed by Renuka Shahane. She is also a producer of Marathi serials and has produced serials including Asambhav and Anubandh on Zee Marathi.
She has played the role of the central character Shantha in the critically acclaimed Malayalam movie "Ilayum Mullum" directed by K. P. Sasi in 1994.
She appeared as an anchor for "Zee Antakshari" and "Zee Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi L'il Champs". She also did some episodes of Rishtey (TV series) aired on Zee TV during 1999-2001.
Personal life.
She is married to Bollywood film maker Vivek Agnihotri and has two children. She is the sister of child actor Master Alankar (Joshi).

</doc>
<doc id="19743879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743879" title="Stomiahykidae">
Stomiahykidae

Stomiahykidae is an extinct family of prehistoric lungfishes which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19743882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743882" title="New Khmer Architecture">
New Khmer Architecture

New Khmer Architecture was an architectural movement in Cambodia during the 1950s and 1960s. The style blended elements of the Modern Movement with two distinctly Cambodian traditions: the grand tradition of Angkor, and the vernacular tradition of ordinary people's houses. Colonial architecture also had an influence, especially in the earlier years.
The movement was founded in 1953 with Cambodia's independence, reached its climax during the 1960s and came abruptly to an end in 1970 with the overthrow of Norodom Sihanouk by Gen. Lon Nol.
Historic overview.
The driving force behind the movement was Norodom Sihanouk, King (1953–1955), Prime Minister (1955–1960), Head of State (1960–1970), ruthless leader yet beloved by his people, composer, writer, poet and lyricist, filmmaker, interior designer, and patron of the arts. Starting in 1953, year of Cambodia's independence, his vision of Cambodia as a modern, developed country and an integral part of the world led him to drive an all-encompassing effort to modernize the country, from agriculture to infrastructure and industry, education to health care, tourism to the arts.
At first the foreign influences in the style were clear, but quickly the architects of the movement, many of them trained abroad, become more confident in their use of distinctly Cambodian elements, merging them seamlessly with Modern elements.
During the 1960s Phnom Penh with its many buildings in the style of New Khmer Architecture, was called the 'Pearl of the East'. During a visit to the city in the 60s, Lee Kuan Yew, Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore from 1959 to 1990, was so impressed he expressed his desire for Singapore to develop along similar lines.
The movement came abruptly to an end in 1970 with the US-backed overthrow of Norodom Sihanouk by Gen. Lon Nol.
Present and future.
Most New Khmer Architecture buildings in Phnom Penh and across the country survived the years of war and devastation remarkably intact. Some were destroyed by the Khmer Rouge: destroyed were for example all but one of the country's churches built during the 50s and 60s (only Sihanouk Ville's church survived), and the University of Kampot-Takeo.
Unfortunately ruthless liberalism and the current period of high economic growth are proving to be a much greater threat. Some buildings worth protecting, like the Preah Suramarit National Theater (which partially burned down in 1994 after a building accident) and the Council of Ministers, have already been destroyed in the rush to modernize. (Not just buildings of the 50s and 60s, but also buildings from the colonial period are threatened). Many buildings built during the period are in poor shape. The National Sports Complex is especially vulnerable. Even though it is still in regular use, a recent "renovation" was extremely superficial. The moats surrounding the stadium, integral part of the design for flood prevention, have been or are being filled with shoddy new constructions. Of the two apartment blocks on the Front de Bassac, one is in such a bad state that it is past saving; the other has been encapsulated in concrete and has lost all its distinct features. Only a few buildings in the style are in good condition and regularly used (the Chaktomuk Compound (part of the Senate), Chaktomuk Conference Hall and Chenla Theater for example).
Confounding the situation is the fact that many Cambodians, especially those in power, don't recognize the movement as distinctly Khmer. On the contrary, many – erroneously – see it as something foreign, because "it's too modern (...) and is not understood as being an expression of a vital time in Cambodia's history". Currently there are a small group of people, mainly foreigners, who are trying to raise awareness in an effort to save the remaining sites. A new generation of Cambodian architecture students are also aware of the situation.
Characteristics of the style.
There are several typical elements that characterize the style.
From the Modern movement comes the use of reinforced concrete and assertive structures.
Elements of vernacular tradition can be seen in the adaptations to the local tropical climate. Traditional Cambodian houses are usually raised on columns. This makes for an open, shaded space for social activities, creates a natural cooling effect, and the height of the building offers protection in times of floods. New Khmer Architecture often uses this approach. Other adaptations to the climate are the use of wall panels, double walls and roofs (especially the typical VVV- shaped roofs that can be found many of the buildings in the style) to prevent direct sunlight. Loggias (covered balconies and walkways) and claustras (decorative openwork) offer shade. Particular attention was often paid to the creation of natural ventilation to cool the building. Traditional houses also have an open floor plan, another theme that can be found in many New Khmer Architecture buildings. Many of them are light, white (another adaptation to climate) and open. And just like in traditional houses the building's structure is clear, in New Khmer Architecture buildings the structure is not hidden. On the contrary, it's often used as an integral part of the look of a building and forms a decorative element.
Many buildings are infused with Cambodian culture and everyday life. Sometimes elements of traditional temples are used, like multi-tiered tiled roofs, golden spires, tympani (gables) and roof ornaments. Sometimes a traditional object formed an inspiration for a design. Vann Molyvann's library at the Teacher Training College looks like a traditional straw hat. The Chaktomuk Conference Hall, also by Vann Molyvann, offers another example of the use of traditional objects as inspiration, with its fan shaped roof and golden spire.
The Angkor tradition suggested the use of moats and raised walkways. Moats are not only decorative, but also function as a water reservoir in rainy season, and work as a cooling device. The National Sports Complex and the Teacher Training College (now Institute of Foreign Languages) are prime examples of this approach.
Early in the movement colonial architecture also had an influence, but its importance waned as the architects' self-confidence grew.
Government buildings, royal residences, factories, schools and universities, health centers and hospitals, sports complexes, exhibition halls, cinemas and theaters, airports and train stations, churches, private houses and social housing projects, even stupas and monuments were built in the style. Although the most impressive examples of the style can be found in Phnom Penh, many others were completed in most of the country's provincial capitals and other towns. These buildings fitted in a more wide-ranging effort to modernize the whole country.
Most projects were funded from the national budget or private Cambodian funds, because as Sihanouk declared 'I do not want to indebt my children'. International technical assistance was accepted from the UN and foreign governments, such as the United States of America, the USSR, and China.
Important architects.
The most famous New Khmer Architect is undeniably Vann Molyvann. Other important architects were Lu Ban Hap, Chhim Sun Fong, Seng Sutheng, and Mam Sophana. Many of them were trained abroad, especially in France or the United States.
Norodom Sihanouk should not be omitted from this list; not an architect as such, he was nevertheless the driving force behind the movement. He personally supervised most projects and encouraged his architects to reach their highest possible level of achievement. He also worked as an interior designer on some buildings.
Non-Cambodian architects that nevertheless were part of the movement were Vladimir Bodiansky and Gérald Hanning (both UN experts), Henri Chatel and Leroy & Mondet.
Important buildings.
Phnom Penh
Battambang
Sihanoukville

</doc>
<doc id="19743891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743891" title="Putrajaya Corporation">
Putrajaya Corporation

Perbadanan Putrajaya (PPJ) or Putrajaya Corporation (PJC) is a local authority which administrates the Federal Territory of Putrajaya. This agency is under Federal Territories Ministry of Malaysia. PPJ are responsible for public health and sanitation, waste removal and management, town planning, environmental protection and building control, social and economic development and general maintenance functions of urban infrastructure. The PPJ main headquarters is located at Persiaran Perdana, Putrajaya.
History.
This agency was founded on 1995.
President of the PPJ.
Y.Bhg. Tan Sri Dato' Seri (Dr) Aseh Che Mat
Organisation chart.
President of the PPJ.
Y.Bhg. Tan Sri Dato' Seri (Dr) Aseh Che Mat
Secretary of the PPJ.
Y.Bhg. Datuk Mahiran Bt Md. Isa, P.M.W
Recently.
Putrajaya is now a metered parking area and Perbadanan Putrajaya will issue summons to illegal parkings and etc. All summons will be issued by the Perbadanan Putrajaya Enforcement. If any pleading is to be made please go to the pleading counter at the Perbadanan Putrajaya Building. Starting from 13 October until present.

</doc>
<doc id="19743904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743904" title="Rettai Vaal Kuruvi">
Rettai Vaal Kuruvi

 
Rettai Vaal Kuruvi (English: "Two-tailed Sparrow") is a 1987 Indian Tamil language film starring Mohan, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Archana. This film was loosely based on the 1984 Hollywood film "Micki and Maude".
Plot.
Gopi (Mohan) works in a TV station under V K Ramasamy. His wife is Tulasi(Archana) whom she knew since their early days. He meets Radhika, a singer. Love develops between them into marriage.
Gopi juggles between his two wives leading to a hilarious climax in the hospital where both wives are admitted for delivery. Finally all ends well.
The film was a moderate success and Balu Mahendra's comic sense surprised everyone because he was known for his intense films. It was also the best comedy film during the decade.It also projected Mohan as a versatile actor, who was until then known for his 'singer' roles.
TV comedy actor Murali Manohar, apparently, wrote the dialogues but was not credited for it. "Gopi Kanna, Thappu" was a famous phrase from the film, frequently said by VKR. Nadia was offered the role of the singer. She pulled out of it and Radhika eventually did it.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19743906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743906" title="Ståle Søbye">
Ståle Søbye

Ståle "Sui" Søbye (born 30 June 1971) is a retired Norwegian football (soccer) midfielder who was a two time first team All American. He spent one season in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the USL A-League.
Søbye played for Moss FK in the Norwegian Premier League in 1990, having joined the club from IL Driv. He then attended the University of San Francisco where he played on the men's soccer team from 1991 to 1994. He led the team as its creative midfielder, earning 1993 and 1994 first team All American honors. In February 2008, the University of San Francisco inducted Søbye into the school’s Athletic Hall of Fame. In 1995, he signed with the Atlanta Ruckus of the A-League. That season, Søbye and striker Lenin Steenkamp took the Ruckus the championship series where it fell to the Seattle Sounders. He returned to Moss FK in Norway for the 1996 season, played the 1997 season in the Norwegian First Division (second tier) before returning to the US in 1999 with the USL A-League San Francisco Bay Seals.

</doc>
<doc id="19743914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743914" title="Mohamad Abdul Tayyab">
Mohamad Abdul Tayyab

Dr. Mohamad Abdul Tayyab was born on 9th, February 1932. He was an outstanding cotton breeder, with many cotton varieties and hybrids to his credit, which were popular among farmers of Vidarbha.
Education and career.
After completing his course and graduating from the Agricultural College, Nagpur, Abdul Tayyab continued on as a lecturer. He joined as Research assistant in 1956, and continued as Lecturer at the . In 1968, he was promoted as the Seed Testing Officer, Assistant Professor, in 1971 and Associate Professor, in 1972 and assumed the charge of Senior Research Scientist, in 1975 under the "All India Coordinated Cotton Improvement Project" (AICCIP) at Akola, and as Senior Cotton Breeder in 1978, and continued up to 1988, and superannuated in 1990. 
After Retirement.
After retirement Abdul Tayyab worked as Professor of Botany for 2 years. He died on 15th, June, 2007. Dr Tayyab is survived by his wife, 2 sons, and 2 daughters.
-ISCI magazine, August, 2007.p. 141.

</doc>
<doc id="19743919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743919" title="Tony Green (disambiguation)">
Tony Green (disambiguation)

Tony Green is a British TV presenter.
Tony Green may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743925" title="University House, Australian National University">
University House, Australian National University

University House at the Australian National University (ANU) is the oldest residential college in ANU. It opened in 1954 for the faculty, staff, and postgraduate students of ANU. 
Currently, there are 60 doctoral students residing in its dormitory section. Parts of the House are also renovated into 150 hotel styled rooms for visitors.
The University House is also listed as a heritage site by ANU, the Royal Australian Institute of Architects and the Government of Australia and is a nominee for heritage listing by the National Trust of Australia. Currently, the University House hosts various functions, a faculty club, and serves as a hotel and residence for postgraduate students.
History.
University House was first planned in 1947. Intended at the time to hold the Schools of Social Sciences and Pacific Studies as well as a Faculty Club, library and various accommodations and offices, it was later revised to serve specifically as housing for faculty and students. The foundation stone for the building was placed in 1949. During construction, in 1950, it was decided that the University House would also hold modern art. 
The building was ceremonially opened for occupancy by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh on 16 February 1954.
In its early years, initially intended to follow the Oxbridge collegiate system, students were required to attend regular seminars and a daily formal dinner at the hall with the faculty. Since the 1970s this fashion became unpopular reflected by the reduction of students residing at the House. The Oxbridge inspired system was therefore discontinued. In 2001, the House turned parts of the building into hotel to accommodate academic guest, visiting scholars, and general public. In 2002, another residence, Graduate House, was incorporated into the University House system although separate routine and daily administration including its identity and admission remain mostly untouched.
Traditional Oxbridge formal dinner has recently revived for its member students and faculty on every Wednesday night (so called "House Dinner") but the formality is considerably relaxed to its least degree.
The University House has been the residence of notable people, including Gough Whitlam, who moved in for a brief period in 1975 after his removal from the office of Prime Minister of Australia.
Great Hall.
The Great Hall was originally the dining area for Fellows, although this use has been reduced by the creation of an adjoining restaurant, Boffins. 
The hall features are by Leonard French, who decorated the western or rostrum end with Regeneratation (1972) and was also commissioned to create The Journey series (1974) of ten paintings that also decorate the Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19743928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743928" title="Kakwa River">
Kakwa River

The Kakwa River is a tributary of the Smoky River in western Alberta, Canada.
The river is named for "Kakwa", the Cree word for porcupine. Porcupines are abundant in Kakwa Provincial Park and Protected Area.
Tourism along the river revolves around bull trout fishing and white water rafting. Kakwa Falls () are developed in the course of the river, over a high ledge formed by an outcrop of the Cadomin Formation. The area was designated a protected wildland (Kakwa Wildland Park). It can be accessed through the forestry road network south of Highway 666, approximately south of Two Lakes Provincial Park.
Course.
The Kakwa River originates in Kakwa Lake, north of McBride, in British Columbia, at an elevation of . The surrounding area is protected by Kakwa Provincial Park and Protected Area. The river flows north-east into the province of Alberta in Kakwa Wildlands Park, then flows east and north-east through the foothills. It is crossed by the Bighorn Highway before it converges into the Smoky River, at an elevation of .
Tributaries.
From its origins to its mouth, Kakwa River receives waters from:

</doc>
<doc id="19743936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743936" title="Henry Gales">
Henry Gales

Henry Gales (1834–1897) was an English painter, most well known for his portrait of the 1867 Derby Cabinet.
Biography.
Gales was born in Acle, Norfolk, England to Daniel Gales and Mary Church (Daniel's first wife). After studying in the 1850s at the Norwich School of Design, he moved to London in the 1860s.
In 1868, Gales painted "The Derby Cabinet of 1867", an oil painting on canvas depicting Prime Minister Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby, and his cabinet: Benjamin Disraeli, Richard Temple-Grenville, 3rd Duke of Buckingham and Chandos; Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford; Henry Thomas Lowry-Corry; Gathorne Gathorne-Hardy, 1st Earl of Cranbrook; Edward Henry Stanley, 15th Earl of Derby; John Pakington, 1st Baron Hampton; Stafford Northcote, 1st Earl of Iddesleigh; James Harris, 3rd Earl of Malmesbury; John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough; Richard Bourke, 6th Earl of Mayo; Charles Gordon-Lennox, 6th Duke of Richmond; John Manners, 7th Duke of Rutland; and Spencer Horatio Walpole. The portrait is said to have been painted to a design by John Gilbert. It depicts the cabinet in consultation upon the question of the 1868 Expedition to Abyssinia. "The Derby Cabinet of 1867" is in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery in London.
Gales married Sarah Richmond of Tasmania in The Stand, London, in 1869. They had one child, Lilian, born in 1871 in Westminster, London. Lilian died at the age of three in Kensington, London. Gales and his wife divorced in 1896.
Gales returned to Norfolk, exhibiting with the Norwich Art Circle during 1888 and 1889. His name also appears in "Kelly's Directory", which describes him as "private resident, artist of Acle Norfolk."
In 1897, Henry Gales died in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="19743937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743937" title="Tony Mammarella">
Tony Mammarella

Anthony (Tony) Mammarella (September 2, 1924 - November 29, 1977) was the first producer and second host of "American Bandstand".
Mammarella, a World War II veteran, started with Philadelphia television station WFIL-TV in 1947 as a switchboard operator and moved his way up to various positions in production.
In 1958, as a way of increasing his financial portfolio, he, along with Dick Clark and Bernie Binnick started Swan Records, with the first signed artist being "Dickie Doo and the Don'ts". The label would later be notable for being the first American record label for The Beatles.
Once the payola scandals of 1959 played out, ABC required anybody that dealt with music to diversify from any music interests. Clark decided to stay with ABC and Mammarella stayed with Swan.
Mammarella succumbed to metastatic lung cancer on November 29, 1977.
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia [http://broadcastpioneers.com] posthumously inducted Mammarella into their Hall of Fame in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19743942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743942" title="Scenic Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Scenic Road (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Scenic Road is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) trolley line. It is officially located near Scenic & Rolling Roads in Springfield, Pennsylvania.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania. The station has a shed with a roof where people can go inside when it is raining. Free parking is available at this station. Scenic Road is at the north end of Walsh Park, a acre Natural Environmental Center with Picnic Tables, Playground Equipment, and various athletic fields. It is also located south of Indian Rock Park, a acre Natural Environmental Park in Drexel Hill, containing picnic tables, playground equipment, basketball courts, and Darby Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="19743955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743955" title="Archaeonectes">
Archaeonectes

Archaeonectes is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19743957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743957" title="Stomiakykus">
Stomiakykus

Stomiakykus is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19743970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743970" title="Angrite">
Angrite

Angrites are a rare group of achondrites consisting mostly of the mineral augite with some olivine, anorthite and troilite. The group is named for the Angra dos Reis meteorite.
Angrites are basaltic rocks, often having porosity, with vesicle diameters of up to .
They are the oldest igneous rocks, with crystallization ages of around 4.55 billion years.
Origin.
By comparing the reflectance spectra of the angrites to that of several main belt asteroids, two potential parent bodies have been identified: 289 Nenetta and 3819 Robinson. Other scientists have suggested that angrites could represent ejecta from Mercury.
Notable meteorites.
There are currently 12 meteorites classified as angrites. The type specimen, the Angra dos Reis meteorite, was an observed fall in 1869 and at is the fourth heaviest angrite. The three largest are D'Orbigny (), "Sahara 99555" () and "NWA 4931" with .

</doc>
<doc id="19744023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744023" title="Samaun Samadikun">
Samaun Samadikun

Born on April 15, 1931 in Magetan, Indonesia, Samaun Samadikun was an accomplished Indonesian scientist, professor, engineer and educator.
Career.
He had diplomas in Electrical Engineering and Nuclear Engineering.
He became a full professor of Electronics Engineering in 1974. He was chairman of the Electrical Engineering Department at Bandung Institute of Technology, and later chairman of the Indonesian Institute of Sciences, among other positions he held at universities and with the government. He received a number of awards.
Samadikun held a patent (US Patent No 3,888,708), along with his colleague at Stanford University, K.D Wise, for the Method for forming regions of predetermined in silicon in 1975.
Vision.
In 1970's, he proposed to Indonesian government and industries at the time to do research and development of microelectronic devices domestically. His proposal and dream never got realized until his death. During his life, he was never tired to dream that someday there would be chip fabrication industries built in Indonesia. He was also active in the planning of Bandung High Tech Valley (BHTV) which tries to replicate the success of California's Silicon Valley in Indonesia.
Personal life.
In 2004, Samadikun felt ill but went on surgery successfully in Perth, Australia in October 2004. After his return from Perth, he went back to continue to work at Bandung Institute of Technology as chief scientist and researcher. He suffered from the same health problem in September 2006 and after underwent intensive health care for some time, he died on November 15, 2006 at 9:51 AM at MMC Hospital due to brain cancer in Jakarta and buried the next day at the "Taman Makam Pahlawan" Kalibata after staying at LIPI Jakarta.
He was married to Roesdiningish with two sons.
One is called Samawi Samadikun, and a grandson named Samarfi Samadikun who's studying at Mentari International School. 

</doc>
<doc id="19744033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744033" title="Boris Cyrulnik">
Boris Cyrulnik

Boris Cyrulnik (birth 26 July 1937 in Bordeaux) is a French doctor, ethologist, neurologist, and psychiatrist.
Being of Jewish origin, he was entrusted to protection from a foster family. In 1943 he was taken with adults in a nazi-led capture in Bordeaux. He avoided detention by hiding for a while in the restrooms and later being hidden from Nazi searches as a working boy under the false name "Jean laborde" in a farm until the end of the war. His survival of nazi destruction motivated his career into psychiatry. Both his parents were arrested and murdered during World War II. He studied medicine at the University of Paris. He wrote several books of popular science on psychology. He is known in France for developing and explaining to the public the concept of Psychological resilience.
He is a professor at the University of the South, Toulon-Var.
He was awarded the 2008 Prix Renaudot de l'essai.

</doc>
<doc id="19744045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744045" title="Nicholas Bourbon">
Nicholas Bourbon

Nicholas Bourbon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19744050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744050" title="Pitchoff Mountain">
Pitchoff Mountain

Pitchoff Mountain is a mountain opposite Cascade Mountain on NY 73 west of Keene Valley in Essex County, New York, in the US. There are two summits; the higher summit is viewless, but the northern summit, at offers 360 degree views of the nearby Cascade Lakes, the High Peaks of the Adirondacks, and, in clear weather, the Green Mountains of Vermont. There is a hiking trail that starts on Route 73 west of the Cascade Lakes, climbs to the blind summit, then traverses the nearly two-mile summit ridge to the northern summit before descending to Route 73 east of the Lakes, east of the starting point.

</doc>
<doc id="19744055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744055" title="I kantonnement">
I kantonnement

I kantonnement is a 1932 Danish silent comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.. It features the acting debut of Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19744057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744057" title="Invités Surprises">
Invités Surprises

Invités Surprises (English: "Guests surprised") is a comic film of Côte d'Ivoire issued in 2008, directed by Mike Yoboué.
Plot.
Mr. and Mrs. Kalou organize the birthday of their daughter, imagined as a small ceremony with five guests. The five guests envisaged become twenty, Gohou (the president of the young people of the district), Abass and another friends will sow the discord.
All the scenes of film are held in the house of the Kalou couple.

</doc>
<doc id="19744076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744076" title="Chintamani (1937 film)">
Chintamani (1937 film)

Chintamani () is a 1937 Tamil-language film directed by Y. V. Rao starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Serugulathur Sama and Aswathamma. It was the first Tamil film to run for a year in a single theatre.
Production.
"Chintamani" was a popular play which had been performed in many languages. First, a silent film was made based on the play, then talkies based on it were made in Bengali, Hindi and Telugu. In 1937, a Tamil version of the film was directed by film-maker Y. V. Rao under the banner of Royal Talkies, owned by yarn merchants of Madurai.
Casting.
Initially, the director Y. V. Rao, wanted to play Bilwamangal's role himself. However, he changed his mind and acted as Bilwamangal's companion Manoharan. Serugulathur Sama was another contender for the main role. But, Rao rejected him in favor of M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar who was signed to play the part. In the initial stages, more publicity was given to the Kannada actress Aswathamma who played Chintamani's role than M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar. Her name was mentioned above that of Bhagavathar's in the credits.
Plot.
"Chintamani" was based on the legendary story of a Sanskrit poet and devotee of Lord Krishna named Bilwamangal (M. K. Thyragaraja Bhagavathar). Bilwamangal, a resident of Varanasi, was a Sanskrit scholar, who gets infatuated towards a courtesan called Chintamani (Aswathamma), a woman of ill-fame. As a result he deserts his wife. However, Chintamani is an ardent devotee of Lord Krishna (Serugalathur Sama) and spends most of her time singing "bhajans" in praise of Lord Krishna. His attraction towards Chintamani eventually draws Bilwamangal closer towards Lord Krishna and transforms his life forever. Bilwangal, himself, becomes a devotee of Lord Krishna and pens a monumental Sanskrit work "Sri Krishna Karnamritam".
Release and reception.
"Chintamani" was released on 12 March 1937 and became one of the most acclaimed films of early Tamil cinema. Though Bhagavathar's first film "Pavalakkodi" had achieved some success, it was "Chintamani" that made Bhagavathar into a successful actor. It had an uninterrupted theatrical run of more than a year. It was one of the two films of Bhagavathar, released in 1937 (the other one was "Ambikapathy") which ran for more than a year. It also marked the debut in Tamil for Kannada actress Aswathamma who played the title role. Aswathamma acted in one more Tamil movie before her untimely death in 1939 due to tuberculosis.
With the substantial profits obtained from the movie, the owners of Royal Talkies constructed a theatre in Madurai and named it "Chintamani". The Tamil writer Kalki wrote that the film has made such an impact on the viewers that the housewife would sing the song "Mayaprapanchattil" from the movie while preparing coffee in the morning and her husband would sing "Rathey unakku kobam" in order to please his sweetheart.
The gramophone discs of "Chintamani" were also popular though M.K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar did not sing the songs that were featured in them as he was not under contract with Saraswathi Stores which produced the records. Instead, the songs were sung by Thuraiyur Rajagopala Sarma. It continues to have an impact on Sinhala film music to this day.
Writing in "Eelakesari" magazine in April 1938, Pudumaipithan praised the film as follows:
Soundtrack.
Partial list of Songs from "Chintamani":

</doc>
<doc id="19744097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744097" title="Sersic profile">
Sersic profile

The Sérsic profile (or Sérsic model or Sérsic's law) is a mathematical function that describes how the intensity formula_1 of a galaxy varies with distance formula_2 from its center. It is a generalization of de Vaucouleurs' law. J. L. Sérsic first published his law in 1963.
Definition.
The Sérsic profile has the form
where formula_4 is the intensity at formula_5. 
The parameter formula_6, called the "Sérsic index," controls the degree of curvature of the profile (see figure). The smaller the value of formula_6, the less centrally concentrated the profile is 
and the shallower (steeper) the logarithmic slope at small (large) radii is: 
Applications.
Most galaxies are fit by Sérsic profiles with indices in the range 1/2 < "n" < 10.
The best-fit value of "n" correlates with galaxy size and luminosity, such that bigger and brighter galaxies tend to be fit with larger "n".
Setting "n" = 4 gives the de Vaucouleurs profile:
which is a good description of giant elliptical galaxies.
Setting "n" = 1 gives the exponential profile:
which is a good description of spiral galaxy disks and dwarf elliptical galaxies. The correlation of Sérsic index (i.e. galaxy concentration) with galaxy morphology is sometimes used in automated schemes to determine the Hubble type of distant galaxies. Sérsic indices have also been shown to correlate with the mass of the supermassive black hole at the centers of the galaxies. 
Sérsic profiles provide the best current description of dark matter halos, and the Sérsic index correlates with halo mass.
Generalizations of the Sérsic profile.
The brightest elliptical galaxies often have low-density cores that are not well described by Sérsic's law. The "core-Sérsic" family of models was introduced by A. Graham "et al."
Dwarf elliptical galaxies sometimes have pointlike nuclei that are also not well described by Sérsic's law. These galaxies are often fit by a Sérsic model with an added central component representing the nucleus.
The Einasto profile is mathematically identical to the Sérsic profile, except that formula_1 is replaced by formula_12, the space density, and formula_2 is replaced by formula_14, the true (not projected) distance from the center.

</doc>
<doc id="19744106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744106" title="Daniel Melo">
Daniel Melo

Daniel Melo (born July 4, 1977 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a former professional tennis player from Brazil. He is the older brother of Marcelo Melo, also a tennis player.
Melo has won one ATP Tour title, 2001 Brasil Open doubles title when, together with Enzo Artoni, he defeated the players Gastón Etlis and Brent Haygarth in the final (6–3, 1–6, 7–6(5)).

</doc>
<doc id="19744107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744107" title="Han, hun og Hamlet">
Han, hun og Hamlet

Han, hun og Hamlet is a 1932 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr.

</doc>
<doc id="19744112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744112" title="Enno Brandrøk">
Enno Brandrøk

Enno "Brandrøk" Tronds (1538–1571) was a nobleman, mercenary and adventurer, son of Norwegian-born privateer and admiral Kristoffer Trondson. The origin of his nickname "Brandrøk" ("brand" = fire, "røk" = smoke) is uncertain, but may have originated from his mercenary career.
Biography.
Early years.
Born in East Frisia, in present day Germany, Enno was named after Count Enno II, whom his father was serving under at the time. In 1542 when he was about 4 years old he and his family probably moved to Denmark were they lived at Æbelholt Abbey.
When he was about 12 years old, in 1550, he was placed at Maurice, Elector of Saxony to be fully trained as a nobleman, and already as a 15-year old he participated in Maurice' service in the Battle of Sievershausen. Enno was during this battle captured and put in prison for a year, and his mentor Maurice was killed. When he was set free from prison he travelled to Hungary where he joined the Habsburg in the wars against the Turks.
Mercenary career.
After his family had been ennobled in 1557 he went overseas as a Landsknecht. He served in the Spanish Armada at the Battle of St. Quentin during the war between Philip II of Spain and Henry II of France.
He, as well as his father Kristoffer, was also present in the military campaign towards Dithmarschen. They both were also present at the coronation of Frederick II of Denmark. Not long after Enno again travelled abroad and fought wars, still as a Landsknecht, in England and Scotland. Later he came back to Denmark and served Frederick II during the Northern Seven Years' War. His father also fought in this war as an Admiral of the Royal Dano-Norwegian Navy.
When the war was over he travelled to Copenhagen, complaining about his position. He requested the Danish king Frederick II to be promoted, as his father had been. But as the king lacked trust in Enno, probably knowing that he was untrustworthy and only served for money and adventure, he would not give him what he asked. After the rejection Enno was greatly upset, complaining that the king had exploited him and his family.
Retreat to Sweden.
When his father died in 1565 the rest of his family moved back to Norway, however Enno would still stay in Denmark. Now Enno expected to get some of the titles after his father, however Frederick II still refused to promote him. Enno was so upset that he travelled back to his family in Western Norway, and in 1567 he decided to travel to Sweden where he offered his services to the king Eric XIV who greeted Enno with open arms.
Enno tried to give the king the impression that Norwegians were so displeased with the Danish rule that they would rather be willing to succumb to Sweden. To add to his credibility he had also made his cousin Johannes Lauritsson, of the noble Galte family, join him. After some time he sent his cousin back to Norway with a letter for the nobility, describing great hostilities and even saying they should kill as many Danes as possible. Many noblemen who had received Enno's letter went to the lord of Bergenhus, Erik Rosenkrantz, trying to claim their innocence.
Johannes Lauritsson who had brought the letter to Norway was captured and set to be executed. However he was set free after paying 100 daler. This was probably thanks to Enno's sister Anna Tronds and Enno's cousin Erik Rosenkrantz. Eventually the Swedish king Eric XIV understood that what Enno had claimed were merely lies and wild fantasies, and his friendship with the Swedish king was now over. After one year in prison he joined the king's brothers John and Charles, however, in the autumn of 1569, he robbed a fortune of money, gold and gemstones from Charles treasury at Gripsholm Castle. After this, Charles had a search after Enno throughout all of Europe, were Enno lived a high life under a false title as Count.
Escape through Europe.
The escape first brought Enno to Danzig, where he married a beautiful trader's-daughter, and further through Germany and France, all the way to Nice. When he came back to Antwerpen in 1571, he was finally arrested, but thanks to his charm and charlatan abilities, he could continue with a life of luxury, even inside the prison. From inside prison he also made connections to several prominent persons, all the way up to the governor of Habsburg Netherlands and Duke of Alba, Fernando Álvarez de Toledo.
Some time later, the Swedes succeeded in establishing torture as a legal method of punishment, and with help of the prison warden he escaped from prison and lived more than half a year as a free man. During this time he committed thre counts of manslaughter. These murders brought him into captivity of the Duke of Clevesborg Angermund at Düsseldorf, where he was put up for trial in January 1572. Immediately after the trial, Enno was tortured by breaking wheel and finally executed by decapitation.
Family.
Perhaps as a result of his turbulent life, he never had any children, even though he got married to Anne Marie de Wittersheim in his later years.

</doc>
<doc id="19744119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744119" title="1996 Marbella Open – Singles">
1996 Marbella Open – Singles

Sjeng Schalken was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Marc-Kevin Goellner won in the final 7–6(7–4), 7–6(7–2) against Àlex Corretja.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19744138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744138" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Macedonia">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Macedonia

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to the Republic of Macedonia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Macedonia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Skopje.

</doc>
<doc id="19744147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744147" title="Ælfflæd of Mercia (II)">
Ælfflæd of Mercia (II)

Ælfflæd was the daughter of Ceolwulf I of Mercia, and later married Wigmund of Mercia. Their son, Wigstan of Mercia, inherited the throne in 840 but, declining the kingship, appointed his mother as regent. She was deposed from this position by Beorhtwulf of Mercia. Ælfflæd should not be confused with her earlier Mercian namesake, Ælfflæd, the daughter of Offa of Mercia.

</doc>
<doc id="19744166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744166" title="Euromoney">
Euromoney

Euromoney is an English-language monthly magazine focused on business and finance. First published in 1969, it is the flagship production of Euromoney Institutional Investor plc.
"Euromoney" covers global banking, macroeconomics and capital markets, including debt and equity.
The magazine features comment, profiles and interviews with chief executives and senior figures in finance.
"Euromoney" publishes the Euromoney Awards for Excellence, with an annual awards event recognising the top banks in the world. It also publishes awards for Central Banker of the Year and Finance Minister of the Year.
Euromoney has a set of industry-specific publications under the flagship magazine, including 
Euromoney Market Data, Euromoney Country Risk and the 
Global Private Banking Review.
Euromoney publishes over 24 surveys awards and league tables a year. These include the Euromoney Private Banking Survey, Euromoney FX Survey and the Euromoney Cash Management Survey.
History.
"Euromoney" was first published in 1969 by Sir Patrick Sergeant. It is part of Euromoney Institutional Investor, an international business-to-business media group focused primarily on the international finance industry. The group became a public company in 1986, and is listed on the London Stock Exchange as Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC.
Sir Patrick Sergeant continued to manage the business until 1985 and remains as co-president of the company. Daily Mail and General Trust plc is the largest shareholder in the company. DGMT’s principal shareholder, Jonathan Harmsworth, 4th Viscount Rothermere, is co-president of Euromoney Institutional Investor.
Surveys and Awards.
Euromoney Private Banking Survey.
Published each February, Euromoney's Global Private Banking Survey, asks global private banks to identify the top providers of competitive and non-competitive services. The survey draws data from performance figures and nominations by bankers. Data is collected on a regional and country-level basis.
The winner of the 2013 Global Private Banking Survey was UBS. Credit Suisse was runner-up, with JPMorgan Chase third.
The Private Banking Review is a special publication displaying data and result analysis from the Global Private Banking Survey.
The Euromoney FX Survey.
The Euromoney Foreign Exchange Survey is a quantitative and qualitative annual study of the FX markets published in May. The survey is conducted electronically over six weeks in January and February. Its key focus is client price-taking activity in an unregulated over-the-counter market without aggregated global statistics. 
Deutsche Bank was ranked top in the 2013 survey, for the ninth year in a row.
The Euromoney Awards for Excellence.
The Euromoney Awards for Excellence single out financial institutions for 25 global awards in banking and capital markets, as well as the best banks and securities houses in nearly 100 countries.
The awards have run since 1992 and take place in July. Wells Fargo was the winner of Best Bank for 2013 
The Euromoney Cash Management Survey.
The Euromoney Cash Management Survey evaluates cash managers, treasurers and financial officers worldwide.
Responders indicate which three banks they use most for their cash management services, and rate their lead cash manager on a sliding scale of one (equals very poor) to seven (equals excellent) across various service categories. The survey received 20,762 valid responses in its 2012 edition.
HSBC was voted top international cash manager (ICM) in the 2012 survey, published in October, breaking a five-year spell of dominance by Citigroup.
Industry-specific publications.
Euromoney Market Data.
Euromoney Market Data is an online service that allows its users to analyse, download and distribute data from the Euromoney FX Survey in a time series from 2007 through to 2011. Users can view results granularity by client type, client geographic location and client service priorities. 
Euromoney Market Data contains results for bank volume and market share, bank qualitative ratings and consumer preferences.
Euromoney Country Risk.
Euromoney Country Risk allows users to access live data from Euromoney's country risk survey. Published semi-annually since 1993, the survey uses economists’ assessments of political, economic and structural risk to provide country rankings for 186 markets worldwide. 
Data includes bank stability, monetary policy/currency stability, corruption and institutional risk.
The survey assesses qualitative factors: economic risk, political risk and structural risk. It also assesses quantitative factors – access to bank finance/capital markets and debt indicators – plus credit ratings.
As of January 2013, Norway was ranked as the least risky country with a score of 89.87 out of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="19744167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744167" title="Tim Chey">
Tim Chey

Timothy A. Chey is a feature film writer and director of "Fakin' Da Funk", "Gone", "", "Suing the Devil", and "The Genius Club".
Biography.
Chey studied law at Boston University and Harvard University, attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and then got accepted to the prestigious USC Film School as an undergrad.
Personal life.
Chey is a devout Evangelical Christian. When not making films, Chey is active in helping with prison ministries, nursing home ministries, and evangelizing. Chey worked as an entertainment lawyer for 2 years.
Career.
In 1997, he wrote and directed "Fakin' Da Funk" about a Chinese boy growing up in an African-American neighbourhood, starring among others Pam Grier, Bo Jackson, and Nell Carter, for USA Networks. The film was nominated for the Golden Starfish Award at the 1997 Hamptons International Film Festival and won the Audience Award at the 1997 Urbanworld Film Festival. 
In 2002, Chey finished the feature film "Gone", a movie about three lawyers who deal with the Rapture. While working with films at USC, Chey was the recipient of the prestigious ‘Spirit of the Independent’ award for Best Director.
In 2004, Chey flew around the world to make the feature documentary "Impact: The Passion of the Christ" that looked at the impact of the movie The Passion of the Christ around the world. "Impact" had its debut in Dallas at the American Film Renaissance festival, was released in theaters in the Sacramento-area in December 2004 and went to video shortly thereafter; it was met by mixed reviews, from both explicitly Christian and liberal reviewers.
In 2006, he finished writing and directing The Genius Club, starring Stephen Baldwin, Tom Sizemore, Jack Scalia, and Paula Jai Parker. In 2008, he finished his 5th film, 'Live Fast, Die Young,' about an A-list star who dies at a Hollywood party and a group of 10 Hollywood insiders seeking redemption in the aftermath.

</doc>
<doc id="19744170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744170" title="Longombas">
Longombas

Longombas are a duo from Kenya performing a mixture of Hip hop and Soukous.
Career.
The group consists of two brothers, Christian and Lovy Longomba. They're from a musical family; father Lovy Longomba was a member of Super Mazembe, while their grandfather Vicky Longomba was a member of TPOK Jazz. France-based Congolese musician Awilo Longomba is their uncle. 
The group entered Kenyan music scene in 2002 with their song "Dondosa", which became a national hit. Follow-up singles were "Piga Makofi", "Shika More" and "Vuta Pumz". Their debut album "Chukua" was released in 2005 by Ogopa DJ's. In 2003 they had left Ogopa DJ's record label together with Deux Vultures and Mr. Googz & Vinnie Banton, and formed an own label, "Bad Man Camp". Deux Vultures and Longombas, however, later returned to Ogopa 
They performed at the 2006 Channel O Music Video Awards in South Africa. The group later relocated from Kenya to Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="19744173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744173" title="5 raske piger">
5 raske piger

5 raske piger is a 1933 Danish comedy film directed by A. W. Sandberg and starring Karina Bell.

</doc>
<doc id="19744174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744174" title="Captain Spanky's Showboat">
Captain Spanky's Showboat

"Captain Spanky's Show Boat" is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 183rd "Our Gang" short (184th episode, 95th talking short, 96th talking episode, and 15th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Once again, the gang stages an elaborate musical show in Spanky's backyard. Angered over the fact that Alfalfa has been chosen as the show's singing star, bully Tommy Butch sneaks backstage with the intention of sabotaging the production. But Butch is hoisted on his own petard, and the show goes on as scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="19744175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744175" title="Helminthoglypta nickliniana">
Helminthoglypta nickliniana

Helminthoglypta nickliniana, common name "Nicklin's Peninsula snail" or "Coast Range shoulderband" is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae. 
This snail is endemic to the United States. 
Anatomy.
This species creates and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19744188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744188" title="Swansea Bay (region)">
Swansea Bay (region)

The Swansea Bay area of Wales is located north of the sea area of Swansea Bay. The term Swansea Bay is used by the Welsh Assembly Government for policy planning purposes as well as by a number of other organisations.
The boundaries of Swansea Bay are defined in the Welsh Assembly Government's Spatial Plan Data Project. In the Wales Spatial Plan, Swansea Bay includes all of the unitary authorities of Swansea and Neath Port Talbot and parts of Carmarthenshire, Powys and Bridgend county borough. The area is also a Travel to Work Area, which was defined in 2007. The Wales Spatial Plan identifies twenty-one key settlements in the area:
The population in the region as of 2007 is approximately 561,900.
Development areas.
Welsh Assembly Government supported developments:
Swansea Bay city region.
The whole of Swansea Bay was being touted as a future city region that would have the city of Swansea as its focus but also include the urban settlements contiguous to Swansea; these would be Llanelli, Neath, Port Talbot, Ystradgynlais and Ammanford. The predicted size of this new city region is around 700,000 people who would live within 30 minutes drive from the centre of Swansea.
Following a Welsh Government commissioned report recommending the creation of the city regtion in July 2012, the Swansea Bay city region was established on 18 July 2013. The city region would include the local authorities of Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire, Neath Port Talbot and Swansea.

</doc>
<doc id="19744193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744193" title="Sibin">
Sibin

Sibin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19744211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744211" title="Michel Bohiri">
Michel Bohiri

Michel Bohiri is an Ivorian actor. He was one of the main actors in the long-running television series "Ma Famille" ("My Family"). He became known throughout Africa for his work on the series. He left the show in 2007 to work with 225 Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="19744221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744221" title="Afterburn (roller coaster)">
Afterburn (roller coaster)

Afterburn is a steel inverted roller coaster at the Carowinds amusement park in the United States. The ride was added in 1999 after more than two years of planning and construction. The ride operated under the ownership of Paramount Parks as Top Gun: The Jet Coaster, before it was renamed Afterburn under Cedar Fair's ownership.
Designed by Bolliger & Mabillard, Afterburn stands tall and reaches speeds of . The track is navigated in under three minutes. The ride has generally been well received, featuring several times in the Golden Ticket Awards' Top 50 Steel Roller Coasters.
History.
In early 1997, Paramount's Carowinds began consultations with roller coaster manufacturer Bolliger & Mabillard about adding a new ride to their park. During 18 months of discussions, several designs and themes for the ride were developed, including theming it to the "Godzilla" franchise. In July 1998, the park announced the addition of Top Gun: The Jet Coaster for the 1999 season. At a cost of $10.5 million, it would be the single biggest investment in the park's history. The announcement followed Paramount Parks adding "Top Gun"-themed inverted and suspended roller coasters to several of their parks throughout the 1990s, including Paramount's Great America, Paramount Canada's Wonderland, and Paramount's Kings Island. To construct the attraction at Carowinds, the park's Bayern Kurve ride, Wild Bull, had to be removed. The park intended to keep the ride in storage for a potential relocation elsewhere within the park. The removal of Wild Bull shortened construction time because no trees or buildings had to be removed. Construction began in late July 1998, with the first track arriving in August. Testing was completed in January 1999.
Top Gun: The Jet Coaster soft opened to guests and media on March 16, 1999. Riders of the first cycle included NASCAR drivers Stanton Barrett, Tony Stewart, Jerry Nadeau, and Kenny Wallace. The ride officially opened to the public on March 20, 1999. On July 1, 2006, the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company announced their acquisition of all of the Paramount Parks, including Carowinds. The aforementioned Top Gun roller coasters at other parks were all renamed to Flight Deck by the 2008 season, with Carowinds' installation being renamed to Afterburn. For the 2014 season, the ride's 15th season, Afterburn will receive a new coat of paint.
Characteristics.
The Afterburn stands tall. The ride features a total of six inversions including a vertical loop, an Immelmann loop, a zero-g roll, a batwing, and a corkscrew. Riders over achieve a top speed of on the two-minute forty-seven second ride. Afterburn operates with two trains featuring eight cars. Each car seats riders four across, for a total of 32 riders per train. The theoretical hourly capacity of the ride is 1,380 riders.
To match the original Top Gun theme, the ride's area was designed to feel like a military base. The main queue was housed in a hangar with a two-third scale F14 Tomcat fighter. Guests enter the ride area by passing through the batwing element.
Ride experience.
As the train leaves the station, a recorded message, "Clear for Takeoff" is played. Afterburn then climbs its chain lift hill, reaching a peak height of . After a small pre-drop, the roller coaster train then drops to the right to enter its first inversion, a vertical loop. It then remains low to the ground as it enters an Immelmann loop, which sends the train in the opposite direction. The train then climbs up and spins through a zero-g roll, an inverting element where riders experience the feeling of weightlessness. The exit of the inversion dives back to the ground, entering the two-inversion batwing element which crosses under the park's rear entrance in the process.
As Afterburn exits the batwing, it climbs through a camelback hill, before entering its final inversion, a corkscrew to the right. The train then begins a 270-degree climbing helix to the left, after which it reaches the ride's brake run and returns to the station.
Reception.
Afterburn has been well received. Arthur Levine of About.com stated the ride "is among the best inverted coasters" he's ridden, giving the ride a 4 out of 5 rating. Levine praises the ride for the lack of headbanging that results from over-the-shoulder-restraints (OTSR) on many roller coasters. The Coaster Critic describes the "pacing and order of inversions near perfect", giving the ride an "excellent" rating of 9 out of 10.
Afterburn has appeared in "Amusement Today"s annual Golden Ticket Awards several times. It debuted at position 18 in 1999, before disappearing from the poll for the three years to follow. The ride returned to the poll, before hitting a low of 45 in 2012.
In Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Afterburn entered at position 12 in 1999, before slowly declining to a low of 41 in 2012. The ride's ranking in subsequent polls is shown in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19744231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744231" title="Nicholas Bourbon (the younger)">
Nicholas Bourbon (the younger)

Nicolas Bourbon (1574, Vendeuvre-sur-Barse - 6 August 1644, Paris) was a French clergyman and neo-Latin poet. He wrote in Latin under the name of Nicolaus Borbonius, and under the pseudonyms Horatius Gentilis and Petrus Mola.
Son of a doctor, he studied under political satirist and poet Jean Passerat. Bourbon then held a professorship at the Collège de France and was admitted into the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri in 1630. He was elected the second occupant of Académie française seat 29 in 1637.

</doc>
<doc id="19744239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744239" title="Les Filles de Caleb">
Les Filles de Caleb

Les Filles de Caleb is a Quebec TV series of 20 one-hour episodes, created by Jean Beaudin, based on the eponymous novel of Arlette Cousture, broadcast in 1990 on Radio-Canada and repeated in 2006 on Prise 2.
Plot.
The series takes place in Mauricie, in the Province of Quebec, at the end of the 19th century and at the beginning of the 20th century. The daughter of Caleb Bordeleau, Émilie, decides to continue her studies. She faces great opposition from her small minded entourage, but becomes a school teacher. Falling in love with one of her students, the adventurer Ovila Pronovost, she is torn between her teacher's vocation and her love for Ovila. The families of Bordeleau and of Pronovost are anxious of the alliance of these two lovers, in passions so difficult to reconcile. After their marriage, Émilie chooses to bring up only their family. They move to Shawinigan and have a lot of children. Ovila, always attracted by the big areas, leaves the family to go to live in Abitibi, recently opened to colonisation, with the opportunities of hunt and of hatch which it represents.

</doc>
<doc id="19744254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744254" title="Helminthoglypta tudiculata">
Helminthoglypta tudiculata

Helminthoglypta tudiculata, common names the "Southern California shoulderband" or "Southern shoulderband", is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae. 
This snail is endemic to the United States. 
Anatomy.
This species creates and uses love darts as part of its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19744255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744255" title="Behind the Rising Sun (film)">
Behind the Rising Sun (film)

Behind the Rising Sun is a 1943 American war film based on the 1941 book "Behind the Rising Sun" written by James R. Young. Later-blacklisted Edward Dmytryk directed the film, and it stars Margo, Tom Neal, J. Carrol Naish, Robert Ryan and Gloria Holden.
Plot.
The film's opening scene is set in 1943 Japan. Reo Seki (J. Carrol Naish) is presented with the ashes of his dead son, Taro Seki (Tom Neal), and blames himself for the death.
The story flashes back to 1936 when Taro Seki returns to Japan after studying in America, with plans to work for an American engineer, Clancy O'Hara (Don Douglas). Taro falls in love with Clancy's secretary, Tama Shimamura (Margo) and they plan to marry. His father does not accept their marriage because Tama is not from a respectable family. Taro is then drafted to the war in China. Tama and Taro write frequent letters to each other and Tama attempts to show Reo Seki all the letters Taro has sent but he refuses to see them or have anything to do with his son. 
Meanwhile in China, Taro experiences the brutality of war and witnesses the cruelty of the Japanese to the poor in China. He is told to accept it by a higher-ranked officer. Sara Braden (Gloria Holden) is an American reporter in China as well as Clancy O'Hara's girlfriend, and she complains to Taro about the violence that the Japanese soldiers are showing towards others. Taro, remembering what the higher-ranked officer had told him, shrugs it off. Outraged, Sara tells him that the war has changed him. 
Tama and Reo receive news that Taro is coming home and arrange for a celebration with Clancy, Boris (George Givot) and Max (Wolfgang Zilzer). When Taro arrives, he is different. Reo explains that he has arranged for Tama to be adopted into a respectable family and will allow them to marry. But then, Sara comes in and tells everyone about the children that Taro let die in China to which Tama is in shock. Clancy comments on the Japanese which angers Taro and he demands a fight. They both choose a proxy; Clancy brings American Lefty O'Doyle (Robert Ryan) and Taro chooses a Japanese judo expert (Mike Mazurki). Lefty O'Doyle wins and the judo wrestler is killed for the shame he has brought on the Emperor. Clancy warns Tama that Sara was right, Taro has changed but she has arranged an outing to the countryside to see her parents for the last time before her adoption. 
When they arrive in the countryside, Tama finds out that her younger sister has been sold in order for her parents to attain more money for Tama and her wedding. Tama begs for Taro to buy back her younger sister and he agrees. Reo warns Clancy that he should leave Japan immediately and return to America because he knows that they will attack Pearl Harbor. Back in the countryside, Taro has now heard news of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Emperor's call to all his men and leaves the country home. Tama asks if he will save her sister in Tokyo but he replies that there is no time for personal issues when the Emperor is in their need and that her sister was a noble sacrifice. Tama returns to Tokyo in search of her sister but is taken to prison under suspicion of being a spy for working under Clancy. A year later, Taro, now in the air corps regiment, testifies against Tama, Clancy and Sara saying that he was "suspicious of them from the first time he met them". Soon after, Clancy proposes to Sara and there is an American bombing raid on Tokyo in which Reo attempts to save Tama, Clancy and Sara but Tama refuses at last minute. At the same time, Taro's plane is hit and he dies.
The film ends with a return to the opening scene. Reo repudiates the Emperor and then commits suicide through seppuku/hara-kiri (stomach cutting) in hope that his own death will bring the people of Japan back to their senses.
Reception.
The film was enormously popular and earned RKO a profit of $1.48 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19744257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744257" title="MV Carolyn Chouest">
MV Carolyn Chouest

MV "Carolyn Chouest" is a chartered submarine support ship for the United States Navy assigned to the Special Missions Program to support "NR-1", the deep submergence craft. She towed "NR-1" between work areas, served as a floating supply warehouse and provided quarters for extra crew until the "NR-1" was removed from service in 2008.
Operational history.
In 1995, Dr. Robert Ballard used the "Carolyn Chouest" and its sub the "NR-1", to explore the wreck of , the sister ship of , which sank off the coast of Greece while serving as a hospital ship during World War I.
November 1999, "Carolyn Chouest" assisted recovery efforts after the EgyptAir Flight 990 airplane crash south of Nantucket, Massachusetts. She provided underwater mapping of the debris field using the side-scan sonar and recorded underwater video of the site with the ROV "Magnum".
February 2002, "NR-1" and "Carolyn Chouest" helped archeologists to chart the , the Navy's first ironclad warship, as she rests below the sea.
October 2004, "Carolyn Chouest" helped tow back to Faslane, after a fire on board the Canadian submarine killed one crewman and injured two, off Ireland.
December 2006, the fast-attack submarine, resurfaced during sea trials after a 25-year-old Portsmouth Naval Shipyard employee began having neurological problems. He was safely transferred to "Carolyn Chouest" and continued to receive treatment from "Pittsburgh"s corpsman until evacuated by a Coast Guard helicopter.
March 2007, "NR-1" and "Carolyn Chouest" under the direction of oceanographer Robert Ballard began mapping the Flower Garden Banks National Marine Sanctuary to help scientists determine where early Americans might have lived when, at the height of the last ice age, sea levels were nearly lower than they are today.

</doc>
<doc id="19744283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744283" title="Emiliyan Stanev">
Emiliyan Stanev

Emiliyan Stanev () was the pseudonym of Nikola Stoyanov Stanev (Никола Стоянов Станев, 28 February 1907–15 March 1979), a 20th-century Bulgarian prose writer.
Stanev was born in Veliko Tarnovo in 1907 and spent his childhood in Tarnovo and Elena, where he long lived with his family. From an early age, his father would take him to his hunting outings in the open, which had an impact on Stanev's later work, where nature is often described. In 1928, he finished the Elena high school as a private student and moved to Sofia, where he studied painting under Tseno Todorov. In the 1930s, he enrolled in Finances and Credit in Sofia University. In 1932–1944, he was an office worker of the Capital Municipality and in 1945 he was the director of the hunting reserve in the village of Bukovets.
Stanev published his first works in 1931. He was active in a number of magazines and newspapers: he headed the fiction department of the "Literary Front" newspaper and published in "Fate", "Testaments", "Art and Critic", "Goldhorn", "Wreath", "Bulgarian Speech", etc. Stanev wrote tales involving animals, social and philosophical prose, historical novels and novelettes. During his stay in Sofia he was an acquaintance of the city's leading intellectuals who had a strong influence on his later works.
Stanev's first book was a collection of short storties named "Tempting Glitters" issued in 1938. His next book was the collection "Alone" from 1940, which set forth a series of works devoted to the relations between man and nature. The books to follow were "Wolfish Nights" (1943), "Workdays and Holidays" (1945), "Wild Bird" (1946), "In a Silent Night" (1948). One of his last and best-known works, "The Peach Thief", was published in 1948 and filmed in 1964. After 1950, he worked for 14 years on his novel "Ivan Kondarev" describing the events surrounding the September Uprising of 1923. Stanev also authored many books for children and teenagers, such as "Through Forests and Waters" (1943), "The Greedy Bear Cub" (1944), "Tale of a Forest" (1948), "When the Frost Melts" (1950) and "Chernishka" (1950).
The later works of Emiliyan Stanev had more philosophical themes; in those works, he also employed his in-depth knowledge of the history of Bulgaria. The novels "Legend of Sibin, the Prince of Preslav" (1968), "Tihik and Naziriy", "Antichrist" (1970), "The Queen of Tarnovo" (1974), etc., all date to this period. Stanev died in Sofia in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19744319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744319" title="Anselmo Eyegue">
Anselmo Eyegue

Anselmo Eyegue Nfono (born 5 September 1990), also known as Anselmo, is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays as a forward for Primera Catalana club UE La Jonquera.
International career.
Anselmo made his Equatorial Guinea national team debut on 15 June 2008 in a World Cup 2010 Qualifying match against Nigeria in Malabo. That day the "Nzalang Nacional" (the nickname of Equatorial Guinea national football team) lost by 1-0. . Later, he played other World Cup 2010 Qualifying match (against South Africa on 11 October 2008, in Malabo), , and a friendly match (against Cape Verde on 28 March 2009, in Espargos). He scored against Morocco on 11 August 2010 the partial 1-0 for Equatorial Guinea (finally lost 2-1).

</doc>
<doc id="19744343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744343" title="Ayan Sadakov">
Ayan Sadakov

Ayan Faikov Sadakov () (born 26 September 1961) is a former Bulgarian footballer and a key member of the Bulgarian national team in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Sadakov began his club career at the local Lokomotiv Plovdiv. For "The Smurfs" he played eleven seasons, before transferring to Portugal's C.F. Os Belenenses in 1989. Two years later he return in Lokomotiv and played two years, before signed with Botev Plovdiv in summer 1994.
International.
Sadakov made 80 appearances for Bulgaria, between 1981 and 1991 and scored 9 goals. He played in four matches for his country at 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Coaching career.
Sadakov had been appointed on September 29, 2008 as a manager of Lokomotiv Plovdiv a second time to replace Dragan Kanatlarovski.

</doc>
<doc id="19744356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744356" title="Silence Is Wild">
Silence Is Wild

Silence Is Wild is the third album by Swedish Singer-songwriter Frida Hyvönen. It was released on October 29, 2008 in Scandinavia, and November 4, 2008 in North America. In Sweden, the album debuted at #9 in the official albums chart, making it her highest charting album to date.

</doc>
<doc id="19744371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744371" title="Conservati fedele">
Conservati fedele

"Conservati fedele" (K. 23) is a concert aria for soprano and orchestra by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
History.
Mozart composed the aria in October 1765 while staying at The Hague during the family's British-European tour, when he was nine years old. Both of the Mozart children, Wolfgang and his sister Nannerl, were quite ill at the time. It was slightly revised in January 1766, possibly for a performance for Princess Carolina of Orange-Nassau. In his list of Wolfgang's works which he started in 1768 in Vienna, his father Leopold entered this piece as no. 2 of "15 Italian Arias, composed in London and The Hague" ().
The Newberry Library (Case MS 6A, 48), Chicago, acquired the manuscript (6 sheets, 11 pages) through a bequest of the opera singer Claire Dux –Mrs Charles H. Swift– (1885–1967 in Chicago). It was previously owned by Raphael Georg Kiesewetter who gave the autograph to Aloys Fuchs as a gift. Both Fuchs and Abbé Maximilian Stadler confirmed its authenticity with their signatures on 7 December 1832. The Neue Mozart-Ausgabe also mentions an autograph (4 sheets, 7 pages) at the Bibliothèque nationale de France in its Malherbe collection.
Text.
The text is taken from Metastasio's libretto "Artaserse" which had been set to music by a number of composers, among them Johann Christian Bach whom Mozart had met just a short time before in London. Other Mozart works based on Metastasio texts include his last opera, "La clemenza di Tito", and the earlier "Il re pastore.
The lyrics chosen by Mozart are the parting verses of Artaserse's sister, Mandane, in act 1, scene 1, as she bids farewell to her lover Arbace:
The text of "Conservati fedele" has also been set to music by Leonardo Vinci (1690–1730) and Hasse (1699–1783) in their respective operas "Artaserse", by Antonio Salieri and Marianne von Martinez (1744–1812) as concert arias, twice by Joseph Martin Kraus (1756–1792), by Ferdinando Carulli (1770–1841) for voice and guitar, and by Theodor von Schacht (1748–1823) as a canon for three equal voices accompanied by cembalo and/or guitar.
Music.
The work is scored for soprano, two violins, viola, cello and bass; the tempo marking
is "Andante grazioso", the time signature is 2/4 time, the key signature is A major. A typical performance would last for about 7 minutes.
It is composed as a "da capo aria" (bars 1–86) with a short middle section ("Ch'io per virtù d'amore", bars 87–100) which has the tempo marking "Allegretto" and is in the parallel key of A minor. The aria consists almost wholly of two-bar phrases.
After hearing this piece and "Va, dal furor portata" (K. 21) written by the nine year-old Mozart, Baron Grimm predicted that "the boy would have an opera performed in an Italian theatre before he was twelve". As it turned out, Mozart's first work for the stage, "Die Schuldigkeit des ersten Gebots", was performed less than 18 month later, and his first work for an Italian theatre, "Mitridate, re di Ponto", opened in Milan in 1770 when Mozart was 14 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19744375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744375" title="Deryck Maughan">
Deryck Maughan

Sir Deryck Charles Maughan (born 20 December 1947) is a British businessman and philanthropist. 
Early life.
He graduated from King's College London with a BA in 1969, and earned a MS from Stanford Graduate School of Business in 1978, where he was a Harkness Fellow.
Career.
Maughan is a partner of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co, where he leads the firm's global financial services practice. He was previously Vice Chairman of Citigroup and CEO of Citigroup International from 1998 to 2004; and Chairman and CEO of Salomon Brothers from 1992–97, a firm he joined in 1983. He served as Vice-Chairman of the New York Stock Exchange from 1996 to 2000. Currently he is a member of the Committee on Capital Markets on Regulation. 
Prior to joining Salomon Brothers, Deryck Maughan worked at HM Treasury from 1969 to 1979 and at Goldman Sachs from 1979 to 1983. He is a Director of GlaxoSmithKline, Thomson Reuters and of BlackRock. He is a Trustee of Lincoln Center, NYU Medical Center and Japan Society. He serves on an Advisory Council at Harvard University.
Personal life.
Maughan and his wife reside in New York City They founded a number of scholarships at Stanford University and at Iolani School. They also made a substantial donation to King's College London; the Maughan Library is named in their honour.
Honours.
Maughan was knighted in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19744405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744405" title="Vitrina pellucida">
Vitrina pellucida

Vitrina pellucida is species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae, the glass snails.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands in Western Europe and Central Europe, including:
Shell description.
The shell is subglobose, somewhat smooth, pellucid and greenish hyaline in colour. The shell has 3 whorls that enlarge rapidly and are somewhat convex. The body whorl is wide and a little flattened below. The suture is wrinkled. The aperture is lunately rounded.
The width of the shell is 6 mm, the height is 3.5 mm.
Ecology.
Predators: This snail is eaten by hedgehogs
Food: This species eats liverworts (Jungermanniaceae) and decayed leaves. It will also eat dead earthworms and horse manure.
Habitat: These snails live in moist and shady places, but are not usually observed until late in the autumn.
Eggs: Their eggs are deposited in small heaps, and have a membraneous covering.
Parasites of "Vitrina pellucida" include:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="19744440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744440" title="Joseph Baptista Gardens">
Joseph Baptista Gardens

The Joseph Baptista Gardens, locally known as the Mazagaon Gardens, is a park in south Mumbai in Mazagaon. It lies atop a hill, the Bhandarwada Hill, and offers a panoramic view of the Mumbai harbour and the southern business district of the city. Beneath the gardens is a water reservoir, constructed by the second Municipal Commissioner of Bombay, John Hay Grant (1877–1881) between 1880–1884. The gardens are located behind the Dockyard Road railway station, at an altitude of . Shortly after India's independence in 1947, the gardens, was named after Joseph Baptista, an Indian freedom activist.
History.
After the British arrived in Bombay in the 1660s, they selected Bhandarwala Hill, a basalt rocky outcrop as a site for the Mazagon Fort, that was built in 1680. However, the fort was completely razed by Siddi ruler Yakut Khan after he withdrew his siege on the orders of the Mughal emperor, Aurangzeb.
In 1884, to address the shortage of potable water in the city, several hills were selected as storage tanks by the civic administration. Water from the Vihar Lake was pumped to the Bhandarwada Hill reservoir, that was then distributed to the city. Over it the John Hay Grant park was built. In 1925, the capacity was increased to .
Park.
The park is frequented by neighbourhood residents. It is mostly patronised by couples, joggers, senior citizens, and students who find peaceful corners to study. Cycas, ixora, musanda, bougainvillea, and hibiscus are some of the plants found in the garden. As part of a makeover plan, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (BMC) earmarked to beautify the gardens. Local residents however are upset over the plans for the makeover, and have claimed that the BMC have uprooted trees, thrown away wrought iron gates. Work on the renovations is set to be completed by February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19744445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744445" title="Negusie v. Holder">
Negusie v. Holder

Negusie v. Holder (formerly "Negusie v. Mukasey"), 555 U.S. 511 (2009), was a legal case in which the United States Supreme Court agreed to review the issue whether the bar to asylum in the United States for persecutors applies to asylum applicants who have been the target of credible threats of harm or torture in their home countries if they refuse to further participate in the acts of persecution. At issue is whether Daniel Negusie, who says he was forced to assist in the mistreatment of prisoners in Eritrea under threat of execution, may nonetheless apply for asylum because any assistance he rendered was provided under duress.
The court held that the BIA and United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit erred when they evaluated Negusie's asylum petition because they presumed it mandatory that an alien's coercion to persecute was immaterial when determining whether the "persecutor bar" applies.

</doc>
<doc id="19744451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744451" title="Gopura Vasalile">
Gopura Vasalile

 
Gopura Vasalile is a 1991 Indian Tamil black comedy film directed by Priyadarshan in his directional debut in Tamil cinema and was produced by Mu. Ka. Thamizharasu. The film features Karthik and Bhanupriya in the lead with Suchitra, Nassar, Janagaraj, Charle and Junior Balaiya forms an ensemble cast while V. K. Ramasamy, Sukumari and Poornam Vishwanathan appearing in supporting roles. Malayalam actor Mohanlal made a special appearance in a song. Music by Ilaiyaraja while the cinematography by P. C. Sreeram. 
The story of the film borrows some subplots from the Malayalam film "Pavam Pavam Rajakumaran". The film is one of the earliest examples of black humour in Tamil cinema. The film was well received at the box office and ran more than 100 days at many centres in Tamil Nadu. 
Plot.
Karthik is a schoolteacher in a local town. He is a bachelor living along with his friends, Nassar, Junior Balaiya and Charlie. Karthik has had a troubled love-life, having lost his lover, Suchitra in a car accident. His friends are wastrels who roam about the town, flirting with the local girls. During one such dalliance with an army officer, VK Ramaswamy's daughter, Bhanupriya, they are put behind the bars for a few days. Karthik also gets peeved with their behaviour and reprimands them for their uncouth behaviour.
Humiliated, the friends decide to wreak their revenge on Karthik. They collude with Janagaraj, a clerk in a local bank and attempt to trick Karthik into believing that Bhanupriya is in love with him. A few anonymous letters later, the plan comes out successful. 
In the meantime, during the course of a few accidental events, Karthik comes across to Bhanupriya as a brave and resourceful hero. Impressed, she seeks his hand in marriage through the help of her father. This sudden development takes his scheming friends aback. They cook up evidences to convince Karthik that Bhanupriya is a whore. The gullible hero believes the subterfuge and cancels the plans of marriage.
Despondent after the twin love failures in his life, Karthik attempts suicide in a hotel. Thinking he is dead, the friends flee the town to avoid police confrontations. It is finally revealed to the viewers that Karthik was rescued by the police later and had reunited with Bhanupriya, after the foul play was decoded. Karthik pardons the friends as they had played some role in developing a love with his wife and invites them to a banquet at his new house atop a hill.
Songs.
The original score and six original songs for the movie were composed by maestro Ilayaraja. The lyrics by Vaali and Piraisoodan. 

</doc>
<doc id="19744459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744459" title="Battle of Sarus">
Battle of Sarus

The Battle of Sarus was a battle fought between the East Roman (Byzantine) army, led by Emperor Heraclius, and the Persian general Shahrbaraz. After a series of maneuvres, the Byzantine army under Heraclius, which in the previous year had invaded Persia, caught up with Shahrbaraz's army, which was heading towards the Byzantine capital, Constantinople, where his forces would take part in its siege together with the Avars. The battle ended in a nominal victory for the Byzantines, but Shahrbaraz withdrew in good order, and was able to continue his advance through Asia Minor towards Constantinople.

</doc>
<doc id="19744477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744477" title="It's Pimpin' Pimpin'">
It's Pimpin' Pimpin'

"It's Pimpin' Pimpin is the second comedy album & debut studio album by Katt Williams, which was released on January 29, 2009, on Warner Bros. Records.
References.
[]

</doc>
<doc id="19744492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744492" title="Molybdenum oxide">
Molybdenum oxide

Molybdenum oxide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19744510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744510" title="Bari dialect">
Bari dialect

Bari dialect ("dialetto barese") is spoken in the Apulia region of Italy. Influences range from Old French due to Norman and Angevin rule, to an ancient pre-Roman Illyrian substratum, creating one of the most distinct Italian dialects both from phonetics and lexis point of view.
Region.
As assigning local dialects to strict geographical areas is often problematic, Barese may be seen, as with other local dialects, as a dynamic and changing language with regional differences determined by a range of geographical, historical and social factors. Nevertheless, Bari dialect may be identified predominantly within the province of Bari in central Puglia, and in the region of Barletta-Andria-Trani, which is characterized by variants such as "Barlettano", "Tranese" and "Andriese". The north of the Puglia region in the province of Foggia, where Foggian dialect is spoken, may be seen as a variant of Bari dialect, albeit heavily influenced by Naples dialects.
In Italian cinema of the Commedia all'Italiana, Barese has been made famous by actors such as Lino Banfi, Sergio Rubini, Gianni Ciardo, Dino Abbrescia, and Emilio Solfrizzi. There are also numerous films shot exclusively in Bari dialect: amongst the most notable including "LaCapaGira" which was recognised by critics at the Berlin Film Festival. Many local theatre companies produce light comedy shows in dialect, often focusing on the comic linguistic opportunities presented by the millions who left Puglia during the last century in search of work abroad.
Extracts.
Il Padre Nostro
L'Ave Maria
Il Salve regina
L'Angelo custode
The alphabet.
The Bari dialect is composed by this alphabet:
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p r s t u v z
The accents.
In Barese the use of the accents is obligatory:
the monosyllables haven't to be accented, without some as à (a, preposizione semplice), é (e, congiunzione coordinativa), mè (mai, avverbio di tempo), ecc.
Examples: 
The accents are very important to show the differences between words that are written in the same way, but which have different pronunciations.
Examples:
Linguistic features.
Within the Province of Bari many dialects exist which, while similar to Bari dialect, have various vocal differences. For example, the expression "Che c'è?" in standard Italian, meaning "What's the matter?" or "What's up?" is variously produced as:
Ci jè? (Barese)
Ciobbà? (Andriese)
Ce jè? (Bitettese)
Ce d'è? (Grumese and Palese)
Ce jèi? (Bitontino)
Ce da? (Terlizzese)
Ci jò? (Barlettano)
Ce d'è? (Molfettese)
Meanwhile, the conjugation of verbs sees changes such as:
Essere ("to be" in standard Italian)
Essere ("to be" in Barese)
Fare ("to do/make" in standard Italian)
Fare ("to do/make" in Barese)

</doc>
<doc id="19744511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744511" title="Joined-Up Thinking">
Joined-Up Thinking

Joined-Up Thinking is the first book by writer and artist Stevyn Colgan. It is based loosely upon the idea of Six Degrees of Separation first put forward by Frigyes Karinthy and later explored by Stanley Milgram and Richard Wiseman, in that everything and everyone in the world can be connected in some way. The book takes a light-hearted and humorous series of 'cyclic journeys through the land of trivia'. What marks the book as different to previous books of trivia is that each chapter or 'Round' takes the reader along a chain of interconnected facts ending, ultimately, back at the first fact in the chain. There are 30 of these 'journeys' in the book which are then all linked together in 'The Great Big Joined-Up Index' where Colgan shows the interconnectedness between facts in different Rounds. 
Publication history.
First published by Macmillan in Britain on 3 October 2008. The book received favourable comments from both Stephen Fry and John Mitchinson of Quite Interesting Ltd, co-author (with John Lloyd) of The Book of General Ignorance.
"I found myself strangely fascinated and somewhat dizzy. Most impressive" - Stephen Fry.
"The book that nails that odd, slightly unnerving feeing that everything really is connected" - John Mitchinson.
The paperback edition was released on 18 September 2009.
Critical reception.
Response to the book has been positive to date. 
'Dizzily intriguing' - The Bookseller 
'This is not a stocking filler - this is a real book. Buy several copies and keep one' - "Daily Telegraph" 
'Quite simply the best way to spend time when not shopping, sleeping or preparing food' - Tony Hawks 
'Can I recommend a book? It’s Joined-Up Thinking by Stevyn Colgan. The author shares my love of trivia’s interconnectedness - far from being ‘random info’, the facts in our brain only come to light because some other fact reminds us of them. It’s this quality that made me love the book - you almost want to have a conversation with it. For instance when it revealed that Charlie Chaplin was born on 16 April 1889, I wanted to say ‘that was only four days before the man he played (in all but name) in The Great Dictator (ie Adolf Hitler). The book’s packed with great info, from the derivation of the phrase ‘letting the cat out of the bag’ to the name for the thin bits of a cricket bail. Spigots, since you ask' - Mark Mason (author) 
'If you've ever looked at the Eiffel Tower and wondered how it's related to Dracula, then Stevyn Colgan is your man. Yes, it's trivia porn' - London Lite 
'He connects each piece of his trivia puzzle in a concise, chatty, easy to follow, even logical, manner. This free-flowing style does not, thankfully, lend itself to pause and evaluation, but does allow for a great deal of chuckling and chin-stroking. This is the sort of book that you will read and then spend the next month or so scratching your head and wondering just how it is, exactly, you know that avocados are poisonous, that indigo is really just a shade of violet, or that Wilma Flintstone had two maiden names, Pebble or Slaghoople, depending on which episode you watched, or that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair owns a telephone that resembles a Harley-Davidson. He is the master of the trivial, the collector and cataloguer of the forgotten and inane - but no matter how worthless and unnecessary the information, Colgan has the knack of making it all sound intensely fascinating' - "New Zealand Herald" 
'Stevyn Colgan has a theory; everything in the world can be connected through 'six degrees of information'. Trying to prove it takes us up some strange alleys - in the first chapter we go from Sir Isaac Newton inventing the colour indigo to 2007's most popular day for marriages - but his engaging style means we don't get stuck down the road of intellectual whimsy' - Maxim 
'The premise of the book is simple - the surprising connections between seemingly random and unrelated 'things', looped around so you keep meeting your tail. How Colgan manages to find all these connections, unravel them and create something coherent and entertaining out of them is beyond me. But I'm glad he took the time, as the result is vastly fascinating and had my mind whirring round after itself for hours - immense fun!' - Falmouth People 

</doc>
<doc id="19744537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744537" title="Polymita picta">
Polymita picta

Polymita picta, common name the "Cuban land snail" or the "painted snail", is a species of large, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.
The shell of this species is large, brightly colored, and has numerous color varieties. These shells are sought after by poachers and used to make jewelry and trinkets. As a result, the species has become endangered.
This species is the type species of the genus "Polymita".
This snail is endemic to Cuba. 
Anatomy.
This species is Hermaphroditic and uses special love darts to stick each other as part of its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19744556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744556" title="CS ACU Arad">
CS ACU Arad

ACU Arad was a Romanian professional football club from the Arad County, founded in 1995. The club was dissolved in August 2011, after it withdrew from the Liga II championship due to financial difficulties.
Honours.
Liga III:
Stadium.
ACU Arad played its home matches at Motorul Stadium, Arad, which has a capacity of 5,000 seats.
Performances.
Their best performance was a 13th place at the end of the 2003–04 season in the Liga II and reaching the Round of 32 phase in the Romanian Cup in the 2003–04 and 2007–08 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19744563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744563" title="The Florence Institute of Design International">
The Florence Institute of Design International

The Florence Institute in an international school of Italian design. The institute was founded in 2008 in Florence Italy. Admission to the school is open to students from any country. All classes are held in the English language. Programs that are currently offered include Interior Design, Graphic Design, Art History, and Architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19744573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744573" title="Coast Guard Air Station Humboldt Bay">
Coast Guard Air Station Humboldt Bay

Coast Guard Air Station Humboldt Bay is a United States Coast Guard Air Station, with command and primary assets located at the Arcata-Eureka Airport in McKinleyville, California, 16 miles north of Eureka in Humboldt County. The station is the site of the command center for all Coast Guard personnel stationed and assets located on the coasts of Humboldt, Mendocino, and Del Norte Counties. It is one of five air stations in the Eleventh Coast Guard District.
Operations and missions.
Air Station Humboldt Bay consists of 3 MH-65C helicopters and the primary mission is search and rescue (SAR). Most cases are dramatic and lifesaving in nature due to the rough seas and generally poor weather conditions prevalent on the northern California coast. The Air Station also provides MEDEVAC support for injured personnel in the mountains surrounding the Group area. Secondary missions include aerial support for Aids to Navigation, Maritime Law enforcement, and Marine Environmental Protection along 250 miles of rugged coastline from the Mendocino-Sonoma County line north to the California-Oregon border. 
The Command Center located at CGAS Humboldt Bay monitors for distress 24 hours a day and directs Coast Guard boats and aircraft to respond to any maritime emergency in the region; along the coast, well offshore, or even inland. The Group / Air Station also works with many local, state and federal agencies as needed.
History.
The Coast Guard has long had a presence on and about Humboldt Bay. Beginning in 1856 and continuing uninterrupted, the service has operated on Humboldt Bay and provided life-saving assistance on the Bay and all along the North Coast, out at sea and, as time went by, it has assisted other agencies, providing assistance in the interior in remote locations, on rivers and lakes and, especially, in mountainous terrain and in forests and related park and private lands as called upon.
On Humboldt Bay the USCG has operated at the same site continuously at least since 1878 based at its historic facility, the Humboldt Bay Life-Saving Station. Even with a cutter based at Eureka's docks and another at Crescent City, command in the modern era was split as air support was directed from San Francisco. However, on June 24, 1977 as the culmination of a multi-year initiative by local residents and groups to gain a year-round aviation search and rescue (SAR) facility for Northern California, the Coast Guard Group/Air Station Humboldt Bay was commissioned, complete with new assets, at the Arcata-Eureka Airport in McKinleyville, California. Prior to 1977, an aviation detachment from Coast Guard Air Station San Francisco provided air coverage during the summer season, but the response time of over two hours was not fast enough for victims to survive in the 40-50 degree water commonly found along the north coast. Originally named Air Station Arcata, the Group / Air Station was re-designated to its current name in May 1982. A modern $3.5 million facility constructed at the Arcata-Eureka Airport also relocated boat station command and control from the historic facility in Samoa to establish centralized command and control over all Coast Guard assets throughout the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19744595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744595" title="Michinoku region">
Michinoku region

History.
The use of Michinoku as a descriptive term is first recorded in (654). 
The usage and meaning of the term has evolved along with Japanese expansion northward in the 7th and 8th centuries. The ambit of the region expanded beyond what is today Miyagi Prefecture; and it eventually encompassed all of northern Honshu. 
Poetic allusion.
Michinoku or the "interior road" alluded to the "end of the line" — virtually the end of the world in Heian times.
    "omoi wa michinoku ni"
    "koi wa suruga ni kayounari"
    "misomezariseba nakanaka ni"
    "sora ni wasurete yaminamashi"
My longing goes as far as Michinoku,
as my love wanders Suruga;
if it had not been love at first sight,
it would be easy to forget, 
fading into the distant air.
Modern usage.
Modern usage varies, referring either to Mutsu Province alone (which at its largest covered present-day Fukushima, Miyagi, Iwate and Aomori prefectures) or to both Mutsu and neighboring Dewa Province, which covered all of the Tōhoku region.

</doc>
<doc id="19744606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744606" title="Stadionul Motorul">
Stadionul Motorul

Motorul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Arad, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ACU Arad. The stadium holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19744609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744609" title="Keith Reed">
Keith Reed

Keith A. Reed (born October 8, 1978 in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles.
Reed was one of Baltimore's seven first-round draft picks in the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. He was the Orioles #1 prospect in and made his major league debut on May 11, , called up to replace Sammy Sosa on the roster. Reed played only 6 games with the Orioles, getting 1 hit in 5 at bats. He spent all of with Triple-A Ottawa, hitting .279 with 10 home runs and 65 RBI.
After the 2006 season, Reed signed with the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League. He batted .286 and set career-highs in home runs, RBI, stolen bases, hits, runs, and at-bats, Helping the team win the atlantic league championship over the Somerset Patriots that September. In , Reed had an even better season, hitting .295 with 26 home runs and 93 RBI. However, he has not played affiliated ball since.
Reed is one of the few players to bat without the use of batting gloves.

</doc>
<doc id="19744621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744621" title="Jack Wills">
Jack Wills

__NOEDITSECTION__
Jack Wills is a mid-range British clothing brand aimed at university students. The fashion label uses the brand and registered trademark "Jack Wills – University Outfitters" to reflect the inspiration behind the brand.
The original Jack Wills store opened in Salcombe, Devon in 1999, and has expanded to include 60 stores in the UK and Ireland, three of which are outlet stores. Nine are in London, with the remainder in university towns and seaside resorts. Four stores can be found in Scotland and two in Ireland. Jack Wills' first stores in the US opened in Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard and Boston in July 2010.
The brand is partly owned by Jack Wills Ltd, a private limited company registered in the UK, whilst a minority stake is held by the private equity firm Inflexion after an investment deal in 2007.
History.
Jack Wills was founded in 1999 by Peter Williams and Robert Shaw, the former who named the company after his grandfather, Jack Williams. The original store was in Salcombe, Devon located at 22 Fore Street. This original address is often written into the brand's handbook, clothing labels and in-store signs. In 2008 the Aubin & Wills brand was launched, designed to appeal to older customers. It was withdrawn in 2012.
The brand incorporates aspects of traditional British military and sporting design in its products, and uses a navy blue and pink colour scheme for its packaging and some of its products. The company often houses its stores in historical buildings, such as old pubs or town houses .
The majority of its stores are in the UK, however there are two branches in Ireland, in Kildare and Dublin. In May and July 2010, Jack Wills opened American stores in Nantucket, Martha's Vineyard and Boston. There are now thirteen stores in the US. Despite this expansion, CEO Peter Williams stated the brand will remain "British, British, British". In recent years, Jack Wills has begun to open stores outside of the UK, with a franchise store in Princeton, New Jersey, three stores in Hong Kong, two stores in Dubai, one in Kuwait and one in Lebanon. The company now owns around 60 stores in the UK and Ireland, the three stores in Hong Kong and the 15 stores in the USA . ( The Jersey and Middle East stores are franchised)
Products.
Jack Wills' products are branded with a logo of a pheasant with a top hat and a walking stick, known as "Mr Wills". The company publishes "Handbooks" each season: the Autumn Term Handbook, for example, or the Christmas Handbook. Jack Wills clothing ranges from traditional British formal wear, such as shirts, tweed jackets and blazers, to more contemporary casual clothing: hooded tops, sweatpants, t-shirts and polo shirts. Products such as rugby shirts and luggage are also sold, as are homeware goods and stationery.
Marketing.
The brand’s ranges are given a ‘private school’ and ‘preppy’ branding, as the Jack Wills pricing strategy means the clothes may not be considered affordable to everyone. Jack Wills feature sports-oriented, collegiate branding, for example apparel relating to polo, rugby, and also rowing, such as the J.W.R.C (Jack Wills Rowing Club). Jack Wills' "University Outfitters" title reflects its target market: university students. However, the label is popular in both Secondary schools and colleges. The brand does not use a conventional advertising model, instead relying on word of mouth viral marketing. This is often stimulated by the events they hold such as the Jack Wills Varsity Polo, JW Unsigned and JW Seasonnaires. In April 2011 the ASA upheld complaints about the Jack Wills 2011 Spring Term Handbook. The handbook contained some controversial images of young adults in a state of undress. In their ruling, the ASA said that "we concluded that the catalogue was sufficiently provocative as to present a risk to younger teenagers." A previous campaign in 2009 had also produced complaints but escaped a ban.
Aubin & Wills.
Aubin & Wills was launched by Jack Wills in September 2008 as a sister brand, aimed at more mature customers, age 25 and up, who have recently graduated from higher or tertiary education and are in full-time employment. Its slogan "Modern British design inspired by the past living in the present" fits with their target market of 25-35 year old young successful individuals, bringing back the old generation of clothing to the era that it would had first been popular in. This would also consider it more of an 'Older' sister brand to Jack Wills due to the much more mature design approach to their products, which Jack Wills have used as an advertising technique by placing "Aubin & Wills 'Visit our sister brand'." on their website to help promote the newly starting brand.
In November 2012 Jack Wills announced the decision to terminate the Aubin and Wills brand in order to concentrate on the global growth of the principal brand. All 16 stores will close the first of which, Liverpool, closing in late November. All remaining stores as well as the Aubin and Wills website will cease trade by the end of January 2013.
The Aubin Gallery & Cinema.
On 20 May 2010, the Aubin Gallery was launched, situated on the top floor of the Shoreditch store in collaboration with British artist and curator Stuart Semple. Under Semple's directorship the gallery's primary focus has been to provide a platform for a new generation of international artists and curators. It has also expanded to include off-site projects, for example with Miriam Elia's exhibition "I fell in love with a conceptual artist" at the Nave Church, international exhibition initiatives and a publishing arm. Since 2010 the program has showcased the works of Tom Ormond, Piers Secunda, The Girls, Alana Lake, Alex Bunn, Sarah Maple, Adham Faramawy, James Howard, NERO and Yasam Sasmazer amongst others. The . concept space also includes The Aubin Cinema which is run in collaboration with the members' club Shoreditch House and is a new social hot spot in East London’s Redchurch Street.
Jack Wills Outlet.
At the end of 2009, Jack Wills launched a new website, Jack Wills Outlet. The outlet store acts as a medium for a "limited number of the Jack Wills community" to purchase last seasons' clothes at a discounted price, normally the end-of-sale price or less, up to 75% off. Access to Jack Wills Outlet is strictly by invitation only; membership is obtained by submitting a regular Jack Wills account to the waiting list on the outlet website and waiting for an invitation. Membership is reviewed every three months and Jack Wills revokes access privileges to those who have not activated their membership or who have not made a purchase during that period. This is so that the "privilege of the JW Outlet is restricted to the most valued members of the Jack Wills community."
The store has a "no frills approach" and does not offer gift wrapping, fancy packaging or guaranteed delivery times. Returning items to the outlet store is by mail order but goods can also be returned to a Jack Wills retail store. The outlet store offers the same range of products as the regular site.

</doc>
<doc id="19744660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744660" title="Supreme Command of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Supreme Command of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Supreme Command of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina ("Štab Vrhovne Komande Armije Republike Bosne i Hercegovine") was the supreme command of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and it was headquartered in the Presidency Building in Sarajevo.
Creation.
The main staff was transformed from the Bosnian territorial defence chiefs of staff and Patriotic League general staff
Commanders.
Sefer Halilović served as the supreme ABiH commander until 8 June 1993 and his title was Chief of Staff of the Main Staff of the ARBiH.On this date, the President of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Alija Izetbegović, issued a decision “restructuring […] the […] supreme command headquarters of the armed forces” (“8 June 1993 decision”).This decision provides:
The decision further “appointed” Rasim Delić to the post of Commander of the Main Staff of the ARBiH and “appointed” Sefer Halilović as Chief of Staff of the Main Staff.In addition, the decision established two Deputy Commander positions to which Stjepan Šiber and Jovan Divjak were appointed, but were already serving in the Main Staff.
Approximately six weeks later, on 18 July 1993, President Alija Izetbegović issued a decision further restructuring the ABiH (“18 July decision”).According to this decision, during a state of war the Presidency of the Republic was the Supreme Command of the Armed Forces of the Republic.The decision provides that “The Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina Army consists of the Main Staff and eight Corps.", although only 7 corpses were formed. All the Corps were directly subordinate to the Commander of the Main Staff.
On 24 October 1994 the Main Staff was renamed the General Staff.
Main Staff/General Staff organization.
The Main Staff/General Staff of the ARBiH had various administrations which oversaw the work of their counterparts services in the Army Corpses and subordinate units within the Corpses that were the brigades and in the brigades the battalions, along with independent battalions.
Main Staff/General Staff Headquarters.
The Main Staff/General Staff was located in various buildings in Sarajevo. Due to ongoing communications problems within the besieged city, a major part of the Main Staff/General Staff was relocated to Kakanj, about 40 kilometers from Sarajevo, on 2 January 1994. The command post in Kakanj (KM Kakanj) was operational until the end of the war.
The offices of the Commander of the Main Staff/General Staff was located in Sarajevo center.
The offices of the Chief of Staff of the Main Staff/General Staff were located in Sarajevo, but moved to KM Kakanj in early 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19744670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744670" title="Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe">
Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe

"Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe" was a popular twenty-six part television series looking at unexplained phenomena across the universe. It was first broadcast in the United Kingdom by independent television network ITV. It premiered on July 15, 1995. It was the sequel to "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World" and "Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers".
The series is introduced by acclaimed science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke in short sequences filmed at his home in Sri Lanka, with individual episodes narrated by Carol Vorderman. The series was produced by John Fairley and directed by Peter Jones, Michael Weigall and Charles Flynn.
Episodes.
"Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe" consisted of 26 episodes.
DVD Release.
"Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe" was released on DVD on March 11, 2003.
A collection DVD Box Set of all three Arthur C. Clarke documentary series, "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World", "Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers" and "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe" was released in July 2013 by Visual Entertainment, which also re-released them separately in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19744673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744673" title="Jana S. Rošker">
Jana S. Rošker

Jana S. Rošker () (born 21 May 1960) is a Slovenian sinologist.
Biography.
Jana Rošker was born in 1960 in Murska Sobota. She was a student of sinology, journalism and pedagogy at the University of Vienna. She also studied at Beijing Foreign Studies University, Nankai University and Beijing University. She received her PhD in 1988 for the thesis 'Theories of the State and Anarchist Criticism of the State in China at the Turn of the Century' (original in German: ). During her studies and later in life she spent over ten years in People's Republic of China and Taiwan.
Academic career.
In her research she mostly examines subjects related to Chinese philosophy, Chinese logic, Chinese epistemology, the methodology of intercultural research and the theory of knowledge. Since 1995, she has been a professor at the Chair of Sinology, Department of Asian and African Studies at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. She was one of the cofounders of this department and chaired it for several years. She was one of the hosts of the 'XVI. Biennial Conference of the European Association of Chinese Studies', which was held in Ljubljana in 2006 and the chief organizer of many other international conferences in Chinese studies (2005, 2010, 2011).
Publications.
MAIN PUBLICATIONS IN CHINESE AND ENGLISH

</doc>
<doc id="19744675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744675" title="St Matthew's, Preston">
St Matthew's, Preston

St Matthew’s is an electoral ward in Preston, Lancashire, England. The ward is adjacent to the larger Ribbleton to the east but is considered to be an area with a distinct community of its own.
The ward is named for the large St Matthew's Church within its borders.
Three members of Preston City Council, elected 'in thirds' in first past the post elections each year, are returned from the ward.
The ward forms part of the Lancashire County Council electoral division of Preston East.
Demographics.
The 2001 census showed a population of 6,462 within St Matthew’s, of which over half (58%) classed themselves as Christian. The next highest religious population is Muslim at just under 17%.
Nearly half of the adult population have no education qualifications, one of the highest figures in the city of Preston.
Boundaries.
St Matthew’s is a rectangle sized ward with the city centre and Deepdale at one side, Fishwick to the south, and Ribbleton to the east. Preston Prison is at the south-west of the ward, which is otherwise populated by terraced housing and shopping units and warehouses. A number of Preston Bus and Stagecoach services run across the ward towards Ribbleton, Longridge and beyond.
Demographics.
From the 2001 census, St George’s ward had a population of 5,049. Of this figure, 26.7% described themselves as Muslim.

</doc>
<doc id="19744682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744682" title="2008–09 Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball team">
2008–09 Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball represented Rutgers University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Head Coach was Fred Hill, then in his 3rd season with the Scarlet Knights. The team played its home games in Louis Brown Athletic Center in Piscataway Township, New Jersey, and is a member of the Big East Conference. The Scarlet Knights finished 15th in the conference's regular season, and was defeated in the first round in the Big East Tournament, falling to Notre Dame 61-50.
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Big East Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="19744684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744684" title="Tube cleaning (locomotive)">
Tube cleaning (locomotive)

Tube cleaning is the process whereby the boiler tubes of steam locomotives are cleaned out, removing soot and ash in order to ensure the effective generation of the draught for the fire. This was often done with steam lances or compressed air and accompanied by brushing as required. 
United Kingdom.
During the 1930s some UK locomotives were fitted with steam operated tube-cleaning guns, sometimes referred to as anti-carbonisers. It was possible to direct sand, under steam pressure, to any part of the rear tube plate from a lever in the cab. 
Germany.
In Germany too, locomotive sheds often had tube cleaning equipment ("Rohrblasgerüst") which was used to blow through the boiler tubes. This tube cleaning, carried out by a steam lance, had to be done once a week. Residue left in the fire and smoke tubes not only reduced the transfer of heat from the hot smoke gases to the water in the boiler, but also accelerated corrosion of the tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="19744686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744686" title="La voce del Padrone">
La voce del Padrone

La voce del padrone is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato, released by EMI Italian in 1981. The album followed "L'era del cinghiale bianco" (1979) and "Patriots" (1980), which signed a return by Battiato to a more pop-oriented style. 
"La voce del padrone", besides being Battiato's first pop success, was also the first Italian LP to sell more than one million copies.
Overview.
Before "L'era del cinghiale bianco" Battiato had begun to collaborate with violinist and composer Giusto Pio. In "La voce del padrone" Battiato could rely on Pio's collaboration too, even if violin was never used in the scores. 
Album.
The album is a mixture of Synthpop, Dance and Progressive. "Bandiera Bianca" quotes Mr. Tambourine Man by Bob Dylan. The more well known songs of this album are "Summer On a Solitary Beach", "Bandiera Bianca" (one of the more well known songs by Battiato) and "Centro Di Gravità Permanente"
"Summer On A Solitary Beach" was released as a single.

</doc>
<doc id="19744696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744696" title="Volunteer Railroaders Association">
Volunteer Railroaders Association

Volunteer Railroaders Association (aka VRA) is a New Jersey-based non-profit group of volunteers. The VRA runs fund-raising train rides for children in NJ. They operate and own six motor cars. One, is a rare Lehigh & New England Railroad Sheffield Corporation model 40B. 
The VRA members operate motor cars trips. The children's events are fundraiser are to benefit the creation of the NJ State Transportation Museum and other railroad related preservation activities. The VRA is a member of the NJ-based United Railroad Historical Society of New Jersey, aka URHS of NJ. Many local (NJ) chapters of the National Railway Historical Society are also members of the URHS of NJ.
The VRA has quarterly meetings at 7:00 pm on the third Thursday of the month (February, May, August and November). Meetings are held at the St. Clements Church in Hawthorne, New Jersey.
History.
In the beginning this group had the honor of being the exclusive volunteer group for the Susquehanna 142 steam program in New Jersey in 1993 and were known as the Susquehanna Volunteer Association. When the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railway moved the program to New York this group was left with nothing to do. So the group decided to run passenger trains for the enjoyment of the public and to raise funds for local historic railroad related items. Since that time the group has run many trips carrying thousands of people. In 1997 the group changed its name to what it is today. This change was to better reflect what they are all about. [http://finance.groups.yahoo.com/group/volunteerrailroaders/]

</doc>
<doc id="19744704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744704" title="Wimania">
Wimania

Wimania is an extinct genus of coelacanth which lived during the Triassic period. It belonged to the family of Coelacanthidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19744710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744710" title="Alfalfa's Double">
Alfalfa's Double

"Alfalfa's Double" is an "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 186th "Our Gang" short (187th episode, 98th talking short, 99th talking episode, and 18th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Alfalfa comes face to face with his wealthy lookalike Cornelius (also played by Carl Switzer). This fateful meeting provides a golden opportunity for both boys: By trading places with his double, Alfalfa will be able to weasel out of his yard work and live a life of luxury, while Cornelius will be able to escape the rigors of dancing lessons, baths, and the like, and briefly enjoy the benefits of being a "regular kid." But the consequences of the boys' identity-trading serves only to lend credence to the old saying "Stay in your own backyard." Alfalfa is not used to the dancing lessons, formal meals, having to behave like a gentleman, minding table manners (where his meal is taken away and replaced with an artichoke), reading lessons, and an afternoon nap. Cornelius fares as bad when he has yardwork to do and finds that the rough play is not for him. In the end they secretly switch back and Alfalfa comes back to a messy yard that the gang cleaned up earlier but messed up due to the lack of help from his double.

</doc>
<doc id="19744712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744712" title="FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș">
FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș

Internaţional Curtea de Argeş was a Romanian professional football club from Curtea de Argeş, Argeş County, founded in 2000 and dissolved in 2011. During its short existence, the club reached the highest stage in Romanian football, Liga I, playing for a season in this first tier.
History.
The club was founded in 2000 by local business man Ion Lazăr, being then named Internaţional Piteşti. It activated since the beginning in the Divizia C, and at the end of the first season in history, the club succeeded to promote to the Divizia B, finishing first in the series. The second season in history meant a fifth place finish at the end of the Divizia B 2001–02 season. Another 3 seasons of second league football followed, finishing 11th, 8th and 13th, respectively, after which they sold their right to play in the Divizia B to Astra Ploieşti.
Two years of pause passes for "Internaţional", until 2007, when Ion Lazăr, founded once again the club, and this time with headquarters in Curtea de Argeş. After buying the right from Voinţa Macea, the team plays once again in the Third League, and finishes first, promoting to the Liga II.
On 6 June 2009, the club succeeds to promote to the Liga I and obtains the greatest performance ever made by a club from Curtea de Argeş, becoming the third team from Argeş County that will play in the Liga I after FC Argeş Piteşti and Dacia Mioveni.
Inter finished 12th its first Liga I season in history, but during the summer it announced that is forfeiting next season because Ion Lazăr, the owner of the club, couldn't afford to keep losing money in the football industry. Pandurii Târgu Jiu, the club that finished 15th last season, will take its place in the Liga I.
Internaţional played in the Liga IV in the 2010–11 season, but was dissolved at the end of the season.
Stadium.
Internaţional played its Liga III home matches on the Municipal Stadium in Curtea de Argeş. In the Liga II it played on the Ştrand Stadium in Piteşti and in the Liga I it played on the Dacia Stadium in Mioveni and on the Nicolae Dobrin Stadium in Piteşti.
Honours.
Liga II:
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="19744731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744731" title="Stadionul Ștrand">
Stadionul Ștrand

Ştrand Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Piteşti, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is currently the home ground of a number of teams from the Argeş County. The stadium can host 2,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19744755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744755" title="Benelli Argo Comfortech">
Benelli Argo Comfortech

The Benelli Argo Comfortech rifle is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA. It is a technologically advanced version of the Benelli Argo, employing patented Benelli Comfortech technology.
Design details.
The Benelli Argo Comfortech has a rotating bolt head with three lugs, which combine to provide an effective locking surface. The fully tempered steel cover is equipped with holes for attaching scopes and is firmly connected to the barrel. This results in a greater accuracy at range. The free-moving barrel gives greater precision more akin to bolt-action models.
The plate kit used to adjust stock deviation and drop, together with the interchangeable sights, make the Benelli Argo Comfortech a versatile and multi-purpose rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="19744766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744766" title="Arsenal Crossley">
Arsenal Crossley

The Arsenal Crossley (also designated as M 27/28) was an Estonian armored car that was operated between 1926 and 1940. At the time it was introduced the Arsenal Crossley was one of the most modern armored vehicles in the Estonian Army. The vehicle's name is the combination of the two factories that contributed to its production. The car was manufactured in Estonia's Arsenal factory, while the engine was provided by the British company Crossley Motors Ltd and the armored plates were ordered from Sweden.
Development and production.
The plans for the Arsenal Crossley light armored car were developed in the Estonian War Ministry between 1924 and 1925. As Estonia lacked a car manufacturing industry, the chassis and engine were ordered from a British company, Crossley Motors Ltd, and the armored plates were ordered from Sweden. The cars were to be assembled in the Arsenal arms factory in Tallinn.
The cars were built in two batches: the first five cars were ordered on 25 November 1925, while another eight cars were ordered on 17 February 1927. A total of 13 cars were produced between 1926 and 1928. Seven cars were armed with 7.7 mm Madsen machine guns and six cars had the 37 mm Hotchkiss gun fitted. The armor, which was fitted on the front, sides and back, was 7 mm thick. A further 5 mm of armor was fitted on the top of the car, while 3 mm was attached on the bottom. To protect the crew from splinters caused by non-penetrating hits, the interior was covered with felt and sailcloth and the floor armor was covered with pine boards. The car had semi-pneumatic tires, so that it would not be immobilized if its tires were punctured. With a crew of four, the car weighed about and was able to achieve a maximum speed of .
Operational history.
Of the cars that were built, the vast majority (11) of them were issued to the Estonian Defence Forces and formed an armored car company with four platoons which was assigned to an Auto-tanki regiment. Each platoon had one car armed with a 37 mm gun and two cars with machine guns. As eight cars with machine guns were needed, one platoon used the War of Independence-era "Pisuhänd" armored car.
The remaining two cars were ordered by the Estonian Defence League and these were delivered in 1927. Both of these cars were armed with 37 mm cannons and were named ""Kõu"" and ""Pikker"" (Arsenal Crossley cars in the Estonian Defence Forces had no names). They were assigned to an armored car unit that was a part of the Malev of Tallinn. In 1930 the unit was named "Maleva üksik soomusautorühm" (independent armored car platoon of Malev) and it remained a part of the Defence League until 1940.
By the middle of 1930, the Estonian armored forces had good infrastructure and decent training but most of the vehicles were outdated. During a Defense Council meeting in 1935, Estonian Defence Forces chief of staff Major-General Nikolai Reek stated that the newly bought TKS tankettes and Arsenal Crossley cars were the only combat capable armored vehicles Estonia possessed (Estonia also had the French Renault FT-17 and British Mark V tanks and some War of Independence-era armored cars). A modernisation program was launched in 1939–1940. All Arsenal Crossley cars were to be upgraded so that they would be armed with 37 mm semi-automatic machine guns along with a 7.7 mm Madsen machine gun which would be mounted next to the driver on the front panel. The crew would also be issued with a Suomi submachine gun and a personal revolver, but this idea was later dropped due to a lack of funds and it was subsequently planned to only re-arm the cars. Nevertheless, this plan never came to fruition as a lack of funds and the occupation of the country by the Soviets in 1940 resulted in it being cancelled.
After the Soviets occupied the country, the Estonian Defence Force was dissolved and most of the Arsenal Crossleys were given to the newly formed 22nd Territorial Rifle Corps. One vehicle (the ex-Defence League "Kõu") was sent to the 942nd Storage Depot in Dvinsk. The ultimate fate of the Arsenal Crossley cars is unknown, but one car can be seen burning alongside a road in a movie scene in a German war chronicle about the capture of Paldiski.

</doc>
<doc id="19744772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744772" title="Morkit">
Morkit

Morkit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19744777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744777" title="350th Air Refueling Squadron">
350th Air Refueling Squadron

The 350th Air Refueling Squadron (350 ARS) is part of the 22d Air Refueling Wing at McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting air refueling missions.
Mission.
To organize, train and equip to provide global mobility, 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.
History.
World War II.
Organization and Training for Combat.
The squadron was originally established as one of the original Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombardment squadrons of the 100th Bombardment Group in mid-1942 under Third Air Force but was immediately transferred to Second Air Force for training. It remained a paper unit until the initial cadre of the ground echelon (4 officers and 27 enlisted men) were assigned at Gowen Field, Idaho. Two days later the squadron departed for Walla Walla Army Air Base, Washington for Phase I training. There the first aircrew arrived on 1 December 1942.
In February 1943 the ground echelon went to Kearney AAF, Nebraska, while the air echelon went to Ainsworth, Casper and Scottsbluff Army Air Fields where they acted as instructors training other units for the next three months. On 28 April, Colonel Alkire, the first group commander was relieved of duty. Two days later, the air echelon returned to Wendover Field, and would not be reunited with the ground echelon until arriving in England in June.
The ground echelon proceeded by rail to Camp Kilmer, then embarked on the RMS Queen Elizabeth, sailing on 27 May and arriving at Greenock on the Firth of Clyde, where they disembarked on 3 June. The flight echelon ferried their aircraft through Maine, Newfoundland, Labrador and Iceland to the United Kingsom.
Combat in the European Theater.
The 350th engaged in strategic bombardment operations over Occupied Europe and Germany, sustaining very heavy losses of personnel and aircraft while conducting many unescorted missions over enemy territory attacking airfields, industries, naval facilities and transportation hubs. The squadron flew its first mission against Bremen, Germany on 25 June 1943. During the summer of 1944, aircrews bombed enemy positions at Saint-Lô, followed by similar campaigns at Brest in August and September. In October 1944, the squadron attacked enemy and ground defenses in the allied drive on the Siegfried Line, then bombed marshaling yards, German occupied villages, and communication targets in the Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge from December 1944 to January 1945. Attacked enemy targets in Germany during the spring of 1945, ending combat operations a strike on Berlin on 20 April 1945.
The squadron emained in Europe as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe occupation forces, dropping food to the people in the west of the Netherlands, and in June transported French Allied former prisoners of war from Austria to France. Demobilizing in England, in December 1945 the squadron inactivated as a paper unit.
Cold War.
Reserve Organization.
The 350th activated in the Air Force Reserve in 1947 at Columbia AAB, South Carolina. It is unclear whether or not the unit was manned or equipped. It was inactivated in 1949 when Continental Air Command reorganized its reserve organization according to the Wing Base Organization. 
Strategic Air Command.
The squadron reactivated under Strategic Air Command received new, swept wing B-47 Stratojets in 1956 which were designed to carry nuclear weapons and to penetrate Soviet air defenses with its high operational ceiling and near supersonic speed. The squadron flew the B-47 for about a decade when by the mid-1960s it had become obsolete and vulnerable to new Soviet air defenses. The squadron began to send its Stratojets to The Military Aircraft Storage and Disposal Center at Davis-Monthan AFB for retirement in 1965, the last being retired in 1966, one of the last B-47 Squadrons. 
Redesignated as a strategic reconnaissance squadron, operating AQM-34 Firebee strategic reconnaissance drones launched from DC-130 Hercules aircraft and recovered by CH-3 helicopters from, 1966–1976. Additionally, it provided refueling support for SR-71 aircraft from, 1983–1990. The 350th also provided cargo support and intratheater refueling during combat in Southwest Asia from, August 1990–March 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19744781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744781" title="George W. Bush judicial appointment controversies">
George W. Bush judicial appointment controversies

During President George W. Bush's two term tenure in office, some of his nominations for federal judgeships were blocked by the Senate Democrats either directly in the Senate Judiciary Committee or on the full Senate floor in various procedural moves. Republicans labeled it an unwarranted obstruction of professionally qualified judicial nominees. Democrats responded that statistics demonstrated they were not obstructing Bush nominees in any systemic way.
107th Congress.
Soon after the inauguration of Bush as president in January 2001, many liberal academics became worried that he would begin packing the federal judiciary with conservative jurists. Yale law professor Bruce Ackerman wrote an article in the February 2001 edition of the liberal magazine "The American Prospect" that encouraged the use of the filibuster to stop Bush from placing any nominee on the Supreme Court during his first term. In addition, law professors Cass Sunstein (University of Chicago) and Laurence Tribe (Harvard), along with Marcia Greenberger of the National Women's Law Center, counseled Senate Democrats in April 2001 "to scrutinize judicial nominees more closely than ever." Specifically, they said, "there was no obligation to confirm someone just because they are scholarly or erudite." 
On May 9, 2001, President Bush announced his first eleven court of appeals nominees in a special White House ceremony. This initial group of nominees included Roger Gregory, a Clinton recess-appointed judge to the Fourth Circuit, as a peace offering to Senate Democrats. There was, however, immediate concern expressed by Senate Democrats and liberal groups like the Alliance for Justice. Democratic Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York said that the White House was "trying to create the most ideological bench in the history of the nation."
As a result, from June 2001 to January 2003, when the Senate in the 107th Congress was controlled by the Democrats, many conservative appellate nominees were stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee and never given hearings or committee votes.
108th Congress.
During the 108th Congress in which the Republicans regained control of the Senate by a 51-49 margin, the nominees that the Senate Democrats had blocked in the 107th Congress began to be moved through the now Republican Senate Judiciary Committee. Subsequently Senate Democrats started to filibuster judicial nominees. On February 12, 2003, Miguel Estrada, a nominee for the D.C. Circuit, became the first court of appeals nominee ever to be successfully filibustered. Later, nine other conservative court of appeals nominees were also filibustered. These nine were Priscilla Owen, Charles W. Pickering, Carolyn Kuhl, David W. McKeague, Henry Saad, Richard Allen Griffin, William H. Pryor, William Gerry Myers III and Janice Rogers Brown. Three of the nominees (Estrada, Pickering and Kuhl) withdrew their nominations before the end of the 108th Congress.
As a result of these ten filibusters, Senate Republicans began to threaten to change the existing Senate rules by using what Senator Trent Lott termed the "nuclear option". This change in rules would eliminate the use of the filibuster to prevent judicial confirmation votes. However, in the 108th Congress, with only a two vote majority, the Republicans were in a weak position to implement this procedural maneuver.
On October 7, 2004, just prior to the presidential election, Senate Democrats issued a statement complete with statistics arguing that they were not obstructing Bush nominees in any systemic way. Although the included statistics showed that district court candidates nominated by Bush were being confirmed at a higher rate than those similarly situated candidates nominated by Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton in their first term, it also showed that Bush's success rate at getting circuit court of appeals nominees confirmed during his first term (67%) was less than those of Reagan (85%) and Clinton (71%).
109th Congress.
Things changed in 2005 due to the 2004 elections. With President Bush's re-election and the Republicans picking up further Senate seats (55-45) in the 109th Congress, the "nuclear option" became a more viable strategy to ensure confirmation. On May 24, 2005, seven moderate senators of each party, called the Gang of 14, in a deal to avoid the use of the "nuclear option", agreed to drop the filibuster against three of the seven remaining affected court of appeals nominees (Priscilla Owen, Janice Rogers Brown, and William Pryor) but not two others (Henry Saad and William Myers). In addition, the senators in the group agreed not to block future judicial nominees with filibusters except in cases involving "extraordinary circumstances".
As a direct result of the deal, the two filibustered nominees not mentioned in it (David W. McKeague and Richard Allen Griffin) were confirmed, as was Thomas B. Griffith, the person nominated to replace Miguel Estrada after his withdrawal. Griffith too had become the subject of controversy. Since Saad had no hope of a successful cloture vote to overcome his filibuster due to the deal, he withdrew his nomination in the spring of 2006. 
At the end of the 109th Congress, a new controversy arose over William Myers and three other Bush court of appeals nominees who had not been specifically mentioned in the Gang deal but were still subject to its provisions: Terrence Boyle, William J. Haynes, II and Michael B. Wallace. These nominations were returned to the White House according to Senate rules on August 3, 2006 in advance of the annual August recess of Congress. When the Senate returned in September, it was only for a short period before a break for the 2006 midterm election. Although Boyle, Myers, Haynes and Wallace were renominated, again no action was taken on them in the Senate Judiciary Committee before the break, and their nominations were sent back a second time to the White House on September 29.
After the November 7, 2006 election in which Democrats picked up six additional Senate seats, President Bush again renominated the candidates whose nominations had been sent back to him in September. The Republican Judiciary Committee chairman, Senator Arlen Specter, however, said that he would not process these nominees during the lame duck session of the 109th Congress.
110th Congress.
At the beginning of the 110th Congress in January 2007, President Bush did not renominate Boyle, Myers, Haynes and Wallace in an attempt at reconciliation with the Democrats. However, that did not stop many Bush judicial nominees from being blocked in committee by the new Democratic chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator Patrick Leahy. Among those stalled in committee until their nominations lapsed were appellate nominees Peter Keisler, Robert J. Conrad, Steve A. Matthews and Glen E. Conrad. 
Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic Majority Leader, and Chairman Leahy cited the previous controversy over President Clinton's court of appeals nominees in justifying why only ten Bush appellate nominees were confirmed during the 110th Congress. A total of eleven appellate seats with Bush nominees were left open at the end of the 110th Congress. Of those seats, two (i.e. the North Carolina and Maryland seats of the Fourth Circuit) had originally become available to fill during the administration of President Bill Clinton.
Others who were considered for nomination.
In the spring of 2001, then-Representative Christopher Cox and lawyer Peter Keisler were both considered for federal appellate judgeships. Cox was considered for a California seat on the Ninth Circuit and Keisler for a Maryland seat on the Fourth Circuit. Both withdrew themselves from consideration before a nomination could be made because their homestate Democratic senators objected to them due to their perceived conservatism. The California seat that Cox had been considered for was eventually filled by Bush nominee Carlos T. Bea. In 2005, Cox was nominated and confirmed as Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, a position he held until the end of the Bush administration in January 2009. The Maryland seat that Keisler had been considered for was to remain open the entirety of Bush's presidency with the failed nominations of Claude Allen and Rod J. Rosenstein. In 2006, Keisler was unsuccessfully nominated to a seat on the D.C. Circuit. In 2007, after the resignation of Alberto Gonzales, Keisler became the Acting Attorney General until the confirmation of Michael Mukasey. He left the Department of Justice in March 2008 to return to private practice.
Failed district court nominees.
Bush nominated 23 people for 23 current or future federal district judgeships who never were confirmed by the U.S. Senate. Like the appellate court nominations mentioned above, many of these nominees were blocked by Democrats in the Senate Judiciary Committee, which was controlled by the Democrats four out the eight years that Bush was in office. Twenty-one of these twenty-three nominees were blocked in the Democratic 110th Congress. Republicans claimed at the time that the Democrats were trying to keep these district court positions open for a future Democratic president to fill. Eventually, Bush declined to make nominations for 23 other current or future federal district judgeships in the 110th Congress.
Of the 23 federal district judgeship vacancies with actual nominees in place, 2 eventually were filled with a different Bush nominee, 14 so far have been filled with Barack Obama nominees, 4 remain open, 1 became moot when the district judge decided not to retire and 2 never ended up becoming vacant because the district judge who had it never received confirmation to be elevated to an appellate court. In addition, two of Bush's 23 failed district court nominees, Oregon's Marco Hernandez and Illinois' John J. Tharp, were subsequently renominated by Obama to federal district judgeships. They both were confirmed in the 112th Congress.
The failed Bush district court nominees:

</doc>
<doc id="19744795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744795" title="Chante Black">
Chante Black

Chante Black (born November 12, 1985 in Austin, Texas) is an American professional basketball player. She currently plays the center position for the Tulsa Shock in the WNBA.
High school.
Black played for East Forsyth High School in Kernersville, North Carolina, where she was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game where she scored three points.
WNBA.
Black was selected the first round of the 2009 WNBA Draft (10th overall) by the Connecticut Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="19744803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744803" title="Léopold Nord &amp; Vous">
Léopold Nord &amp; Vous

Léopold Nord & Vous, then Les Chéris, is a Belgian band founded in 1983. In France, it can be considered as a one-hit wonder for its single "C'est l'amour", but both band and members had a long and successful musical career in Belgium.
Biography.
The band was composed of three brothers : Alec (born on January 26, 1958), Benoît (February 9, 1964) and Hubert Mansion (October 7, 1960). In France, this trio remains famous for its 1987 hit song "C'est l'amour", its debut single, which was number 2 on the SNEP singles chart and certified Gold disc. The next singles, "Les Hippopotamtam" (1988) and "Des Filles et du Rock and roll" (1989) passed unnoticed and failed the chart. In 1990, the band decided to change its name and became "Les Chéris". Under this new name, the duet (Hubert Mansion has left the band then) released "On en a marre !" the same year, then "Mademoiselle qui passâtes", in 1991.
Alec Mansion debuted his singing career without his brothers. Already in the early 1980s, he released several singles whose sales were very confidential in France, but achieved success in Belgium and Canada. Belgian singer Muriel Dacq, who participated in the production of band's first single and who is mentioned in the credits on the back of the single cover for "C'est l'amour", was Alen Mansion's wife at the time. Mansion also wrote songs for various artists such as Flash Black ("Quand je pense à elle, est-ce qu'elle pense à moi?", in 1987, co-written with his wife), and Nathalie Pâque ("Noël différent", a Christmas song), and composed "Amour Amour", which represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987. After the band split off in 1993, he tried again a solo career, releasing, among other singles, "Pop show", "Saltimbanque" and "Say l'printemps", in 2006. He then created several advertising slogans, recorded a new album and began a concert tour called 'Pop Show' (same name of his album) throughout France, tour in which the singer performed songs with a choir and musicians. Alec has four children : Antoine (born in the 1980s), Charlotte (1990), Betty (1992) and Sébastian (1998).
In 2005, Benoît Mansion began to sing at the age of 18. He released his first solo album in 1994, "Le Bonheur c'est quand tu veux".
In 2008, Quentin Mosimann, the winner of Star Academy 7 in France, covered "C'est l'amour" on his debut album "Duel".

</doc>
<doc id="19744825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744825" title="Cernuella cisalpina">
Cernuella cisalpina

Cernuella cisalpina, sometimes known as the "maritime gardensnail", is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.
This is a small snail with a white and brown striped shell. 
This species creates and uses love darts in its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19744872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744872" title="CARICOM Regional Organisation for Standards and Quality">
CARICOM Regional Organisation for Standards and Quality

The CARICOM Regional Organisation for Standards and Quality (CROSQ) is a regional standards body for the Caribbean Community CARICOM bloc of countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19744887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744887" title="Kunming Medical University">
Kunming Medical University

Kunming Medical University, previously known as "Kunming Medical College", is a specialist medical school located in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, China.
History.
In 1933, Donglu University initiated a specialized associate program in medicine. This has evolved and grown into the Kunming Medical University (KMU) of today.
In 1937, the program expanded and became known as the School of Medicine of Yunnan University, formerly Donglu University. In 1956, the School became an independent medical education institution known as Kunming Medical College, and in 1993 was listed among the key higher education institutions in the province. In the over 70 years since its inception, Kunming Medical University has established itself as the largest specialized medical university in Yunnan and leads the way in medical education, scientific research and medical services.
Campus, Organization, Staff.
The university campus occupies 125.4 hectares. It has about 15,000 students, of which more than 1,400 are graduate students. The University has 6,000 staff, and over 1,150 are professors and associate professors.
The KMU has 13 schools, offering 15 Bachelor's Degree programs, 34 Master's Degree programs, and 1 Doctor's Degree program. It has 5 research institutes, 9 affiliated hospitals, 9 teaching hospitals, 39 practice hospitals, 9 forensic medicine sites, 6 preventive medicine practice sites, 4 pharmaceutical practice sites, and 2 optical practice sites. All of this provides KMU students a stable studying and practicing environment.
With a collection of nearly 100,000 books, the university library has been designated as Yunnan's Central Sharing Library Network of National Literature. It is also a First-class Repository for China's Medical and Academic Literature. KMU is a National Clinical Medicine Trial Center, and Yunnan Provincial Expert Testimony Center.
The 9 affiliated hospitals of Kunming Medical University have over 9,800 patient beds. Seven of the Affiliated Hospitals are accredited as Level-A Tertiary General Hospitals of China. The First Affiliated Hospital has over 3,000 outpatients per day and is the largest general hospital in the province. The Second Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University is among the "100 best general hospitals of China" and is the center for both human organ transplant and burn treatment in Yunnan. The Third Affiliated Hospital is the largest specialized cancer hospital in the province and houses three provincial cancer research centers. The Affiliated Stomatology Hospital has over 100 dental chairs and uses the most advanced technology available. It is the largest specialized Stomatology Hospital in Yunnan.
Yunnan boasts abundant natural resources with that, KMU is carrying on extensive scientific research on Yunnan’s commonly encountered, endemic and frequently encountered diseases, and constantly uses the most advanced technologies for diagnosis and treatment. KMU is involved in several phases of scientific research. This includes basic research, application research and developmental research, involving multiple subjects and multiple specialties. KMU is responsible for large numbers of national and provincial key scientific projects and international cooperation programs. Since 2004, there have been over 800 scientific research won awards on the national and provincial levels, as well as national invention awards, national scientific technology conference awards, and many others. KMU is a leader in the provincial medicine and health field.
International exchange.
Kunming Medical University has made remarkable achievements in the area of international exchange and cooperation. It has launched inter-institutional academic partnerships and exchange programs with more than 100 medical schools and institutions in the countries worldwide, such as the U.S.A., the UK, India, France, Sweden, Italy, Germany, Australia, Japan, Thailand and Vietnam. It also conferred the titles of honorary professor and guest professor to more than 60 foreign scholars.
Programs.
Bachelor's programs.
KMU provides Bachelor’s programs in 15 fields:
Master's programs.
KMU provides Master's programs (3 years) in 34 fields:
Doctorate.
KMU also provides one Doctorate program (3 years):

</doc>
<doc id="19744911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744911" title="Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Greece)">
Euro gold and silver commemorative coins (Greece)

Euro gold and silver commemorative coins are special euro coins minted and issued by member states of the Eurozone, mainly in gold and silver, although other precious metals are also used in rare occasions. Greece was one of the first twelve countries in the Eurozone that introduced the euro (€) on 1 January 2002. Since 2003, the Mint of Greece have been minting both normal issues of Greek euro coins, which are intended for circulation, and commemorative euro coins in gold and silver.
These special coins have a legal tender only in Greece, unlike the normal issues of the Greek euro coins, which have a legal tender in every country of the Eurozone. This means that the commemorative coins made of gold and silver cannot be used as money in other countries. Furthermore, as their bullion value generally vastly exceeds their face value, these coins are not intended to be used as means of payment at all—although it remains possible. For this reason, they are usually named Collectors' coins.
The coins usually commemorate the anniversaries of historical events or draw attention to current events of special importance. Greece mints four of these coins on average per year, mainly in silver, with a typical face value of €10. However, to celebrate the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, Greece minted almost three times more than normal number of coins in 2003 and 2004, in both gold and silver.
Summary.
As of 27 October 2008, 36 variations of Greek commemorative coins have been minted: 15 in 2003, 12 in 2004, one in 2005, three in 2006, four in 2007 and one in 2008 so far. These special high-value commemorative coins are not to be confused with €2 commemorative coins, which are coins designated for circulation and do have legal tender status in all countries of the Eurozone.
The following table shows the number of coins minted per year. In the first section, the coins are grouped by the metal used, while in the second section they are grouped by their face value.

</doc>
<doc id="19744915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744915" title="Dancing on Ice (series 4)">
Dancing on Ice (series 4)

The fourth series of "Dancing on Ice" began on ITV on Sunday 11 January 2009. Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby returned as main presenters, while judges Karen Barber, Nicky Slater, Jason Gardiner, Ruthie Henshall, and Robin Cousins returned as well.
The final was on Sunday 22 March 2009 and was won by Ray Quinn.
Contestants.
The line-up was revealed on 5 January 2009 with thirteen couples competing, including Michael Underwood, who returned to compete after pulling out last year due to injury. The celebrities and their partners are:
Scoring chart.
Green scores indicate the highest skating score of the week.
"Red scores" indicate the lowest skating score of the week.
"—" indicates the couple that did not skate that week
Average score chart.
This table only counts for dances scored on a traditional 30-point scale.
Live show details.
Week 2 (18 January 2009).
Eliminated: Gemma & Andrei
Week 3 (25 January 2009).
In the skate-off, Ellery and Jeremy were found to be in the bottom two with both the Judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Jeremy & Darya
Week 4 (1 February 2009).
In the skate-off, Melinda and Michael were found to be in the bottom two with both the Judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Michael & Melanie
Week 5 (8 February 2009).
In the skate-off, Ellery and Todd were found to be in the bottom two with both the Judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Todd and Susie
Week 6 (15 February 2009).
In the skate-off, Ellery and Melinda were found to be in the bottom two with both the Judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Ellery & Frankie
Week 7 (22 February 2009).
In the skate-off, Melinda and Jessica were found to be in the bottom two with both the Judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Melinda & Fred
Week 8 (1 March 2009).
In the skate-off, Roxanne and Zoe were found to be in the bottom two with both the judges' scores and public votes combined.
Eliminated: Roxanne & Daniel
Week 9 (8 March 2009).
In the skate-off, Jessica and Zöe were found to be in the bottom two with both the judges' scores and public votes combined.
Judges' votes to save
Eliminated: Zöe & Matt
Week 10: Semi-Final (15 March 2009).
In the skate-off, Donal and Coleen were found to be in the bottom two with both the judges' scores and public votes combined.
Judges' votes to save
Eliminated: Coleen & Stuart
Week 11: Finale (22 March 2009).
After Round 1, voting lines opened and votes were cast during the second performances. Lines soon closed and third place was announced, meaning they would not be performing Bolero, even though they had practiced it all week.
Eliminated: Jessica and Pavel with 15.367% to win.
1st Ray and Maria with 63.837%
2nd Donal and Florentine with 20.796%
Winner: Ray and Maria with 75.022% to win
Runner-up: Donal and Florentine 24.978% to win

</doc>
<doc id="19744927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744927" title="Cernuella hydruntina">
Cernuella hydruntina

Cernuella hydruntina is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.
This species creates and uses love darts in its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19744930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744930" title="Gammuto">
Gammuto

Gammuto is an Italian surname. It originated in the village of Longobucco, which is in the Province of Cosenza. The origins or meaning of the name are not known. Descendants of the original family can be found in the follocwing regions of Italy:
Calabria, Piemonte, Campania, Abruzzo, Lazio, Toscana, Liguria, Piemonte, Lombardia.
Emigrants.
Between 1902 and 1906, members of the Gammuto family emigrated to the United States from Longobucco. Their descendants can be found in Illinois, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Washington. At the same time, other Gammuto family members emigrated to Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="19744950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744950" title="Hemileuca nevadensis">
Hemileuca nevadensis

The Nevada Buck Moth is a species in the Saturniidae family.
Description.
The female tends to be larger than the male, while males have black abdomens with red tips. The upperside of the wing is creamy white with black edges, each wing has "eyes" or black dots.
Distribution.
They range from the west coast all the way east to Wisconsin and Michigan. There have been a few sightings in New York, but not enough to confirm it as a localized species.
Life cycle.
There is one brood between September and December during that time the adult will lay eggs in rings around the twigs of the host plant. Once the caterpillars are ready to pupate they spin loose cocoons in plant litter near their host plant.
Larval foods.
The adults don't feed.

</doc>
<doc id="19744955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744955" title="Southwest Forestry University">
Southwest Forestry University

Southwest Forestry University (), SWFU, is a specialist forestry university located in Kunming City, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19744967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744967" title="Kumbur">
Kumbur

Kumbur (Koombur, Kumboor), is a farming village of 202 houses in Mannavanur Panchayat, at the end of the road west from Kodaikanal in Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is at the head of the Kumbur River in Manjampatti Valley drainage basin. Altitude is 
Employment.
There are about 500 Chettiar and Asari residents, most of whom are farmers and laborers growing potatoes, carrots, cabbage and garlic. Out of 245 households reporting income, the means of livelihood are: casual labour 91, subsistence cultivation 61, artisan 92 and salary 1. Some of the inhabitants work in Kodaikanal and have regular income.
Health.
There is a paramedical visit once per month and villagers have the opportunity to visit a medical clinic in Mannavanor 7 km away by road. Clean drinking water is supplied by a piping system from a deep underground source with 179 households supplied from the source within an elevation of less than 50 meters and 63 households supplied from the source greater than 50 meters. There is a lack of sanitary latrine facilities., Out of a total of 245 homes: 155 use open defection and 90 use a group latrine with regular water supply. 
Education.
There are 4 primary schools and 1 upper primary school, (See photo of a one teacher school in Kumboor Village. The venue is village Chawadi (market).)
There are 245 children 5–14 years old, of whom 152 are working and not going to school, 75 are going to school and working and 18 are going to school and not working.

</doc>
<doc id="19744991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19744991" title="Corneliu">
Corneliu

Corneliu is a Romanian given name, derived from Latin "Cornelius". Corneliu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745014" title="Agwa de Bolivia">
Agwa de Bolivia

Agwa de Bolivia (usually shortened to AGWA) is a herbal liqueur made with Bolivian coca leaves and 37 other natural herbs and botanicals including green tea, ginseng, and guarana, distilled and produced in Amsterdam by BABCO Europe Limited. The coca leaf content of the drink, like that in Coca-Cola, has the cocaine alkaloids removed during production, and does not contain the drug. 
History.
The AGWA brand claims a longstanding heritage that honors traditional Bolivian coca leaf liqueurs, the first of which was produced by the De Medici family in Bologna in 1820. Previous to this however the coca leaf had been used for thousands of years by the native South American population. However, they for the most part chewed the leaf; by comparison, the making of alcoholic drinks was of a more limited scope. These older variants of the liqueur were enjoyed by many in anecdotal accounts, including Rudyard Kipling, who described the drink as being made "from the clippings and shavings of angels' wings". AGWA itself claims to build upon this long standing tradition of coca leaf infused liquor.
Production.
The leaves used for the production of AGWA are picked at 2000 metres above sea level in the Andes. The leaves are then shipped under armed guard to Amsterdam, where they are distilled to a strength of 78-88% alc./vol. and 36 other botanical elements are added. This distillate is then reduced to 30% ABV.
Legality.
Agwa de Bolivia has been approved for consumption by the European Union Narcotics commission, U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and TTB (Homeland security finished liquid & label).
Museum.
AGWA also plays an integral role in the coca leaf museum in Amsterdam. The museum deals with the history of the coca leaf from its use in ancient rituals to the modern day use of it in the illegal drug trade.

</doc>
<doc id="19745054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745054" title="Elysia ornata">
Elysia ornata

Elysia ornata, commonly known as ornate elysia or ornate leaf slug, is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk. This sea slug superficially resembles a nudibranch, yet it does not belong to that suborder of gastropods. Instead it is a member of the closely related clade Sacoglossa, the "sap-sucking" sea slugs.
Description.
"Elysia ornata" can grow to about in length. 
It is a translucent greenish-yellow colour speckled with white and black. It has broad parapodia each edged with an orange band and a black margin. The rhinophores are similarly coloured with a band of orange and dark tips.
Distribution.
"Elysia ornata" is a tropical species found in both the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19745070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745070" title="Anica">
Anica

Anica is a female given name used among Romanians, Serbs, Slovenes, Croats, etc. It is derived from Anna. Anica may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745081" title="Do What You Do (Mudvayne song)">
Do What You Do (Mudvayne song)

"Do What You Do" is the second track and first single released from the album, "The New Game", by American heavy metal band Mudvayne. 
"Do What You Do" is their second-most successful single, reaching number two on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart. Mudvayne announced in an interview on Fuse's No. 1 Countdown that "Do What You Do" will have a video. Along with "A New Game", "Do What You Do" includes a guitar solo; the first since "Fear", from their EP, "The Beginning of All Things to End".

</doc>
<doc id="19745125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745125" title="KC College of Engineering, Thane">
KC College of Engineering, Thane

K C College of engineering (KCCOE) is a private engineering college located in Thane, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The college is affiliated to the University of Mumbai and approved by Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), Maharashtra State and All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi. 
K.C college of Engineering (Krishana Chandra College of Engineering) was established in 2001 which is under MUMBAI university, comprising the faculties of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, Computer Engineering and Information Technology Engineering.
History.
The college was established in 2001 by Excelsior Education Society offering three branches namely Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering, Computer Engineering and Information Technology Engineering.Later On 2008 Electronics Engineering was introduced.
Academics.
KCCOE offers undergraduate courses of study in engineering. The four year undergraduate programme leads to the degree of Bachelor of Engineering (BE). The courses offered are:
Intakes.
Electronics and Telecommunication - 90
Computer Engineering - 90
Information Technology - 60
Electronics - 60

</doc>
<doc id="19745138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745138" title="Ellen Miller (banker)">
Ellen Miller (banker)

Ellen Miller is an Executive Fellow at the London Business School and an independent consultant with a portfolio of board positions. Her areas of interest include diversity, career transition, leadership and management. She was involved in setting up the Centre for Women in Business at London Business School, she advises the Women in Business Club and serves on the Sloan Women’s Fellowship Review Panel. Her board positions include the Advisory Committee for Management Education at INSEAD, the International Advisory Board of SDA Bocconi, the Development Board of the Bodleian Library of Oxford University and the Higher Education Funding Council of England’s Committee on Employability and Skills. Miller spent 25 years in investment banking, most recently as a Managing Director at Lehman Brothers and was responsible for graduate recruitment, academic relations and training and development. She helped establish the Lehman Brothers Centre for Women in Business with Laura D'Andrea Tyson at the London Business School and is a member of its Advisory Committee. 
Career notes.
Miller was in the investment banking industry for almost 25 years and has been based in London since 1988. She joined Lehman Brothers in 1991 and has held a number of senior positions across several divisions during her tenure. Key positions include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19745177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745177" title="SE&amp;CV">
SE&amp;CV

SE&CV is an N-Scale (1:160) model railroad. The model covers an area of and the overall footprint is (16' x 10'). It is a non-DCC layout using 8 DC model locomotives.
The model railroad is notably the only N-Scale model railroad in Mesa, Arizona, holding sessions open to the public.
Overview of the model.
The SE&CV is an N-Scale model railroad that runs east from the fictional cities of Stevensville in south central Pennsylvania through the mountains to Central Valley and Mineville. The line continues eastward from Mineville through Proctor and No Name to Eastport, the northern most deepwater port on the Susquehanna River. West from Stevensville the SE&CV passes through Joshua Junction to connect with the Pennsylvania RR Bedford Branch in Bedford, Pennsylvania. Freight traffic is exchanged and there is daily special run passenger service from the Pennsylvania mainline to Stevensville by various Class 1 Railroads to reach a fictional 1952 World's Fair in Stevensville.
History.
Construction started in 1996.
The original model layout had two major industries, a coal mine and a power plant. There are three other industries in the same industrial area (Central Valley) as the power plant (flour mill, freight forwarder, generic factory). The two major industries gave presented a good operating flow for the initial layout. The other industries were not major traffic flows until future expansion projects.
Growth timeline.
2003.
The first expansion was to add a large staging/classification yard off the right-hand end. The layout was 2' by 8.5' and included a city and industrial area called Stevensville, which contained a Wye in the corner where it joined the original section permitting model trains leaving the staging area to go either direction and in effect created a point to point operating scheme.
2004.
The second expansion added an additional 4' x 2' extension off the far and of the staging/classification yard for a fictional port area named James Port. Each end of the yard represented a different location: Stevensville; and, James Port.
2005.
The model railroad was physically relocated from Arkansas to Arizona
Physical limitations at the new location called required the removal of James Port section from the end of the Stevensville module. Nine inches were added to the width of the Stevensville module and there is now a classification yard with the original yard now functioning as an arrival/departure yard.
Mainline expansion (2006-2007).
Construction started in January 2006 to extend the mainline east from Mineville to Eastport and west from Joshua Junction to Bedford (represented by a three siding staging loop). Mainline track work was complete and operational in April 2007. The Cannery and B&O interchange were then added in Eastport followed by construction of sidings and switchback in No Name.
Operator sessions.
The SE&CV Model Railroad is one a few model railroads in the East Valley of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area that holds regular operating sessions. Attendance varies from bi-weekly to bi-weekly meetings, but has slowly grown, drawing a crowd of 5 to 10 people on average per event.

</doc>
<doc id="19745178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745178" title="Macross Ace Frontier">
Macross Ace Frontier

Gameplay.
It is a 3D shooter action game with multiplayer capability (1 - 4 Players) over the PSP "ad hoc" feature. It features various characters and mecha from the last 25 years of the series, ranging from the VF-1 Valkyrie up to the most recent variable fighter craft in the "Macross" universe, including the VF-25 Messiah and also featuring the VF-0, the VF-19 Custom Fire Valkyrie as well as various enemy class mecha from Zentradi, Varauta, Anti-UN and Vajra forces. The game was developed using the "Gundam Battle" engine. 
Game modes.
The game allows Single player and four-player Network modes. Single mode includes Campaign and Freeplay. Network mode can be played ad hoc with up to four players, and it is compatible with "adhoc Party for PlayStation Portable" beta version for PlayStation Network.
Gallery mode gathers unlockable collectible items such as character profiles (with voice preview), mecha profiles (with 3D model preview), pictures and songs.
Sequels.
The success of "Macross Ace Frontier" resulted in a sequel called Macross Ultimate Frontier. The six "Macross" installments included in "Ace Frontier" are also supplemented in the sequel by "Dynamite 7" and "Macross II". The game also features playable mecha from the videogames "Macross Digital Mission VF-X2" and "Macross M3".
New game elements include additional variable fighters, a “Missile Alert” system, new pilot and operator characters created exclusively for the game by "Macross" character designer Haruhiko Mikimoto, and special missions as they were played out in their respective series, including those from the antagonists' point of view. The loading screens also feature screenshots from all "Macross" installments. "Ultimate Frontier" was released in October 2009 in Japan.
The game is available in standard and limited versions. The latter features a preview of the first "Macross Frontier" movie (being released in Japan on November 21, 2009), a UMD which features all the opening and end titles from all the Macross titles released so far and an interview with "Macross" creator Shoji Kawamori.
A new sequel called "Macross Triangle Frontier" was released during February 2011 in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19745186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745186" title="Jimmy Baxter (footballer born 1925)">
Jimmy Baxter (footballer born 1925)

James Cunningham "Jimmy" Baxter (8 November 1925 – May 1994) was a professional footballer who played for Dunfermline Athletic, Barnsley, Preston North End and Morecambe. Born in Dunfermline, Scotland, he scored more than a hundred Football League goals, and was part of the Preston North End team in the 1954 FA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="19745193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745193" title="Kuroshio (train)">
Kuroshio (train)

The is a limited express train service in Japan connecting Kyoto, Shin-Ōsaka, Tennōji, Wakayama, Kii-Tanabe, Shirahama, and Shingu via the Tōkaidō Main Line (JR Kyoto Line), Osaka Loop Line, Hanwa Line, and Kisei Line (Kinokuni Line), operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). This article covers the derivative limited express trains, "" and "", the names of which were discontinued from start of the revised timetable on 17 March 2012.
Rolling stock used.
New 287 series EMUs were introduced on "Kuroshio" services from start of the revised timetable on 17 March 2012. From the same date, the "Super Kuroshio" and "Ocean Arrow" service names were discontinued, with services integrated with "Kuroshio" services.

</doc>
<doc id="19745196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745196" title="Herbert Greene">
Herbert Greene

Herbert Greene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745200" title="Alfred Ryan">
Alfred Ryan

Alfred James 'Bulla' Ryan (27 April 1904 – 10 July 1990) was an Australian sportsman. He represented South Australia at both first-class cricket and Australian rules football. His cricket was played mostly in the Sheffield Shield and he spent his football career with South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Cricket.
Ryan, a right-hander, batted in the middle and lower order for South Australia. He was part of South Australia's 1935/36 Sheffield Shield winning campaign, captained by Don Bradman. That season, in a match against Queensland at Brisbane, Ryan made his highest first-class score of 144.
He represented an Australia XI, against the Marylebone Cricket Club at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 1936. He scored 40 not out and took the wicket of Arthur Fagg. A right-arm medium pace bowler, he had previously played against Marylebone with South Australia at Adelaide a year earlier and took career best figures of 4/13. His haul included English Test cricketer Joe Hardstaff.
In 2008 Bulla was named as a player in the team of the 20th century for the Adelaide Cricket Club.
Football.
Ryan was one of five brothers who played at South Adelaide during the 1920s and 1930s. Debuting in 1922, he was used initially as a key forward and topped South Adelaide's goal-kicking every season from 1924 to 1927, with over 50 goals on each occasion. A South Adelaide 'Best and fairest' winner in 1924 and 1928, Ryan finished his career as a rover. He retired in 1931, having played 146 senior games for South Adelaide and was later named as right half forward flanker in their official 'Greatest Team'.
He regularly represented South Australia at interstate football, appearing in the 1924 Hobart and 1927 Melbourne carnivals as a forward. In all he represented his state 24 times and kicked 73 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19745240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745240" title="Corridart">
Corridart

Corridart (stylized as Corrid'Art) was an almost 6-km-long public exhibit of monumental installation artwork that took place in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on Sherbrooke Street for about two full days in the summer of 1976. It was intended to be the principal arts and cultural component of the 1976 Summer Olympics. The exhibit showcased approximately 60 artists and had stages at two points along the street to host some 700 performances throughout the duration of the games. Moreover, Corridart was further designed to specifically showcase Quebec artists and the local arts community.
Corridart included artworks that engaged with the history of Montreal as well as the social, and economic problems that were then current within the city, province, country and world, reflecting the difficulties in striking a societal balance between increasing globalization and the desire for a national identity. Sherbrooke Street was chosen because it provided the most direct link between the urban core and the Olympic Park in the East End. Moreover, it was a street caught in the middle of Montreal's metamorphosis, as the artists were additionally commenting on the Drapeau administration's approval of the demolition of many heritage properties on that storied street.
Unfortunately Corridart never officially opened to the public. In a controversial decision, Mayor Jean Drapeau had them torn down two days before the Olympic games began. 
Most of the works were destroyed, leading to a legal battle that lasted for ten years and saw very little compensation awarded to the artists. The total cost in 1976 dollars for the project was a scant $386,000 (about $1.5 million in 2011 Canadian dollars), and it was considered an expensive mistake by city officials.
On July 1, 2001, the Leonard & Bina Ellen Art Gallery at Concordia University honored Corridart by presenting an exhibition for the 25th anniversary of its destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="19745243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745243" title="Ken Rich">
Ken Rich

Ken Rich (born 1967 in Seattle, Washington) is an American producer/engineer/ composer and musician. He began playing violin at age 5, tuba at age 9 and moved on to the electric bass at age 15. After majoring in philosophy at Oberlin College while pursuing intensive jazz studies with Wendell Logan and Donald Byrd, he moved to New York City in 1991. He quickly ensconced himself in the session and live music scene of New York playing bass on David Byrne's "It Goes Back", "Offbeat - a Red Hot Soundtrip", Shabba Ranks' 1993 Grammy Award winning album "X-Tra Naked", and Laurie Anderson's "In Our Sleep" with Lou Reed. Mr. Rich was a member of Babatunde Olatunji’s NYC-based band from 1994 until Olatunji's death in 2004.
Those sessions inspired Rich to develop his own home studios in the East Village and Brooklyn apartments where he produced Joseph Arthur’s album “Our Shadows Will Remain” which was voted Entertainment Weekly’s Album of the Year in 2004 and Chris Rubin’s (Rolling Stone) Number One album of 2004. He also co-produced Mr. Arthur’s “You’re so True” which appeared on the Grammy-nominated Shrek 2 Soundtrack. From those home studios Mr. Rich also produced Tracy Bonham’s “Blink The Brightest” (Zoe Records), Rene Lopez’s “One Man’s Year” and Morley’s “Days Like These” (Universal France) which Time magazine said “embodies modern-day NY femininity in all its multicultural finesse”.
In 2007 Ken Rich opened Grand Street Recording in Williamsburg, Brooklyn where his credits include Ani DiFranco “Red Letter Year” (Righteous Babe Records-2008), The Gutter Twins “Saturnalia” (Sub-Pop-2008), Lucinda Black Bear “Capo My Heart and Other Bear Songs” (2008), Noe Venable Summer Storm Journals (2008), Fionnn O’Lochlainn “Spawn of the Beast” (2008), The Compulsions EPs Laughter From Below (2004), Demon Love-2008, and High as Hell (2009), William Hart Strecker “Smoke and Clouds” (2005) and “All This Dreaming” (2007), Ward White “”Pulling Out” (2008), Greg Tannen “Rocket” (2008), The Key Party's Hit or Miss, named CMJ album of the day (CMJ 2007) and the SF Chronicle’s Download of the Week in 2007. and “My Blacks Don’t Match” (2009), and the Brooklyn Boogaloo Blowout’s 7” ep featuring Leah Siegel (2009),
In 2008, Rich's score and sound design for Alex Lyras’s play “The Common Air” were nominated for 2008 Garland Awards and won the 2008 Ovation Award for Intimate Theater and the 2008 LA Drama Critics Circle Sound Design Award.
Ken Rich continues to produce, engineer, mix, master and still plays an occasional bass gig.
See also.
Grand Street Recording
The Common Air

</doc>
<doc id="19745248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745248" title="KANM">
KANM

KANM Student Radio, "the College station of College Station," is the Student radio station at Texas A&M University. It operates on the Texas A&M campus cable television system at channel 88, and through an online stream and downloads. Like some other college radio stations, KANM's DJs program their own shows, playing music encompassing virtually any genre, from "indie rock and indie pop, alternative, electronic, emo, punk, hip-hop, metal, jazz, and much, much more" with the mission of providing, "non-commercial music and views to the Bryan-College Station community that aren't available on other local or popular national media."
KANM was founded in 1972 and is a recognized student organization at Texas A&M, one of the top ten largest universities in the U.S. with over 10,000 on-campus resident students. In the most recent month of SHOUTcast data (September 2008), KANM was one of the top college radio streams and among the top Internet streams in general, with nearly 500,000 stream connections. The station's web site claims that, at over 35 years old, it is likely the oldest surviving cable FM station in the country to have never transitioned to licensed over-the-air operation. Since the late 1990s, KANM has adopted other forms of broadcasting to augment the originally cable FM-only service, adding a Part 15 unlicensed AM broadcast and becoming an early adopter of Internet streaming audio in 1998. More recently, a campus cable television channel and downloads have also been added.
As of the fall semester of 2013, KANM now only broadcasts on their website and campus television channel 88. 

</doc>
<doc id="19745249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745249" title="The Greatest Hits EP">
The Greatest Hits EP

The Greatest Hits EP is The Drama Club's first and only release before being signed to a major record label (One Eleven Records). The EP was sold throughout the band's hometown, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. The band sold approximately 2,500 CDs regionally.
Band members.
The EP was recorded with the following band members:

</doc>
<doc id="19745254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745254" title="2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification">
2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification

This page describes the qualifying procedure for the 2010 European Men's Handball Championship.
The 2010 European Men's Handball Championship qualification matches took place from October 2008 to June 2009. In a new format approved by the European Handball Federation (EHF), only Austria (host nation) and Denmark (defending champion) qualified automatically for the final tournament, while all other national teams had to play the qualification round to reach the European Championship.
Qualification system.
For the 2010 European Championship, a new qualification system was used for the first time, following its approval by the European Handball Federation (EHF) at its 9th extraordinary congress, in Lillehammer, Norway, on January 26, 2008. Under this new system, all participating national teams, except the host country and defending champion teams, had to play the qualification round in order to reach the final round tournament.
Sixteen teams were to participate in the final tournament in Austria, whose team qualified directly by virtue of being the host nation, along with Denmark, the 2008 champion. From EHF's 50 member federations, 38 had initially registered for the qualification matches, but with the withdrawal of Georgia and Moldova, only 36 teams played for the 14 final places still available. These teams were drawn into six groups of five teams and one group of six teams. Each team played twice against all the other teams in its group, in a home-and-away basis, and at the completion of all matches, the top two teams from each group qualify for the final tournament.
Seeding.
The draw for the qualification round was held on April 18, 2008, during the EHF Competitions Conference, in Vienna. Teams were allocated to several pots according to EHF's national team ranking, and were successfully drawn so that each qualification group contained one team from each pot. Teams ranked 1–4 were drawn into one of the five-team groups.
Tiebreakers.
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings.
Summary.
Below is a table containing all seven qualifying groups. Teams that have secured a place in the final tournament are highlighted in green. The order of teams is by final group position.
Groups.
The qualifying process started in October 2008. Austria was granted places in the tournament finals as host nations.
The draw for the qualification round defined the groups shown below. A provisional match schedule was elaborated and distributed to all national federations taking part in this round, and following negotiations a final schedule was approved. 
The qualification matches began on October 29, 2008, and ended on June 21, 2009.
Key:
Group 7.
Notes on the tie-breaking situation:

</doc>
<doc id="19745258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745258" title="Title-transfer theory of contract">
Title-transfer theory of contract

The title-transfer theory of contract (TTToC) is a legal interpretation of contracts developed by economist Murray Rothbard and jurist Williamson Evers. The theory interprets all contractual obligations in terms of property rights, viewing a contract as a bundle of title transfers. The TTToC stands in oppositions to most mainstream contract theories which view contractual obligations as the result of a binding promise. Proponents of the approach often claim it is superior on grounds of both consistency and ethical considerations. The TTToC is often supported by libertarians.
Interpretation of contracts.
The TTToC considers a contract to be a transfer of property titles between parties to the contract. Title transfers can be conditional, implying a title transfer is to take effect only if a specified condition is met, as well as future oriented implying a title transfer is to take effect at a specified future point in time. For example, in a loan contract the lender transfers title to the principal to the borrower, and the borrower transfers to the lender a future title to the amount of the principal plus the interest. When the loan matures the transfer of title from borrower to lender takes effect, and the lender is entitled to obtain the money, which now belongs to him. Another example is a service provision contract in which the service consumer transfers a future title of money to a service provider "on the condition" that a certain act of service is performed. If the service is not provided the condition of the transfer is not met and the conditional title transfer of money does not take effect. Contracts can be agreed upon either by explicit verbal agreement (as is the case with formal written contracts) or by implicit representation of agreement (as is the case when a restaurant order is placed by a passerby).
Fraud.
Under the TTToC breach of contract is only what can be interpreted as an act of theft. For example, if a specified condition for a conditional title transfer from party A to party B is not met, yet party B still captures possession of the property he is not entitled to, he has committed theft, whether the possession was taken by force, or by false representation of fact creating the impression the transfer conditions has been met. 
If a service provider has failed to perform an act of service, he has not committed theft. In such cases provisions should be made in advanced for the non-breaching party to be entitled to compensation, in the condition of a failure to provide the agreed upon service.
Implications.
Since the TTToC is based on property rights, it is compatible with the non-aggression principle. The TTToC ensures ownership of every owned good is well defined at any point in time. Contracts regarding unalienable property titles are not binding. Some argue that since ownership of one's body is unalienable, voluntary slavery contracts are not binding under the TTToC. Promises that are not made with the intention of being legally binding are also non-enforceable under the TTToC.

</doc>
<doc id="19745268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745268" title="Ahmed Shaaban">
Ahmed Shaaban

Ahmed Shaaban, () (born 10 October 1978) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays as a defensive midfielder for the Egyptian club Petrojet as well as Egypt national football team.
He was a member of Egypt's squad in Ghana 2008 African Cup of Nations. He also appeared in one qualifying match for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19745279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745279" title="John Sawruk">
John Sawruk

John Sawruk (November 23, 1946 - November 12, 2008) is was an American executive. He was also the official historian of the Pontiac Motor Division of GM.
John was a licensed engineer, receiving his Bachelor of Science in mechanical engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology and his MBA from Wayne State University.
In 1978, a highlight of this career was presented with the prestigious Boss Kettering Award from General Motors.
He held a U.S. patent for an engine with charge equalizing intake manifold on the 4-cylinder “Iron Duke” engine.
After retiring, John enjoyed attending car enthusiast events, often speaking at technical sessions of the GTO Association of America (GTOAA). He would bring his black 1971½ Pontiac GT-37, a rare car of historical significance. Pontiac only produced a few thousand of the GT-37's in 1970 and 1971, a car based on the same body platform as the more numerous and popular Pontiac GTO.
Death.
John was diagnosed with kidney cancer in 1997 and was doing well until November 2007. Typically once someone has been diagnosed with kidney cancer, they only have a 5% chance to live beyond one year. John went through two surgeries and many different experimental drugs over his last few years to be able to live an additional 11 years beyond the odds. On September 30, 2008 the doctor gave him six months, or less, to live and on the morning of November 12, 2008 he died at age 61, just 11 days before his 62nd birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19745281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745281" title="Hygromia cinctella">
Hygromia cinctella

Hygromia cinctella, known commonly as the girdled snail, is a small European species of air-breathing land snail in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Hygromiidae.
Distribution.
This snail is native to various European countries, including France, Switzerland, Italy, and Slovenia. It has been introduced and became established in Great Britain, Austria, and Hungary.
Behavior.
This species creates and uses love darts in its mating behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="19745282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745282" title="United States Senate election in Wisconsin, 2004">
United States Senate election in Wisconsin, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Wisconsin was held November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Russ Feingold won re-election to a third term.
Campaign.
Michels insisted he has more real world experience than Feingold, someone he called an "extreme liberal" who's out of touch with Wisconsin voters. Feingold attacked back by saying that any Republican would be a rubber stamp for President Bush. The incumbent had $2.2 million in the bank, while Michels had already spent $1 million in the primary and had only about $150,000 left.
After U.S. Senator John Ensign, Chairman of the NRSC, was finally convinced in October that Michels had a shot, the national GOP pledged $600,000 for Tim Michels.
On October 1st, a poll showed Feingold leading 52% to 39%. In mid October, another poll showed Feingold winning 48% to 43%. A poll at the end of the month showed him leading 51% to 36%.

</doc>
<doc id="19745283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745283" title="Woman Doctor">
Woman Doctor

Woman Doctor (, pronounced "Joi", alternative name in ) is a 1999 Japanese TV drama broadcast on NTV.

</doc>
<doc id="19745291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745291" title="N. K. Premachandran">
N. K. Premachandran

N. K. Premachandran is an Indian politician. He is the former minister for Water Resources in the government of Kerala, and is responsible for irrigation, ground water development, water supply and sanitation.
Education.
LLB Passed with First Rank in 1985
BSc
References.
He was instrumental in taking up the issue of the safety of Mullaperiyar dam. Now, he has got a death threat for taking up the issue. 
He initiated a number of innovative steps in drinking water sector. He began the consultancy wing of Kerala Water Authority called Wascon and mooted the bottled water plant and pipe factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19745307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745307" title="Elysia timida">
Elysia timida

Elysia timida is a species of sacoglossan sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk. It feeds on the algae Acetabularia acetabulum (from which it keeps the chloroplasts, that are able to continue photosynthesis in the slug's tissues) and Padina pavonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19745312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745312" title="Ernest Beardshaw">
Ernest Beardshaw

Ernest Colin Beardshaw (20 November 1912–1977) was a professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Gateshead, Stockport County, Bradford City and Southport and also Non-League for Peterborough United. He was born in Crawcrook, near Gateshead, County Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="19745314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745314" title="Cutbank River">
Cutbank River

Cutbank River is a river in western Alberta, Canada. It is a major tributary of the Smoky River.
It originates in the boreal forest of the Rocky Mountains foothills, on the south-eastern flanks of Nose Mountain, and flows east into the Smoky River. Before emptying in the Smoky, it is crossed by Bighorn Highway. From its springs at , it falls to an elevation of at its mouth.
The river is known for northern pike, walleye and bull trout fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="19745319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745319" title="Victorian Railways bogie guards vans">
Victorian Railways bogie guards vans

As the Victorian Railways' fleet of Z vans began to age, the railways decided to invest in bogie designs for vans. Some van designs were included in a class of new passenger vehicles. Many other vans, for both freight and passenger work, were built separately from any other rollingstock developments, and these are the ones that feature here in detail.
Passenger Guard's vans.
C vans.
It is important to note that there were 3 versions of Van to use the classification C, The 1888 version with the cupolas in the middle, the 1895 version which was an extended Z van with four goods doors each side instead of 2 and ran on 2 4 wheel bogies, they were the same length as a C Van, the Last Version is the 1960 C van later CA see below.
The first development in passenger guards vans, the DD class, totalling 44, was built between 1888 and 1893. They were 40 feet long, and sat on two bogies. They featured a centred cupola, made possible due to the lack of passenger compartments. Around 1890 some of the vans were fitted with end vestibules, and in 1893 the class was fitted with toilets for the guard.
In the 1910 recoding the DD vans became the C vans. Not much information is available on the vans between 1910 and 1950, so it is assumed that they were generally unaltered.
In 1908 vans 17 and 24 were modified for mail sorting use, and recoded DDMS. Circulars (internal rail notices) from the era noted that the two vans were used on the Bendigo service, one van on the 0645 Bendigo and the 1515 Melbourne trains, and the other van for the 1215 Bendigo and the 1850 Melbourne services. In the 1910 recoding the vans became the CDS class, still retaining numbers 1 and 2. In 1922 it was decided that the vans were no longer needed in mail traffic, so they were converted back to what was by then the C vans. They became C47 and C48 respectively, because the 1910 recoding had used their old numbers - the class had been renumbered to fill the gaps.
However, the renumbering had allowed for van C43 to be numbered as such. This van was similar to others in the class but it has a very different history. More information can be found here.
By the mid-1950s the vehicles were worn out and in need of replacement, after up to 70 years of hard service. Instead of creating a whole new class, under frames and bodies were repaired or replaced as required, retaining the same numbers. When this happened the vestibule connections on applicable vans were eliminated and boarded over.
Some of these vans also possessed a 'ducket', which was a small box with windows on the side of the van, to allow the guard to look down the side of the train. 'Duckets' were not always applied to both sides or both ends of the train - their application seems rather random.
18C is preserved by the Victorian Goldfields Railway. (Non operational).
28C is preserved by the Daylesford Spa Country Railway. (Non operational).
48C is preserved by Steamrail Victoria (Non operational).
CE vans.
The class started as the DVE's of 1906, numbers 1 to 16. In 1910 they became the CE's, and construction continued up to CE32 in 1923. In 1924 CE33-37 were built with elliptical roofs instead of clerestory.
CO vans.
In 1970 two Joint Stock guards vans were built for the Melbourne - Adelaide "The Overland" service. They were coded CO, and remained in use until 1994, when they were transferred to Australian National. They had both been on-sold by 1996.
CP vans.
From 1956 to 1958, 40 guards vans of the CP design were constructed by A.E. Goodwin (NSW), and painted in a Passenger Red livery. They were intended to run on passenger trains and some fast goods trains, and had a freight capacity of 10 tons. The vans were of all-steel construction and welded to an underframe, which rested on two 4-wheeled bogies fitted with roller bearings. The vans had many amenities, including a stainless steel wash basin, toilet, mirror and stove. The walls and ceilings were lined with wool and the interior lining was of painted plywood, while the floor was instulated with a rubber layer. All windows were of armour-plate safety glass. Earlier vans had three windows per sliding door, while later vans had one per sliding door. All vans were fitted with axle-mounted generators for electric lighting.</ref>
To eliminate the ZJF vans from service between Melbourne and Adelaide, nine of the 40 vans were recoded to JCP in the late 1960s, the 'J' representing "Joint Stock". They were not needed from the mid-1980s and so were then relettered back to CP with their old numbers.
Over time some members of the class were repainted into Wagon Red, representing their move from passenger to freight service.
Between 1983 and 1986 the entire class was recoded to VVCP. However in 1987 vans VVCP 34, 16, 25 and 6 were reclassed to CP 291-294 respectively and painted into the then-current V/Line orange livery. They were later transferred to West Coast Railway, and the code was altered to PCP. With the demise of West Coast Railway in 2004, PCP292 became the property of Steamrail who repainted the van blue and gold with Steamrail Victoria lettering. PCP 294 was acquired by 707 Operations and repainted in the Vintage Rail Travel red and silver livery with 707 Operation logos. Both vans are used as observation vans on railfan tours.
CW vans.
CW1-15 were built in 1913-14 with clerestory roofs. In 1935 vans 16-20 were built with elliptical roofs.
CV vans.
In 1898, vans 1 and 2 of the DV class were built, and these were unique in featuring duckets and a clean roofline rather than a raised guard's section at each end. In 1906 the class was expanded to 7, and in the 1910 recoding the class became CV1 through CV7.
Freight (and Mixed) Guard's Vans.
CA vans.
In 1960, because of the experiences encountered during rebuilding of the C vans, a new set of 15 C vans was built, numbered one to fifteen. These vans were intended for freight service. The remaining old C vans in that number range were renumbered to make room, but stayed as C vans.
The new C vans differed in that they were fitted with periscopes rather than cupolas, and that they were constructed from steel instead of wood.
By 1961 the class had been relettered to CA.
In the 1979 renumbering, the class was altered to become the VVAP's. However they did not last long, as the class was not relettered until 1983-1986, and by this time guards vans were being eliminated on freight trains.
MHN vans.
When the standard gauge was completed from Sydney to Melbourne, three Joint Stock guards vans were provided for the Southern Aurora service. The vans were numbered MHN 2364 to 2366, paid for by both Victoria and New South Wales, and were built by Commonwealth Engineering in NSW.
Between 1981 and 1984 MHN2366 was temporarily renumbered to 2866. In 1991 it was relettered to AHO. By this time all three vans were running in primarily NSW service.
ZJF vans.
In 1962 it was agreed by the Victorian Railways and the South Australian Railways to allow through-running of freight trains, and so seven members of the ZJF class were constructed. They had the same design as the ZF vans.
In 1963/64 the vans were given upgraded bogies and relettered to ZJP, indicating their suitability for passenger trains. In 1965 the vans were merged with the ZLP class of vans, and ZJP's 1 to 7 became ZLP 74, 80, 79, 77, 78, 75 and 76 respectively. They were replaced in Joint Stock service by the JCP freight vans.
ZLP vans.
As trains became faster in the early 1960s it was realised that new freight vans were necessary, in order to prevent the restrictions imposed by fixed-wheel vans on the end of a long bogie train. To this end, ZF1 to ZF45 were constructed.
Between 1963 and 1967 the vans received passenger-quality bogies and were reclassed to ZLP, but the original numbers were retained. They were now capable of 70mph working. Around the same time, another batch was constructed new. This consisted of ZLP's 46-73, none of which were ever lettered as ZF's.
The vans were used in both passenger and freight work within Victoria. By this point they had been joined by the ex-joint stock ZJF vans, to hold the number group of 1-80.
In 1968 ZLP32 was fitted with a generator to supply electricity to the Showmobile Train, which was an assortment of V-series passenger cars gutted and fitted with billboards.
When four-letter coding was introduced, the ZLP's became the VVBP's. It was at about this time that van scrappings had commenced, and so not all of the ZLP's made the coding jump.
1971 ZF vans.
As the Z fixed wheel vans were long overdue for retirement by the early 1970s, the railways decided to build a batch of ZF vans, numbered 1-50. These were different from the 1960s batch of ZF vans (which were by now the ZLP's), in that the design of the body had different window arrangements, different periscopes and different door locations.
The vans were intended for freight use only, hence the "F" but no "P" in the code.
Throughout the 1970s the vans underwent various changes. Early in the decade they gained vents in the guards compartment at floor level, and later in the decade some vans were modified to include crew compartments for travelling between depots. These wagons are recognisable by the extra, small sliding door at the crew end.
V/Line VZDY's.
In the 1983 van recoding, they were recoded to VVDY. At this time the Teacup livery was coming into use, and so an odd situation occurred - ZF 17 was one of the only items of rolling stock to be photographed with the "old" code, but the new logo.
As vans were eliminated from trains most of the ZF/VVDY class were scrapped or sold. Some of the remainder were used for maintenance trains and recoded VZDY, these being vans 9, 11, 14, 24, 27, 33, 40 and 46 whigh have retained their numbers. VZDY 40 was sold to the Bellarine Peninsula Railway and now runs on the 3'6" gauge.
MET VZDY's.
The MET also ran a VZDY class, numbers 51 - 54. These vans were painted in the MET green with yellow stripe livery. It is known that VZDY54 was converted from ZF13, but the other three remain mysteries.
The vans were used with matching ballast wagons in semi-permanent consists, and used for reballasting the metropolitan network.
ZMF vans.
In 1980 an entirely new design of guards vans entered service. ZMF1 entered service in December, and when it did it caused mixed reactions.
The "van" was actually a short bogie flat wagon, fitted centrally with a plastic cabin and verandah over the handbrakes. The other end held the gas and electrical fittings.
This design was used because of the plans, then shrouded in mystery, to eliminate guards from freight trains. When this eventuated it would be possible to remove the guard fittings and use the flat wagon in freight consists for containers.
Peter J. Vincent's site says,
the design, most operational staff could readily conjure up images of guards seated in the verandah section with sizzling barbecue, amply supported by a full icebox of 'tinnies' and waving cheerily to passers by.[/quote
ZMF's 2 through 10 entered service in 1982, only to be recoded to VVEY in 1983. The vans were among the first casualties of the program to scrap guards vans, but only two under frames were reused. These became the QD wagons no.3 and 4, and were used for transporting cranes that did not have railway wheels. The QD's were also later used on sleeper trains, with the sleepers hydraulically transported from the QD to the appropriate machinery.
Passenger cars with guards accommodation.
The suburban electric multiple unit fleet was provided with guards accommodation from the introduction of the Swing Door and Tait trains in 1919, both having a two man crew with a motorman (driver) and guard. Communication bells between driver and guard were not provided until the Harris trains of 1956, eliminating the use of green flags to indicated 'right of way' for departure from stations. The later Harris trains were also the first to introduce guard controlled power operated doors to Victorian passenger trains, this being continued on the Hitachi trains of 1972.
Early locomotive hauled passenger carriages with guards compartments included the wooden BCE and BCPL cars. By the 1980s the new build N type carriage sets included an ACN carriage with guards accommodation, as did the H type carriage sets and the BCH cars. At the same time a number of older Z type carriages were converted into ACZ / BCZ carriages with the addition of guards accommodation at one end.
Demise.
The 1980s saw a corporatisation and modernisation of the Victorian Railways, which was rebranded as VicRail, and then as V/Line. Working practices were altered, with freight trains having their guards vans and guards abolished from 1985.
Under the "New Deal" for passenger services guards were relocated from separate vans into compartments inside the new N, Z and H type carriage sets themselves. The guards themselves were removed from passenger trains in 1989, and replaced by conductors.
Driver only suburban trains commenced running in 1993, with the last suburban train crewed by a guard running in November 1995. The Siemens and X'Trapolis 100 trains delivered since this time have no provision for guards.
Model railways.
A resin, HO Scale C van kit has recently been re-released by Blue and Gold Models in HO Scale. This can be built to any of the applicable numbers.
Also, TrainOrama has recently released ZLP/VVBP packs of two, in various liveries. Again, these are in HO Scale. The numbers are; ZLP's 4, 6, 7, 8, 14, 35, 42, 59, 68, 73 and VVBP's 2, 3, 5, 7, 19, 25, 47 & 51. Within these numbers are options for either single or double windows in each door.

</doc>
<doc id="19745325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745325" title="WEC 37">
WEC 37

WEC 37: Torres vs. Tapia was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting on December 3, 2008 at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. The event aired live on the Versus Network. 
Background.
Former IFL standout Wagnney Fabiano made his WEC debut on this card.
A welterweight contest between Blas Avena and the returning Kevin Knabjian was originally scheduled for the undercard of this event, but it was later cancelled.
The Mark Munoz-Ricardo Barros fight was the final light heavyweight bout to be put on by the WEC. The division was absorbed into the UFC following this event.
The event drew an estimated 671,000 viewers on Versus.
Bonus Awards.
Fighters were awarded $7,500 bonuses.
Reported Payouts.
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Nevada State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the WEC.

</doc>
<doc id="19745326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745326" title="Millionærdrengen">
Millionærdrengen

Millionærdrengen is a 1936 Danish family film directed by A. W. Sandberg starring Karen Caspersen.

</doc>
<doc id="19745337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745337" title="List of Skip Beat! episodes">
List of Skip Beat! episodes

This is a list of episodes of the anime series "Skip Beat!", based on the manga series of the same name written by Yoshiki Nakamura. Produced by Hal Film Maker, and directed by Kiyoko Sayama, the series would span one season. The first season, comprising twenty five episodes, premiered on TV Tokyo in Japan on October 5, 2008 and ended at March 29, 2009. The story follows Kyoko Mogami who, after coming to Tokyo with her childhood friend and up-and-coming idol Sho Fuwa, discovers that he was merely using her as a maid. She declares that she will extract revenge by entering showbiz and become more famous than he was.
The first opening theme is by the generous, and the first closing theme is "Namida" by 2BACKKA. The second opening theme starting from episode 20 is "Renaissance", also by the generous, and the second ending theme is "Eien" by Yusaku Kiyama.

</doc>
<doc id="19745343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745343" title="Institute of Turkish Studies">
Institute of Turkish Studies

The Institute of Turkish Studies (ITS) is a foundation based in the United States with the avowed objective of advancing Turkish studies at colleges and universities in the USA.
In recent years controversy has surrounded the ITS in regards to its relations with the Republic of Turkey and its denial of the Armenian Genocide.
History.
The Institute of Turkish Studies was established in 1982, with a $3 million grant from the Turkish government. It is a non-profit, private educational foundation based in the United States "dedicated to the support and development of Turkish Studies in American higher education". Heath W. Lowry become the first executive director of the Institute, before becoming the incumbent of the Atatürk Chair of Turkish Studies at Princeton, which was financed by the Turkish government. The Institute is housed at Georgetown University in Washington, DC.
Mission.
OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS:
OFFICERS
Nabi Şensoy, Honorary Chairman and "Ex Officio" Member of the Board of Governors, Ambassador of the Republic of Turkey to the US. 
W. Robert Pearson, ret., Chairman, former United States Ambassador to Turkey
David C. Cuthell, Executive Director
Grants.
Since 1983, the Institute has sponsored an annual grant program to scholars, colleges and universities in the United States. The principal purpose of the grant program is to support the development of research, and scholarship in the field of Turkish Studies. The grant applications submitted to the Institute are evaluated by committees composed of the Board of Governors and Associate Members of the ITS. These standing committees present their recommendations to the Board of Governors for approval. The Institute offers grants and fellowships in the fields of Ottoman and Modern Turkish Studies to graduate students, post-doctoral scholars, universities, and other educational institutions through its Grant Program for the 2009-2010 academic year.
Publications.
The ITS has published a number of books in conjunction with other publishers. Some of the publications supported by the Institute include:

</doc>
<doc id="19745351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745351" title="Elysia pusilla">
Elysia pusilla

Elysia pusilla is a species of small sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Plakobranchidae. It is a sacoglossan. 
"Elysia pusilla" feeds on the calcified green alga "Halimeda" and incorporates functioning chloroplasts into its body, thus it is known as a solar-powered sea slug. It is found in shallow water in tropical regions of the Indo-Pacific wherever its host species grows.
Description.
"Elysia pusilla" is a cryptic sea slug which grows to about long. Its colour and shape both match that of the alga on which it is feeding; on older foliage it is flattened and a mottled pale green, on fresh new growth it is a brighter shade of green and on the cylindrical shoots that sometimes develop, it adopts a more circular cross section.

</doc>
<doc id="19745373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745373" title="TV di Fastweb">
TV di Fastweb

TV di Fastweb was a Cable Television and IPTV service from Fastweb. Its major features were a HDTV cable service, the Video On Demand services (a total of 17), and an advanced interactive service, all accessed via "Videostation", the proprietary decoder box Fastweb gave to its subscribers.
The service ended on 5 November 2012. According to the company, the service (which at its peak had 200,000 subscribers) had never really taken off in a decade of use, and had been overtaken by other video on demand services from Hulu and Sky which were launching in Italy and were available to everyone with an internet connection, regardless of ISP and without requiring a separate box.

</doc>
<doc id="19745380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745380" title="Antonio Domenicali">
Antonio Domenicali

Antonio Domenicali (17 February 1936 – 5 July 2002) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He received a gold medal in team pursuit at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne ( with Leandro Faggin, Franco Gandini and Valentino Gasparella).

</doc>
<doc id="19745387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745387" title="Incognito (1937 film)">
Incognito (1937 film)

Incognito () is a 1937 Danish family film directed by Valdemar Lauritzen and starring Ib Schønberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19745389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745389" title="Western Royals">
Western Royals

The Western Royals, formerly known as the Corner Brook Royals are a senior ice hockey team based in Deer Lake, Newfoundland and Labrador as part of the Newfoundland Senior Hockey League, and previously the Newfoundland West Coast Senior Hockey League.
History.
The Corner Brook Royals were officially founded in 1935. This was the first year that an All-Newfoundland championship was awarded, and in subsequent years the Herder Memorial Trophy would become the coveted symbol of hockey supremacy on the island. Corner Brook defeated Grand Falls for the Western Newfoundland championship that year, and by March 27 they had been named All-Newfoundland champions after downing the St. John’s Guards in the capital to win the first Herder Memorial Trophy.
By the winter of 1940, Newfoundland, ruled by the British Commission of Government, was at war. A number of men from Corner Brook joined the service in the following five years and, obviously, both local and All-Newfoundland play suffered as a result. 
Players and organizers proceeded to win an additional 8 Herders over the years, and were the first island team to win the Allan Cup, the symbol of Senior hockey supremacy throughout Canada.
Until 2012, the team's stadium was the Pepsi Centre, the former Canada Games Centre, as it was built for the 1999 Canada Games. In August 2012, the team was renamed the Western Royals, and moved to Deer Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19745392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745392" title="Mitja Saje">
Mitja Saje

Mitja Saje () (born 16 August 1947) is a Slovenian sinologist.
Biography.
Mitja Saje was born in Ljubljana. He studied at both Faculty of Economics and Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. He also studied at Nanjing University. He received his PhD in 1994 for a thesis discussing the Chinese economy during the Ming Dynasty.
Academic career.
In his research he mostly examines subjects related to Chinese economy, Chinese politics, Chinese history and Chinese language. Since 1995, he has been a professor at the Chair of Sinology, Department of Asian and African Studies at the Faculty of Arts of the University of Ljubljana. He was one of the co-founders of this department and chaired it for four years (1995–1998). He was one of the hosts of the 'XVI. Biennial Conference of the European Association of Chinese Studies', which was held in Ljubljana in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19745397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745397" title="Non-voting">
Non-voting

Non-voting is a strategy employed by various radical libertarians and anarchists who wish to promote a free society yet who view voting to be either unethical or impractical. 
Justification.
In support for this non-political strategy, some non-voters claim that voting does not make any positive difference. Anarchist Emma Goldman, for example, famously said “If voting changed anything, they’d make it illegal.” Some also suggest that the mainstream media or plutocrats actually choose the candidates. However, non-voting ought not be confused with apathy. Those who advocate non-voting typically hope to see mass segments of the populace refusing to vote, on the grounds that such a mass movement will show clear discontent with the Establishment. Thus, "strategic non-voters" claim that non-voting is "more" practical than voting. Counter-arguments for this stance are that each vote for an anarchist does more to legitimize anarchism than to legitimize the state, and that even if votes for anarchists constituted 50% of the votes cast — enough to prevent statists from obtaining a plurality — the anarchist votes would still have only increased the overall voter turnout twofold. Some critics claim that the very notion of an "anarchist candidate" assumes the legitimacy of government and the voting system and as such undermines anarchism.
In addition to strategic non-voters, there are also "ethical non-voters", those who reject voting outright, not merely as an ineffective tactic for change, but moreover because they view the act as either a grant of consent to be governed by the state, a means of imposing illegitimate control over one's countrymen, or both. Thus, this view holds that through voting, one necessarily finds themselves violating the non-aggression principle. Herbert Spencer noted that whether a person votes for the winning candidate, votes for a losing candidate, or abstains from voting, he will be deemed to have consented to the rule of the winning candidate.
Criticisms.
Murray Rothbard, while a libertarian himself, criticized the New Libertarian Manifesto's arguments that voting is immoral or undesirable:
Samuel Edward Konkin III responded:

</doc>
<doc id="19745417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745417" title="Ferriby Sluice">
Ferriby Sluice

Ferriby Sluice is a hamlet situated near the lock complex on the Humber and River Ancholme, Lincolnshire, England.
It is now part of the village of South Ferriby but once stood alone in its own right. It is situated west of South Ferriby, physically separated from the bulk of the village, and once was the point of departure for the packet boats that used to ply the Humber.

</doc>
<doc id="19745419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745419" title="Franco Gandini">
Franco Gandini

Franco Gandini (born 1936) is an Italian racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling.
He received a gold medal in team pursuit at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne ( with Antonio Domenicali, Leandro Faggin and Valentino Gasparella).

</doc>
<doc id="19745431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745431" title="2008 Scottish Challenge Cup Final">
2008 Scottish Challenge Cup Final

The 2008 Scottish Challenge Cup Final was played on 16 November 2008 and was the 18th Scottish Challenge Cup Final. The final was contested by Ross County who beat Greenock Morton 4–1 in their semi-final and Airdrie United who beat Partick Thistle 1–0. The match was played at McDiarmid Park, Perth. Airdrie won the game 3–2 on penalties, after the match ended 2–2 following extra time.
Both teams had appeared in a Challenge Cup final before, Ross County had been in two, defeating Clyde on penalties in the 2006 final but losing the 2004 final to Falkirk. whereas Airdrie's only final ended in defeat, losing to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the 2003 final.

</doc>
<doc id="19745436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745436" title="Eliyahu Gabai">
Eliyahu Gabai

Eliyahu "Eli" Gabai (, born 5 January 1943) is an Israeli former politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party from 1996 until 1999, and again from 2006 until 2009.
Biography.
Gabai was born in Baghdad, Iraq and emigrated with his family in 1951. They settled in Pardes Hanna and he studied at the Mikveh Israel agricultural school. He later served with the IDF and studied at Kfar HaRoeh's Bnei Akiva teachers seminary. Gabai went on to gain a BA in educational administration and political science at Bar-Ilan University and began his MA studies in public administration.
He began working as a teacher in Ashkelon in 1971, and by 1992 had held the posts of headteacher in Jerusalem, head of the education and culture division of Mevaseret Zion local council, national supervisor for welfare in the national-religious education division with the Ministry of Education, and also becoming director general of an organization for communal education within the Ministry.
In 1993, Gabai entered politics and was nominated for Jerusalem's city council. He served as Chairman of the Education Committee and a member of the municipality's executive in charge of tourism and industry. In 1996 he was appointed mayor of Lakiya local council for a year the Minister of Internal Affairs. In 1997 he returned to his posts in Jerusalem, and was appointed Deputy Mayor, holding the portfolios for civil engineering and public transport.
He was on the National Religious Party list for the 1996 elections, but failed to win a seat. However, he entered the Knesset on 20 January 1998 as a replacement for the deceased Zevulun Hammer. He lost his seat in the 1999 elections, but returned to the Knesset after the 2006 elections. He lost his seat again in the 2009 elections.
In 1982 He founded Hibba: The Israeli Heritage Movement which is currently chaired by Yonah Betzaleli. Since its founding, Hibba has been a leader in strengthening Jewish identity through educational, social and cultural programming. Hibba has been a Birthright provider since 2002 and has brought thousands of young Jews to Israel. The Hibba Center, located in the heart of Jerusalem, will be the hub of Hibba's extended programming, which will touch Jews of all ages around the world. 
Gabai is married and a father of three. His son, Yair, is a member of Jerusalem city council.

</doc>
<doc id="19745446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745446" title="Intergenerationality">
Intergenerationality

Intergenerationality is interaction between members of different generations. Sociologists study many intergenerational issues, including equity, conflict, and mobility: 
Conflict.
An intergenerational conflict is either a conflict situation between teenagers and adults or a more abstract conflict between two generations, which often involves all inclusive prejudices against another generation.
Intergenerational conflict also describes cultural, social, or economic discrepancies between generations, which may be caused by shifts in values or conflicts of interest between younger and older generations. An example are changes to an inter-generational contract that may be necessary to reflect a change in demographics. It is associated with the term "generation gap".
Contract.
An inter-generational contract is a dependency between different generations based on the assumption that future generations, in honoring the "contract", will provide a service to a generation that has previously done the same service to an older generation.
The most common use of the term is in statutory pension insurance provisions and refers to the consensus to provide pension for the retired generations through payments made by the working generations.
The use of the word "contract" is not entirely accurate as the next generation implicitly enters the agreement without consent.
Cycle of violence.
Intergenerational cycle of abuse is violence that is passed from father or mother to son or daughter, parent to child, or sibling to sibling. It often refers to violent behavior learned as a child and then repeated as an adult, therefore continuing on in a perceived cycle.
Equity.
Intergenerational equity, in the sociological and psychological context, is the concept or idea of fairness or justice in relationships between children, youth, adults and seniors, particularly in terms of treatment and interactions. It has been studied in environmental and sociological settings. In the context of institutional investment management, intergenerational equity is the principle that an endowed institution's spending rate must not exceed its after-inflation rate of compound return, so that investment gains are spent equally on current and future constituents of the endowed assets. This concept was originally set out in 1974 by economist James Tobin, who wrote that, "The trustees of endowed institutions are the guardians of the future against the claims of the present. Their task in managing the endowment is to preserve equity among generations."
Conversations about intergenerational equity occur across several fields. They include transition economics, social policy, and government budget-making. Intergenerational equity is also explored in environmental concerns, including sustainable development, global warming and climate change. 
Conversations about intergenerational equity are also relevant to social justice arenas as well, where issues such as health care are equal in importance to youth rights and youth voice are pressing and urgent. There is a strong interest within the legal community towards the application of intergenerational equity in law.
Intergenerational policies.
An intergenerational policy is a public policy that incorporates an intergenerational approach to addressing an issue or has an impact across the generations. Approaching policy from an intergenerational perspective is based on an understanding of the interdependence and reciprocity that characterizes the relationship between the generations. 
An intergenerational approach to public policy recognizes that generations share basic needs including adequate income, access to quality health care and social services, educational and employment opportunities, and a safe place to live. Further, policies that are supportive of any age group must build on the common concerns of all generations.
Christianity.
Intergenerational ministry is a model of Christian ministry which emphasizes relationships between age groups and encourages mixed-age activities.
Inter-generational ministry stands in contrast with other modes of ministry more traditionally seen in local churches, such as Sunday schools and youth ministries.
In Sunday school, children, youths, and sometimes adults, are instructed by teachers who are, typically, adults. Classes are usually divided by age groups, as in secular schools. In youth ministries, teens or young adults (especially college age) gather in groups presided over by a "youth minister". These groups, which are often part of parachurch organizations, focus on peer fellowship and instruction of their members.
These modes of ministry segregate members by age, and presuppose a hierarchical ministry in which more experienced, more educated, and generally older members minister didactically to their charges. Inter-generational activities, by contrast, emphasize a mixture of ages, and de-emphasize formal teacher-pupil relationships.
Inter-generational ministry is one of a number of movements which have arisen in response over concerns that young adults very commonly cease participation in church, and often do not return. Proponents of the inter-generational ministry movement hold that the hierarchical and didactic roles found in traditional church ministries deprive teens and young adults of a sense of purpose and involvement, since their role in these ministries is passive and subordinate, and since they are often kept separate from adult activities. Therefore, they propose that younger members should take active roles in the ministry of the local church, and that church activities should involve and encourage participation from members across a wide range of ages.
A second thread in the inter-generational ministry movement is that of family involvement. Concerns over divorce, abuse and other family disruptions led to criticism of how traditional church activities typically segregate family members according to age, thus de-emphasizing family relationships. Inter-generational activities were seen as a means to involve families as units, thus reinforcing family bonds.
Studies show that children attending Sunday Schools and youth programs are less likely to continue church involvement, compared to those who attended worship with parents, and are integrated into a community (e.g., Mark de Vries "Family-Based Youth Ministry", 2004). Those children who continue church involvement as adults often have a ‘nominal faith’ (e.g. George Barna "Transforming children into Spiritual Champions", 2003).
Proponents of this mode of ministry claim it is a Biblical model - particularly when the ministry is located within the family in accordance with the 'relational' Hebrew model described in Deuteronomy 6.

</doc>
<doc id="19745458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745458" title="Shanghang County">
Shanghang County

Shanghang (上杭县) is a populous county of Longyan Municipality in Fujian Province.
Transportation.
Part of Shanghang County is accessed by National Route (国道) 319, coming west from Xinluo (新罗区), the municipal seat. The county seat, conventionally called "Shanghang" itself but officially Linjiang Town (临江镇), is reached by Route 205. The Ganzhou–Longyan Railway passes through western Shanghang.
Red Tourism.
The county's most famous cultural-historical attraction is in the town of Gutian (古田镇), namely the site of the Gutian Congress (1929 December).
Administration.
As of 1998, Shanghang administers 9 towns ("zhen", 镇). Aside of Linjiang and Gutian, they are : 
Townships.
The county has 13 townships ("xiang", 乡): 
Two are expressly for the pre-Han natives : 
External links.
Small text

</doc>
<doc id="19745464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745464" title="Transport in Yunnan">
Transport in Yunnan

The transport infrastructure of Yunnan is served by numerous transport modes, and forms an integral part of the structure Yunnan Province and the Southwest of China. Yunnan is served by several civilian airports and a major highway and rail network. The province is served by a network of bus routes that radiates from the capital city, Kunming.
Yunnan Province is large geographically and its transport hub is its capital, Kunming (prefecture-level city), which acts as an important gateway, linking China to Southeast Asia, South Asia and the Asia-Pacific region. Most travelers travel by flight or bus. However, railway and river travel is also possible. Train travel requires much more time than air travel.
History.
Yunnan has for much of its history long suffered from poor transport links because of its mountainous, rugged and broken terrain. 
Up until World War II Yunnan had only one rail link with the outside world, which was to Vietnam. The 1906–1910 French-built railroad connected the capital Kunming to Hanoi and Haiphong in Vietnam. Since the mid-1950s, railroads have been built to link Kunming with both Guizhou and Sichuan and thus to other parts of China.
It is in the development of highways that Yunnan has made the fastest progress, opening links with neighbouring provinces and achieving a balanced network within the province. Kunming City, Baoshan City, and Pu'er City (to the southwest) form the triangular axis of Yunnan's road system, from which radiate numerous highways. The most famous of these routes is the Burma Road, running from Kunming to Lashio in Myanmar. 
The extensive road development program has produced significant effects. Travel and trade with Guizhou, Guangxi, and Sichuan have increased, and the close links with Tibet and Xinjiang have proved their strategic value. But most important has been the momentum for development and modernization in the remote regions. 
Truck transport logistics reaches most villages and towns, making available large quantities of modern equipment tools, fertilizers, and daily necessities to the farmers, while making it possible to ship farm and agricultural products to near or distant markets where they can be sold to the best possible advantage of the producers.
Major road, rail and air transport infrastructure projects in Yunnan and its Southeast Asia are currently underway to further facilitate trade with ASEAN. Some of the more notable projects include a highway linking Kunming with Singapore, a rail network linking Kunming and Singapore via three trunk lines passing through Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia and Malaysia, a new international airport in Kunming and an integrated road-rail transport corridor linking Kunming with Haiphong, Vietnam – the closest seaport to Kunming.
Air.
Yunnan had undergone a speedy development of its civil aviation. Kunming is the hub of both domestic and international services of Air China, China's national airline. Currently, more than 100 domestic and international air routes have been opened leading to different provinces and municipalities of China as well as Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Rangoon, Vientiane, Hanoi, Chiang Mai, Tokyo and Seoul. Yunnan has two international airports, namely Kunming Airport and Xishuangbanna airport. 
In the province, there are another 9 feeder airports in Wenshan, Mangshi, Simao, Zhaotong, Baoshan, Dali, Lijiang, Diqing, and Lincang.
Airlines.
As the transport hub of Yunnan, Wujiaba International Airport of Kunming has opened 48 national lines and 6 international lines at present. There are flights to most of China's major cities including the major cities Beijing, Xi'an, Guilin and Shanghai. Domestic lines from Kunming to the scenic spots within the province are fairly developed, now there are lines from Kunming to Simao, Xishuangbanna, Baoshan, Zhaotong, Dali, Mangshi, Lijiang and Zhongdian. International flights to Bangkok, Rangoon, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and Hong Kong are also available. In addition, eleven domestic air routes and two international routes from Jinghong have been opened.
Kunming: Kunming International Airport connects Yunnan with Kolkata (Calcutta), Hong Kong, Rangoon, Vientiane, Singapore, Malaysia. The airport is 5 km south of the city center (Dongfeng Square).
Xishuangbanna: Xishuangbanna International Airport, 4 km from Jinghong City, was designed to accommodate airplanes from Boeing 737 down. 11 domestic air routes from Jinghong have been opened, including Kunming, Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Tianjin, Zhengzhou and Guangxi, and two international routes to Bangkok and Chiang Mai in Thailand.
Road.
Yunnan has a developed road network centered at Kunming City. The highway network connects with the network of neighboring provinces such as Sichuan, Guizhou, Guangxi and Tibet as well as the neighboring countries such as Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam and Thailand. Over a decade ago, the mileage of Yunnan highways has reached 65,800 km, second only to Sichuan Province in China, among which there are 7 national highway lines, 6,081 km; 61 provincial lines, 8,971 km; county - level highway lines, 30,950 km and country roads, 19,757 km, and now highways lead to every township. Ten thousand length of highway in Kunming link Yunnan with other provinces and other countries. In the year of 2002, Yunnan had the highest high traffic mileages among all provinces in China. 1,570 towns in Yunnan can now be accessed via highway.
Coverage.
Today, Yunnan has a total length of 167,000 km. The length of high-grade highways above Grade 2 adds up to more than 3,400 km and that of expressways amounted to nearly 1,300 km. To date, with Kunming at the nerve center and inter-provincial and intra-provincial roads as the backbone, Yunnan's highway network has stretched to cover all townships and 98 percent of the villages in the province. It is interconnected with the road network of its neighboring provinces of Sichuan,Guizhou, Guangxi, and Tibet and with the neighboring countries of Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, and Thailand. Yunnan is planning to focus on the upgrading and expansion of 6 trunk roads leading to other provinces and neighboring countries with the objective of turning them into a highway network.
National roads.
7 National Roads (National Road 108, 213, 214, 320, 321, 323 and 326) and 61 provincial roads radiate from Kunming to major cities in Yunnan and other provinces or even abroad.
National Road 108: From Panzhihua of Sichuan into Yunnan, cross Yongren, Yuanmou and Wuding to Kunming, it covering 278 km.
National Road 213: From Yibin of Sichuan to Yunnan, cross Zhaotong, Kunming, Yuxi and Simao to Xishuangbanna, it covering 1,581 km. Now this road has been built to Simao and will soon to Jinghong. It will pass Laos and finally get to Bangkok of Thailand, which will become a more convenient passage to ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations).
National Road 214: National Road 214 crosses Yunnan from the south to the north, via Xishuangbanna, Lincang, Dali, Lijiang, Diqing to Tibet, covering 1,418 km. And expressway has been built from Dali to Lijiang.
National Road 320: National Road 320 cross Yunnan from the east to the west, via Qujing, Kunming, Chuxiong, Dali, Baoshan, Luxi to Ruili on the China-Myanmar border, covering 1,030 km. And the part of Qujing-Kunming-Dali is expressway.
National Road 323: From Baise of Guangxi into Yunnan, cross Yanshan, Kaiyuan, Jianshui, Yuanjiang, Pu'er to Lincang, it covering 928 km.
Expansion.
Yunnan Province will mainly build and extend three traffic lines to connect China with to South Asia and Southeast Asia. This was part of the economic coordination of southwest China's six provinces, regions and municipalities (Sichuan, Yunnan, Guizhou, Tibet, Guangxi and Chongqing). The three lines include: the western line along Yunnan-Myanmar (Kunming-Wanding Town) Highway, China-India (Stillwell Road) Highway and Guangtong-Dali Railway to Myanmar, India and Bangladesh; the central line from Lancang-Mekong River shipping line, Kunming-Daluo Highway and the Xishuangbanna International Airport, to Laos, Myanmar, Thailand and further Singapore; and the eastern line to Vietnam based on Yunnan-Vietnam Railway, Kunming-Hekou Highway and the Honghe River shipping line, which is to be developed.
Rail.
The first railway in Yunnan, the Kunming–Hanoi Railway ("Sino-Vietnamese Railway"), dates back to 1910. In 1941, American-supported construction began on the English Yunnan–Burma Railway, but this was aborted due to Japanese advances. The building of railways in Yunnan is difficult due to rugged terrain locally and in neighboring provinces. The rugged terrains requires rail lines to have extensive bridges and tunnels which adds to construction cost. Yunnan is one of the poorest provinces in China and the construction of railways is capital intensive. After the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Yunnan Province has experienced two periods of railway construction—from the late 1950s to the mid-1970s and from the mid-1990s to the present, which have connected the province with the national rail network and expanded the provincial rail network. At present, railways in operation in Yunnan include: 
The current network is centered around Kunming and most extensive in eastern Yunnan with outlets to Guizhou and on to the Yangtze River valley and Guangxi and on to the South China coast. 
Since the late 1990s, the railway network in Yunnan has undergone considerable track upgrade and electrification to boost carrying capacity. Expansion projects include: 
High-speed rail.
Several high-speed rail projects have been planned for Yunnan. The high-speed Shanghai–Kunming Passenger Dedicated Line, scheduled to be completed in 2015, is expected to shorten the travel time between Shanghai and Kunming from 37 hours to less than nine hours. This line follows the same route as the existing Shanghai–Kunming Railway from Shanghai on the East China Sea to Kunming via Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guizhou and Yunnan province, passing through the major cities of Hangzhou, Nanchang and Changsha. The cross-country line is part of a nationwide rail upgrade that has allocated 500 million yuan (US$73.2 million) in funds for Yunnan province alone. The original target speed of 350 km/h for the line is faster than that of France's TGV and Japan's Shinkansen which currently operate at 320 and 300 km/h, respectively. In the wake of the Wenzhou high-speed train collision on July 23, 2011 however, the China's Ministry of Railways has lowered the speeds of nearly all high-speed lines in operations and under construction.
International rail connections.
Yunnan province is also expanding the provincial rail network to neighboring Southeast Asian countries. In the east, the Yuxi–Mengzi Railway (), under construction since 2005, and the Mengzi–Hekou Railway (), under construction since 2008, will form a standard gauge railway connection with Vietnam. In the west, the Dali–Ruili Railway (), under construction since May 2011, is expected to extend rail service to the border with Myanmar. In the center, under planning is a rail line from Yuxi to Mohan, in Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, on the border with Laos. This line could be extended further south to Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore.
Water.
Rivers.
There are six main water connections in Yunnan:
A total of 8,000 km of waterways can be used for river transport purpose. At present, along the Jinsha River and the Lancang River, the length of intra-province waterways in operation approximates 1,500 km. Major ports include Guanlei, Shuifu, Suijiang, Jinghong, Simao, and Dali. In June 2001, commercial shipping service among China, Laos, Myanmar, and Thailand on the Lancang-Mekong River was officially inaugurated.
River ports.
Jinghong, Guanlei and Simao District river ports are open to the outside world. Many rivers open for commercial international trade with neighboring countries. Lancang River (known as the Mekong in its lower reaches) is the only international river linking 6 countries in Asia.
Most of the rivers in Yunnan are unnavigable, except for short distances or in broken stretches. Boats travel between towns on the shores of Erhai Lake, but they are unable to sail beyond there to connect with other waterways.
Lakes.
There are also lakes of various sizes in Yunnan such as Dianchi Lake, Erhai Lake and Fuxian Lake. Fuxian Lake forbids motor boats.
Sea-ports.
There are no seaports in Yunnan, as the province is landlocked, however water transport to peninsular Southeast Asia, via the Mekong river is available from Jinghong, as stated above.
Future projects.
As well as improvements of the connections between international locations and Yunnan, the province is also seeing internal transport developments. In the east of Yunnan, Yuxi to Mengzi railway is under construction, along with railway connections between Mengzi and Hekou. In the west of the province, a railway from Dali to Ruili (next to Myanmar) is being built.
Road.
Yunnan's government announced in 2004 a strategic program for the construction of a new "Europe-Asia Continental Bridge" that would link China to Europe. A railroad starting from China's east coastal city Shenzhen will run through Yunnan to Burma, Bangladesh, India, Pakistan, Iran, Turkey and finally through to Europe.
Rail.
A "Pan-Asia Railroad" is to be finished by 2015. This railroad will start from Singapore, through to Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Phnom Penh, to Loc Nink, Lao Cai in Vietnam, terminating in Kunming.
Bridge.
Another project underway is a new bridge over the Mekong River to connect Chiangkhong in Thailand and Ban Houayxay in Laos, to the Kunming-Bangkok Highway, complementing the highway through the Mekong River Region.
Logistics.
One of the fastest growing sectors in Yunnan is the logistics industry. Yunnan's international and domestic trade continues to grow and the demand for logistics services has increased rapidly.
Cargo lines.
Yunnan port administration office [http://en.km.gov.cn/showArticle.aspx?cid=57&aid=443]
There are 13 cargo transport lines between Yunnan and Laos:
There are 3 lines between Yunnan and Vietnam: 
Organizations.
Important organizations include:[http://www.gmslogistics.org/0608/special.php?id=9]

</doc>
<doc id="19745487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745487" title="Gerald Green (disambiguation)">
Gerald Green (disambiguation)

Gerald Green is an American basketball player.
Gerald Green may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745494" title="Hydatina physis">
Hydatina physis

Hydatina physis is a species of sea snail, a bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplustridae. Its common names include striped paper bubble, green-lined paper bubble, brown-lined paper bubble, and rose petal bubble shell.
Distribution.
This bubble snail's distribution is circumglobal in tropical waters - the Red Sea, South Africa, West Africa, Arabian Sea, the Maldives, the Philippines to Hawaii, Australia, New Zealand, Canary Islands, Brazil, and the Lusitanic area (Europe).
Description.
This species lives in shallow water, crawling and burrowing into the sand. It feeds on polychaete worms of the family Cirratulidae, mussels and slugs. Its color can vary from very dark to a pale pinkish white. The shell is thin, globose and fragile. The last whorl covers the rest of the whorls. 
There is no operculum. The large foot has lateral parapodia (fleshy winglike flaps). The large body cannot be fully retracted into its shell. The sensory mechanisms are well-developed. The egg mass is gathered on the mantle before being attached to the sand by a mucous thread.
The shell coloration is translucent white with transverse brown lines.
The shell height is up to 57 mm, and the width is up to 46 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19745504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745504" title="Valentino Gasparella">
Valentino Gasparella

Valentino Gasparella (born 30 June 1935 in Vicenza) is an Italian racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling.
He received a gold medal in team pursuit at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne ( with Antonio Domenicali, Leandro Faggin and Franco Gandini).

</doc>
<doc id="19745506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745506" title="Jaime Alfonso Ruiz">
Jaime Alfonso Ruiz

Jaime Alfonso Ruiz (born January 3, 1984 in Cali) is a Colombian football forward, who currently plays for K.V.C. Westerlo in the Belgian Second Division.
Club career.
Ruiz previously played for Alianza Atlético and Cienciano in the Primera Division Peruana. He scored 18 goals in the 2008/09, although the Belgian league website lists his tally as 17. This is because of an error they make in counting his goal but failing to add it to his total. [http://www.sport.be/fr/jupilerproleague/player.html?comp=2450&team=11250&member=21404. His club website also lists 18 goals. [http://www.kvcwesterlo.be/a-kern/topscorer]
International career.
He played with the Colombia U-20 at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in UAE, helping Colombia team finish 3rd by beating Argentina 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="19745507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745507" title="Hydatina">
Hydatina

Hydatina is a genus of sea snails, bubble snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplustridae. 
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="19745519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745519" title="Johann August von Starck">
Johann August von Starck

Johann August Starck also "Stark" (October 24, 1741 – March 3, 1816) was a prolific author and controversial Königsberg theologian, as well as a widely read political writer now best remembered for arguing that an Illuminati-led conspiracy brought about the French revolution. Immanuel Kant and Johann Georg Hamann were among his acquaintances in Königsberg. His broadly deistic approach emphasized natural religion and smoothed over doctrinal differences among the various faiths.

</doc>
<doc id="19745526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745526" title="Mike Neu (baseball)">
Mike Neu (baseball)

Michael David Neu (born March 9, 1978 in Napa, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Oakland Athletics and Florida Marlins.
Drafted out of the University of Miami in the 29th round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft by the Cincinnati Reds. Neu spent 4 years in the Reds' organzization making his way up to Triple-A, before he was claimed in the Rule V Draft by the Oakland Athletics. Neu played 32 games for the Athletics in and had a 3.64 ERA. On December 13, 2003, he was traded to the Florida Marlins with Bill Murphy for Mark Redman. In , Neu played for the Triple-A Albuquerque Isotopes, but struggled with a 6.57 ERA. In spring training , he was released by the Marlins and on April 6, he signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers. Neu did not appear in a major league game for the Dodgers and became a free agent after the season. Mike is currently at California serving as the pitching coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19745532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745532" title="A Bunny's Tale">
A Bunny's Tale

"A Bunny's Tale" is a 1985 television film based on American feminist icon and journalist Gloria Steinem's experiences working as a Playboy Bunny in 1963, as described by her 1963 article "A Bunny's Tale" 
It stars Kirstie Alley as Steinem.
Plot summary.
Engaged by a magazine to write an investigative article on publisher Hugh Hefner's nightclub chain, Ms. Steinem (Kirstie Alley) poses as a young girl named "Marie" and enters the Bunny training program at the New York Playboy club. Outfitted with phony ears, fuzzy tail and revealing costume, Gloria learns the proper method of serving drinks (the "bunny dip") and how to fend off customers who ignore Hefner's "look but don't touch" policy. She also concludes that being a sex object, even a chaste one, is depressingly demeaning—an "awakening".

</doc>
<doc id="19745536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745536" title="Jens Langkniv">
Jens Langkniv

Jens Langkniv is a 1940 Danish film directed by Per Knutzon and Peter Lind and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19745556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745556" title="Precisely Right">
Precisely Right

Precisely Right is the name for synchronized skating teams representing the Skating Club of Morris from Mennen Arena in Morris Township, New Jersey. The team was founded in 1991 and is, as of 2013, twenty-two years old. The team has competed in the developmental youth introductory, beginner, preliminary, pre-juvenile, open juvenile, and open adult divisions as well as the competitive juvenile, intermediate, and junior divisions. The team and the arena hosted the 2009 U.S. Eastern Sectional Championship on January 28th–31st, 2009.
History.
Founding to 2007-08 Season.
Precisely Right synchronized skating team was founded in 1991 by Pat Lynch, now a USFSA judge at Mennen Arena. The team eventually became a junior level team and existed until 1999, when John Towill became head coach. The team split apart; with older skaters graduating high school and going to college, and younger members going "to other junior and senior level teams."
Since then, the team has competed at lower skill levels. It has fielded an intermediate-level team every year since 2001 except for the 2005-06 season, in addition to teams at the developmental levels. The intermediate team went for the first time to the U.S. Synchronized Team Skating Championships in 2007, after earning fourth place at the Eastern Sectional Championships in Providence, Rhode Island with a score of 35.32 for the free skate. The intermediate team then obtained ninth place at the U.S. Synchronized Team Skating Championships in Colorado Springs, with a score of 34.32 for the team's free skate. In 2008, the intermediate team received fourth at the Eastern Sectional Championships in Richmond, Virginia with a free skate score of 46.43, and proceeded to receive seventh at the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Providence, Rhode Island with a free skate score of 47.49.
2008-09 to 2009-10 Season.
During the 2008-09 season, Precisely Right competed at the junior and juvenile levels. At the Foot of the Lake Competition in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, held in conjunction with the junior world qualifier, the junior team placed ninth after coming in ninth in both the short program, with a score of 37.92, and the free skate, with a score of 56.64, totaling to a score of 94.56. The juvenile team placed third at this competition for the team's free skate. At the 2009 Eastern Sectional Championships at the team's home rink in Morristown, New Jersey, the junior team placed second after the short program with a score of 44.56, and finished third after the free skate with a score of 63.81, finishing third with a total score of 108.37. The juvenile team placed ninth after the free skate. This allowed the junior team to progress to the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Portland, Maine, at which the team received a short program score of 38.55, putting the team into tenth place, and a free skate score of 57.23, putting the team into eleventh place, and into eleventh place overall with a final score of 95.78.
For the 2009-10 season, Precisely Right competed at the junior and intermediate levels. At the Colonial Classic in Lowell, Massachusetts, held in conjunction with the junior world qualifier, the junior team placed ninth with a final score of 119.62 after placing eighth in the short program with a score of 48.43 and ninth in the free skate with a score of 71.19. The Intermediate team placed twelfth with a free skate score of 35.13. At the Eastern Sectional Championships in Lowell, Massachusetts, the junior team placed fourth overall with a total score of 119.76 after coming in fourth in the short program with a score of 48.50 and fourth in the free skate with a score of 71.26. The intermediate placed eighteenth with a free skate score of 24.71. This allowed the junior team to go to the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Minneapolis, Minnesota, at which the team received a short program score of 44.27, putting the team into ninth place, and a free skate score of 54.00, putting the team into tenth place, and into tenth place overall with a final score of 98.27.
2010-11 to 2011-12 Season.
During the 2010-11 season, Precisely Right competed in the intermediate and juvenile levels. At the Eastern Sectional Championships in Lake Placid, New York, the intermediate team placed eighth with a free skate score of 44.15. The juvenile team placed seventh in the team's free skate.
For the 2011-12 season, Precisely Right competed in the junior and intermediate levels, and following assistant coach Lynn Alberi's retirement, coach Kathy Ortolani became a new assistant coach. At the Colonial Classic in Lowell, Massachusetts, held together with the junior world qualifier, the junior team placed eighth with a final score of 69.41 after placing ninth in the short program with a score of 25.39 and eighth in the free skate with a score of 44.02. The intermediate team placed thirteenth at this competition with a free skate score of 36.15. At the Eastern Sectional Championships in Hershey, Pennsylvania, the junior team placed third overall with a final score of 75.32 after placing third in the short program with a score of 27.42 and third in the free skate with a score of 47.90. The intermediate placed seventeenth at this competition with a free skate score of 35.22. This qualified the junior team to compete at the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Worcester, Massachusetts on March 1st and 2nd, 2012, where the junior team finished tenth in the short program with a score of 22.02 and again tenth in the free skate with a score of a score 40.74, finishing in tenth place with a total score of 62.76.
2012-13 Season to Present.
During the 2012-13 season, Precisely Right competed again in the junior level. At the Mid-America Synchronized Skating Championships in Fraser, Michigan, held in conjunction with the world junior team selection, the junior team placed eleventh with a final score of 65.32 after placing eleventh in the short program with a score of 24.16 and eleventh in the free skate with a score of 41.16. At the Eastern Sectional Championships in Lake Placid, New York from January 31st to February 2nd, 2013, the junior team placed fourth with a total score of 75.22 after placing fourth in the short program with a score of 26.74 and fourth in the free skate with a score of 48.48. This allowed the junior team to qualify for the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Plymouth, Michigan from February 28th to March 2nd, 2013, where the team placed tenth with a final score of 78.31 after finishing tenth in the short program with a score of 25.65 and placing tenth in the free skate with a score of 52.66.
For the current 2013-14 season, Precisely Right is competing again in the junior level. After having to withdraw from the 2014 junior world qualifier, held at the Foot of the Lake Competition in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, because of flight cancellations resulting from winter storm Hercules, the junior team placed third at the Eastern Sectional Championships in Hershey, Pennsylvania from January 30th to February 1st, 2014, with a total score of 75.15 after placing third in the short program with a score of 30.36 and fourth in the free skate with a score of 44.79. This allowed the junior team to qualify for the U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships in Colorado Springs, Colorado, from February 27th to March 1st, 2014, where the team placed twelfth out of fourteen teams with a final score of 82.52 after finishing twelfth in the short program with a score of 28.41 and twelfth in the free skate with a score of 54.11.

</doc>
<doc id="19745567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745567" title="Franz Georg Philipp Buchenau">
Franz Georg Philipp Buchenau

Franz Georg Philipp Buchenau (January 12, 1831 – April 23, 1906) was a German botanist and phytogeographer who was a native of Kassel. He specialized in flora of northwestern Germany.
He studied at the Universities of Marburg and Göttingen, and from 1855 was a schoolteacher in Bremen. In 1864 he was co-founder of the association for natural sciences in Bremen.
Buchenau was the author of works involving the regional flora of the East Frisian Islands, "Flora der Ostfriesischen Inseln", and of Bremen/Oldenburg, "Flora von Bremen und Oldenburg". He also published a comprehensive monograph on the botanical family Juncaceae, titled "Monographia Juncacearum".

</doc>
<doc id="19745568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745568" title="Dennis Grabosch">
Dennis Grabosch

Dennis Grabosch (born 2 March 1978, Wedel, Germany) is a German actor.
Grabosch has had a long career in movies and television, beginning at the young age of 13, when he won Tele 5's screenplay competition with his short story "Der erste Kuß" ("The First Kiss"). Over the next years he wrote and directed for theatre and short films, including the screenplay for Katja Studt's movie "Sechshundertzweiunddreißig". As an actor, he has appeared in many television and film productions such as "Ein Fall für zwei", "Tatort: Einmal täglich", "Tatort: Der Traum von der Au", "Drei mit Herz", "Kommissar Rex" and "Doppelter Einsatz", to name but a few.
He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Roman Wild in the German daily soap opera Alles was zählt. One of the original "AWZ" cast members, he was on the show from its beginning in September 2006 until September 2011. Although he played a professional figure skater, Grabosch did not know how to ice skate before being cast in this role. He was substantially involved in creating, in cooperation with AWZ's writers, the reunion storyline of the popular pairing known as Dero.
In 2009, Dennis illustrated the cover of "Kiki Kufenflitzer – Der Eiskristall", a children's book written by Tanja Szewczenko, his former co-star on "AWZ". Tanja's book is based on a caricature of a young girl he originally drew for her birthday, and was further developed for the book's cover and promotional illustrations.
Like the character he played on "Alles was zählt", Grabosch is openly gay. In 2007, he married Brent Magee, a psychologist; they live in London. In February 2008, he accepted "Blu" Magazine's Best National TV Format award, along with co-star Igor Dolgatschew, for "AWZ"'s portrayal of the relationship between their characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19745573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745573" title="Goldin+Senneby">
Goldin+Senneby

Goldin+Senneby (since 2004, based in Stockholm) is a framework for collaboration set up by artists Simon Goldin and Jakob Senneby; exploring juridical, financial and spatial constructs through notions of the performative and the virtual.
Their collaboration started with The Port (2004–06); a series of insertions into the online world Second Life, exhibited among other places on Artport, Whitney Museum in 2005.
They are also known for the project AfterMicrosoft, in which they re-photographed the site in Sonoma valley where "Bliss", the default wallpaper in Windows XP, was taken.
In their more recent body of work, known as Headless (2007 -), they approach the sphere of offshore finance, and its production of virtual space through legal code. Looking at strategies of withdrawal and secrecy, they trace an offshore company on the Bahamas called Headless Ltd. A ghostwritten detective novel continuously narrates their investigations. This work was exhibited at the 28th São Paulo Art Biennial, The Power Plant, Toronto, with an epilogue at the Kadist Art Foundation in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19745583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745583" title="El-Hany Soliman">
El-Hany Soliman

El-Hany Soliman () (born November 1, 1984) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays as a Goalkeeper for Egyptian Premier League side El-Ittihad and Egypt national football team.
He has had numerous call-ups for Egypt's full national team, as substitute goalkeeper, including the World Cup 2010 Qualifiers. In addition, he has made 39 international appearances for the Egypt U-23, Egypt U-20 and Egypt U-17, On 2013, Soliman signed for El-Gouna.

</doc>
<doc id="19745607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745607" title="I de gode, gamle dage">
I de gode, gamle dage

I de gode, gamle dage is a 1940 Danish film directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Christian Arhoff.

</doc>
<doc id="19745620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745620" title="Manuel Aguilar">
Manuel Aguilar

Manuel Aguilar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745647" title="Thomas Wells (cricketer)">
Thomas Wells (cricketer)

Thomas Umfrey Wells (6 February 1927 – 2001) was a New Zealand-born cricketer and educator who played first-class cricket in England in the early 1950s. All but one of his appearances were for Cambridge University, but he also played one match for Worcestershire in 1950.
He made his first-class debut for Cambridge against the touring West Indians at Fenner's in May 1950, though his part in the match was small, not batting, holding a single catch and bowling three wicketless overs for 28. The game itself was a very high scoring draw: John Dewes (183) and David Sheppard (227) put on 343 for Cambridge's first wicket, and the university declared at 594/4. In reply the tourists piled up 703/3, including a career-best 304 not out by Everton Weekes.
Wells made more of an impact in his second game, against Leicestershire, where his unbeaten 77 was the highest score of his first-class career. He also picked up the first of his handful of wickets when he bowled Leicestershire's Australian batsman Vic Jackson.
His only other half-century came just a week later when he notched 53 against the Free Foresters.
Wells' single appearance for Worcestershire was in August 1950, when the county played Somerset at New Road. He had a poor match, scoring 0 and 9, and though he did take two catches they were both to dismiss tail-enders. Worcestershire collapsed in their first innings against the leg-spin of Johnny Lawrence, who took career-best figures of 8-41, and Somerset won the match by four wickets.
Wells played on for Cambridge in 1951, without conspicuous success, and made a final first-class appearance for the university against Surrey at The Oval in June 1952. Opening the batting in both innings, he scored 26 and 13 as Cambridge went down to an innings defeat.
He did play occasional minor games thereafter, for example appearing for the London New Zealand Club when the New Zealanders toured England in 1958.
Wells returned to the country of his birth in 1959 where he was appointed headmaster of Collegiate School at Whanganui, a position he held from 1960-1980. He played cricket for Wanganui against Nelson in the 1964-65 Hawke Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19745659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745659" title="Resolution (algebra)">
Resolution (algebra)

In mathematics, particularly in abstract algebra and homological algebra, a resolution (or left resolution; dually a coresolution or right resolution) is an exact sequence of modules (or, more generally, of objects in an abelian category), which is used to describe the structure of a specific module or object of this category. In particular, projective and injective resolutions induce a quasi-isomorphism between the exact sequence and the module, which may be regarded as a weak equivalence, with the resolution having nicer properties as a space.
Generally, the objects in the sequence are restricted to have some property "P" (for example to be free). Thus one speaks of a "P resolution": for example, a flat resolution, a free resolution, an injective resolution, a projective resolution. The sequence is supposed to be infinite to the left (to the right for a coresolution). However, a finite resolution is one where only finitely many of the objects in the sequence are non-zero.
Resolutions of modules.
Definitions.
Given a module "M" over a ring "R", a left resolution (or simply resolution) of "M" is an exact sequence (possibly infinite) of "R"-modules
with all the "E""i" modules over "R". The homomorphisms "di" 's are called boundary maps. The map ε is called an augmentation map. For succinctness, the resolution above can be written as
The dual notion is that of a right resolution (or coresolution, or simply resolution). Specifically, given a module "M" over a ring "R", a right resolution is a possibly infinite exact sequence of "R"-modules
where each "Ci" is an "R"-module (it is common to use superscripts on the objects in the resolution and the maps between them to indicate the dual nature of such a resolution). For succinctness, the resolution above can be written as
<br>
A (co)resolution is said to be finite if only finitely many of the modules involved are non-zero. The length of a finite resolution is the maximum index "n" labeling a nonzero module in the finite resolution.
Free, projective, injective, and flat resolutions.
In many circumstances conditions are imposed on the modules "E""i" resolving the given module "M". For example, a "free resolution" of a module "M" is a left resolution in which all the modules "E""i" are free "R"-modules. Likewise, "projective" and "flat" resolutions are left resolutions such that all the "E""i" are projective and flat "R"-modules, respectively. Injective resolutions are "right" resolutions whose "C""i" are all injective modules.
Every "R"-module possesses a free left resolution. A fortiori, every module also admits projective and flat resolutions. The proof idea is to define "E"0 to be the free "R"-module generated by the elements of "M", and then "E"1 to be the free "R"-module generated by the elements of the kernel of the natural map "E"0 → "M" etc. Dually, every "R"-module possesses an injective resolution. Flat resolutions can be used to compute Tor functors.
Projective resolution of a module "M" is unique up to a chain homotopy, i.e., given two projective resolution "P"0 → "M" and "P"1 → "M" of "M" there exists a chain homotopy between them.
Resolutions are used to define homological dimensions. The minimal length of a finite projective resolution of a module "M" is called its "projective dimension" and denoted pd("M"). For example, a module has projective dimension zero if and only if it is a projective module. If "M" does not admit a finite projective resolution then the projective dimension is infinite. For example, for a commutative local ring "R", the projective dimension is finite if and only if "R" is regular and in this case it coincides with the Krull dimension of "R". Analogously, the injective dimension id("M") and flat dimension fd("M") are defined for modules also. 
The injective and projective dimensions are used on the category of right "R" modules to define a homological dimension for "R" called the right global dimension of "R". Similarly, flat dimension is used to define weak global dimension. The behavior of these dimensions reflects characteristics of the ring. For example, a ring has right global dimension 0 if and only if it is a semisimple ring, and a ring has weak global dimension 0 if and only if it is a von Neumann regular ring.
Graded modules and algebras.
Let "M" be a graded module over a graded algebra, which is generated over a field by its elements of positive degree. Then "M" has a free resolution in which the free modules "E""i" may be graded in such a way that the "d""i" and ε are graded linear maps. Among these graded free resolutions, the minimal free resolutions are those for which the number of basis elements of each "E""i" is minimal. The number of basis elements of each "E""i" and their degrees are the same for all the minimal free resolutions of a graded module.
If "I" is a homogeneous ideal in a polynomial ring over a field, the Castelnuovo-Mumford regularity of the projective algebraic set defined by "I" is the minimal integer "r" such that the degrees of the basis elements of the "E""i" in a minimal free resolution of "I" are all lower than "r-i".
Examples.
A classic example of a free resolution is given by the Koszul complex of a regular sequence in a local ring or of a homogeneous regular sequence in a graded algebra finitely generated over a field. 
Let "X" be an aspherical space, i.e., its universal cover "E" is contractible. Then every singular (or simplicial) chain complex of "E" is a free resolution of the module Z not only over the ring Z but also over the group ring Z ["π"1("X")].
Resolutions in abelian categories.
The definition of resolutions of an object "M" in an abelian category "A" is the same as above, but the "Ei" and "Ci" are objects in "A", and all maps involved are morphisms in "A".
The analogous notion of projective and injective modules are projective and injective objects, and, accordingly, projective and injective resolutions. However, such resolutions need not exist in a general abelian category "A". If every object of "A" has a projective (resp. injective) resolution, then "A" is said to have enough projectives (resp. enough injectives). Even if they do exist, such resolutions are often difficult to work with. For example, as pointed out above, every "R"-module has an injective resolution, but this resolution is not functorial, i.e., given a homomorphism "M" → "M' ", together with injective resolutions
there is in general no functorial way of obtaining a map between formula_6 and formula_7. 
Acyclic resolution.
In many cases one is not really interested in the objects appearing in a resolution, but in the behavior of the resolution with respect to a given functor.
Therefore, in many situations, the notion of acyclic resolutions is used: given a left exact functor "F": "A" → "B" between two abelian categories, a resolution
of an object "M" of "A" is called "F"-acyclic, if the derived functors "R""i""F"("E""n") vanish for all "i">0 and "n"≥0. Dually, a left resolution is acyclic with respect to a right exact functor if its derived functors vanish on the objects of the resolution.
For example, given a "R" module "M", the tensor product   formula_9 is a right exact functor Mod("R") → Mod("R"). Every flat resolution is acyclic with respect to this functor. A "flat resolution" is acyclic for the tensor product by every "M". Similarly, resolutions that are acyclic for all the functors Hom( ⋅ , "M") are the projective resolutions and those that are acyclic for the functors Hom("M",  ⋅ ) are the injective resolutions.
Any injective (projective) resolution is "F"-acyclic for any left exact (right exact, respectively) functor. 
The importance of acyclic resolutions lies in the fact that the derived functors "R""i""F" (of a left exact functor, and likewise "L""i""F" of a right exact functor) can be obtained from as the homology of "F"-acyclic resolutions: given an acyclic resolution formula_10 of an object "M", we have
where right hand side is the "i"-th homology object of the complex formula_12
This situation applies in many situations. For example, for the constant sheaf "R" on a differentiable manifold "M" can be resolved by the sheaves formula_13 of smooth differential forms:
formula_14
The sheaves formula_13 are fine sheaves, which are known to be acyclic with respect to the global section functor formula_16. Therefore, the sheaf cohomology, which is the derived functor of the global section functor Γ is computed as
formula_17 
Similarly Godement resolutions are acyclic with respect to the global sections functor.

</doc>
<doc id="19745661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745661" title="Bob Danskin">
Bob Danskin

Bob Danskin was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Leeds United and Bradford Park Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="19745663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745663" title="Last European veterans by war">
Last European veterans by war

This is an incomplete list of the last surviving veterans of European wars. The last surviving veteran of any particular war, upon his death, marks the end of a historic era. Exactly who "is" the last surviving veteran is often an issue of contention, especially with records from long-ago wars. The "last man standing" was often very young at the time of enlistment and in many cases had lied about his age to gain entry into the service, which confuses matters further.
Early modern period.
These cases, particularly with respect to the ages claimed by the veterans, cannot be verified.

</doc>
<doc id="19745695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745695" title="En mand af betydning">
En mand af betydning

En mand af betydning is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Emanuel Gregers and starring Osvald Helmuth.

</doc>
<doc id="19745701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745701" title="The Savage Resurrection">
The Savage Resurrection

The Savage Resurrection were an American psychedelic rock band from the San Francisco Bay area, and were active in between 1967 and 1968. The band were known as one of the youngest psychedelic rock bands in the area, with their 16 year-old lead guitarist, Randy Hammon, who is the cousin of Blue Cheer drummer Paul Whaley.
History.
Founded in 1967, the group was signed to Mercury Records, on which they released their eponymous debut in 1968. Their album was produced by Abe "Voco" Kesh who is famous with his work with the band Blue Cheer and Harvey Mandel. Their sound was close to groups such as Love and the Jimi Hendrix Experience. Singer Bill Harper and bassist Steve Lage quit the band shortly thereafter, leading to the demise of the group. The band continued on touring until late 1968 and then disbanded.
Nick Saloman of The Bevis Frond has cited the Savage Resurrection as one of his biggest influences and, in October 2008, performed a live set with guitarist Randy Hammon. There was some suspicion that Randy Hammon was actually Randy Holden due to some citing that was done in Joe Carducci's book, "The Pop Narcotic"; this seems to be a misconception.
Former band member Steve Lage, who was born Stephen Allen Lage, on August 15, 1947, died on July 25, 2010, in Oakland, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19745702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745702" title="AJ Dee">
AJ Dee

Angel James Dee III professionally known as 'AJ Dee' (born July 27, 1982) in Naga City, Bicol Philippines. Dee is a Filipino actor-model and swimmer. He is the brother of fellow swimmer, actor and Star Magic talent Enchong Dee. he is now a GMA Network contract actor and currently star on Philippine sitcom "Tweets For My Sweet"
Career.
Dee became a co-host of the variety show MTB: Ang Saya Saya after becoming a runner-up on that show's "TV Idol" contest. Later, he hosts the Wanna Buzz segment every Sunday on "The Buzz". He made his big screen debut in "Dreamboy", and is cast in the primetime teleserye, "Vietnam Rose" from ABS-CBN. He is being co-managed by ABS-CBN’s Star Magic and Boy Abunda’s Backroom, Inc.
As a theater actor, Dee played the role of Tony Javier in the play "A Portrait of the Artist". He also played the Frog Prince in Clark Pampanga Theater in February and March 2011.
Dee also modeled for many brands in the Philippines such as BENCH and has appeared in TV commercials.
Transfer to GMA Network.
In 2009, after his contract with ABS-CBN expired, he transferred to the rival network GMA Network
AJ's change of network, also came with his change of manager from Boy Abunda to Popoy Caritativo.
His first show in the Kapuso Network was Show Me Da Manny which stars Manny Pacquiao and Marian Rivera
In 2010, it was reported that Dee was expected to appear in a soap opera, co-starring with Maxene Magalona in a remake of Bakit Kay Tagal ng Sandali? on GMA Network. However, he later backed out of the series and was replaced by Mike Tan. The show was later cancelled, but then picked up again by GMA Network as a mid-season replacement with Dee re-joining the cast.
In 2011, Dee was headlined to be one of the extended cast of the upcoming epic serye of GMA Network, Amaya.
Personal life.
Dee studied high school at Naga Hope Christian School and finished Business Management at the Ateneo de Naga University. He is the older brother of Enchong Dee.

</doc>
<doc id="19745709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745709" title="Binjiang District">
Binjiang District

Binjiang () is a county-level district under the jurisdiction of Hangzhou city, in Zhejiang, a province of the People's Republic of China. It is across the Qiantang River from West Lake and the older parts of Hangzhou. Like Pudong in Shanghai, it a very modern, and rapidly developing, area that was mostly farmland until ten years ago. The district's total area is 73 square kilometers, and its population is 120,000 people. The district people's government is situated on Xixing Road.
Administrative regions.
Binjiang district has jurisdiction over Xixing Road, Changhe Road, and Puyan Road.
Economy.
The Geely automotive manufacturing company has its headquarters in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="19745719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745719" title="Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abusers">
Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abusers

The Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abusers (ATSA) is a non-profit organization for the advancement of professional standards and practices in the field of sex offender evaluation and treatment. The association was incorporated in 1984 and has its headquarters in Beaverton, Oregon, United States. 
Description.
ATSA is an international organization focused specifically on the prevention of sexual abuse through effective management of sex offenders. 
ATSA holds annual conferences, and research findings have been presented at ATSA conferences prior to their appearance in peer-reviews journals.
Publications.
The official journal of ATSA is "" (SAJRT).
According to the Institute for Scientific Information, the journal's 2007 impact factor was 1.64, and it ranked 4th out of the 29 journals tracked in criminology and penology. The journal was first published under the title "Annals of Sex Research."
ATSA also publishes a newsletter called "The Forum."

</doc>
<doc id="19745724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745724" title="Al Mosawi">
Al Mosawi

Al-Mosawi (الموسوي), Moosavi (موسوی) is a surname that presumably indicates a person comes from a prestigious and highly respected Middle Eastern family with a transnational identity. They are usually given the honorific title Sayed before their first name. The literal translation of the Arabic word Sayed is Sir in the English language. This family is mainly based in Iraq, they also live in other Middle Eastern countries and Iran. Though no written records or genetics studies done on this family, verbal history claims that the name implies that this person is a direct descendant of the Prophet Muhammad through the seventh of the Shi'a twelve Imams: Musa al-Kazim ibn Jafar as Sadiq who is a grandson of the Prophet Muhammad. Other transliterations include Musawi, Mosavi, Mousawi (Arabic transliteration), Moosavi (Persian transliteration), or Moussaoui (in the French transliteration) Moosawi (Bahraini translation) Al Mosawi (English translation). Also some Mousavis take the last name of Kazmi. Many Al-Mosawis migrated from Mecca and Madina Saudi Arabia to a small village that their ancestor Musa Al-Kadhim built in Baghdad Iraq. Large members of this family are located in Iraq, and they are also located in other countries such as Iran, Pakistan, India, Lebanon, Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, UAE, Saudi Arabia, and other Arab countries, United States Of America and the United Kingdom. 
Al-Mosawi family is an influential Middle Eastern family because they are directly descended from the 7th Shia Imam Musa Al-Kadhim who is the son of Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq son of Imam Muhammad Al-Baqir son of Imam Ali Zayn al-Abidin son of Imam Hussain son of Imam Ali Bin Abi Talib and the son of Fatimah the daughter of the Prophet Muhammad. Members of the Al-Mosawi family are called with the title Sayed literally means "Mister" or "Sir". As an honorific title, it denotes males accepted as the direct descendants of the Prophet Muhammad. Yet the need of genetic studies is mandatory to verify their origins.
Despite the morphological as-semblance in physical characters to the Persian indo-Aryan race, the roots of the Al-Mosawi family is supposedly claimed to be Arab that comes from the Head tribe of Banu Hashim a clan of Quraish which makes them Adnani Arabs or Northern Arabs who are originated from Prophet Ibrahim through his son Prophet Ishmael in Mesopotamia which is nowadays Iraq in the ancient city of Ur near Nasariyah in Southern Iraq. Many Arab tribes trace their lineage through Adnan who is the Father of the Arabs that traces his lineage to Prophet Ishmael the son of Prophet Ibrahim the great great grandfather of the Adnani Arabs. 
The Al-Mosawi family regardless their true intentions, educational status, productivity to humanity or society and morals, they have very high social status and spiritual status in the Middle East, because they are considered to be the purest form of Sayed who trace their direct lineage to Prophet Muhammad through his cousin and son-in-law Imam Ali Bin Abi Talib and Fatima bint Muhammad through their son Imam Hussain. People in the Middle East call Al-Mosawi family (Aal Al-Baett), which means the members of Prophet Muhammad house (his family), this gives the Al-Mosawi family a special holy status in the Middle East. It also entitles them to have an annual share of 20% of Muslim believers' assets and belongings.
Although no statistical data available to the day, but it is believed that most members of this tribe adhere to Shia Islam the Twelvers or Jafari approx 90-95% of the family are Shia muslims the rest are Sunni Islam which holds the name of "Hussaini Al-Musawi" and other noticeable Mosawi family names.

</doc>
<doc id="19745726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745726" title="Leon Dănăilă">
Leon Dănăilă

Leon Dănăilă (born 1 July 1933) is a Romanian neurosurgeon and author. He is a prolific author and has been responsible for a reduction in neurosurgical mortality at his hospital.
Dănăilă was born in Darabani, in Botoşani County, Romania. He is a graduate of the Faculty of General Medicine of Iaşi, as well as the Faculty of Psychology and Philosophy of Bucharest.
Education.
Dănăilă worked for three years as a general practitioner with the sanitary district of Comanesti and Darmanesti, in Bacău County. In 1961 he was appointed resident neurosurgeon at the Neurosurgery Clinic of Bucharest, where he has remained. He completed his specialty residency in 1966 and became a Doctor of Medicine - PhD - in 1973. In 1981 he was named a Senior Physician, 2nd degree, and became head of the Vascular Neurosurgery Department VII. In 1991, he was named Professor of Neurosurgery at the Bucharest Faculty of Medicine and Professor of Psychoneurology at the Titu Maiorescu University of Bucharest.
Dănăilă serves on the teaching board of the Faculty of Medicine at Bucharest, appointed in 1992. He has also been head of the Neurosurgery Department of that institution since 1996, in addition to President of the Romanian Neurosurgery Society since 1997. In 1980, Dănăilă was granted a Fulbright Scholarship, enabling him to work at the neurosurgery clinic of the University Hospital of New York. In July 1981 he travelled to the Netherlands for specialized studies in vascular neurosurgery and attended the Burdenke Neurosurgery Institute in Moscow.
Surgical career.
Following his travels, Dănăilă was able to perform the most complex of neurosurgical operations, including occlusion of aneurysm of the arterial vertebro-basilar system, ablation of the third ventricle tumors, surgical management of skull base tumors, carotidian and middle cerebral endarterectomy, and extra- and intracranial anastomosis. He also succeeded in reducing operation mortality from operations to percentages comparable with those reported by the world's most reputable neurosurgical clinics. Thus the surgical mortality rate in Bucharest fell from 50% to 2-6% for acoustic nerve neuroma and from 49% to 3% for intracerebral aneurysm cases. These reductions were aided by the endowment of the operating theatre with a surgical microscope and laser. So far, he made over 23,000 operations, of which 10,300 used the surgical microscope and 800 used CO2 and lasers.
Works.
In the course of his career, Danaila has communicated and published 317 scientific works, 59 of which appeared in foreign specialty journals. Works include "Logorrhea syndrome with hyperkinesia", "Ultrastructural changes of the cerebral substance and of the small vessels in the cerebral cortex determined by atherosclerosis", "The interaction of the two cerebral hemispheres in the integration of the language system", and "Histological studies of normal and pathological human cerebral tissue irradiated by CO2 laser". He has authored 39 books and co-authored another nine.

</doc>
<doc id="19745733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745733" title="Wood County Courthouse and Jail">
Wood County Courthouse and Jail

The Wood County Courthouse and Jail, located in Bowling Green, Ohio, USA, is Wood County's third courthouse. It was built after citizens decided to move the county seat from Perrysburg to Bowling Green. Ground was broken on November 28, 1893, and the cornerstone was laid on July 4, 1894. The architectural firm of Yost & Packard of Columbus designed the courthouse and construction was overseen by T.B. Townsend of Youngstown. The winning tender for the project was $153,803 and the final construction costs totaled $255,746.
The County Commissioners took possession of the new building on August 31, 1896, and the new Common Pleas Courtroom was dedicated on September 7, 1896.
Construction.
Sandstone from Amherst, Ohio, granite from Vermont, and marble from Italy were used in the construction of the courthouse. Architecturally, it is Richardsonian Romanesque in design with architectural sculpting throughout the building done by Whyte and Priest of Dayton, Ohio. Ornate stained glass panels cover much of the ceiling on the third floor and are visible from ground level due to the large open staircase which ascends through the middle of the second floor. The staircase consists of polished marble steps with brass railings.
The clock tower rises to a height of . At the time of its construction, the clock hands were the second largest in America spanning in diameter. They were only exceeded by the hands on the clock of the Chronicle newspaper building in San Francisco which were in diameter. The clock was made by the E. Howard Watch and Clock Co. at a cost of $3000. The clock tower bells weigh .
Murals decorate the east and west walls of the third floor. The murals were painted by I. M. Taylor (mayor of Bowling Green from 1911–1920). The east wall depicts Fort Meigs, a vital outpost in the war of 1812 and the west wall depicts a train passing through oil derricks in southern Wood County, a major producer of oil in the late 19th century.
A major restoration of the interior of the courthouse was undertaken in 1980, and a restoration of the exterior of the building was completed in 2002.
Current use.
The Clocktower is still in use. The original chimes are in working order and ring the hour, every hour by denoting one chime per hour. All four clockfaces are quite remarkable with two layers of roman numerals. The inner layer closest to the center is golden and can be viewed easily when in shade. The outer ring on numerals is painted black iron which is easily readable when in direct sunlight. The tower also contains a box designed for use by nesting falcons.
There are two common pleas courtrooms and accompanying judicial offices located on the third floor as well as a jury assembly room, holding cell and conference rooms. A probate courtroom and judicial offices are located on the second floor, as is the Clerk of Courts Office. The first floor houses court security, court administration and a domestic relations courtroom with magistrates' offices and conference rooms. A five story office building adjoining the courthouse contains a third common pleas courtroom and judicial offices as well as other county offices including the auditor, treasurer, engineer, commissioners, prosecutor, adult probation, building inspection and board of elections. A glass-enclosed atrium joining the courthouse and office building was completed in 2004. At that time existing entrances and exits to both buildings were closed and the atrium became the only public entrance to either building. It is staffed by court security who monitor people entering the buildings.
The jail.
Construction of the old Wood County Jail, located next to the Courthouse, was begun on May 21, 1901, and completed in 1902 at a cost of $49,000. The Fremont firm of Fronizer and Andrews constructed the building, which continued in use as the county jail until 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19745739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745739" title="USNS Henry J. Kaiser (T-AO-187)">
USNS Henry J. Kaiser (T-AO-187)

United States Naval Ship USNS "Henry J. Kaiser" (T-AO-187) is the lead ship of her class of fleet replenishment oilers of the United States Navy. She is named for Henry J. Kaiser (1882–1967), an American industrialist and shipbuilder.
Construction and delivery.
"Henry J. Kaiser" was laid down by Avondale Shipyard, Inc., in New Orleans, Louisiana, on 22 August 1984 and launched on 5 October 1985. She was the lead ship of the "Henry J. Kaiser" class of fleet replenishment oilers. She entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service with the Military Sealift Command on 19 December 1986.
Service history.
Following delivery, the Henry J. Kaiser operated out of Norfolk, VA as part of the Second Fleet. In 1995, she was forward deployed to Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean as part of the pre-positioning fleet. In 2002, she was transferred to the Third Fleet and placed in reduced operating status in Portland, OR. She was activated briefly in 2003 when two other oilers were simultaneously undergoing planned maintenance. In 2005, she was re-activated to full service as part of the Third Fleet, where she remains to this day.
Great Green Fleet.
During RIMPAC 2012, Kaiser delivered 900,000 gallons of a 50-50 blend of advanced biofuels and traditional petroleum-based fuel to the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS Nimitz (CVN 68) strike group. The fuel delivery is part of the Navy's Great Green Fleet demonstration, which allows the Navy to test, evaluate and demonstrate the cross-platform utility and functionality of advanced biofuels in an operational setting. This will achieve one of the five energy goals established by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus: to demonstrate a Great Green Fleet in local operations by 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19745751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745751" title="Prince's Cairn">
Prince's Cairn

The Prince's Cairn is a cairn at Loch nan Uamh in Lochaber, Scotland.
On 19 September 1746, Charles Edward Stuart arrived from "Cluny's Cage", that refuge on Ben Alder, accompanied by Donald Cameron of Lochiel, John Roy Stewart, and others. There they found "L'Heureux", the French frigate that was to carry him to safety. All that day, the 19th, they embarked the refugees that were to accompany the Prince into exile, and on the 20th they sailed away from Scotland. The Prince never saw it again, except perhaps in his dreams which may have helped to mitigate the bitterness of his later life.
Loch nan Uamh is also the place where the Prince first set foot on mainland Great Britain on 25 July 1745 and the place from where Charles escaped to the Hebrides after the Battle of Culloden.
"On the evening of 26 April 1746 the Prince, Colonel John William O’Sullivan, Captain Felix O’Neil, Father Allan MacDonald, Donald MacLeod "The Faithful Palinurus", Ned Burke and several boatmen set out to sea from the shore of Loch nan Uamh. The weather was terrible and the boat began to fill with water. Even MacLeod who knew the seas well thought all was lost. The sailors prayed for deliverance, prompting the Prince to comment that "while the clergyman who was with them ought to pray, the rest would be better employed bailing out the water". Next morning they struggled into a creek at Roisinis on the north-east point of Benbecula.".
The cairn can be found just off the A830 road, sometimes known as the Road to the Isles. (The nearest railway station is Beasdale about 2.5 miles to the West.) The cairn was erected by the 1745 Association on 4 October 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19745761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745761" title="Sheet, Hampshire">
Sheet, Hampshire

Sheet is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is northeast of Petersfield, just off the A3 road.
The nearest railway station is Petersfield, southwest of the village. The parish church of St Mary Magdalen is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19745774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745774" title="Far skal giftes">
Far skal giftes

Far skal giftes (Father is Going to Get Married) is a 1941 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Helge Kjærulff-Schmidt.

</doc>
<doc id="19745800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745800" title="Achieng Abura">
Achieng Abura

Achieng Abura is a musician from Kenya, who performs Afro-jazz, Afro-fusion and gospel music.
She debuted with a gospel album "I Believe" around 1990. Her following albums were "Way Over Yonder" and "Sulwe". In 2002, when she had shifted to Afro-jazz, she released album "Maisha". Later she released album "Spirit Of a Warrior". Her latest album, titled "Dhahabu Yangu" was released in 2007 by Blu Zebra label, owned by Tedd Josiah. 
She Voice of Crow from Tinga Tinga Tales.
Abura won Kora Award in 2004 for Best East African Female, the award was shared with Tsedenia Gebremarkos of Ethiopia. She is an UNDP Goodwill ambassador. She has toured abroad, for example Spain.
She was part of the "Divas of The Nile" supergroup, that featured four Kenyan female musicians. The others were Suzzana Owiyo, Mercy Myra and Princess Jully. The group performed at the Festival Mundial in Tilburg, Netherlands in 2007.
She acted as a principal of East African Project Fame in 2008. She has campaigned for the Global Call to Action Against Poverty. She is among the Kenyan artistes who have been sponsored by the Alliance Française in Nairobi. Abura was nominated for the social responsibility category at the *2008 Kisima Music Awards
She was born in Eldoret. She hold a MSc. degree in Philosophy and Environmental studies. She has one child. 
Kenyan musician Abbi was formerly Abura's backing vocalist before he became prominent solo artist.

</doc>
<doc id="19745804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745804" title="History of Mumbai under Islamic rule">
History of Mumbai under Islamic rule

The history of Mumbai under Islamic rule begins in 1348 and continues till 1534
History.
From 1348 to 1391, the islands were under the Muzaffarid dynasty. In 1391, shortly after the establishment of the Gujarat Sultanate, Muzaffar Shah I was appointed viceroy of north Konkan. For the administration of Bombay islands, he appointed a governor for Mahim shortly. During the reign of Ahmad Shah I (1411–1443), Malik-us-Sharq was appointed governor of Mahim, and he improved the existing revenue system. During the early 14th century, the Bhandaris seized the island of Mahim from the Sultanate and ruled it for eight years. However, it was shortly reconquered by Rai Qutb of the Gujarat Sultanate. Firishta, a Persian historian, recorded that by 1429 the seat of Government of the Gujarat Sultanate had transferred from Thane to Bombay (Mahim). On Rai Qutb's death in 1429–1430, Ahmad Shah I Wali of the Bahmani Sultanate of Deccan succeeded in capturing Salsette and Mahim.
Ahmad Shah I retaliated by sending his son Jafar Khan to recapture the lost territory, who emerged victorious in the battle fought between him and Ahmad Shah I Wali. In 1431, Mahim was recaptured by the Sultanate of Gujarat. On the Gujarat commandant of Mahim Kutb Khan's death after a few years, Ahmad Shah I Wali again despatched a large army to capture Mahim. In response, Ahmad Shah I sent down a huge army and navy under Jafar Khan. The defeat of Ahmad Shah I Wali in the battle witnessed the freedom of Bombay from all attacks by the Bahmani Sultanate. The Gujarat Sultanate's patronage led to the construction of many Islamic mosques, prominent being the Haji Ali Dargah, built by the Muslim saint Haji Ali in 1431. Later, the islands came under Bahadur Khan Gilani of the Gujarat Sultanate. During the years 1491–1494, Bombay was wrested from Gilani's control by the Bahamani general Mahmud Gavan. In 1508, Portuguese explorer Francisco de Almeida's ship sailed into the deep natural harbour of the island and he called it "Bom Bahia" (Good Bay). However, the Portuguese paid their first visit to the Bombay islands on 21 January 1509 when they landed at Mahim after capturing a Gujarat barge in the Bandra creek. After a series of attacks by the Gujarat Sultanate on Bombay, the islands were recaptured by Sultan Bahadur Shah from Mahmud Gavan.
In 1526, the Portuguese established their factory at Bassein. In 1528–1529, Lopo Vaz de Sampaio seized the fort of Mahim from the Gujarat Sultanate, when the King was at war with Nizam-ul-mulk, the lord of Cheul, a town south of Bombay. Bahadur Shah had grown apprehensive of the power of the Mughal emperor Humayun and he was obliged to sign the Treaty of Diu with the Portuguese in 1534. According to the treaty, the islands of Bombay and Bassein were offered to the Portuguese. However, Bassein and the seven islands were surrendered later by a treaty of peace and commerce between Bahadur Shah and Nuno da Cunha on 25 October 1535.

</doc>
<doc id="19745838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745838" title="Persischer Marsch">
Persischer Marsch

Persischer Marsch ("Persian March"), Op. 289, is a march composed by Johann Strauss II in the autumn of 1864. The composer conducted the first Viennese performance of the march in December 1864 at a festival concert in the Vienna Volksgarten, to celebrate the 20th anniversary of his debut as a composer.

</doc>
<doc id="19745841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745841" title="Arnaldo Carli">
Arnaldo Carli

Arnaldo Carli (30 July 1901 – 14 September 1972) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling. He was born in Milan.
Carli won a gold medal in team pursuit at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp (with Ruggero Ferrario, Franco Giorgetti and Primo Magnani).

</doc>
<doc id="19745847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745847" title="Soldridge">
Soldridge

Soldridge is a small village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is southwest of Alton, just off the A31 road.
The nearest railway station is the restored Medstead & Four Marks station on the Watercress Line, trains from which connect with the nearest national rail station to the northeast, at Alton.

</doc>
<doc id="19745860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745860" title="History of Bombay under Portuguese rule (1534–1661)">
History of Bombay under Portuguese rule (1534–1661)

Mumbai (formerly Bombay), Bombaim in Portuguese, is the financial capital of India and one of the most populous cities in the world. At the time of arrival of the Portuguese, current Mumbai was an archipelago of seven islands. Between the third century BCE and 1348, the islands came under the control of successive Hindu dynasties. The Muslim rulers of Gujarat, who had been ruling current Thane and Vasai for a few decades, annexed the islands in 1348, that were later governed by the Gujarat Sultanate from 1391 to 1534. Growing apprehensive of the power of the Mughal emperor Humayun, Sultan Bahadur Shah of the Gujarat Sultanate was obliged to sign the Treaty of Bassein with the Portuguese Empire on 23 December 1534. According to the treaty, the seven islands of Bombay, the nearby strategic town of Bassein and its dependencies were offered to the Portuguese. The territories were later surrendered on 25 October 1535.
The Portuguese were actively involved in the foundation and growth of their Roman Catholic religious orders in Bombay. They called the islands by various names, which finally took the written form "Bombaim". The islands were leased to several Portuguese officers during their regime. The Portuguese Franciscans and Jesuits built several churches in the city, prominent being the St. Michael's Church at Mahim, St. John the Baptist Church at Andheri, St. Andrew's Church at Bandra, and Gloria Church at Byculla. The Portuguese also built several fortifications around the city like the Bombay Castle, "Castella de Aguada" (Castelo da Aguada or Bandra Fort), and Madh Fort. The British were in constant struggle with the Portuguese vying for hegemony over Bombay, as they recognized its strategic natural harbour and its natural isolation from land-attacks.
By the middle of the 17th century the growing power of the Dutch Empire forced the British to acquire a station in western India. On 11 May 1661, the marriage treaty of Charles II of England and Catherine of Braganza, daughter of King John IV of Portugal, placed Bombay in possession of the British Empire, as part of dowry of Catherine to Charles. Even after the treaty, some villages in Bombay remained under Portuguese possession, but many were later acquired by the British.
Arrival of the Portuguese.
Between the third century BCE and 1534, the islands had come under the control of successive dynasties: Mauryas (3rd century BCE - around 185 BCE), Satavahanas (Around 185 BCE - 250 CE), Abhiras and Vakatakas (250 CE - early 5th century), Kalachuris (5th century), Konkan Mauryas (6th and early 7th century), Chalukyas (later 7th century), Rashtrakutas (mid-8th century), Silharas (810 to 1260), Yadavas (late 13th century - 1348), Muslim rulers of Gujarat (1348–1391), and the Gujarat Sultanate (1391–1534). At the time of arrival of the Portuguese, Bombay was ruled by Sultan Bahadur Shah of the Gujarat Sultanate, and was an archipelago of seven islands: Bombay Island ("Bombaim"), Parel, Mazagaon, Mahim, Colaba, Worli, and Old Woman's Island (also known as "Little Colaba"). The Salsette group of islands were located east of Bombay, separated by the Mahim Bay. Important strategic towns located near Bombay were; Bassein ("Baçaim") to the north, Thana to the east, and Chaul to the south. 
The Portuguese first reached the west coast of India when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama landed at Calicut in 1498. For several years after their arrival in India, they had been consolidating their power in north Konkan. They had established a strong foothold in Goa, which they captured from the Sultan of Bijapur in 1510. Portuguese explorer Francisco de Almeida's ship sailed into the deep natural harbour of Bombay in December 1508 on his expedition from Cannanore to Diu. The Portuguese paid their first visit to the islands on 21 January 1509, when they landed at Mahim after capturing a barge of the Gujarat Sultanate in the Mahim creek. Between 1513-14, they requested Sultan Bahadur Shah to allow them build a fortress at Mahim. In 1517, during the viceroyalty of Lopo Soares de Albergaria (1515–18), João de Monroyo entered the Bandora creek (Bandra creek) and defeated the Gujarat commandant of Mahim. Between 1522 and 1524, when Duarte de Menezes was viceroy of Goa, the Portuguese were constantly prowling about Bombay for the ships of the Gujarat Sultante.
In 1526, the Portuguese established their factory at Bassein. During 1528-29, Lopo Vaz de Sampaio seized the fort of Mahim from the Gujarat Sultanate, when Sultan Bahadur Shah was at war with Nizam-ul-mulk, the emperor of Chaul. Bombay came into prominence in connection with the attempt of the Portuguese to capture Diu in 1530-31. Nuno da Cunha, the viceroy of Goa, commanded the largest fleet seen in India, which passed through Bombay Harbour. In March–April 1531, the Portuguese torched the towns of Thana and Mahim. In consequence of this success, and later of Nuno da Cunha's capture of Bassein in January 1533, the islands of Bombay and Mahim, together with Bandra, became tributary to the Portuguese.
Accession of the islands to the Portuguese.
The Mughal Empire, founded in 1526, was the dominant power in the Indian subcontinent during the mid-16th century. The dynasty was founded when Babur, hailing from Ferghana (in modern day Uzbekistan), invaded parts of North India and defeated Ibrahim Shah Lodhi, the ruler of Delhi Sultanate, at the First Battle of Panipat in 1526. After Babur's death on 26 December 1530, his son Humayun (1530–40) ascended to the throne at Agra on 29 December 1530.
Sultan Bahadur Shah had grown apprehensive of the power of Humayun. He dispatched his chief officer Xacoes (Shah Khawjeh) to Nuno da Cunha with an offer to hand over the seven islands of Bombay together with Bassein, its dependencies, and revenues by sea and land. On 23 December 1534, the Treaty of Bassein was signed on board the galleon "San Mateos" (St. Matthew). Bassein and the seven islands of Bombay were surrendered later by a treaty of peace and commerce between Bahadur Shah and Nuno da Cunha on 25 October 1535, permanently ending the Islamic rule on the islands.
Development of islands.
In the general distribution of estates which occurred after 1534, Bombay Island was leased to Mestre Diogo for an annual rent of 1,432½ pardaos (about Rs. 537-3-0), payable at the royal treasury in Bassein. Mahim was similarly rented for 36,057 foedeas (Rs. 751-3-0), the custom house of Mahim for 39,975 foedeas (Rs. 791-2-9), and Mazagon for 8,500 foedeas (Rs. 178). The "San Miguel" (St. Michael's Church) in Mahim, the oldest Portuguese Franciscan church in Bombay, was built in 1534. Bombay was placed under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Vigario da Vara at Bassein. Under his auspices, the Franciscan Order was established. The Jesuit Order was established in 1542, the most notable member of which was the Navarrese Jesuit Francis Xavier. The Dominican Order established in Goa in 1545, was established in Bombay in 1548. The Portuguese called the islands by various names like "Mombai", "Mombay", "Mombayn", "Mombaym", and "Bombai", which finally took the written form "Bombaim", still common in current Portuguese use. After the British gained possession, it was believed to be anglicised to "Bombay" from the Portuguese "Bombaim". Between 1545 and 1548, during the viceroyalty of João de Castro (1545-7), the four villages of Parel, Wadala, Sion, and Worli were granted to Manuel Serrão for an annual payment of 412 pardaos (Rs. 154-8-0). Salsette was granted for three years to João Rodrigues Dantas, Cosme Corres, and Manuel Corres. Trombay and Chembur were granted to Roque Tello de Menezes, and the Island of Pory (Elephanta Island) to João Pirez in 1548 for 105 pardaos (Rs. 39-6-0). The revenue of the custom house at Walkeshwar was granted to a Portuguese officer for 60 foedeas (Rs. 1-4-0). Mazagaon was granted to António Pessoa. In 1554, during the viceroyalty of Pedro Mascarenhas, the seven islands of Bombay were leased to Garcia de Orta, a Portuguese physician and botanist, for a yearly rent equivalent to about £85 sterling. Orta had fled Portugal to escape the trials of the Portuguese Inquisition, established in 1536, where non-Catholics, especially Sephardi Jews, were severely persecuted.
Garcia de Orta was responsible for building the manor-house (Bombay Castle) in Bombay. He also mentioned several accounts of the islands and the people living in Bombay during his time. During his regime, as regards the population of the island, Bombay was composed of seven villages subordinate to two "cacabas" ("kashas") or chief stations, at which customs-duty was levied. These villages were "Mahim", "Parel", "Varella" (Wadala) and "Syva" (Sion) under the "kasba" (chief officer) of Mahim, and "Mazagaon", "Bombaim" (Bombay), and "Varel" (Worli) under the "kasba" (chief officer) of Bombay. In addition to these, there were smaller hamlets like Cavel, Colaba, Naigaon and Dongri, which had existed from the epoch of indigenous Hindu settlement. The Kolis, a fishing community, formed the most numerous class of people, and dwelt in most parts of Bombay from Colaba in the south to Sion and Mahim in the north. Other Hindu communities residing were, the "Kunbis" and "Agris" (Curumbins) (who cultivated the fields and sowed them with rice and all sorts of pulse), the "Malis" (who tended the orchards), and the Piaes (men-at-arms) (who were Bhandaris). The "Parus" (Prabhus) dwelt in Mahim, Bombay, and Parel. They collected the rents of the King and of the inhabitants and their estates, and were also merchants. The Muslim Moors in Bombay were solely engaged in maritime trade. A few Muslims of less mixed descent were living in Mahim, but the bulk of the followers of Islam belonged to the Konkani Muslim community. Christians residing in Bombay during his time included eleven Roman Catholic Portuguese families of married men. The other three communities mentioned by Orta as residents in Bassein and its surrounding tracts were "Baneanes" (Banias), "Coaris" or "Esparcis" (Parsis), and "Deres" (Dheds or Mahars) or Farazes. The Banias and Parsis did not actually settle in Bombay until after its cession to England by the Portuguese. Bombay apparently remained in Orta's possession until his death in Goa in 1570, where he was burnt at stake for his Jewish faith. The islands appears to have been granted on the same tenure to several Portuguese officials in succession.
The Portuguese encouraged intermarriage with the local population, and strongly supported the Roman Catholic Church. They converted nearly 10,000 natives to Christianity in Bassein, Thane, and neighbouring places. They started the Inquisition in India in 1560. These people were referred as "Portuguese Christians". Later, named themselves as the East Indian Catholics (after the British East India Company) during the British regime because Goan and Mangalorean Catholic settlers in Bombay were also referred to as "Portuguese Christians" by British. After António Pessoa's death in 1571, a patent was issued which granted Mazagaon in perpetuity to the Sousa e Lima family. The St. Andrew Church at Bandra was built in 1575 by the Portuguese Jesuits. The union of the crowns of Portugal and Spain in 1580–1640 opened the way for other European powers to follow the spice routes to India. The Dutch arrived first, closely followed by the British. The Portuguese also built several fortifications around the city. The Madh Fort was one of their most important constructions in Salsette. The first English merchants arrived in Bombay in November 1583, and travelled through Bassein and Thana. A prominent merchant among them was Ralph Fitch from London. They mentioned that Bassein and Thana were tading in rice and corn on a small scale. They arrived in Chaul on 10 November 1583. During this time, Bombay's main trade was coconuts and coir. The Portuguese Franciscans had obtained practical control of Salsette and Mahim by 1585, and built "Nossa Senhora do Bom Conselho" (Our Lady of Good Advice, affiliated to igreja de São Miguel / St. Michael's Church in 1596) at Sion and "Nossa Senhora da Salvação" (Our Lady of Salvation, popularly referred as "Portuguese Church") at Dadar in 1596. The immense natural advantages of Bombay aroused the cupidity of the English who recognized its value as a naval base. In November 1612, the British fought the Battle of Swally with the Portuguese at Surat for the possession of Bombay. The British emerged victorious in the battle, and the Portuguese defeat was a significant event in marking the beginning of the end of their commercial monopoly over western India. Later, the British burnt the manor house built by Garcia de Orta in 1626. Dorabji Nanabhoy, a Gujarati trader, was the first Parsi to settle in Bombay in 1640. The Parsis immensely contributed towards the future development of Bombay during the British period. In 1640, the Portuguese built "Castella de Aguada" (Fort of the Waterpoint) at Bandra, as a watchtower overlooking the Mahim Bay, the Arabian Sea and the southern island of Mahim. It was armed with seven cannons and other smaller guns as defence.
End of Portuguese rule.
In 1652, the Surat Council of the British Empire urged the British East India Company to purchase Bombay from the Portuguese. In 1654, the British East India Company drew the attention of Oliver Cromwell, a top English military officer, to this suggestion by the Surat Council, laying great stress upon its excellent harbour and its natural isolation from land-attacks. By the middle of the seventeenth century the growing power of the Dutch Empire forced the English to acquire a station in western India. The Directors of the Council of Surat reported in 1659 that every effort should be made to obtain Bombay from King John IV of Portugal. On 11 May 1661, the marriage treaty of Charles II of England and Catherine of Braganza, daughter of King John IV of Portugal, placed Bombay in the possession of the British Empire, as part of Catherine's dowry to Charles.
On 19 March 1662, Abraham Shipman was appointed the first Governor and General of the city, and his fleet arrived in Bombay in September–October 1662. On being asked to hand over Bombay and Salsette to the English, the Portuguese Governor contended that Bombay Island alone had been ceded, and alleging irregularity in the patent, he refused to give up even Bombay Island. The Portuguese Viceroy declined to interfere and Shipman was prevented from landing in Bombay. He was forced to retire to the island of Anjediva in North Canara and died there in October 1664. In November 1664, Shipman's successor Humphrey Cooke agreed to accept Bombay Island without its dependencies, with the condition of granting special privileges to Portuguese citizens in Bombay, and no interference in the Roman Catholic religion. However, Salsette, Mazagaon, Parel, Worli, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala still remained under Portuguese possession. From 1665 to 1666, Cooke managed to acquire Mahim, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala for the English.
Historiography.
The historical period of Portuguese colonial rule in the seven original islands of Bombay (1534–1665) and in the remaining territory of the Northern Province of the Estado da Índia (1534–1739) has been scantly researched. During the second half of the 19th century, Dr. J Gerson da Cunha, a Bombayite of Goan origin, began compiling information on the subject and published some books and articles. He wrote the first book on history of Bombay, "The Origin of Bombay", published by the Bombay branch of the Royal Asiatic Society. Later, Braz Fernandes, an East-Indian, took up da Cunha's work and provided more in depth studies, especially about the Island of Salsette (Shashti) and the ruins in Vasai. Since the Independence of India, a few historians and scholars in Mumbai have studied local or partial aspects of the period's history. Of particular interest are the works of Mariam Dossal, Pankaj Joshi, Theresa Albuquerque and Fleur de Souza. However, the most significant recent contribution to the study of Bombay's Portuguese layer has come from the research project Bombay Before the British, developed by the Architecture Department of the University of Coimbra between 2004 and 2007. Broadly speaking, the state of the art regarding Mumbai's indo-Portuguese historical layer is currently (2012) represented by two PhD dissertations recently concluded in Portugal and also most of the content in the "Heritage of Portuguese Influence" inventory.
Notes.
a The current Bombay Castle was a structure built by the British on the site of the manor house.

</doc>
<doc id="19745876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745876" title="Peter Andersen (film)">
Peter Andersen (film)

Peter Andersen is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Svend Methling and starring Carl Alstrup.

</doc>
<doc id="19745881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745881" title="Trochulus striolatus">
Trochulus striolatus

Trochulus striolatus, previously known as Trichia striolata, common name the "strawberry snail," is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae. 
This species of snail uses love darts before mating.
Distribution.
This snail is native to northwestern Europe, occurring in:
The distribution of the subspecies "Trochulus striolatus danubialis" is Danubian.

</doc>
<doc id="19745898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745898" title="Ruggero Ferrario">
Ruggero Ferrario

Ruggero Ferrario (7 October 1897 – 5 April 1976) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He won a gold medal in team pursuit at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp (with Arnaldo Carli, Franco Giorgetti and Primo Magnani).
He won the first Coppa Bernocchi race in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="19745902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745902" title="Constables Protection Act 1750">
Constables Protection Act 1750

The Constables Protection Act 1750 (24 Geo. 2 c. 44) is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain that gives "constables ... and other officers" protection from being sued for carrying out the orders of a justice of the peace.
Justices themselves have immunity from being sued for their own actions under sections 31-33 of the Courts Act 2003, except if they have acted outside their jurisdiction "and" in bad faith.

</doc>
<doc id="19745908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745908" title="Bena (moth)">
Bena (moth)

Bena is a genus of moth in the Nolidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="19745915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745915" title="Gibidumsee">
Gibidumsee

Gibidumsee may refer to two lakes in the canton of Valais, Switzerland:

</doc>
<doc id="19745922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745922" title="Jack Ross (writer)">
Jack Ross (writer)

Jack Ross (Auckland, 6 November 1962) is a New Zealand poet, novelist, translator, editor and lecturer in creative writing. A trilogy of novels has been published by two different publishers, Alan Brunton's Bumper Books (Volume 1) and Titus Books (publisher).
Biography.
Born on Auckland's North Shore, Ross was raised and educated in the East Coast Bays. After completing degrees in English and Italian at the University of Auckland, Ross was given a Commonwealth Scholarship to study in the UK in and was awarded a PhD in English and Comparative Literature by the University of Edinburgh. He is a Lecturer specialising in Academic and Creative Writing at Massey University's Albany campus.
From 2002 to 2005 Ross was editor of the literary magazine "brief". He has also edited other literary magazines "The Pander" (co-editor 1998-99), "Spin" (co-editor 1999-2003), "Landfall" (guest editor: issue 214, 2007), and "Poetry NZ" (guest editor: issue 38, 2008).
Criticism.
Ross is little known outside New Zealand avante garde literary circles. He was described by Richard Reeve in "Landfall" as "a leading contributor to the field of experimental writing in New Zealand", Mark Houlahan remarked in "New Zealand Books" (2) (June, 2005): 14-15, that "Nobody else in New Zealand writes quite like Ross, though some of Bill Manhire’s fictions in "The New Land" are precedents." Other reviewers have been less positive: Laurence Jenkins wrote that "Not all the contents are evil, but the spirit of darkness certainly prevails," about "Nights with Giordano Bruno" JAAM 16 (2001): 185. According to Joe Wylie "Outside of literati farm, this sort of thing has a very limited life expectancy ... Can Ross move beyond this? Does he choose not to?" 54 (2005) 63.
Works.
Jack Ross has also edited and co-edited a number of publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19745924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745924" title="Elmira College Old Campus">
Elmira College Old Campus

The Elmira College Old Campus is the historic part of Elmira College in Elmira, New York. Historically known as The Elmira Collegiate Seminary or The Elmira Female College, the college was the first in the United States to affer a degree program to women on a par with those offered by men's programs. The contributing structures are also significant as good examples of the architecture of the period in which they were built. The contributing buildings are; Cowles Hall, Hamilton House, Mark Twain's Study, Gillett Hall, Carnegie Science Hall, Fassett Commons, Tompkins Hall, and Hamilton Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19745925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745925" title="Yuxiang">
Yuxiang

Yuxiang () is a seasoning mixture in Chinese cuisine, and also refers to the resulting sauce in which meat or vegetables are cooked. It is said to have originated in Sichuan cuisine, but has since spread to other regional Chinese cuisines. The technique of sauteeing the combined base ingredients of garlic, scallions and ginger is sometimes compared with the French mirepoix.
On top of the basic mixture, cooking yuxiang almost always includes the use of sugar, salt, doubanjiang, soy sauce, and chili peppers.
Preparation.
Proper preparation of the yuxiang seasoning includes finely minced white scallion, ginger and garlic. They are mixed in more or less equal portions, though some prefer to include more scallions than ginger and garlic. The mixture is then fried in vegetable oil with the doubanjiang and chili to create the basic sauce.
Dishes.
Despite the term literally meaning "fish fragrance" in Chinese, yuxiang contains no seafood, is typically not used in seafood, but rather for dishes often containing beef, pork, or chicken, as well as vegetarian recipes. In fact, Barbara Tropp suggests in "The Modern Art of Chinese Cooking" that the characters can also be interpreted as meaning "Szechwan-Hunan" flavor. Dishes that use yuxiang as the main seasoning have the term affixed to their name. For instance:

</doc>
<doc id="19745927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745927" title="Thirty Seconds to Mars discography">
Thirty Seconds to Mars discography

The discography of Thirty Seconds to Mars, an American rock band, consists of four studio albums, three extended plays, eleven singles, five promotional singles and thirteenmusic videos. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1998 by brothers Jared Leto and Shannon Leto, with Tomo Milicevic joining the band later. The band's debut album, "30 Seconds to Mars", was released through Immortal and Virgin Records in August 2002 and peaked at number 107 on the US "Billboard" 200 and number one on the US Top Heatseekers, selling more than two million copies worldwide as of March 2011. The album produced two singles, "Capricorn (A Brand New Name)" and "Edge of the Earth", which both reached the top ten of the UK Rock Chart.
The band released their second album, "A Beautiful Lie", in August 2005. It peaked at number 38 on the US "Billboard" 200 and received multiple certifications all over the world, including platinum in the United States. The first single from the album, "Attack", was the most added track on American alternative radio during its first week of release, while "The Kill", the second single, set a record for the longest-running hit in the history of the US Alternative Songs chart when it remained on the national chart for more than 50 weeks, following its number three peak in 2006. The third single, "From Yesterday", topped the US Alternative Songs for several weeks. "A Beautiful Lie" was released as the album's fourth single in some territories.
In 2008, the band attempted to sign with a new label, prompting EMI to file a $30 million lawsuit, claiming that Thirty Seconds to Mars was obligated to produce three more albums as required by its contract. The case settled as the band returned to EMI, and "This Is War", the third album, arrived in December 2009. The album peaked at number 18 in the United States and reached the top ten of several national album charts, including Austria, New Zealand and Portugal. Its first two singles, "Kings and Queens" and "This Is War", reached the number-one spot on the US Alternative Songs chart. The third single, "Closer to the Edge", topped the UK Rock Chart for eight consecutive weeks. The band collaborated with rapper Kanye West on the single "Hurricane 2.0", which was released as the album's fourth single in selected territories and reached number four on the UK Rock Chart. Their fourth studio album, "Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams", was released through Universal in May 2013 and reached the top ten in more than fifteen countries, including the United Kingdom and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19745933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745933" title="1966–67 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1966–67 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1966. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19745934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745934" title="House of Secrets (Vertigo)">
House of Secrets (Vertigo)

House of Secrets was an occult and horror-themed comic book series written by Steven T. Seagle. The art was by Teddy Kristiansen, with occasional assistance by Christian Højgaard, Guy Davis, Duncan Fegredo and the Pander Brothers. It debuted in October 1996, published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics, and ran for 25 issues, followed by a two-issue limited series "House of Secrets: Facade", by the same creative team in 2001.
Although its title was based on the classic "House of Secrets" series that ran from 1956 to 1976, it was an otherwise unrelated series.
Plot.
Inveterate liar Rain Harper comes to Seattle and meets a young girl named Traci, who offers to let Rain stay in a derelict house with her. The house turns out to be the surprisingly expansive and lavishly decorated Reichuss Mansion, a renowned haunted house in Seattle. When she steps into the pantry, Rain encounters an otherworldly entity called the "Juris", which acts as judge, jury and executioner in a courtroom in the hereafter. After defendant souls present their secrets to be judged by a tribunal of spirits, sentence is pronounced upon them, and they are sent to either the attic, the world, or the basement, which are stand-ins for heaven, purgatory and hell. The Juris calls Rain as a witness in one of its trials. The Juris is composed of The Plyck, a flaming hand; Pfaultz, a sexual predator who masqueraded as a health inspector using someone else's edict from Charles IV (Holy Roman Emperor); Ni An, a Japanese woman who accepted blame for her older sister's murder of their mutual husband; Clius, a roman bust who was once a scribe and playwright who had offended Hadrian; and Digol, an ancient Greek who wrote down the law to remember it. The newest member of the Juris is Ruby, who replaced an Ancient Egyptian woman. She was buried alive by whites who were appalled at her relationship with a white man in early 1960s Alabama and represents blind Lady Justice—she is the only one Rain likes. Aside from the mysterious Plyck, whose origin remains unknown (an essay on hands and the number five was told instead), all of the members of the Juris died from being intentionally buried alive—in the case of Clius, buried after his limbs were torn off on a rack.
Rain later strikes up a friendship with a musician named Ben Volk, who plays in a band called the Nightmare of Reason. The narcissistic lead singer of the band, Erik, starts a relationship with Rain, but later rapes Traci, a crime for which he is duly convicted by the Juris. Rain decides to leave Seattle, but returns not long afterwards to find her dead mother condemned to the basement for keeping the secret of her diagnosis with ovarian cancer during her lifetime. Rain herself is made a defendant in her own trial for keeping secret her grief at her mother's death. She is sentenced to hanging, but is saved by Ben and Traci.
The derelict mansion is eventually demolished, and Rain, Ben, and Traci move on with their lives. Somewhere on the east coast, Rain discovers the Reichuss Mansion again, exact in every detail. Rain has to protect Ben, Traci, and herself from judgment at the hands of the Juris, or else the mansion might follow them all for the rest of their lives.
Collected editions.
The first five issues of the series were collected in a trade paperback. No subsequent collections were published until the release of an Omnibus volume in April of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19745938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745938" title="History of Bombay under British rule">
History of Bombay under British rule

The History of Bombay under British rule recounts the development of Bombay into a modern port and city.
Struggle with native powers (1661–1817).
On 18 January 1665, King Charles granted Humphrey Cooke the possession of Bombay. However, Salsette, Mazagaon, Parel, Worli, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala still remained under Portuguese possession. Later, Cooke managed to acquire Mahim, Sion, Dharavi, and Wadala for the English. Sir Gervase Lucas, who was appointed Governor of Bombay on 5 November 1666, reported that Bombay included all the islands except Colaba and Old Woman's Island. On 21 September 1668, the "Royal Charter" of 27 March 1668, led to the transfer of Bombay from Charles II to the British East India Company for an annual rent of £10. Sir George Oxenden became the first Governor of Bombay under the regime of the British East India Company. Gerald Aungier, who became Governor of Bombay on July 1669, established the mint and printing press in Bombay and developed the islands into a centre of commerce. He also offered various business incentives, which attracted various communities like Gujuratis, Parsis, Dawoodi Bohras, and Jews. On 20 February 1673, Rickloffe van Goen, the Governor-General of Dutch India attacked Bombay, but the attack was resisted by Aungier. The Treaty of Westminster (1674), concluded between England and Holland, relieved the British settlements in Bombay of further apprehension from the Dutch.
In 1682, the Company fortified the Middle Ground Coastal Battery isle in the archipelago to curb the sea piracy in the area. Between 1678 and 1682, Yakut Khan, the Siddi admiral of the Mughal Empire, landed at Sewri and torched Mahim. By 15 February 1689, Khan conquered almost the whole island, and razed the Mazagon Fort in June 1690. After a payment made by the British to Aurangzeb, the ruler of the Mughal Empire, Yakut evacuated Bombay on 8 June 1690. In 1715, the construction of Bombay Castle was finished, which fortified the island of Bombay from sea attacks by the Portuguese and Mughals. By 26 December 1715, Charles Boone assumed the Governorship of Bombay, and constructed the St. Thomas Cathedral in 1718, which was the first Anglican Church in Bombay. In 1737, Salsette was captured by the Maratha Empire and most of the Portuguese provinces in Bombay was ceded to the Marathas in 1739. In 1753, the Naval Dockyard was opened which remains the oldest docks in the city. The first land-use laws were also enacted in Bombay during this period. The British occupied Salsette in 1774, which was formally ceded to the British East India Company by the Treaty of Salbai signed in 1782. In 1782, William Hornby assumed the office of Governor of Bombay, and initiated the Hornby Vellard engineering project of connecting the isles in 1784. However, the project was rejected by the British East India Company in 1783. The construction of the Sion Causeway commenced in 1798 and was completed in 1803. In 1803, Bombay was hit by a severe famine, which led to a large scale emigration. On November 5, 1817, the British East India Company defeated Bajirao II, the Peshwa of the Maratha Empire, in the Battle of Kirkee which took place on the Deccan Plateau. The success of the British campaign in the Deccan witnessed the freedom of Bombay from all attacks by native powers.
City development (1817–1885).
The encouragement to the trade of Bombay combined with the Company's military successes in the Deccan paved the way for the educational and economic progress which characterized the city during the nineteenth century. The Hornby Vellard project gained momentum in 1817. One of the chief improvements to the north of Colaba was the construction of the Wellington Pier (Apollo Bundar) the present Gateway of India area, which was opened for passenger traffic in 1819. Bombay was hit by a water famine in 1824. In July 1832, the Parsi-Hindu riots took place in consequence of a Government order for killing of dogs. In 1838, the islands of Colaba and Little Colaba were connected to Bombay by the Colaba Causeway. The Bank of Bombay was opened in 1840, which remains the oldest bank in the city. By 1845, all the seven islands had been connected to form a single island called Old Bombay having an area of by the Hornby Vellard project. In 1845, the Mahim Causeway, which connected Mahim to Bandra was completed. In 1845, the Grant Medical College and hospital, the third in the country, was founded by Governor Robert Grant. Riots broke out between Muslims and Parsis in October 1851, in consequence of an ill-advised article on Prophet Muhammad which appeared in the "Gujarathi" newspaper. On 16 April 1853 the first-ever Indian railway line began operations between Bombay and neighbouring Thane, over a distance of 21 miles.
The first cotton mill in Bombay, the Bombay Spinning and Weaving Company was established on 7 July 1854. The foundation of the University of Bombay in 1857 made it the first modern institution of higher education in India, along with the University of Calcutta. The Great Indian Peninsular Railway and the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway (BB&CI) were started in 1860. The outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861 increased the demand for cotton in the West, and led to an enormous increase in cotton-trade. In 1866, the British Government established the Bombay Coast and River Steam Navigation Company for the maintenance of steam ferries between Bombay and nearby islands; while the opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 completely revolutionized the marine trade of Bombay. In 1870 the docks were consolidated under the Bombay Port Trust, and the Bombay Municipal Corporation was established in 1872, providing a modern framework of governance for the rapidly-growing city. Tramway communication was also instituted in 1872. Public gardens such as the Victoria Gardens and Northbrook Gardens were opened in 1873 and 1874 respectively. Violent Parsi-Muslim riots again broke out in February 1874, which were caused by an attack upon Prophet Muhammad published by a Parsi resident. The Bombay Gymkhana was formed in 1875 and soon organizations such as Bombay Quadrangular followed. Bombay became one of the few cities in the world to include a large national park within its limits, and the Bombay Natural History Society was founded in 1883. The Princess Dock was built in 1885 as part of a scheme for improving the whole foreshore of the Bombay harbour.
Political consciousness and freedom struggle (1885–1947).
The growth of political consciousness started after the establishment of the Bombay Presidency Association by Dadabhai Naoroji on 31 January 1885. The Bombay Millowners' Association was formed in February 1875 in order to protect interests threatened by possible factory and tariff legislation by the British. The foundation of the Indian National Congress in 1885 was one of the most important political event in Bombay. The first session of the Indian National Congress was held in Bombay from 28–31 December 1885. In 1888, the Bombay Municipal Act was enacted which gave the British Government wide powers of interference in civic matters. The Victoria Terminus of the Great Indian Peninsular Railway, one of the finest stations in the world, was also completed in 1888. On 11 August 1893, a very serious riot took place between the Hindus and Muslims in Bombay, which led to 1500 arrests and 80 were injured. In 1896, Bombay was hit by bubonic plague which killed thousands of citizens. In a single week in 1897, over 10,000 persons fled Bombay. On 9 March 1898 there was a serious riot which started with a sudden outbreak of hostility against the measures adopted by Government for suppression of plague. The riot led to a strike of dock and railway workers which paralysed the city for a few days. The significant results of the plague was the creation of the Bombay City Improvement Trust in 1898 and the Haffkine Institute in 1899. The cotton mill industry was also adversely affected during 1900 and 1901 due to the flight of workers because of the plague. The years 1904–05, however, witnessed a reversion of this state of affairs.
The Partition of Bengal in 1905 initiated the Swadeshi movement, which led to the boycotting of British goods, had a tremendous impact on Bombay. On 22 July 1908, Lokmanya Tilak, the principal advocate of the Swadeshi movement in Bombay, was sentenced to six years imprisonment, which led to huge scale protests in the city. The "Bombay Chronicle" was started by Pherozeshah Mehta, the leader of the Indian National Congress, in April 1913, which played an important role in the national movement till India's Independence. The most important event in Bombay early in 1915 was the visit of Mahatma Gandhi to Bombay. The All India Home Rule League was inaugurated by Annie Besant at Madras in September 1916. Meanwhile, Tilak had already started his own Home Rule League at Bombay in May 1916 to bid for support of the mill workers in Bombay. Lord Willingdon convened the Provincial War Conference at Bombay on 10 June 1918, whose objective was to seek the co-operation of the people in the World War I measures which the British Government thought it necessary to take in the Bombay Presidency. The conference was followed by huge rallies across the city. The worldwide influenza epidemic raged through Bombay from September to December 1918, causing hundreds of deaths per day. The first important strike in the textile industry in Bombay began in January 1919. Bombay was the main centre of the Rowlatt Satyagraha movement started by Mahatma Gandhi from February — April 1919. The movement was started as a result of the Rowlatt Act, which indefinitely extended emergency measures during the First World War in order to control public unrest.
Following World War I, which saw large movement of India troops, supplies, arms and industrial goods to and from Bombay, the city life was shut down many times during the Non-cooperation movement from 1920 to 1922. In 1926, the Back Bay scandal occurred, when the Bombay Development Department under the British reclaimed the Back Bay area in Bombay after the financial crisis incidental to the post-war slump in the city. In 1927, the first electric locomotives were put into service up to Poona and Igatpuri and later electric multiple rake commuter trains ran up to Virar on the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway railway. In the late 1920s, many Persians migrated to Bombay from Yazd to escape the drought in Iran. In the early 1930s, the nationwide Civil disobedience movement against the British Salt tax spread to Bombay. Vile Parle was the headquarters of the movement in Bombay under Jamnalal Bajaj. On 15 October 1932 industrialist and aviator J.R.D. Tata pioneered civil aviation in Bombay by flying a plane from Karachi to Bombay. Bombay was affected by the Great Depression of 1929, which saw a stagnation of mill industry and economy from 1933 to 1939. With World War II, the movements of thousands of troops, military and industrial goods and the fleet of the Royal Indian Navy made Bombay an important military base for the battles being fought in West Asia and South East Asia. The climactic Quit India rebellion was promulgated on 7 August 1942 by the Congress in a public meeting at Gowalia Tank. The Royal Indian Navy Mutiny of 18 February 1946 in Bombay marked the first and most serious revolt by the Indian sailors of the Royal Indian Navy against British rule. On 15 August 1947, finally India was declared independent. The last British troops to leave India, the First Battalion of the Somerset Light Infantry, passed through the arcade of the Gateway of India in Bombay on 28 February 1948. The 282 year long period of the British period in Bombay ended after India's Independence in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19745941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745941" title="Standford">
Standford

Standford is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is east of Bordon, on the B3004 road.
The nearest railway station is Liphook, southeast of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19745945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745945" title="Stably free module">
Stably free module

In mathematics, a stably free module is a module which is close to being free.
Definition.
A finitely generated module "M" over a ring "R" is "stably free" if there exist free finitely generated modules "F" and "G" over "R" such that

</doc>
<doc id="19745953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745953" title="Peter Andersen">
Peter Andersen

Peter Andersen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19745957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745957" title="1967–68 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1967–68 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1967. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19745967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745967" title="Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway">
Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway

The Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway was a railway located in south Wales which broadly ran between Pontypridd and Llantrisant. It opened to freight traffic in 1863 and to passenger traffic in 1875. Whilst it was technically an independent company it was regarded as having strong links to the existing Taff Vale Railway and indeed in 1889 it formally amalgamated with this much larger concern. The section between Llantwit Fardre and Trefforest closed in 1964.
Treforest to Llantrisant.
The stations on the line were:
Tonteg Halt railway station existed on the Taff Value line lower down from the Barry railway's Tonteg Junction. This was closed around 1930 and resituated at Tonteg Junction and the former station's name of Tonteg Halt was kept. The various junctions to the north of Tonteg Halt were built at different times as the rationalisation of the tracks through this area was made around 1930. See the article on Tonteg Halt railway station for further details.
Beddau Halt was originally named World's end and is not to be confused with Aber station in Caerphilly which was originally called Beddau Halt.
The line also had a number of branch lines subsequently built including a branch to serve the Cwm Coking Works, and this was the last section of the line to close (in 1987). Other branches lead across Llantrisant Common and the Treferig Branch (Common Junction).
The line between Llantrisant, modern day Pontyclun station, and Cwm is technically mothballed, though no trains have run since 1987. Track and a level crossing exists on the A473 Talbot Green bypass though no physical connection remains to the South Wales Main Line at the modern Pontyclun station. This section of line is considered for reopening for passenger traffic to Beddau. Realignment of the track here was made when the A473 Talbot Green by-pass was constructed, the level crossing was formerly on the Cowbridge Road.
Along the line were a number of tramways serving minor coal mines - these could be found particularly at Church Village to the south of the station and at Llantwit Fardre.
Common Junction.
Common Junction was a triangular junction from which led to the Treferig Branch, Castellau siding and the line across Llantrisant Common to Ynysmaerdy. Shortly after Common Junction was Waterhall Junction to the Llantrisant No.1 Railway.
Cwm Colliery and Coking Works.
Two spurs to the colliery sidings existed, one from nearby Beddau Halt and another from Llantwit Fardre. The latter had sidings in Llantwit which after being removed become waste land used for storing vehicles and recently a housing estate.
In 1952 a new junction and line was built to Cwm replacing the older, then closed junction.
The line from here to Pontyclun (formerly Llantrisant) on the South Wales Main Line via Mwyndy Junction was in use until 1987 though regular freight stopped in 1984.
Treferig Branch.
Diverging at Common Junction this was a short freight line built to Glyn Colliery near Tonyefail. Approximately 1 mile from Common junction was the Castellau siding built to serve some minor mining concerns and later a sawmill near Beddau.
Brofiscin Branch.
Diverging at Maesaraul Junction along with the Ynysmaerdy branch, this was a short freight line to a quarry in Groes-faen.
Llantrisant No.1 Railway (Waterhall Branch Line).
This was primarily a goods line (opened 1886) that left the LTV near Cross-inn and ran in a south-east direction to the main Taff Vale Railway line at Cardiff (via Rhiwsaeson village, Creigiau and Pentrebane). It carried traffic from both the Creigiau quarry and the Tor Y Coed Colliery. The line was taken out of use in 1980. 
Passing close to Creigiau railway station there was a junction here with the Barry line for a short period during the 19th century.
Services and Timetables.
The 1931 timetables show 11 passenger services in each direction between Pontypridd and Llantrisant operated by auto coach. Extensive freight also ran over the length of this line. Typical journey times from Pontypridd to Llantrisant were around 30 to 35 minutes.
The 1949 GWR timetable shows 8 departures from Pontypridd to Llantrisant (more services ran via Tonteg to Barry), for example, the 7:22 departure from Pontypridd and 8:20 departure from Llantrisant ran to the following timings:
Over the Waterhall branch between Common Junction and Waterhall Junction typically 4 or 5 freight services in each direction each day with various destinations - at least two of these started/ended at Cwm Colliery.
Relationship with the Barry Railway.
The line from Trehafod via Treforest High-level, Tonteg Junction, Creigiau, Wenvoe and Cadoxton to Barry was called the Barry Railway; the details of this line are explained in a separate entry. The Llantrisant and Taff Vale Junction Railway "joined" with the Barry Railway in 1930 when Tonteg Halt was moved to create an interchange station at Tonteg Junction. 
The other point where the lines met was at Creigiau station, although while running close, the Waterhall branch was not physically connected to the Barry line at this point except for a short period in the 19th century when a junction existed before Creigau station allowing trains to run from the Waterhall branch into Creigau station.
The 1912-1915 map of the area shows clearly the separation of the Barry and Llantrisant lines and the location on the former Tonteg Halt station before the amalgamation of the railway companies and the reconstruction of Tonteg Halt at Tonteg Junction.

</doc>
<doc id="19745990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19745990" title="Reunion (Gary Burton album)">
Reunion (Gary Burton album)

Reunion is a 1989 album by Gary Burton, reuniting him with guitarist Pat Metheny for their first recordings in almost 13 years. Both have been called prodigies; Burton when he joined George Shearing's group in 1963 at age 19. Burton met Metheny at the Wichita Jazz Festival in 1973, when Metheny was 18 years old. After welcoming him as a teaching colleague at the Berklee College of music, he hired the guitarist into the newly expanded Gary Burton Quintet in 1974. 
Metheny left Burton's group in 1977 to form his own quartet with Lyle Mays. The two had virtually no contact with each other until, in early 1988, the organizers of the Montreal Jazz Festival contacted Burton. They told him that Metheny was the festival host, and invited Burton to join him onstage. "My apprehension was immediately erased when I saw how easy it was for us to play together, even after 12 years," said Burton. This led to their collaboration on "Reunion."
Track listing.
On the vinyl LP:
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19746001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746001" title="New Birth (disambiguation)">
New Birth (disambiguation)

New Birth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19746012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746012" title="Franco Giorgetti">
Franco Giorgetti

Franco Giorgetti (13 October 1902 – 18 March 1983) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
Giorgetti was born in Bovisio-Masciago. He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp (with Arnaldo Carli, Ruggero Ferrario and Primo Magnani). He died in Varese, aged 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19746024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746024" title="Walang Iwanan">
Walang Iwanan

Walang Iwanan is a documentary that original aired on 12 October 2008 on ABS-CBN. It features the biggest names in Philippine business presented by Charo Santos-Concio, president of ABS-CBN and hosted by the network's top anchors and hosts Korina Sanchez, Karen Davila, Ces Drilon, Henry Omaga-Diaz, Julius Babao, Bernadette Sembrano, Pinky Webb, Alex Santos, Kim Atienza and PROBE's Cheche Lazaro.

</doc>
<doc id="19746044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746044" title="Primo Magnani">
Primo Magnani

Primo Magnani (31 March 1892 – 17 June 1967) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp (with Arnaldo Carli, Ruggero Ferrario and Franco Giorgetti). Magnani also participated in the 50 kilometres competition but his exact result is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19746050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746050" title="Kevin Collins (baseball)">
Kevin Collins (baseball)

Kevin Michael Collins (born August 4, 1946 in Springfield, Massachusetts), is a former Major League Baseball infielder with the New York Mets, Montreal Expos and Detroit Tigers. He played primarily as a third baseman and sometimes as a second baseman. He also played a few games at other positions, including shortstop, first baseman and outfielder.
Collins was signed by the Mets as an amateur free agent on January 1, 1964 after a high school career at Springfield Tech High School. He began his professional career in 1964 with the Florida Mets, the Mets Rookie League minor league baseball team. He played in 44 games that season, getting 118 at bats and posting a batting average of .220.
In 1965, Collins made his major league debut with the Mets on September 1. He played in 11 games for the Mets in 1965, splitting time between third base and shortstop, getting 23 at-bats and a batting average of .174. At 18 years old, he was the 4th youngest player to appear in the major leagues that season.
In 1966, Collins played the entire season in the minor leagues at the Mets class-AA affiliate, the Williamsport Mets. Collins appeared in 122 games for Williamsport, almost entirely as a shortstop, and batted .251 with 6 home runs in 411 at-bats.
Collins was promoted to the Jacksonville Suns, the Mets class-AAA affiliate in 1967. There, he played several infield positions, sharing time at second base with Ken Boswell, at shortstop with Sandy Alomar and at third base with Amos Otis. In all, Collins played 119 games for Jacksonville in 1967, getting 420 at-bats and 3 home runs, with a batting average of .248, a slugging percentage of .321 and an on-base percentage of .289. Collins also played in 4 games with the Mets in September 1967, getting one hit in ten at-bats.
In 1968, Collins again started the year with Jacksonville. He played 28 games at Tidewater, batting .248 in 101 at-bats before being promoted to the Mets. With the Mets in 1968, Collins played in 58 games, mostly as a third baseman. He batted .201 in 154 at-bats. He also hit his first Major League home run that season, on August 6.
Collins began the 1969 season with the Mets. He played 16 games for the Mets, all at third base, getting 40 at-bats but only batting .150. His last game with the Mets before being demoted to the Mets new class-AAA affiliate in Tidewater was on May 4. Collins played in 11 games for Tidewater, batting .250 in 32 at-bats before being traded to the Montreal Expos.
On June 15, 1969, Collins was traded to the Montreal Expos aliong with Steve Renko, Bill Carden and Dave Colon in exchange for Donn Clendenon. This was a momentous trade in Met history, since Clendenon would go on to be the World Series Most Valuable Player in 1969. Collins appeared in 52 games for the Expos in 1969, split between second base and third base. He batted .240 in 96 at-bats.
After the 1969 season, Collins was sold by the Expos to the Detroit Tigers. With the Tigers in 1970, Collins played only 25 games, mostly as a pinch hitter. He played in only one game in the field, his only career game at first base. He batted .208 in 24 at-bats for the Tigers that season.
Collins only played in 35 games with the Tigers in 1971, and again only a few in the field. In 1971 he played some games at third base, second base and in the outfield. He batted .268 in 41 at-bats, the highest batting average in his major league career.
After the 1971 season, Collins was traded by the Tigers along with Tom Timmermann to the Cleveland Indians in exchange for Ed Farmer. Collins never played a game for the Indians, and in fact, never played a major league game after the trade.

</doc>
<doc id="19746058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746058" title="Confusion Unlimited">
Confusion Unlimited

Confusion Unlimited is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki, released in 2003. The album was released independently with distribution by Outside Music.
Guest musicians on the album include Jim Bryson, Ryan Bishops, Dan Levecque and Fred Guignion.
The song "Strangest Dream" was featured in the film, Wilby Wonderful from 2004, and the song "All Things Passed" was featured in Episode 103 of the television series MVP (TV series) from 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19746061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746061" title="Moster fra Mols">
Moster fra Mols

Moster fra Mols is a 1943 Danish family film directed by Poul Bang and starring Rasmus Christiansen.
Plot.
A wealthy businessman and his wife deal with gardening troubles and more importantly, their daughter's depression after she has had several romantic problems. 

</doc>
<doc id="19746093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746093" title="Thiruneelakantar (1939 film)">
Thiruneelakantar (1939 film)

Thiruneelakantar is a 1939 Tamil-language film directed by Raja Sandow and starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar. The film was a big hit and was known for M.K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar's acting apart from his songs. Famous nadaswaram artist T. N. Rajarathinam Pillai makes a guest appearanace in the movie.
Plot.
The film was based on the life history of Thiruneelakanta Nayanar, one of the 63 Nayanmars.

</doc>
<doc id="19746104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746104" title="Malcolm Godden">
Malcolm Godden

Malcolm Reginald Godden, FBA (born 9 October 1945) is a British academic who held the chair of the Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon at the University of Oxford from 1991 until 2013.
From 1963 to 1966 he studied for a B.A. in English; he then continued with several postgraduate studies until 1969. In 1970 he obtained a Ph.D. from Cambridge University for a dissertation which was an edition of Ælfric's Second Series of "Catholic Homilies" under the supervision of Professor P. A. M. Clemoes.
His academic appointments include:
His interests include: Alfredian prose, Wulfstan of York, Ælfric of Eynsham and medieval theatre. He is currently an editor of the academic journal "Anglo-Saxon England".
He was elected Fellow of the British Academy (FBA) in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19746122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746122" title="Jackson County Courthouse (Independence, Missouri)">
Jackson County Courthouse (Independence, Missouri)

The Jackson County Courthouse (also known as the Truman Courthouse) in Independence, Missouri is located on Independence Square at Main & Maple Street in Independence. 
In 1922, Harry S. Truman won election as county judge for eastern Jackson County as a candidate of the Tom Pendergast faction of the Democratic Party. He failed to be re-elected in 1924, but, then won election as presiding judge in 1926. Truman served in this position in effect as county commissioner for eight years. He divided his time between the two Jackson County courthouses: the one in Independence and the Jackson County Courthouse in Kansas City. (Truman later had an office in the Kansas City courthouse during most of his first term as U.S. Senator from 1935 to 1939.)
No county offices are currently in the building. County offices have moved a few blocks away to the Independence Courthouse Annex, located at 308 W. Kansas. The Jackson County Historical Society office and archives are housed in the building. It is currently undergoing a massive renovation to restore President Truman's office and courtroom, and to fix major structural issues.

</doc>
<doc id="19746131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746131" title="Palestinian Center for Rapprochement between Peoples">
Palestinian Center for Rapprochement between Peoples

Palestinian Center for Rapprochement between Peoples (PCR) is a non-profit and non-religious organization. The PCR is based in Beit Sahour under the aegis of the International Solidarity Movement. George Rishmawi is director of PCR. The group was established in 1988, then formally registered under the auspices of the Mennonite Central Committee in Jerusalem in 1991 and officially registered in the Palestinian Ministry of Interior in 2004. The PCR works to promote grassroots dialogue and joint work between Palestinians and people from different nationalities. Its main objective is to encourage peaceful solutions to further Palestinian nationalism through disabling existing stereotypes and prejudice. In addition, PCR works in the field of human rights and information dissemination (International Middle East Media Centre, IMEMC).
Ghassan Andoni is co-founder of PCR, the current director is George N. Rishmawi.

</doc>
<doc id="19746134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746134" title="Sir Thomas Thompson, 1st Baronet">
Sir Thomas Thompson, 1st Baronet

Sir Thomas Boulden Thompson, 1st Baronet GCB (28 February 1766 – 3 March 1828) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary, French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Vice-Admiral. He was one of Horatio Nelson's Band of Brothers at the Battle of the Nile in 1798.
Family and early life.
Thompson was born in Barham, Kent on 28 February 1766. His uncle, through his mother, was Commodore Edward Thompson, and it was through this relative's influence that Thomas joined the navy in June 1778, when Edward was appointed to command the sloop . He served on the "Hyaena" with his uncle, spending most of the time in the waters off the British Isles, before accompanying Rodney's fleet to the Relief of Gibraltar in January 1780. The "Hyaena" was later entrusted with carrying copies of Rodney's despatches. 
Thompson later moved to the West Indies, being promoted to lieutenant on 14 January 1782. He was given command of a small schooner, with which he captured a larger French privateer. After the end of the American Revolutionary War, Thompson was moved onto his uncle's flagship, the 50-gun . He served off the coast of Africa until his uncle's death in 1786, after which he was given command of the sloop . He remained in command for the next twelve months, before returning to Britain where she was paid off. He was promoted to post-captain on 22 November 1790.
Command.
Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
He spent a number of years on land without command of a ship until the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars provided employment. By late 1796 he had secured command of the fourth rate . He then joined the Mediterranean Fleet under John Jervis, and was assigned to the squadron under Horatio Nelson. Thompson took part in Nelson's attack on Santa Cruz in July 1797. Thompson was among those leading the landing parties, under the overall direction of Nelson and Thomas Troubridge. The initial attempts to force a landing were hampered by the wind, and when the parties made a successful landing in the evening of 22 July, they came under heavy fire from the Spanish defenders. Thompson's party were able to advance and spike several of the enemy's cannon, but the British forces had become dispersed throughout the town, and were forced to negotiate a truce to allow them to withdraw. Thompson himself was wounded in the battle.
Battle of the Nile.
Thompson was later given command of a squadron, and carried out cruises in the Mediterranean, intercepting French and Spanish ships. He returned to Gibraltar, but was ordered to sea again in June 1798 to reinforce Nelson's squadron in their hunt for the French fleet that had earlier escaped from Toulon. He was with Nelson when they located the French fleet, under the command of Vice-Admiral Brueys, moored in Aboukir Bay. In the ensuing engagement Thompson came to the assistance of , which had run aground on shoals in the entrance to the bay. Finding that there was nothing he could do, Thompson took "Leander" into the battle, despite his ship being considerably smaller than the French ships of the line. He anchored between the "Franklin" and Brueys' flagship the "Orient", firing on them in company with and until the "Franklin" surrendered. Thompson then took the "Leander" to assist the British attack on the French rear.
Fight with the "Généreux".
After the battle Thompson was joined aboard the "Leander" by Captain Edward Berry, and sent with Nelson's despatches to Gibraltar. Whilst sailing there, they were spotted on 18 August by the "Généreux", which had escaped the Battle of the Nile. The French pursued the "Leander". Being a 60 gun ship to the "Généreux"′s 78, and still having battle damage and men wounded from the Nile, Thompson attempted to escape, but was eventually forced to come to battle. The two eventually clashed in a long running engagement, which eventually resulted in "Leander" being disabled and unmanageable. After conferring with Berry, Thompson agreed to surrender. The "Généreux" had suffered 100 killed and 188 wounded, to the "Leander"′s 35 killed and 57 wounded. Arriving on board the French ship, Berry and Thompson were almost immediately stripped of their possessions. The French went on to plunder their prize, even going so far as to steal the surgeon's equipment as he tried to attend to the wounded. When Thompson protested, and reminded the French captain of how French prisoners were treated under Nelson, he received the reply 'I am sorry for it; but the fact is, that the French are expert at plunder.' 
Thompson was later repatriated and brought to court-martial aboard at Sheerness. He was honourably acquitted for the loss of his ship, the court deciding that his gallant and almost unprecedented defence of the Leander, against so superior a force as that of le Généreux, was deserving of every praise his country and the assembled court could give; and that his conduct, with that of the officers and men under his command, reflected not only the highest honour on himself and them, but on their country at large. Berry was also commended, and whilst being rowed back to shore after his acquittal, Thompson was given three cheers by the crews of the ships moored at Sheerness. He was subsequently knighted and awarded a pension of £200 per annum.
Copenhagen.
Thompson was appointed to command in spring 1799, joining the fleet under Lord Bridport, off Brest. He then went to the Mediterranean, sailing with the flying squadron. He was involved in the capture of three frigates and two brigs. He returned to England in autumn, and participated in the blockade of Brest, until being assigned to Sir Hyde Parker's Baltic expedition in early 1801. He was present at the Battle of Copenhagen, but ran aground on shoals whilst trying to enter the bay. He continued to fire on the enemy's shore batteries, but being a stationary target was heavily damaged, having 11 killed and 63 wounded. Thompson was amongst the wounded, losing a leg. He shared in the thanks of Parliament after the battle and had his pension increased to £500. He was then appointed to command the yacht .
Later life.
Thompson was appointed Comptroller of the Navy in November 1806, an office he held until November 1816. He was created a baronet on 11 December 1806. On relinquishing the post of Comptroller he became Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, succeeding the late Sir John Colpoys, and also became Director of the Chest. He became Member of Parliament for Rochester in 1807, relinquishing the position in June 1818. He became a Rear-Admiral on 25 October 1809 and a Vice-Admiral on 4 June 1814. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the reorganisation of that order on 2 January 1815, and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath on 14 September 1822, and was formally invested on 21 April 1823. On his death three years later he was buried at the Greenwich Hospital, where his tomb monument is still visible.
Family and personal life.
Thomas married Anne Raikes on 25 February 1799. They had a total of five children, three boys and two girls. The two girls were named Anne and Mary. Their first son, Thomas Boulden, died young. Their second, Thomas Raikes-Trigge inherited the baronetcy. He followed his father and had a career in the navy. Their third son, Thomas John, died in 1807. Sir Thomas died at the family seat of Hartsbourne, Manor-Place, Hertfordshire on 3 March 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="19746136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746136" title="Colonels Mountain (New Brunswick)">
Colonels Mountain (New Brunswick)

Colonels Mountain is a mountain in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It lies adjacent to Big Bald Mountain, at the headwaters of the Northwest Miramichi River and the Sevogle River. 
The mountain top has been weathered to generate a series of mushroom-shaped granitic tors. Because the weathering process which forms tors is normally very slow, these features have been interpreted as indicating that part of northern New Brunswick escaped the last, Wisconsinan glaciation. It has been suggested, however, that the mountain lay near the centre of cold-based ice; these erosional remnants thus escaped the scouring action of the glaciers.

</doc>
<doc id="19746153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746153" title="Stroud, Hampshire">
Stroud, Hampshire

Stroud is a village and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is west of Petersfield, on the A272 road.
The nearest railway station is Petersfield, east of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19746162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746162" title="Confesión a Laura">
Confesión a Laura

Plot.
Newsreel footage shows Colombian Presidential candidate, Jorge Eliécer Gaitán speaking to a large crowd. Following his assassination on April 9, 1948 a riot erupts. It is an uncontrollable manifestation of emotion, which grows bigger through the setting of fire to vehicles and buildings, which fall apart among clouds of ashes. The crowds full of anger, spread all over the streets of Bogotá, destroying everything they find in their way.
Among the chaos engulfing the city, Santiago Franco, a middle-aged government employee arrives to his apartment in downtown Bogotá. His wife Josefina is undisturbed by the revolt that has taken over the city. She has baked a birthday cake for her neighbor Laura, a spinster schoolteacher living in an apartment directly across from them. The overbearing Josefina is irritated by her husband insistence in the seriousness of the situation. Santiago listens intently to the radio, eager for news. The situation is getting worse. While people are being killed in the streets, Josefina tells her husband that he should go see if he can be of some help to the government. She adds: "I'd do it if I were you." She then tells Santiago to go across the street and up to Laura's apartment to deliver the birthday cake. It is Laura's birthday. Santiago objects, trying to show her the danger by having her look out the window at the street, where shots can be heard. When Josefina prepares to take the cake herself, Santiago is compelled into delivering the cake.
Barely managing to cross the street, when Santiago knocks on the door of Laura's apartment a loud explosion occurs and he is knocked to the floor. The cake is almost completely destroyed. Laura helps him to his feet. Soon after Josefina calls and talks to Santiago. She tells him to come back immediately after hearing that the riots are reaching their neighborhood. Santiago prepares to return home, but Laura reminds him of the danger. However, he chooses to believe his wife's insistence that the situation is not dangerous. Laura asks him a good question: "How does she know?" However, Santiago insists on obeying his wife. He tells Laura to come with him to his apartment. With some reluctance because of Josefina's attitude, she agrees. Just as they start to leave the apartment, many gunshots are heard. They look out the window to see people running frantically and they also see a dead man in the street. Sniper fire from the rooftops is adding to the dangers and they decide to stay.
Santiago tries to soothe Laura, who is very worried about what will happen to them. He has her sit down and he prepares some lemon balm tea for her. To kill time Santiago and Laura play cards and listen to some tango songs. Santiago is a good singer and he intones the songs of Carlos Gardel. The couple begins to have a good time.
Away from the controlling ways of Josefina, Santiago and Laura, begin to talk. Laura is very different from Josefina. She is supportive rather than critical of Santiago. She wants to hear his opinions, as opposed to Josefina's wanting to dominate. They begin a relationship that seems to bring out the best in each other. What follows is an openness of their intimate feelings. Neither is she the respectable spinster that she would like to be nor is he the man he wish he would have been. Both have lived lives of pretensions.
When night arrives, they make love. A deep connection has occurred between them. Through the back of the building where she lives, Laura helps Santiago to escape to the streets into a new life. The next day things have calmed down in the city. Believing that her husband has been killed trying to cross the street back home, Josefina comes to Laura’s apartment crying. Laura hugs her.
Reception.
Critically praised, "Confesión a Laura" was nevertheless overlooked when first released in Colombia.
DVD release.
"Confesión a Laura" is available in Region 4 DVD, it also plays in region 1. Audio in Spanish, with English subtitles.

</doc>
<doc id="19746168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746168" title="Heinrich Lützenkirchen">
Heinrich Lützenkirchen

Heinrich Lützenkirchen (November 29, 1909 – March 11, 1986) was a German politician (Christian Democratic Union of Germany) and mayor of Leverkusen from 1961 to 1964 and in 1979.
Life.
Lützenkirchen was born in 1909 in a part of Leverkusen today called Bürrig. He became a member of the commission for school and habitation in 1947 where he supported the opinion of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. In 1956 he became also a member of the city council of Leverkusen until 1974, when he became advocate of the district government of Bürrig.
He also was the subsidiary workers' council of Agfa Gaevert AG in Leverkusen for years. He died in Leverkusen in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19746180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746180" title="The Sun Will Find Us">
The Sun Will Find Us

The Sun Will Find Us is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki, released in 2004. The album was released independently with distribution by Outside Music.
Guest musicians on the album include Nathan Lawr, Dale Murray, Ruth Minnikin and Ryan Bishops.
The song "To Get Across" was featured in the film Weirdsville from 2007, and also in Episode 6 of the television series Hard Rock Medical from 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19746188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746188" title="Srilekha Parthasarathy">
Srilekha Parthasarathy

Srilekha Parthasarathy (Tamil: ஸ்ரீலேகா பார்த்தசாரதி Telugu: శ్రిలేకా పార్థసారథి Malayalam: ശ്രീലേഖ പാര്‍ഥസാരഥി) is a Tamil singer who is commonly referred to by her first name Srilekha. She has a versatile voice, and has experienced an impressive success in other genres of music as well, including ghazals. 
Srilekha began her professional career in 2000, when she sang the scintilating Jingle for the “Idhayam Oil” advertisement, which was picturised on “Jothika”. She describes the jingle as her ticket into the Tamil music industry.
Biography.
Srilekha was born and brought up in Delhi. She completed her schooling from DTEA senior Secondary School, New Delhi. Being South Indian by birth, she learnt both North Indian and South Indian languages and music, as well as Western music. At the age of four, she won the first prize in the annual All India Children’s Music Competition in New Delhi.
Overview of her career.
Her debut was with music director Harris Jayaraj, for the song called "Yedho Ondru" from the movie "Laysa Laysa". This movie also introduced Trisha, one of the leading Tamil actresses.
Her popularity increased with many other hits, such as "Poo Mugam Siricha" for the movie "Junction", "Kaadhalaagi" with S.P. Balasubramaniam in "Pop Carn", "Don’t worry be Happy" for the movie "Whistle", and "Sutthi Sutthi Varuven" for the movie "Sena". She feels the duet with S.P. Balasubrahmanyam, ‘Kadhalagi kanindhadhu...’, for the movie "Pop Corn" has been her most challenging song.
Her career took a leap with the blockbuster hit "Kalyaanam dhaan" from the movie "Saamy". This song topped the music charts. This was followed by "Vinodhane" from "Thennavan", "Vaa Masakatre" from "Kurumbu" and "Ayurvedha Azhagi" from Thiruda Thirudi.
Her recent hits include "Dhimsu Kattai", "Chinna Veeda", "Kokku Meena Thinguma" and "Pacchakili Pacchakili". Other songs of Srilekha include "Mummy Chellama", "Bambara Kannu", "Vecchukka Vecchukka Va", "Garuda Garuda", and "Thavilu Thavilu".
She is acting in STAR Vijay's drama serial "Dharmayutham". She is married to singer M J Shriram.
List of her Tamil movie songs.
This is a list of songs she has sung in Tamil movies:
Live shows.
She has done more than 200 live shows in India and other countries, including Singapore, USA, Canada, Kuwait and Colombo.
She actively participates in live shows for corporate companies, such as Hyundai, Aircel, Touchtel, Airtel, Samsung, Bpl Mobiles, TVS group and Cognizant Technology Solutions,Ajuba solutions.
She is one of the judges in Star Vijay TV's "Super Singer" series.
Fan club.
She also has a fan club "No One Noticed Srilekha" in Portland, Oregon, USA, the first for a Tamil singer in Oregon. She has a huge fan base all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19746196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746196" title="En pige uden lige">
En pige uden lige

En pige uden lige (English: "A girl without equal") is a 1943 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Ellen Gottschalch.

</doc>
<doc id="19746241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746241" title="Upper Wield">
Upper Wield

Upper Wield is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is west of Alton.
The nearest railway station is the restored Medstead & Four Marks station on the Watercress Line, trains from which connect with the nearest national rail station to the east, at Alton.

</doc>
<doc id="19746243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746243" title="Kumari">
Kumari

Kumari may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19746250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746250" title="Television in Switzerland">
Television in Switzerland

Television in Switzerland was introduced in 1950. People who live in Switzerland and receive television services are required by law to pay a television licence fee, which is used to finance the public radio and television service SRG SSR. Licence fee-payers in all the linguistic regions of Switzerland all pay the same amount (462 CHF for 2008, counting both radio and television licences) and, in return, are entitled under the law to services of equal quality.
History.
The history of television in Switzerland began in 1939 when the first test transmissions commenced. Regular transmissions started in 1953, at first only one hour a day for five days a week, and only in German: transmissions in French started in 1954 and in Italian only in 1958.
Romansh-speaking Swiss had to wait until 1963 for the first programme in their language, a full decade after regular television transmission were initiated. To this day, there is no dedicated Romansh-language channel; instead the German and Italian channels air a few hours of Romansh programming per day. The 1960s also saw the arrival of television advertising, in 1964, and of colour television, in 1968.
Télévision suisse romande broadcast their first evening programme in colour in 1968. 1968 was also the first year where more than one million Swiss households had a television.
In 1984, the Swiss teletext service, SwissTXT, was started. In 1993 a fourth SRG SSR channel was created, first named "S Plus" but later renamed Schweiz 4 (Switzerland 4). However, this was short-lived: during its existence the channel constantly suffered low ratings and was hence shut down in 1997. In the same year, as a result, all the SRG SSR subsidiaries started a second channel, and SRF zwei, RTS Deux and RSI La 2 came into existence.
Analogue television was phased out starting July 2006, when TSI (now RSI) began the analogue switchoff. The process continued until January 2008, when the end of analogue broadcasting in Valais and Chablais completed the digital television transition in Switzerland.
List of channels.
The following is a list of television channels broadcast in Switzerland:
German-speaking Switzerland.
The programming is in German, and is broadcast primarily in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 
It is available off the ASTRA satellite to
all of Europe and North Africa and West Asia.
Romansh-speaking Switzerland.
There is not a television channel broadcasting exclusively in Romansh language; instead, Radio Television Rumantscha's productions are transmitted on SRF 1, RSI La 2 and SRF info a few minutes a day. Programming includes Telesguard (a newscast), Cuntrasts and l'Istorgia da buna notg (bedtime story).
Regional channels.
Local radio and television networks in Switzerland are entitled to 4% of the licence fee every year (about 50,000,000 CHF for 2007). The number of subsidised television broadcasters is limited to 13, one for each designated coverage area. Also, the support share cannot exceed 50% of the operating costs of each network.
Cable television.
A vast majority of the country is covered by cable networks; the major cable television operators are upc cablecom and Naxoo.
In 2007 the UFCOM applied a must-carry regulation, requiring the local cable companies to transmit all the SRG SSR network stations and the following foreign channels: arte, 3sat, Euronews, TV5MONDE, ARD, ORF eins, France 2, Rai Uno.
International channels.
A number of international channels widely available in Switzerland through digital television services such as upc cablecom include:

</doc>
<doc id="19746266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746266" title="Malaya Berestovitsa">
Malaya Berestovitsa

Malaya Berestovitsa (, , ) is a village in Belarus, Hrodna voblast, Berestovitsa Raion. It's located near the city of Grodno. From 1920 till 1939 it belonged to Second Republic of Poland and was part of the Białystok Voivodeship (1919-1939). A massacre of Polish inhabitants occurred there in 1939.
Village has a Russian Orthodox Church of Saint Dimitri Solunski (built in 1868) and a museum An eighteenth-century estate located in Malaya Berestovitsa is district’s architectural monument.

</doc>
<doc id="19746288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746288" title="Amaia Montero (album)">
Amaia Montero (album)

"Amaia Montero" is the debut solo album by Spanish singer Amaia Montero, after an eleven-year music career as the frontwoman for La Oreja de Van Gogh. It was released in Spain on 18 November 2008 by Sony BMG. "Quiero Ser" (English: I want to be) was the first single released from the album. According to "Promusicae" "Amaia Montero" was the Ninth biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain, for surpassing sales of 81,000 in less than 2 months (six weeks). The album was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Album at the 2009 Latin Grammy Awards.
Production.
Having no plans of working with professional writers, Montero wrote and recorded her first solo album in the Italian cities of Genoa and Milan, and mixed the songs at Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles CA.
Among the songs there is one dedicated to her father, her mother and another also devoted one of the songs to her former colleagues in La Oreja de Van Gogh, for the 11 years they worked together. Their last work together was Guapa, the best-selling album of 2006 in Spain and much of Latin America, with 11-platinum and three gold around the world. 
Charts and certifications.
Certifications.
!scope="row"|Venezuela (APFV)

</doc>
<doc id="19746292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746292" title="Tennis South Invitational">
Tennis South Invitational

The Tennis South Invitational was a men's tennis tournament played in Jackson, Mississippi. The event was played as part of the ATP Tour from 1973-1977. It was played on indoor carpet courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19746313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746313" title="2004 Scottish Challenge Cup Final">
2004 Scottish Challenge Cup Final

The 2004 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, also known as the Bell's Cup Final for sponsorship reasons, was an association football match between Falkirk and Ross County on 7 November 2004 at McDiarmid Park in Perth. It was the 14th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League.
Falkirk emerged winners after defeating Ross County 2–1 with goals from Neil Scally and Darryl Duffy to win the tournament for a third time after winning the 1993 and 1997 finals.
Route to the final.
Falkirk.
The first round draw paired The Bairns with Ayr United at Somerset Park with the home team emerging 3–0 victors. The second round was a home game against neighbours Stirling Albion for Falkirk at Ochilview Park producing a high scoring 5–3 win to progress to the quarter-finals. The opponents drawn were Gretna at home in the quarter-finals and Falkirk won with their second 3–0 victory of the tournament. The reward for reaching the semi-final was an away game at St. Johnstone with Falkirk edging out the opponents to win 2–1 to book a place in the final. Falkirk reached the Scottish Challenge Cup final for the third time, since winning the 1993 final against St. Mirren and defeating Queen of the South in the 1997 final.
Ross County.
Ross County were drawn against St. Mirren at home in the first round and County produced a 2–1 victory over the club. The second round draw saw The Staggies drawn against Peterhead away from home with Ross County emerging 2–1 winners for the second consecutive game. The quarter-final draw brought with Partick Thistle all the way to Victoria Park which saw Ross County edging out a 5–3 win on penalties after a 1–1 draw after extra time to progress to the semi-finals. The opposition provided in the semi-final draw was Forfar Athletic and another home game which saw the Dingwall outfit triumph with a 5–2 victory to proceed to the Scottish Challenge Cup final for the first time in the club's history.
Pre-match.
Analysis.
Falkirk had played two games at their shared home of Ochilview Park and two away in the games preceding the final with Ross County playing a total of three games at Victoria Park and one away from home. In the process Falkirk amassed a total of thirteen goals scored and a mere four goals conceded whilst keeping two clean sheets. Ross County scored ten goals before the final and conceded a total of five, managing to keep no clean sheets. Falkirk progressed winners through all four games in 90 minutes of play, whereas it took penalties before Ross County emerged as winners over Partick Thistle in the quarter-final. This was Falkirk's third time competing in the Scottish Challenge Cup final, whilst holding a 100% record after winning both the 1993 and 1997 finals. Ross County were appearing in the final for the first time in the club's history.

</doc>
<doc id="19746323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746323" title="Magnus Aarbakke">
Magnus Aarbakke

Magnus Aarbakke (born 14 October 1934 in Tysnes, Hordaland) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Tysnes. He took the Dr.juris degree in 1967 on the thesis "Virksomhetsbegrepet i norsk skatterett", and was a professor at the University of Oslo from 1968 to 1990. He specialized in commercial law, and was among the editors of the journal "Tidsskrift for rettsvitenskap" between 1974 and 2001. After leaving the professorship he worked as a lawyer for some years, and then served as a Supreme Court Justice from 1994 to 2002. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="19746333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746333" title="Miss Dominican Republic 1966">
Miss Dominican Republic 1966

Señorita República Dominicana Mundo 1966 was held on September 30, 1966. There were 26 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss World 1966. On the top 10 they showed their evening gown and answered questions so they could go to the top 5. In the top 5 they would answer more questions.

</doc>
<doc id="19746337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746337" title="Hitachi Starboard">
Hitachi Starboard

The Hitachi Starboard is a line of interactive whiteboard products, interactive LCD panels, and tablet devices aimed at teachers and presenters made by Hitachi. All Starboards come bundled with the Starboard Software which is advertised as being intuitive and completely customizable.
In 2001, it was announced that Avent Applied Computing would distribute the Hitachi Starboard interactive whiteboard.
The whiteboards are bundled with EverNote software.
References.
The Official Website
Hitachi Europe Website

</doc>
<doc id="19746361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746361" title="Foyers">
Foyers

Foyers (from the Scottish Gaelic, Foithir, meaning a shelving slope) is a village in the Highland local government council area of Scotland, lying on the east shore of Loch Ness. The village is situated on the B852, part of the Military Road built by General George Wade, northeast of Fort Augustus.
Foyers is also the name of the river which runs nearby into the Loch, which has two waterfalls, one of and the other , known as the Falls of Foyers. 
Foyers is the location of Boleskine House, two miles east of the main town, which was the home of author and occultist Aleister Crowley. The house was once owned by guitarist and Crowley collector Jimmy Page.

</doc>
<doc id="19746394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746394" title="Area (nightclub)">
Area (nightclub)

Area was a themed nightclub at 157 Hudson Street in Manhattan, New York City which operated from 1983 to 1987.
Micheal Alig worked as a barback and busboy. The club was known for its unusual invitations. 
The club was founded by brothers Eric Goode and Christopher Goode, Shawn Hausman and Darius Azari. The brick building housing Area was originally built in 1866 to house the stables of the American Express Company. 
The club was open from Wednesday to Saturday, 11 pm till 4 am.
Area attracted many celebrities.Writing for Details was Stephen Saben and Michael Musto, writing for "The Village Voice" magazine, these tabloids chronicled the doings there, and looked back on the phenomenon in Musto's book, "Downtown".
There are several mentions of Area in Andy Warhol's diaries. Ben Buchanan was the official photographer for the club and was there most nights documenting the scene. These photos were in Details every month and often in the New York Post and Daily News.
Demise.
Of the "three hot clubs" in lower Manhattan in the 1980s—Area, Limelight, and Danceteria - Area " a natural death",
Limelight survived with a less artistic clientele, and Danceteria " way to expensive office space".
After gentrification of the neighborhood, the building was converted to multifamily residential use, with terraced penthouses atop the existing structure.

</doc>
<doc id="19746399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746399" title="Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja">
Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja

The Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja is a Spanish literary prize, awarded since 2001 by the publisher Plaza & Janés (subsidiary of Random House) to an original unpublished novel written in Spanish (Castilian). It was created in 2001 by "Ayuntamiento de Torrevieja" (City Government of Torrevieja) and the Spanish publisher Plaza & Janés, intended to bring local and international prestige to the seaside town from where it takes its name. 
Financially, it is among the top most valuable literary prizes in the world, with the winner receiving €360,607 (more than $500,000 dollars as of September 2011). From 2004-2009 there was a runner up who was awarded €125,000; since 2009 there has been no secondary prize. The prize is awarded each year, usually in September, on a date set by the award's jury. The jury is always composed of Plaza & Janés' chief editor, Nuria Tey; the Mayor of the City of Torrevieja and a panel of writers and critics that change every year. Initially, the prize was going to be awarded every two years, but in 2003 it was changed to every year for a new, unpublished novel.
As most literary awards in Spain, the "Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja" is open to all Spanish-speaking authors in the world. The majority of competing manuscripts come mainly from Spain and Latin America, specifically Argentina, Mexico, Chile and Colombia. The readership of the prize is that of bestselling thrillers, crime/detective, mystery and even political fiction, and much of the marketing and promotion is jointly channelled through Spain's main retail store chain, El Corte Inglés.
On October 2, 2009 the award was given for the first time to a novel written by two authors among more than 440 contesting novels from Spain, Latin America, Europe and the United States.
List of winners.
Winners listed first, followed by runners up (only for 2004-2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19746406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746406" title="Antonio Ferrante Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla">
Antonio Ferrante Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla

Antonio Ferrante Gonzaga (9 December 1687 – 16 April 1729) was Duke of Guastalla.
He was the son of Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Maria Vittoria Gonzaga.<br> His sister was Eleonora Luisa Gonzaga, sister in law to Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany.
He succeeded his father in 1714.
He was engaged to Maria Karolina Sobieska, grand daughter of John III Sobieski but Maria Karolina (known as Charlotte) refused.
He married first with Margherita Cesarini, and remarried on 23 February 1727 in Darmstadt with Landgravine Theodora of Hesse-Darmstadt (6 February 1706 – 23 January 1784), daughter of Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt, granddaughter of Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt.<br>
These marriages remained childless.
Antonio Ferrante was burned alive in an accident in Guastalla.<br>
After his death, the Duchy went to his younger brother Giuseppe Gonzaga.

</doc>
<doc id="19746417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746417" title="Helge Klæstad">
Helge Klæstad

Helge Klæstad (6 December 1885 - 23 May 1965) was a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Levanger. He took the dr.juris degree in 1921, and was a Supreme Court Justice from 1929 to 1946, except for the period between December 1940 and May 1945, during the German occupation of Norway. In 1946 he was appointed to serve at the International Court of Justice, which he presided from 1958 until retiring in 1961.
Klæstad was also active as a composer.

</doc>
<doc id="19746421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746421" title="The Dekalb Advertiser">
The Dekalb Advertiser

The Dekalb Advertiser is a weekly newspaper published in Fort Payne, Alabama and serving the DeKalb County, Alabama region. The publisher is Brandon K. Pierce of Pierce Publications, LLC.
The Dekalb Advertiser was founded and published by Jerry Whittle, a former editor of the Times-Journal, another local newspaper. The staff of The DeKalb Advertiser includes: Kelly Bunch, Brian Robertson, Matt Silvestro, Monia K. Smith, Jon Voils, and Kim Whittle.

</doc>
<doc id="19746424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746424" title="Walter Greaves (cyclist)">
Walter Greaves (cyclist)

Walter William Greaves (April–June 1907 – 1987) was a British cyclist who set the world record for distance ridden in a year - despite having only one arm and falling off numerous times. Greaves rode in 1936.
Personal life.
Greaves was born in 1907, his birth was registered in the North Bierley district, Yorkshire. He lived with his mother in Newlands Place, Undercliffe, Bradford. He lost an arm in a road accident when he was 14. One account says his father owned a car with running boards. His father was driving after drinking and Greaves opened the door, stood on the running board ready to jump, but was hit by a tram. His arm was so damaged that it was amputated below the elbow. Other accounts said that he had hung the arm out of a train window.
He developed an interest in communism which did little to help him find work as an engineer. According to the historian John Naylor, Greaves was unemployed and according to some, almost destitute. Unemployment in Bradford was high but "his reputation as a lefty troublemaker made employers reluctant to take him on". Tim Teale, a Leeds cyclist who knew Greaves said "Walter tried to make you sign up for the young communists but nobody took much notice".
Greaves was an outspoken teetotaller, a practice which had a sequel when he broke the record.
The 1936 World Endurance record.
Record background.
The world record for distance cycled in a year began in 1911, an era when bicycle companies competed to show their machines were the most reliable. The first holder was Marcel Planes of France, with . The competition was organised by the magazine "Cycling". The record has been established nine times. A tenth claim, by the English rider Ken Webb, was later disallowed.
Preparations.
The record that Greaves attempted had been set three years earlier by the Australian professional Ossie Nicholson. John Naylor said: 
Greaves appealed to the cycle trade for sponsorship but had little success. Three Spires Cycles of Coventry provided a bicycle and a small weekly sum in return for advertising rights. Cyclists around the country offered him accommodation but help from the cycle trade came only once his ride had started.
A report said Greaves was so short of money that he wore clothes "little more than worn-out rags" and lay awake worrying the ride would not continue for lack of funds.
The bicycle.
The Three Spires bicycle had a modified handlebar and twist-grip gear-change to fit Greaves and his single arm. A single lever operated both brakes. But it was not ready when the attempt was due to start on 1 January 1936 and arrived five days later. The record had to be started on 1 January and completed by 31 December. The delay increased the daily distance Greaves was obliged to ride.
Unlike Nicholson's machine, Greaves' bicycle was heavy, with thick tyres to cope with snow and pitted roads. He rode with mudguards, lamps and a saddlebag. His bike had a three-speed derailleur with ratios of 59, 71 and . He later increased the gears to 65, 73 and 78. John Naylor said:
How on earth he rode a heavy, loaded bike up all those hills on a gear and with only one arm is beyond me. And much of the riding was in the Pennines, up long steep gradients. According to his friend, Billy Woods, a special adaptation was made some time into the ride, a kind of cup for the arm-stump which fitted on to a handlebar extension. This allowed his left hand to put its weight on the bike and balance things out a bit. It must have been a tremendous relief, yet still wouldn't have helped him to pull on the bars when climbing.
Alan Magson, in a description of the bicycle, said: "It looks like a fairly standard road bike - not that different from today's machine outwardly at least. Not much in the way of brakes - but then he was trying to break a record and roads were considerably quieter then."
The 1936 record ride.
Records had to be attempted during a single calendar year, but Greaves started his ride five days late because of the delay in delivering his bicycle. He rode in one of the hardest winters for years, with snow and ice lying until the end of February. He covered in the first five days but fell off 19 times, including eight times in a day while riding through snow on high roads. A report in the Bradford "Telegraph and Argus", written by a reporter who followed him by car, records that Greaves fell twice in the first of the day as cars forced him off the road. In Leeds, he was blinded by a cloud of steam from a steam-powered vehicle, slipped on tram lines and fell off. He got up, cycled out of the city through lying snow and maintained his average . 
The "Telegraph and Argus" report was headlined "Persistence on a bicycle" and began "W.W. Greaves, the one-armed Bradford cyclist, is a hero."
Greaves averaged a day by the end of February. The snow and ice were replaced by gales, hail and rain but Greaves increased his daily rate to . It rained through the summer and then turned foggy all November.
The cycling importer and patron, Ron Kitching, said:
Walter used to ride over to Harrogate and I asked him how he was managing with all the ice and snow. Apparently he just kept riding round and round the streets until they were cleared in order to get the miles in. I remember he used to ride with a feeding bottle with milk in it, and eat apples. He was a true vegetarian. And tough!
Greaves collided with a car at Yarm in July and an abscess developed as a result. Greaves lost two weeks in hospital. He rode a day while recovering from the operation. From 20 September to 8 October he rode a day. He rode into Hyde Park, London on 13 December and rode laps of the Serpentine to match Nicholson's record. He was joined by thousands of other cyclists.
A reception was held in a hotel that evening. Greaves had been a vegetarian since he was 20 and was a fervent teetotaller. Journalists at the reception offered him champagne to celebrate, making comments such as "Go on... We won't tell!" Greaves said: 
Greaves rode from 8 October until the end of the year to push himself further ahead Nicholson. He nevertheless rode a day, finishing his year at midnight on New Year's Eve at the steps of the town hall in Bradford. The "Telegraph and Argus" reported "astonishing scenes reminiscent of those associated with the public appearances of famous film stars." The mayor gave him cheques and two trophies.
Greaves' greatest distance in a day was . His longest without sleep was . The shortest day, , finished early because he fell off and had to repair his bicycle.
End of the record.
Greaves record was set to fall even as he reached Bradford town hall. Next day another amateur rider, Bernard Bennett, set off to ride . The record fell twice more the same year, the second time to René Menzies - who matched the record at Alexandra Palace with Greaves beside him
"Cycling" reported:
Bernard Bennett was reported to say that he was attempting the record just for fun. He set the new record figure of and also setting a new world record of in 642 days. As all this competition was going on in the United Kingdom, a year's race had commenced between two widely separated contestants, Ossie Nicholson from Down Under who had already tasted success, and a newcomer, René Menzies, a 48-year-old Frenchman of Scottish descent. René rode in the UK and on the Continent, searching for the hotter weather... Many miles away, Nicholson had found better weather and financial support; at the end of his year he had collected an amazing thus time tasting more than glory as he had also pedalled his way clear of beating the record, this time in 532 days.
Tommy Godwin set the record at in 1939 with the support of a bicycle factory, a manager and pacers. He went on to ride in 499 days.
The Golden Book.
Walter Greaves' achievements were celebrated in 1937 when Cycling Weekly awarded him his own page in the Golden Book of Cycling.
Life after the record.
Greaves became a member of the British League of Racing Cyclists, an organisation which broke away from the National Cyclists Union during the Second World War to promote massed racing on the open road. He also founded the Airedale Olympic cycling club and in 1949 organised a race from Bradford to Morecambe and back, and his prominent 'route markers' became a renowned distraction to normal traffic. 
Greaves had a cycle shop in Bradford and built cycle frames in the late 1940s. He was a talented and innovative frame builder. All of his frames were sif-bronze welded, for lightness and strength. No lugs were used. The ‘La Victoire’ was of conventional design, while the ‘King of the Mountains’ was an unconventional short wheelbase type, built to his own design. It featured an almost upright seat tube with a specially formed seat pin which placed the saddle over the back wheel. There is a ‘King of the Mountains’ on display in Bradford Industrial Museum. The frame was built in 1948 and has nothing to do with his record ride, which was achieved on a Three Spires 'King of Clubs' bicycle.
Later, after a fire at his shop, he moved to Craven Forge beside the Leeds-Liverpool canal, halfway between Keighley and Skipton, it was then known as Winifred's Café.() According to the "Telegraph and Argus", Greaves "struggled to make a living in the café and took a job at Water House Pressings. The café was later converted into a forge, making and selling garden ornaments. He also took to writing and singing songs in clubs and pubs in the area.
Greaves kept a monkey as a pet in the flat above the café, where he lived with his wife. He seems to have had an interest in exotic animals: the minutes of Yorkshire section of the British League of Racing Cyclists show that members had to talk him out of his plan to have a dancing bear for the annual dinner.
Greaves contracted Parkinson's disease in 1979, and died in 1987, aged 80.
Peter Duncan, an official of the Vegetarian Cycling and Athletic Club to which both belonged, said:
I stopped my car in the lay-by near the café about three years ago waiting for a friend to catch me up. As I waited, a frail, ragged scarecrow emerged from one of the huts and tottered laboriously up the steps to the house. With a shock I noticed that the left sleeve of the ragged overcoat was empty and I realised that this walking skeleton was all that was left of the robust, fanatical Walter that I had known in the 40s or 50s.
Greaves had been a single-minded, determined man described as reluctant to give way in arguments. The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said: 

</doc>
<doc id="19746449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746449" title="Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera">
Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera

Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera is an English musical with book, music, and lyrics by Vivian Stanshall and Ki Longfellow-Stanshall written for the Crackpot Theatre Company aboard the Old Profanity Showboat in Bristol, England. The show is based on a series of tales written by Longfellow about Stinkfoot, a New York City alley cat, a bit of a rogue and more than a bit of a rake. It had been intended for children, but when told by a New York literary agent that “No mother in America would want her child identifying with Stinkfoot the alley cat, never mind its name,” the story went into a drawer for many years. It came out with the meeting in 1977 of Vivian and Ki, at which point the story became bedtime reading for Vivian's son Rupert Stanshall (born 1968), and later for his daughter with Ki, Silky Longfellow-Stanshall (born 1979). In 1985 it “grew up” when Vivian and Ki decided to base a musical on its lead character, Stinkfoot. At that point, it became a melding of two very different visions and two very different musical traditions: Vivian’s days as frontman for the Bonzo Dog Band and his childhood in Leigh-on-Sea with Ki’s love of America’s Broadway.
The plot.
The plot of Stinkfoot is about a once great music hall artiste, the mournful Soliquisto, who believes he has come to the end of his career. Once he headlined halls like the Hackney Empire, now he’s lucky to play small rooms at the end of piers. His act has always consisted of trained animals: a singing parakeet ("Parakeet to Meet You"), and two all-dancing, all-singing cats, one male, Stinkfoot, and one female, Persian Moll. Each of these were creations of true brilliance, but all he has left now is Moll, his ventriloquist's dummy Screwy, and his eager nephew and assistant Buster. He and his company ("Soliquisto & His Not So Dumb Friends") have returned for a week’s engagement at the very end-of-the-pier venue where nine years before he had mysteriously lost his famous songbird and his most precious creation, the even more famous Stinkfoot. Buster works with him, acting in all capacities: props, costumes, manager, and even as a ludicrous stand-in for the lost Stinkfoot. Buster is ambitious. He knows his uncle was once the best. He is convinced there’s a secret to being a true artist and if only Solisquisto would tell him that secret, Buster too could be a great artist. Soliquisto has told Buster in every way he can what the secret is, most pointedly in the song: "Follow Your Nose". But Buster cannot “hear” him.
Aside from his animal act—the Diva Persian Moll, who, without Stinkfoot, is basically the whole show, and knows it ("Ow! Ow! Wasn't I Good Tonight!")—Soliquisto is also a ventriloquist. His dummy, Screwy, never lies. Screwy voices all that Soliquisto cannot or will not say, including terrible truths about himself. ("Song of the Saw")
Under the pier is another world of English shale beach and cold sea. Here lives Mrs. Bag Bag, seemingly a bag lady whose life has been spent collecting “little things.” In actuality, Mrs. Bag Bag is the very essence of magic and art, a Muse. (There are nine muses. Stinkfoot has nine cast members. Stinkfoot himself disappeared nine years earlier. Nine is used symbolically throughout the show. Vivian used the number 9 in all he did after marrying Ki whose favorite number was 9. If not 9 itself, then a number that could be reduced to 9, i.e.: 27 garden gnomes in Sir Henry At Rawlinson End.) Nine years before one of the things she collected was an egg which had hatched into a parakeet she’d named Polly. Isaiah the Flounder, a doleful beach-dweller, is enamored of Polly and pleads with her in a show stopping duet ("No Time Like the Future"), but Polly senses she was meant for more…but what? ("Imagination") Mrs. Bag Bag knows, but will not say. Just as Screwy always tells the truth, so too does Mrs. Bag Bag, but Mrs. Bag Bag’s truths are oblique, couched in riddles and rhymes. ("Sphinx & Minx") The bane of Mrs. Bag Bag’s existence, Elma the Electrifying Elver, lives here too. A gorgeous creature of absolute certainty and complete self-absorption, she lives in or out of the sea.
The story begins when Stinkfoot suddenly appears with enormous bravado after going missing for these nine long years. When he does, Soliquisto rejoices. With Stinkfoot, he believes he will rise to his heights once more. Buster is jealous since he believes he will be pushed aside and never recognized for his talent. ("Quickchange Artiste") Persian Moll, a true Diva and sure of her stardom without Stinkfoot, still worries that he will reveal that one night she ate Soliquisto’s parakeet (Polly's mother) and tried to do something dreadful to Stinkfoot himself. ("Bad Bad Ways") But Stinkfoot had escaped her and run away to become a star of the Broadway stage. By returning, he has not come back to perform with Soliquisto...he's merely passing through to show off his success. ("Landing on my Feet Feet")
A complementary story is taking place under the pier. Polly, the daughter of the Solisquito’s murdered songbird, wants to fly, to find her true home. The smitten Isaiah explains life is all doom and gloom, best to accept where she is and who she is. ("You Can't Confound a Flounder") But Polly, who has no idea who she is, is desperate to find out. ("A Foundling's Song")
Each character, whether animal or human, above or below the pier, is an aspect of the one central character voiced by the aging music hall artiste, Soliquisto. Soliquisto may be lost in memories but he's still canny. ("What My Public Wants") The plot is fairly simple and endearingly odd, but the underlying ideas are more complex. Basically, Stinkfoot is a portrait of the artist’s creative heart and mind. Soliquisto believes what he has made must remain in his control or his art is lost. By the end of Stinkfoot he realizes nothing is ever lost, that he can let his creations go, that once he (or she) has created something it takes on a life of its own, and that the artist can always make more. ("Only Being Myself") With this lesson learned, Soliquisto, who has made nothing new since Stinkfoot disappeared, sees Elma the Electrifying Elver dancing on the beach. ("Drowned Sailor's Dream") Ah! Here is his new creation, his latest work of art. He will make her a star! The act of creation is forever…it goes on and on.
Background.
In 1985, the show was intended to close the hatches of the Old Profanity Showboat on a high note and to provide all those who had worked so hard for the ship’s success a chance on its stage. The ship had opened its doors in early 1983 and in came young singers and actors eager to do anything to be part of it. Most became barmaids or members of the lighting and maintenance crew watching other talent come and go on the stage. Ki and Vivian wanted them all to achieve that dream before the Old Pro (as it was eventually called) voluntarily folded.
At first it was thought that staging an established musical would do, but this idea was quickly discarded as unworthy of the ship or its crew. In three and a half months (from September to December, 1985), the show was conceived, written, scored, and rehearsed (both actors and musicians) for a Christmas run. Ki, who ran the ship, booked it straight through the Old Pro's most lucrative season even though she had no expectations of it being a success. At the same time, the Old Pro continued to operate as a daily venue for the usual acts coming and going. Working throughout the night, each part was tailored by Longfellow and Stanshall to accommodate the talents (or lack thereof) of the performers. The show was a huge success, drawing sell-out audiences for its entire Bristol run, with people arriving from all over Britain and as far away as Sweden and the United States. The ship could only provide limited seating, but people brought pillows, even sleeping bags, and found space wherever they could in order to see the show.
Vivian’s story can be found in his own wiki article as can Ki Longfellow’s. (See above links.) Together they created Stinkfoot to celebrate the Old Profanity Showboat.
Productions.
Stinkfoot was staged twice. Once in 1985 for the ship where it was produced by Longfellow and directed by Stanshall. Stanshall also designed the set, the costumes, the make-up, and even the hair. Greatly assisted by his longtime friend, Pete Moss and personal MD, Stanshall was also the musical director. Pete Moss assumed the musical task completely for the second staging in 1988 at the Bloomsbury Theatre in London. The first production was a sell-out for its entire run and garnered wonderful national reviews. The second show (partly financed by friend Stephen Fry) also sold out, but without the participation of either Longfellow or Stanshall, as well as miscast, was a muddle of misdirection.
In late 2008, interest in restaging the show, never flagging, became a reality. The "comic opera", trimmed by Ki from three hours to two, is now in pre-production for a British revival, hopefully in 2011. A "Stinkfoot Showcase" played the Thekla in Bristol, England (where it was written and first staged), on July 20, 21, 22nd, and 24th of 2010. This was a showcase of Stinkfoot's songs backed by a full band and selected cast members (including Nikki Lamborn and Vivian and Ki's daughter Silky Longfellow-Stanshall) plus Tony Slattery as narrator and singer. It attracted the attention of major press (The Word magazine, Mojo magazine, BBC London & BBC Bristol), and theatres like the Bristol Old Vic. Work goes on to fund it for restaging in its entirety.
Book.
The entire script of the original "Stinkfoot: An English Comic Opera" with an introduction by Ki Longfellow-Stanshall and illustrations by Vivian Stanshall was published in 2003 by Ben Schot’s Sea Urchin Editions based in Rotterdam.
Main characters, original cast.
In the original programme the cast list (in alphabetical order) is:
Setting.
The play's fictional setting is both on and under an aging pier somewhere in the south of England. On the end of the pier is a rather shabby theater still holding on to its glory days with a succession of magicians, novelty acts, and once famous performers down on their luck. The pier and the theater are based on Stanshall’s time as a member of the Bonzo Dog Band and his short stint as a guest member of The Alberts, as well as his love of music hall. The beach is the typical stony fringe with its cold waves and rainy days. Ki's New York Stinkfoot comes home from (and returns to), the New York of the Great White Way, a hundred theaters and a million lights.
The Old Profanity's unusual stage in the hold of a once timber-carrying cargo ship was less than thirty feet wide but at least sixty feet deep. The ocean, a series of continually bobbing plywood waves shaped and painted as a Japanese seascape, though not wide, seemed to go on forever. This allowed for scenes "far out at sea," such as Stinkfoot's triumphant arrival on The Ocean Liner and his rescue of Elma when she is attacked by A Giant Squid. As The Angry Sea, the whole cast, under painted cloth, came rolling out at the audience to great effect. The end-of-pier backstage theatre scenes were played out before the darkened sea. A hole was cut through the ship's structural steel bulkhead to provide a space high above the action for Moll's dreadful deeds and for the right and left sides of Soliquisto's brain to sing to each other. ("Murder Living Next Door")
The time is anytime.
Critical reception.
The Guardian theatre critic David Foote wrote in his review of the musical's opening night in Bristol, "Backed artistically by Pamela Ki Longfellow, Vivian has given us an offbeat Christmas show that is funny, bluesy, and loony…the marvel is that here is an original, unusual musical, smelling of the salt sea, with Coward, Cagney, and Mae West around to keep us happily buoyant."
The Times’s theatre critic Richard Gilbert wrote of the Bristol opening, “…a watery tale set alternatively at the end of a seaside pier and under the ocean, peopled by an angst-ridden music hall artiste, his Faustian apprentice, a tomcat under the influence of James Cagney (Stinkfoot himself), a Mae Westian glamour-puss (Persian Moll) and an oracular ventriloquist’s dummy, Screwy. Under the waves there is more derring-do from a cynical flounder, a giant squid and a partly cooked shrimp. The cast of local singers, fringe actors and musicians seems to have absorbed the complexities of the highly moral plot where regeneration triumphs over evil and all optimists ultimately defeat the pessimists. The story-line is less important than the ambitious and resonant songs and music. The length of the Old Profanity boat is cunningly exploited by the marine set…and deserves to be seen in London on dry land at a larger venue.” 
The Bristol Evening Post’s theatre critic David Harrison said, “Stinkfoot is a joy - a wondrous collection of bizarre characters, eccentric ideas, and at least one top ten contender among the songs. There is unlikely to be another Christmas show as innovative and challenging as this.” 
Movie.
Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera is in pre-production as a major part of a film called The Last Showboat. The screenplay is co-written by Ki Longfellow-Stanshall and Alan Ronald.

</doc>
<doc id="19746454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746454" title="Luis Cembranos">
Luis Cembranos

Luis Cembranos Martínez (born 6 June 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder, and a current coach.
He amassed La Liga totals of 155 games and 22 goals over the course of nine seasons, mainly with Espanyol and Rayo Vallecano. He also represented Barcelona in the competition.
Club career.
Born in Lucerne, Cembranos was the son of Spanish immigrants in Switzerland, and returned to his country in his teens, moving to Catalonia. His professional career began at age 20, with second division's UE Figueres; after a good handful of games he was bought by powerhouse FC Barcelona, being assigned to its B-side.
After having appeared in three first team matches in La Liga with "Barça" (his debut came against Racing de Santander on 10 September 1994, and he added his first and only UEFA Champions League appearance, against Manchester United the following month), courtesy of manager Johan Cruyff – he also played with the B's during that campaign – Cembranos moved in early 1995 to another side in the league and the region, RCD Espanyol, where he first began to appear regularly in the top level.
In another January transfer window move (January 1999) Cembranos joined Madrid's Rayo Vallecano, being an essential member in his first months at the club as it eventually returned to the top flight, scoring six goals during the (half)season. Both player and team continued to consolidate, and Rayo obtained its best-ever classification in 1999–2000, qualifying to the UEFA Cup via fair play – where the club eventually reached the last-eight.
In his final three seasons Cembranos appeared very irregularly, troubled with constant injuries that had already made him miss a good number of contests at Barcelona and Espanyol, mainly in the right knee. He was forced to retire in 2005 at age of 33 and, a couple of years after, he had his first coaching spell, with amateurs CD Huracán Z in Castile and León.
International career.
Courtesy of the best season of his career, with Rayo (36 matches, four goals), Cembranos earned his sole cap with Spain: on 26 January 2000, in Cartagena, he came on as a substitute for Juan Carlos Valerón in the 76th minute of a 3–0 friendly win with Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19746459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746459" title="On High">
On High

On High is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki, released on February 12, 2008 in the USA on Howe Gelb's record label OW OM Records and in Canada on Kate's label Confusion Unlimited.
The album's lead single, "Blue Morning", was highlighted as a "Song of the Day" by NPR, KCRW, and WXPN.
The song "To Please" was featured in the film "Ingenious" from 2009, and the song "Highway" was featured in Episode 9 of the television series "Hard Rock Medical" in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19746464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746464" title="Mirror Image (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)">
Mirror Image (Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears album)

Mirror Image is an album by the band Blood, Sweat & Tears, released in 1974.
Founding member Jim Fielder left the band prior to the recording of "Mirror Image". Long-time horn player Lew Soloff also left the group. Jerry LaCroix, previously of Edgar Winter's band White Trash joined on saxophone and occasional lead vocals. This album was produced by veteran Motown producer Henry Cosby, best known for his work on early Stevie Wonder songs.
"Mirror Image" was re-released on CD in 2005 on the Wounded Bird label.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Ross Boissoneau called the album "the most atypical Blood, Sweat & Tears album ever."
Charts.
Album - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19746488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746488" title="Federalist flag">
Federalist flag

The federalist flag, also known as the European Movement flag or the green "E" flag, is a flag commonly used by groups or individuals promoting European federalism, consisting of a large green "E" upon a white background. It was designed as the flag of the European Movement, but is no longer used by it.
History.
The flag first appeared at the Congress of Europe in 1948, which was organised by the International Committee of the Movements for European Unity; however, the colour of the E was red. The congress demonstrated the first divisions between unionists and federalists (those wanting a loose union and those wanting a United States of Europe). The congress led to the creation of the European Movement and, at its first meeting in Strasbourg in September of the same year, adopted the "E" flag but changed the colour red to green. It intended the flag to be a symbol of hope for peace and unity in Europe. It is unknown who authored the flag, though it is speculated that the man most likely to have proposed it was Duncan Sandys, British Conservative and the son-in-law of Winston Churchill, who was responsible for developing the British European Movement. The flag was first flown in London in 1949 at the European economic congress.
The Council of Europe was established in 1949 as a European forum, with a stated purpose of protecting democracy and human rights. It began its search for a European flag the following year; however, the Council chose not to adopt the green "E" flag, or any other previously used flags. In 1955 it adopted a circle of twelve yellow stars upon a blue background. The European Communities, later the European Union, also chose not to use the European Movement's flag, adopting the Council of Europe's flag in 1986 on the initiative of the European Parliament. As it was not adopted by any European governmental body, and with the Council and European Union's flag being more widely recognised, the European Movement's green "E" began to be confined to the more committed federalist supporters and organisations, such as the Union of European Federalists and the Young European Federalists (though the European Movement now uses a logo based on the twelve star flag).
Design.
The flag is dominated by a green, elongated and rigid letter "E" upon a white background. Geometrically, the flag can be divided three ways across and five ways down, all of equal size; the "E" fills the top and bottom fifth, the left most third and one third in the third fifth from the top. The E hence fills two thirds of the area of the elongated flag.
Symbolism.
Today, the flag no longer simply stands for European unity, but for the political struggle for a European federation. The flag has been commonly used by citizens, hoisting it at border crossings following the Second World War, in the 1970s calling for direct European elections, by over 100,000 protesters in Milan calling for the adoption of the Spinelli Treaty (which would have created a European federation but was not adopted) and likewise by tens of thousands supporting the European Constitution at the 2000 Nice European Council. This has given it a character, unlike the European Union flag, of signifying struggle, in the fight against nationalism and against unionists who agree with European unity but are not willing to accept a federation which the federalists describe as "the self-evident consequences".
Hence, there is a desire among federalists not to let the flag fall into disuse. It is not something that is in competition with the European Union's flag, which the federalists see as representing the status quo. Rather they desire the federalist flag to be used as a partisan flag by the federalists who desire: " a democratic and efficient Europe, a Europe capable of acting in the world and coping with the challenges of the 21st century, a Europe capable of defending and promoting beyond its frontiers the values of peace, humanism and progress, which constitute the common heritage of all European citizens." Furthermore, in its ideals of peace, progress, anti-nationalism and ending the division of mankind, it is also seen by some as transcending Europe's borders as a universal symbol of these values.
A New Design.
In the years following the Financial Crisis 2007-08, economic and political changes within the EU and Eurozone have caused a rise in euroscepticsm and other anti-EU feeling. This has been seen most visibly in Northern Europe, especially in the traditionally isolationist lobby in the United Kingdom, and also in countries which have required fiscal bail-outs from Brussels. The antipathy towards the European project has inevitably created interest in the opposite view, and led to a small but not insignificant increase in federalist sentiment. Resultantly, several groups of these new federalists have seen the need for a variant on the traditional Green E flag design from the 20th century, firstly because the original is unlikely to be adopted on the creation of a European Federation or Confederacy, and secondly because the blue and gold of the flag of the European Union is heavily connected to the status quo and is rapidly losing credibility in eurosceptic areas. Several new green and white designs have been created and distributed, but none has, as of writing, been broadly adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="19746491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746491" title="Heavy Metal Payback">
Heavy Metal Payback

Heavy Metal Payback is the sixth solo album by German rapper Bushido, released October 10, 2008 under the record label ersguterjunge. The title of the album was taken from an earlier song entitled "Heavy Metal Payback" from "Aggro Ansage Nr. 2". 3 Singles were released: "Ching Ching", "Für immer jung" (feat. Karel Gott) and "Kennst du die Stars" (feat. Oliver Pocher). The Album sold over 100.000 copies and received Gold-status in Germany.
Production.
Bushido produced this album together with other producers. Most of the songs were produced by Martin Stock and Beatlefield (DJ Stickle & Chakuza).
Bushido organized an orchestra and a choir to record them. The orchestra was recorded in the great hall of slowakish radio and the recordings were mixed by DJ Stickle in the studio. Martin Stock conducted the orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19746493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746493" title="Oak Cottage">
Oak Cottage

Oak Cottage is a historic home built around 1820 and located at the peak of Schooley's Mountain in the Long Valley section of Washington Township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. The property includes a mill and carriage house built in 1828 and is a contributing property to Schooley's Mountain Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Oak Cottage is a three-story home constructed as a 'General Grant' or Second Empire style Victorian with a Mansard roof. The home has 13 rooms including 6 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms and is located in Schooley's Mountain Historic district in Washington Township area of Unknown, Morris County, New Jersey, United States. 
The carriage house and mill on the property was used as an 'apple cider distillery'. It was constructed while the home was owned by Ephraim Marsh and was powered by a water wheel. Marsh was a hotel owner, judge, and president of the Morris Canal. 
A historic photo of the home in 1908 can be seen in a photograph from "The Roads Home" by Henry Charlton Beck and in its 2008 real estate ad. The property was for sale in 2008.
The home was nicknamed 'The Gem of the Mountain' and was located in an area of health resorts, due in part to the local mineral springs. There were
several large hotels with more than 300 rooms. Many prominent Americans visited the area including Thomas Edison, Vice President George Dallas, Governor Edward Coles, General J. Chadwalader, Governor William Pennington, E.D. Morgan, the Vanderbilts, C.V.S. Roosevelt and Ulysses S. Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="19746503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746503" title="Ruddington Depot">
Ruddington Depot

Historically Ruddington Ordnance & Supply Depot was built with a bomb factory & ammunition bunker commissioned in 1940 by the Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom). It was located to the south of Ruddington.
The site consisted of over 200 buildings & took only 18 months to build. A total of 4,000 workers were involved in the building work of a site that would remain for 41 years.
Pre War.
Prior to 1940 the site was used as valuable agricultural land but this changed as conflict was due to erupt in Europe. As the United Kingdom was unprepared for war steps were taken to ensure that this changed. Areas were designated for military depots & the area south of Ruddington was amongst them.
The Royal Ordnance Factory was to be used as a filling factory for ammunition & up to 6,000 employees were expected to take up residence.
The nearby village of Ruddington had no idea of the plans as they were kept secret.
A year into the Second World War in December 1940 the plans were not secret anymore as the area south of the village green was levelled off & destroyed forever.
Initially between 60,000 & 100,000 people were employed in the building process. In the preceding 18 months over 200 buildings were erected along with roads, paths & a branch line to Ruddington railway station.
The local people could only speculate exactly what the site was going to be used for but consequences of war could not be ignored & acceptance set in for what was going to be a permanent fixture for nearly 41 years.
The site was divided into two parts, one used as the filling factory, and the other used to store supplies. Both areas were separated by fencing which also ran around the perimeter of the site, as the depot was almost completely self-sufficient, as it boasted:
The whole site was under tight security, with security staff working 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Closure.
After being decommissioned in 1945 the site was used for auctioning redundant ex-military vehicles & equipment with the depot finally closing in 1983. The auctions were known nationally & were held every eight weeks. Each auction lasted about a week & were so popular that they were advertised in the national press & dealers came from all over the country.
Use today.
Today most of the area covered by the site is used as a recreational area known as Rushcliffe Country Park, an area which covers . 

</doc>
<doc id="19746508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746508" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 36">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 36

The 36th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19746544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746544" title="1968–69 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1968–69 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1968. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746563" title="Erik Solem">
Erik Solem

Erik Toralf Solem (23 August 1877 – 15 July 1949) was a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Kristiania. He worked as a Supreme Court barrister from 1905, district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") from 1912 to 1927 and acting professor of jurisprudence from 1931 to 1932. He served as a Supreme Court Justice from 1938 to 1948, except for the period between December 1940 and May 1945, during the German occupation of Norway. During those years, he was a member of the Norwegian resistance movement´s leadership and viewed as the successor of Paal Berg should Berg die. Following the end of the occupation he was active in the legal purge, as an "ad hoc" presiding judge in Eidsivating. Among others, he presided over the case where Vidkun Quisling was sentenced to death for high treason. Harsh in his sentencing, he was nicknamed "Erik Bloodaxe" by some, but later remitted some of his own sentences.

</doc>
<doc id="19746573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746573" title="Brisbane International">
Brisbane International

History.
The origins of the Brisbane International trace back to the early 1970s, when the Grand Prix tennis circuit, formed in 1970, and which ran concurrently with other tours as the World Championship Tennis circuit, decided to feature on its calendar an event in Queensland to develop a South West Pacific season around the Australian Open - then taking place in Brisbane - alongside other Oceanian events of Sydney, New South Wales; Hobart, Tasmania; and Auckland, New Zealand. The Adelaide-based South Australian Tennis Championships, running as an amateur, then as a State championship, since 1889, were brought to the professional circuit in 1972. The first professional edition of the men's event, played, like the Australian Open, on outdoor grass courts, saw the victory of Soviet Alex Metreveli over Kim Warwick, while the women's event, still not featured in either the Commercial Union Grand Prix circuit or the Virginia Slims circuit, saw Australian Evonne Goolagong win the title.
The tournament had a chaotic history over the following years, taking place on the professional tour again in 1974, in 1977, as the Marlboro-sponsored South Australian Men's Tennis Classic, and in 1979, as the South Australian Open, before it started a regular run in 1981 under the latter title. Moved from January to December in the Grand Prix circuit calendars of the early 1980s, the South Australian Open sealed its place as the opening event of the season in 1987, when it was scheduled again in January, following the return of the Australian Open as the first Grand Slam event of the year. After the surface change of the Australian Open, the tournament also switched to hard courts, starting with the 1988 edition. During the 1980s, the event saw the victories of Australian players as Wally Masur, Mark Woodforde, Mark Kratzmann or Darren Cahill. The taking over of the tour's organization in 1990 by the Association of Tennis Professionals led to several changes, when the tournament, an ATP World Series event, became the Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships, and the prize money increased from $93,000 to $125,000.
In 1997, the Corel WTA Tour created a new event –played on outdoor hardcourts– in Gold Coast, Queensland. The Tier III Gold Coast Classic was added the three preexisting tournaments of Auckland, Sydney and Hobart, and became one of the two events held in the first week of the women's calendar, parallel to the men's Adelaide tournament. Various players, among which Ai Sugiyama, Justine Henin, Patty Schnyder or Venus Williams found success over the years at the low tier tune-up event for the Australian Open. The Gold Coast Classic became the Thalgo Australian Women's Hardcourts in 1998, took the sponsorship of Uncle Tobys in 2003, becoming Uncle Tobys Hardcourts, and changed names again in 2006 to Mondial Australian Women's Hardcourts.
Meanwhile, the ATP International Series Adelaide, which had evolved into the AAPT Championships in 1999, Next Generation Hardcourts in 2005, and Next Generation Adelaide International in 2006 had become one of the three stops of the calendar's first week, alongside the Qatar ExxonMobil Open of Doha, Qatar, and the Chennai Open of Chennai, India. Many popular players added their names to the honor roll in the 1990s and the early 2000s, with Thomas Muster, Goran Ivanišević, Jim Courier, Lleyton Hewitt, Tommy Haas, Tim Henman, Nikolay Davydenko or Novak Djokovic winning the singles - and Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde, Bob and Mike Bryan, Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram reaching the doubles finals.
As both the men's and the women's tour calendars were to undergo important changes from 2008 to 2009, with the WTA inaugurating its new roadmap of International and Premier tournaments, and the ATP Tour becoming the ATP World Tour, with new Masters 1000, 500 and 250 events, it was decided in 2006 to merge the Next Generation Adelaide International and the Mondial Australian Women's Hardcourts into a larger ATP-WTA joint tournament in Brisbane, leading, similarly to the joint Medibank International Sydney, to the Australian Open. Tennis Australia chief Steve Wood commented on the shift: "One of the reasons we are doing this is that there's a rise of more lucrative overseas tournaments in the lead-up to the Australian Open offering increasingly attractive alternatives to the top players looking to prepare for the first Grand Slam. [...] So we really wanted them to invest in having them continue to prepare here in Australia, on the road to the Australian Open." The first Brisbane International took place in Brisbane's newly built Tennyson Tennis Centre – and its Patrick Rafter-named Centre Court – in January 2009. In time for the 2012 event the tournament was promoted to a premier event on the WTA tour.
Past finals.
In the men's singles, Lleyton Hewitt (1998, 2000, 2014) holds the record for most titles with three. Mike Bauer (1982–83), Mark Woodforde (1988–89), Nicklas Kulti (1991, 1993), Yevgeny Kafelnikov (1994, 1996) and Andy Murray (2012–13) each have two titles. Bauer, Woodforde and Murray co-hold the record for most consecutive titles. Hewitt alone holds the record for most finals with four (1998–2000, 2014).
In the women's singles, Ai Sugiyama (1998, 2004), Patty Schnyder (1999, 2005), and Serena Williams (2013, 2014) share the record for most titles with two. Sugiyama also holds the record for most finals appearances (1997–98, 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="19746583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746583" title="Asse II mine">
Asse II mine

The Asse II pit (Schacht Asse II) is a former salt mine used as a deep geological repository for radioactive waste in the mountain range of Asse in district Wolfenbüttel in Lower Saxony, Germany.
History.
Asse II was allegedly used as a research mine since 1965. Between 1967 and 1978 radioactive waste was placed in storage.
The mine is operated by the German government, and was executed by the Helmholtz Zentrum München. Research was stopped in 1995; between 1995 and 2004 cavinates were filled with salt.
After media reports in 2008 about brine contaminated with radioactive caesium-137, plutonium and strontium, politicians accused the operator of not having informed the inspecting authorities. On September 8, 2008, the responsible ministers of Lower Saxony and the German government concluded to change the operator. The new one, the Bundesamt für Strahlenschutz (federal office for radiation protection), will close the mine according to atomic law instead of mining law.
Instability of the pit.
No columns and struts are used in a salt mine. The extra stress in the remaining salt structure (the pit building) by constructing the chamber is handled in the capping mass. Plasticity effects are taken into account as they naturally occur in salt domes. Significant mechanical stress is built up between the surrounding diapirs and the artificial construction. The capping mass in Asse II moves 15 cm a year which undermines the strength of the construction.
Because of the high number of tunnel constructions and the decades of use, the deformation in Asse II has reached the state that the pressurised salt is losing its stability: "The supporting construction is softening by creep deformation, plasticity effects and local fractures from the ground pressure." The Institut für Gebirgsmechanik (IfG) in Leipzig which has been monitoring Asse II since 1996 predicted in 2007 that, from the beginning of 2014, an increase in the loss of the load carrying capacity will result in an increased displacement of the capping mass. The shifts may lead to an uncontrollable increase in water inflow and make the continued operation as a dry pit impossible.
In 1979 a report on the stability of the pit building was released by a working group under the leadership of HH Juergens which describes the now imminent scenario of uncontrolled inflow from the capping mass in the southern flank resulting in the subsequent loss of the load carrying capacity. The manager of Asse II in 1979 and his advisers categorised this report as "unscientific" and declared that there were no stability problems.
Water inflow.
Water will always flow into a salt mine where the salt barrier in the surrounding structure is breached. This happens when the salt barrier is damaged in the drilling operation or by plasticity deformation of the salt resulting in cracks. Asse II is particularly threatened by water because the salt barrier is in some places only a few meters thick.
For the period 1906 to 1988 there were 29 documented water breaches. They were sometimes successfully sealed off, partly dry, sometimes negligible (less than 0.5 m³ per day). For the current operational security, they are meaningless.
Between 1988 and 2008 32 new entry points were recorded. Part of the solution is explained as coming from the diapir in the south area. The solution is collected at 658, 725, 750 m and since 2005 at 950 m, the inflow is currently (2008) 11.8 m³/Day. The liquid is tested for radioactivity and if levels are passed pumped into a tank truck and transported to the abandoned K+S AG mines (Bad Salzdetfurth, Adolfsglück and Mariaglück) The brine in Mariaglück was tested again at the end of 2008 with results for caesium-137 and tritium.
The German mineral- and table water decree (Mineral- und Tafelwasserverordnung, 24.5.2004) is set at 120 milli-Bq/l U-233 or U-235 for drinking water.
Inventory.
Asse II is licensed for the storage of intermediate radioactive waste (LILW-LL, Long lived) and low level waste (LILW-SL, Short lived), defined as waste without significant heat generation. After public speculation about the presence of radioactive high level waste in the pit all material was once again reviewed in August 2008:
1) 125,787 drums of low level radioactive waste stored from 1967 to 1978 in various chambers at 750 meters depth. The containers are mostly drums with volumes from 100 to 400 liters or concrete vessels. The declared total activity at the time of the respective storage amounted to 1.8·1015  Bq. Around 50% of the containers came from the nuclear reprocessing plant of the former Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe, 20% from nuclear power plants and 10% from the former Jülich Research Centre. The containers typically included mixed- and laboratory waste, rubble, scrap, filter residues and combustion residues. Liquids such as evaporator concentrates, sludges, oils, resins and solvents had to be bound as solids. According to some former employees barrels of liquid waste were accepted in the early days of storage.
2) 1293 containers with medium-level radioactive waste stored from 1972 to 1977 in the chamber 8a on 511-meter depth. Only 200-liter roll drums were allowed with waste fixed in concrete or bitumen. The declared total activity at the time of the respective storage amounted to 2.8·1015  Bq. About 97% of the packages (and thus over 90% of the total activity inventory of Asse II) originated from the reprocessing plant in Karlsruhe. A part of the Karlsruhe drums contained waste from the reprocessing plant itself and thus produced fissile material. With storage limits of 200 grams U-235, 15 g U-233 and 15 g Pu-239 per drum. These limits were not reached, the maximum values were 24 g U-235, 5.7 g Pu-239 and less than 1 g U-233 per drum on 511-meter.
The stored radioactivity of 4.6·1015 Bq is not the only measure to evaluate, the largest part of the radiologically most effective and long-lived alpha radiation occurs in the low-level radioactive waste. Therefore, the low level active waste is of particular importance for the long-term security by creating the biggest problems. The medium-active waste contains mostly relatively short-lived radionuclides which is of minor importance to the long-term safety.

</doc>
<doc id="19746593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746593" title="Knut Blom">
Knut Blom

Knut Blom (14 February 1916 – 6 February 1996) was a Norwegian judge. He served as a Supreme Court Justice from 1968 to 1986.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of barrister Hans Jensen Blom (1875–1952) and Anna Martens Wingaard (1877–1947). He was a great-grandson of Oluf Petersen Wingaard. He finished his secondary education in 1934, started law studies and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1939. He was hired as a junior solicitor under Carl Fridtjof Rode in Melbu in the same year, and took over the attorney's office when Rode was called to naval duty shortly thereafter. From 1940 to 1942 Blom was a deputy judge in Jæren District Court, and from 1942 he was a junior solicitor under Sven Arntzen; from 1947 a partner. During the German occupation of Norway Blom had contacts in Hjemmefrontens Ledelse.
Blom was a lawyer until 1968, and worked as a defender in Oslo City Court from 1953 to 1956, Eidsivating Court of Appeal from 1956 to 1965 and the Supreme Court of Norway from 1965 to 1968. From 1968 to his retirement in 1986 he was a Supreme Court Justice. Legal-academic books include "Sakførerens rettslige ansvar" (1947) and "Prisloven med kommentarer" (1954).
He was decorated with the Defence Medal 1940–1945 and in 1978 the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. He died in February 1996 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="19746603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746603" title="1969–70 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1969–70 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1969. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746622" title="Rolv Hellesylt">
Rolv Hellesylt

Rolv Hellesylt (born 26 September 1927) is a Norwegian judge. He was born in Sunnylven, and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1956. He then spent one year at New York University. He was hired in the Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1959, and was promoted to assisting secretary in 1969. He was then a city lawyer in Oslo from 1976 to 1979, before serving as a Supreme Court Justice from 1979 to 1997. He lives at Høvik.

</doc>
<doc id="19746623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746623" title="Elizabeth Mooney Kirk">
Elizabeth Mooney Kirk

Elizabeth Mooney Kirk (February 23, 1914 – June 29, 2004), known by many as "Betty", spent her entire life advancing adult literacy. She worked with Frank Laubach using his "Each One Teach One" reading method. She traveled and taught in India, Africa and the United States. While working in Kenya, she provided the financial support for Barack Obama, Sr. to come to the United States to study.
Kirk co-authored many books with Dr. Frank Laubach and son Dr. Robert Laubach, which are still in use for teaching adults to read English. In this role, her work included running a mission boarding school in India and for two years she was head of a project for the British Government in Kenya training teachers and adults to read in some of the tribal languages.
Kirk and her literacy associate Helen M. Roberts of Palo Alto often helped find sponsorships for promising Kenyan students to study in the United States. An article by Michael Dobbs in The Washington Post states that Kirk provided most of the financial support during Obama Sr's early years in the United States, according to the Tom Mboya archives at Stanford University. Kirk and Roberts are mentioned in Barack Obama's 1995 book, Dreams from My Father (pg 427 hardcover). Roberts encouraged and supported his many college applications and correspondences, while Kirk provided college recommendation letters. 
Kirk and Roberts raised the money necessary for Barack to travel to America. While Obama attended UH, Helen committed to watching over and financially supporting the family that he had left behind, for as long as she remained in Nairobi. She accepted this responsibility in spite of her very limited source of income, which consisted of a small social security check each month.
Kirk's grandfather was Addison Clark who, with his brother, founded the Addran Male and Female Academy which became Texas Christian University. She earned master's degrees from George Washington University and Syracuse University. In 1960, she married Elmer LeValley Kirk. They lived for a time in West Africa before moving to California. Kirk taught school in the Oakland area for many years before retiring to central California.

</doc>
<doc id="19746632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746632" title="1970–71 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1970–71 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1970. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746641" title="Evan Jones (Farmers Alliance)">
Evan Jones (Farmers Alliance)

Evan Jones (June 19, 1846 – January 26, 1899) was the President of the Texas Farmers' Alliance. He advocated cooperative farming and populist political activism.
Jones was nominated by the newly created Texas Union Labor Party as the candidate for governor in August 1888, but he declined, opting instead to commit entirely to Farmers Alliance activities. He unsuccessfully ran for Congress as a Populist Party candidate in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="19746659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746659" title="2008 UEMOA Tournament">
2008 UEMOA Tournament

Following are the results of the 2008 UEMOA Tournament, the soccer tournament held among member nations of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (UEMOA). The tournament is also called Coupe de l'intégration ouest africaine. All games were played in Bamako, Mali at the Stade Modibo Keita.

</doc>
<doc id="19746660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746660" title="1971–72 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1971–72 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1971. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19746669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746669" title="Quiero Ser (song)">
Quiero Ser (song)

"Quiero Ser" (I want to be) is a song written by "Amaia Montero" for her 2008 debut solo album Amaia Montero. The song is the album's opening track, and was released as its first single. 
The single was premiered on Spanish radio station "Los 40 Principales". On January 2009, it became the longest charting number one single in the Spanish airplay history with 13 consecutive weeks in the number one spot.

</doc>
<doc id="19746699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746699" title="Stoom Stichting Nederland">
Stoom Stichting Nederland

The Stoom Stichting Nederland (SSN) is a railway museum in Rotterdam, Netherlands, founded in 1976. 
Facilities.
The SSN owns a motive power depot which includes a locomotive shed, in which even major repairs can be carried out. A turntable, platforms and locomotive facilities also form part of the site. In the museum, the engine shed, a large collection of steam locomotives from Germany and the Netherlands may be viewed. Several times a year special train services run throughout Holland and may sometimes be seen in Germany too.

</doc>
<doc id="19746709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746709" title="Mike Potts (baseball)">
Mike Potts (baseball)

Michael Larry Potts (Born: September 5, 1970 in Langdale, Alabama) is a former left-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who played for the Milwaukee Brewers in 1996. He was 5'9" tall and he weighed 179 pounds. 
Before being drafted, Potts attended Lithonia High School and then Gordon College. He was originally drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the 16th round of the 1989 draft. He opted not to sign, however. When he was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the 18th round of the 1990 draft, he did sign. 
Potts began his professional career with the Macon Braves in 1991, with whom he went 8-5 with a 3.49 ERA in 34 games (11 starts). With the Durham Bulls in 1992, he went 6-8 with a 4.02 ERA in 30 games (21 starts). 
He played for the Greenville Braves in 1993, 7-6 with a 3.88 in 25 starts. Although he was used entirely as a starter in 1993, in 1994 he was used entirely as a reliever. For the Richmond Braves, he made 52 appearances, going 6-3 with a 3.68 ERA. 
In 1995, Potts spent the entire season with the Richmond Braves, making 38 appearances (one start), and going 5-5 with a 3.79 ERA. On January 12, 1996, he was selected off waivers by the Brewers, and he ended up being on their opening day roster. He made his big league debut on April 6, 1996, against the Seattle Mariners. He pitched an inning in that game, allowing two hits but walking away unscathed. He would not be so lucky the rest of the season, appearing in a total of 24 games, allowing 58 hits and 30 walks (only 21 strikeouts) in 45 1/3 innings. He had an ERA of 7.15 and a record of 1-2. He played his final big league game on July 15, 1996. Potts also appeared in 11 games for the Triple-A New Orleans Zephyrs, going 0-1 with a 6.75 ERA.
After leaving baseball Potts started a career in law enforcement, first with the Durham County, North Carolina Sheriff's Office, then later the North Carolina Highway Patrol.
On Monday, February 18, 2013 Potts was shot in the face, hand, and shoulder on U.S. Highway 70 in Durham, N.C. during a traffic stop. Trooper Potts' survived the shooting. The shooter was arrested February 19, and charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill inflicting serious injury.

</doc>
<doc id="19746710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746710" title="Central City Historic District">
Central City Historic District

Central City Historic District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19746713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19746713" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 37">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 37

The 37th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
