<doc id="19754446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754446" title="Thomas Johnes">
Thomas Johnes

Thomas Johnes (1 September 1748 – 23 April 1816) was a Member of Parliament, landscape architect, farmer, printer, writer and social benefactor. He is best known for his development of the Hafod Estate in Wales. 
Johnes was born in Ludlow, Shropshire, England. Upon moving from his family home at Croft Castle to an isolated area near Cwmystwyth, in Ceredigion, Wales, Johnes began his life works by building a church for the local tenants, a school, and magnificent gardens, walks and bridges.
He undertook experiments in sheep and cattle breeding together with the growing of new crops and a thriving dairy was established. Trees were planted in great quantities on land considered unsuitable for crops; Johnes obtained the Royal Society of Arts medal five times for planting trees. He encouraged his tenants to improve their farming practices when in 1800 he published "A Cardiganshire Landlord's Advice to his Tenants", with a Welsh translation and offered prizes for good crops. He was also one of the chief supporters of the Cardiganshire Agricultural Society, founded in 1784. Johnes devoted his entire life fortune to improving Hafod Estate.
Family background and early life.
Johnes belonged to an old Welsh Carmarthenshire and Cardiganshire family. He was related to William Wilberforce through his mother's aunt Anne Knight. This side of his family can trace to Marchweithian, Lord of Isaled and Aed Mawr, a prince among the first colony of the Britons. 
He was the oldest son of Thomas Johnes ("c." 1721–1780) of Llanfair Clydogau and his mother was Elizabeth, daughter of Richard Knight of Croft Castle, Herefordshire. Born on 1 September 1748, he was baptised at Saint Laurence's Church in Ludlow. After first being taught to read English at a local preparatory seminary in his native town, Johnes attended, at the age of seven, Shrewsbury School where he remained for four years. In 1760, he was enrolled in Eton where he remained for seven years; during this time he studied the Latin classics and the Greek language under the direction of William Windham. In 1767, he attended a course of lectures on Logic and Moral Philosophy at the University of Edinburgh. Mr. Johnes left Edinburgh in the latter end of the year 1768, and immediately commenced an extensive tour on the continent accompanied by Robert Listen, Esq. Under his guidance, Mr. Johnes proceeded through France, Spain, and Italy. He next proceeded to Switzerland, and following the course of the Rhine as far as Strasburgh, ventured through Alsace and Loraine to Paris, where they took residence for several months.
Returning from the trip in the year 1771, Johnes remained nearly three years in Herefordshire society, and in the rural pursuits suited to his age. In the year 1774, however, tired of a life of pleasure, he was determined to devote himself to more worthy and more important cause; he ran as candidate for the borough of Cardigan and was opposed by Sir Robert Smith. Johnes eventually won by petition. 
After completing studies at the University of Edinburgh, Mr. Johnes matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford, where he obtained the degree of M.A. on 8 July 1783. His first acquaintance with Lord Thurlow first occurred while he was at Oxford.
Private life.
In August 1778 at Saint Mary's Church, Monmouth, Johnes married Maria Burgh, of Monmouthshire, (d. 1782), the only surviving child and heiress of the Rev. Henry Burgh of Parc Llettis. In the same year he was appointed Colonel of the Carmarthenshire militia. Within a year of marriage, Maria fell ill and died at Bath leaving no children.
Before the end of that year, Mr. Johnes became united in marriage to Miss Jane Johnes, his first cousin who was the daughter of John Johnes of Dolaucothi. This caused a tremendous rift within his family that lead to a total breakdown in their relationship that lasted through the remainder of Johnes's life. It is not clear if he ever spoke with his mother again after his second marriage took place. 
His marriage to his wife Jane, a beautiful and highly intelligent woman, brought great happiness to Thomas. They enjoyed a close relationship, sharing an interest in improving Ceredigion and a love of Hafod.
Their first child Mariamné was born 30 June 1784. Johnes was completely besotted with her and was closely involved with her upbringing. No expense was spared in her education; tutors from all over the world were hired. He shared an especially close emotional bond with Mariamné. He was heartbroken when she preceded him in death on 4 July 1811. 
His son Evan was born in 1786, during the time his wife Jane had laid the cornerstone of their home. The boy died in infancy.
In the winter of 1814, still grieving the loss of his daughter, and now bankrupt, he became ill and moved to coastal Devon to a house he had recently acquired. He died at Langstone Cliff cottage, near Dawlish on 23 April 1816 aged 68 years. He was buried at Saint Michael's Hafod Church, Eglwys Newydd Parish.
Political career.
After returning from a tour of Europe in 1774 he was elected MP for the borough of Cardigan in the following year. He went on to be elected MP for Radnorshire in 1780, 1784, 1790, 1795 and for Cardiganshire in 1796, 1802, 1806, 1807, and 1812. He served as Lord Lieutenant of Cardiganshire from 1800 until his death in 1816, was Colonel of the Cardigan Militia, and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1800.
In 1780, the year he lost his father, in respect for him, he vacated his seat for the borough of Cardigan, and offered himself a candidate for the county of Radnor. This step involved him in a second electioneering contest. He was opposed by Walter Williams, Esq. of Maesclough, but after an heated battle was returned as Knight of the Shire.
The parliamentary politics of Mr. Johnes were at this time decidedly ministerial. To Prime Minister North, who was then prime minister, he was attached by the ties of personal friendship, as well as by their agreement in political views. Like the celebrated Gibbon, he a gave many a silent, but sincere vote in favour of the American war. His devotion was his reward. In the year 1781, he was appointed His Majesty's Auditor for the Principality of Wales. This office, which was in fact a well paid sinecure, was a few years afterwards proscribed by a bill- of reform: but by a kind consideration, usual in such cases, and in this instance enforced by the powerful interference of Mr. Johnes's intimate friend Lord Chancellor Thurlow, its abolition was deferred till the demise of the existing incumbent. While Chancellor, secured for his friend Mr. Johnes, a life interest in the office of Auditor of the Landed Revenues of South Wales, in direct opposition to the report of a Committee of the Commons; the other, as a member of that House, is said, in return, to have contributed by his vote and influence to the reversionary Tellership granted by act of parliament to his noble friend, in express opposition to the wishes of Mr. Fox, with whom he had lately become connected in politics.
Hafod Uchtryd.
In 1780 he inherited the Hafod Estate in Ceredigion from his father as was the case within a landed family. During his first visit to the estate and to Wales he became overwhelmed by the rugged beauty of the area. Upon moving to the estate in 1783, he found it in poor condition, half-ruined, encircled by of Welsh upland. It was populated by a hungry, ill-housed, despairing tenancy. He moved them from huts to cottages and employed many of them planting trees on the property. He had both vision and a pragmatic approach to estate management.
Hafod Uchtryd (meaning the summer place of Uchtryd, a name borrowed from the English word Oughtred) was first known in the 16th century as a farm in the Cwmystwyth, a grange of the monastery of Strata Florida in the valley of the Afon Ystwyth, where the pastures are surrounded by high hills in present day Ceredigion near the Cambrian Mountains of Mid Wales. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the farm became the centre of an estate owned by a branch of the Herbert family. It passed by the marriage of the heiress to the Johnes family of Llanfair Clydogau and Dolaucothi.
Mansion.
A new mansion at Hafod was built in 1785 by Johnes, after the demolition of the Herbert structure, from the designs of Thomas Baldwin of Bath in the Gothic style. The library was a spacious, octagonal building within the mansion. Johnes collected many rare and noble books on natural history and manuscripts in Welsh, French and Latin, which also included many by Edward Lhuyd and many manuscripts and printed editions of the French chronicles of the later Middle Ages. The library collection of the Marquis de Pesaro was purchased and housed at the estate. A sculpture by Thomas Banks, representing Thetis dipping Achilles in the river Styx stood in the library; The sculpture was commissioned by Mrs. Johnes; the head of Achilles is that of their baby daughter, Mariamne. This work is currently on display at the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Adjoining the library was the conservatory in length that was filled with a wide variety of rare plants.
Near the entrance from this room into the dining-room hung a painting by Peter Paul Rubens of Decius Mus receiving the Benediction of the Pontifex Maximus. Over the mantel-piece hung a painting of the prophet Elijah fed by the ravens, originally housed at the abbey of Talley, in the county of Carmarthen, and was, on the dissolution of that establishment, given by the superior to an ancestor of Mr. Johnes. Among numerous pictures on display within the mansion were, a portrait of Mr. Johnes of Llanvair, by Sir Godfrey Kneller; of Robert Liston, Esq., by Wickstead; of Richard Gorges, Esq., of Eye, in the county of Hereford; and of Viganoni; a copy of Guido's Cupid Sleeping, landscapes by Both and Berghem, a painting of the ruined Alchymist by Salvator Rosa. In the drawing-room are, Hogarth's celebrated picture of Southwark Fair, a Descent from the Cross by Van Dyck, an "Ecce Homo" by Moralez, two landscapes by Claude, a procession of the Doge of Venice by Canaletti; an Assumption by Bernardo Lonino, pupil of Leonardo da Vinci, which was originally an altar-piece at Lugano; a Holy Family by Reubens, a portrait of Lord Chancellor Thurlow by Gardener, and some beautiful miniatures by the late Miss Johnes. The hall was constructed of Mona marble embellished with a Grecian statue of Dionysus; in addition, six paintings of subjects from Froissart, in imitation of basso relievo, by Stothard.
On 13 March 1807, a fire broke out that completely destroyed the mansion including the contents of the library. Johnes was in London attending Parliament when he heard the news and that his wife and daughter had escaped. The family moved to a rented house in Castle Hill near Aberystwyth. Baldwin of Bath was again hired as architect. On 1 September of the same year, on Johnes's birthday, construction to rebuild the mansion began. Contractors had agreed to pay a heavy financial penalty if the mansion house was not roofed-in by Christmas. Expectant upon moving in Johnes set about replacing the contents of the home. Many of the furnishings were purchased from the Palladian mansion known as Fonthill Splendens, owned by William Thomas Beckford. Interior French glass doors and a number of chimney mantle pieces were purchased, one of which had been sculpted by Banks that featured two couples: Pan and Iris, Penelope and Odysseus. These items were stored at Hafod until the mansion was complete. During construction the family left Castle Hill making tours of London and Scotland, each year returning to find the house unfinished. Construction delays continued until Johnes remained in Wales and made weekly visits, personally overseeing the progress. Altogether the project took three years to complete.
Picturesque landscape.
Strongly influenced by William Gilpin's "Picturesque" idea of landscape, which was contrary to the format adopted by the famous Capability Brown, Johnes drew in the experience of his in-laws and family who were from Croft Castle, Herefordshire, his father having married the granddaughter of Richard Payne Knight (1659–1745), a very successful ironmaster whose family acquired land in a fertile part of Herefordshire. The idea of the "Picturesque" developed by Uvedale Price at Foxley and his contemporary (and cousin), Richard Payne Knight's work at Downton were seen by Johnes as a model for the design of his plantations and gardens at Hafod.
Johnes undertook an extensive afforestation on the estate. The number of trees planted from 1796 to 1801 numbered 2,065,000 and continued at a rate of 200,000 per year thereafter. Overall, Johnes planted well over 3 million trees (between ) at Hafod between 1782 and 1813. In 1801 alone he planted half a million trees.
Following a visit to Hafod in 1798, by Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk, the President of the Royal Society of Arts (RSA), Johnes was encouraged to offer himself for the awards made by the Society for silviculture.
Between 1790 and 1810 were the golden years at Hafod. Between 1782 and 1813 approximately 405 to 485 hectares (1000–1200 acres) of forest, mainly European Larch and Scots Pine were planted on high ground, with oak and beech on the lower, more fertile land. In spite of two months of little rain, of the 80,000 Larch planted in April 1796, only 200 died. Following a visit to the estate in 1798 by Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk, the President of the Royal Society of Arts (RSA), Johnes was encouraged to offer himself for the awards made by the Society for silviculture. He was awarded five Gold Medals as follows:
Approximately three million trees were planted on the estate during the tenancy of Colonel Johnes.
Without doubt, Thomas Johnes was the pioneer of upland afforestation in Wales. However, the achievement was not his alone. Throughout his years at Hafod, Thomas Johnes employed some outstanding foresters and gardeners.
Between 1790 and 1810 two Scottish men played key roles: John Greenshields, Estate Bailiff and James Todd, Head Gardener who had previously been a gardener at the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh. These two men were in charge of the extensive plantations and forest-nursery activity.
Over the following years, many more Scots foresters were to play key roles in the development of silviculture on estates throughout Wales. Of course it was the men and boys who did the actual planting thereby, playing a key role in making Hafod an outstanding experiment in land management. At Hafod planting rates were in the order of 1000 per team of one man and a boy per day.
Eglwys Newydd church.
In 1803 Johnes hired James Wyatt, architect of Broadway Tower and Fonthill Abbey, to design a church for the estate to replace the existing structure established in 1620 by William Herbert of the Herbert family, which had fallen into disuse and was surrounded by bramble. 
The cruciform structure, constructed at the sole expense of Johnes, was designed in Gothic architecture, has a square tower at the west end. In the centre of the cross is a richly ornamented font of artificial stone, supported on an octagonal shaft; one side of the basin bears a shield charged with the arms of the family of Johnes, and the faces of the shaft are embellished with figures representing the cardinal virtues. A painting, by Fuseli, of Christ and the two disciples of Emmaus is installed in the northern transept. The southern window was composed of an ancient stained and painted Renaissance Flemish glass had been installed in Cardigan Priory church. Johnes removed the window from that church for his own project at Hafod. The window shattered by fire in 1932, and the fragments collected together in small groups.
Several of the Herberts of Hafod are buried in the church graveyard, to whom headstones were erected. 
In the fire in 1932, a sculpture monument by Francis Legatt Chantrey, erected to the memory of the late Miss Johnes, which depicted herself and her weeping parents was destroyed after well-meaning fire fighters doused it with water causing it to shatter.
Known today as Hafod Church, it lies within the Vicarage of Llanafan, Aberystwyth. Services are still held at the church every other week in English and Welsh.
Farm and dairy.
New Farm (), an experimental farm including an extensive dairy was established at Hafod. It was thought that the lands of Hafod and surrounding Cardiganshire were of a type of soil that could not support dairy farming, however in 1800 approximately four tons of cheese and of butter were produced. Johnes experimented with varieties of cattle to determine which would produce the most milk. In order to accomplish these studies, he imported 40 cows from the Netherlands which Johnes referred to has his "Dutch ladies". He was subsequently able to produce Parmesan, Stilton, Cheshire and Gloucestershire cheese at will from his own dairy.
Social benefactor.
Johnes helps to established the Society for the Encouragement of Agriculture and Industry in the County of Cardiganshire as a way to encourage growth in the surrounding area and to promote modern farming techniques to his tenants. He became very frustrated by their refusal to use equipment as basic as a horse and plough, instead preferring pick and shovel. Farming families from Scotland were brought down into Wales to demonstrate productive techniques, but still the local tenants refused to take example. 
The Hafod Arms Hotel, in Devil's Bridge was constructed by Johnes as a way to encourage tourism in Cardiganshire. At the time the estate encompassed present day Pontarfynach. 
In addition to his concern for social welfare of those at Hafod, he was extremely interested in improving parts of Cardiganshire and actively involved himself in the building of roads and bridges. Upon inheriting the estate there was not one passable road within its boundaries. He built Hafod Arch in 1810 to commemorate George III's golden jubilee. He also built a school for the poor of the community to attend at no charge. A fund was established to assist families hit by casualties. A physician was brought on staff and medicine was supplied. Each year he and Mrs. Johnes opened up their home at Christmas hosting a large event for everyone at Hafod including staff and tenants.
Writer, translator and printer.
At the suggestion of his wife Jane, Johnes translated several books from French to English. He established a private press (Hafod Press) in a cottage in the hills away from the main estate in order to publish his works:
Legacy.
Today the Hafod Estate continues to reflect the vision of Thomas Johnes. In Welsh, this is captured in the portmanteau word meaning "‘the landscape with everything in it’ - place, people and nature intertwined".
The Hafod Trust and the Forestry Commission, the current owners, endeavour to preserve and enhance the landscape of Thomas Johnes.

</doc>
<doc id="19754447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754447" title="New South Wales 73 class locomotive">
New South Wales 73 class locomotive

The 73 class are a diesel-hydraulic locomotive built by Walkers Limited, Maryborough for the New South Wales Government Railways between 1970 and 1973.
History.
In October 1969 the New South Wales Government Railways placed an order in October 1969 with Walkers Limited, Maryborough for 20 Bo-Bo shunting locomotives. These were the only New South Wales locomotives to be built in Queensland.
Delivery.
The first unit was delivered in October 1970. When the whole of the first order had arrived, all steam shunting on the North Coast line and the Sydney Metropolitan area, as well as at Goulburn had been replaced. In July 1971 a further 30 units were ordered. The last of these arrived in March 1973 and this brought to an end all remaining steam shunting operations in New South Wales.
In traffic.
The New South Wales Government Railways purchased the class mainly for shunting and their prohibition from mainline use was 'officially' due to the lack of vigilance controls. However, despite its absence, the class was still seen on many suburban trip workings and when mainline operation was a necessity, there seemed to be no hesitation to use them.
One advantage a diesel-hydraulic locomotive has over a diesel-electric variety is its ability to negotiate up to 300mm of water over the tracks. Big floods in March 1976 gave 7323 an opportunity to show off its swimming ability when water covered the line near Bourke and this locomotive was used on a couple of freight trains and a ballast train from Nyngan to Bourke and return. At least two other occasions when their water resistance was put to use was Menindee in 1976 and Hexham in 1977.
Multiple unit operation was common, although the flood event at Hexham is the only known occurrence of triple-heading. A number of units were fitted with exhaust gas scrubbers for use on Eastern Suburbs Railway construction in the 1970s.
Depot allocation.
As an example of the spread of the members of the class throughout the system, the fleet was allocated as follows as at 30 August 1977:
Withdrawal.
With a reduction in locomotive hauled passenger trains and the closure of a number of yards, withdrawals began in February 1987. By October 1991 only three remained in service with FreightCorp. One was repainted into CountryLink livery for use as a depot shunter at Meeks Road depot at Sydenham.
Disposals commenced in 1990 with three sold to the Canberra Railway Museum. Four were sold to Manildra Group in 1991. Many were sold to Queensland sugar cane companies for conversion to gauge. A number have also been preserved.
Two have been placed on RailCorp's Heritage & Conservation Register.
Preserved.
The following are held by recognised preservation organisations:
Sold.
The following units were sold for further commercial operation, some being converted to :
See also.
Queensland Railways DH class

</doc>
<doc id="19754468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754468" title="Walter Ewing Crum">
Walter Ewing Crum

Walter Ewing Crum (18651944) was a Coptologist. He wrote "A Coptic Dictionary" which was published in 1939 and is considered to be the definitive dictionary of translations from Coptic to English.
Crum spent much of his career cataloguing various Coptic materials.

</doc>
<doc id="19754475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754475" title="Yu Hoshide">
Yu Hoshide

Career.
Hoshide played for Meiji University, and spent eight years with YKK AP(currently known as Kataller Toyama of the J.League) in the third division Japan Football League before coming to the United States in 2008.
Hoshide signed for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Second Division. Hoshide played 13 games and scored 1 goal during his year with Harrisburg, before being released at the end of the year.
He subsequently signed for Northern Virginia Royals in 2009. 
In July, he moved to Joe Public F.C.. Joe Public became the first club in the T&T professional league to have signed a player from the Asian continent, more-so Japan. While Hoshide became close friends with Fabien Lewis (The former Naparima College defender) who now plies his trade with Real Maryland Monarchs was the one who introduced Hoshide to Inshan Flex Mohammed of the Soca Warriors Online, who in turn assisted him in obtaining a trial with the Eastern Lions. Hoshide was quite impressive on his first trial with the Pro League title chasers and as a result was offered a short-term contract.
His quick thinking and technical ability in midfield proved vital in helping Joe Public capture five titles that included the Big Six, Toyota Classic, Digicel Pro Bowl and the T&T Football Federation FA Trophy last season.
Hoshide also became the first Japanese to take part and score in the CONCACAF Champions League with number 10 on his back. 
In August 2011, he signed for Filipino side Global F.C., and was immediately assigned as team captain. He made his debut in the 3–2 loss against Stallions in the opening match of the 2011–12 United Football Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19754488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754488" title="Abraham Brower House">
Abraham Brower House

The Abraham Brower House is located at Water and Division streets in New Hamburg, New York, United States. It is a mid-19th century home of one the hamlet's early residents that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
It is a modest brick structure, built in a vernacular interpretation of the Greek Revival style popular in the decades preceding its construction. A kitchen wing was added after the Civil War, but otherwise there have been few significant alterations since then.
Building.
The main block is a one-and-a-half-story, three-bay structure of brick laid in common bond. The gabled roof is shingled in slate laid in a decorative floral pattern. A chimney rises from the south side.
Across the west-facing front facade runs a hip-roofed porch. Its columns, and the doorway, match the nearby Adolph Brower House. The front windows are trimmed in stone.
A smaller, similar addition was built later on the east (rear) elevation. Its roof decoration matches the main house. A full-length porch on its south side has been enclosed in clapboard. There is also a small brick outbuilding with asphalt-shingled roof at the northwest corner of the house's lot.
The interior follows the classic Greek Revival side-hall pattern. Most rooms, save the kitchen, are as they originally were. Woodwork, especially a mantel in the parlor, is also preserved. A full brick beehive oven remains in the cellar of the addition.
History.
Adolph Brower, whose own house across the intersection is one of the oldest in New Hamburg, sold the lot to a relative, Abraham, in 1841. At the time both Browers were involved in the lime quarrying operations along the nearby riverside that were the hamlet's major industry after river commerce. The house, likely built around 1845 although the exact date is not known, had at the time an unobstructed view over the quarries.
It is first recorded in 1867, at which time the kitchen wing was added. Its roof was originally plain slate, but was later redecorated to match the main house. Similarly, the wing's tin-roofed porch was originally unenclosed, and modified sometime later in the 19th century.
Locally, it is believed that the outbuilding was originally a boathouse. Although modified during the 20th century for use as a garage, it is too small to have served as a stable prior to that and the low rafters on its collar beams were ideal places to hang sails to dry.

</doc>
<doc id="19754490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754490" title="1984–85 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1984–85 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1984. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754496" title="Phil Imray">
Phil Imray

Phillip Benjamin "Phil" Imray (born 22 February 1984) is an English-born New Zealand-based footballer who plays for Team Wellington in the ASB Premiership as a goalkeeper.
In 2008, Imray trialed with Scottish club Hibernian. Upon returning to New Zealand, Imray was signed to a short-term contract for the A-League's Wellington Phoenix FC, as an injury replacement for Glen Moss.
Imray saved three penalties in New Zealand’s Chatham Cup final in 2006. He is yet to get an international call-up.
In 2011 Imray was signed to a short-term contract for the A-League's Wellington Phoenix FC, as an injury replacement for Mark Paston.

</doc>
<doc id="19754507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754507" title="Valley Vipers">
Valley Vipers

Valley Vipers may refer to:
Science:
Sports:

</doc>
<doc id="19754514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754514" title="Abbas Tyrewala">
Abbas Tyrewala

Abbas Tyrewala is an Hindi film storywriter, screenwriter, dialogue writer and director. After making his mark as a screenwriter and dialogue writer in early 2000s, with award winning films like "Maqbool" (2003), "Munnabhai M.B.B.S." (2003), he made his debut as a director with a breezy romantic comedy, "Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na" (2008).
Biography.
Born and brought up in Mumbai, Abbas joined St. Xavier's College, Mumbai for graduation, where he started working on plays and soon started writing advertising jingles, but he left without securing a degree to join Ogilvy & Mather PR agency, where he worked for a year; he then joined television production company Cinevista as creative consultant, which he left in 2000, to become a full-time writer. He entered the film industry as a lyricist, writing for film like, "Dil Pe Mat Le Yaar" (2000), and "Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega" (2001), till he got his break with Santosh Sivan's "Asoka" (2001) as a dialogue writer. He is married to Pakhi who had her debut in his film Jhoota Hi Sahi opposite John Abraham.
Abbas hails from a modest background. Born to a poor Muslim family. Abbas's father owned a tyre repair shop, his mother, a housewife, was keen to get Tyrewala a good education in order to help him achieve.

</doc>
<doc id="19754517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754517" title="1985–86 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1985–86 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1985. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754532" title="Gerald English">
Gerald English

Gerald English (born 6 November 1925) is an English tenor. He has performed operatic and concert repertoire, is a recording artist, and has been an academic.
He has given many premiere performances of works by composers such as Igor Stravinsky, Hans Werner Henze, Benjamin Britten, Michael Tippett and Andrew Ford, often under their own direction. He has also sung under the batons of Ernest Ansermet, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Sir John Barbirolli and Sir Thomas Beecham. He has sung opera for the Glyndebourne Festival, the Royal Opera at Covent Garden, La Scala and in Sydney, Adelaide, Manchester, Edinburgh, Florence, Rome, Paris, Buenos Aires, Vienna, Barcelona, and Sadler's Wells. He also performed in concerts in America, as well as in cities like Brussels, Rome, Cologne, Stockholm, Lisbon, Amsterdam or Rio de Janeiro.
Biography.
Gerald Alfred English was born in 1925. His father, a chemist, wanted him to be a mathematician. His family moved to France when he was two years old, and he lived in northern France for 14 years. In World War II he spent four years in military intelligence, where he spent much of his time listening to secret German communications from a base on the bleak Yorkshire moors. One of his colleagues during that time was the composer Peter Wishart. He became a student at the Royal College of Music. At age 25, he became a member of the St. Paul's Cathedral Choir and, shortly thereafter, the Deller Consort, where his continental upbringing proved of value in singing idiomatic French. During this time, he also began to build a reputation as a recitalist, gaining particular authority as an interpreter of the songs of Gabriel Fauré.
He sang many opera performances in a wide-ranging repertory that covered several centuries. He was as comfortable and authentic in Monteverdi as he was in the music of his own time. He has had many years of experience in music of the Elizabethan period. English's debut in opera took place with the English Opera Group in 1956 when he sang the evil Peter Quint in Benjamin Britten’s "The Turn of the Screw" under the composer’s direction. He also sang the role in Milan.
English received good notices for his interpretations in works by contemporary composers such as Tippett, Richard Rodney Bennett (who had requested him for the title role in "The Ledge"), Stravinsky, Luigi Dallapiccola, and Henze. He appeared at the Glyndebourne Festival 1962-1964 (where he sang in Monteverdi’s "L'incoronazione di Poppea"), and in 1963 at the Grand Opéra Paris (as Andres in Alban Berg's "Wozzeck").
From 1960 to 1977, English was professor of music at the RCM, and tutor in singing at New College, Oxford. During 1968-1969 he was with others in Rio de Janeiro, Toronto, Brussels, Stockholm, Rome, Cologne, Amsterdam and Lisbon in a successful concert program, which included works from both the Baroque era, in particular of Johann Sebastian Bach, and from the modern era.
In 1973, he was artist-in-residence for universities in Western Australia and New South Wales.
In 1977, he became Founding Director of the Opera Studio of the Victorian College of the Arts in Melbourne. He also supervised postgraduate vocal studies in baroque music and movement.
Gerald sang Leoš Janáček’s song cycle "The Diary of One Who Disappeared" as part of the 1992 Melbourne International Festival, and in the same year premiered Andrew Ford's "Harbour" with the Australian Chamber Orchestra. Other highlights include the role of the story teller in Peter Tahourdin's "Heloise and Abelard" for the West Australian Opera, Maurice Ravel's "Chansons madécasses" with the Australia Ensemble, performances of Peggy Glanville-Hicks' "Letters from Morocco" with the Hunter Orchestra and the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra, and the soloist in scenes and interludes from György Ligeti's "Le Grand Macabre" with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
On 13 May 1989 English was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Music from the University of Sydney. Professor JM Ward, A.O, Principal and Vice-Chancellor of the University presented the degree as follows:
In 1993 he was awarded one of the prestigious Australian Creative Artists' Fellowships. In 1995, he persuaded 13 Australian composers to each write a piece, to be showcased at the Gerald English Birthday Concert in honour of his 70th birthday. The composers who contributed included; Tony Bremner, Roger Smalley, Richard David Hames, Gordon Kerry, Nigel Butterley, Wilfrid Mellers, Stephen Cronin, Andrew Ford, Michael Finnissy, George Tibbits, Peter Sculthorpe and Ross Edwards and Martin Wesley-Smith. 
Premiere performances include Benjamin Britten's "Nocturne" with Sir John Barbirolli conducting the Hallé Orchestra, Henze's "We Come to the River" directed by the composer at Covent Garden, Dallapicolla’s "Ulisse" conducted by the composer in Rome, and Luciano Berio’s "Opera" for the Florence Festival. He has also premiered 12 pieces by the Australian composer (and broadcaster), Andrew Ford. The one-man music-theatre piece "Night and Dreams: the death of Sigmund Freud" was commissioned by the 2000 Adelaide Festival.
Gerald English has made many recordings, including the complete works of Monteverdi. He has recorded cantatas by Telemann, Handel and Bach with the group Il Pastor Fido. Other composers he has recorded include Andrew Ford, Peggy Glanville-Hicks, Vaughan Williams ("The Pilgrim's Progress"), Henry Purcell ("Te Deum"), John Dowland and Robert Schumann.
Since 1978 he has lived in Australia. 
Full list of conductors Gerald English has performed with as Soloist:
Claudio Abbado,
Karel Ancerl,
Ernest Ansermet,
David Atherton,
Sir John Barbirolli,
Daniel Barenboim,
Luciano Berio,
Nadia Boulanger,
Pierre Boulez,
Sir Adrian Boult,
Sir Benjamin Britten,
Oleg Caetani,
Basil Cameron,
Stuart Challender,
Meredith Davies,
Sir Colin Davis,
Luigi Dallapiccolo,
Christoph von Dohnanyi,
Antal Dorati,
Sir Edward Downes,
Mark Elder,
Lawernece Foster,
Sir Alexander Gibson,
Berthold Goldschmidt,
Sir Charles Groves,
Bernard Haitink,
Vernon Handley,
Hans Werner Henze,
John Hopkins,
Hiroyuki Iwaki,
Otto Klemperer,
Raymond Leppard,
Sir Anthony Lewis,
Witold Lutoslawaki,
Peter Maag,
Lorin Maazel,
Sir Charles Mackerras,
Bruno Maderna,
Igor Markevich,
Jean Martinon,
David Measham,
Krzysztof Penderecki,
David Procellijn,
Georges Pretre,
André Previn,
Sir Simon Rattle,
Sir Malcolm Sargeant,
Eric Schmid,
Marcus Stenz,
Igor Stravinsky,
Sir Michael Tippett,
Edo de Waart,
List of Orchestras Gerald English has sung solo with:
Australia
Adelaide Symphony Orchestra,
Brisbane Symphony Orchestra,
Melbourne Symphony Orchestra,
Sydney Symphony Orchestra,
Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra,
West Australian Symphony Orchestra,
Christchurch Symphony Orchestra,
New Zealand Radio Orchestra, 
Asia
Singapore Symphony Orchestra,
Hongkong Symphony
Europe
Austria
Austrian Radio Orchestra,
Czechoslovakia
Czech National Orchestra,
Prague Symphony Orchestra,
Prague Chamber Orchestra,
Germany
Philharmonisches Staatsorcherester Hamburg,
Radio Symphony Orchestra Saarbrucken,
WDR Radio Orchestra Cologne,
Collegium Auriem,
France
Orchestre de Paris,
Orcheste de Bordaux-Aquitaine,
French National Radio Orchestra,
Belgium
Brussels Radio Symphony Orchestra
Liege,
Namu,
Holland
Concertgebouw, Amsterdam,
Rotterdam Philharmonic,
"'Spain
Orqesta Ciudad de Barcelona,
Orchestra Nacional Spain,
Madrid Symphony Orchestra,
Alhambra Concerts,
Barcelona Concerts,
San Sebastian Concerts.
Portugal
Lisbon National Orchestra,
Oporto Opera Orchestra,
Gulbenian Centre Orchestra,
Italy
Turin Opera House Orchestra,
La Scala Orchestra,
Orchestra Sinfonica de Milano,
Orchestra de Milano RAI
RAI Roma,
Orchestra Santa Cecilia Roma,
Naples,
Florence Opera Orchestra,
"'UK
London Symphony Orchestra,
London Philharmonic Orchestra,
London Sinfonietta,
English Chamber Orchestra,
Bournemouth Sinfoietta,
City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra,
BBC Symphony Orchestra,
The Philaharmonia,
Royal Philharmonic,
Mozart Players,
St. Martin in the Fields,
Scottish Cahmber Orchestra,
Halle Orchestra,
Liverpool Philaharmonic,
Hungarian State Orchestra
Dubrovnik Orchestra
Middle East
Israel Philharmonic,
Tel Aviv Chamber Orchestra
North America
Montreal Symphony Orchestra,
Cleveland Symphony Orchestra,
Toronto Symphony Orchestra,
Dallas Symphony Orchestra,
Vancouver Symphony Orchestra,
Ottawa Symphony Orchestra
South America
Orquesta Filharmonica de Buenos Aire, Argentina,
Brazil Rio de Janeiro Radio Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19754534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754534" title="Cordeliers Convent">
Cordeliers Convent

The Cordeliers Convent (French: "Couvent des Cordeliers") was a convent in Paris, France.
It gave its name to the Club of the Cordeliers, which held its first meetings there during the French Revolution.
"Cordeliers" was the name given in France to the Franciscan Observantists.
The building now houses the Dupuytren Museum of anatomy in connection with the school of medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="19754555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754555" title="1986–87 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1986–87 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1986. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754556" title="Matt Gerald">
Matt Gerald

Matt Gerald is an American actor and screenwriter.
Gerald was born in Miami, Florida, USA. A graduate of The University of Pennsylvania, Gerald is best known for his role as Corporal Lyle Wainfleet in James Cameron's sci-fi thriller "Avatar" as well as his terrifying arc on Showtime's "Dexter" as elusive predator, Ray Speltzer. 
Gerald's recent film credits include "Escape Plan" with Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger, "" with Dwayne Johnson and Bruce Willis, "Red Dawn" with Chris Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson, "Freelancers" with Robert De Niro and Forest Whitaker, "The Frozen Ground" with Nicolas Cage and John Cusack, and "Solace" with Colin Farrell and Sir Anthony Hopkins, due out in 2014.
Other film credits include "Faster", ', ', "S.W.A.T.", "Tigerland", "Elektra Luxx", "In the Mix", "The Minus Man", and "Magnolia". 
Gerald's television credits include recurring roles on "The Shield" as the inimitable Detective Tommy Hisk, "The Unit" as Delta team leader Beau Dauber, and "Life" as the wise-cracking Officer Krebbs. 
Other guest-star credits include "Intelligence", "Castle", "Grimm", Last Resort", ', ', ', "Lie To Me", "Saving Grace", "Without A Trace", and '.

</doc>
<doc id="19754560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754560" title="Yuki Stalph">
Yuki Stalph

Yuki Stalph (, born August 4, 1984) is a German footballer of Japanese playing for SC Idar-Oberstein.
Personal.
Stalph was born on August 4, 1984 in Bochum, Germany. In January 1987 his brother Kodai came to birth. Two years later, in March 1987, the family moved to Japan.
After graduating from High School in May 2003, Stalph moved to Zurich (Switzerland) to kick-off his football career.
Stalph previously played for Hekari United FC and before that he started for the SC Idar-Oberstein and Harrisburg City Islanders.

</doc>
<doc id="19754562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754562" title="Devapattu">
Devapattu

Devapattu
Devapattu is a village situated near the banks of the river Manimuttar. 
It falls under Sivaganga District and Karaikudi Taluk. It houses around 1000 people. It consists of Chinna Devapattu, Devapattu, Koilpatti and Mangampunjai.
It is the hometown of many people who from the grassroots level have risen to be notable people of the local community in and around Karaikudi.
Andarnatchi Amman Temple.
Andarnatchi Amman Temple is the Family-God of many people in and around Devapattu. It is considered to be a very powerful god. People visit the Amman on Fridays mostly. 
It is mandatory that the people have to be true and pure whilst visiting Andarnatchi Amman Temple. 
There is also a Manjaviratu which happens annually in the temple celebration. The worship of andarnatchi amman during full moon day is considered to be very auspicious.
Sangili karuppaiah temple.
Sangili karuppaiah temple is the family-God of many people in and around devapattu. its considered to be a very powerful God like andaranatchi amman .there is no statue only an "aruva"(big knife) as symbol of God sangili karuppaiah. 

</doc>
<doc id="19754572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754572" title="List of fictional Romans">
List of fictional Romans

This article is a list of fictional characters in written fiction and other forms of media set during the period of the Roman Republic and/or the Roman Empire. This list is subcategorised by the position of each character - whether they are actual Roman citizens, Roman provincials (non-Romans who were not actual slaves) or slaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19754582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754582" title="1987–88 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1987–88 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1987. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754584" title="A Gala Christmas in Vienna">
A Gala Christmas in Vienna

A Gala Christmas in Vienna or Christmas in Vienna V is a DVD released in 1998. Plácido Domingo, Sarah Brightman, Helmut Lotti and Riccardo Cocciante perform traditional, European and American Christmas songs in Vienna, Austria. A CD of the songs was also released.
The orchestra was the Vienna Symphony, conducted by Steven Mercurio.

</doc>
<doc id="19754619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754619" title="1988–89 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1988–89 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1988. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754626" title="Jan Cornall">
Jan Cornall

Jan Cornall (born 17 August 1950) is an Australian singer, comedian and writer. Known for her contributions to queer music through the group Baba Yaga during the 1970s and the hit musical "Failing in Love Again" (1979), Jan Cornall was a leader in the women’s comedy and cabaret resurgence of early 1980s. She has contributed to Australian community theatre, addressing issues facing regional and rural women, and had a long involvement in forging cross cultural links with Indonesian and Australian writers and artists.
Born in Melbourne, Australia, Jan Cornall started performing at young age in school plays and musicals. She studied speech and drama at Melbourne Teacher’s college under the tutelage of Max Gillies. She began her performance career as a founding member of the Tribe experimental theatre group in 1968. During this time they performed ‘Happenings’, ‘Guerilla Theatre’ and ‘Street Theatre’, leading the Vietnam War moratorium marches in Melbourne with a series of street performances. The Tribe group were regulars at the famous La Mama Theatre (Melbourne) where they met and later merged with the Australian Performing Group (APG) at the Pram Factory Theatre.
In 1973, Cornall performed alongside Red Symonds, lead guitarist of Skyhooks, in the play "The Ride Across Lake Constance" by German absurdist Peter Handke. Following this time, Cornall travelled overseas, performing solo as a singer/songwriter, before joining the all-girl Latin jazz band, Baba Yaga, in Portland Oregon. She recorded the album "On The Edge" with the band as vocalist and percussionist.
On her return to Australia, Cornall joined the radical arm of the The Pram Factory "Nightshift", performing in Marguerite Duras’ play "L'Amant Anglais" and the world premiere of Stephen Sewell’s play "Traitors". In 1979, Cornall was invited to be writer in residence at the Pram Factory, where she wrote and performed in her hit musical "Failing in Love Again". With musical partner Elizabeth Drake, they performed alongside Jeannie Lewis, Margaret Roadnight and Robyn Archer on the Australian festival circuit and with Cabaret Conspiracy in Sydney
In 1983 Cornall went solo, performing her one woman comedy on stage with Gretel Killeen and Wendy Harmer at the Gap Women's Comedy Shows in Sydney and regional NSW. At the end of 1984, after touring nationally with a number of shows, Cornall gave up performing to concentrate on writing for theatre and film. She received a New Writers Fellowship from the Literature Fund of the Australia Council for The Arts. Her resultant play "Escape From a Better Place" was performed by four theatre companies, later adapted for ABC Radio Drama and read at the International Women’s Playwrights Conference in Athens in 2000.
During the 1990s Cornall wrote the screenplay "Talk", an Australian feature film directed by Susan Lambert. "Talk" showed in New York as part of a US tour and was reviewed in the "Village Voice". Cornall went on to write two musical plays for the Women On a Shoestring theatre company about Australian farming women and the unknown stars of the Australian silent film industry.
In 2000, Cornall worked as writer on a unique project with Australian Tibetan musician Tenzing Tsewang, dramatising the story of his journey out of Tibet. Directed by Brian Joyce, "Hanging Onto the Tail of a Goat" was the first solo theatre production by a Tibetan performer in Australia. It showed in Melbourne, Wollongong, Penrith and Sydney's Opera House Studio. At the same time she began teaching writing workshops and retreats in communities, writers centres and colleges. In 2004 Jan ran her first writers retreat in Ubud, Bali in conjunction with the inaugural Ubud Writers and Readers Festival.
Her time spent in Indonesia began collaborative relationships which she continued to develop over the following years with an Asia Link residency in Jakarta in 2006. During this time Cornall wrote "Take Me To Paradise", a novel, and composed and recorded "Singing Srengenge" in collaboration with noted Indonesian poet Sitok Srengenge and jazz pianist Imel Rosalin.
At festivals in Indonesia, Cornall returned to performance after an absence of 20 years, performing her spoken and sung word at literary festivals and performance art at Perfurbance #2, #3, #4, street and village festivals in Jogjakarta. As an arts and travel journalist, Cornall’s articles and have been published in "Jakarta Post", "RealTime Arts", "Arts Hub", "Urthona" magazine and "The Daily Telegraph". In January 2008 Jan took part in Gang Festival in Sydney, an artist-run exchange between Australian and Indonesian artists.
In January 2008 Jan took part in Gang Festival in Sydney, an artist-run exchange between Australian and Indonesian artists and wrote, produced and performed in a stage version of Take Me To Paradise, with Indonesian performers: artist Jumaadi, poet Sitok Srengenge, musicians Deva Permana and Wendy Anggerani for OzASia Festival in Adelaide.
Cornall continues to work on writing projects while leading annual writing journeys to international locations including Bali, Fiji, Laos, Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="19754630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754630" title="Hagan">
Hagan

Hagan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19754713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754713" title="Union Grove High School">
Union Grove High School

Union Grove High School is a public institution within the Henry County School System in McDonough, Georgia and hosts students from ninth through twelfth grades. Current enrollment hovers around 1,700 students. The school sends its brightest students to the Georgia Governor's Honors Program through a strenuous application and interview process, which welcomes top students from around the state for six weeks of academic enrichment at Valdosta State University. Union Grove usually has the highest number of GHP participants within Henry County. In 2009, Union Grove was listed in the top 5% of American High Schools in Newsweek magazine for the fourth year in a row, as #16 in the state of Georgia, and #482 in the nation [http://schoolwires.henry.k12.ga.us/165020914145338413/blank/browse.asp?A=383&BMDRN=2000&BCOB=0&C=59467]. 
History.
In the late 19th century in the northeastern part of Henry County, a community school named Union Grove Academy opened its doors. In 1904 the Academy’s board of directors petitioned the county to accept it as a public school. The school thrived for several decades, but after the disastrous boll weevil invasion and consequent hard times, 25% of the area’s population moved away. In 1945 the school closed. Fifty-five years later Union Grove High School opened its doors in 2000 with a small student body of 801. The fourth high school opened by the Henry County School System in modern times, it chose as its mascot the Wolverine, with school colors of burgundy and silver.
Today Union Grove is home to over 1700 students and over 150 faculty and support staff. Accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, the school staff is proud that it has had students accepted at 140 different colleges, universities, and technical schools including Harvard, Vassar, Emory, Stanford, Georgia Tech and the University of Georgia. It has also had students accepted at the United States Air Force Academy and the United States Naval Academy. Union Grove was recognized by Newsweek magazine in 2005 as among the top 10 percent of public schools in the nation. In 2006 Newsweek placed the school among the top 5% of national public schools. In 2005 the school was awarded the Governor’s Cup for having a significant increase in SAT scores. 
Additionally, the school traditionally has the largest number of students of all Henry County schools participating in the state Governor’s Honors program.
In addition to its strong curriculum and student support system, Union Grove offers students the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of sports activities including football, basketball, and wrestling along with many others for a total of 18 sports opportunities. There are also more than 30 co-curricular and extra-curricular clubs available. These include honor societies such as the National Honor Society and the National Science Honor Society, as well as areas of student interest such as the Fishing Club and the Guitar Club. Staff club sponsors and coaches use these opportunities to build strong relationships with their students and increase school spirit.
Union Grove also has a Navy Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps battalion. The cadets and their instructors lay claim to the best unit in the nation after winning the NJROTC National Orienteering Championships for three consecutive years, winning the National championship for Drill, Athletic, and Academics in 2011, and possessing many other state and national titles since the unit's formation. The Wolverine battalion would go on to place three teams in the top four in the National Brian Brawl championship in the 2012-2013 school year. 

</doc>
<doc id="19754714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754714" title="Nineteen Eighty Seven">
Nineteen Eighty Seven

Nineteen Eighty Seven was released in 2005 on Girder Records and is an album from the Christian metal band Whitecross. This album is the band's comeback album since they disbanded in 1998. This album also has Scott Wenzel and Rex Carroll together again for the first time since 1992. It is a remake of the original 1987 Whitecross debut album from scratch since the band felt that the original album turned out being a little too raw due to its limited budget & to now take full advantage of advances in studio technology not available twenty years ago. This album had all songs re-recorded except for "You're Mine". The bonus song "Love on The Line" was available before but only on the Love on the Line (EP). The bonus song "Re:Animate" is a new song that was never recorded before. The bonus out-take tracks 12-15 were only on the original 2000 pressings. Girder Records, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19754756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754756" title="1991–92 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1991–92 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1991. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754783" title="1992–93 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1992–93 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1992. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754790" title="Unveiled (Whitecross album)">
Unveiled (Whitecross album)

Unveiled was the sixth album by Christian metal band Whitecross, released in 1994. It reached No. 18 on "Billboard"'s Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album was produced by Jimmie Lee Sloas.
The song, "Come Unto the Light", won a Dove Award for Hard Music Song of the Year at the 25th GMA Dove Awards in 1994.
"Unveiled" was re-issued in 2005 by Retroactive Records, featuring demo versions of two songs from the debut album, "Whitecross" .

</doc>
<doc id="19754800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754800" title="Ma Sui">
Ma Sui

Ma Sui (馬燧) (726 – September 4, 795), courtesy name Xunmei (洵美), formally Prince Zhuangwu of Beiping (北平莊武王), was a Chinese general who served during the Tang dynasty. He was known mostly for his battles against the rebel generals Li Lingyao (李靈曜), Tian Yue, Zhu Tao, and Li Huaiguang.
Background and early career.
Ma Sui was born in 726, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Ru Prefecture (汝州, in modern Pingdingshan, Henan) and claimed to be descended from the royal house of the Warring States period state Zhao. Its traceable family line came from Ma Sui's great-great-great-grandfather Ma Xiu (馬岫), who served as an official of Northern Zhou. Ma Sui's direct male-line ancestors, including his great-grandfather Ma Juncai (馬君才), grandfather Ma Wen (馬玟), and father Ma Jilong (馬季龍), all served during Tang Dynasty. Ma Wen did not carry a high office, having served only as high as a supply officer for one of the imperial guard corps, but Ma Jilong had passed a special imperial examination for the military strategy works of Sun Tzu and Wu Qi and later served as a prefectural prefect and military commander at You Prefecture (幽州, in modern Beijing). When Ma Sui himself was young, on one occasion, when he was studying with his older brothers, he stated, "There will surely be disturbances in the realm. A real man should have accomplishments that helps the people throughout the realm, and how can he sit idly by to be merely a Confucian scholar?" As he grew, it was said that he had an unusual appearance, was tall, calm, brave, and intelligent. He was well-learned, particularly in the matters of military strategy.
In 755, the general An Lushan rebelled against Emperor Xuanzong's reign at Fanyang (范陽, i.e., You Prefecture), and soon advanced south to capture territory under imperial control and declare himself as emperor of a new state of Yan. He left his subordinate Jia Xun (賈循) in charge of Fanyang. Ma Sui, who was then at Fanyang, tried to persuade Jia to turn against An. Jia was impressed with Ma, but could not make up his mind. The proposal was leaked, however, and An sent his subordinate Han Chaoyang (韓朝陽) back to Fanyang and killed Jia. Ma fled Fanyang and was hidden by the hermit Xu Yu (徐遇) in the mountains to the west of Fanyang. After Ma hid there for a month, he left and joined the Tang resistance army at Pingyuan (平原, roughly modern Dezhou, Shandong) under Yan Zhenqing. After Pingyuan fell to Yan troops, Ma fled to Wei Commandery (魏郡, in modern Handan, Hebei). Nothing in his official biographies indicated what his activities were for the rest of the Anshi Rebellion.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
During the "Baoyin" era (762-763) of Emperor Xuanzong's grandson Emperor Daizong, near the end of the Anshi Rebellion, Li Baoyu, the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Zelu Circuit (澤潞, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), made Mao Sui the sheriff of Zhaocheng County (趙城, in modern Linfen, Shanxi). After the end of the Anshi Rebellion with the death of Yan's last emperor Shi Chaoyi in 763, the Huige troops under its Dengli Khan Yaoluoge Yidijian (藥羅葛移地健), who were in Tang lands to help with the efforts against Yan, were returning home, and on the way, they went through Tang territory without any regards for Tang local officials, killing and pillaging at will. When they were set to pass through Zelu Circuit, Li Baoyu could find no subordinates willing to be in charge of welcoming the Huige troops. Ma volunteered, and, before Huige troops arrived, he first gave gifts to their commanders. The commanders, in return, issued orders authorizing Ma to punish Huige soldiers not following orders. Ma then, as the Huige troops were arriving, had several prisoners who were already sentenced to death dressed up as his own attendants, and, if they even disobeyed his orders in any minor manner, he had them beheaded in the Huige soldiers' presence. Subdued by this display, the Huige soldiers, as they went through Zelu Circuit, were willing to abide by regulations. This impressed Li Baoyu greatly. Ma then further warned Li Baoyu that he believed the major general Pugu Huai'en, who had accepted the surrenders of four major Yan generals at the end of the Anshi Rebellion (Li Huaixian, Xue Song, Li Baochen, and Tian Chengsi) and had recommended that they be allowed to remain as military governors, and who was also Yaoluoge Yidijian's father-in-law, might be intending to rebel and having designs on Zelu and Hedong (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi) Circuits. He recommended precautions, and Li Baoyu agreed. Subsequently, when Pugu did rebel, he sought food supplies from Xue. Li Baoyu sent Ma to persuade Xue not to cooperate with Pugu, and Xue turned against Pugu. As a result, Ma was promoted.
Later, Ma served as the prefect of Zheng Prefecture (鄭州, in modern Zhengzhou, Henan). He encouraged agriculture and reduced taxes, reforms that were much appreciated by the people. In 769, he was made the prefect of Huai Prefecture (懷州, in modern Jiaozuo, Henan). He was able to comfort the people despite a devastating drought at the time. Later, as Li Baoyu had also been made the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), on the western border with Tufan, Ma was made the prefect of Long Prefecture (隴州, in modern Baoji). There was an old road to the west of the prefectural capital that enabled Tufan troops to advance easily on incursions, and within eight days, Ma placed boulders and planted trees to seal the road, and further set up two defensive gates on the road. On an occasion when Li Baoyu went to the capital Chang'an to pay respect to Emperor Daizong, Ma accompanied him, and Emperor Daizong, believing that Ma was able, made him the prefect of Shang Prefecture (商州, in modern Shangluo, Shaanxi) and put him in charge of the supply lines going through Shang Prefecture.
In 775, the soldiers stationed at the important base Heyang (河陽, in modern Luoyang, Henan) mutinied and expelled their commander Chang Xiuming (常休明). Emperor Daizong made Ma the commander of Heyang to replace Chang. In 776, following the death of Tian Shenyu (田神玉) the acting military governor of Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), Tian's subordinate Li Lingyao seized the control of the circuit. Initially, Emperor Daizong tried to appease Li Lingyao by making him the acting military governor, but after Li Lingyao continued to be defiant of imperial authorities, Emperor Daizong commissioned Ma, Li Zhongchen, Li Mian, assisted by Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊) and Li Zhengji, to attack Biansong. In fall 775, Ma and Li Zhongchen rendezvoused at Zheng Prefecture. Li Lingyao launched a surprise attack against their forces and causing them to withdraw; a large portion of Li Zhongchen's army, from Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), deserted, while the people of Zheng Prefecture panicked and fled to the eastern capital Luoyang. Li Zhongchen wanted to retreat, but Ma opposed, stating, "We are regular troops attacking rebels. Why do we worry about defeat? Why do we give us this chance for battlefield accomplishments?" He dug in, and in response, Li Zhongchen gathered his soldiers and also dug in. They then moved toward Bian Prefecture, with Ma marching north of the Bian River (a canal connecting the Yellow River and the Huai River, flowing through Bian Prefecture) and Li Zhongchen marching south of the Bian River. They were joined by Chen's forces, and together they battled Li Lingyao's forces to the west of Bian Prefecture's capital, defeating Li Lingyao. Li Lingyao withdrew within the capital, and Ma and Li Zhongchen put it under siege. After they further defeated relief forces commanded by Tian Yue (the nephew of Tian Chengsi, who was allied with Li Lingyao), Li Lingyao fled but was eventually captured by Li Mian's forces and delivered to Chang'an to be executed. Ma, knowing that Li Zhongchen was fierce and cruel, decided not to contend with Li Zhongchen as to the credits for the victory and therefore refused to enter Bian Prefecture's capital. Li Zhongchen entered Bian Prefecture and, on his subsequent reports, credited only himself, as Ma predicted, going as far as killing the Biansong general Li Senghui (李僧惠), who had turned against Li Lingyao and who also contributed much to the victory.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Campaign against Tian Yue.
In 779, Emperor Daizong died and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Shortly thereafter, Ma Sui was made the acting military governor of Hedong Circuit and the mayor of Taiyuan Municipality. Hedong Circuit had recently (in 778) suffered a major defeat against Huige forces, and its army was weak at the time. Ma carried new recruitment for cavalry soldiers from the rank of the officers' horse carers, built new battle wagons, and conducted rounds of battle training, thus rebuilding the Hedong Army within the span of a year. In 781, he was at Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Dezong, when he warned Emperor Dezong that Tian Yue, who had succeeded Tian Chengsi as the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan) in 779 and taken a conciliatory and submissive posture toward the imperial government, would nevertheless rebel eventually and that precautions needed to be taken.
Meanwhile, in 781, Li Baochen and Li Zhengji died, and their sons Li Weiyue and Li Na requested to succeed their fathers, to be military governors of Chengde (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) and Pinglu (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), respectively. Emperor Dezong refused. They thus prepared for war against the imperial government, and Tian and Liang Chongyi (the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei)), allied to them, prepared for war as well. Tian, as Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, the new name for Zelu Circuit), whose military governor Li Baozhen (Li Baoyu's cousin) was loyal to the imperial government and which held two prefectures close to his own capital, decided to attack Zhaoyi Circuit. He put Zhaoyi's city Linming (臨洺, in modern Handan) under siege. Emperor Dezong sent Ma and Li Sheng to aid Li Baozhen. Ma, before his arrival in the region, sent a humble letter to Tian, to make Tian believe that Ma was fearful of him. Ma then rendezvoused with Li Baozhen and attacked Tian's subordinate Yang Chaoguang (楊朝光), in charge of logistics and had his subordinate Li Ziliang (李自良) cut off a potential path for Tian to aid Yang — going as far as telling Li Ziliang, "If Tian Yue got past you, I will cut off your head!" Tian indeed tried to aid Yang, but was blocked by Li Ziliang, and Ma and Li Baozhen defeated and killed Yang. They then advanced to Linming and defeated Tian as well, forcing Tian to flee back to his capital Wei Prefecture (魏州).
In spring 782, Ma, Li Baozhen, and Li Sheng, joined by Li Qiu (李艽), the military governor of Heyang Circuit (converted from Heyang Base), engaged Tian, who was aided by soldiers from Chengde and Pinglu Circuits, near Wei Prefecture, and they had a major victory over Tian. Tian was again forced to flee back to Wei Prefecture. The officer that Tian had put in charge of Wei Prefecture, Li Changchun (李長春), was ready to turn against Tian and submit to the imperial government, and when Tian arrived during the night, he closed the city gates. However, Ma and Li Baozhen, who had grudges against each other over Ma's defense of Li Baozhen's subordinate Yang Shu (楊鉥), whom Li Baozhen had wanted to kill, could not chase after Tian quickly, and by morning, Li Changchun was forced to open the city gates, allowing Tian to reenter, execute Li Changchun, and get ready to defend the city. Only after more than a day did Ma and Li Baozhen arrive at Wei Prefecture, and they could not immediately capture it.
Meanwhile, after a number of victories that Zhu Tao, the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), and Li Baochen's former subordinate Zhang Xiaozhong, had over Li Weiyue, Li Weiyue was killed by his own subordinate Wang Wujun, who then surrendered. However, Emperor Dezong then alienated both Zhu (by not giving him part of Chengde's territory that he had captured) and Wang Wujun (by not making him the military governor of Chengde as Emperor Dezong had implicitly promised anyone who would kill Li Weiyue). Tian made overtures to Zhu and Wang, and they agreed to ally with him. They advanced south toward Weibo. Meanwhile, the dispute between Ma and Li Baozhen flared up further when Li Baozhen took some of his own soldiers to defend Zhaoyi's Xing Prefecture (邢州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei) in case Wang attacked it — drawing Ma's ire and causing Ma to consider withdrawing back to Hedong. Only with Li Sheng's intercession did Ma and Li Baozhen make peace. Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong sent the general Li Huaiguang to aid Ma and Li Baozhen, while bestowing on Ma the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事).
In summer 782, Zhu and Wang arrived at Wei Prefecture and prepared to battle the imperial troops sieging Wei Prefecture. Li Huaiguang also arrived and, against Ma's advice of waiting until his soldiers had enough rest, decided to battle Zhu and Wang immediately. He had initial successes, but Wang cut his soldiers off from each other with a charge, leading to a major defeat for the imperial forces. Zhu and Wang then tried to cut off the imperial troops escape, but Ma then promised to request that Emperor Dezong put Zhu in charge of the entire region north of the Yellow River. Zhu believed him and did not pursue imperial forces further, so the imperial forces were able to withdraw over a river from Wei Prefecture, and were able to take up a posture against the rebel forces, thus putting the armies into a stalemate. Emperor Dezong gave Ma the title of military governor of Weibo, while Zhu, Wang, Tian, and Li Na all took princely titles to signify independence from Tang.
During Zhu Ci's and Li Huaiguang's rebellions.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), in Chang'an to await deployment to the east, mutinied when they became angry that Emperor Dezong was not giving them rewards. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), and the Jingyuan soldiers supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci (who had been earlier removed from his command due to Zhu Tao's rebellion) as their leader. Zhu Ci soon declared himself emperor of a new state of Qin. When Emperor Dezong's messengers, delivering these news, arrived at the imperial forces' camps near Wei Prefecture, the imperial forces scattered, with Li Huaiguang heading toward Fengtian to try to save Emperor Dezong, and Ma Sui, Li Baozhen, and Li Qiu each returning to their own circuits. Subsequently, after persuasion from Li Baozhen, Wang Wujun secretly agreed to resubmit to the imperial cause, and Ma and Li Baozhen both maintained contact with Wang. Upon return to Hedong Circuit, Ma strengthened the defenses of its capital Taiyuan by diverting the waters of nearby Fen River to create defensive ponds and moats around Taiyuan. He also sent his subordinate Wang Quan (王權) with 5,000 soldiers, along with his own son Ma Hui (馬彙), to try to aid Emperor Dezong. Emperor Dezong gave Ma Sui the title of acting "Situ" (司徒, one of the Three Excellencies) and created him the Prince of Beiping. Meanwhile, Li Huaiguang fought off a Zhu Ci assault on Fengtian and saved Emperor Dezong from certain capture or death in late 783, but subsequently, angry over Emperor Dezong's refusal to meet him after the battle, rebelled in spring 784 against Emperor Dezong as well, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Liang Prefecture (梁州, in modern Hanzhong, Shaanxi). After Emperor Dezong fled to Liang Prefecture, Wang Quan and Ma Hui returned to Hedong Prefecture.
Soon, though, with many of Li Huaiguang's subordinates turning against him, he withdrew from the Chang'an region to Hezhong (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). Li Sheng, who was then the commander of the Tang forces in the region, then recaptured Chang'an from Zhu Ci in summer 784, and Zhu Ci was killed in flight. Li Sheng welcomed Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an. He subsequently put Ma Sui in charge of the operations against Li Huaiguang, along with Hun Zhen and Luo Yuanguang (駱元光). Ma was quickly able to get three prefectures previously under Li Huaiguang's control — Jin (晉州), Ci (慈州), and Xi (隰州) (all in modern Linfen, Shanxi) to surrender to him, and Emperor Dezong wanted to give him the command of the three prefectures as a new Jincixi Circuit (晉慈隰). Ma declined — pointing out that, pursuant to his own recommendations, the three prefectures had already been promised to Kang Rizhi (康日知), who had stood up against Wang Wujun but whose Shenzhao Circuit (深趙, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang) had been promised to Wang Wujun as enticement for Wang Wujun to return to the imperial fold. Emperor Dezong much approved of Ma's willingness to yield the three prefectures, and when Kang arrived, Ma transferred the three prefectures to Kang, with their treasuries intact, much to Kang's surprise and happiness. Ma subsequently continued to attack Li Huaiguang's territory, seizing it piece by piece. However, with imperial forces lacking food, the opinion among the imperial opinions largely wanted to try to pardon Li Huaiguang and persuade him to resubmit to imperial authority. Ma opposed, however, and when he was at Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Dezong in spring 785, he requested one more month of time to subdue Li Huaiguang, and Emperor Dezong agreed. He subsequently persuaded Li Huaiguang's officer Xu Tingguang (徐庭光), who was defending Changchun Palace (長春宮, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi), to surrender, and then approached Hezhong with Hun and Luo. Li Huaiguang, facing defeat, committed suicide, ending his rebellion, 27 days after Ma had requested one more month to subdue him. Emperor Dezong gave Ma the additional title of "Shizhong" (侍中), the head of the examination bureau of government (門下省), a post considered one for a chancellor.
After Li Huaiguang's rebellion.
In 768, during a major Tufan incursion, led by Tufan's chancellor Shang Jiezan (尚結贊), Emperor Dezong had Ma Sui, along with Li Sheng and Hun Zhen, converge against Shang. Shang, who was trying to find a way to get the three generals, whom he saw as the only obstacles between him and a conquest of Tang, removed from their commands. With Li Sheng vehemently opposing peace with Tufan, Shang, who was running into difficulties due to his livestock dying during the campaign, therefore sought peace through Ma. Ma, believing in Shang's sincerity and having prior grudges with Li Sheng, advocated a peace agreement and subsequently arrived at Chang'an to further advocate it. With Ma and another chancellor who was also a political enemy of Li Sheng's, Zhang Yanshang, advocating peace, Emperor Dezong removed Li Sheng from his command at Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) and recalled him to Chang'an, getting ready to make peace with Tufan.
By summer 787, Emperor Dezong and Shang had negotiated a peace treaty, and Hun, as Emperor Dezong's emissary, was set to meet with Shang at Pingliangchuan (平涼川, in modern Pingliang). Li Sheng, fearing Tufan treachery, instructed Hun to be careful, but Zhang, hearing this, accused Li Sheng of interfering with the peace with Tufan. Emperor Dezong thus instructed Hun to be relaxes, not to aggravate Tufan in any way. On July 8, 787, at the meeting site, Shang laid a trap for Hun and launched a sudden attack, killing and capturing many of Hun's attendants, but Hun escaped. When the news reached Chang'an, Emperor Dezong was so panicked that he considered fleeing Chang'an, but remained due to Li Sheng's advice. Shang, in order to further aggravate Emperor Dezong's attitude toward Ma, intentionally released Ma's nephew Ma Yan (馬弇), along with the imperial eunuch messenger Ju Wenzhen (俱文珍). As a result of this debacle, Zhang claimed an illness and retired, while Emperor Dezong recalled Ma Sui to the capital and stripped him of his command, keeping him at Chang'an to serve as "Shizhong" and "Situ". Emperor Dezong gave Li Ziliang the command of Hedong, despite Li Ziliang's reluctance due to his longtime service under Ma.
Later in the year, Emperor Dezong made a respected senior advisor, Li Mi — who had previously served his grandfather Emperor Suzong and father Emperor Daizong but declined major offices — chancellor. At a meeting that Emperor Dezong hosted for Li Mi, with Liu Hun, Ma, and Li Sheng also present, Li Mi openly asked Emperor Dezong to guarantee Li Sheng's and Ma's personal safety, due to their great achievements. Emperor Dezong agreed. Later, when Li Mi advocated an alliance with Huige against Tufan, despite Emperor Dezong's longstanding hatred toward Huige — as, during an incident in 762 while he was still the Prince of Yong under Emperor Dezong, a number of his staff members had been arrested and killed by Huige's then-khan Dengli Khan Yaoluoge Yidijian (藥羅葛移地建) over a dispute in the meeting protocol between the young prince and the khan — Li Sheng and Ma spoke in favor of the alliance, finally persuading Emperor Dezong in conjunction with Li Mi's advice.
In 793, when Ma was meeting Emperor Dezong, Emperor Dezong, on account of Ma's having an illness in his feet, ordered that he not be required to bow. During the meeting, when Ma fell due to his illness, Emperor Dezong personally helped him up. Ma subsequently tried to resign his "Shizhong" post, but Emperor Dezong declined. Ma died in 795 and was buried with great honors.
Liu Xu, the lead editor of the "Book of Tang", had this comment about Ma:
Ouyang Xiu, the lead editor of the "New Book of Tang", indicated his agreement, but further commented:

</doc>
<doc id="19754826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754826" title="NewBoy">
NewBoy

NewBoy is a major distributor for branded toys in the Middle East. Headquartered in Dubai, UAE, the company's business lines include toys, stationery, textile, food, and publications. NewBoy is the exclusive owner of the famous doll brand Fulla. Fulla is thought to be the best-selling toy in the girls doll category throughout the Arab world. Fulla is the cultural adaptation of family values as reflected within the cultural norms throughout the region.
Business Divisions.
Licensing.
NewBoy’s involvement in licensing activities goes back to the earliest days of the company, when NewBoy advertised its own label products on TV. The ads featured endearing little characters that proved to be very popular with children across the region. Accordingly, NewBoy realized the enormous benefits of having such popular character endorsement.
Since then, Licensing has become one of the most strategic business models for NewBoy, where magnifying the benefits drawn from a successful character is key. Currently, NewBoy acquires, sells, and markets licenses for some of the hottest characters throughout a number of categories including food, textile, cosmetics, jewellery, etc.
International Business Division.
The division was first established in late 2004 by acquiring a worldwide rights for TV, Merchandizing and Toys for Let’s & Go property (Japanese Property from Shopro). The property is based on an animated children’s TV program which features the adventures of two boys who have a passion for mini 4-wheel drive car racing. This was a huge success for NewBoy. The property was already launched in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Argentina, Panama. New launching plans are currently underway in France, Brazil, Germany, South Africa and Russia.
The division is currently working on a new toy concept and has recently entered into a new agreement with d-rights Inc., an integrated production company based in Japan handling entertainment contents in animation and live-action films around the world. Under the new agreement, NewBoy and d-rights will be co-producing a new TV animation in 52 episodes, 30 minutes each. The new animation is targeted to boys 4–12 years old and is based on the new toy concept.
Private Label.
The Private Label division has been established strategically to create and develop NewBoy’s own brands across a wide range of product categories. Private Label products are always customized to cater for local markets. NewBoy continues to develop brands and products that adhere to the highest quality and safety standards.
NewBoy Brands currently include:

</doc>
<doc id="19754830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754830" title="1993–94 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1993–94 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1993. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19754833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754833" title="Tor Fuglevik">
Tor Fuglevik

Tor Fuglevik (born April 7, 1950) is a Norwegian radio and television executive. 
While Director General for Radio at the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, Fuglevik founded the very first all-digital radio channel (DAB) in the world. The NRK Klassisk channel, broadcasting classical music 24 hours a day, was launched on June 1, 1995.
Tor Fuglevik holds degrees from the Norwegian School of Journalism in Oslo and the University of Oslo. 
He started his career as a radio news reporter for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK) in 1971.
He was appointed Head of Information at the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1976. Fuglevik has since held various positions at NRK, acting as Regional Manager, Radio Director General and Dep. Director General. From 2002 to 2006 he was Director General of Norges Televisjon (NTV), a company set up to establish a national, terrestrial TV network, and since 2006 has served as Director of the Norwegian branch of the international media conglomerate Modern Times Group. 
From 2004 to 2010, he was a board member of the Language Council of Norway, which is the consultative body for the Norwegian state and government on language issues.
During his career, Fuglevik has also been a member of various governing bodies within the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) in Geneva.
Fuglevik has published several books about radio and broadcasting. In 2008, Tor Fuglevik received The Honorary Award of Prix Radio for his contribution to the development of Norwegian Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="19754844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754844" title="Tátrai Quartet">
Tátrai Quartet

The Tátrai Quartet was a Hungarian classical string quartet founded in 1946 and based in Hungary. For the half-century after World War II it was one of the foremost string quartets in Hungary, specializing in Beethoven, Mozart, and Haydn, and also in the first performance of works by Hungarian composers.
Personnel.
The membership of the quartet changed several times but was led for its first 40 years by first violinist Vilmos Tátrai.
Origins and activities.
Vilmos Tátrai (1912-1999), Professor in the Franz Liszt Academy of Music, founded the quartet in 1946 with leading members of the Budapest Capital Orchestra, later called the Hungarian State Concert Orchestra. Mihály Szűcs was concertmaster of the State Opera House, György Konrád was solo violist of the State Concert Orchestra, and Ede Banda was a professor at the Academy of Music and solo cellist of the State Concert Orchestra. The quartet won first prize at the Bartók String Quartet Competition in 1948. Tátrai soon afterwards took the first violin desk at the Hungarian State Orchestra and was still occupying it in 1982. In 1957 Tátrai founded the Hungarian Chamber Orchestra, which has no conductor, and remained its leader for more than two decades. The quartet was awarded the Kossuth prize in 1958. By 1982 it had given the first performances of 72 Hungarian works and the Hungarian premieres of 64 works by foreign composers. The group had a repertoire of over 300 works and a history of more than 2000 performances.
Their (more than 72) recordings on the Hungaroton, Telefunken, and Muza labels include extensive surveys of Beethoven, Bartók, Mozart and Haydn.

</doc>
<doc id="19754854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754854" title="Lortie">
Lortie

Lortie is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19754862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754862" title="Princess Lucia of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Lucia of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess "Lucia" Maria Raniera of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (; 9 July 1908, Munich – 3 November 2001, São Paulo) was a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies by birth. Through her marriage to Prince Eugenio of Savoy, 5th Duke of Genoa, Lucia was Duchess of Ancona and Duchess of Genoa.
Early life.
Princess Lucia was born at the Nymphenburg Palace in Munich on 9 July 1908, the fifth child and fourth daughter of Prince Ferdinand Pius, Duke of Calabria, and his wife, Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria.
Marriage and issue.
Lucia married Prince Eugenio of Savoy, sixth and youngest child of Prince Thomas of Savoy, 2nd Duke of Genoa and his wife Princess Maria Isabella of Bavaria, on 29 October 1938 at Nymphenburg Palace in Munich, Germany. Lucia and Eugenio had one daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="19754887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754887" title="One More Encore">
One More Encore

One More Encore is a live album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released in 1998. It includes a studio remake of the song "No Second Chances".

</doc>
<doc id="19754902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754902" title="USNS Patuxent (T-AO-201)">
USNS Patuxent (T-AO-201)

USNS "Patuxent" (T-AO-201) is a underway replenishment oiler operated by the Military Sealift Command to support ships of the United States Navy. 
"Patuxent", the fifteenth ship of the "Henry J. Kaiser" class, was laid down at Avondale Shipyard, Inc., at New Orleans, Louisiana, on 16 October 1991 and launched on 23 July 1994. She was the first of three ships in the class of eighteen—the other two being and —to be built with a double hull required by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Hull separation is at the sides and at the bottom, reducing her liquid cargo capacity by about from that of the 15 single-hull ships in the class.
"Patuxent" entered non-commissioned U.S. Navy service under the control of the Military Sealift Command with a primarily civilian crew on 21 June 1995. She serves in the United States Atlantic Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="19754909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754909" title="The Very Best of Whitecross">
The Very Best of Whitecross

The Very Best of Whitecross is a compilation album from the Christian metal band Whitecross.

</doc>
<doc id="19754928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754928" title="Koprivnik v Bohinju">
Koprivnik v Bohinju

Koprivnik v Bohinju is a settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Koprivnik" to "Koprivnik v Bohinju" (literally, 'Koprivnik in Bohinj') in 1955 to distinguish it from other settlements with the same name in Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19754955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754955" title="Tsuneo Mori">
Tsuneo Mori


</doc>
<doc id="19754967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754967" title="John Jenour">
John Jenour

John Jenour (146517 September 1542) was a British legal official. He was the son of William Jenour of Stonham Aspal, Suffolk and his wife Katherine Whiting, and the elder brother of Robert Jenour, who became an officer of the Court of Common Pleas along with John. In 1491 he worked as an attorney for the Common Pleas, and in 1503 he became Filazer of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset, followed by a 1510 promotion to Second Prothonotary. As Prothonotary he was in charge of pleading and entries, and his book of entries was sometimes cited in court; a copy currently belongs to the Library of Congress. Although he never rose higher than Second Prothonotary, his influence on the next generation of judges was profound; he trained Sir Robert Catlyn, Sir Robert Broke, Sir Anthony Browne and James Dyer, all of whom became Chief Justices. He died on 17 September 1542, leaving two sons; Richard, the elder, later became a Member of Parliament and clerk of the Court of General Surveyors, while Robert, the younger, also became a barrister, although not one of any major note.

</doc>
<doc id="19754969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754969" title="Laški Rovt">
Laški Rovt

Laški Rovt is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19754986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754986" title="Okazaki Kunisuke">
Okazaki Kunisuke

Biography.
Okazaki was born as the younger son in a "samurai" class family in Wakayama Domain, what is now Wakayama Prefecture. His father was a "karō" with revenues of 400 "koku" as a direct retainer of the Kiishū Tokugawa family, and he was the first cousin of Mutsu Munemitsu. 
After the Meiji Restoration, at the invitation of Mutsu Munemitsu, Okazaki left Wakayama for Tokyo in 1873. When Mutsu was appointed as ambassador to the United States, Okazaki accompanied him as his secretary and enrolled in the University of Michigan, where he became acquainted with Minakata Kumagusu. Okazaki returned to Japan in 1890, and was elected to the lower house of the Diet of Japan in the Japanese general election, 1890. It marked the start of his political career, and he was subsequently to be reelected to the House of Representatives for ten consecutive times. In 1897, he became a member of the Liberal Party of Japan (Jiyūtō). After Mutsu’s death, he became associated with another of Mutsu’s protégés, Hoshi Toru, and supported the Ōkuma Shigenobu administration, and the formation of the "Rikken Seiyūkai" party.
In 1900, Okazaki was chosen to become Minister of Communications in the 4th Itō Hirobumi cabinet. For the next twenty years, he continued to play an active, behind-the-scenes role in Japanese party politics, reemerging into the spotlight as Minister of Agriculture and Commerce under the Katō Takaaki administration in 1925. In 1928, he was appointed to the House of Peers.

</doc>
<doc id="19754987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754987" title="Katerina Graham">
Katerina Graham

Katerina Alexandre Graham (born September 5, 1989), known professionally as Kat Graham, is a Swiss-born American
actress, model, singer, and dancer. She is best known for her role of Bonnie Bennett on The CW television series "The Vampire Diaries". Graham worked for Mary Kay company in 2002.
Personal life.
Graham was born in Geneva, Switzerland and raised in Los Angeles, California. Her father, Joseph, is of Americo-Liberian descent, and her mother, Natasha, is of Jewish and Polish origin. Graham's father was a music executive and the godfather of two of Quincy Jones' children. Her paternal grandfather was a UN Ambassador, serving for 40 years in The Netherlands, Sweden, Romania, and Kenya. Her parents divorced when she was five.
She has a half-brother, Yakov, born in Tel Aviv, Israel. Graham was raised in her mother's Jewish religion and attended Hebrew school. She speaks English, Spanish, and French, as well as some Hebrew and Portuguese. She is a supporter of gay rights.
Graham has been dating Cottrell Guidry since 2010 and got engaged to him on October 28, 2012.
Career.
Commercials and dancing.
Graham began her career in the entertainment industry at age six. Over the next eight years, she appeared in various commercials, including those for Barbie, K-Mart, Pop Tarts, and Edison. At the age of 15, Graham caught the eye of choreographer Fatima Robinson, and was asked to perform at the BET Awards as a background dancer for lil' Bow Wow. Graham followed her BET Awards appearance with work as a background dancer for Missy Elliott, Pharrell, Jamie Foxx, and choreographers Hi-Hat and Michael Rooney. At 17, Graham participated in a national marketing campaign to advertise Coca-Cola's soft drink Fanta. Graham appeared in the marketing campaign as a member of the "Fantanas", known as Capri, also known as Strawberry. Graham has appeared in various music videos, including Akon's "Lonely", Christina Millian's "Dip It Low", Justin Bieber and Usher's "Somebody to Love (Remix)", 112's "What If", John Legend's "Used to Love U", B2K's "Why I Love You", Musiq Soulchild's "B.U.D.D.Y.", and Nelly's "Just A Dream" and Diddy – Dirty Money with Usher "Looking for Love".
Television and film.
In 2002 Graham made her television debut on the Disney Channel television series "Lizzie McGuire". Graham went on to appear on various television shows, including "", "The OC", "Malcolm In The Middle", "Joan of Arcadia", "Grounded For Life", and "Greek". In 2008 appeared in three episodes of the Disney Channel television series "Hannah Montana" playing the role of a girlfriend to the character Jackson Stewart. Graham has also had notable supporting roles in films such as "17 Again" and "The Roommate". In December 2008 Graham began filming sci-fi dance film "Boogie Town" in Los Angeles, California. Filming on the film was put on hold that same month due to payroll issues with background performers. In April 2009 principal photography was stopped due to schedule conflicts with some of her cast mates and other projects. The film is set in a futuristic New York City in 2015 where dance battles are permanently banned. Graham plays the role of Ingrid. The film was set to be released in theaters worldwide October 2011, however it was set to be originally released in June 2009.
In March 2009 Graham was cast in The CW supernatural drama television series "The Vampire Diaries" based on the book series of the same name. Graham portrays the role of Bonnie Bennett a teenage witch and is considered her breakout role. The series premiered on September 10, 2009 to 4.91 million viewers and received praise for the series progression from critics. In May 2012 the series was renewed for the shows fourth season. In 2011 Graham won "Scene Stealer Female" at the Teen Choice Awards for her role on the show. In August 2010 "The Hollywood Reporter" announced Graham was cast in the Universal Pictures Dance Drama film "Honey 2". The film is a sequel to the 2003 film "Honey". The film follows a troubled teenager and aspiring dancer whom joins a dance crew. The film was released theatrically in selected countries for a limited release and went on to make over $8 million worldwide. In June 2011 the film was released Straight-to-DVD in North America to negative reviews from critics though Graham's performance and dancing was praised. That same year Graham starred in another Dance film this time a Kung Fu Dance Action film called "Dance Fu" in which Graham appeared as the female lead.
Music.
In 2002, she wrote a song entitled "Derailed", which was featured in the Jean-Claude Van Damme film of the same title. In 2006 Graham pursued a career as a musical artist. Graham found her break in 2007 when she was featured on "The Donque Song" and "I Got It From My Mama" on Grammy Award Winner singer/rapper will.i.am's third studio album "Songs About Girls". The move saw Graham embark on a world tour with The Black Eyed Peas as a supporting act for the Black Blue & You Tour. In April 2010, the song "My Boyfriends Back" released on YouTube and got over 1 million views In October 2010 Graham released her debut single "Sassy". A music video for the song premiered that same month, but the track performed poorly and it failed to chart. She then went on to release covers of artists such as Janet Jackson and Paula Abdul which garnered Graham the attention of Paula who praised her cover. Graham contributed a cover of the Garbage song "Only Happy When It Rains" to "The Vampire Diaries" soundtrack. The song premiered in December 2010 in an episode of the series titled "The Sacrifice". In March 2011, Graham released another single titled "I Want It All". The music video premiered in May 2011.
In February 2012, Graham signed a recording contract with A&M Octone Records which was marked as her first major label signing. In March 2012 Graham released "Put Your Graffiti On Me", which premiered on PerezHilton.com. The song itself received positive reviews from critics. That same month, the official music video premiered and as of October 19, 2012 has reached 4,843,458 views on YouTube. The song peaked at #5 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Songs chart. On May 29 Graham performed the track on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". This was marked as her first televised musical performance ever. On that same day Graham released her first EP "Against The Wall" which debuted at #54 on the iTunes Music Album Chart. Graham is currently in the process of recording her debut album. The second single taken from her debut EP is the track "Wanna Say". The music video was directed by Benny Boom and produced by London Alley. It's scheduled for release in late September. She also appeared on the song "Dog Day Afternoon" from the Ras Kass & Doc Hollywood free collaborative digital album ""Spit No Evil"". On June 25, 2013, Graham gave the opportunity to five fans to release the name of her new single on twitter, and released the single premiere of "Power" at Billboard.com the next day. 'Power' is said to be the lead single from her debut album, which currently does not have a release date.
Influences.
Graham cites Mariah Carey, Britney Spears, Jennifer Lopez, Shakira, Rihanna, Nelly Furtado, Tom Jones and Vanessa L. Williams as major music influences. In addition, her other music inspirations include Destiny's Child, The Beatles Graham cites the work of Elvis Presley and The Spice Girls as ahead of their time and major influences on her work and aesthetic. She describes her sound as "vintage 90's with a modern twist."

</doc>
<doc id="19754988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754988" title="Rue Monsieur-le-Prince">
Rue Monsieur-le-Prince

Rue Monsieur-le-Prince is a street of Paris, located in the 6th arrondissement.

</doc>
<doc id="19754997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754997" title="Li Zhenyu">
Li Zhenyu

Li Zhenyu (), born in Beijing, China, is a Chinese-English bilingual columnist and news anchor who writes for a variety of mainstream publications worldwide.
The son of a former Deputy Consul General of the People's Republic of China in Toronto and the former Counselor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China, Li followed in his father's footsteps and turned himself into a cross-cultural messenger. He is currently one of the most sought-after bilingual sports and culture writers in China, whose columns have been featured on the official website of People's Daily, magazine sections of People's Daily, Beijing Review, Global Times, China Daily, CRI English and Yahoo China etc. Li has also been a contributing columnist for such international trade publications as TheSweetScience.com, SecondsOut.com, The Boxing Times, BoxingScene.com, and MaxBoxing.com among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19754998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19754998" title="At Their Best (Whitecross album)">
At Their Best (Whitecross album)

At Their Best is a compilation album from the Christian metal band Whitecross.

</doc>
<doc id="19755026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755026" title="Lutfiyar Imanov">
Lutfiyar Imanov

Lutfiyar Muslum oglu Imanov () (17 April 1928, Sabirabad – 22 January 2008, Baku) was an Azerbaijani opera singer (dramatic tenor).
Career.
Lutfiyar Imanov started his career in the arts as a teenage actor at the Sabirabad State Drama Theatre. He graduated from the Zeynalli School of Music with a degree in vocal arts in 1957. At the time, he had been working with various Azerbaijani choirs and orchestras. He made his operatic debut in 1957 when he performed in the leading role in Uzeyir Hajibeyov's opera "Koroghlu" in Moscow. Upon graduating, he accepted a job at the Azerbaijan State Theatre of Musical Comedy before switching in 1959 to the Azerbaijan State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre where he worked until his death. In 1962, he was admitted to the six-year program in drama studies at the Azerbaijan State University of Culture and Arts. In 1965 and 1975 respectively, Imanov was an intern at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow and La Scala in Milan. From 1968 onward, he performed leading roles in over 30 operas.
Besides performing, he taught vocal arts, mostly at the Azerbaijan State Conservatoire, but also in music schools in Istanbul and İzmir, Turkey (1991–95). In the 1990s, he toured Iran, Italy, United Kingdom and Germany. His performance was recognised by him being awarded the prestigious title of the People's Artist of the Soviet Union in 1977.
In 1980 and 1985, Lutfiyar Imanov was elected to the Supreme Soviet of Azerbaijan SSR.
some YouTube videos.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfNx3y37rK8&NR=1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUKM3V2lFlY 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3mz_aQOROE

</doc>
<doc id="19755040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755040" title="Lepence">
Lepence

Lepence is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Lepence-Log" to "Lepence" in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19755055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755055" title="Air India Regional destinations">
Air India Regional destinations

Air India Regional operates scheduled services to the following destinations (as of ):

</doc>
<doc id="19755070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755070" title="To the Limit (Whitecross album)">
To the Limit (Whitecross album)

To The Limit is a compilation album from the Christian metal band Whitecross. "It's My Life" and "You're My Lord" are previously unreleased songs. This was Rex Carroll's last album with Whitecross before moving on to King James and a solo record in between. Star Song, 1993. Total Time 51:50.

</doc>
<doc id="19755076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755076" title="Barbara Durham">
Barbara Durham

Barbara M. Durham (October 6, 1942 – December 30, 2002) was the first-ever female chief justice of the Washington Supreme Court. She also was a former federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
Early life and education.
Born in Anacortes, Washington, Durham graduated with a bachelor's degree in finance from Georgetown University. After working for one year at Merrill Lynch, Durham attended Stanford Law School, where she earned a law degree in 1968.
Professional career.
Durham began her legal career as a deputy prosecuting attorney in King County, Washington. She later went into private practice.
Washington state judicial service.
Durham first became a judge in 1973 when she was appointed to the Mercer Island District Court, a part-time job. She was elected a judge on the King County Superior Court in 1977. In 1980, Washington Governor Dixy Lee Ray appointed Durham to the Washington Court of Appeals. In 1985, Governor John Spellman appointed her to the Washington Supreme Court. Durham was chosen as Chief Justice by her peers in 1995. Durham stepped down as Chief Justice in 1998.
"I have a personal bias in favor of judges working their way up through the judicial system, so that when one gets to the higher court, one is familiar with the system, bottom to top," Durham once said. Durham was Washington's first judge to ever serve at all four levels of the state's courts.
Nomination to the Ninth Circuit and withdrawal.
In January 1999, President Bill Clinton nominated Durham to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit that had been vacated by Judge Betty Binns Fletcher taking senior status. The conservative Durham's nomination by a Democratic president was part of a deal brokered between the White House and Washington's senators at the time, Slade Gorton and Patty Murray. Gorton, a Republican, had insisted on Clinton nominating Durham—a conservative judge—to the Ninth Circuit in exchange for clearing the way for Clinton's nominations of three liberals: Ronald M. Gould, Margaret McKeown and William Fletcher. "This is a very happy day for me," Durham said at the time.
In late May 1999, however, Durham abruptly withdrew her name from consideration, citing her husband's heart problems. The seat later was filled by Clinton's appointment of Seattle lawyer Richard Tallman, a Republican recommended by Gorton.
Resignation.
On September 15, 1999, Durham resigned from the Washington Supreme Court more than three years before the end of her term, declining to give any specifics. Durham had had repeated unexplained absences from the court in the months prior to her resignation, and she gave no explanation for them in her resignation letter. Durham had, however, been recovering from eye surgery during the court's spring 1999 term. "The last few years, especially while serving as chief justice, have been taxing and frequently stressful," she wrote in her resignation to Washington Gov. Gary Locke. "Now is the time to take a fresh look at the future." She also told Locke that she was planning to "pursue some other interests related to the law."
After Durham's death, however, it came out that she had been suffering from a variety of medical problems, including early-onset Alzheimer's disease, which were the cause of her absences in her final year on the state supreme court. Durham had applied for and been granted a medical disability retirement. "I don't know how to put this delicately...Things were becoming more difficult for her than they once were," said former state Supreme Court Justice Robert Utter in an article in "The Seattle Times". "She had a special kind of courage."
Death.
A resident of Oak Harbor, Washington, Durham died in Mount Vernon, Washington on December 30, 2002 of kidney failure, a complication from the early-onset Alzheimer's disease that she had been suffering from. Durham was survived by her physician husband, Charles Divelbiss, who after her death set up the Barbara Durham Memorial Fund for Research in Neurodegenerative Diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="19755079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755079" title="Breast Cancer Show Ever">
Breast Cancer Show Ever

"Breast Cancer Show Ever" is the ninth episode of the 12th season of the animated series "South Park", and the 176th episode of the series overall. It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 15, 2008 and on TeenNick on November 11, 2010. In the episode, Cartman's disrespectful behavior puts him on the wrong side of Wendy Testaburger when he mocks her presentation on breast cancer awareness.
The episode was written and directed by series co-founder Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA in the United States.
Plot.
The episode begins with Cartman mocking Wendy's presentation on breast cancer awareness, but Mr. Garrison does little to stop him. After class, Cartman continues to mock her efforts for breast cancer awareness, and Wendy announces she is going to fight Cartman after school which only makes him frightened and reluctant after hearing even the uncool, weak Butters speak out and say that he will be a reject to his peers if he gets beat up by a girl. Cartman tries to call off the fight with quiet apologies (attempting to keep the rest of the school from hearing it and pretending that he is brave and "hardcore", in order to avoid being called a coward), bribery, and desperate claims. When Wendy tells him she will "shove your ass down your throat and make you eat your underwear!" he painfully chokes down his underwear in an attempt to appease her, but this only disgusts and angers her as she sees what little self-respect Cartman has.
Cartman tries to convince Stan to talk Wendy out of it, but Stan does not believe he can do anything to stop her. Desperate to avoid the fight, Cartman defecates on Mr. Garrison's desk, causing him to be put in detention. Butters, Craig and Jimmy tell him there are rumors that he deliberately got detention to avoid the fight, and that they rescheduled the fight for the following morning before school.
Later, Cartman has his mother convince Wendy's parents not to let her fight him by pretending to be tormented and bullied by her at school, and she reluctantly gives in. Much to Wendy's shock, instead of letting up, Cartman merely continues to taunt her, taking advantage of the fact that she can no longer fight back lest her parents find out, and the other students start to follow his example. When Cartman gives a mock presentation on breast cancer in class to rub her face in his victory, she nearly fights him but is called to Principal Victoria's office. Much to Wendy's surprise, Principal Victoria commends Wendy for all the things she's done to spread awareness of breast cancer, and explains that she is a breast cancer survivor herself. She indirectly (but deliberately) compares Cartman to a cancer, telling Wendy that "Cancer does not play by the rules", that it is "a fat little lump that needs to be destroyed," and "you refuse to let that fat little lump make you feel powerless." Wendy realises that Cartman will never stop of his own volition, and also that she has Principal Victoria's support.
Wendy finally meets Cartman on the playground for the fight, and although Cartman briefly gains the upper hand, Wendy ultimately emerges victorious with only a few bruises, while leaving Cartman bruised, bloody, and missing some of his teeth. The other students cheer her, and Cartman further lowers himself by not even taking the beating with any kind of dignity, bursting pathetically into tears in front of everybody. He declares that his friends will not find him cool any more, but they tell him they never thought of him as cool, and have always hated him and always will, stating that they cannot possibly think any lower of him. Cartman takes this to mean that they are pretending to not have a different opinion about him in order to make him feel better; reasoning that if they are trying to make him feel better, they do not care if he got beat up by a girl (and reminding viewers that Cartman as a sociopath doesn't particularly care if people like him or not; merely that they see him as superior). He walks away happy, leaving the others confused by his bizarre logic.
Cultural references.
The plot of the episode is loosely based on the films "Three O'Clock High", and "There Will Be Blood". The fight scene is also based on that of "Snatch".
Literary references.
While Cartman awaits the fight in class, Mr. Garrison says, "So you see, at this point Euripides knew he could not win the battle", referencing "The Frogs", a comedic play by Aristophanes where the Greek tragedians Aeschylus and Euripides are measured against one another, the better to be revived so he can "educate the thoughtless" and rid Athens of evil politicians that are ruining the city (1500–1502, The Frogs).
Reception.
The episode received mostly positive reviews. "The A.V. Club" graded the episode a B+, stating "All in all, not the most ambitious episode, but that actually worked in its favor: Outside of Wendy's crib from "There Will Be Blood" at the end, it could have been broadcast 10 years ago and worked, and I also have a feeling it will still be funny 10 years from now since it wasn't crammed with instantly dated references".
IGN gave the episode an 8.2/10 rating, stating "While this is a fun sequence, and a nice bit of observation, the episode does seem somewhat anticlimactic. It's amusing that Cartman thinks he somehow achieved something when he finds out the kids always thought he sucked and their opinion of him 'couldn't possibly be any lower'. Massive self delusion is part of Cartman's 'charm'. But the episode is unusually focused for South Park and once the fight is over there's a sense (perhaps intentionally?) of 'that's it?' It's not one of the best episodes ever, but it's a solid old-school installment that offers up some truly great moments – many of them quintessential Cartman. Which is always fun to watch".

</doc>
<doc id="19755080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755080" title="Olivia Dunham">
Olivia Dunham

Olivia Dunham is a fictional character from the science fiction television series "Fringe", which aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company in the United States from 2008 to 2013. The character was created by series' co-creator J. J. Abrams, and is portrayed by actress Anna Torv. Olivia is the series' protagonist, and was introduced as an FBI Special Agent, working for a multi-agency task force of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security called the Fringe Division, dealing with supernatural events that are linked to experimental occurrences. Having grown up with an abusive stepfather, Olivia struggles with the unexpected changes in her life, following her encounter with mentally unstable scientist Walter Bishop, and his son and an eventual love interest for her, Peter Bishop.
Olivia's perspectives and inner feelings very often serve as the focal points for episodes of the series that directly focus on her development as a human being and a member of the law enforcement community. Critically acclaimed for an evolving storyline, Olivia has highlighted determination and focus as her main traits, according to Abrams. Following a plot line in the second season, viewers are introduced to Olivia's doppelgänger from the parallel universe, which develops an alternate reality for each character. Torv has received several awards for her portrayal of Olivia.
Arc.
Olivia is a 29-year-old FBI Special Agent assigned to a multi-agency task force of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security called the Fringe Division, after her partner and lover, John Scott, is exposed to a flesh-dissolving agent. Both Agent Broyles and Nina Sharp consider her to have much potential and talent, the latter even hoping to bring her on as an employee of Massive Dynamic. An experiment by Dr. Bishop to link her to the dying John Scott's mind in order to learn what he knew about his condition results in Olivia gaining part of his consciousness, causing her mind to begin integrating and purging the foreign consciousness. This results in Olivia mistaking John Scott's memories for her own. With help from Walter, Olivia finds a way to communicate with John within her own mind, eventually allowing the memories to fade completely.
Olivia is revealed to be linked to the drug Cortexiphan, a chemical developed by William Bell, which supposedly allows children injected with it to retain higher brain functions which would normally deteriorate with age. Olivia was one of a group of preschool-age children who served as subjects of the experiment in her childhood home of Jacksonville, Florida. As a result, Olivia is capable of unspecified psychic abilities, as demonstrated when she shuts off a series of lights wired into a bomb as a kill switch simply by thinking it. Walter has a video of Olivia as a child, ostensibly recorded during the drug trials, which shows her curled up in the corner of the room next to a badly charred bed with Walter saying: "It's all right, you didn't mean it." We later learn that Olivia started the fire with her mind. Olivia also had the ability to discern if an object originated in the alternate dimension due to a "glimmer" that only she could see. When trying to reawaken this ability in her as an adult, Dr. Bishop hypothesized that this ability was partially derived from Olivia's fear about seeing into the alternate dimension. When Olivia regains part of her memories of her meeting with Bell, she is told that she is the only successful subject suitable to pass through dimensions without many known negative side-effects. She has been called the guardian of the gateway by Bell, who will prevent the invasion by the alternate dimension.
Olivia is given permission by Nina Sharp to meet William Bell, who currently resides in another dimension, with his office in the World Trade Center's South Tower. Having left her universe moving at a high speed, she returns at the same speed, crashing through the windshield of her now stationary car, leaving her in an almost fatal condition. She ends up in a short coma and wakes up in an incoherent state and in shock. Olivia apparently loses her memories of her meeting with Bell and whatever information he may have told her. She regains part of those memories and learns more about the invasion between dimensions. Following the transition to an alternate reality, Olivia meets her doppelganger "Fauxlivia", and ultimately shares a kiss with Peter Bishop. She is trapped in the alternate universe by Walternate, Walter's alternative self, while Fauxlivia replaces her in the prime universe. Olivia tries to escape her imprisonment and travel back to her own universe. She is captured and drugged, brainwashed into believing that she is the alternate Olivia, complete with traits such as superb marksmanship skills which prime-universe Olivia did not possess. It is revealed that the alternate Walter plans to use Olivia's Cortexiphan-derived abilities to find a way to safely cross universes, for which he needs her willing assistance. However, Olivia begins to regain her past memories after she has hallucinations of Peter Bishop, who comes to her in a vision and tells her that she doesn't belong there before kissing her. With the help of the alternate universe's Agent Broyles, she is able to escape from custody and make it to alternate Walter's Harvard lab, where she uses the tank to return to her own universe. Meanwhile, Peter realizes that he is with alternate Olivia, causing her to flee and return to her own universe as well. After returning to work, Olivia is dismayed to discover that Peter had become intimate with her doppelganger.
Development.
Casting.
After looking at many auditions "well past the 12th hour" for the role of Olivia Dunham, Australian actress Anna Torv was selected for the part. Casting director April Webster commented, "What we were looking for in Olivia was a woman who was believable as a FBI agent but yet had some vulnerability. And definitely had depth and a history behind her eyes." Not having seen Torv before, they came across an audition tape of hers for another movie, and were "immediately intrigued". Executive producer Bryan Burk later said "there was just something really special about her and really smart". Webster called a friend in Australia, and were able to arrange an audition with Torv, who was camping in the Outback at the time she received the call from her agent. Torv read for a few scenes over the Internet, and was told the following day that she had won the role, embarking for Toronto soon after to begin shooting. One later called her casting "the miracle of the whole thing". Production team member Alex Graves commented on Torv's casting:
Characterization.
The character of Olivia has been described as "an incredibly driven, incredibly brilliant agent with her own complicated past that will be peelback over time." She is a loner and dedicates almost all of her time to her work. She has a strong sense of justice, which drives her to solve a case by any means necessary. It is this quality which both impresses and irritates Broyles, as it makes her a good agent but also makes her prone to biting off more than she can chew when it comes to pursuing suspects. Olivia had an abusive stepfather, and shot him several times in defense of her mother and herself. She was unable to finish him off, and so he recovered and disappeared, leaving her to blame herself for not exacting retribution against him, contributing to her determination to bring criminals to justice. She was nine years old when she shot her stepfather, and she states in an earlier episode that she knew what she wanted to do for a career "pretty much since [she was nine", indicating a direct link between the childhood abuse and her job.
Fauxlivia has many different characteristics than Olivia. Anna Torv described the two as "remarkably alike. They have subtle differences, but they're both fighting for their causes. I think each of them sees things in the other they'd like to have. I think Olivia would like to not feel everything is her responsibility. She'd like to go home and let someone else shoulder that burden of saving the world for a few minutes." In the reset timeline for the series' fourth season, Torv explained that "The Olivia we meet and know has known about Fringe Division and had all this time to get used to it and work out that this is her life," rather than becoming familiar with it after the attack on John Scott. Consequently, "when Lincoln comes in, she’s a little more open to him she was with Peter and working with someone again."
Olivia has few close relationships. She has little family, as her mother died when she was in her early teenage years. Olivia's is close to her sister Rachel, and Rachel's daughter Ella. Olivia was involved in a serious relationship with fellow FBI agent John Scott, and his supposed betrayal and death was something she dealt with for much of the first season. In the second season finale, Olivia and Peter Bishop finally admit their feelings for each other and kiss. Fauxlivia was involved in a serious relationship with Frank Stanton and eventually became engaged, but the two broke up when he discovered she was pregnant by Peter. Olivia was in a relationship with Peter after they mended things in episode 6B But shortly after that Peter built a bridge wiping himself from existence, causing Olivia to forget who he was. But through the cortexiphan and the power of their love, she soon remembered her life with him. They were married and have a daughter. In episodes 4.19 Letters of Transit and 5.1 Transilience Thought Unifier Model-11, their daughter finds them and reunites them.
Reception.
Reviews of Anna Torv's performance were mixed in the first season. In his review of the pilot episode for "New York", John Leonarwas found Torv "wonderfully played" her character. IGN's Travis Fickett agreed, calling Torv's early work on "Fringe" "very good" as she "brings a unique presence to the show." MSNBC was equally praiseworthy of Torv and her character, writing "Olivia is the soul of the show — two-fisted and defiant, yet vulnerable. Torv knows how to convey authenticity, even in the midst of an outrageous scene. And sporting sensible pantsuits and just a hint of makeup, she makes Olivia a plausibly gorgeous pro, not a crime-busting tootsie." Conversely, SFScope columnist Sarah Stegall believed Torv's early performance to be "downright wooden", while others criticized the actress and character for being "cold and distant." "The New York Observer" found her to be the one weak link of the main cast, criticizing Torv for her accent and for showing "less emotion than a piece of plywood."
In a response to some early negative reactions to the actress' performance, Jon Lachonis noted in a review of the first season's seventh episode that "Anna Torv, whose chill portrayal of FBI agent and Pattern investigator Olivia Dunham has come under fire for being too wooden, seems to have reinvented her character to answer the critics. The good news is, Anna's new and more animated Olivia isn't really a departure so much as it is a character who seems to have had a catharsis. She is comfortable in her skin now, and the stillness is pulled back in favor of more humanity. Of course, it is helpful that she reunites with an old beau in this episode - if there is one thing "Fringe" is totally lacking it is sexual tension." Executive producers Jeff Pinkner and J.H. Wyman defended Torv's early "Fringe" work in a 2011 interview, explaining the character was designed to be "bland, because of her conditioning as a child and everything she's been through. Now, one can argue that maybe that wasn't the best way for us to introduce the main character, but there was a purpose. So Anna had to listen to all these people saying 'She's really doing nothing,' when really it was "our" issue. We didn't write anything for her because... well, now you know why. But at the time, people were like, 'Wow, this girl really is not much,' which is so not true. Anna was just so professional, and so great. She did it with excellence, and now she's really getting the chance to show people, 'Hey, I'm a really hard worker and a terrific actor.' We're so thankful that people can start to see her for who she really is. Midway through the second season, Sarah Stegall from SFScope believed Torv "had the most progress and the most satisfying development" of all the main actors, stating she "is now carrying this role with grace and strength". Stegall partly attributed the growth of the actor and character to her recovery early in the second season, the introduction of a sister and niece, the removal of John Scott from her storyline, and the "delicate, reserved flirtation" with Peter.
Torv's double duty as Olivia and Fauxlivia late in the second season and throughout the third season received almost universal critical acclaim. "TV Guide" called it one of the best performances of the year, explaining "Switching Olivia with her alternate-universe self... jump-started the show's interpersonal dynamics — and changed the way we look at Torv. Her take on added many new colors to the characters, including malice, humor and sensuality. In a 2010 list, "Time Magazine"s James Poniewozik called Torv's performance one of television's best of the year. He explained, "... in the dual role of Olivia/Fauxlivia, Torv absolutely came into her own this year. While some credit goes to the writing, it was Torv's shaded performance that sold Olivia's alternate-universe twin as an actual separate person—not just a cartoon villain version of the original, but a real person, a little more assertive and confident, and just a touch rapacious. Meanwhile, she convincingly portrayed the trauma and confusion of her captured-then-returned Olivia, whose emotional (and complicated) reunion with Peter made an outlandish situation real and moving."
Dunham was named one of TV's Smartest Detectives by AOL TV. She was listed in AfterEllen.com's Top 50 Favorite Female TV Characters.
Accolades.
Anna Torv has both been nominated and won a number of international awards. At the 2009 Australians in Film Awards, Torv won the Breakthrough Award. She received a nomination at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards for Breakout Star Female, but lost to Demi Lovato. Torv received three nominations at the Teen Choice Awards for Choice TV Actress: Fantasy/Sci-Fi in 2010, 2011, and 2012. At the Saturn Awards, Torv has been nominated each year for her performance during the first four seasons of the series, ultimately being awarded at the 2010, 2011, and 2012 ceremonies, becoming the only actress to win three consecutive awards in that specific category for a television series. In 2011, for her work in the third season, Torv was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Lead Actress in a Drama Series at the 1st Critics' Choice Television Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19755083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755083" title="By Demand">
By Demand

By Demand is a compilation album from the Christian metal band Whitecross. Release Date: 23 May 1995 by Star Song (UPC:724382005926).

</doc>
<doc id="19755084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755084" title="List of shopping malls in Oregon">
List of shopping malls in Oregon

This is an incomplete list of currently existing shopping centers and malls in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Portland metro area.
Shopping centers in the Portland metropolitan area:
Willamette Valley.
Shopping centers in the Willamette Valley (excludes those in the Portland area):

</doc>
<doc id="19755122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755122" title="Kung Yee Medical School and Hospital">
Kung Yee Medical School and Hospital

The Kung Yee Medical School and Hospital in Guangzhou (then called Canton), China was founded in 1908.
Its hospital building with 60 beds was completed in 1911.
Unlike many missionary-sponsored institutions of the time, its directors were all Chinese, and only 4 of the 24 members of the faculty were not Chinese. As of 1913, there were 122 male and 37 female students.
Dr. Li Shu Fan was the head of Kung Yee from 1923-1924.
In 1925, the Kung Yee institutions were taken over by the government and became the Medical Department of the 1st Chung Shan University, which became the Sun Yat-sen University Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="19755146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755146" title="Mega 3 Collection">
Mega 3 Collection

Mega 3 Collection is a 3-disc compilation set from the Christian metal band Whitecross. It combines the albums "One More Encore", "Equilibrium", and "Unveiled" into this one set. Light Records, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19755162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755162" title="Expulsion of the Moriscos">
Expulsion of the Moriscos

On April 9, 1609, King Philip III of Spain decreed the Expulsion of the Moriscos (, ). The Moriscos were the descendants of the Muslim population that converted to Christianity under threat of exile from Ferdinand and Isabella in 1502. From 1609 through 1614, the Spanish government systematically forced Moriscos to leave the kingdom for Muslim North Africa. 
They were only allowed to keep possessions they could carry; the rest, including their property, was impounded. The expulsion especially affected the Kingdom of Valencia and the Kingdom of Aragon, harming their economies for generations. If they were caught taking any gold, silver, or any other forbidden item out of Spain they were subject to the penalty of death, and forfeiture of all their goods.
Background.
Suspicions and tensions between the Moriscos and the Christians had been high for some time. While some Moriscos did hold influence and power, and they had some allies such as the nobility of Valencia and Aragon who depended on them as a cheap labor force, their overall political and economic heft in Spain was low. The Christian population constantly suspected the Moriscos of not being sincere in their Christianity. As the Moriscos had been forced to choose between conversion and exile, many indeed held little loyalty to either the crown or the church. 
Several revolts broke out, the most notable being the 1568–1573 revolt against an edict of Phillip II's banning Arabic, Arabic names, and requiring Moriscos to give up their children to be educated by priests. After the suppression of the revolt, Philip ordered the dispersal of the Moriscos of Granada to other areas. Philip expected that this would break down the Morisco community and facilitate their assimilation into the Christian population. This may have happened to a degree to Granada's Moriscos, but not in Valencia or Aragon, where genuine crypto-Muslim enclaves still existed.
At around the same time, Spain recognized the loss of more than half of its holdings in the Low Countries to the Protestant Dutch Republic. The ruling class already thought of Spain as the defender of Catholic Christendom, and this defeat helped lead to a radicalization of thinking and a desire to strike a blow to regain Spain's honor. Some critiques of Spain from Protestant countries included insults of the Spanish as corrupted by the Muslims and crypto-Muslims amongst them, which some of the nobility may have taken personally.
The situation further deteriorated in the early 17th century. A recession struck in 1604 as the amount of gold and treasure Spain's American holdings fell. The reduction in the standard of living led to increased tension between the Christians and the Moriscos for precious jobs.
Attitudes toward the Moriscos by region.
In 1609, there were approximately 325,000 Moriscos in Spain out of a total population of 8.5 million (3.8%). They were concentrated in the former kingdoms of Aragon, where they constituted 20% of the population, and the Valencia area specifically, where they were 33% of the total population. In addition, the Moorish population growth was somewhat higher than that of the Christian population; in Valencia, the Morisco population had an estimated 69.7% growth rate compared to 44.7% for the Old Christians. The rich and those who lived in the cities were mostly Christians, while the Moriscos occupied the outlying countryside and the poor suburbs of the cities.
In the kingdom of Castile, the situation was very different: of Castile's 6 million people, only around 100,000 were Moriscos (1.6%). The Moriscos in Castile consisted of two groups: the Mudejar Christian group, which had long since merged with the mainstrain society, and the Moriscos from Granada, who had been dispersed into small, scattered groups by the government after the upsrising in the Alpujuras of Granada. Castile experienced only half-hearted efforts at identifying and expelling them. The expulsion was slower and a far less thorough process than in the Kingdom of Aragon and particularly Valencia.
There was practically universal agreement in Spain that Islam was a threat that should be crushed. However, it was not clear how that should apply to the Moriscos, who were officially Christian. Some clerics such as Fray Luis de Aliaga, a royal councilor, supported giving time to the Moriscos to assimilate and become full Christians. This option was lightly supported by the Catholic Church in Rome, too. The most dedicated defenders of the Moriscos were the Valencian and Aragonese nobility, as their self-interest was involved. These nobles benefited the most from the poor and cheap workforce that the Moriscos provided.
Opposing this view were a variety of notables and classes of people. Clerics against Aliaga included Jaime Bleda, the most prominent member of the Inquisition in Valencia. Bleda made several early proposals to King Philip III to banish or otherwise end the Morisco problem; he even recommended genocide. At first, these entreaties were without success. In 1596 the Duke of Lerma, King Philip III's chief financial officer, accused the Moriscos of collaboration with the Muslim Barbary pirates, a charge that had dogged them for years. Still, while many in the population held to this, others considered that this threat had long since passed. The Council of Aragon, in opposing any punitive measures, wrote that even if they wished to betray Spain, the Moriscos were in no position to do so "for they possess no arms, nor supplies, nor fortified positions, nor a base for the Turkish fleet." Nothing came of it at the time, but the Duke of Lerma continued his antipathy toward the Moriscos. 
Among the populace itself, the Valencian peasantry had the most interest in the matter. They viewed the Moriscos with resentment and considered them economic and social rivals. This had bubbled over before in 1520, when in the Revolt of the Brotherhoods, the citizenry of Valencia revolted against not only their nobles but also the Muslim mudéjars. The rebels killed many, and forced the mass baptism and conversion of the remainder of the Muslim population, which had created the Moriscos of Valencia.
Edict and expulsion.
The Duke of Lerma eventually convinced King Philip III with the help of the Archbishop of Valencia, Juan de Ribera, who considered the Moriscos as universally heretics and traitors. The archbishop added an idea to make the plan more persuasive to the king: the king could confiscate the assets and properties of the Moorish population, thereby providing a dramatic one-time boost to the royal coffers. Ribera also encouraged the king to enslave the Moriscos for work in galleys, mines, and abroad as he could do so "without any scruples of conscience," but this proposal was rejected.
On April 9, 1609, the edict was signed to expel the Moriscos. The government knew that exiling so many would be problematic. It was decided to start with Valencia, where the Morisco population was greatest. Preparations were taken in the strictest secrecy. Starting in September, tercio battalions arrived from Italy. They took up positions in the main ports of Valencia: Alfaques, Dénia, and Alicante. On September 22, the viceroy ordered the publication of the decree. The Valencian aristocracy met with the government to protest the expulsion, as losing their workers would ruin their agricultural incomes. The government offered some of the confiscated property and territory of the Moriscos to them in exchange, but this didn't come close to compensating for the loss. The Moriscos would be allowed to take anything that could carry, but their homes and land would pass into the hands of their masters. Burning or other destruction of their homes before the transfer was prohibited on pain of death. 
Certain exceptions were granted: 6 families out of every 100 would be allowed to stay behind and maintain the infrastructure of towns that had been predominantly Morisco-inhabited. Very few took advantage of this, considering that it was thought likely that they'd be exiled anyway later. Additionally, the exile was optional for children less than 4 years old. This was later expanded to 16 years of age. Archbishop Ribera strongly opposed this part of the measure; he lobbied that at the very least the children should be separated from their parents, enslaved, and Christianized "for the good of their souls."
On September 30, the first of the exiles were taken to the ports, where, as a last insult, they were forced to pay their own fare for the trip. The Moriscos were transported to North Africa, where at times they were attacked as invaders by the people of the recipient countries. Other times, small revolts broke out on the ships, causing some of the exiles to be slain in battle with the crew. This caused fears in the Morisco population remaining in Valencia, and on October 20 there was a rebellion against the expulsion. The rebels numbered 6,000 and held the remote valley of Ayora and Muela de Cortes. Five days later, a new rebellion broke out on the southern coast, with 15,000 rebels holding the Valley of Lugar. 
The rebels were defeated by November. In only three months, 116,000 Moriscos had been transported to North Africa from Valencia. The start of 1610 saw the expulsion of the Moriscos of Aragon (the specific area of Aragon, not all the lands of the old Crown of Aragon). 41,952 were sent to North Africa via Alfaques, and 13,470 were sent over the Pyrenees Mountains to France. The exasperated French sent most of them to the port of Agde, and those who took the land route were charged both the transit fee and the sea fare. In September, the Moriscos of Catalonia were exiled. Andalusia exiled some 32,000 Moriscos as well.
The expulsion of the Moriscos of Castile was the most difficult task, since they were dispersed across the land after being broken in 1571 by the rebellion rather than being concentrated in any one place. Because of this, the Moriscos were given a first option of voluntary departure, where they could take their most valuable possessions and anything else that might sell. Thus, in Castile the expulsion lasted three years, from 1611 to 1614. Perhaps 32,000 Moriscos left in total. Some even managed to evade expulsion and stayed in Spain; it is estimated that perhaps 10,000 Moriscos remained in Spain after the expulsion was officially completed, mostly in Castile.
The expulsion was impressively well-run. The state had kept careful catalogs of the status of its residents, and the bureaucracy functioned efficiently to channel such a huge number of people out of the country over a short period of time.
Consequences.
The Council of Castile evaluated the expulsion in 1619 and concluded that it had no economic impact for the country. This was basically true for Castile, as some scholars of the expulsion have found no economic consequences on sectors where the Morisco population was important. However, in the Kingdom of Valencia, fields were abandoned and a vacuum was left in sectors of the economy the Christians could not possibly fill. With the removal by 33% of the inhabitants of the Kingdom of Valencia, some counties in the north of Alicante lost virtually their entire population. The infrastructure decayed, and the Christian nobles and landlords fell into arrears. Strapped for cash, many of the Valencian nobles increased rents on their Christian tenants to get even close to their previous income. The increase in rents drove off any new tenants from coming to replace them, and as a result agricultural output in Valencia dropped tremendously.
The expulsion of 4% of the population may seem minor, but it should be noted that the Morisco population was a larger part of the civilian workforce than their numbers would make seem. Practically no Moriscos were trusted to be noblemen, soldiers, or priests. This meant that there was a noticeable decline in tax collection, and the most affected areas (Valencia and Aragon) were economically damaged for decades.
The expulsion was a crippling blow not just to the economies of Aragon and Valencia, but also the power of their nobles. The former Crown of Aragon had been in the shadow of the richer and more populous Crown of Castile for some time, but with this, their stature dropped still further. Of the Eastern Kingdoms themselves, the Catalonian nobles now rose to prominence, their incomes far less affected. Thus the expulsion helped shift power away from its traditional centers in Valencia and Aragon to Catalonia.
According to Professor Dwight Reynolds "perhaps the most shocking thing in the expulsion is they were not actually expelling Arabs nor were they expelling Berbers. The huge majority of the people that were being expelled, by blood, by DNA if you will, were as Iberian as their Christian cousins in the North who were kicking them out of Peninsula".
In reaction to the policy of Spain to facilitate access to Spanish citizenship by descendants of the Jews who were expelled from Spain, there has been demand from Muslims to apply a similar policy to the descendants of the "Moriscos". In 2006 this demand received support from the parliament of Andalusia but has not gained broader support. Supporters consider the cases of the Muslims and Jews to be parallel; opponents argue that the Muslims were colonial oppressors while the Jews had a long history in Spain and were not part of the colonial power, so that, while the expulsion of the Jews was a matter of bigotry, the expulsion of the Muslims was a matter of decolonization. Other factors are the belief that while only small numbers of Jews would immigrate, large numbers of Muslims would, and that it is difficult accurately to identify Muslims whose ancestors were expelled from Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19755176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755176" title="Supply chain attack">
Supply chain attack

A supply chain attack is a cryptographic attack where a product, typically a device that performs encryption or secure transactions, is tampered with during manufacture or while it is still in the supply chain by persons with physical access. The tampering may, for example, install a rootkit or hardware-based spying components.
Description.
In October 2008, Dr Joel Brenner of National Counterintelligence Executive warned that Chip and PIN credit card readers used at point of sale in Europe had been tampered with either where they were manufactured or while in transit to financial institutions. Credit card information intercepted by the rogue devices was being relayed back to criminals via the mobile phone network.
According to MasterCard, the easiest way to identify devices that have been tampered with is to weigh them, as the rogue devices weigh more than the authentic ones because of the addition of hardware-based spy components.

</doc>
<doc id="19755183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755183" title="Lu Xiaofeng">
Lu Xiaofeng

Lu Xiaofeng is the fictional protagonist of the "wuxia" novel series "Lu Xiaofeng Series" (陸小鳳系列) by Gu Long.
Character description.
Lu is best identified by his distinctive "Four Eyebrows" (), as he sports two strands of moustache that resemble his eyebrows, making him seem as though he has four eyebrows. He is described as a good-looking and attractive figure to many female admirers in the novels. He is an alcoholic, a flirt and a regular brothel visitor.
Lu's true personality and abilities are actually hidden behind his image of a flirt and alcoholic. He is extremely intelligent and observant like a fox, although it may not seem obvious, which enables him to solve the several mysteries in the series. His wit and cunning has also helped him escape from danger, often turning the tables on his enemies unexpectedly when he is apparently on the losing end. Lu also values friendship and often risks his own life to help his friends when needed.
Lu is best known for his 'Lingxi Finger' (), which allows him to catch and hold enemies' weapons between his fingers. He does not really use any particular weapon and often relies on his bare hands to fight enemies, even when he is being surrounded. Lu is a "qinggong" expert as well, and although Gu Long did not state explicitly Lu's "qinggong" capability in comparison with other characters, Lu is one of the top ten "qinggong" exponents in the series.
Novels.
Lu Xiaofeng Chuanqi.
The mysterious sect Qingyilou () stirs up some bloodshed in the "jianghu" after its sudden appearance. Lu's curiosity spurs him to investigate the case and he meets Princess Fengdan of the Kingdom of the Golden Bird () in the western regions. The princess requests for his help on behalf of her father, the king, who is seeking revenge on three traitors. The three traitors have changed their identities and are currently the wealthiest and most powerful martial artists in the "jianghu". Lu is aware that he is unable to complete the mission alone so he recruits Hua Manlou and Ximen Chuixue to help him. They defeat the three traitors after encountering danger numerous times, but the case is still not over yet. Hua Manlou and Princess Fengdan go missing later and Lu discovers that the king is actually an impostor. On the brink of imminent danger, Lu manages to reverse the situation unexpectedly and succeeds in solving the mystery.
Xiuhua Dadao.
A mysterious brigand known as the "Embroidery Bandit" is suspected of having robbed the Zhenyuan Escort Agency 800,000 worth of gold and having broken into a prince's residence. The authorities send the constable Jin Jiuling to investigate the case and arrest the bandit. Jin Jiuling seeks Lu's help to crack the mystery within eight days. Together with Sikong Zhaixing, Xue Bing and the Serpent King, Lu succeeds in luring the bandit into a trap, and the bandit unsuspectingly reveals himself to be Jin Jiuling. Lu defeats Jin after a fight and retrieves the stolen gold.
Juezhan Qianhou.
Ximen Chuixue and Ye Gucheng, the best swordsmen in the "jianghu", arrange for a duel at the highest rooftop of the Forbidden City on the night of the full moon. News of the event spread like wildfire, which becomes a current topic of interest as many martial artists gather in the capital to watch the duel and wager among themselves on the eventual outcome. Before the duel, however, Ximen disappears mysteriously and Ye is wounded. Lu is worried for his friends and he investigates the issue. Li Yanbei and Master Tortoise, Lu Xiaofeng's acquaintances, are murdered and Lu's love interest Ouyang Qing is mysteriously poisoned. Lu has no clue to the identity of the perpetrator and believes that the duel is actually a mask for something sinister. Ye Gucheng is eventually revealed to be the mastermind behind an assassination plot on the emperor and he is stopped by Lu and Ximen Chuixue. The duel still proceeds as planned and Ximen emerges victorious by slaying Ye.
Yin'gou Dufang.
The son of the Demonic Cult's () leader is murdered and Lanhuzi, the owner of the Silver Hook Gambling House (), frames Lu for it. Lanhuzi promises to help Lu clear his name on the condition that Lu helps him find his ex-wife Li Xia, and the Rakshasa Tablet (), the cult's sacred artefact. Lu recovers the tablet but finds it to be a fake one, and the real one is with Lanhuzi. In fact, Lanhuzi had used Lu to divert the cult's attention so he can take control of the cult with the tablet. Lu defeats Lanhuzi and returns the tablet to its rightful owner.
Youling Shanzhuang.
Lu had apparently molested Ximen Chuixue's wife and incurred the wrath of Ximen, who has been pursuing and trying to kill him. To avoid Ximen, Lu seeks refuge in the sinister Phantoms' Mountain Manor under its master Laodao Bazi. Laodao Bazi is planning an "Operation Thunder" () to eliminate four of his rivals and obtain a notebook that records the secrets of the "jianghu". The book is concealed inside the hat of the Wudang Sect's leader. Lu foils and exposes Laodao Bazi's evil plans, unveiling Laodao Bazi's true identity as Taoist Mu, an elder of Wudang. In fact, Lu and Ximen Chuixue had staged the hunt-and-kill incident to trick Laodao Bazi so that Lu can infiltrate the manor and disrupt the operation.
Fengwu Jiutian.
A large amount of gold belonging to a prince has been robbed during its delivery and the 109 escorts have gone missing as well. Lu is roaming the land freely when his help is much needed. He meets Yue Yang and Niuroutang, martial artists in disguise, and he follows them on board a ship secretly. He is shipwrecked during a storm and cast onto a desolate island. While exploring his surroundings, Lu discovers that the island is home to a group of martial artists and the missing people are held captive there by a man named Gong Jiu. He also meets a mysterious maiden called Sha Man and falls in love with her. Lu escapes with Sha Man and Gong Jiu spreads rumours in the "jianghu", framing Lu for the crime and forcing Lu into hiding. Lu enlists the help of Ximen Chuixue and through a series of investigations, they confirm that Gong Jiu is actually the mastermind behind the robbery. Lu confronts Gong Jiu and fights him. He unleashes his legendary power, the 'Phoenix Dances in the Nine Heavens', and defeats Gong Jiu.
Jianshen Yixiao.
Ximen Chuixue seeks Lu's help in finding Liu Chengfeng of the Mount Ba Sword Sect (). Lu travels to a town at the desert border and finds Liu Chengfeng, but the latter is already dead. Lu realises that the town is full of lurking dangers and tracks the murderer of Liu Chengfeng to a former imperial consort called Gong Susu. Lu also finds hidden treasure in the desert after a series of adventures. However, the martial artists hiding in town followed him secretly and Lu is stabbed after finding the treasure. At that moment, Ximen Chuixue arrives and reveals that Lu is still alive and they had actually set a trap for the villains. All the enemies are killed and the heroes leave in triumph. For the first time ever, the cold and unfeeling Ximen Chuixue laughs at the end of the novel.
Adaptations.
Others.
"Luk Siu-fung" () is also the title of the theme song of Part 1 of the 1976 Hong Kong television series. It was composed by Joseph Koo, lyrics provided by Wong Jim, and sung by Adam Cheng in Cantonese.

</doc>
<doc id="19755195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755195" title="Shining Force Feather">
Shining Force Feather

Gameplay.
Shining Force Feather features a turn-based strategic battle system with an overhead perspective. Once an enemy is selected for attack, the game switches to a side perspective. This phase takes place in real time, as the player presses buttons to activate various attacks. In addition to solo attacks, the battle system will allow players to team up their forces for combination attacks.
Plot.
3,000 Years ago, a war between the Shining Force warriors and enemy forces known as the Kyomu plunged the world into chaos. That war is remembered primarily in items known as artifacts, which were sealed away after the war. 3,000 years later, a young Treasure Hunter named Jin and his friend Bail discover a hidden ruin where a lost artifact is found and accidentally awaken an android girl named Alfin. A new adventure in search for lost artifacts has just begun.

</doc>
<doc id="19755208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755208" title="Shamss Ensemble">
Shamss Ensemble

The Shamss Ensemble is a musical group that performs traditional Sufi and classical Iranian music with the tanboor, Daf (frame drum), Ney and various other percussion instruments. The group was founded by composer Kaykhosro Pournazeri.
History.
Pournazeri formed the Shamss Ensemble with a vision of bringing back the lost art of tanboor through compositions that fused the tanboor with other traditional classical mode instruments.
He invited fellow musicians who were familiar playing such classical pieces, they eventually became a popular musical ensemble in Iran. Initially, the group performed under the name of Tanboor-e-Shams, but adding traditional and Kurdish music to their performances, they took the name of the Shamss Ensemble.
The Shamss Ensemble has performed at over 300 international venues and was on tour in the United States in 2008 during the month of October.
Performers.
Over the years, there have been more than fifty players and singers, the majority of whom were Pournazeri's students. After the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran, women were banned from performing solo in front of men—that includes singing or playing any instruments. Only recently, women have been included as vocalists and players of the tanbour. Currently, the Shamss Ensemble has 15 players.
See also.
Music of Iran

</doc>
<doc id="19755220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755220" title="Log v Bohinju">
Log v Bohinju

Log v Bohinju () is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19755229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755229" title="Dédé (1989 film)">
Dédé (1989 film)

Dédé is a 1989 French film by Jean-Louis Benoît.

</doc>
<doc id="19755246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755246" title="Salt in the American Civil War">
Salt in the American Civil War

Salt played a role during the Civil War. Salt not only preserved food in the days before refrigeration, but was also vital in the curing of leather. Union general William Tecumseh Sherman once said that "salt is eminently contraband", as an army that has salt can adequately feed its men.
The most important saltworks for the Confederacy were at Saltville, Virginia. In late 1864, the Union army twice advanced to capture the saltworks, as it was the last prominent source of salt for the eastern Confederate states. The October 1864 Battle of Saltville I saw the Confederate able to repulse the charge, but the next December in the Battle of Saltville II Union forces under George Stoneman managed to destroy the vital saltworks. Two months later the salt works were back to work for the Confederacy, although the destroyed railroad system around the area hampered its distribution. 
In Georgia, the price of salt depended on one's family circumstances. Heads of families could purchase a half-bushel of salt for $2.50. If a widow had a son in the Confederate army, the price was only $1.00. But if the widow's husband served his nation, the price was free. Local court clerks sent the salt requests to the state government, which in turn allotted the salt to the counties as requested.
Some scholars contend that Florida's greatest contribution to the Confederate war effort was in producing salt. With a total investment of $10 million, Floridian salt plants worked 24 hours a day boiling salt from sea water, mostly in the area between Saint Andrews Bay and St. Marks, Florida. Occasionally, Union forces came ashore just to destroy the boilers. Confederate law made those involved in salt-making immune to being drafted, making it a popular profession in war-time Florida; the estimated total workers involved was 5,000.
One way Southern families acquired salt was to boil the dirt in areas where they had previously cured meats. They would dig it out, and strain it.
Avery Island, off the Louisiana coast, gave the Confederacy a huge supply of rock salt until the Union captured it. However, Confederates never realized that similar structures to the rock salt mine were all along the Louisiana and Texas coasts of the Gulf of Mexico, and therefore salt could have been more easily attained if they had but realized it.

</doc>
<doc id="19755250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755250" title="Laura Lederer">
Laura Lederer

Laura J. Lederer (born 1951) is a pioneer in the work to stop human trafficking. She is a legal scholar and former Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Persons in the Office for Democracy and Global Affairs of the United States Department of State. She has also been an activist against human trafficking, prostitution, pornography, and hate speech. Lederer is founder of The Protection Project, a legal research institute at Johns Hopkins University devoted to combating trafficking in persons.
Early life.
Lederer was born in the Detroit area, to parents Natalie and Creighton Lederer, a civil engineer and later Detroit Commissioner of Buildings and Safety in the Coleman Young administration. She was born into a multifaith household, with a Jewish father and Lutheran mother who were practicing Unitarian Universalists, and studied comparative religion as an undergraduate at University of Michigan. As part of her undergraduate work, she spent two years studying under and working for David Noel Freedman, and graduated with a BA "magna cum laude" in 1975.
Career summary.
Past career.
In the mid-1970s she was an activist and leader in the violence against women movement. In 1977 she helped found and then directed the first women's anti-pornography organization in the country. She founded and directed The Protection Project, a legal research and human rights institute at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government in 1997. There, she collected and translated foreign national law on involuntary servitude, slavery, trafficking in persons and related issues and created an international database housing over 3,000 statutes from 190 countries. She also tracked global routes, patterns, and trends in human trafficking and published the first Human Rights Report on Trafficking in Persons. In 2000, she moved The Protection Project to Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS), where it is housed today.
During the drafting of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, from 1998 to 2000, she served as a witness in hearings held by Representatives Chris Smith and Sam Gjendenson in the House of Representatives International Subcommittee on Human Rights and the late Senator Paul Wellstone and Sam Brownback in the Senate, testifying on the global nature and scope of the problem of trafficking in persons. She brought trafficking victims from over a dozen countries to testify in Congress. In 1998, she also played a vital role in bringing together a new bi-partisan anti-trafficking coalition of women's groups such as Equality Now, and faith-based groups such as The Salvation Army, and the National Association of Evangelicals. This coalition played an important role in the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000.
In 2001, as Deputy Senior Advisor to the Secretary of State she helped stand up the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons at the U.S. Department of State. In From 2002 – 2007, she served as Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Persons to Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs, Paula J. Dobriansky. In that capacity she advised the Under Secretary on policy formulation and development, program creation and implementation, and long-range planning for the Office for Global Affairs. She represented the Under Secretary at high-level national and international meetings, spoke extensively as a recognized expert at governmental, inter-governmental, non-governmental, academic and other conferences, seminars, and meetings. She also advised the Ambassador-at-Large on Trafficking in Persons and other key governmental officials, as well as serving as liaison to civil society.
Current career.
Currently Laura Lederer is affiliated with the anti-trafficking NGOs Global Centurion and Triple S Network.
She is also an Adjunct Professor of Law at Georgetown Law Center where teaches (with Professor Mohamad Mattar) a course entitled, "International Trafficking in Persons," a JD/LLM class that covers U.S federal and state law on human trafficking; foreign national anti-trafficking law; and international instruments addressing human trafficking. The course also examines the global scope of the trafficking problem including trafficking routes and patterns; the similarities and differences between sex and labor trafficking; the relationship of human trafficking to drug and arms trafficking; trafficking and terrorism; the public health implications of trafficking; child sex tourism; trafficking and international migration; transnational issues in trafficking such as international peacekeeping, corruption, money-laundering, international adoption, and more.
Anti-pornography activism (1976–1981).
In late 1976, she accompanied a friend to a San Francisco conference on violence against women. A display at the conference included images from magazine advertising, softcore pornography, and hardcore pornography, including child pornography. Lederer stated in a later interview: "You saw the influence of the really hard-core images, back through the soft-core to the mainstream. Images were repeated. That's how I got involved. It kind of clicked." Several participants in the conference proposed to keep meeting and form an organization devoted to protesting violent images of women. In January 1977, this organization was started, which after several name changes became Women Against Violence in Pornography and Media (WAVPM). Lederer signed on as the organization's national coordinator and editor of its newsletter.
As coordinator of WAVPM, Lederer helped organize protests and boycotts against companies such as Max Factor and Finnair who's advertising the organization felt encouraged violence against women. She also organized educational tours of pornographic businesses in San Francisco's red light districts, a tactic later emulated by Women Against Pornography. Lederer worked closely with then-Supervisor Dianne Feinstein on a San Francisco anti-pornography zoning ordinance targeting sex-related businesses. Lederer was aided in this effort by the fact that her father, in the role of Building Commissioner in Detroit, had worked vigorously for shaping and enforcing a similar zoning ordinance in that city. Lederer traveled to Detroit to research the ordinance there, and passed the results along to Feinstein. Though the zoning ordinance faced stiff opposition (notably from the San Francisco ACLU and from Harvey Milk), a milder version of this ordinance was passed in 1978.
In the summer of 1978, Lederer brought on Lynn Campbell to help organize WAVPM and together they helped organize Feminist Perspectives on Pornography, the first national anti-pornography feminist conference held in San Francisco on November 17–19, 1978. The conference drew many well known feminist speakers, notably Gloria Steinem, Robin Morgan, Phyllis Chesler, Kathleen Barry, Susan Brownmiller and Andrea Dworkin. This conference was significant in that it served as a galvanizing event for the anti-pornography feminist movement in the United States. The final event of the conference was the first Take Back the Night march, which converged on the Broadway red light district. The talks given during the event were later collected in the anthology ""—a work which was compiled and edited by Lederer and would go on to stand as a key document in the emerging feminist anti-pornography movement.
Anti-human trafficking work.
Early anti-human trafficking work (1993–2001).
In 1994, Lederer founded The Protection Project, a legal research institute dedicated to tracking and combating human trafficking. There, she created a database of foreign national law on involuntary servitude, slavery, trafficking in persons and related issues. In 1998 Lederer oversaw the project's transition to the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, where she remained for three years (1998 – 2001). A core component of this work centered on the publication of the first Human Rights Report on Trafficking in Persons, a document pre-dating the U.S. government TIP Report that tracked and evaluated in 194 countries the global routes, patterns, and trends in human trafficking as well as laws, law enforcement, and case law addressing it.
During the drafting of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, from 1998 to 2000, she served as a witness in Senate Foreign Relations Committee and House International Relations Committee hearings held by Representatives Chris Smith and Sam Gejdenson and the late Senator Paul Wellstone and Senator Sam Brownback, testifying on the global nature and scope of the problem of trafficking in persons. She was instrumental in bringing trafficking victims from over a dozen countries to testify in Congress. In 1998, she also helped bring together a new bi-partisan anti-trafficking coalition of women's groups and faith-based groups. This coalition played a role in the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000.
Senior advisor on human trafficking (2001–2009).
In 2001, as Deputy Senior Advisor to the Secretary of State she helped set up the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons at the U.S. Department of State. In From 2002–2009, she served as Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Persons to Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs, Paula J. Dobriansky. In that capacity she advised the Under Secretary on policy formulation and development, program creation and implementation, and long-range planning for the Office for Global Affairs.
Lederer was Senior Advisor on Human Trafficking at the U.S. Department of State during the administration of George W. Bush. She was responsible for designing specialized anti-trafficking programs, including "TIP and New Technologies," "The Economics of Trafficking," "The Health Implications of Trafficking," and a new program to research the impact of sex selection and gender imbalance on human trafficking. In addition to her duties as Senior Advisor, she was instrumental in creating the Senior Policy Operating Group on Trafficking in Persons, for which she was Executive Director from 2001–2009. This high-level interagency policy group staffs the cabinet-level President's Interagency Task Force on Trafficking in Persons. She is also an Adjunct Professor of Law at the Georgetown University Law Center.
As of 2010, Lederer is actively involved in combating human trafficking. Both in her role as President of Global Centurion, a Washington DC based NGO which seeks to eradicate child sex trafficking by focusing on the demand for trafficked children; and as founder and coordinator of Triple S Network, a group of nearly 100 NGOs active against sex trafficking.
Philanthropic work.
Lederer engaged in designing grant programs for philanthropic organizations. She served as an officer at the Skaggs Foundation beginning in 1979 and was a founding member of the Global Fund for Women in 1987. In 1989, she began her legal education at University of San Francisco before transferring after one year to DePaul University College of Law, where she earned a Juris Doctor in 1994.
She served as Program Officer for Community Concerns at the L.J. and Mary C. Skaggs Foundation, during which times she created a special International Women's Program
Education, awards, and honors.
She received her B.A. magna cum laude in comparative religions from the University of Michigan. After 10 years in philanthropy as director of community and social concerns at a private foundation, she continued her education at the University of San Francisco Law School and DePaul College of Law and received her Juris Doctorate in June 1994. She received scholarships from the University of San Francisco Law School's Alumni Women's Association and was Mansfield Fellow of Law at DePaul College of Law in 1992. In 1997, she received the Gustavus Meyers Center for Study of Human Rights Annual Award for Outstanding Work on Human Rights for her work on harmful speech issues. She served on the Peer Review Advisory Committee, U.S. Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention for the research project, "Sexual Exploitation and Family Violence," 1984-1986, and was the youngest member of the National Task Force on Missing Children Advisory Council, U.S. Office of Juvenile Justice, in 1985. 

</doc>
<doc id="19755253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755253" title="Villa of the Quintilii">
Villa of the Quintilii

The Villa of the Quintilii (Italian: Villa dei Quintili) is an ancient Roman villa beyond the fifth milestone along the Via Appia Antica just outside the traditional boundaries of Rome, Italy. It was built by the rich and cultured brothers Sextus Quintilius Maximus and Sextus Quintilius Condianus (consuls in 151 AD) in the course of the 2nd century. 
The ruins of this "villa suburbana" are of such extent that when they were first excavated, the site was called Roma Vecchia ("Old Rome") by the locals, as they occupied too great a ground, it seemed, to have been anything less than a town. The nucleus of the villa was constructed in the time of Hadrian. The villa included extensive "thermae" fed by its own aqueduct, and, what was even more unusual, a hippodrome, which dates to the fourth century, when the villa was Imperial property: the emperor Commodus coveted the villa strongly enough to put to death its owners in 182 and confiscate it for himself. 
In 1776 Gavin Hamilton, the entrepreneurial painter and purveyor of Roman antiquities, excavated some parts of the Villa of the Quintilii, still called "Roma Vecchia", and the sculptures he uncovered revealed the imperial nature of the site:
There he found five marble sculptures, including "An Adonis asleep", that he sold to Charles Townley and have come to the British Museum and "A Bacchante with the tyger", listed as sold to Mr Greville. The large marble relief of Asclepius found at the site passed from Hamilton to the Earl of Shelburne, later Marquess of Lansdowne, at Lansdowne House, London. The "Braschi Venus" from the site was purchased by Pius VI's nephew, Luigi Braschi Onesti.
Today the archeological site houses a museum with marble friezes and sculptures that once adorned the villa. The "nympheum", the hall of the "tepidarium" and the baths may also be visited. A grand terrace overlooking the Via Appia Nuova, which dates back to 1784, commands a fine view of the Castelli Romani district. The villa's grounds extended even beyond the route of the Via Appia Nuova.

</doc>
<doc id="19755256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755256" title="CancerVax">
CancerVax

CancerVax was an American pharmaceutical company founded in 1998 by Donald Morton. The company sought to develop a vaccine for cancer, and had candidates for melanoma reach phase III clinical trials. When those trials proved unsuccessful in 2005, the company soon underwent a reverse takeover with Micromet.
Company Background.
CancerVax was founded in Delaware by Dr. Donald Morton in 1998. Prior to the formation of the company, Dr. Morton researched at the John Wayne Cancer Institute. After discovering what would eventually become CancerVax’s lead product candidate, Canvaxin, Donald left John Wayne Cancer Institute to start the company and push the drug through the clinical trials necessary in order to take a drug to the market. The company used specific mergers and joint ventures to attempt to humanize their antibodies and push their drugs through their pipeline.
Products.
While the company eventually had several drugs in their pipeline focused on melanoma, colon cancer, lung cancer, solid tumors, and ophthalmic disease, their lead candidate Canvaxin was focused on melanoma. Canvaxin was a vaccine based treatment for melanoma, and was an immunotherapeutic. In the clinical trials it has been proven an effective treatment, with a significantly greater (P<0.0001) median survival rate over than no treatment.
Immunotherapy in its most general form for cancer treatment uses the immune system to target tumor cells. While all cells produce cytokines and have receptor proteins on the cell surface, tumor cells may over-express them. Targeted immunotherapy towards these over expressed proteins could be an effective treatment towards different cancers. There are three types of immunotherapy, and they are briefly described below
-Passive Immunotherapy: Direct administration of monoclonal antibodies targeted to a specific cell receptor or protein to inhibit a tumor function or target the tumor itself. 
-Non-Specific Active Immunotherapy: A general immune system response using cytokines and other cell signaling. Since this treatment is very general it has many complicated side effects. 
-Specific Active Immunotherapy: The generation of cell-mediated and antibody immune responses focused on specific antigens expressed by the cancer cells. Canvaxin is an example of this therapy.
Canvaxin.
CancerVax partnered with Serono and released Canvaxin in 2004; a therapeutic polyvalent cancer vaccine. It was an antigen-rich, allogeneic whole-cell vaccine developed in 1984 from three melanoma cell lines and is the most extensively studied melanoma vaccine to date. However, on October 3, 2005, CancerVax announced the discontinuation of its Phase 3 clinical trial of Canvaxin in patients with Stage III melanoma. The decision followed the recommendation of the independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) with oversight responsibility for the clinical trial. The DSMB decided, based upon the data reviewed at the third interim analysis, that it was unlikely that the trial would provide significant evidence of a survival benefit for Canvaxin-treated patients versus those receiving placebo. In addition, in April 2005, the companies announced the discontinuation of their other Phase 3 clinical trial of Canvaxin in patients with Stage IV melanoma based upon a similar recommendation of the independent DSMB following its review of data from the second interim analysis of this clinical trial.
The unsuccessful results of these clinical trials prompted CancerVax to say it would cut payroll by more than half to roughly 80 employees from 183. Immediately following this announcement, CancerVax's stock plunged $1.30, or 44.5%, to $1.62 and well below its 52-week low of $2.70. In less than 30 minutes after the opening bell, nearly 850,000 CancerVax shares had been traded, or more than 17 times the average daily trade for the previous three months. Shares of Serono were off 15 cents, or 0.9%, to $16.35.
Competitive Strategy.
CancerVax Corporation’s competitive strategy revolved around targeting large disease markets with significant unmet medical needs. The company was founded by Dr. Donald Morton who utilized his research on autologous cell cancer vaccines to develop a new allogeneic cellular vaccine for cancer. Dr. Morton’s employment at John Wayne Cancer Institute allowed him to perform additional research on the melanoma vaccine while still holding the commercialization rights to the vaccine. The company entered in a Cross-License agreement with John Wayne Cancer Center where in funding acquired by the Center from the NIH was used to conduct Phase I and Phase II clinical trials for this product. Following promising results, JWCC applied to the NCI for research funds to undertake clinical trials with the melanoma vaccine and were granted more than $34,000,000 to carry out Phase III multi-center trials with the melanoma vaccine in patients with Stage III or Stage IV melanoma. This new technology was also found to work on colon cancer and the company had plans to push forward with phase 2 trials for late-stage colon cancer. 
The major advantage CancerVax enjoyed was that drug discovery was conducted at a research institute with the founder of CancerVax holding all commercialization rights to the technology that were than licensed to the company. They retained worldwide commercialization rights to Canvaxin and intended to market it through their own sales force or co-promote it in the United States while establishing strategic collaborations abroad. Manufacturing was also conducted at their own biologics manufacturing facility, with plans of expansion in 2004 and 2005 to accommodate commercial demand. In addition to Canvaxin, they planned on using the proprietary specific active immunotherapy, anti-angiogenesis and T-oligonucleotide, or telomere homolog oligonucleotide, technology platforms, as well as on human monoclonal antibody technology. In 2002, they acquired Cell-Matrix, Inc., a private company with expertise in angiogenesis. This technology was believed to complement their vaccine technology and could help develop new applications for curing other diseases using active immunotherapy and anti-angiogenesis.
Reverse Merger.
Three months after the poor Phase III data forced it to suspend work on Canvaxin, CancerVax agreed to team up with Micromet, a private German company, in a buyout valued at $126.7 million. Cancervax used an Initial Public Offering (IPO) in August 2003, listing on NASDAQ at $13.00 a share. In fiscal years 2004 and 2005, Cancervax recorded net losses of $56 million and 40 million, respectively. By December, 2006, the stock price had fallen to $3.46. In May 2006, when Micromet was formally taken over by CancerVax in a reverse merger, a new NASDAQ-listed company was formed and renamed “Micromet Inc.” The merger was “reversed” in that although CancerVax technically acquired Micromet, shareholders of Micromet received 67.5% of the shares of the new combined company, giving them control of the newly formed Micromet Inc. The deal allowed Micromet access to leverage CancerVax’s existing U.S. public company infrastructure, and added a preclinical candidate for solid tumors to their product portfolio. 
CancerVax and Micromet likely chose to enter into this reverse merger because CancerVax needed a way to rebound after the failure of Canvaxin, and Micromet needed an easy way to go public. Because of high underwriting fees and the fixed costs of going public through investment banks, it is difficult for small firms to go public via an IPO because of insufficient liquidity gains. Small, private firms, like Micromet, are less likely to find hiring an underwriter to be a positive net present value project and hence gain more benefits from going public by a reverse merger rather than an IPO.v Micromet Inc. started trading on NASDAQ on May 9, 2006, opening at $9.33 and closed at 6.54 with a volume of 40,925 shares traded. Micromet announced in 2008 that it was seeking to raise $40 million through issuing additional stock 

</doc>
<doc id="19755266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755266" title="Pharos Network Coordinates">
Pharos Network Coordinates

Pharos is hierarchical and decentralized network coordinate system. With the help of a simple two-level architecture, it achieves much better prediction accuracy then the representative Vivaldi coordinates, and it is incrementally deployable.

</doc>
<doc id="19755289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755289" title="Felicia filifolia">
Felicia filifolia

Felicia filifolia is a Southern African member of the Asteraceae family. It is a hardy, sprawling shrub growing to about 1 metre tall. Leaves are narrow ("filifolia" = "threadlike leaves") and clustered along the twigs. When blooming it is densely covered in flowerheads with ray florets that are pink-mauve to white and disc florets that are yellow. 
The species is widespread over mountainous areas, commonly found growing amongst rocks. It is suspected of causing haemorrhaging when ingested by sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="19755299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755299" title="Thorburn Robertson">
Thorburn Robertson

Thorburn Brailsford Robertson (4 March 1884 – 18 January 1930) was an Australian physiologist and biochemist.
Early life.
Robertson was born in Edinburgh, the son of Thorburn Robertson and Sheila, daughter of William Brailsford. At eight years of age he was brought to South Australia, where his father had been appointed a mining engineer. He was educated at Miss Stanton's school at Glenelg, and later was privately tutored for the university. He entered on the science course at the University of Adelaide in 1902, and was at once recognized as a brilliant student. In April 1905 he graduated B.Sc. with first-class honours in physiology. As a student he had given some evidence of his quality in a paper on the "Sham-death reflex in spiders", published in the "Journal of Physiology" for August 1904, and in a remarkable paper, "An Outline of a Theory of the Genesis of Protoplasmic Motion and Excitation", read at a meeting of the Royal Society of South Australia on 4 April 1905 and published in its "Transactions and Proceedings", vol. XXIX, pages 1-56. 
Career.
Robertson had been very interested in the work of Professor Jacques Loeb of the University of California, one of the ablest biochemists of his time, and immediately after graduation obtained a position in his laboratory. There he worked for five years, contributing during this period around 40 papers to leading scientific journals, and establishing a reputation as an authority on proteins. He never lacked courage, and thus early in his career attacked and subsequently refuted many of the doctrines then generally accepted. In 1910 when Loeb went to the Rockefeller Institute, New York, Robertson became assistant professor of bio-chemistry and pharmacology. In 1912 he published "Die Physikalische Chemie der Proteine", which was translated into Russian, and, extended and revised, was published in English in 1918. Between 1910 and 1918 he regularly sent papers to the scientific journals, many of them concerned with the factors that govern the growth and longevity of animals. He became professor of bio-chemistry and pharmacology at the University of California in 1916 and two years later was given the chair of bio-chemistry at University of Toronto. 
In 1919 the death of his old teacher, Sir Edward Stirling, led to his return to Adelaide, where he became professor of bio-chemistry and general physiology in 1920. There his energetic personality soon became apparent in the medical school. His influence was felt in a remodelling of the early years of the medical course, and he persuaded the council that the teaching would have to be divided. In 1922 the new chair of zoology was established. He published in 1920 at New York his "Principles of Biochemistry" (2nd ed. 1923), and "The Chemical Basis of Growth and Senescence" in 1923. He had been experimenting on these problems since 1914, and though he was devoting much time to other work, they remained a constant hobby with him for the rest of his life. He was one of the earliest in Australia to investigate the use of insulin for diabetes, and in 1923 he discovered tethelin, a growth controlling substance which has been found of great value in the treatment of slow-healing wounds and ulcers of long standing. 
In 1927 Robertson was asked by the Commonwealth Council for Scientific and Industrial Research to take charge of investigations into the nutrition of animals. An animal nutrition laboratory was built at Adelaide, and field stations were established in Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and South Australia. Some especially valuable research work was done in connexion with the growth of wool on sheep, and the value of cystine and phosphates as supplementary feeding. 
Late life.
He was working with great energy, with much mapped out for the coming years, when he contracted pneumonia and died after a short illness on 18 January 1930. He married in 1910 Jane Winifred, third daughter of Sir Edward Stirling, who survived him with two sons and a daughter. He was a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and of many other important societies. He was elected a foreign member of the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei, Rome, in 1926. In addition to the books already mentioned he published in 1914 "The Universe and the Mayonnaise and other Stories for Children", and in 1931 a collection of excellent articles of more general appeal than his scientific papers was published under the title "The Spirit of Research". He was the virtual founder and was managing editor of the "Australian Journal of Experimental Biology" and Medical Science from its beginning until his death. Its ninth volume published in 1932, "The Robertson Memorial Volume", is made up of scientific papers contributed by former colleagues and pupils, with a short memoir by Hedley R. Marston, and a bibliography of his work which lists 174 of his articles, and 26 others of which he was part author. 
References.
Additional resources listed by the Australian Dictionary of Biography:

</doc>
<doc id="19755334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755334" title="Jean-Louis Benoît">
Jean-Louis Benoît

Jean-Louis Benoît (born on 22 January 1947 in Alès, Gard) is a French actor, screenwriter, theater and film director.
He is co-founder with Didier Bezace and Jacques Nichet of the theatre of l'Aquarium-Cartoucherie de Vincennes.
Filmography.
As an actor :
As a director :

</doc>
<doc id="19755361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755361" title="Tone Sverdrup">
Tone Sverdrup

Tone Sverdrup (born 1951) is a Norwegian jurist.
She was born in Oslo. She took the siv.øk. degree, and also graduated as cand.jur. in 1977. She was a secretary in the Ministry of Local Government and Labour from 1974 to 1975 and as a consultant in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1977 to 1978. At the University of Oslo she was a research assistant from 1975 to 1976, and also worked there from 1979 to 1980. From 1984 to 1986 she had a NAVF scholarship. She became an associate professor at the University of Oslo in 1988, and was promoted to professor in 2000. She took the dr.juris degree in 1997. Her field is private law. She has also been an acting Supreme Court Justice. She is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="19755368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755368" title="Barfüsserkloster">
Barfüsserkloster

The Barfüsserkloster in the old town of Zürich is a former Franciscan abbey. It was first attested in the 1240s and was dissolved during the Reformation, in 1524. 
The abbey was situated in the southeastern corner of the medieval city, between the "Neumarkt" and the "Linden" gates (today at "Hirschengraben" 13/15). 
After the Reformation, the abbey buildings were used as a grain depot, and during the early 19th century, as a casino. During the 19th century, most of the original structure was lost to significant construction work. The buildings since the 1870s have housed the cantonal court of law ("Obergericht"), besides the communal wine cellars and a theater. After a fire in 1890, part of the structure was removed, and is now a parking lot. The cantonal court remains the only occupant of the estate.

</doc>
<doc id="19755373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755373" title="Malaysia Nanban">
Malaysia Nanban

The Malaysia Nanban (, "Malaysia's Friend") is a Tamil daily newspaper based in Malaysia, one of only three Tamil-language dailies in the country, alongside the "Makkal Osai" and the "Tamil Nesan", although in 2014, three more Tamil newspapers had began publishing in the country, Thina Kural, Nam Naadu and the newly-revived Tamil Malar which had been ever published in the 1970s and 1980s.
The circulation as of 2012 is about 55,000 copies. The circulation peaked in 2000 with 174,000 copies sold. Despite the relatively low circulation, it remains the highest selling daily Tamil newspaper in Malaysia and also outside of India and Sri Lanka.
Overview.
The "Malaysia Nanban" was originally founded by Dato Sikandar Batcha Bin Abdul Majeed in 1986 and the first issue was publish on 1 October that year. A Nielsen report revealed that "Malaysia Nanban" was the largest selling Tamil-language newspaper with 55,000 copies sold, which was said to be the highest-selling Tamil language newspaper outside of India and Sri Lanka. After the demise of Dato Sikandar Batcha on 11 December 2006, The Nanban is headed by his three sons
Datuk Shafee Zaman, Mr Ahmad Mydin and Mr Nooruthen.
Unlike other Tamil newspapers in Malaysia, the newspaper is running without support or interference from any political parties.

</doc>
<doc id="19755380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755380" title="Agnes Nygaard Haug">
Agnes Nygaard Haug

Agnes Margrete Nygaard Haug (born 27 August 1933) is a Norwegian judge.
She was born in Oslo as a daughter of Supreme Court Justice Marius Nygaard (1902–1978) and Eva Julie Johanne Christensen (1906–2000). Her great-grandfather was the academic Marius Nygaard, and she is also a grandniece of William Martin Nygaard and a second cousin of William Nygaard and Kristen Nygaard. In January 1956 she married judge Bjørn Haug (born 1928). They have the son Marius Nygaard Haug, a notable jurist.
She was employed in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1959 to 1977, being promoted to sub-director in 1973. She was then appointed as a presiding judge in Eidsivating, serving one final year as presiding judge in Borgarting when that court was created in 1995. From 1994 to 1995 she was an acting Supreme Court Justice. She retired in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19755395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755395" title="Mark Nadler">
Mark Nadler

Mark Nadler is a New York City-based cabaret performer, actor and comedic pianist. He has been described as "one of New York's most acclaimed singer/pianists" and a "virtuoso" of classical piano.
Nadler was born and raised in Waterloo, Iowa. He took an interest in Broadway musicals from a young age, and was a fan of Danny Kaye, Mahalia Jackson, Jimmy Durante, the Marx Brothers and Bugs Bunny. At the age of ten, he began performing professionally at the Long Straw Saloon in Cedar Falls, Iowa. As the gay son of Jewish immigrants, he felt out of place in the Midwestern town. He studied at the Interlochen Arts Academy in 1981 before moving to Manhattan at age 17.
In 2004 Nadler and his partner hosted a "Bark Mitzvah" for their wheaten terrier, Admiral Rufus K. Boom, as a commentary on the frivolity and excess of Bar Mitzvah engagements at which Nadler had performed earlier in his career.
Nadler frequently has collaborated with singer KT Sullivan. He has written and performed in dozens of touring, Broadway, and off-Broadway productions, as well as on television programs. Some of his more notable productions include "American Rhapsody", an off-Broadway revue based on George Gershwin that won the Manhattan Association of Cabarets Award for Outstanding Musical Revue and was nominated for a Drama Desk Award and two Lucille Lortel Awards; "Red Light", an "opera in honky-tonk" co-written with Dawn Hampton, which also won a MAC Award; "Tchaikovsky (and Other Russians)", performed at the Algonquin Hotel and the American Conservatory Theater, among other venues, which won the 2003 Bistro Award; and "Russian on the Side", based on the Ira Gershwin/Kurt Weill patter song "Tchaikovsky (and Other Russians)", which played the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and the Marines Memorial Theater in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19755402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755402" title="Hilde Indreberg">
Hilde Indreberg

Hilde Indreberg (born 22 October 1957) is a Norwegian judge.
She was born in Oslo, and graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur. in 1987. She worked for the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation from 1988 to 1989, and was then hired in the Ministry of Justice and the Police. She was promoted to head of department there in 2000. From 2007 she is a Supreme Court Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19755407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755407" title="Concordia yawls">
Concordia yawls

The Concordia yawl was designed in 1938 by naval architect C. Raymond Hunt with input from Llewellyn and Waldo Howland, Clinton Crane, Fenwick Williams and Frank Paine.
Earlier that year Llewellyn Howland's family's Colin Archer designed Norwegian pilot cutter, Escape, was destroyed by the Great Hurricane of 1938.
Llewellyn commissioned the Concordia Company, which he had founded in 1926 and at the time run by his son Waldo, to design and build a replacement.
Llewellyn wanted a sailboat that could be used for both cruising and racing and withstand the heavy wind and choppy waters of Buzzards Bay.
What was created was Concordia design number fourteen, a 39'10" yawl that would become one of the most successful yawls in history. There were 103 Concordias produced between 1938 and 1966, making the Concordia yawl class the largest class of large one-design wooden sailboats. 
The first four Concordias were produced in Massachusetts.
Concordia commissioned the Abeking and Rasmussen shipyard in Lemwerder, Germany to build the last 99 (26 of them as a 41' Model).
102 of the 103 Concordias are still in existence today.
Over the years the Concordia yawl has won numerous races including the prestigious Newport Bermuda Race (1954 & 1978), the Annapolis Race (1955), Cowes Week (1955) and the Marblehead-to-Halifax Race (1955 & 1997).
The Concordia yawls Arapaho, hull #85 and Irian, hull #70 (both 41' models), appeared in the movie Message in a Bottle (film).
Concordia Yawl Specifications.
Construction - Oak keel, steam bent laminated oak frames, African mahogany planking, bright mahogany deck trim, canvas covered main deck and house top, bronze plank fastenings, galvanized iron keel bolts.
Rig - Hollow spars, including spinnaker pole, stainless steel rigging, galvanized tangs, bronze fittings and winches.
Sails - Mainsail, mizzen and jib, Dacron. Running rigging, Dacron.
Engine - Gray 4 Cyl. 31 H.P., cockpit controls.
Propeller - 2 blade solid on centerline.
Plumbing and Tanks - Toilet and lavatory with pump in wash room, sink and pump in galley, built-in bilge pump. Three Nirosta water tanks of approximately total capacity. One Nirosta gasoline tank.
Cabin Equipment - 2 special folding berths forward, 2 Concordia berths in main cabin, transom cushions, Kapoc berth mattresses, cabin table, ice box of 75 lbs capacity, alcohol stove 7 electric lights, 1 kerosene lamp, panelled pine bulkheads, locust trim.
Other Equipment - Electric running and riding lights, anchor and warp, boat hook, flag staff, canvas bucket, mop, few tools, fenders, life ring, dock lines, compass and binnacle, life lines, pulpit dinghy chocks, hatch and skylight covers.

</doc>
<doc id="19755408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755408" title="MannanLife">
MannanLife

Sales of "Konnyaku Batake" were suspended from 8 October 2008 after it was reported that 17 children and elderly people in Japan had choked to death on konnyaku jelly since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19755416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755416" title="Ethel Harrington">
Ethel Harrington

Ethel Harrington (born June 18, 1907 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) was an American track and field sprinter. She ran the 100 meters for the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics. She died November 23, 1972 in Miami, Florida, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19755419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755419" title="Steinar Tjomsland">
Steinar Tjomsland

Steinar Tjomsland (born 23 July 1948) is a Norwegian Supreme Court Justice.
He was born in Kristiansand, and graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur.. He worked as assisting director of Norges Bank from 1989 to 1991. Since 1991 he has been a Supreme Court Justice.

</doc>
<doc id="19755433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755433" title="Deaths of Henry Byrne and John Morley">
Deaths of Henry Byrne and John Morley

Henry Byrne and John Morley, two officers of the Garda Síochána, the police force of Ireland, were murdered on 7 July 1980 by alleged members of the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) during a pursuit in the aftermath of a bank robbery near Loughglynn, County Roscommon. The officers' deaths provoked a national outrage. Three men were apprehended, convicted and sentenced to death for capital murder. Two of the sentences were later reduced to 40 years imprisonment while the third was overturned.
Bank robbery.
On 7 July 1980 three armed and masked men raided the Bank of Ireland in Ballaghaderreen, County Roscommon. The group held staff and customers at gunpoint before leaving with IR£35,000. Gardaí of the Irish national police (An Garda Síochána) arrived on the scene but were unarmed and were unable to stop the armed men from escaping in a blue Ford Cortina. The perpetrators were intercepted by a Garda patrol car from Castlerea station with four Gardaí, including Detective John Morley, who was armed with an Uzi machine gun. The two cars collided at Shannon's Cross, Aghaderry, Loughglinn. One of the raiders jumped out of the Cortina and sprayed the patrol car with bullets, killing Garda Officer Henry Byrne.
One man left the Cortina and ran off while his two accomplices – wearing balaclavas – ran in the opposite direction. There was an exchange of shots in which Morley is believed to have wounded one of the men, but he himself was fatally wounded. Both of these men were later apprehended, while a third man - Peter Pringle - was arrested in the city of Galway almost two weeks later. The two other Gardaí - Sergeant Mick O' Malley and Garda Derek O' Kelly - survived the shootout.
Garda Síochána officers.
John Francis Morley, born 1942 in Knock, County Mayo, was a Garda Síochána detective. Morley was married with two sons, Shane and Gordon and a daughter, Gillian. Morley had also been a noted Gaelic Footballer and was considered one of the best centre backs in the history of Connacht football. He played 112 league and championship games for Mayo between 1961–1974.
Henry Byrne, born 1950 in Knock, County Mayo, was a police officer. Byrne was married with two children and his wife was pregnant with a third at the time of his death.
Aftermath.
The event was considered a national tragedy in Ireland. Byrne and Morley were the fifth and sixth Gardaí officers to die in the Troubles, and the 21st and 22nd Gardaí to die violently since the foundation of the state in 1922.
The three men apprehended were Peter Pringle, Patrick McCann, and Colm O'Shea. Because a portion of funding for the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA), a Republican paramilitary organisation, came from bank robberies, the three robbery suspects were identified as being associated with the INLA. This claim was disputed by advocates for the Irish Republican Socialist Party, the INLA's political wing, who stated that only one of the men (Pringle) had had a peripheral connection with the Irish Republican organisation some years earlier.
All three men were found guilty of murder and sentenced to death. The sentences were later reduced to 40 years imprisonment with no chance of parole. Pringle's conviction was overturned in 1995 after serving 15 years. As of February 2008, McCann and O'Shea were still serving their sentences in Portlaoise Prison.
Morley and Byrne were posthumously awarded the Scott Medal for their actions. The medals were presented to their families at a special ceremony in Templemore in 1982.
The events of that day are recalled in an episode of the RTÉ One programme "Garda ar Lár".
On 5 September 2012, Colm O'Shea failed in an appeal to the High Court against his continued detention. However in July 2013, the Irish Supreme Court ruled that a prisoner serving 40 years for capital murder was entitled to the normal remission on his sentence if he met the conditions applied to other inmates. As a result, the prison authorities found that both O'Shea and McCann had already served the required 30-year term in jail and they were consequently released shortly afterwards. However the details of their releases did not come to light in the national press until October 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="19755441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755441" title="The Circus (Take That album)">
The Circus (Take That album)

The Circus is the fifth studio album by British pop band Take That. It was released in the United Kingdom on 1 December 2008.
Album information.
In the United Kingdom, the album was released in direct (albeit unintentional) competition to Britney Spears' sixth album, also titled "Circus", released on the same day. Take That's manager claimed the album's title choice was a coincidence, and that the band had worked 'months in advance' and would not be changing the title.
Take That released their first single from the album, "Greatest Day", on 24 November 2008, which peaked at number one in the UK. The second single "Up All Night" was released on 2 March 2009 and peaked at number 14. The third single "The Garden", was released in Germany, the Netherlands and Australia on 20 March 2009, though it also peaked at number 97 in the UK on download sales. The video for the song was shot at the Greenwich Maritime Museum, South London. The fourth single to be taken from the album, "Said It All", was released in June 2009 and peaked at number 9 in the UK. "Hold Up a Light" was the fifth and final single taken from the album, released to promote Take That's first live album "The Greatest Day – Take That Presents: The Circus Live".
Critical reception.
BBC Music said: "A stunning album, Take That are the vintage champagne of pop fizzing with playful bubbles and happily maturing with age". The "Daily Mirror" stated that "they bring a fallible human quality to an album which is all about gilding their strong bond with their original fans." The "Sunday Mercury" said: "Like its predecessor, "The Circus" boasts one killer track. Hit single Greatest Day is as pop-perfect now as Patience was back in 2006." Yahoo! Music UK stated that "as with its predecessor Beautiful World, "The Circus" possesses well crafted pop songs, with faultless production".
Orange said: "An album of measured, mature songwriting by all four, it is by far their best". "The Sunday Times" stated that ""The Circus" will, no doubt, achieve similar sales, with songs as propulsive and swollen with giant choruses as The Garden, Greatest Day, Said It All and the apparently Amy Winehouse-referencing "How Did It Come to This". "The Times" said "Take That's return is the gold standard: a hugely successful second coming from a band determined not to fritter away their reserves of goodwill."
Promotion.
Following the release of the album, Take That announced plans for a stadium tour titled "" in 2009. The tour became the fastest selling tour in UK history selling £35m of tickets in one day (600,000 in less than 5 hours), beating the previous record set by Michael Jackson for his Bad World Tour in 1987 (though Jackson reclaimed the record soon after when he announced his residency at the O2 Arena in London shortly before his death).
The Script acted as special guests at their performance at Croke Park. Take That also presented their own TV show "Take That Come To Town", a variety show where they performed some of their biggest hits and new material from "The Circus", which aired on 7 December 2008 on ITV.
To launch the album's release in Paris, the band performed at a lavish nightclub exclusively for the first time in 12 years in the city on 2 December 2008. The performance included acrobats, trapeze artists, stilt-walkers and jugglers, all in keeping with the circus theme.
Commercial reception.
Prior to the official release of "The Circus" it was revealed that the album had broken all preorder records and had become the most pre-ordered album of all time.
The album reached number one in Ireland and the UK with "The Circus" selling 133,000 copies on its first day of release in the UK. In the United Kingdom, the album sold 306,000 copies (going platinum) in the first four days of release, making "The Circus" the fastest-selling album of the year. The album reached the top of the UK album charts on 7 December 2008 with total first-week sales of 432,490, the third highest opening sales week in UK history. The album debuted at #3 on the Irish Albums Chart and a week later rose to number one. On Friday 19 December 2008, the album had sold 1 million copies sold by its 19th day in UK shops, making it the second fastest album in the UK to reach 1 million copies, behind Oasis's "Be Here Now" in 1997.
The album stayed on top of the UK Albums Chart for five weeks and became one of the biggest selling albums of 2008 in the UK. The album has been certified double platinum in Europe (including the UK and Ireland) for sales in excess of two million copies, and was the 27th best-selling album worldwide in 2008 according to the IFPI. The album since its release in December 2008 has spent 73 weeks ( 1 year five months and one week) on the UK Top 100 Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19755450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755450" title="Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust">
Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust

Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust was formed in 1994 as Bexley Community Trust. It took the name Oxleas in 1995, after the ancient Oxleas Woods between Bexley and Greenwich. It became an NHS Foundation Trust in 2006.
Current status.
Oxleas NHS Mental Health Foundation Trust is an NHS Foundation Trust providing community health, mental health and learning disability services primarily to the London Boroughs of Bromley, Greenwich and Bexley. The trust provides additional specialist forensic psychiatric services to people from Lewisham as well as its core areas.
Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust headquarters are at Dartford and in-patient services are located at the campuses of Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup; Princess Royal University Hospital, Farnborough, Kent and Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Woolwich. Forensic in-patient services are concentrated at the Bracton Centre in Dartford. Memorial Hospital is a hospital owned by Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust. Oxleas operates several facilities including inpatient services for elderly people. There is also a large community outreach service network so that people can live at home and be helped both in their own homes, and as outpatients at various locations where Oxleas staff help their patients.
Future plans.
South London Healthcare NHS Trust has had a symbiotic relationship with Oxleas NHS Foundation Trust, as they own Queen Mary's Hospital, Sidcup; Queen Elizabeth's Hospital, Woolwich; and Princess Royal University Hospital, Farnborough, Kent.
In 2012, the Special Administrator, Matthew Kershaw of the Department of Health, was requested by the Secretary of State for Health to investigate concerns that South London Healthcare NHS Trust was not a viable concern. After public consultation and much investigation, it was declared on 31 January 2013 that the South London Healthcare NHS Trust would be disbanded. This has led to action in the High Court.
The trust has reassured the public that this will not affect their services to the public.
It is proposed in the shake-up that Oxleas will be running and controlling some of the services and facilities currently owned by South London Healthcare NHS Trust. The Secretary of State for Health, Mr Hunt, has not yet made it public how everything will be finalised, but it is expected that there will not be any delay in re-organising the health services in South London.
There is still much debate going on about whether this will improve health care in South London and questions have been asked in Parliament as to the wisdom of reorganising so many health trusts on account of one hospital trust being disbanded. Caroline Taylor has taken over as Special Administrator of South London Healthcare NHS Trust.
Council of Governors.
Oxleas has a Governing body, a Council of Governors. They hold quarterly Council meetings and publish their Agenda and Minutes on their website for everyone to read. The latest details of the Governing Board meetings on the Oxleas NHS Foundation website is for September 2012. Oxleas publishes the Agenda and Minutes of the Council of Governors. Richard Diment, elected governor in September 2012, has an official blog for the trust in which he has made comments upon the Mid-Staffordshire Inquiry Report
Controversies.
In 2011 a murder was committed by a patient who had left one of the trust's facilities after being taken there by police. The family of the victim have launched legal proceedings. In June 2013 the trust faced a further legal challenge after the death by suicide of a patient at its Green Park House facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19755457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755457" title="The Office characters">
The Office characters

"The Office" characters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19755465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755465" title="Peter Sperling">
Peter Sperling

Peter V. Sperling (born 1960) is one of the 400 wealthiest Americans, and the son of John Sperling. He is the Chairman of Apollo Group, and a co-founder and Chairman of CallWave, Inc. He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of California at Santa Barbara and his MBA from the University of Phoenix.
Sperling sponsored and financially backed Proposition 7 of California's November 2008 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="19755467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755467" title="Proper authority">
Proper authority

In Australian corporations law, proper authority is the authorisation provided by a licensed securities dealer to an individual that permits the holder to represent the securities dealer.
References.
02/162 Barton Capital Securities provides enforceable undertaking, ASIC

</doc>
<doc id="19755481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755481" title="Wait Until Dark (film)">
Wait Until Dark (film)

Wait Until Dark (1967) is a suspense-thriller film directed by Terence Young and produced by Mel Ferrer. It stars Audrey Hepburn as a young blind woman, Alan Arkin as a violent criminal searching for some drugs, and Richard Crenna as another criminal, supported by Jack Weston, Julie Herrod, and Efrem Zimbalist Jr.. The screenplay by Robert Carrington and Jane-Howard Carrington is based on the stage play of the same name by Frederick Knott.
Hepburn was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress (losing to Katharine Hepburn), and Zimbalist was nominated for a 
Golden Globe in the supporting category. The film is ranked #55 on AFI's 2001 "100 Years…100 Thrills" list, and its climax is ranked tenth on Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments".
Plot.
The film opens in a Montreal apartment, where a woman named Lisa (Samantha Jones) waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she'd spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.). The man who'd been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam about the doll, Sam and his wife, Susy (Audrey Hepburn), who is blind from an auto accident sometime before, are unable to find it.
Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman (Richard Crenna) and his partner Carlino (Jack Weston) arrive at the basement apartment where they expect to meet Lisa, their former partner in crime. No one is home, and unbeknownst to the two, the apartment is not Lisa's, but Sam and Susy's. Harry Roat, Jr. (Alan Arkin), whom the audience recognizes as the man who watched and met Lisa at the airport, arrives at the apartment; he is the one who set up the meeting. After discovering Lisa's body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has made sure he has touched nothing but the arms of the rocker in which he was sitting, which he then wipes clean. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa's body, explaining that he'd caught her going into business for herself. He also tells them about the heroin-stuffed doll and offers to cut them in if they help him find it. While the men are meeting, Susy comes home briefly and is observed by the men, who stay silent and undetected.
The next day, Susy's neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves on a wild goose chase photography assignment (in reality set up by Roat) to Asbury Park, New Jersey. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game. In order to gain entry into the apartment, Mike poses as a friend of Sam's, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man's son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Mike gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside.
During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria (Julie Herrod), a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy's noticing that she is there. After Mike leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she had stolen some time earlier. She tells Susy that there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy that she can signal her by banging on the pipes.
On Carlino's next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Mike to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Mike, too, is a criminal, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Carlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him that the doll is at Sam's studio. The three leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord.
When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in, and Susy sends her to the bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the bulbs in the apartment's light fixtures except for the one in Sam's photography 'safe light'. She also pours a chemical into a bowl. When Mike returns, he realizes that she knows the truth and demands the doll, but she refuses to cooperate. Mike has spent more time than the others with Susy, and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three of them, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Mike assures Susy that she does not need to worry about Roat, as he has sent Carlino to kill him. However, having anticipated their plan, Roat has killed Carlino instead, and, as Mike prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat stabs him in the back.
Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. Susy finally agrees to give him the doll, and he puts out the fire. Susy throws the chemical at Roat's face and desperately unplugs the 'safe light' while Roat throws his knife at her, which misses and embeds itself in the wall as the apartment is plunged into darkness. Roat lights a match but hastily puts it out when Susy, having found the gasoline, starts splashing it in his direction and onto him. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, hearing the refrigerator come on, and weeping as she realizes that she has lost the battle, pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a large kitchen knife. Roat then pushes Susy towards the bedroom, implying that he will now hurt her. He pushes her forward, then pins her to the wall and begins attacking her. Susy, repulsed, uses the knife to stop the assault and Roat collapses, seriously wounded. She flees but is unable to escape through the chained door. She stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, but Roat unexpectedly leaps up from the floor and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator's cord, murmuring desperately, "Where is it?" She finally finds the cord and unplugs it, plunging the house into darkness. As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife, Susy's scream merges with the sound of a police siren, and the scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police break open the door and enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb, and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, safe.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film, composed by Henry Mancini, was adapted to the film's climax: dark, oppressive and terrifying. Mancini combined with the orchestra two pianos tuned a quarter tone apart, melodic instruments—sitar, electric harpsichord, electric guitar, and a whistler in the main title (a haunting, minor-mode melody in the style of Experiment in Terror). Mancini also composed an alternate main theme that was not used in the film and can be found as "Henry Mancini Alternate Main Title".
Exhibition.
To immerse viewers in the suspense of the climactic scene, movie theater owners dimmed their lights to the legal limits, and then turned them off, one by one, as each light bulb was smashed on-screen, until the audiences were in complete darkness.
Reception.
The film was one of the most popular of its year, earning North American rentals of $7,350,000.
Bosley Crowther called it a "barefaced melodrama, without character revelation of any sort, outside of the demonstration of a person with the fortitude to overcome an infirmity"; he liked Hepburn's performance, saying "the sweetness with which Miss Hepburn plays the poignant role, the quickness with which she changes and the skill with which she manifests terror attract sympathy and anxiety to her and give her genuine solidity in the final scenes".
"Time" magazine said the film had a "better scenario, set and cast" than the play's Broadway production that preceded it, and while "the story is as full of holes as a kitchen colander", "Hepburn's honest, posture-free performance helps to suspend the audience's disbelief" and she is "immensely aided by the heavies: Jack Weston, Richard Crenna, and Alan Arkin...With virtuosity, Hepburn and Arkin collaborate to revive an old theme—The-Helpless-Girl-Against-the-Odds—that has been out of fashion since Dorothy McGuire and Barbara Stanwyck screamed for help in "The Spiral Staircase" and "Sorry, Wrong Number".
Roger Ebert wrote "Miss Hepburn is perhaps too simple and trusting, and Alan Arkin (as a sadistic killer) is not particularly convincing in an exaggerated performance. But there are some nice, juicy passages of terror (including that famous moment when every adolescent girl in the theater screams), and after a slow start the plot does seduce you".
The film ranked tenth on Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments" for its riveting climax.
Awards and honors.
American Film Institute recognition

</doc>
<doc id="19755493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755493" title="Claus Winter Hjelm">
Claus Winter Hjelm

Claus Winter Hjelm, also known as Winter-Hjelm (21 May 1797 – 22 October 1871) was a Norwegian legal scholar and judge.
Personal life.
He was born in Strand as the son of Claus Winter Hjelm, Sr. and Serine Gundersdatter.
In September 1828 he married Wilhelmine Johanne von Munthe af Morgenstierne (1810–1858). His father-in-law was then Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Sr., and through the Morgenstierne family he was also an uncle of Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Christian Otto Carl Lasson and Bredo Henrik Lasson. Claus' and Wilhelmine's son Otto Winter-Hjelm was a notable musician. Their daughter Emilie Constance Hjelm married architect Georg Andreas Bull, a brother of Ole Bull and grandnephew of Johan Randulf Bull. They had several children, including architect Henrik Bull.
Career.
Claus Winter Hjelm was hired as a lecturer in jurisprudence at the Royal Frederick University in 1826, and promoted to professor in 1834. From 1843 he was a Supreme Court Justice. He died in 1871 in Christiania.

</doc>
<doc id="19755498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755498" title="Dorothy McClements">
Dorothy McClements

Dorothy Dale Elizabeth McClements (born December 31, 1944 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) was an American gymnast. She competed for the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="19755508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755508" title="Edvard Bull">
Edvard Bull

Edvard Bull may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19755528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755528" title="Body and Soul (David Murray album)">
Body and Soul (David Murray album)

Body and Soul is the sixteenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray, Sonelius Smith, Wilber Morris, Rashied Ali and Taana Running.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4½ stars stating "No matter how many albums Murray issues, he never coasts or goes through the motions. This is mainly a quartet date, although Murray shows on the title track his ability to back a singer as Taana Running gives a moving vocal, complete with her original lyrics. Otherwise, these are either spirited uptempo numbers or equally energized ballads. Murray's sweeping tenor sound remains a marvel, and few can match him in controlling drive, pitch and volume. Drummer Rashied Ali has not lost the rippling intensity from his days with John Coltrane; he and Murray conclude things in a dazzling duo performance on "Cuttin' Corners" deliberately intended to evoke memories of the Coltrane/Ali album Interstellar Space.".

</doc>
<doc id="19755531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755531" title="Luc Thuillier">
Luc Thuillier

Luc Thuillier is a French actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19755533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755533" title="Hélène Vincent">
Hélène Vincent

Hélène Vincent, born 9 September 1943, is a French actress.
She received a César Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1989 for her role as Madame Marielle Le Quesnoy in Life Is a Long Quiet River and another in 1992 for J'embrasse pas.

</doc>
<doc id="19755535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755535" title="Renée Faure">
Renée Faure

Renée Faure (born in Paris on 4 November 1919, died in Clamart, Hauts de Seine, on 2 May 2005) was a French stage and film actress.
She was a jury member during the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19755538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755538" title="Jacques Mathou">
Jacques Mathou

Jacques Mathou is a French actor, best known for his appearance in "Delicatessen".

</doc>
<doc id="19755540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755540" title="Michel Berto">
Michel Berto

Michel Berto (born in Grenoble in 25 December 1939, died in Paris (15e), 25 December 1995) was a French actor. He was the brother of French actress Juliet Berto.

</doc>
<doc id="19755569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755569" title="West Worldham">
West Worldham

West Worldham is a small village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is southeast of Alton. Hartley Mauditt and East Worldham are nearby, which along with West Worldham form the Parish of Worldham. West Worldham contains some eighteen houses with a population of about 50; about half the population of 1851, when it was 98. Of note is the Manor Farm and cottage and the late 12th century St Nicholas Church, both Grade II listed buildings.
History.
Archeological findings in the fields between West and East Worldham reveal that the area has been visited and inhabited since at least the Palaeolithic era. An Iron Age hillfort, dated to around 100 BC, lay on the summit of King John‘s Hill, to the east of East Worldham. The Romans built a road from Chichester to Silchester that passed below the hill over what is now Green Street and Pookles Lane.
The village is believed to have been part of "Werildeham", mentioned in the Domesday Book. At this time, Worldham manor was held by Marshal Geoffrey de Venuz. However, the first mention of West Worldham as a village is in a document dated October 1277. In the late 12th century, Richard de Annecy granted the newly built church of St Nicholas of Worldeham to Hamble Priory.
During its history, Worldham has been spelled in many different ways, including Verilham, Worldham and Werldham in the 14th century and Wardelham in the 16th century. An early occupant was Thomas Paynil, who "died possessed of West Worlddham lands and tenements". During the reign of Edward II, "John Paynel was seized in his demesne as of fee of certain tenements and lands afterwards called the manor of West Worldham and Matilda". Godwin held Worldham during this period, and the land was assessed at 1 hide and 1 yardland. In 1428, the village had "not ten domicilia tenantes". During the medieval period, the area was a noted hunting ground, and the descendents of Geoffrey de Venuz established a private deer park and hunting lodge near here. 
The naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White immortalized the localities of the region, including West Worldham, in his "The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne" (1789). In 1846, Henry Moody, curator of the Winchester Museum wrote about West Worldham, "a perpetual curacy in the gift of Winchester College, worth according to the Parliamentary returns £38; but has since received two additional endowments of £200 from Queen Anne's Bounty, and £200 from the warden and fellows of Winchester College, who are the appropriators of the tythes, and patrons of the living." In the next decade, John Dutton, 2nd Baron Sherborne was lord of the manor and his son, James Dutton, 3rd Baron Sherborne was noted to be its owner in the 1870s. In the late 1800s, William Wickham, MP, was the Guardian of West Worldham. By the early 20th century, the parish of Worldham remained under ownership of Winchester College and the Dutton Estate.
In May 1944, a Junkers Ju 188 was shot down by a Mosquito nearby and its debris was scattered across the village, including the church wall. Later, the inhabitants had to be evacuated when a bomb fell into the field opposite Manor Farm, and had to be defused and removed by the Royal Engineers. In 1962, the Dutton Estate holdings were sold to seven tenant farmers who retained the land they farmed but sold the remaining woodlands and properties.
Geography.
West Worldham is located in the eastern central part of Hampshire, in the southeast of England, southeast of Alton and by road northwest of Bordon. In 1862, West Worldham reportedly had an area of 447 acres. The landscape is dominated by farmland and several woods such as Hamble Pits Copse, Wild Duck Copse, Little Wood Copse, Warner's Wood and Pheasant Wood are in the vicinity. There are also rich and dry meadows, as well as greensand. Beyond some slopes is the junction of Oakhanger Stream with River Wey, while the extreme western end of the Weald is situated nearby. Chloritic Marl, characterized as a narrow band at the base of the Chalk Marl, is seen in the lane leading from Alton to West Worldham, and also north-west of Selbourne. Blanket Street connects the village to Hartley Mauditt just to the southwest and East Worldham, a mile to the northeast. At East Worldham this road meets the B3004 road (Caker's Lane) near The Three Horseshoes. The other road leads to the southwest beyond Little Wood Copse and joins the B3006 road (Selbourne Road). The nearest railway station is Alton, northwest of the village.
Economy.
West Worldham has a population of about 50 people, out of 336 people who live in the Parish of Worldham as of 2001. Most houses in the area date to the pre-20th century; however in recent times numerous farm buildings have been converted to housing and for industrial purposes. According to the parish website, there are now "two significant industrial developments within the parish". The local economy is based around agriculture, particularly cattle farming.
Beef cattle, sheep, grain crops, and hops are the main sources of income, Farmers from West Worldham traded in Southampton and Alton throughout its history. Most inhabitants are either retired or commute to nearby towns to work. Worldham Golf Course is located just to the north of West Worldham. The Jalsa Salana, an annual convention held at Oaklands Farm in East Worldham, attracts numerous people from surrounding areas.
Notable landmarks.
Manor Farm House is a Grade II listed building and the farm and its cottages are the main feature in West Worldham. It was owned for some time by the Broce family. Manor Farm is one of the UK's twenty-three Feather Down Farms. Pullens Farmhouse is also a Grade II listed building, and although its inscription dates to 1652, it shows medieval characteristics. 
Adjacent to the Manor Farm is St Nicholas Church, small church dated to the late 12th century, which forms one of eleven churches in the Northanger benefice. It fell into ruin and lost its roof before it was restored in the late Victorian period in 1888. It is a single-cell building, with 2 small lancets on the north side, and contains windows dated to the 15th and 16th century. The two doorways date to the 13th century, and the timber-framed porch on the south side to the 15th century. The interior is described as "plain, with a piscina in the east wall and 2 in the nave, an octagonal font, and 3 wall monuments of the late 18th century." The church became a listed building on 31 July 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19755604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755604" title="Israel Dammon trial">
Israel Dammon trial

The Israel Dammon trial was a court case which occurred in 1845. The main protagonist, Israel Dammon (1811–1886) (also spelled Damman or Damon), was summoned for disturbing the peace during loud, fanatical worship in a farmhouse in Atkinson, Maine on February 15 of that year. Present were Christians from the Millerite Adventist tradition.
A transcript of the trial was rediscovered in the 1980s, revealing a fuller picture of the incident. Of interest to Seventh-day Adventists, two primary church founders James and Ellen G. White are mentioned in the transcript, although they were not under trial themselves and did not appear in court. Dorinda Baker, an alleged early Adventist prophet, was also present at the farmhouse.
History.
In 15 February 1845, a group of Millerite Adventists led by Israel Dammon met for very lively, exuberant worship. Ellen White (then Ellen Harmon) was present, and was 17 years of age at the time. Israel Dammon was arrested that night for disturbing the peace, and later tried. Ellen White described the incident in "Spiritual Gifts" vol. 2. A local newspaper account of the trial which was published in 7 March 1845 in the "Piscataguis Farmer" of Dover in Piscataquis County, Maine, United States (now the "Piscataquis Observer"; website) was rediscovered and republished in the 1980s. It also mentions Ellen White (then Ellen Harmon):
The first major critic to use the Israel Dammon trial to undermine the prophetic authority of Ellen G. White was Miles Grant. In a debate he held with D. M. Canright in 1874 Grant brought up the fact that he had a letter from Dammon alleging "that he had been acquainted with the Whites when she had her first visions. At first he had confidence in them but then renounced them." Canright responded that he was personally acquainted with Dammon and that he was a leader of a band of fanatics who believed that the dead had arisen and gone up. "The visions condemned him for his fanaticism which caused him to turn against them." Later, after Canright apostatized, in his systematic gathering of criticisms against Ellen G. White he did not find Dammon's allegations credible enough to include in his later writings against her prophetic ministry.
The Ellen G. White Estate wrote, "none of the witnesses in the record of Israel Dammon's trial allege any fanatical activity by 17-year-old Ellen Harmon." They do not believe her attendance represented an endorsement.
One witness stated, "I never saw such confusion, not even in a drunken frolic."

</doc>
<doc id="19755609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755609" title="Aarhus Frogs">
Aarhus Frogs

The Aarhus Frogs Flag Football Club is an amateur flag football Club located in Århus, Denmark, a university city with 300,000 residents located in Jutland.
The Frogs are a member of DAFF, the Danish American Football Federation and had two teams playing in the Danish Flag Football League.
The Frogs was founded in 2006, as an alternative to the Aarhus Warthogs, which forms part of the Aarhus Tigers franchise. The club has grown, in two years, to become one of the largest flag football clubs in Denmark (currently in top five).
In 2013, Aarhus Frogs became Pokal & FlagFootball Champions. This is the clubs first "Mesterskab" (Championship).

</doc>
<doc id="19755634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755634" title="Weston, East Hampshire">
Weston, East Hampshire

Weston is a hamlet in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is southwest of Petersfield.
The nearest railway station is Petersfield, northeast of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19755636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755636" title="Mr. Mudd">
Mr. Mudd

Mr. Mudd is a film production company founded in 1998 by Lianne Halfon, John Malkovich, and Russell Smith. The production company is also well known for producing three films "Ghost World, "Juno", and "The Perks of Being a Wallflower. All three films are about struggling teenagers. All three films received critical acclaim.
Formation of the company.
The company is named for a Thai man (and convicted murderer) named Mr. Mudd who acted as Malkovich's driver while he was making "The Killing Fields" in 1983.
Malkovich met Russell Smith in high school, where Smith was a star basketball player for the Lanphier High School Lions in Springfield, Illinois. The two later became freshmen roommates at Eastern Illinois University. Malkovich later co-founded the Steppenwolf Theater Company, and invited Smith to become a writer for the troupe. Smith later produced a number of Steppenwolf plays, then moved into film production. Malkovich and Smith formed the Smith-Malkovich film production company in 1994.
Malkovich met Lianne Halfon in the late 1980s while she was an executive at A&M Films. Malkovich and Halfon were both bidding for the film rights to author Don DeLillo's 1988 novel about Lee Harvey Oswald, "Libra". A&M films won the auction, and Halfon asked Malkovich to help develop the property. Although the film never coalesced, Malkovich asked Halfon to help produce a version of the novel as a play for the Steppenwolf Theater. The three first met while developing "Libra" for Steppenwolf.
Having Malkovich's name attached to the company did not initially prove valuable. According to Smith, writers and financers kept turning down Mr. Mudd because they assumed Malkovich would want to star in the film. The company was forced to stop mentioning Malkovich's involvement, and did not look for a property for Malkovich to act in for three years.
Operations.
Malkovich describes his involvement in the company as minimal, limited to finding novels and plays which might be worth producing. Russell Smith, however, says that Malkovich also is good at developing a property, provides excellent script notes, and has a strong sense of good editing. According to Halfon, the three principals are attracted to properties for very different reasons, but each has the "same sensibility": "Each of us might pick up a different book, but what that person finds interesting in that book will be something the other two will see as something that can make a movie."
Halfon has described the three principals as very hands-on during production. "We are there every day on the set, we're there at the answer print, we're there at the mix, we're there at the delivery. We supervise the transfer to DVD," she told "Filmmaker" magazine in 2003. Helping writers and directors protect their vision of what the film should be, she says, is what draws filmmakers to Mr. Mudd.
Beginning in 2003, Mr. Mudd became more involved in producing films for television. The principals say they enjoy the faster production times which television offers.
The company had a financing and development deal with United Artists which ended in 2004. The deal funded production costs, but not Mr. Mudd's overhead. When the UA deal ended, Mr. Mudd began raising money for its projects through private equity financing. Mr. Mudd signed a first look deal with Mandate Pictures in July 2008.
Currently, Mr. Mudd is in post-production on two films: Chávez, directed by Diego Luna, and Labor Day, directed by Jason Reitman. Director Jean-Marc Vallée is set to direct "Demolition" for 2015 release date.

</doc>
<doc id="19755662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755662" title="Woman's World (film)">
Woman's World (film)

"Woman's World, also known as A Woman's World", is a 1954 Technicolor drama film about corporate America. Three men compete for the top job at a large company.
Plot.
When the general manager of Gifford Motors dies, company owner Ernest Gifford (Clifton Webb) invites the three candidates for the position to New York so he can personally evaluate them and their wives. Bill and Katie Baxter (Cornel Wilde and June Allyson) are a loving couple from Kansas City. Elizabeth Burns (Lauren Bacall) is becoming estranged from her driven husband Sidney (Fred MacMurray) because his work is consuming him and undermining his health; she fears a promotion would eventually kill him. Jerry Talbot (Van Heflin), who has a sexy, ambitious wife, Carol (Arlene Dahl), rounds out the trio.
As time goes by, Katie is shown to be a bit of a klutz, both physically and socially. On the other hand, Elizabeth is both poised and gracious. Despite their differences, she and Katie get along well. When the couples are unexpectedly invited to spend the weekend at the estate of Gifford's sister Evelyn Andrews, (Margalo Gillmore), Elizabeth generously helps Katie buy appropriate clothing on a limited budget.

</doc>
<doc id="19755677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755677" title="Drug Testing and Analysis (journal)">
Drug Testing and Analysis (journal)

Drug Testing and Analysis is a Monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 2009 and published by John Wiley & Sons. It focuses on six key topics: sports doping, illicit/recreational drug use, pharmaceutics, toxico-pathology, forensics/homeland security, and environment.
The current editor-in-chief is Mario Thevis (German Sport University Cologne).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Chemical Abstracts Service, EMBASE, MEDLINE/PubMed, Science Citation Index Expanded, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="19755705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755705" title="Nemški Rovt">
Nemški Rovt

Nemški Rovt (in older sources also "Nemški Rut", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19755714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755714" title="Grevillea celata">
Grevillea celata

Grevillea celata (Nowa Nowa Grevillea or Colquhoun Grevillea) is a shrub which is endemic to Victoria, Australia. It is closely related to "Grevillea alpina" and "Grevillea chrysophaea". 
It grows to between 0.4 to 1.8 metres in height. The undivided leaves are tomentose underneath and are 20 to 45 mm long and 4 to 18 mm wide. The leaf margins are recurved, sometimes to the extent of being near-revolute.. Flowers appear between July and February (mid winter to late summer) in its native range. These have perianths which are red at the base and yellow at the top, or alternatively red/white, apricot/white or occasionally all yellow. The styles are green at the base, becoming pink or red towards the tip, with the tip itself being green. Occasionally these are completely light green in colour.
The species was first formally described by Bill Molyneux in "Muelleria" in 1995. 
"G. celata" occurs in dry, sclerophyll woodland in Colquhoun State Forest in south-eastern Victoria.
The species is listed as "Vulnerable" under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act, "threatened" in Victoria under the Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 and "Vulnerable in Victoria" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's "Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="19755719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755719" title="Wheatley, Hampshire">
Wheatley, Hampshire

Wheatley is a hamlet (place) in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is southeast of the village of Binsted, east of Alton.
The nearest railway station is Bentley, north of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19755732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755732" title="Nomenj">
Nomenj

Nomenj is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19755744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755744" title="Port Adelaide Football Club drafting and trading history">
Port Adelaide Football Club drafting and trading history

The Port Adelaide Football Club have drafted players through the Australian Football League's draft system, beginning with the 1996 AFL Draft. They have participated in every National Draft since then, and also participated in some Pre-season Drafts and each Rookie Draft (first held in 1997).
1998 AFL Draft.
Rookie Elevation.
Barnaby French

</doc>
<doc id="19755750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755750" title="Sivakavi">
Sivakavi

Sivakavi was a 1943 Tamil-language film directed, initially, by P. K. Raja Sandow and later, S. M. Sriramulu Naidu. It starred M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, S. Jayalakshmi, Serukulathur Sama, Thripuramba, T. R. Rajakumari, N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Madhuram. The Movie was shot at Central Studios and released by Pakshiraja Films in Coimbatore.
Production.
Shooting was started in 1942 with P. K. Raja Sandow as the director. But soon afterwards, there were disputes between Raja Sandow and the producer S. M. Sriramulu Naidu. With the progress of the filming, the disagreement between the two reached such high proportions that eventually, Sriramulu Naidu dismissed Raja Sandow and took over the reins himself. The film was completed in 1942-43 and released in theatres all over Madras Presidency in early 1943.
The lyrics for the songs were penned by the music director Papanasam Sivan. He originally penned the song "Vadaname Chandra Bhimbamo" as "Mugam Adhu Chandra Bimbamo". But when M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar pointed out to Sivan how "Mugam Adhu" sounded like "Muhammad", Sivan changed it to "Vadaname".
T. R. Rajakumari, in one of her early roles, plays a court dancer or "devadasi" who falls in love with M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar. S. Jayalakshmi plays the Heroine.
Post-production.
The film was a resounding hit. It even grossed money in districts of the Presidency which did not have significant Tamil-speaking populations.

</doc>
<doc id="19755756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755756" title="Saw – The Ride">
Saw – The Ride

Saw – The Ride is a custom Euro-Fighter roller coaster in the Thorpe Park theme park in the United Kingdom. It is themed around the "Saw" horror film franchise. Advertised as "the world's most terrifying coaster", "Saw - The Ride" is the first and only horror-film themed roller-coaster in the world. 
Background information.
The codename "Project Dylan" was used during construction to keep the movie tie-in secret, until the full details were announced on Friday 13 October 2008. The name 'Dylan' in fact came from the project director's cat, with no actual relevance to the ride. A small tag reading "PRO. D9LAN" is printed on the side of the Saw Store.
During construction, a large section of the Canada Creek Railway had to be rebuilt, a small section of the Samurai queue was also affected. Competition winners and annual pass holders were allowed to attend a preview event, before it opened to the public on Saturday 14 March 2009 a year later. Saw – Alive, a live-action horror maze, was opened at the park in 2010 to complement the ride.
A Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor was displayed next to the ride, however was removed at the beginning of the 2013 season due to vandalism.
Ride experience.
The ride starts with an indoor section, where riders pass Jigsaw's equipment and Billy on his tricycle, who laughs at you as the train passes by. If you are on the second dispatched car (two cars are dispatched one after the other), the vehicle will stop while Billy gives a speech, informing you that there is no escape, and proclaiming 'here's what happens when you lose' before allowing the train to pass - this regulates the distance between the cars. Riders then approach two dimly lit swinging blades which appear to get closer, before a previously unseen nearly vertical drop saves the riders from hitting them, seemingly plunging them directly into a pit of strobe-lit spikes which are narrowly avoided. The train travels along a straight piece of track and the riders are blasted with air firing from crossbows giving the effect of the syringes loaded in the crossbows firing over the riders' heads. The train goes into a barrel roll, as riders can see Jigsaw in a pool of blood. 'Blood' (water) is sprayed at the train from the body, as it goes upside down past it, with a loud scream being heard at the same time. Then the train exits the warehouse and travels towards the vertical lift hill. 
Before going up, riders pass two large TV screens and a digital clock. When the digital clock counts down to zero, Billy appears on the TVs and Jigsaw says "Game over". Billy's evil laugh can be heard three times as the lift hill starts up, and the cars begin to rise, gradually speeding up as they do so. The cars then dive down the 100° drop (reaching ) and pass under large spinning blades, which also appear to be covered in bits of blood. The second inversion then takes place, an Immelmann loop, which delivers three seconds of weightlessness. This is followed by a tight overbanked corner and an airtime hill. The on-ride photos are taken as the cars rise to the left into a set of brakes. Then they descend a steep drop into a dive loop and the ride ends with a banked turn into the final brake run. The train makes a turn to the right into the station to be unloaded.
It was also possible for riders to buy a DVD of their ride experience, using cameras mounted to the front of the car and the back of the front seats, but the cameras were removed in 2012. The ride is extremely rough for riders, especially at the bottom of the major drop and various corkscrew elements throughout the ride. Some riders have complained of headaches after the ride, leading Thorpe Park to sell headache tablets at their gift shops for the ride.
Thorpe Park announced that the ride is not suitable for children under the age of 12. They can still ride if they meet the height restriction of 1,4m, but might find it too frightening.
Queue.
The entrance is situated at the back of the Saw Plaza. The exterior queue line consists of mock razor wire fences and various large torture implements rusting on the ground (most of which come from the films). Walkie talkie announcements are heard from policemen inside the building, often sounding as if they are panicking. Loud ambient music is played throughout the area. The queue travels around the back of the warehouse and then into the building itself. Inside, riders walk through a dimly lit corridor, with four shotguns hanging from the ceiling. The guns 'fire' every few minutes to give a jump effect. The corridor leads up some stairs past a cage with a trap (the Rack from "Saw III") seen in it. On special occasions, live actors are placed in this cage and act as Jigsaw's victims. Above the queue, a body is seen tangled in barbed wire (referencing the first "Saw"), before the queue goes into the station. In here, mannequin parts are fixed in various small devices or hanging from the walls, and misted windows flash on the wall opposite the queue.
Once finished, riders exit the cars and walk back down another stairway. The two industrial fans on the exterior of the Saw warehouse are seen on the wall by the exit path. A short video of Billy plays at the end of the stairs. More mannequin parts hang from above, as well as a severed head on a weighing scales (as seen in a poster for "Saw IV"). Riders then exit the building and pass the Saw Store and Photo Booth.
Incidents.
On 11 March 2009, the ride was scheduled to be launched by a group of invited celebrities, including the director of "Saw II", "Saw III" and "Saw IV" Darren Lynn Bousman, who posted an account of his experience on his Facebook profile. The ride experienced a delay, a barrier shut-down and a subsequent stop, blamed by park officials on a computer programming error. An ambulance was called when one woman suffered a panic attack.
On 14 March 2009, the ride was scheduled to officially open to the public. However, less than two hours after the park's opening, the ride was shut down due to technical difficulties (braking and sensor failures) and did not re-open for the remainder of the day, and was also closed for the following day. Thorpe Park offered complimentary tickets to all guests who had bought tickets at the gate, and free priority passes for the ride to all annual pass holders.

</doc>
<doc id="19755766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755766" title="Summit One Tower">
Summit One Tower

The Summit One Tower is an office skyscraper located at Mandaluyong City, Philippines. Originally built as a condominium project called Paladium Summit but when the concrete shell was completed the project fell through until a local tycoon bought and converted it into an office tower. Summit One Tower was previously owned and managed by Facilities Incorporated.
It is now owned and managed by Summit One Tower Building and Allied Assets, a part of the ATN Group of Companies. The building is registered as an economic zone with the Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) and its IT locator tenants benefit from government tax incentives. Although there is no sufficient source to confirm is official height, Skyscraperpage's website has an official diagram suggesting its height to be around 200 meters, which is highly dubious.

</doc>
<doc id="19755788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755788" title="Whitehill, Hampshire">
Whitehill, Hampshire

Whitehill is a village and civil parish in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is south of Bordon.
The nearest railway station is Liss, south of the village.
For more information on Whitehill-Bordon and the eco-town proposal, see Bordon.
Transport.
Both Bordon and Whitehill straddle the very busy A325 road and the A3 road London to Portsmouth road passes through the parish (though not the town itself). The completion of the Hindhead Tunnel in July 2011, has improved road access to London. The tunnel is also likely to remove some through-traffic presently taking the A325 through Bordon to avoid frequent delays at traffic lights in Hindhead; including some Guildford and M25-bound traffic from the south diverting via Farnham.
The nearest railway station is southeast of the town, at . The town used to have its own railway station on the Longmoor Military Railway but this closed in 1969. The Association of Train Operating Companies has proposed that a new railway line serve the town.
There was a bus link to Liphook railway station which was discontinued in May 2009. Stagecoach bus 18 passes through the town on the way from Haslemere to Farnham and Aldershot. Stagecoach bus 13 passes through as it travels between Liphook and Alton.

</doc>
<doc id="19755794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755794" title="Gutian, Shanghang County">
Gutian, Shanghang County


</doc>
<doc id="19755814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755814" title="Wyck, Hampshire">
Wyck, Hampshire

Wyck is a hamlet in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is northeast of the village of East Worldham, east of Alton, just off the B3004 road.It has a total of 24 households, 3 of which are in the Wyck Place Estate. It is a small hamlet with an agricultural heritage and it is walking distance from its closest neighbour East Worldham and Binsted.
History.
There is a rumour that there used to be a small monastery on Monkwood Hill and would have owned all the land but, unfortunately all evidence was destroyed during the reign of Henry VIII. The main feature today is the Old Oast House.
The nearest railway station is Alton, west of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19755824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755824" title="Troides oblongomaculatus">
Troides oblongomaculatus

The Oblong-spotted Birdwing ("Troides oblongomaculatus") is a birdwing butterfly found in Indonesia and New Guinea.
"T. oblongomaculatus" is the only "Troides" species found as far east as New Guinea. It has been assumed that the species originated in the Moluccas and later penetrated into Melanesia. It is a common species, the larva of which feed on "Aristolochia tagala".
Subspecies.
Nine subspecies are recognized. These are:
Related species.
"Troides oblongomaculatus" is a member of the "Troides helena" species group. The members of this clade are:

</doc>
<doc id="19755838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755838" title="Norwegian parliamentary election, 1906">
Norwegian parliamentary election, 1906

Parliamentary elections were held in Norway between 5 and 27 August 1906, with a second round held between 26 August and 22 October. The result was a victory for the Liberal Party, which won 73 of the 123 seats in the Storting.

</doc>
<doc id="19755854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755854" title="Yorishiro">
Yorishiro

The concept and the use of "yorishiro" are not exclusive to Japan, but arise spontaneously in animistic cultures. In monotheistic religions animals and objects are just works of the world's creator, whereas to animists they are the natural residence of spirits, "kami" in the case of Japan.
History.
"Yorishiro" and their history are intimately connected with the birth of Shinto shrines. Early Japanese did not have the notion of anthropomorphic deities, and felt the presence of spirits in nature and its phenomena. Mountains, forests, rain, wind, lightning and sometimes animals were thought to be charged with spiritual power, and the material manifestations of this power were worshiped as "kami", entities closer in their essence to Polynesian mana than to a Western God. Village councils sought the advice of "kami" and developed the "yorishiro", tools that attracted "kami" acting like a lightning rod. "Yorishiro" were conceived to attract the "kami" and then give them a physical space to occupy to make them accessible to human beings for ceremonies, which is still their purpose today. Village council sessions were held in a quiet spot in the mountains or in a forest near a great tree, rock or other natural object that served as a "yorishiro". These sacred places and their "yorishiro" gradually evolved into the shrines of today. The very first buildings at shrines were certainly just huts built to house some "yorishiro". 
A trace of this origin can be found in the term , literally meaning "deity storehouse", which evolved into "hokora" (also written with the character 神庫), one of the earliest words for a shrine. Most of the sacred objects we find today in shrines (trees, mirrors, swords, "magatama" stones) were originally "yorishiro", and only later became "kami" themselves by association.
Common "yorishiro".
The most common "yorishiro" are swords, mirrors, ritual staffs decorated with paper streamers called gohei, comma-shaped jewels called , large rocks ( or , and sacred trees. "Kami" dwell often in unusually shaped rocks or trees, or in caves and earth mounds. "Yorishiro" can also be persons, and in that case they are called .
Trees.
Because of Shinto's nature, "yorishiro" are often natural objects like trees. Significantly, the characters for can all be read, besides "jinja" and "yashiro", also "mori" ("tree grove"). This reading reflects the fact that the first shrines were simply sacred groves or forests where "kami" were present. Many shrines still have on their grounds one of the original great "yorishiro", a great tree surrounded by a sacred rope called . Now such trees have become divine by association, and no longer simply represent a "kami".
Shinto altars called "himorogi" are usually just square areas demarcated with green bamboo or "sakaki" at the corners supporting sacred border ropes ("shimenawa"). A branch of "sakaki" at the center is erected as a "yorishiro".
Iwasaka.
An "iwasaka" is a stone altar or mound erected as a "yorishiro" to call a "kami" for worship. The concepts of "iwasaka" and "iwakura" are so close that some suggest the two words are in fact synonymous.
"Yorishiro" in homes.
"Yorishiro" are, however, most numerous in people's homes. During the New Year's holidays people decorate their entrances with "kadomatsu", which are the "yorishiro" of the new year's "kami". "Kamifuda", pieces of paper representing the "kami", are hung above the door. There are "kami" who dwell in the toilet ("benjō-gami") and in the well ("suijin"). The "kamado-gami" lives in the oven, and its function is to protect the house from fires. Other common "yorishiro" are the small altar called "kamidana" and the "butsudan", which is an altar for the dead. ("Butsudan" were originally meant just for Buddhist worship, but now often contain also memorial tablets called ""ihai"", which are "yorishiro" used to recall the spirits of one's dead ancestors). In shops one often sees clay cats with a raised paw called "manekineko" or rake-like bamboo objects called "kumade" supposed to attract good business.

</doc>
<doc id="19755874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755874" title="Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's">
Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's

The women's triathlon was part of the triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which was established in 2000. The competition was held on Monday, August 18, 2008 at the Triathlon Venue at the Ming Tomb Reservoir in Shisanling. Fifty-five triathletes from thirty nations competed.
For the first time in Olympic history, all three medalists finished the race in less than two hours.
Competition format.
The race was held over the "international distance" (also called "Olympic distance") and consisted of swimming, , road cycling, and road running.

</doc>
<doc id="19755876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755876" title="Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's">
Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's

The men's triathlon was part of the Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which was established in 2000. The competition was held on Tuesday, August 19, 2008 at the Triathlon Venue at the Ming Tomb Reservoir in Shisanling. Fifty-five triathletes from 31 nations competed.
The men's triathlon was won by Jan Frodeno of Germany with a time of 1:48:53.28. Simon Whitfield of Canada, who previously won this event in 2000, claimed the silver, while New Zealand's Bevan Docherty, silver medalist at the 2004 Athens, took the bronze. For the first time in Olympic history, two athletes had won more than a single medal in triathlon.
Competition format.
The race was held over the "international distance" (also called "Olympic distance") and consisted of swimming, , road cycling, and road running.

</doc>
<doc id="19755877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755877" title="Foy, Herefordshire">
Foy, Herefordshire

Foy is a hamlet and parish in Herefordshire, England. By road, it is north of Ross-on-Wye, south east of Hereford and south west of Ledbury. The hamlet lies in a loop of the River Wye with the nearest vehicle bridges at Ross and Hoarwithy.
The church is dedicated to St Mary. The south porch dates from the early 14th-century and the tower is in the Decorated style.
The civil parish of Foy includes Hole-in-the-Wall, and Old Gore and had a population in mid-2010 of 158. Hole-in-the-Wall on the east bank of the River Wye is accessible by a footbridge, built in 1919 by David Rowell & Co.. It featured in the British television series "Survivors", in an episode titled "Gone Away" (1975).
The Herefordshire Trail and Wye Valley Walk long distance footpaths pass through Hole-in-the-Wall.
When Peter Mandelson was introduced to the House of Lords, he was introduced as "Baron Mandelson of Foy in the county of Herefordshire and Hartlepool in the county of Durham". He had bought a cottage in the village in the mid 1980s and sold it in 1992. The Labour Party's red rose logo is said to have been inspired by a shrub in his garden there.

</doc>
<doc id="19755917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755917" title="Yacht Club de Chile">
Yacht Club de Chile

The Yacht Club de Chile is a yacht club in Viña del Mar, Chile. This club was established in 1955.
The Yacht Club de Chile is located in Caleta Higuerilla, a pleasant cove. Its club house has an attached restaurant with a swimming pool and palm trees.
The club's marina provides electric connexions for moored yachts.

</doc>
<doc id="19755931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755931" title="Maria Ruiz Scaperlanda">
Maria Ruiz Scaperlanda

María Ruiz Scaperlanda is American Christian (Roman Catholic) writer and journalist.
Life.
She was born in Pinar del Río, Cuba, and grew up in Puerto Rico. She has an M.A. in English from the University of Oklahoma and a degree in journalism from the University of Texas at Austin. A freelance writer since 1981, she is the author of several books and has been published regularly in numerous national and regional periodicals and newspapers, including "Catholic Digest", "U.S. Catholic", "Our Sunday Visitor" and "The Oklahoman". She and her husband Michael live in Norman, Oklahoma with their four children.

</doc>
<doc id="19755941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755941" title="Wan Chien">
Wan Chien

The Wan Chien () is a cluster bomb researched and produced by the Chungshan Institute of Science and Technology. A total of 4 Wan Chien cluster bombs have been produced and are currently undergoing testing and evaluation with the Republic of China Air Force's AIDC F-CK-1 Ching-kuo fighters. Serial production is expected to start in 2015.
Development.
The Wan Chien has resulted from the Wan Chien project approved by the Ministry of Defence. It partly resembles the AGM-154 Joint Standoff Weapon. The name Wan Chien (萬劍) literally means "Ten Thousand Swords".

</doc>
<doc id="19755955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755955" title="Polje, Bohinj">
Polje, Bohinj

Polje () is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19755956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755956" title="Foreningen Norden">
Foreningen Norden

Foreningen Norden (Norwegian and Danish), Föreningen Norden (Swedish), Norræna félagið (Icelandic), Norrøna Felagið (Faroese) or Pohjola-Norden (Finnish), "The Nordic Association", is an organization in the Nordic countries which exists to promote civil cooperation between the Nordic countries. It was established in 1919, and has sections in Sweden, Norway, Denmark (inclusive Southern Schleswig), Finland, Iceland, Greenland, the Faroe Islands and Åland. Since 1965 these national branches are grouped in an umbrella organization Foreningene Nordens Forbund.
Fields of cooperation include the job exchange program Nordjobb and town twinning between Nordic countries.
It was a proponent for the establishment of the Nordic Council, a political cooperation organization.
The sections publishes quarterly magazines linke "Magasinet Norden" in Norway, "Nordens Tidning" in Sweden, "Norden Nu" in Denmark and "Pohjola-Norden" in Finland.
It is responsible for a range of cultural events including the annual literary festival Nordisk bibliotekuke which was organised in conjunction with the PR-Foreningen for Nordiske Biblioteker up to 2009. The festival was accompanied by an annual teddy bear event for children with a bear provided by Bukowski Design of Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="19755959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755959" title="Anaita Shroff Adajania">
Anaita Shroff Adajania

Anaita Shroff Adajania (born 1972) is an Indian fashion stylist and costume designer. She is the Fashion Director for "Vogue India" magazine.
Career.
She started her career as assistant fashion editor with "Elle" magazine, upon its Indian launch in 1996. Subsequently, she worked with "L'Officiel India", before become the fashion director at "Vogue India".
The owner of the Style Cell company, Adajania has been noted for her design work on several Bollywood films including "Dhoom 2", "Being Cyrus", "Everybody Says I'm Fine!", "Love Aaj Kal" and "Cocktail" (2012). She has notably styled all three films in the "Dhoom series", starting with "Dhoom" (2004) where she worked with John Abraham and Esha Deol's look, followed by "Dhoom 2" (2006) where in she worked with Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Hrithik Roshan and Bipasha Basu, then in 2013 edition of the franchise "Dhoom 3", she styled Katrina Kaif.
Her designs have also been featured in magazines including Vogue, L'Officiel, Elle and Rolling Stone.
Apart from this, she has acted in walk-on roles in films, like "Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge" (1995), wherein she played Sheena, Simran's (Kajol) friend in London whom Raj (Shahrukh Khan) flirts with at the start of the European trip. In "Kal Ho Naa Ho" (2001), she played Gita, Rohit's (Saif Ali Khan) friend.
Personal life.
She married to Indian film director and screenwriter Homi Adajania in 2002, he directed "Being Cyrus" (2006) and "Cocktail" (2012). The couple has two boys, Zreh and Zane.

</doc>
<doc id="19755965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755965" title="Julia Camoys Stonor">
Julia Camoys Stonor

Julia Maria Cristina Mildred Camoys Stonor (born 19 April 1939) is the eldest daughter of Sherman Stonor, 6th Baron Camoys by his wife Jeanne Stourton. She is best known for her books about her family, exposing long-suppressed family scandals and her claims to be the rightful heir to the Camoys barony.
Ancestry.
Julia Camoys Stonor was born Julia Maria Christina Mildred Stonor, the eldest daughter and first child of Ralph Robert Watts "Sherman" Stonor, 6th Baron Camoys of Stonor Park and Newport, Rhode Island, USA (1913–1976), by his wife (Mary) Jeanne Stourton (1913–1987). Her mother was granddaughter maternally of the 4th Viscount Southwell. According to Julia Stonor, the Spanish aristocrat Pedro de Zulueta was her mother's father. 
Legally, Jeanne Stourton was the great-granddaughter patrilineally of the Charles Stourton, 19th Baron Stourton. Jeanne Stourton's great-uncle the 20th Lord Stourton succeeded as 20th Baron Stourton in 1872, and as 23rd Baron Mowbray & 24th Baron Segrave in 1878 when those baronies (last held by the 9th Duke of Norfolk) were called out of abeyance 101 years after his death in 1777.
Biography.
Stonor is the author of "Sherman's Wife: A Wartime Childhood Among the English Aristocracy", a rather scandalous memoir of her controversial mother Jeanne, Lady Camoys. She is currently at work on the second part of her memoirs, "Sherman's Daughter". In the first book, she described her half-Spanish half-English mother, who was fathered by a Spanish aristocrat, and whose lover died in the Spanish Civil War on Franco's side. Stonor alleged in the book that her mother was an ardent Nazi sympathizer, and had been the lover of several men including Joachim von Ribbentrop and her own father-in-law. More controversially, she argued that her mother Jeanne had murdered her husband Lord Camoys (who died in 1976) and that Lady Camoys had been murdered by her younger son Honourable Robert Camoys (died 1994).
In later years, Stonor has claimed that she is the only legitimate child of her parents; her mother's other four children, including the present Lord Camoys, being illegitimate and biologically unrelated to Sherman Stonor. Thus, she has argued that she is the rightful heir to the Camoys barony.
She is an active supporter of several charities, including Exiled Writers Ink!, and has worked as a freelance writer, author, human rights activist, volunteer, and charity-supporter.
Stonor was one of many in attendance at the memorial service of Sir John Mortimer in November 2009.
Family.
Stonor was married to Donald Robin Slomnicki Saunders (d. 1996), and the marriage ended in divorce 1977, followed by an annulment 1978. Two children were born 

</doc>
<doc id="19755967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755967" title="Dieter Koulmann">
Dieter Koulmann

Dieter Koulmann (4 December 1939 – 26 July 1979) was a German footballer. He was part of the Bayern Munich team of the mid-1960s, winning the DFB-Pokal in 1966 and 1967, and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1967. He later had spells with Kickers Offenbach and MSV Duisburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19755983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755983" title="Ravne v Bohinju">
Ravne v Bohinju

Ravne v Bohinju is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Ravne" to "Ravne v Bohinju" in 1955.
Mass grave.
Ravne v Bohinju is the site of a mass grave from the Second World War. The Jate Shaft Mass Grave () is located in the woods southwest of the settlement, at a site where water collects and flows into a cave during heavy rain. The shaft contains the remains of two people thrown into the cave during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19755996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19755996" title="Chafyn Grove School">
Chafyn Grove School

Chafyn Grove School is an independent co-educational day and boarding preparatory school situated on the edge of Salisbury in Wiltshire. Founded in 1879 by Mr. W.C Bird as an all-boys' school, it became Chafyn Grove School in 1916, when it was renamed after its first benefactress, Julia Chafyn Grove.
History.
Chafyn Grove School was built in 1879 by Mr. W.C Bird, and was originally called Salisbury School. In 1889 The Reverend J. C. Alcock bought the school; the school at this time catered for 11 – 18 year old boys. 
In 1897, Julia Chafyn Grove of Zeals House near Mere in Wiltshire died. She was greatly involved with her community and endowed a ward at the Salisbury Hospital and gave an organ to Salisbury Cathedral. In her will, she left £5,000 to assist education in the City of Salisbury, and in particular to provide a school which would take the place of the Elizabethan Grammar School Endowment which Salisbury formerly had. It was decided to use this money to buy Mr Alcock’s school, which was then converted into a Charitable Trust, and the buildings greatly enlarged. The following year, 1898, the new wing was officially opened by Bishop Wordsworth.
1916, the Governors invited Mr. H.L Whytehead to become Headmaster. He transformed the school into a Preparatory School and renamed it Chafyn Grove to commemorate its first benefactress.
Former Deputy Headmaster, Andy Falconer, was Chairman of the Independent Association of Preparatory Schools in 2010/11.
The current Headmaster, Eddy Newton, will be Chairman of the Independent Association of Preparatory Schools in 2013/14.
Chafyn Grove's Under 13 Boys are currently the IAPS National Schools Hockey champions.
Location.
Chafyn Grove School is situated on the edge of Salisbury within of land. The site includes an astro turf, sports hall, swimming pool, extensive playing fields and an adventure playground.

</doc>
<doc id="19756039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756039" title="Bahr Halvorsen's First Cabinet">
Bahr Halvorsen's First Cabinet

Bahr Halvorsen's First Cabinet governed Norway between 21 June 1920 and 22 June 1921. The Conservative and Liberal Left cabinet was led by Otto Bahr Halvorsen. It had the following composition:
State Secretary.
Not to be confused with the modern title State Secretary. The old title State Secretary, used between 1814 and 1925, is now known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").

</doc>
<doc id="19756042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756042" title="Ambassador of Syria to the United States">
Ambassador of Syria to the United States

The Ambassador from Syria to the United States is Syria's foremost diplomatic representative in the United States, and in charge of Syria's diplomatic mission in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="19756053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756053" title="Rehn–Meidner model">
Rehn–Meidner model

The Rehn–Meidner model is an economic model developed in 1951 by two economists of the research and development department of the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (LO), Gösta Rehn and Rudolf Meidner. The model is based upon an interaction between Keynesian fiscal economics, real wage growth, active labour market policies and state intervention. The purpose was to create a positive spiral as part of the business cycle, in accordance with Keynesian theory, as the creation of an expansive welfare state and public investment meant to maintain domestic demand over economic cycles ensured security, safety and stability to labour, capital, business and consumers. This, in turn, helped to ensure low inflation, by helping to prevent wage-price spirals and thereby strengthened trade unions in demanding rising real wages in line with productivity growth, which, combined with the effects of the welfare state and social programs, led to increased purchasing power and consumer confidence, resulting in rising general demand and an upwards, self-maintaining cycle which led to high growth rates and full employment, fueled by progressive taxation and redistribution of wealth, as that further increased spending power and ensured equality of incomes. The four main goals to be achieved were:
Unprofitable enterprises in the market were to be pushed toward what was known as the solidarity wage policy, with rising real wages in line with productivity growth, forcing them to improve their productive capacity in order to improve profitability, through measures such as structural adjustment as well as robotisation and automation of production, and through more indirect means such as improved working conditions meant to decrease rates of sick-leave and increase productivity. All of this freed labour resources, who were then mobilized in high-productive corporations, by means of active labour market policies, as they benefited from the labour costs comparatively favourable to them and were expanding production as general demand rose when real wages, and thereby purchasing power, increased. This led to soaring profits which were re-invested in improving the productive capacity of those corporations, partly to increase profitability, partly to meet the rising demand, partly because tax incentives favoured long-term investments in e.g. research and development, rather than in capital gains and dividends, and partly in order for these corporations not to become unproductive and thereby risk bankruptcy, ensuring high productivity growth and rising real wages, and thereby full employment and an equal distribution of incomes, whilst inflationary pressures were prevented through an incomes policy of national wage arbitration and central collective bargaining between labour unions, industrial representatives and governments, ensuring real wages did not exceed productivity growth through improving other forms of compensation, such as social benefits, working conditions, working hours and employment security.
The Rehn-Meidner Model was utilized in somewhat different shapes across the Western world, and proved successful in achieving its goals, as was shown in the prosperous time of the Post-War Golden Age of Capitalism. The model was made possible, and nations were incentivized to implement it, through the Bretton Woods system, which was the name for the postwar, international financial order, that regulated currencies, exchange rates and capital flows, partly through the use of mutual capital controls, so as to allow nations to finance their welfare states through the use of progressive taxation without fear of speculative attacks, capital flight, tax evasion and deindustrialization.

</doc>
<doc id="19756071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756071" title="1935 Tschammerpokal">
1935 Tschammerpokal

The 1935 Tschammerpokal was the first time a national cup tournament was held in Germany. Its name was chosen in honour of "Reichssportführer Hans von Tschammer und Osten", then the highest ranking sports official in the Third Reich. The tournament began on 6 January 1935 and ended on 8 December 1935. About 4,100 teams competed in the tournament which was divided into four stages. 63 teams competed in the final stage of six rounds. In the final FC Nuremberg defeated Schalke 04 2–0.

</doc>
<doc id="19756072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756072" title="The Dark Tower (play)">
The Dark Tower (play)

The Dark Tower is a mystery drama by George S. Kaufman and Alexander Woollcott, first produced in 1933. 
The play was later adapted for the Warner Bros. film "The Man with Two Faces" (1934) starring Mary Astor, Louis Calhern, and Edward G. Robinson.
In January 1938, future President of the United States Richard Nixon was cast in the Whittier Community Players production of this play. He was cast opposite a high school teacher named Thelma "Pat" Ryan, who he would later marry. 

</doc>
<doc id="19756110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756110" title="Cygnus Inc">
Cygnus Inc

Cygnus, Inc., at its inception in 1985, was engaged in development and manufacturing of transdermal drug delivery systems, including products for contraception, hormone therapy and smoking cessation. The company also developed the GlucoWatch, a non-invasive glucose monitoring devices for manufacture and commercialization. When GlucoWatch was launched in early 2002, the product sales of GlucoWatch were much lower than expected. According to the Company, the reasons for failure included adoption barriers for new technology, need for a paradigm shift in the management of diabetes, lack of widespread medical reimbursement, and performance characteristics of the device.
First, the GlucoWatch faced difficulties in its clinical efficacy and reproducibility of measurements. Cygnus did not resolve these technical feasibility issues and was unable to replace the standard glucose monitoring device that was on the market.
Second, Cygnus lacked an effective managed care resources group. Without a substantial reimbursement level, it is very difficult for healthcare organizations to approve the GlucoWatch for its beneficiaries at the price that Cygnus was selling it. Furthermore, Cygnus failed to show the cost benefits of the device.
Third, Cygnus entered into a problematic co-promotion agreement with Sankyo Pharmaceuticals in 2000 that ended unexpectedly. Glucose monitoring products that are new to the market require a sizeable sales force to educate healthcare professionals and end user, and to create product awareness in various marketing channels. After Sankyo left the agreement, Cygnus was very low on cash and reduced the work force by 60%. Cygnus did not have enough resources or infrastructure to perform sales and marketing activities on its own. 
In October 2002, the Company failed to meet the minimum price per share and minimum market capitalization listing requirements of the Nasdaq National Market and National Small Cap Market. As a result, its stock was delisted from NASDAQ and transferred to OTC bulletin board. Manufacturing activities and R&D efforts for future products were suspended. Due to Cygnus’ weak financial condition, operating losses, and lack of a marketing partner, the Company’s Board of Directors decided to sell off substantial operating assets, wind-up operations and subsequently dissolve and liquidate.
In December 2004, Cygnus Inc. entered into an asset purchase agreement with Animas Corporation and Animas Technologies LLC in exchange for $10 million USD in cash. The asset sale was completed in March 2005. The Company retained some cash and equivalents, and accounts receivables but no operating assets and no means to generate revenue, other than pending arbitration with Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical Inc. The headquarter lease terminated and Cygnus moved to a single office in San Francisco. The arbitration with Ortho-McNeil was settled in September 2005. Ortho-McNeil paid $4 million USD in cash to Cygnus. The company had planned to wait till this settlement to file its certificate of dissolution.
In November 2005, the Company filed 10Q indicating intention to file Certification of Dissolution. As a result, trading of Company’s common stock on OTC Bulletin Board stopped. The close of business was on November 21, 2005. Cygnus had never been profitable in its 17 years of history.
History.
Cygnus Inc. was founded in 1985 in Redwood City, California. The company, at its inception, was engaged in development and manufacturing of transdermal drug delivery systems, including products for contraception, hormone therapy and smoking cessation. The company also began developing non-invasive glucose monitoring devices for manufacture and commercialization. The company was reincorporated in Delaware in 1995.
In 1999, Cygnus Inc. chose to focus solely on glucose monitoring systems and sold their drug delivery business to Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical, Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company for $75 million USD in cash, contingent on achievement of certain milestones. Under terms of the agreement, Cygnus received $20 million in cash at closing. The remaining contingent payments were related to the achievement of certain technical, regulatory and commercialization milestones related to the EVRA transdermal contraceptive patch that was being developed with the R.W. Johnson Pharmaceutical Research Institute, a Johnson & Johnson company.
Company Organizational Structure.
Executive Officers as of February 1997
Gary W. Cleary, Ph.D 54 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Technical Officer
Gregory B. Lawless, Ph.D 57 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Neil R. Ackerman, Ph.D 53 Senior Vice President, Research & Development
Craig W. Carlson 48 Vice President, Corporate Marketing and Strategic Planning
James F. Grady, Jr., Ph.D 48 Vice President, Operations and Human Resources
John C. Hodgman 42 Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer; President, Cygnus Diagnostics
Stephen N. Kirnon 34 Vice President, Business Development
Alan F. Russell, Ph.D 55 Senior Vice President, Scientific Affairs
Founder of Cygnus Inc.
Dr. Cleary, the Company's founder and Chairman of the Board of Directors, also served as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer from its inception until July 1986. Since 1986, Dr. Cleary has served as Chief Technical Officer of the Company. During his professional career, Dr. Cleary served as an investigator with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and held research and management positions at Cutter Labs, Alza Corporation, Key Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Genentech Inc. Dr. Cleary holds an M.B.A. in Health Sciences from the University of Miami, a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from Rutgers University and a Pharm.D. in Pharmacy from the University of California, San Francisco.
On July 9, 1999, John C Hodgman, President and Chief Executive Officer, succeeded Gary W. Cleary, Ph.D., as Chairman of the Board of Directors. (Dr. Cleary resigned as Chief Technical Officer effective the same date.) Dr. Cleary served as Chairman Emeritus of the Board from July 9, 1999 until February 22, 2000, when he resigned from the Board of Directors. The new organizational structure of Cygnus Inc is represented below: 
Executive Officers in 2000-2005:
Neil R. Ackerman, Ph.D 56 Senior Vice President, Research & Development and Scientific Affairs
Craig W. Carlson 52 Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance
John C. Hodgman 46 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Barbara G. McClung 45 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Technology.
The company’s flagship product was the GlucoWatch system that provides the patient with real-time blood glucose readings and alarms for hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. In December 1999, Cygnus received the CE Certificate for the GlucoWatch system that is required for selling products in Europe. Cygnus Inc. also filed a Pre-Market Approval application (PMA) for the GlucoWatch system in USA. The PMA received a unanimous recommendation for approval with conditions by the US FDA Clinical Chemistry and Clinical Toxicology Devices Panel of the Medical Devices Advisory Committee. GlucoWatch was approved by the FDA in 2001 as an adjunct to traditional fingerstick home blood glucose testing.
How the GlucoWatch Works.
All diabetes monitoring technologies deal essentially with the same problem, accurately and conveniently measuring blood glucose levels. There a number of different techniques for accomplishing this and several technologies on the market utilizing different approaches. The GlucoWatch, originally developed by Cygnus, uses a process called reverse iontophoresis to detect blood glucose. 
In this method, a 300 micro-amp electric current is directed between two skin-contacting electrodes on the underside of the device . As the current flows through the intervening skin, fluid is drawn into two collection disks which serve as anode and cathode. Glucose molecules are drawn into the cathode disk and are measured by an internal sensor. The resulting signal is processed internally to arrive at a measured blood-glucose concentration. This calculated blood glucose concentration is then reported on the LCD screen of the device in units of mg/dl.
Problems with the GlucoWatch.
There were a number of serious problems with the GlucoWatch that helped prevent widespread adoption and continued use of the device. First, the GlucoWatch was not a replacement for standard glucose monitoring and was never shown to conclusively improve clinical outcomes for users. After a full two-hour “warm up” period, the GlucoWatch required daily calibration with standard test strips and was only designed to run over 12-hour durations. In addition, the accuracy of the device was questionable. In several studies, measurements from the GlucoWatch were shown to deviate as much as 30% from standard finger-prick test strips. The reproducibility of measurements also was shown to decrease due to environmental changes. For example, changes in temperature, jostling and perspiration were all shown to dramatically influence measured blood glucose concentrations. In comparison to standard test strips, the GlucoWatch was significantly more expensive. According to one cost breakdown, the GlucoWatch along with all its replaceable components (battery, adhesive gel electrode pads, etc.) cost about three times what it would cost to take 8 finger-prick measurements per day. Finally, the GlucoWatch was uncomfortable for many. In one particular study, 99 out of 99 participants experienced skin reactions during a 6-month period of use, with 48% of those reactions evaluated as moderately severe by doctors. In the same study, the primary reason (chosen by 76%) cited for the declining use of the device over the 6-month period was “skin reactions”.
Competitors.
 Other than the GlucoWatch, the FDA has approved one other minimally-invasive device for diabetes management called the MiniMed Continuous Glucose Monitoring System. This device was approved by the FDA in 1999 .
The Minimed Paradigm system uses a needle-like glucose sensor which is inserted subdermally to measure blood glucose concentrations. This sensor is connected by wire to a small computer with an LCD to report current blood glucose concentration. Measurements are taken every 10 seconds, with the number displayed being the averaged result over the previous five-minute period. According to the FDA website, the MiniMed is intended for short-term (3 days) use only, to measure daily blood-glucose trends as ordered by a physician.
Failed Deal with Sankyo.
Cygnus's troubled relationship with Sankyo Pharmaceutical began on an optimistic note in November 2001 when the two companies signed a co-promotion agreement for marketing the newly approved GlucoWatch Biographer. Under this agreement, Sankyo's primary responsibility was promoting the glucose monitor to health care professionals. Meanwhile, Cygnus was responsible with the marketing, distribution, customer service, along with the R&D, regulatory, and clinical activities. Sankyo promised to pay $10 million to Cygnus as milestone payments. In the early months of 2002, the first generation GlucoWatch Biographer began selling on the market while second generation GlucoWatch G2 Biographer was approved. Subsequently, in July 2002, the agreement was expanded to increase Sankyo's responsibility to marketing, managed care and government contracting, and distribution of the product. An additional $15 million in milestones was to be paid by Sankyo, therefore taking the total milestone payments up to $25 million. Sankyo got an increased percentage of net sales in return. To put this agreement into effect, Sankyo took important steps such as using retail channels for marketing, increasing the specialty sales force for GlucoWatch Biographer, and devoting additional managed care resources to support reimbursement.
Despite the FDA approval later in 2002 for pediatric use, the sales of the GlucoWatch Biographer were never encouraging as customer and physician complaints kept pouring in. The deal turned sour on October 2, 2003 when Sankyo ceased to honor the contract, citing California Commercial Code, Section 2609, which allows a party to cease contractual obligations until the counterparty assures the party of due performance. Additionally, Sankyo refused to pay the $6 million that it owed Cygnus. As a result, Cygnus had to cut its workforce by 60% and decided to file a litigation suit seeking $450 million in damages. However, the litigation was brought to a premature end by an out-of-court agreement under which Sankyo paid Cygnus $30 million and transfer all the titles and inventory related to GlucoWatch Biographer back to Cygnus. After the departure of Sankyo, Cygnus was in no position to market the GlucoWatch itself.
Deal with Animas.
Animas Corp. entered into a definitive agreement to acquire certain assets of Cygnus for $10 million in cash . The assets included substantially all of Cygnus’ intellectual property rights, fixed assets, supplier, manufacturing and license agreements, inventory and tangible personal property. Animas has acquired over 237 U.S. and foreign patents in the fields of continuous glucose sensing, extraction of interstitial fluid by reverse electro-iontophoresis and electrochemical sensors. The transaction was consummated in March, 2005. Anmas Corp was acquired by Johnson and Johnson in 2006. 
Animas Corp. was aware that GlucoWatch was flawed in various factors that hampered its market acceptance. Some technical flaws included excessive skips, excessive warm-up time, limited wear-time, susceptibility to interference by perspiration, skin irritation, excessive bulkiness, and inaccuracy. Animas incorporated improvements in the device and evaluated the commercial and technical feasibility of implementing such improvements. They reconfigured the GW2 GlucoWatch Biographer to the third-generation GW3 GlucoWatch Biographer. The efforts by Animas Corp did not materialize into the product’s success. In July 2007, Animas ceased sale of the GlucoWatch G2 Biographer system. Sale of AutoSensors and customer support was provided till July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19756115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756115" title="Joseph Burtt Davy">
Joseph Burtt Davy

Joseph Burtt Davy (7 March 1870 Findern, Derbyshire - 20 August 1940 Birmingham) was a Quaker botanist and agrostologist. He was the first curator of the Forest Herbarium (FHO) at the Imperial Forestry Institute when it was founded in 1924 under the Directorship of Professor Robert Scott Troup. 
He attended school at Ilkley in West Yorkshire. In 1891, he joined Kew Gardens as a technical assistant, leaving shortly after for the USA where he enrolled in the botany department at the University of California. Here he studied agriculture from 1893-96 and took up the post of botanist at the Agricultural Experiment Station in California between 1896-1901, describing the Cyperaceae and Gramineae for "A Flora of Western Middle California" by Willis Linn Jepson. Here he also met his wife-to-be, Alice Bolton (1863-1953), a native Californian.
In early 1903, he was appointed botanist and agrostologist with the newly founded Transvaal Department of Agriculture. Burtt Davy wasted no time in starting a collection of Transvaal plants, a process by which he acquired an intimate knowledge of the subject. These first specimens came from Meintjieskop, Irene and a trip to the western Transvaal - at the time of his retirement in 1913, his collected specimens numbered 14,000.
Burtt Davy's appointment led directly to the founding of the "Division of Botany". This later became the "Botanical Research Institute" (BRI) and then the "National Botanical Institute" (NBI) in 1989 when it amalgamated with the "National Botanic Gardens". Still not content, bureaucracy stepped in once more in 2004 and it was renamed the "South African National Biodiversity Institute" (SANBI). 
One of Burtt Davy's great interests was the subject of plant introduction, a matter to which he devoted much attention, importing plants and seeds from all over the world. He was responsible for introducing the forage crop, teff, as well as the lawn grass Kikuyu. He helped establish a maize-breeding centre at Vereeniging and resigned shortly before the publication of his comprehensive work on maize in 1914.
He moved to his own farm 'Burttholm' near Vereeniging, where he set up a partnership with the Hon. Hugh Wyndham, breeding and growing agricultural seed and Hereford cattle. The enterprise flourished and Burtt Davy was able to retire to England in 1919, returning to Kew and working on "A Manual of the Flowering Plants and Ferns of the Transvaal with Swaziland", "Part 1" appearing in 1926 and "Part 2" in 1932. The line drawings for this valuable taxonomic work were produced by his wife, Alice Bolton Davy.
He was awarded a Ph.D.from Cambridge in 1925 and took up the post of lecturer in tropical forest botany at the Imperial Forestry Institute at Oxford. Here he started work on the series "Forest Trees and Timbers of the British Empire". He was awarded a D.Phil. degree by the University in 1937.
He is commemorated in the genus name "Burttdavya" and in the specific epithets of "Aloe davyana", "Acacia davyi" and "Ficus burtt-davyi". This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation Burtt Davy when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="19756124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756124" title="Gösta Rehn">
Gösta Rehn

Lars Gösta Rehn (born 1916 and deceased 1 December 1996) was a Swedish economist.
Life.
He started to work as an economist for the Swedish Trade Union Confederation in 1930, being this his full-time employment since 1943.
Together with Rudolf Meidner, he developed the Rehn-Meidner Model, a staple of the economic and social "Swedish Model"

</doc>
<doc id="19756132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756132" title="Bahr Halvorsen's Second Cabinet">
Bahr Halvorsen's Second Cabinet

The Bahr Halvorsen's Second Cabinet governed Norway between 6 March 1923 and 30 May 1923. It ceased to exist due to the May 1923 death of Prime Minister Otto Bahr Halvorsen. It had the following composition:
State Secretary.
Not to be confused with the modern title State Secretary. The old title State Secretary, used between 1814 and 1925, is now known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").

</doc>
<doc id="19756145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756145" title="John Lacy">
John Lacy

John Lacy (born 14 August 1951 in Liverpool) is a former professional footballer who played for Kingstonian, Fulham, Tottenham Hotspur and Crystal Palace.
Football career.
Lacy, a student at the London School of Economics played in the London Universities side which was then coached by the former England and Fulham player George Cohen, who recommended him to his ex-club which Lacy joined in June 1971. The central defender made 357 appearances including four as sub and scoring on seven occasions in his time at Craven Cottage which includes an appearance in the 1975 FA Cup Final. In July 1978 Lacy signed for Tottenham for a £195,000 fee (the first time that an independent transfer tribunal had been used to set the fee for a player). He went on to feature in 132 matches, nine as substitute and to score three goals. He transferred to Crystal Palace in August 1983 where he went on to make a further 27 appearances.
Honours.
Fulham
After football.
Today, Lacy is a double glazing sales manager in the St Albans area.

</doc>
<doc id="19756151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756151" title="Stephen Hester">
Stephen Hester

Stephen Hester (born 14 December 1960) is an English businessman and former banker, who is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of RSA Insurance Group and former CEO of the RBS Group.
Early life.
Hester is the eldest son of Ronald, a chemistry professor at the University of York, and Dr Bridget Hester, a psychotherapist. He grew up in the village of Crayke in North Yorkshire. He was educated at Easingwold School in North Yorkshire a rural comprehensive school, and at Oxford where he studied at Lady Margaret Hall, and after chairing the Tory Reform Group, graduated with a first class honours degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics.
Career.
Hester began his career in 1982 with Credit Suisse, where he started as the chairman’s assistant. In 1996 he was appointed to the executive board. Hester held the position of Chief Financial Officer and Head of Support Division, until May 2000. From May 2000 to September 2001, he was Head of the Fixed Income Division.
In May 2002, he joined Abbey National as Finance Director. He then went on to become Chief Operating Officer, a position he held until November 2004, when he was appointed Chief Executive of British Land. In early 2007, eight months before British Land and other REITs were caught in the commercial property slump, he said: "I don't believe we are about to see a market decline, but the period of sharp growth is over."
Hester was appointed non-executive deputy chairman of the newly nationalised Northern Rock by Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling in March 2008, a role which he resigned from in September 2008 to take a non-executive position on the board of Royal Bank of Scotland.
Royal Bank of Scotland.
In November 2008, he left British Land and replaced Fred Goodwin as Chief Executive of the RBS Group. Hester was paid an annual salary of £1.1million by RBS. Alongside this, he took home £1.5m in bonus and pension payments in 2010. In 2012 he was offered a bonus of just under £1 million, but following some considerable pressure from politicians and the public, he declined the bonus. Later in 2012, in June, he declined his bonus for the following year after RBS' computer problems.
In December 2009, the board of RBS, in which the British government had an 84% stake, threatened to resign unless they were permitted to pay bonuses of £1.5bn to staff in its investment arm. The matter received heavy criticism because it followed a £50bn taxpayer bailout of the banking sector. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Alistair Darling, said he would not be "held to ransom".
On 12 June 2013 Royal Bank of Scotland announced that Hester would be stepping down as CEO in December 2013, after five years with the bank. He had been brought in to help restructure the bailed-out bank in 2008, at the beginning of the global financial crisis. His leaving package would be in excess of £1.6m.
RSA Insurance.
On 4 February 2014, Hester joined RSA Insurance Group as CEO, replacing Simon Lee. Hester will be paid an annual salary of £950,000, less than the £1.2m a year he earned at RBS. However, he will be granted an initial award under RSA’s long-term incentive plan of £2.85m, or 300% of salary, and will be eligible for an annual bonus of 160% of his salary, or £1.52m.
Personal life.
In 2012, Hester separated from his Canadian wife, fellow banker, Barbara Abt. The couple, who met while both working at Credit Suisse, have two children. The family home is in Holland Park, west London, which reportedly went to his wife on their divorce. Hester also owns a 350 acre estate in Oxfordshire, Broughton Grange. One of Hester's passions is said to be the garden of Broughton Grange and development of its arboretum, which was designed by landscape architect Tom Stuart-Smith and includes pleached limes, formal beds and five of the first Australian Wollemi pines to be brought into the UK.
Hester is a trustee of the Foundation and Friends of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Hester has in the past donated to the Conservative Party.
Hester enjoys tennis, running and shooting, as well as skiing, for which he owns a chalet in Verbier, Switzerland. Hester also enjoys horse riding, and his first wife is a master of fox hounds in Warwickshire. He is quoted as having said: "It’s very important to keep our marriage together that I do the same as she does."

</doc>
<doc id="19756154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756154" title="Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Qualification">
Triathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Qualification

Eight National Olympic Committees could have a maximum of three eligible athletes per event, all other NOCs could have a maximum of two eligible athletes per event. Here follows the detailed attribution of the qualification places:

</doc>
<doc id="19756199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756199" title="Elliott Stein">
Elliott Stein

Elliott Stein (December 5, 1928 – November 7, 2012) was an American journalist and historian.
In the 1950s he managed a literary review in Paris: "Janus." He also wrote for the review "Bizarre" with Kenneth Anger. He worked with Anger on Anger's book "Hollywood Babylon."
In the years 1960–1970 he was a film critic in Paris for the Financial Times and for Village Voice.
Back in New York in the 1970s, Stein wrote for the Village Voice and publishers like "Criterion". He wrote regularly for Film Comment and Sight and Sound. He is referred to in the diaries and memoirs of Ned Rorem, Susan Sontag, John Ashbery and Richard Olney. He wrote "New York City Inferno" (1978) and "Secrets of Sex" (1970) and made a video-interview with himself (2005). He played in some movies: "Les Coeurs Verts" (1965) by Édouard Luntz; in New York: "Bizarre" (1970) (a.k.a. "Secrets of Sex").

</doc>
<doc id="19756211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756211" title="Hellmut Rohweder">
Hellmut Rohweder

Hellmut Rohweder (17 January 1914 – 9 February 2008) was a German chief engineer ( abbreviated LI) on a U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Rohweder served on under the command of Heinz von Reiche and Udo Behrends, on under Jost Metzler, on under Hans-Jürgen Auffermann, and on under Ernst-August Gerke.

</doc>
<doc id="19756222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756222" title="Heavenly Group Ltd">
Heavenly Group Ltd

Heavenly Group Limited, trading under the name Heavenly, is an independent branding agency founded by Richard Sunderland in 2002. The company is headquartered in London but services clients on a worldwide basis.
Heavenly was featured in Mike Harris’ 2008 publication Find Your Lightbulb. and involved in the Cable & Telecommunications Association for Marketing Europe Euro Summit 2008 conference in Berlin, with a keynote speech on TV brand strategy. In June 2008, Heavenly was awarded a World Silver Promax/BDA award for its Discovery Knowledge identity work.
In 2009 Martin Lambie-Nairn joined Heavenly as Creative Director.
In 2010 Heavenly was identified by Design Week as being one of the Top 100 Consultancies. It was also one of only three agencies that the publication classed as 'On the Up'.
Clients.
In 2007, Heavenly relaunched the Emmy Award-winning media brand Current TV in the UK. Heavenly refreshed the brand identity and developed advertising campaigns in both the US and the UK. Also in 2007, Heavenly worked with the Royal Armouries to launch an anti-knife crime initiative, NTK or No To Knives.

</doc>
<doc id="19756234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756234" title="Marc Dwyer">
Marc Dwyer

Marc Dwyer (born 19 June 1987) is an Australian radio presenter and former actor.
He appeared as Dylan in Ray Lawrence's 2000 acclaimed film "Lantana", playing the son of Anthony Lapaglia and Kerry Armstrong. This was followed by a 2001 double episode of the Australian drama "All Saints". Dwyer also appeared in various television and photographic advertisements between 2000 and 2005. 
Dwyer started his radio career at 101.3 Sea FM on the Central Coast of New South Wales. 
Dwyer applied and was accepted into the Australian Film Television and Radio School to complete a graduate diploma in commercial radio broadcasting, completed in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19756252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756252" title="1933–34 Prima Divisione">
1933–34 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1933-1934 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. Starting from this season, the winners and the runners-up of the eight groups of First Division would be admitted to the final rounds, where four tickets of promotion to Serie B were available, whereas the scheduled relegations were annulled by the Federation which expanded the division. Until this season, reserve teams of club belonging to National Division were admitted in First Division.
Final rounds.
Girone D.
Catania, L'Aquila, Lucchese and Pisa promoted to Serie B 1934-35.

</doc>
<doc id="19756265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756265" title="CS Inter Gaz București">
CS Inter Gaz București

Inter Gaz Bucureşti was a Romanian professional football club from Bucharest, Romania, founded in 1985 and dissolved in 2009.
Stadium.
Inter Gaz played its home matches at Inter Gaz Stadium, in Popești-Leordeni, which has a capacity of 2,000 seats.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="19756280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756280" title="Domestic Goddess">
Domestic Goddess

Domestic Goddess may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756302" title="Germaine Van Dievoet">
Germaine Van Dievoet

Germaine van Dievoet (26 September 1899 – 30 October 1990) was a competition swimmer.
Van Dievoet was born in Brussels, Belgium to architect Henri van Dievoet. Germaine van Dievoet married in Uccle 23 August 1937, Willy Dessecker, born 16 January 1901 and deceaded in Uccle (Clinique des deux Alices) 22 March 1996.
She was one of the few Belgian woman to have participated in the 1920 Summer Olympics, which were celebrated at Antwerp, in Belgium from 20 April until 12 September 1920. She competed in the 100 meter swim, but was disqualified in a semi-final race, finishing fourth. She was the only Belgian to compete in the race.
She died in 1990 at Uccle, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19756311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756311" title="Nathan Green">
Nathan Green

Nathan Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756318" title="Stadionul Inter Gaz">
Stadionul Inter Gaz

Inter Gaz Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Popești-Leordeni, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Inter Gaz Bucureşti. The stadium holds 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19756333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756333" title="Schak Bull">
Schak Bull

Schak August Steenberg Bull (10 May 1858 – 25 January 1956) was a Norwegian architect.
Personal life.
He was born in Årstad as the son of Colonel Jens Munthe Bull (1815-1905) and his wife Johanne Margrethe Hagerup (1817-1888). His brother Edvard Hagerup Bull was a judge and politician, and his maternal grandfather was politician Edvard Hagerup. Also, he was a nephew of composer Ole Bull and architect Georg Andreas Bull, an uncle of composer Sverre Hagerup Bull and a cousin of architect Henrik Bull and composer Edvard Grieg.
In April 1884 he married Ivarna Berle.
Career.
He took his education at the Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich. Having graduated in 1879, he returned to Bergen, Norway to work as an architect. He was responsible for several important buildings, including Troldhaugen, the residence of his cousin Edvard Grieg, several churches and commercial buildings. He mainly adhered to the architectural style historicism before 1900, and Jugendstil after 1900. From 1914 he formed a companionship with his son Jens Munthe Bull.
Bull was also a member of Bergen city council.
In total he was the architect of 186 buildings in Bergen, as well as several in other parts of the country, although many of these have been lost in fires. He died in 1956 in Bergen, 98 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19756346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756346" title="Painting Churches">
Painting Churches

Painting Churches is a play written by Tina Howe, first produced Off-Broadway in 1983. It was a finalist for the 1982 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. The play concerns the relationship between an artist daughter and her aging parents.
Plot.
In a townhouse in the Beacon Hill area of Boston, an elderly couple, Fanny (in her 60s) and Gardner (in his 70s) Church, are packing. They are moving to a beach home on Cape Cod. Gardner is a poet and Fanny is from a "fine old family." Their daughter Margaret (Mags), an artist who lives in New York, has arrived to help them pack and paint their portrait. Over the course of several days, Mags sees her role in the parent-child relationship changing.
Production history.
"Painting Churches", produced by Second Stage Theatre, premiered Off-Broadway on February 8-27, 1983 (previewing from January 25, 1983) at the South Street Theatre, where it ran for 12 previews and 18 performances. It transferred to the Lamb's Theatre where it ran from November 22, 1983 through May 20, 1984, playing 9 previews and 206 performances.
The production was directed by Carole Rothman, set design by Heidi Landesman, costumes by Linda Fisher, lighting by Frances Aronson. The show featured Donald Moffat as Gardner Church (at South Street Theatre) and George Martin in the same role (at Lamb's Theatre), Frances Conroy as Margaret Church (at South Street Theatre) and then Elizabeth McGovern (in the same role) (at Lamb's Theatre), and Marian Seldes as Fanny Church (in both productions).
The play was filmed for the public television series "American Playhouse" and broadcast in 1979. The cast featured Sada Thompson, Donald Moffat, and Roxanne Hart. It was remade for television in 1993 by Turner Entertainment as "The Portrait", starring Gregory Peck, Lauren Bacall, and Cecilia Peck. 

</doc>
<doc id="19756349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756349" title="1934–35 FA Cup">
1934–35 FA Cup

The 1934–35 FA Cup was the 60th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Sheffield Wednesday won the competition for the third and (as of 2008) final time, beating West Bromwich Albion 4–2 in the final at Wembley, winning through two late goals from Ellis Rimmer.
First round proper.
At this stage 43 clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined the 25 non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Chesterfield, Millwall and Luton Town were given a bye to the Third Round. To make the number of matches up, non-league Dulwich Hamlet and Corinthian were given byes to this round. 34 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 24 November 1934. Six were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which the Southport–New Brighton game went to a replay.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 8 December 1934. Two matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage, along with Chesterfield, Millwall and Luton Town. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 January 1935. Seven matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which the Bristol City–Bury game went to a second replay.
Fourth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 26 January 1935. Five games were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fifth Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 16 February 1935, except for the Blackburn Rovers–Birmingham City game, which was played five days later. There were three replays, played in the next midweek fixture. Of these, the Tottenham Hotspur–Bolton Wanderers game went to a second replay.
Sixth Round Proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 2 March 1935. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 16 March 1935. Sheffield Wednesday and West Bromwich Albion won their matches to meet in the final at Wembley
Final.
The 1935 FA Cup Final was contested by Sheffield Wednesday and West Bromwich Albion at Wembley. Sheffield Wednesday won the game through two late goals from Ellis Rimmer, which were needed despite having twice been ahead - West Bromwich Albion managed to equalise each time.

</doc>
<doc id="19756418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756418" title="Ribčev Laz">
Ribčev Laz

Ribčev Laz is a settlement on Lake Bohinj in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Most of the settlement consists of hotels and holiday homes.
The local church dedicated to John the Baptist stands just outside the settlement on the shore of Lake Bohinj. It is built in a west-east orientation and is surrounded by an old cemetery wall with two entrances. Its origins are Romanesque but it was rebuilt in Gothic style in the 15th century and vaulted in the early 16th century, when some of the frescos were painted by Jernej of Loka.
A second church, dedicated to the Holy Spirit, stands by the road on the way to the far side of the lake. It was built in the mid-18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19756423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756423" title="Where Was I?">
Where Was I?

Where Was I? was an American panel show which aired on the DuMont Television Network Tuesdays at 9pm ET from September 2, 1952 to October 6, 1953. 
The series consisted of panelists would have to guess a location by listening to clues and viewing photos. Hosts included Dan Seymour, Ken Roberts, and John Reed King, and panelists included Bill Cullen, Nancy Guild, Virginia Graham, and Skitch Henderson.
Episode status.
As with most DuMont series, no episodes are known to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19756453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756453" title="Edvard Hagerup Bull (composer)">
Edvard Hagerup Bull (composer)

Edvard Hagerup Bull (10 June 1922 – 15 March 2012) was a Norwegian composer.
He was born in Bergen. He grew up in Jar outside Oslo in a musical and politically active family, the son of Sverre Hagerup Bull and his wife Aldis Jebsen. His paternal grandfather was politician and judge Edvard Hagerup Bull. In September 1955 he married Anna Kvarme.
Bull studied at the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo and at the Conservatoire de Paris where he won the 1952 . He was awarded the musical composition prize from the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris. He had additional training with the Austrian-born musicologist, Josef Rufer. Other teachers include Jean Rivier and Olivier Messiaen. His teacher Darius Milhaud described him as "a musician with a solid technique and a truly very enthralling, vigorous and highly imaginative personality".
Edvard Hagerup Bull became a notable composer. He wrote two operas and thirty orchestral works and chamber music.

</doc>
<doc id="19756484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756484" title="List of NCAA Division I FCS football stadiums">
List of NCAA Division I FCS football stadiums

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of current National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Championship Subdivision football stadiums in the United States.
Conference affiliations reflect those for the upcoming 2014 season. New stadiums that will be used for the first time in 2014 are also included in the main table.
__TOC__
Current stadiums.
1 – Largest football crowd. Larger attendance records may exist for other configurations of the stadium.
2 – Year of most recent completed stadium expansion/major upgrade.
3 - Construction halted 2005; the stadium has never been completed.
There are 6 domes which all have field turf.
Future stadiums.
This list includes the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19756496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756496" title="Democratic initiative">
Democratic initiative

Democratic initiative process () is the name of the process in which the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan launched a project aiming to improve standards of democracy, freedoms and respect for human rights in Turkey. The project is called the Unity and Fraternity Project (). Interior Minister Beşir Atalay stated the primary goals of the initiative as improving the democratic standards and to end terrorism in Turkey.
"We will issue circulars in the short term, pass laws in the medium term, and make constitutional amendments in the long term and take required steps," Prime Minister Erdoğan said.
Ethnic groups.
Armenian initiative.
Turkey was among the first countries in the world to recognize the state of Armenia after its independence in 1991. After Armenia's occupation of the Azeri territory Nagorno-Karabakh, Turkey sided with its Turkic ally Azerbaijan over the Nagarno-Karabakh War by closing its borders with Armenia. Since then, the border remains closed.
On February 21, 2008, President Abdullah Gül send a message of congratulations to the newly elected Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan and said "that he hoped the victory of Sargsyan in Armenia's presidential election would lead to a normalization of relations between their estranged countries."
In reaction, Armenian President Sargsyan invited Gül to attend a FIFA World Cup qualifier football match between the Turkish and Armenian national football teams. After accepting the invitation, President Gül became the first Turkish head of state to visit Armenia on September 3, 2008. This “football diplomacy” and new dialogue resulted in the signing of protocols between Turkish and Armenian Foreign Ministers in Switzerland to improve relations between the two countries.
The Armenian Constitutional Court decided that the protocols “cannot be interpreted or applied in the legislative process and application practice of the Republic of Armenia as well as in the interstate relations in a way that would contradict the provisions of the preamble to the RA Constitution and the requirements of Paragraph 11 of the Declaration of Independence of Armenia.” Turkey said that Armenian court’s ruling on the protocols is not acceptable. The parliament of Armenia and Turkey decided for the suspension of the retification process.
Between May 2005 and October 2006, the Turkish Ministry of Culture financed the restoration of an old Armenian church located in an eastern Turkish province. The restoration had a stated budget of 2 million New Turkish Lira (approximately 1.4 million USD)
On April 2, 2009, the Turkish state television started broadcasts in Armenian on for half an hour twice a day.
On September 19, 2010, a religious ceremony was held at the historical Armenian church after permission of the Turkish government for the first time in 95 years. The museum located on Akdamar Island in Lake Van in Turkey was opened to worshippers allowing to worship once a year for a single day.
In 2010, Armenian schools in Turkey received updated textbooks after a decision by Nimet Çubukçu, the Minister of Education. The old textbooks had not been revised since the 1934.
Kurdish initiative.
The Kurdish initiative (, also called "Kurdish Opening") is the most discussed initiative of the government. The main goal of the Kurdish initiative is to improve the human rights of Turkish citizens of Kurdish origin and to end a 25-year conflict between Turkey and the PKK. Interior Minister Beşir Atalay is responsible for the coordination of the initiative.
On July 29, 2009, Minister Beşir Atalay announces the government’s Kurdish move, vowing to solve the problem through “more freedom and more democracy.” Few days later, the government holds its first workshop to hear suggestions on the move from important intellectuals, including columnists and academics. On August 25, 2009, the General Staff reiterates the military’s commitment to preserving Turkey’s “unitary” structure and says the Kurdish move cannot be accepted as a compromise process with the PKK. It is possible for members of the PKK that show remorse for joining the PKK, to benefit from Article 221 of the Turkish Penal Code, popularly known as the Active Repentance Law.
On November 13, 2009, Minister Beşir Atalay informed the Parliament about the initiative and had preliminary talks with opposition parties regarding the issue. The democratic initiative aims to protect and extend the human rights and freedoms of every citizen, regardless of ethnicity, religion and political or social choices, Atalay said. “These developments will align our domestic policies with the European Convention on Human Rights,” Atalay said, disclosing six medium-term goals as part of the democratic initiative.
On the same day, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan called on parliamentary deputies to support the democratic initiative in respect to pluralist structure of the first Turkish Parliament, which commanded the country’s independence war in early 1920s. “Parliament is the stage where all issues will be frankly and freely debated. This Parliament cannot fall behind Mustafa Kemal Atatürk’s Parliament. We cannot sacrifice the basic principles that were based on pluralism, freedom and democracy 89 years ago," Erdoğan said in his long-speech he delivered at the special session.
Atatürk established diplomatic relations with the occupier countries as soon as the war was over, Erdoğan said, repeating his famous remark, “Peace at home and peace in the world.”
The final aim is to reach national unity and brotherhood. It is a process of democracy,” he said while describing the move.
The deputies representing the Republican People's Party (CHP), later left the parliamentary hall in protest. CHP leader Deniz Baykal commented that Erdoğan’s Justice and Development Party was trying to divide the country.
Erdoğan stated that he would travel to all 81 provinces to explain the content of the democratic initiative. He also accused the main opposition party CHP and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) of ignoring the citizens in eastern Anatolia. “The difference is richness,” he said. 
In order to make a constitutional amendment, the government needs the support of the opposition parties in addition to the support of the pro-Kurdish Democratic Society Party (DTP). However, the Republican People's Party (CHP) and the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) do not support the process, arguing that the project carries the ultimate goal of “dividing” Turkey.
On December 11, 2009, the Constitutional Court voted unanimously to close the DTP for "being a center of activities against the unity of the state and the nation." The court's decision stated that it closed the party because of DTP members' involvement in activities that "supported the armed attacks" of the PKK. The court also found that the DTP was in "touch and solidarity" with the PKK. The closure resulted in the banning of 37 DTP members from politics for five years, including two members of parliament.
In January 2009, the state-owned TRT devoted one television and radio station to 24-hour Kurdish broadcasts without subtitles and with no time limit on news broadcasts. TRT officials indicated that there was no censorship of content on the station. On November 13, the government approved regulations to allow privately owned television and radio stations to broadcast in languages other than Turkish.
The following measures are to be taken within the context of the democratic initiative:
Roma initiative.
The Roma are an ethnic minority of Turkey. They descend from the times of the Byzantine Empire. Records about their presence in 9th century Asia Minor exist, where they arrived from Persia. With the expanse of the Ottoman Empire Turkish Roma settled also in Rumelia (Southern Europe under the Ottoman rule). Sulukule is the oldest Roma settlement in Europe. The descendants of the Ottoman Roma today are known as Xoraxane Roma and are of the Islamic faith.
In modern Turkey there are officially about 500,000 Roma in Turkey. The Roma in Turkey have long faced discrimination in terms of access to housing, employment and education.
On March 14, 2010, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan met with nearly 10,000 Roma citizens in Istanbul as part of the government’s Roma initiative. “As the state, we have shouldered the responsibility on this issue. From now on, your problems are my problems. Nobody in this country can be treated as ‘half’ a person,” he said. This was the first time a Turkish prime minister had come out to meet with Roma citizens.
The Turkish government has started to construct close to 3,500 new homes for the Roma across Turkey. It has also launched a project to include information about the Roma in school textbooks and the elimination of insulting expressions about the Roma from course books as well as the provision of identity cards for all Roma and social programs to keep Roma children from abusing drugs, along with the prevention of early marriages.
In the same year, the European Roma Rights Centre, the Helsinki Citizens Assembly, and the Edirne Roma Culture Research and Solidarity Association conducted a program to train the Romani community on civil society organization and activism. Literacy courses for Romani women offered by the Roma Culture and Solidarity Association of Izmir continued. These associations also celebrated the International Roma Day in Ankara.
Religious groups.
Alevi initiative.
Academics estimated the Alevi population at 15 to 20 million, including ethnic Turks and Kurds. In general, Alevis follow a belief system that incorporates aspects of both Shia and Sunni Islam and draws on the traditions of other religions found in Anatolia as well. The government considers Alevism a heterodox Muslim sect; however, some Alevis and Sunnis maintain that Alevis are not Muslims.
Alevi "cem houses" (places of gathering) have no legal status as places of worship in the state. However, Kuşadası and Tunceli municipalities ruled that Alevi cem houses could receive free water and electricity from the municipality like other recognized places of worship, but they did not have the authority to grant formal "temple status" to cem houses.
In 2008, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan broke his fast with 1,000 Alevis in Ankara. For the first time in the history of the republic, a Turkish prime minister sat with Alevis to share their mourning and participate in a typically Alevi event. Prime Minister Erdoğan gave a message of unity and solidarity. He also hinted that his government is ready to engage with the Alevis in a serious manner and respond to their demands.
The Alevi initiative is the first systematic effort to address Alevis’ identity-based contentions.
During the years 2009 and 2010, the government took steps to recognize and address the concerns of the Alevi population. State Minister Faruk Çelik is charged of coordinating the government’s Alevi initiative aiming to find a solution to the problems of Alevis living in Turkey. The government held quarterly Alevi workshops aimed at addressing the concerns of the Alevi population. After seven workshops, a report is prepared and submitted to Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for his consideration. Some Alevi groups complained that these workshops did not address the needs of all Alevi groups, but only the ones close to the government.
Faruk Çelik has announced that Alevi children should receive religious education in Alevi houses of worship, or cemevis. The minister has launched commissioning bodies that will work toward the legal recognition of cemevis as houses of worship and Alevi textbooks to differentiate religious education and religious culture within the curriculum for children.In the next academic year, there will be a clear definition in the curriculum between religious practice and religious culture, Çelik said. “In culture lessons children will be taught about who Alevis are and what it means to be an Alevi in addition to daily Alevi practices,” he said.
In December 2009, state-owned TRT broadcast documentaries and religious and cultural programs about Alevism during the first 12 days of Muharram, a month held sacred by Alevis and other Muslims. On January 7, 2010, the 12th day of the month, TRT aired live programs from three large cemevis in Istanbul and Ankara.
On March 31, 2011, the Turkish government released its final report on the Alevi workshops. The report was the result of a series of workshops organized by the government to hear the Alevi community. The report said the cemevis should have a legal status and that they should be financially supported by the state in accordance with the principle of equality. The views of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and those of the State Minister Faruk Çelik, who coordinated the workshops, were also included in the final report. Noting that certain layers of society have been neglected, despised and subjected to unjust treatment as a result of social trauma in the past, Erdoğan said the workshops were the first time the problems of Alevis had been listened to by the state.
Greek Orthodox initiative.
On August 15, 2009, Prime Minister Erdoğan and members of his cabinet hosted a meeting for religious leaders of the Greek Orthodox, Syriac Orthodox, and Jewish communities on Büyükada, an island near Istanbul, to address minority religious rights.
The government did not recognize the ecumenical status of the Greek Orthodox patriarch, acknowledging him only as the head of the country's Greek Orthodox community. As a result the state has long maintained that only citizens of the country could become patriarch, serve as members of the Greek Orthodox Holy Synod, and participate in patriarchal elections.
Prime Minister Erdoğan has stated that the Greek Orthodox patriarch's use of the title "ecumenical" should not be a matter on which the state should rule.
In December 2008 the Ministry of Foreign Affairs provided one-year visas for foreign clergy working at the Ecumenical Patriarchate. Previously, such clergy had to leave and return every three months to obtain new tourist visas.
The Ecumenical Patriarchate in Istanbul continued to seek to reopen the Halki seminary on the island of Heybeli in the Sea of Marmara. The seminary was closed in 1971 when the patriarchate, to avoid the seminary being administered by the state, chose not to fulfill a government requirement for all private institutions of higher learning to nationalize. Prime Minister Erdoğan and Greek Prime Minister Papandreou are working together to improve the rights of Christians in Turkey and Muslims in Greece. It is expected that the Greeks will open the first legal mosque in Athens and the Turks will open the Halki seminary in Istanbul.
Reports of attacks on persons practicing Christian faiths dropped. Authorities took measures during the year to implement a 2007 Ministry of Interior circular to governors requesting action to prevent violence against non-Muslims. Non-Muslims in Ankara, Izmir, and Trabzon reported that police took extra security measures during special religious services.
On May 13, 2010, Prime Minister Erdoğan ordered state officials and civil servants to avoid raising any difficulties in their formal dealings with members of Turkey's recognized non-Muslim minority groups, according to a decree he issued in the Official Gazette.
Erdoğan said in his decree that despite efforts exerted in recent years for democratization and for improvement in issues regarding the Greek, Armenian and Jewish minorities in Turkey, problems have not be solved entirely due to setbacks in the implementation process.
Erdoğan has ordered prompt action in issues such as the protection and maintenance of minority cemeteries, implementation in land registry offices of court orders in favor of minority foundations and swift legal action on publications inciting hatred against non-Muslim communities.
The law allows the 161 minority foundations recognized by the General Directorate of Foundations (GDF) to acquire property, and in 2008 the GDF approved 365 applications by non-Muslim foundations to acquire legal ownership of properties. A February 2008 amendment to the law facilitated the return of expropriated minority foundation properties.
On August 15, 2010, Orthodox Christians from Georgia, Greece, Russia, Turkey and the United States gathered in Trabzon for a historic mass at the iconic Sümela Monastery. The monastery was for the first time in 88 years opened to worship.
Greek Orthodox Patriarch Bartholomew led the mass, marking the Assumption of the Mother Mary, a sacred day for Orthodox Christians.
"We owe this day of worship to our government, which was kind enough to grant us the permission,” the patriarch said at Trabzon Airport. “We are most thankful as this day is sacred for not only believers in the Black Sea but for all Orthodox and the Christian world as it is the Assumption Day of Mother Mary. We are blessed to celebrate this day here in Sümela. First it is grace from God and then it is grace from the government.”
Caferi initiative.
The Caferis, Turkey's principal Shi'a community of Azeri-Iranian origin, concentrated mostly in the eastern part of the country and Istanbul, do not face restrictions on their religious freedoms. They build and operate their own mosques and appoint their own imams, but as with the Alevis, their places of worship have no legal status and receive no support from the Diyanet.
On December 27, 2009, more than thousand members of the Caferi community gathered for the 1370th anniversary of the events in which Prophet Muhammad's grandson Hüseyin bin Ali and 72 others became a martyr in Karbala. The leader of this community, Selahattin Özgündüz, held a speech about the importance of the democratic initiative.
On October 09, 2010, the Presidency of Religious Affairs prepared two separate "ilmihal" (an Islamic version of a catechism) for the Caferi and Shafi`i communities in Turkey.
In 2010, Erdoğan became the first prime minister of Turkey to attend a ceremony organized to commemorate the tragedy at Karbala.
Roundtable meetings.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan hold several meetings with prominent figures of the Turkish society at the Dolmabahçe Palace in Istanbul. In these meetings, Erdoğan explained the importance and the necessity of the democratic initiative. The meetings were broadcast live on television and radio. It was the first time in Turkish history that a prime minister hosted such meetings.
The first meeting was on February 20, 2010. Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan came together with renowned names of Turkish pop, folk and classical music to ask for their support for the democratic initiative. “Your songs have the power to transcend deaf walls. You are the heartfelt voice of this country. I ask you to help this movement of change with your artistic sensitivity.” Erdoğan said. Rojin, a singer of Kurdish origin, came to the meeting with dossiers in her hand, asking for justice for the minors facing long-term jail sentences for throwing stones at the police in the southeastern provinces.
The second meeting was on March 20, 2010. The Prime Minister met with prominent figures of the Turkish cinema. Erdoğan stressed that the democratic initiative would be incomplete without the artists’ support. “Deep down in my heart I believe that you will shoulder the process and lend your support, contribute and make an effort to solving Turkey’s painful problems,” he said. Erdoğan also argued that the AK Party government had embarked on this journey with the inspiration it received from messages given by artists. “We set off on the road after having seen the issues raised by artists, starting from their products, and taking inspiration and strength from them. Thus, your words, suggestions and criticism bear a vital significance for us. What we are doing today is simply bringing all those problems you talked about in your movies, soap operas, plays and shows onto our agenda. It is an effort to produce concrete solutions to them. Many unmentioned, non-discussed, invisible, unknown and ignored groups and their problems have been made known thanks to you. You first noticed all those pains, sorrows, needs and then you made them public,” he said
In the afternoon there was a meeting with radio programmers. Yavuz Seçkin, one of the attendants, said he has been working in the industry for 15 years and that Erdoğan was the first prime minister to ask about their views on a matter troubling the country.
On April 17, 2010 was the third meeting with authors and thinkers. The Prime Minister told the attendees that there has recently been a serious change of paradigm in the administration of the state. According to the prime minister, the goal of the meetings is to discuss the country’s chronic problems and reach broad agreement on ways to solve them. “Long-lasting problems obstruct the development of the country and the nation. They waste our energy and resources.”
The fourth meeting was on June 5, 2010. Erdoğan met with prominent figures of the sports world and the internet media.
In the fifth meeting, Erdoğan met with female representatives from various civil society groups. Erdoğan also addressed the democratic initiative in his talks with the women’s NGO representatives, stressing that the project has not lost any speed, but noting that the government and society cannot successfully solve the nation’s issues without the constructive input and participation of others. He advised them to contribute instead of just criticizing, and added, “Despite our calls, nobody is coming up to us with anything. You can’t resolve issues that were developed over hundreds of years in a single night.”
The last meeting was on September 27, 2010. Prime Minister Erdoğan invited dozens of representatives from Turkey's leading media companies. During the meeting, the prime minister touched upon a large number of hot issues, including the referendum, expectations for a new constitution, approaching parliamentary elections and compulsory military service.

</doc>
<doc id="19756500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756500" title="Ruby Miller">
Ruby Miller

Ruby Miller (born August 1992) is a Welsh racing cyclist from Llantwit Major.
She began competing as a triathlete at the age of 10 as her mother was a coach with the Maindy Triathlon club in Cardiff. Miller then began cycling with the Maindy Flyers youth cycling club and was spotted at a cyclo-cross event and selected to ride for the British Cycling's Wales talent team.
She raced in Holland in 2007, representing Wales in the Interland track competition. Miller is currently sponsored and riding for Trek.
During the 2008-2009 Track Cycling season Ruby competed in the Revolution (cycling series) Future Stars Series at the Manchester Velodrome. She took a number of impressive race victories throughout the season and won the series overall in February 2009.
Miller competed for the Threads.com/DFT team in the team pursuit in the UCI Track Cycling World Cup Classics event at Manchester Velodrome in February 2011.
Miller participated as a torchbearer for the 2012 Summer Olympics torch relay.
She is currently studying occupational therapy at Cardiff University.

</doc>
<doc id="19756507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756507" title="List of Germany international footballers">
List of Germany international footballers

Since the Germany national football team's first official match in 1908, it has been one of the most successful national teams in world football, having participated in seventeen World Cups and ten European Championships and won three of each. In doing so, twenty of its players have won both titles, and five have won gold, silver and bronze medals at the World Cup. Lothar Matthäus has played in a record 25 World Cup matches, and his participation in five World Cup tournaments is a joint record, shared with Antonio Carbajal of Mexico. Miroslav Klose and Gerd Müller are the joint second-highest goalscorers in the tournament's history with 14 goals each, and Franz Beckenbauer is one of only two men to win the World Cup as a player and as a coach.
Matthäus was the inaugural winner of the FIFA World Player of the Year award in 1991, and is one of five Germany players to have been awarded European Footballer of the Year; two of which, Franz Beckenbauer and Karl-Heinz Rummenigge, have each won the award twice. Beckenbauer was also voted in eighth place for the FIFA Player of the Century award, and was selected for the World Team of the 20th Century. Ten German players were named in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers chosen by former footballer Pelé, and seven are in the FIFA Century Club, having earned 100 or more caps. Lothar Matthäus's 150 international appearances make him the ninth-most capped player in world football, and Miroslav Klose and Gerd Müller's 68 goals each are the joint eighth-most of any international player.
Former captains of the national team may be awarded the title of "Ehrenspielführer" (honorary captain), by the German Football Association. To date, four former players of the men's team have received this award: Fritz Walter (1958), Uwe Seeler (1972), Franz Beckenbauer (1982) and Lothar Matthäus (2001).
Germany's borders underwent many changes during the 20th century, which had an effect on the make-up of the German football team. After the annexation of Austria, the Austrian team was absorbed into the German team, resulting in the inclusion of several Austrians in Germany's 1938 World Cup squad. After World War II and the break-up of Germany, two breakaway national teams were formed: Saarland (1950–1956) and East Germany (1952–1990). During this period, the team was commonly known as West Germany until the country's reunification in 1990, when the East German team was reintegrated into the German national team.
This list only covers the (West) Germany national team—the team of the DFB (German Football Association). It includes all players with 20 or more appearances, or 10 or more goals, for the German team, and all capped players who were in the squad for a World Cup or European Championship finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19756527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756527" title="Alice Springs Reptile Centre">
Alice Springs Reptile Centre

The Alice Springs Reptile Centre is a privately operated reptile centre and environmental education facility in Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. It has the largest collection of reptiles in the Northern Territory. Animals at the centre include the Perentie Goanna, Frill-necked Lizards, Thorny Devils, large and small pythons and venomous snakes including Inland Taipans, Brown Snakes, Death Adders and Mulga Snakes. The centre is a popular tourist destination, particularly for children.
The center is devoted to indigenous reptiles. Many are collected from local homes, yards, or from areas about to be burned under the controlled burning program to keep summer grass fires from threatening the local homes. Most of the reptiles end up being relocated to uninhabited areas. The Alice Springs centre also doubles as a snake call centre, with the owner and staff going out to homes to remove venomous snakes from places where they might inconvenience people.
History.
Founded by Rex Neindorf, a former reptile handler, the centre opened in January 2000, and features over 100 reptiles of 30 different species. Reptiles from the centre have featured in "National Geographic Magazine", "Wild Relations - Natural Born Cheats" on ABC, an American Visa television commercial, New Zealand's "The Bounty Hunters" television show on TV2, "Steve Irwin's Great Escapes" on Discovery's Travel Channel and "Animal Emergency" on Channel 9 Australia. Directors including Frederic Lepage have filmed nature documentaries there.
The centre added a large Saltwater Crocodile exhibit in 2002, and in 2006 an extension funded by the Australian Tourism Development Program opened, featuring fossils which trace the evolution of reptiles from 200 million years ago to the present.
The centre is adjacent to Billygoat Hill, which is Crown land. The centre, which is privately owned, reports that efforts to convince the local police and the Lands Department to increase security on the hill - a spot frequented by youths and itinerant drinkers - have been unsuccessful.
Attacks on animals.
2004.
On 8 August 2004, a group of youths broke into the centre and attacked and bludgeoned a crocodile with a ladder and pool equipment. A 13-year-old boy was charged with the attack, and received a two-month suspended sentence and was placed on a good behaviour bond for two years, a sentence seen as overly lenient by the zoo's director. A second youth, a 12-year-old boy, had his six month jail sentence reduced to a month on appeal. The crocodile suffered cuts and broken teeth, but survived.
2008.
On 1 October 2008, a 7-year-old boy attacked animals in a zoo at the centre. The boy, whose name was not released, was accused of breaking into the zoo while it was closed. He was captured on surveillance video, after jumping a fence at the rear of the zoo.
13 animals were killed, including a 20-year-old Spencer's Goanna, a turtle, Bearded Dragons, and Thorny Devils. Some of the animals were bludgeoned with a rock, and thrown over the fence to feed Terry, an Saltwater Crocodile.
The attacks lasted 30 minutes. The boy refused to cooperate during interrogation after he was caught by the police. He was able to break in without tripping the alarm system, and was reported to be expressionless during the rampage. The animal species lost are said to be difficult to replace.
The attack was widely reported in the press, in countries including Australia, Canada, Finland, Tanzania, Zimbabwe, United Kingdom, United States, Italy, and many others. Under Northern Territory laws — which state children under the age of 10 cannot be held accountable for their actions — the 7-year-old boy is too young to be charged with a crime, but the zoo director indicated that his parents would be sued. The child's care arrangements are being urgently reviewed by the Northern Territory Government.

</doc>
<doc id="19756542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756542" title="Savica, Bohinj">
Savica, Bohinj

Savica is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19756553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756553" title="Henry Newton (politician)">
Henry Newton (politician)

Henry Newton (1731 – January 29, 1802) was a political figure in Nova Scotia. He was a member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1758 to 1760.
He was the son of Hibbert Newton, collector of customs for Nova Scotia, and Hannah Adams, the daughter of John Adams, a member of the Legislative Council. Newton was customs collector for Halifax. He first married Charlotte, the daughter of Benjamin Green. Newton married Anne Stuart, the daughter of painter Gilbert Stuart, after the death of his first wife. In 1763, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Halifax.
His sister Hannah Adams Newton married Jonathan Binney and his brother John also served in the Nova Scotia assembly. His son Gilbert Stuart Newton later became a British painter.

</doc>
<doc id="19756572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756572" title="Nic O'Brien">
Nic O'Brien

Nic O'Brien (born January 1, 1980) is a New Zealand hurdler. He is the national record holder over the 400m hurdles. 

</doc>
<doc id="19756574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756574" title="Henry Newton">
Henry Newton

Henry Newton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756576" title="Trash or Treasure">
Trash or Treasure

Trash or Treasure, later known as Treasure Hunt, is an early American TV series which aired on the DuMont Television Network Thursdays at 9pm ET from October 1, 1952 to September 27, 1953. The show was hosted by Sigmund Rothschild and Nelson Case (1909-1976).
In the show, owners of collectible items would bring antiques to host Sigmund Rothschild (1917-1991), who would give an opinion on how much they were worth. Rothschild was a self-taught appraiser, who appraised antiques for many celebrities. The program's name was changed to "Treasure Hunt" in April 1953, according to McNeil (1996). 
Rothschild also hosted the similar series "What's It Worth?" (1948–49 and 1952–53) on CBS Television.
Episode status.
As with most DuMont Network programs, no episodes of "Trash or Treasure" are known to survive today.

</doc>
<doc id="19756617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756617" title="Culture and recreation in Cardiff">
Culture and recreation in Cardiff

Cardiff has many cultural sites varying from the historical Cardiff Castle and out of town Castell Coch to the more modern Wales Millennium Centre and Cardiff Bay. Cardiff was a finalist in the European Capital of Culture 2008.
Language.
Cardiff has a chequered linguistic history with Welsh, English, Latin, Norse and Anglo-Norman preponderant at different times. Although it was the Romans who established the "castle on the Taff" it was the Vikings who began developing the maritime trade from which Cardiff was to derive its prosperity. The Vikings—who controlled the Bristol Channel—used Cardiff as a raiding base, a port and a trading post. Many street-names in Cardiff are of Viking origin including Dumballs Road and the oldest street in the city, Womanby Street (Womanby Street is a corruption of the original Norse name Humandaby Street). The conquest of Glamorgan by Robert Fitzhamon brought an influx of Norman-French influence. Welsh was the majority language in Cardiff from the 13th century until the city's explosive growth in the Victorian era. As late as 1850, five of the twelve Anglican churches within the current city boundaries conducted their services exclusively in the Welsh language, while only two worshipped exclusively in English.
A substantial Irish population settled in Cardiff during the 19th century. They were drawn to Cardiff by the work available on major building and engineering projects in the docks and the city itself. The intermingling of the Irish, together with migrants from the West Country, the Midlands and rural Mid Wales is credited with having formed the distinctive flat-vowelled "Cardiff accent" (Roots to Cardiff exhibition, 2007). By 1891, the percentage of Welsh speakers had dropped to 27.9% and only Lisvane, Llanedeyrn and Creigiau remained as majority Welsh-speaking communities. The Welsh language became grouped around a small cluster of chapels and churches, the most notable of which is Tabernacl in the city centre, one of four UK churches chosen to hold official services to commemorate the new millennium. Following the establishment of the city's first Welsh School (Ysgol Gymraeg Bryntaf) in the 1950s, Welsh has slowly regained some ground.
Aided by Welsh-medium education and migration from other parts of Wales, the number of Welsh speakers in Cardiff rose by 14,451 between 1991 and 2001; Welsh is now spoken by 11% of Cardiffians. The highest percentage of Welsh speakers is in Pentyrch, where 15.9% of the population speak the language.
In additional to English and Welsh, the diversity of Cardiff's population (including foreign students) means that a large number of languages are spoken within the city. One study has found that Cardiff has speakers of at least 94 languages, with Somali, Urdu, Bengali and Arabic being the most commonly spoken foreign languages.
Festivals.
The "Big Weekend Festival" is held annually in the city centre during the summer and plays host to free musical performances (from artists such as Ash, Jimmy Cliff, Cerys Matthews, the Fun Loving Criminals, Soul II Soul and The Magic Numbers), fairground rides and cultural events such as a Children's Festival that takes place in the grounds of Cardiff Castle. The annual Cardiff Festival claims to be the UK's largest free outdoor festival, attracting over 250,000 visitors in 2007. Cardiff also hosted Radio 1's Big Weekend in 2003.
Cardiff hosted the National Eisteddfod in 1883, 1899, 1938, 1960, 1978 and 2008. Cardiff is unique in Wales in having two permanent stone circles used by the Gorsedd of Bards during Eisteddfodau. The original circle stands in Gorsedd Gardens in front of the National Museum while its 1978 replacement is situated in Bute Park.
Since 1983, Cardiff has hosted the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition, a world renowned event on the opera calendar which is held every two years. The city also hosts smaller events such as The Cardiff Design Festival, which began showcasing the best of Welsh design during the summer of 2005, and has since grown into a diverse range of designers exhibiting their work. Cardiff also hosts the Sŵn festival, a multiple venue music festival organised by BBC Radio 1 DJ Huw Stevens. The Cardiff Chinese New Year Celebrations, organised by Cardiff Chinese Community Services, are held annually at the Red Dragon Centre in Cardiff Bay.
Cardiff is also home to the Iris Prize Film Festival, the worlds largest prize for a Gay & Lesbian themed short film. The festival is held in October every year.
Parks.
Cardiff is known for its extensive parkland, with parks and other such green spaces covering around 10% of the city's total area. Cardiff's main park, Bute Park (which was formerly the castle grounds) extends northwards from the top of one of Cardiff's main shopping street (Queen Street); when combined with the adjacent Llandaff Fields and Pontcanna Fields to the northwest, it produces a massive open space skirting the River Taff. Other popular parks include Roath Park in the north, donated to the city by the 3rd Marquess of Bute in 1887 and which includes a very popular boating lake; Victoria Park, Cardiff's first official park; and Thompson's Park, formerly home to an aviary, removed in the 1970s.
In 2006, Cardiff won the prestigious Entente Florale award for large cities due to the beauty of its parks and floral displays.
Music and nightlife.
The Cardiff music scene is established and wide-ranging. It is the home to the BBC National Orchestra of Wales and Welsh National Opera. It has produced several leading acts itself and, as a capital city, has acted as a springboard for numerous Welsh bands to go and become famous both nationally and internationally. Acts who hail from Cardiff include Charlotte Church, Shirley Bassey, Catatonia, Super Furry Animals, The Oppressed, Kids In Glass Houses, Los Campesinos, The Hot Puppies, The School (UK), We're No Heroes, Pagan Wanderer Lu, Budgie, and Shakin' Stevens. Also, performers such as The Automatic, Jem, Funeral for a Friend, Lostprophets, Bullet for My Valentine, Stereophonics and Manic Street Preachers all have links with the city.
Cardiff has a strong nightlife and is home to many bars, pubs and clubs. Most clubs and bars are situated in the city centre, especially St. Mary's Street, and more recently Cardiff Bay has built up a strong night scene, with many modern bars & restaurants. The Brewery Quarter on St. Mary's Street is a recently developed venue for bars and restaurant with a central courtyard. Cardiff has many events going on at all times of the year and is a very fast developing city, particularly with regards to the Bay area. Nightlife throughout the City is a very popular attraction and up to date events can be found on the online Cardiff guide, Events in Cardiff. Cardiff Does experience large volumes of visitors due to the nature of its attractions, such as the Millennium Stadium, which potentially seats thousands and is often host to many international events.
Cardiff's recent redevelopment, including the opening of St,David's 2 shopping centre, has led to a rise in the number of gay venues in the city. These sit alongside the pre-exictings venues available. Similar to other major cities Cardiffs gay venues, are mostly focused around one area of the city. This being the area around Charles St and Churchill Way. Cardiff Gay Bars
Other entertainment.
Cardiff Bay is the location for many of the city's entertainment venues. The Red Dragon Centre is an entertainment centre featuring a Hollywood Bowl, Grosvenor Casino and an Odeon cinema, with Wales' only IMAX theatre. The centre also houses chain and independent restaurants. The Millennium Plaza centre is a similar venue in the city centre. The Cardiff branch of the global restaurant chain, Hard Rock Cafe, is found on St Mary Street in the city centre.
The main comedy clubs in Cardiff are The Glee Club, in Mermaid Quay, and Jongleurs, in the city centre.
Shopping.
Cardiff is one of the top ten retail destinations in the UK, with three main shopping arcades; St. David's Centre, Queens Arcade and the Capitol Centre. The current expansion of St. David's Centre as part of the St. David's 2 project is allowing a huge piece of land between The Hayes and Charles Street to be demolished and redeveloped, bringing around 200 shops, flats and a John Lewis department store to the city. As well as these modern shopping arcades, the city is also home to many Victorian shopping centres, such as High Street Arcade, Castle Arcade, Wyndham Arcade, Royal Arcade and Morgan Arcade. 
Queen Street is home to the main chain stores such as Topshop, Topman, Boots, Gap, Dorothy Perkins, Primark, and Zara to name a few. St. Mary Street is home to Wales' oldest and largest department store, Howells, together with smaller independent stores. Also of note is the Hayes, home to Spillers Records, the world's oldest record shop.
Cardiff has a number of markets, including the vast Victorian indoor Cardiff Central Market and the newly established Riverside Community Market, which specialises in locally-produced organic produce. Several out-of-town retail parks exist, such as Newport Road, Culverhouse Cross, Cardiff Gate and Cardiff Bay. 
There have been a number of issues relating to city centre shopping, most recently the cost of parking in the city centre and the experimental banning of private cars on St. Mary's Street. Both have been heavily criticised by some sectors of the media, public and retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="19756642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756642" title="Linus Malmqvist">
Linus Malmqvist

Linus Malmqvist, (born September 9, 1981), is a former Swedish football player, who played ten seasons for Landskrona BoIS and three seasons for Trelleborgs FF between the years 2001 and 2013 
Biography.
Landskrona BoIS.
Malmqvist began his career in the Landskrona club BK Fram and joined Landskrona BoIS in 1999. He made his professional debut for Landskrona in a match in Superettan 2001, same year as BoIS became runners-up and was promoted to Allsvenskan again. The following three years in Allsvenskan Malmqvist played a total of 16 matches. To play some more matches, Malmqvist went on loan to the recently relegated Allsvenskan team Trelleborgs FF.
Trelleborgs FF.
Despite only two games played from start during 2005 Malmqvist stayed in Trelleborg after his loan period had expired. The same year Trelleborg won Superettan, with Linus Malmqvist playing 29 matches from start. Trelleborg succeeded to avoid regulation in Allsvenskan 2007 and Malmqvist played 22 matchets, including the away game against IFK Gothenburg on Nya Ullevi where a crowd of 41,471 witnessed Gothenburg becoming Swedish champions.
Landskrona BoIS.
Malmqvist returned to Landskrona in 2008, as a part of the campaign to reach Allsvenskan under the new coach Anders Linderoth. Malmqvist pretty soon became the club's captain. BoIS, however, came in eleventh place in 2008, and the following season in Superettan the team came in eighth place, which resulted in the sacking of coach Linderoth. A decision Malmqvist thought was good. The following three years BoIS were coached by Henrik Larsson and Malmqvist continued in 2010 and 2011 in his role as a regular central defender and team captain. In autumn 2011, he was however injured, which made him absent in much of the 2012 season. Superettan 2013 became Linus Malmqvist last season as a player in Landskrona BoIS, after having had constant pain in the right ankle and lower leg for two years. Malmqvist played 168 league matches and scored 3 goals in total for Landskrona BoIS.

</doc>
<doc id="19756648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756648" title="Dodeuramsan">
Dodeuramsan

Dodeuramsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is within the boundaries of the city of Icheon. Dodeuramsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19756652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756652" title="Mikael Dahlgren">
Mikael Dahlgren

Mikael Dahlgren (born July 19, 1984) is a Swedish footballer who currently plays for Ängelholms FF. 
He has also played for Gais, Landskrona BoIS and Häljarps IF.

</doc>
<doc id="19756679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756679" title="Doilbong">
Doilbong

Doilbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is located within the boundaries of Yangpyeong County. Doilbong has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19756738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756738" title="Eobisan">
Eobisan

Eobisan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Yangpyeong County and Gapyeong County. Eobisan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19756752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756752" title="Srednja Vas v Bohinju">
Srednja Vas v Bohinju

Srednja Vas v Bohinju () is a village in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The parish church in the village is dedicated to Saint Martin. It is a Baroque church built over medieval foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="19756759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756759" title="Moshe Sharoni">
Moshe Sharoni

Moshe Sharoni (, born 1929) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009. He previously served as head of the breakaway faction, Justice for the Elderly.
Biography.
Born in Buhuși in Romania in 1929, Sharoni immigrated to Israel in 1948. In 1987 he gained a BA in municipal management from the University of Haifa. 
Prior to the 1996 elections he and Nava Arad helped establish the Pensioner's Party, which later became Gil. In 2006 he was elected to the Knesset on the Gil list. However, in early 2008 he led a breakaway faction from the party, establishing Justice for the Elderly on 2 June 2008. 
On 27 October 2008 the faction merged back into Gil. He lost his seat in the 2009 elections when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19756777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756777" title="Angus Cooper">
Angus Cooper

Angus Cooper (born 7 May 1964) is a retired male hammer thrower from New Zealand. At the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland he won a bronze medal in the men's hammer throw with a throw of 71.26m. He is the New Zealand national record holder with 73.10m but his best distance was 73.96m which was not ratified as a record for unknown reasons.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19756787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756787" title="List of Sahitya Akademi Award winners for Gujarati">
List of Sahitya Akademi Award winners for Gujarati

Sahitya Akademi Award to Gujarati Writers by Sahitya Akademi.

</doc>
<doc id="19756803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756803" title="Nicholas Shadrin">
Nicholas Shadrin

Nicholas George Shadrin, born Nikolai Fedorovich Artamonov (1922 - December 1975), was a Soviet naval officer serving in Gdynia, Poland who defected to the United States of America in 1959.
Life.
Shadrin was born in the Soviet Union in 1922. After joining the Navy he received advanced training in nuclear missiles, and at the age of 27 became the youngest destroyer captain in the fleet. Stationed in Gdynia, Poland in 1959, he fell in love with a Polish woman, Ewe Gora. With Navy restrictions and Gora's family's anticommunism making marriage appear impossible, the two defected by commandeering a naval launch to Sweden. The Central Intelligence Agency then brought Shadrin and Gora to the United States.
Shadrin's information proved particularly useful to the Office of Naval Intelligence. Working with the ONI under new identities, Shadrin gained an MA and PhD in engineering, and Gora opened a dental practice. Later, with ONI unable to gain Shadrin higher level security clearances, he was assigned to translation in the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Shadrin was engaged in various counter-intelligence assignments during the Cold War after being approached by the KGB in 1966. He disappeared on assignment in Vienna, Austria in December 1975, apparently kidnapped by KGB agents. Later, another Soviet defector reported that Shadrin had died an accidental death during the kidnapping, apparently of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="19756818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756818" title="Edge of Winter">
Edge of Winter

Edge of Winter is an album by New Zealand/Australian singer-songwriter Sharon O'Neill which was released by Polydor in 1990. The album is a mature work, with its two singles "Satin Sheets" and "Poster Girl", which had little chart success. The album is O'Neill's last solo studio album of new material. All the album's songs were written by O'Neill, or co-written with guitarist/keyboardist Alan Mansfield of Dragon, who is also her domestic partner. O'Neil and Mansfield had written tracks for Dragon including "Young Years" for their 1989 album "Bondi Road". Mansfield also produced the album.
Background.
Sharon O'Neill began her career in the 1970s in New Zealand, then gained major success in Australia with the hit "Words" and the subsequent singles "How Do You Talk to Boys?" (#16, 1980), "Maybe"(#18, 1981), "Losing You"(#8, 1983), and "Power" (#23, 1984). Chart positions are for Melbourne only.
The early 1980s proved O'Neill's most commercially successful solo period, composing and performing the soundtrack to the 1981 film "Smash Palace", and with the "Foreign Affairs" album in 1983 spawning her biggest hit "Maxine" (#17, 1983 Melbourne). A legal battle with her then record company Sony caused a delay in her career. During the enforced hiatus, O'Neill wrote songs for ABC TV series "Sweet and Sour" (1984) including the title song performed by Deborah Conway (later recorded by O'Neill as "In Control") and "Glam to Wham". 
In 1987 O'Neill returned with her next album "Danced in the Fire" on Polygram which featured some biographical songs about the legal wrangles with Sony. O'Neill's last solo album of new material, "Edge of Winter", was released in 1990. A mature work, two singles were taken from this album, "Satin Sheets" and "Poster Girl", both of which failed to find chart success.
Tracklisting.
All tracks were written by Sharon O'Neill and Alan Mansfield unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19756845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756845" title="Zu Geng">
Zu Geng

Zu Geng may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756881" title="Fedra">
Fedra

Fedra can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756886" title="Dark of Night">
Dark of Night

Dark of Night is an American dramatic anthology series that aired on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network which aired Fridays at 8:30pm EST from October 3, 1952 to May 1, 1953. 
The series starred mostly unknown actors. Each episode was filmed at a different location in the New York City area. According to Brooks and Marsh (1984), locations included a Coca-Cola bottling plant, Brentano's book store in Manhattan, a castle in New Jersey, and the American Red Cross Blood Bank. 
Episode status.
Though most episodes of DuMont series were eventually destroyed, the UCLA Film and Television Archive has one episode of "Dark of Night".

</doc>
<doc id="19756889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756889" title="Ravenswood, Western Australia">
Ravenswood, Western Australia

Ravenswood in a small town in the Peel region of Western Australia.
The town is located along Pinjarra Road and on the banks of the Murray River
The town retains the name it was given as a property which was established in the 1840s. The area was later sub-divided in the 1960s and the shire requested that a townsite be declared.
The town was gazetted in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19756891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756891" title="Romualdas Granauskas">
Romualdas Granauskas

Romualdas Granauskas (born May 18, 1939 in Mažeikiai, Lithuania) – is a Lithuanian/Samogitian author and dramaturge.
After finishing youth labour school in Seda, he worked with the Lithuanian newspaper "Mūsų žodis" and the magazine "Nemunas", established in Skuodas, as an editor. Later on he worked as construction worker, metalworker, radio reporter, and lectured in Mosėdis.
Granauskas started publishing his stories in 1954 in his collection "Medžių viršūnės" (eng. "The Tops of the Trees") (1969), and in "Duonos valgytojai" (eng. "Bread Eaters") (1975), where he speaks about the elder generation of retiring farmers, also about their customs, daily life, moral code. One of the main creations of Romualdas Granauskas is considered to be the novella "Gyvenimas po klevu" (eng. "Life Under the Maple") (1988), which drew the whole society's attention. Nature, history and mythology are the topics of one of the most mature and sophisticated novellas of R.Granauskas "Jaučio aukojimas" (eng. the "The Sacrifice of a Bull") (1975).
Duburys (Vortex) is a classical artistic novel covering the entire life of the main character during Soviet times in Lithuania (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="19756907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756907" title="Gonin (disambiguation)">
Gonin (disambiguation)

Gonin is a Japanese word meaning "five people". It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756909" title="Yitzhak Tabenkin">
Yitzhak Tabenkin

Yitzhak Tabenkin (, 
8 January 1888 – 6 June 1971) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician. He was one of the founders of the Kibbutz Movement.
Biography.
Tabenkin was born in Babruysk in the Russian Empire (now Belarus) in 1888. He attended a cheder in Warsaw and later continued with a secular education. He was among the founders of Poale Zion in Poland. He cited Karl Marx and Haim Nahman Bialik as influences.
In 1912 he immigrated to Ottoman Palestine, where he worked as an agricultural laborer in Merhavia and Kfar Uria. During the First World War, he worked on the Kinneret farm. He was a delegate to every Zionist Congress after the war.
He joined the defense organization HaShomer. He was a member of the "Non-Party" workers group and was active in agricultural laborers organizations in the West Bank. In 1921 he joined Joseph Trumpeldor's Gdud HaAvoda and became one of the founders of kibbutz Ein Harod, which later became the center of the Kibbutz Movement, where he was considered a spiritual leader. He went on a mission on behalf of "Hechalutz" to Poland to encourage Aliyah.
He disapproved of the idea of Jewish statehood and advocated a "bottom up" approach to Jewish socialism. He believed this should be achieved in the "Whole Land of Israel". He regarded the political borders of the Middle East following the partition of the Ottoman Empire as imposed by European imperialism. He expressed a vision of the entire Jewish people living in communes as part of a "worldwide alliance of communist peoples". He referred to the Great Revolt as an event that perpetuated the Jewish national existence.
He was one of the founders of Ahdut HaAvoda. In 1930, he became one of the founders of Mapai and one of its leaders along with David Ben-Gurion and Berl Katznelson. He opposed the Peel Commission's recommendations and any of Ben-Gurion's attempts to reach a compromise with the Revisionist Zionists.
In 1944 he led the "Bet" Faction that split from Mapai and created the new "Ahdut HaAvoda" party. In 1948 he was one of the founders of Mapam, and was elected to the first Knesset in 1949. In 1954 he resigned from Mapam along with Ahdut HaAvoda over the issue of relationships with the Soviet Union and remained the leader of Ahdut HaAvoda until the establishment of the Labor Party in 1968. He was reelected to the third Knesset in 1955.
After the Sinai War of 1956, he opposed Israel's withdrawal and compared it to the Munich Agreement. He said Israel's right to the Sinai Peninsula and the Gaza Strip was derived from the Ten Commandments and the blood of the soldiers killed in the war. During the 1960s, he maintained that the 1949 Armistice Agreements would not last. In June 1966, he said "Anywhere war will allow, we shall go to restore the country's integrity".
After the Six-Day War of 1967, he opposed any territorial concession. He considered the addition of over a million Arabs to Israel's population a problem that could be solved by a massive aliyah. He believed Israel's victory would awaken the Jewish Diaspora and joined the "Movement for Greater Israel".
He lived at Ein Harod until his death. Moshav Yitav (a Hebrew acronym for "Yad Yitzhak Tabenkin") in the Jordan Valley is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="19756910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756910" title="Eileen Keegan">
Eileen Keegan

Eileen Keegan (died 22 October 2000, South Africa) was a South African ballet dancer and teacher. She initially trained in South Africa under Madge Mann and Nancy Hooper, before moving to London in 1932 to continue her training. She toured Europe with Molly Lake's company and went on a global tour with Dandre's Ballet Company. She qualified as a Cecchetti examiner after being examined by Cyril Beaumont. In 1936 she returned to South Africa to teach. She ran her own studio, with Dorothea McNair, opposite the old Theatre Royal in Durban before moving to Kloof. She taught in her private studio for over 50 years. She gave recitals in the Durban City Hall and in 1939 presented the first locally produced season of ballet in the city. In 1940 she formed Durban's highly successful "Ballet Club", which was based on the concept of the club begun by Dulcie Howes in Cape Town. Her notable pupils include: Nadia Nerina, Michael Maule, Joy Shearer, Colleen Scott, and Judy Gale-Brown. She died at her home on 22 October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19756936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756936" title="Matthias Eklund">
Matthias Eklund

Matthias Eklund (born July 23, 1976) is a Swedish football striker who currently plays for Landskrona BoIS.
He has played in Landskrona since 1997.
He has also played for Helsingborgs IF and Lönsboda GoIF.

</doc>
<doc id="19756938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756938" title="Studor v Bohinju">
Studor v Bohinju

Studor v Bohinju is a village in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Mount Studor rises above the village.
Name.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Studor" to "Studor v Bohinju" in 1955. The name of the settlement was first attested in 1291 as "Ztodar". The name was originally an oronym, "*Stodor", derived from Common Slavic "*stodorъ" 'sharp peak'. The pronunciation "Stu-" for "Sto-" is a dialect feature () that has become standardized in this toponym.
Hayracks.
Studor v Bohinju is known for its group of wooden hayracks just below the village. The double structure of these hayracks is particular to the area and the Studor v Bohinju group of hayracks has been declared an architectural monument. There is also a small ethnographic museum in the village at the Oplen house () at Studor v Bohinju no. 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19756939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756939" title="HMS Forward (shore establishment 1984)">
HMS Forward (shore establishment 1984)

HMS "Forward" is a Royal Naval Reserve unit located in Birmingham, England, close to St. Andrews football stadium. It has a crew of nearly 100 naval and marine reservists, in addition to a handful of full-time staff. The Birmingham University Royal Naval Unit, the Defence Technical Undergraduate Scheme 'Taurus Squadron' and a detachment of the Royal Marine Reserves Merseyside are also located on the site. The ship is particularly unusual in that it is situated 80 miles from the sea.
History.
The base originated on a different site during the Second World War, and was originally known as the regional Naval Communications Training Centre. On 1 October 1984, the centre became a commissioned ship - a stone frigate - known as HMS "Forward". In early 1985, the unit moved to a former industrial unit on Sampson Rd North which, on 28 January 1986, was officially opened by The Princess Royal. The unit once again moved in April 1999, this time to a new purpose-built building. Once again the official opening was performed by The Princess Royal. The ship acquired its name from the motto of the City of Birmingham - "Forward". The unit is affiliated with , a Type 45 destroyer currently in service with the Royal Navy.
Awards and noted events.
In 2000, the ship won the Richards Trophy, a national seamanship competition, at . 
In 2004, the ship was granted the Freedom of the City of Birmingham, from John Alden, Lord Mayor of Birmingham.
In 2007, a team from the ship, led by new recruit Jules Morgan, rescued a man with hypothermia from Snowdon in driving hail. 
The ship became more famous in recent years when it produced a winner of The Sun Military Awards, Able Seaman Grandison, who won the national award for 'Best Reservist'. Grandison is a taxi-driver in Sandwell, but left his work and contracts to deploy to the Indian Ocean as part of a team to provide armed protection against piracy to RFA "Wave Knight". He was later promoted to Leading Hand.
Current tasks.
Being the only large naval presence in the West Midlands, "Forward" is called upon to act in ceremonial duties and parades, and recently supplied contingents for the Birmingham Trafalgar Day, Remembrance Day, and Armed Forces Day parades.

</doc>
<doc id="19756944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756944" title="Anne Margrethe Strømsheim">
Anne Margrethe Strømsheim

Anne Margrethe Strømsheim (née Bang) (1914 – 6 October 2008) was a Norwegian resistance member during the German occupation of Norway during World War II. She is best known for her participation in the defence of Hegra Fortress in 1940 and her post-World War II war information work.
Early life.
Anne Margrethe Bang was born in Trondheim in 1914, the daughter of a medical doctor. Her father, a surgeon, served as an inspiration for her. He had taken part in World War I and the Balkan Wars as a medical volunteer and was convinced that sooner or later the Germans or Russians would attack Norway. From the age of 11 Anne Margrethe was taught by her father how to disinfect medical equipment and perform first aid. Although she wanted to become a professional nurse when World War II was over she lacked money to fund any education.
World War II.
During the Norwegian Campaign she took part in the Battle of Hegra Fortress as a nurse. The battle saw a small force of Norwegian volunteers holding back German forces for 25 days, with Hegra Fortress eventually capitulating on 5 May — after all other Norwegian forces in southern Norway had laid down their arms. The only woman at Hegra, Bang became known nationally as a resistance heroine and was given the nickname "Lotten fra Hegra".
Outbreak of war.
At the outbreak of the German invasion on 9 April 1940 she was at Kongsvoll mountain station recovering from bronchitis. As the news reached her she put on her skis and started off for Trondheim, catching a lift with a freight train to Oppdal. From Oppdal she took a taxicab to Trondheim, arriving late in the evening of 9 April. After evacuating her mother from Trondheim she returned to the city before moving on Lake Selbusjø where she encountered Norwegian Army Air Service pilots who had evacuated from Værnes. The pilots told her that fighting was expected in the area around Hegra and that the Norwegian forces there were lacking medical supplies. In response to these reports she gathered together medical supplies and went to Hegra. At Hegra, she met two childhood friends who had volunteered to fight the German invasion, both of whom were to die during the upcoming battle. Even before the fighting began she had to use her first aid skills when a civilian train was accidentally fired upon by the Norwegian soldiers blocking the Meråker Line rail line. After the incident, she tended a severely wounded Finnish woman until the woman could be operated on at a hospital in Selbu, singing a Finnish song to calm her down. On her way back to the fortress Bang had to pass through German road blocks and for the last bit wade through deep snow.
Under siege at Hegra.
During the 25-day Battle of Hegra Fortress Anne Margrethe Bang tended the sick and wounded for 20 hours a day if there were no German attacks going on; during attacks she would work non-stop. The German besiegers soon noticed her as their observers spotted a person in military uniform but without a cap and with long, blonde hair at the fortress. The Germans took to calling her Jeanne d'Arc. The cold and wet conditions within the fortress led to sickness amongst most of the Norwegian soldiers and Bang herself had to have several toes amputated after the battle.
Prisoner of war.
After Hegra Fortress surrendered on 5 May 1940 Bang was held as a prisoner of war by the Germans, although she was treated much better than her fellow male soldiers who were set to do forced labour. The PoWs from Hegra worked with lumber intended to be used for repairing bridges destroyed by Norwegian forces during the fighting. Only after she managed to contact the Norwegian Red Cross did the PoWs receive medical treatment, with more than 40 men being hospitalised and several dying of tuberculosis.
During the German occupation.
After the end of the 1940 Campaign she continued her fight against the occupiers through participation in the Norwegian resistance movement In the autumn of 1940 Bang was brought in for interrogation by the Gestapo. When she was confronted with her resistance efforts at Hegra she quoted a section of "Mein Kampf" that states that any country and people that does not intend to defend itself is not worthy of existence and should be exterminated. Continuing her activities in the Norwegian resistance Bang eventually had to flee Trøndelag to avoid arrest, being warned in advance by a local Nazi.
Honours.
For her wartime efforts she was decorated with the Norwegian War Medal, the Defence Medal 1940–1945 and the HM The King's Medal of Merit in gold, as well as four others including one American. Initially the Norwegian authorities were hesitant to give her the War Medal due to her gender, but she eventually received it.
On International Women's Day (8 March) 2005 a street in Stjørdal was named Anne Margrethe Bangs gate in honour of the sole female defender of Hegra Fortress. As she was told of the decision to name the street after her she stated that she was glad of the honour, having been fond of the area since an early age.
In 2006 Strømsheim donated her medals to the museum at Hegra Fortress.
Post-war life.
After World War II Strømsheim worked for the benefit of blind children, war invalids and divers injured during oil exploration in the North Sea. Strømsheim expressed concern over the young Norwegian people being sent to conflict zones in the 21st century, stating that her own mother had not recognised her after the war. She also expresses grave concerns as to the condition of the Norwegian Defence Force and its ability to defend Norway's oil and energy resources. In addition she stated that modern Norwegian youths were not given enough information on the realities of war by the government.
In her later years she lived in Bærum, and died there on 6 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19756952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756952" title="Meaningful play">
Meaningful play

Meaningful play are actions or activities built with either a designed or inherent intent, such as data collection or therapy. 
Meaning is defined as the underlying purpose of the topic or subject at hand, while play itself is defined as a range of voluntary, intrinsically motivated activities normally associated with pleasure and enjoyment.
Inherent meaningful play would be defined as an activity where the purpose is built directly into the activity. An example of this is that sports have the inherent meaning of being fun and full of physical activity to promote wellness.
Designed meaningful play is defined as an activity where another purpose is also integrated into the activity, by the creator of the activity, to either acquire knowledge or promote another purpose within the activity. For example, games in developmental psychology have the designed meaning of gathering data about many functions such as how executive function develops. The designed meaning does not have to be built into the activity from the beginning. In considering recess, it was created to give children time to exercise and socialize, but researchers at a later time have inferred meaning from the activities that children participate in during this time, adding a designed meaning to the activity of recess.
Overview.
Meaningful play is discussed in the disciplines of psychology, education, counselling and law. It is also utilized in the fields of video games. While there appears to be no exact moment when the term was created, it first started to appear in the field of video games with the book "rules of play" (talked about in the video game section below), and was further adapted into other fields such as psychology soon after with a modified definition.
Meaningful play has grown and become more influential over the years. As researchers discovered many of the various uses for play (For example cleaning up excess brain cells during play as well as discovered how many various forms of play there are [2. Advocates of meaningful play and play in general have even voiced their recommendation that playing be placed above testing in young grades like kindergarten As well there are studies branching out to different age groups seeing if meaningful play can help the elderly with cognitive and physical functioning [19
While all play can be considered meaningful due to the inherent nature of play to have some sort of meaning of either competition or enjoyment, meaningful play is also about the designed meaning taken from play.
Psychology.
The field of psychology uses meaningful play in a large variety of ways. The most important way is for gathering data during research, especially with children. This is considered basic research because it is done with the sole intent of gathering knowledge which could eventually be applied. Other ways include playing (in the form of games or role-playing) during therapy.
Improving Basic Research.
The experimental approach works quite well for the most common research participant (University undergraduate students) but for children it can be more difficult to keep them interested in the task which allows more room for noise. This is due to the fact that children can become bored very quickly with normal testing methods. Researchers, using meaningful play, can build experiments using various playful techniques so that the experimental method is fun and interactive for children, and at the same time gathers data correctly for the concept .
An example of an experiment designed to be as simple as possible for gathering data would be the Ainsworth Strange Situation task However looking at a task that incorporates meaningful play, such as the switch task for children which incorporated a story for motivation to the children, interactions which the children could enjoy (such as finding treasure) created the sense that the children were helping the characters accomplish a goal [22. Even though it was presented as a game, the researchers were able to collect all the data required.
Meaningful play, for use in data collection, has been used across almost every age group, from hide and seek games with infants, to block puzzles with children, to virtual reality games with young adults 
Meaningful play goes even further than just humans and can also be used to train animals. In the psychology, meaningful play is used for extracting data from animals who are unable to verbally give us the meaning behind their actions.
In university settings, environmental enrichment boxes for pigeons, mice, and other animals have the inherent meaning of allowing them exercise and mental stimulation. This follows from the designed meaning of the enrichment boxes to keep the animals at mental peak and closer to a natural environment. The boxes are created to achieve this goal by following several strict guidelines .
Meaningful play is a bit more difficult because on animals with lower cognitive skills (like pigeons) it is hard to actual create a game for them to play, yet researchers have used techniques such as operant boxes to make it more interactive and motivating .
Therapy.
Meaningful play, in the form of play therapy, has been used to help children and adults [25. It can involve various methods from using dolls to role-playing, all of which help to bring the participant into a state of mind where they feel comfortable discussing or overcoming the problem they are experiencing.
When participants of this kind of therapy use playing, in any form, it helps them to overcome whatever is causing their negative state in a safe and secure environment. They are also able to detach themselves and push their emotions and states onto the role they are taking or the dolls they are using.
Critics argue play therapy because it can also be seen as a form of temporary regression where adults act like children, playing games to overcome problems. While there are notable cases of regression in adults and even children regressing further [26, there has been no link made of any sort between play therapy and regression in a negative way.
Video games.
Video games are an example of designed meaning. They draw the player into the designed world and from that point, the player finds their own meaning either by following the designers intents or making their own. An example of games like this can range from Pong to the new Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
In Rules of Play, Katie Salen and Eric Zimmerman introduce meaningful play as the goal of successful game design. They offer two definitions, one descriptive and one evaluative:
Descriptive definition: "Meaningful play in a game emerges from the relationship between player action and system outcome; it is the process by which a player takes action within the designed system of a game and the system responds to the action. The meaning of an action in a game resides in the relationship between action and outcome". This is a cause-and-effect definition, for example if you press a lever and a door opens, the descriptive definition is that pressing that certain lever causes that exact door to open.
Evaluative definition: "Meaningful play is what occurs when the relationships between actions and outcomes in a game are both discernable and integrated into the larger context of the game". This definition has to be looked at from a wider viewpoint where the actual actions that the player takes are analyzed. It asks the question of why the player takes the actions that he does and what meaning his actions have over the entire course of the game.
These can be broken down into the original components of meaningful play, where descriptive is inherent, and evaluative is the designed meaning of the game. With meaningful play in games being based on designing a successful game, it can be difficult to evaluate what is a successful game. Examples of very successful games that had success in non-intended ways are provided.
Both evaluative and descriptive definitions have been studied extensively in the online genre of games. One of the most notable examples are Massive Multiplayer online roleplaying games (MMORPG) such as Everquest where the descriptive definition of the game is to live a second life using a character that you have built yourself. These games are very similar with how people actually perform daily activities (i.e. getting a job, working towards future goals), studies have been done on game participants playin to see if the game impacts their real life interactions .
While video games are unquestionably built with the intention of being enjoyable and fun, functions or programs built into the game sometimes have interesting, though unanticipated, outcomes. An example of this happened in the MMORPG, World of Warcraft. The behavior that players had during a virtual outbreak of a disease allowed epidemiologists to study this behavior and use it as a disease outbreak model . While the properties of this disease were not designed into the game on purpose, due to its nature and the actions of the players (descriptive meaning) it allowed scientists to study the behavior and extract the evaluative meaning behind the players’ actions as they played.
Various political organizations have also used video games to get their points across or to try to visually represent their standing. For these types of games, the entire focus is on the evaluative definition because they are built for the sole purpose of trying to educate the player about the message and meaning the party has. A prime example of this would be the games by PETA .
Education.
Meaningful play is the idea of educational interactions, using games and play, to enhance learning. While this interaction has been studied most with experiments between teacher and child it has also been studied in interactions between children [10 and how playing by oneself in given roles can increase learning ability in fields such as reading .
In the field of education, inherent meaningful play, is most apparent during sports activities (During gym class or organized sports for example) where the play is useful for healthy physical development of the participant As well, recess is a highly studied area for meaningful play where children build relationships and social skills [3. In the classroom, the idea of using games and play, with the designed meaning of teaching children or adults, has been done using various teaching games such as sing-alongs or educational board games. It has also been attempted on a larger scale by creating an entire educational computer game on a massive multiplayer scale . This game was first used in the field of biology to go through life cycles of certain animals and also to explain environmental changes to students. It allowed many students to all interact and participate with each other in a video game environment to help with learning and to make it more engaging.
It was realized that children can learn more quickly when the task is framed in the form of a game. This can be paralleled to the idea that when something is framed in the context of something you are familiar with, the task becomes easier. This has been shown with younger children in Brazil where their math skills were lower when compared to North American peers but when the problems were framed in the context of monetary transactions, with which they were familiar, they could answer at the same level as other children Another experiment [14 demonstrated that children excelled and learnt math (among other skills) faster when they were learning by playing a game where the meaning of the game was to learn math. Other proposals are being considered for how to use meaningful play to teach other subjects, such as science, in a more manageable way .
In every day settings, meaningful play is encouraged and performed through training animals to perform various actions such as the classic training of the dog to fetch the newspaper, or a cat to jump through a hoop. While humorous, these actions are performed for more than just the express to play, but also with the meaning and intention to train the animals. Various methods of playing with animals to train them or even to use play for therapy have been documented throughout history .
Law.
Meaningful play has also been used in the field of law. Difficult topics that arise during court cases or when attempting to retrieve eyewitness testimony can be problematic when dealing with children. Multiple methods (mostly placed under the label of play therapy) have been used such as fantasy role-playing or using dolls for children to recreate, through playing, the way they recall events. 
See also.
Meaningful Play is also the name of a conference held at Michigan State University.
Sources.
Schaefer, Charles E [Ed. (2010). Play therapy for preschool children. (pp. 277–299). x, 333 pp. Washington, DC, US: American Psychological Association; US.
Schaefer, Charles E [Ed. (2003). Play therapy with adults. xii, 392 pp. Hoboken, NJ, US: John Wiley & Sons Inc; US. Edited Book
Wakuta, Naomi; Matusmoto, Hideo; Murakami, Naoto; Ohara, Kenshiro. Japanese Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry. Vol.30(5), Sep-Nov 1989, pp. 388–396.

</doc>
<doc id="19756962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756962" title="Gallium sulfide">
Gallium sulfide

Gallium sulfide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19756963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756963" title="Bowieite">
Bowieite

Bowieite is a rhodium-iridium-platinum sulfide mineral (Rh,Ir,Pt)2S3, found in platinum-alloy nuggets from Goodnews Bay, Alaska. Named (by IMA in 1984) after British scientist, Stanley Bowie (1917–2008) in recognition of his work on identification of opaque minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="19756964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756964" title="Ilut Stadium">
Ilut Stadium

The Ilut Stadium is a football stadium in Ilut, located near Nazareth in northern Israel. The stadium is the home ground of Maccabi Ahi Nazareth.
Bnei Sakhnin, Hapoel Acre and Hapoel Nazareth Illit have all played at the ground whilst their stadiums were being upgraded.

</doc>
<doc id="19756966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756966" title="The Courtroom">
The Courtroom

The Courtroom is a British legal drama created by Phil Redmond, which aired between June and December 2004.
The programme was notable for starring many former British soap stars, particularly those who starred in Redmond's other productions "Brookside" and "Hollyoaks".

</doc>
<doc id="19756987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19756987" title="Ötscher">
Ötscher

The Ötscher, at 1893 metres, is a prominent peak in south-western Lower Austria. Its name has Slavic roots and translates approximately as a diminutive of "father". The Ötscher area belongs to the Ybbstal Alps, which are part of the Northern Limestone Alps. The boundary between the districts of Lilienfeld and Scheibbs lies directly on its peak. 

</doc>
<doc id="19757038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757038" title="Noored kotkad">
Noored kotkad

Noored kotkad (released in 1927) in an Estonian war and adventure silent film about Estonian War of Independence, fought in 1918-1920.
Film was filmed in 1927 in Tartu, Tartu County, Mustvee and Värska. The film was digitally restored in 2008 by Taska Productions and Digital Film Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19757042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757042" title="Matthew McClearn">
Matthew McClearn

Matthew McClearn (April 8, 1802 – January 18, 1865) was a merchant, ship owner and politician in Nova Scotia. He represented Liverpool township in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1855 to 1859.
He was born in Port Mouton, Nova Scotia, the son of Robert McClearn and Sarah West. McClearn captained ships in the trade with the West Indies for his uncle Joseph Freeman. In 1830, he married Sophia Darrow. He acquired his own schooner in 1843 and used it to transport goods between Liverpool, Nova Scotia and Halifax. He died of yellow fever in Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="19757054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757054" title="UnLtd">
UnLtd

UnLtd - The Foundation for Social Entrepreneurs is a charitable organisation in the United Kingdom set up by seven organisations that promote Social entrepreneurship. The organisation offers cash Awards, networking and mentorship opportunities for social entrepreneurs in the UK.
History.
UnLtd was formed in 2000 by seven leading non-profit organisations working with social entrepreneurs both across the UK and internationally: , Changemakers, Community Action Network (CAN), Comic Relief, The Scarman Trust, SENSCOT, and The School for Social Entrepreneurs (SSE).
UnLtd’s Awards are funded by the income generated by a £100 million endowment from the Millennium Commission as a permanent source of grants for individuals throughout the United Kingdom to develop their skills and talents, and to contribute to the community; the income from the endowment is held by the Millennium Awards, of which UnLtd is the sole Trustee. This legacy is invested as a permanent endowment so that it generates sufficient income to fund UnLtd’s Millennium Awards in perpetuity.
In addition, UnLtd raises funds from government, foundations, companies and others. UnLtd is accountable to its Board of Trustees; trustees have a responsibility to act collectively to ensure the proper administration of the charity. They must safeguard the assets of the charity to ensure that these assets and resources are only used in furtherance of the objects of the charity.
Current practice.
UnLtd provides an individually tailored combination of cash funding, practical support and networking opportunities. In addition to funding support, it provides dedicated Award Managers offering business and mentoring support, networking opportunities, training and development opportunities and access to wider support and pro bono services.
UnLtd’s core Millennium Awards Scheme is for people:
UnLtd offers different levels of Award:
UnLtd's funding throughout the UK is divided throughout 5 regions; London, The South and the East of England, The North of England and the Midlands, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales.
UnLtd Ventures.
UnLtd Ventures provides consultancy support to a number of outstanding social entrepreneurs, helping them to scale up or replicate their projects. These are individuals who have already established themselves as successful social entrepreneurs, either through the UnLtd Do It and Build It Awards or independently of UnLtd.
This is achieved by providing support through in-house resources of business consultants and experienced practitioners, as well as through partnerships with external providers of specialist services where appropriate. UnLtd Ventures also acts as a broker between ‘Venturers’ and providers of a range of different types of funding.
UnLtd Ventures also explore potential partnerships with organisations that have experience in raising and distributing investment funds, which would complement UnLtd Ventures experience in sourcing and supporting entrepreneurs. The market place for investment in Social enterprise and social entrepreneurs is evolving rapidly and Ventures remain committed to providing an innovative approach based on the experience of the wider organisation within Do It and Build It Awards.
UnLtd Research.
UnLtd Research studies the impact of the support UnLtd gives to early start social entrepreneurs, and the impact they have on the worlds in which they live. UnLtd believes that in-depth research into the individuals they support, their learning, needs and impact is the best way to improve the work of UnLtd to enhance the contribution which early start social entrepreneurs make to the world. UnLtd has partnerships with academic institutions UCL, Open University, Middlesex University, University of Birmingham.
Unltd India.
UnLtd supports Unltd India which funds and supports social entrepreneurs. Unltd India is based in Mumbai and also runs Bombay Connect. Other initiatives of UnLtd India are Bootcamp, Journeys for Change and Social Mashup.
Unltd South Africa.
UnLtd supports Unltd South Africa which funds and supports social entrepreneurs. Unltd South Africa is based in Cape Town.
Unltd Thailand.
UnLtd supports UnLtd Thailand which funds and supports social entrepreneurs. Unltd Thailand is based in Bangkok.
UnLtdWorld.
On March 4, 2008, UnLtd launched UnLtdWorld, an online community for socially minded people. UnLtdWorld was an online platform that connected social entrepreneurs and attempted to empower the way insight and information was shared, and exchanged, within the social enterprise sector and market. UnLtdWorld aimed to provide social entrepreneurs with the most powerful possible platform to dynamically connect, and through a community share knowledge and find the tools they need to succeed.
Alongside fostering a vibrant community, UnLtdWorld's goal was to improve the way targeted information, business intelligence and critical social and market insight are accessed and exchanged by all relevant stakeholders within the social enterprise sector and market.
This was done through the UnLtdWorld Research Lab, which graphs information fed from the UnLtdWorld platform (around community, content and trends). Through an API all the data was made accessible and dynamically usable, by anyone, everywhere.
It was sold to The Guardian in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19757093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757093" title="Kortrang">
Kortrang

Kortrang is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2558.

</doc>
<doc id="19757099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757099" title="Lahai">
Lahai

Lahai is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4442 living in 800 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757102" title="Stanley Bowie">
Stanley Bowie

Stanley Hay Umphray Bowie FRS (born 24 March 1917, in Bixter, Shetland - died 2008) was a Scottish geologist. He was considered a "world authority on uranium geology and a leader in the field of geochemistry and mineralogy". He developed methods and tools to identify opaque minerals using micro-indentation hardness and optical reflectance. The mineral bowieite was so named in recognition of his work on identification of opaque minerals.

</doc>
<doc id="19757107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757107" title="Richie Kotzen (album)">
Richie Kotzen (album)

Richie Kotzen is the self-titled first studio album by guitarist Richie Kotzen, released on August 11, 1989 through Shrapnel Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19757109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757109" title="The Crouches">
The Crouches

The Crouches is a sitcom that aired on BBC One between 2003 and 2005, starring Rudolph Walker. Other main cast members were Robbie Gee and Jo Martin. Walker played Robbie Gee's (Roly) father, and Mona Hammond, who played Jo's (Natalie) mother. The show was not well received by critics and only two series were made. It ratings were moderate, attracting an average of 3 million viewers. 
Childhood sweethearts Roly Crouch (Robbie Gee) and Natalie (Jo Martin) have been married for 18 years. Roly works at for the London Underground at Lambeth North as a Station Assistant. Roly has two best mates, Ed and Bailey. Bailey, who is portrayed by Don Warrington is his boss, and Ed, who is portrayed by Danny John-Jules is also a station assistant.
Ed is married to Lindy. Their relationship is rocky, and even when Lindy chucks him out of the house at times, he still thinks that she loves him and that it is her way of expressing her love to him.
Natalie used to be in a rap duo with best mate Lindy, who is portrayed by Llewella Gideon, called "Bun and Cheese". Nat said they wanted to be Britain's answer to Salt-n-Pepa, but their musical career didn't take off despite Roly's support (he was the only person not to boo at their performances). She now manages a discount store (Poundkickers) in Elephant and Castle Shopping Centre and longs for some sophistication in her life.
They have two demanding teenagers, Aiden, who was played by Akemnji Ndifernyana in series one and was replaced by Aaron Shosanya in series two and Adele, who is played by Ony Uhiara. Roly and Natalie also have their parents living in the household. Langley, who is portrayed by Rudolph Walker and Sylvie, who is portrayed by Mona Hammond. The pressure on the Crouch household sometimes reaches boiling point.
Grandad a.k.a. (Langley) is Roly's mischievous Trinidadian father. He was married to Roly's mum Primrose for many years until she died eight years earlier. However he still has a keen eye for the ladies. His favourite pastimes (besides ladies!) are dominoes and winding up Roly. He once invented a dance called Lick My Rifle.
Grandma a.k.a. (Sylvie) is Natalie's Jamaican mother who was married for many years to Natalie's father Roy. But she's now a widow and lives with Natalie and the family. She dislikes Roly's miserly ways, cream teas and her cousin Janet's "tee hee" laugh. She knows that Grandpa Langley is after her, but she is more than a match for him.
Aiden is the Crouches young son. He has Beyoncé posters on his wall and loves computer games. Aidan hates tidying up and loves fighting with his sister. 
Adele is Roly and Nat's feisty, sharp-tongued daughter who loves clubbing and giving her parents grief. She doesn't "do" work and can't see why her parents don't approve of her "businessman" boyfriend, Dennis Dutton - as if that is going to stop her from seeing him. Dennis is portrayed by Jimmy Akingbola.

</doc>
<doc id="19757110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757110" title="RAF Downham Market">
RAF Downham Market

RAF Downham Market was a Royal Air Force station in the west of the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom which operated during the second half of the Second World War.
History.
RAF Downham Market opened as a satellite station for RAF Marham in the Summer of 1942. The station was equipped with three concrete runways, one of 1,900 yards and two of 1,400 yards. Originally there were 36 hardstandings, although this dropped to 34 when an additional B1 hangar was added in the north west of the station. Six T2 hangars were built, three of which were for the storage of gliders. Accommodation was provided for 1,719 males and 326 females, with Bexwell Hall being used as the officer's mess. In October 1943 the station was equipped with the FIDO fog dispersal system.
The first operational squadron at the station was 218 Squadron, operating Short Stirling aircraft, who arrived from Marham in July 1942. In August 1943, 623 Squadron formed at Downham, also operating Stirling aircraft. This Squadron was disbanded four months later, when the station was re-equipped with Avro Lancaster aircraft. 214 Squadron operated briefly from Downham Market during December 1943 and January 1944.
In March 1944 the station passed to No. 8 Group, with 218 Squadron leaving for RAF Woolfox Lodge, being replaced by 635 Squadron, also using Lancaster aircraft. 571 Squadron, equipped with de Havilland Mosquito aircraft, formed at Downham in April 1944, but had moved to RAF Oakington within a month.
608 Squadron re-formed at Downham in August, equipped with Canadian-built Mosquito aircraft as part of No. 8 Group's policy of having one Lancaster and one Mosquito squadron at each base.
No. 608 and 635 Squadron's operated from Downham to the end of the war, and both were disbanded in late summer of 1945. 170 aircraft either failed to return or crashed during the operations from RAF Downham Market; 109 Stirlings, 40 Lancasters and 21 Mosquitos, including Mosquito KB364 which crashed on Bawdeswell's church.
Current use.
After closure as an operational airfield in 1946, the airfield remained in a derelict state until it was finally sold in 1957. In approximately 1950 a large proportion of the "domestic" site was re-developed as a short term housing estate, renamed "Stone Cross Estate", which finally closed in 1963. The airfield remained almost intact until the construction of the Downham Market by-pass (A10) in the late 1970s when much of the runways / taxiways were used as hard core for the road project. Today the majority of the site has been returned to agriculture, with the technical site becoming an industrial estate. There is an unmanned radio relay station located in one corner of the former base. Adjacent to St. Marys Church Bexwell, and opposite the former guardroom, is a small plaque to commemorate the station's existence.
Downham Market aircraft.
Several types of aircraft have operated out of Downham Market, among these:

</doc>
<doc id="19757116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757116" title="Majhkot">
Majhkot

Majhkot is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5309 living in 1064 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757118" title="In This City (Iglu &amp; Hartly song)">
In This City (Iglu &amp; Hartly song)

"In This City" is a 2008 single by American band Iglu & Hartly. The song is taken from their first album "& Then Boom" which was released in late 2008. It charted at #5 in the United Kingdom and #9 in Ireland. It is so far their only hit, thus making them a one-hit wonder.
Release and reception.
The music magazine "NME" gave the song 8/10 and commented that it has a great chorus and "a joyful pop song". Popjustice made it their 'song of the day', saying "The band specialise in really smart synthy pop tunes with rapping in and when the choruses are this massive it's hard not to become slightly obsessed".
The song was added to the upfront section BBC Radio 1's playlist in August 2008 and the A-List in September 2008.
Chart performance.
In the United Kingdom, the song entered on the UK Singles Chart at #21 on September 14, 2008 (for the week ending date September 20, 2008) on downloads alone before reaching a peak of #5 two weeks later. In Ireland, it peaked at #9.

</doc>
<doc id="19757121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757121" title="Nayakwada">
Nayakwada

Nayakwada is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4148 living in 773 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757125" title="Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 500 metres

The 500 metres speed skating event was part of the speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme. The competition was held on Saturday, February 16, 1952 at 3 p.m..
Forty-one speed skaters from 14 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in seconds) prior to the 1952 Winter Olympics.
"(*)" The record was set in a high altitude venue (more than 1000 metres above sea level) and on naturally frozen ice.
Results.
The current world record holder Yuri Sergeev did not compete as the Soviet Union did not participate in Winter Games before 1956.
Finn Helgesen did not receive a bronze medal because he was paired up with Arne Johansen and finished behind his opponent.
Jan Charisius and Lassi Parkkinen gave up after a fall.

</doc>
<doc id="19757126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757126" title="Paink">
Paink

Paink is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3252 living in 560 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757129" title="WTA Premier tournaments">
WTA Premier tournaments

Premier Tournaments is a category of tennis tournaments in the Women's Tennis Association tour, implemented since the reorganization of the schedule in 2009.
As of 2014, Premier events include:
The ranking points awarded to the winners of these tournaments are: Premier Mandatory 1000; Premier 5 900; Premier 470; WTA Tour Championships, up to 1,500 depending on number of round-robin matches won. This compares to 2,000 points for winning a Grand Slam and 280 for winning an International tournament. This system differs from that used for the men's ATP rankings, but only slightly. The men have nine Masters events with 1,000 points for the winner (akin to WTA Premier Mandatory and Premier 5 tournaments), and the next two tiers of ATP tournaments offer 500 and 250 points for winning respectively.
Statistical information.
These tables present the number of singles WTA Premier titles won by each player and each nation since 2009. The players/nations are sorted by:
1) total number of titles;

</doc>
<doc id="19757132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757132" title="Pajaru">
Pajaru

Pajaru is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5483.

</doc>
<doc id="19757143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757143" title="RAF Narborough">
RAF Narborough

RAF Narborough was a military aerodrome in Norfolk operated in the First World War. It opened on 28 May 1915, originally as a Royal Naval Air Station for RNAS Great Yarmouth tasked with defending against Zeppelin raids. The airfield covered a site, including of buildings - making it the largest First World War airfield in Britain. These buildings included seven large hangars, seven sheds, five workshops, two coal yards, two Sergeant’s Messes, three Dope sheds and a Guardroom.
Unit history.
The airfield was transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in 1916, with the arrival of No. 35 Squadron of 7 Wing from Snarehill, operating Vickers F.B.5, Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2c and BE2e and Armstrong Whitworth FK3 aircraft. Initially the squadron trained as a Corps Reconnaissance unit, until moving to France on 25 January 1917 equipped with the Armstrong Whitworth FK8.
No. 59 Squadron was formed at Narborough on 1 August 1916, also as a Corps Reconnaissance unit, operating RE8s and possibly DH2s. This squadron moved to France on 13 February 1917.
Several other units operated from this airfield, including No. 48 Reserve, No. 50 Reserve, No. 53 Reserve Squadrons and No. 1 Training Squadron, who operated the Sopwith Camel from Narborough between 1 October 1917 and 10 October 1917. No. 83 Squadron of 7 Wing arrived from Wyton in December 1917 for training in the night bomber role. On 1 January 1918, No. 121 Squadron was formed here with Airco DH9 light bombers.
Armistice celebration.
On 11 November 1918, aircraft from nearby RAF Marham bombed Narborough with flour bags to celebrate the Armistice. RAF Narborough retaliated against Marham, sending its planes to bomb them with bags of soot.
Closure.
No. 56, 60 and 64 Squadronns of 38 Wing arrived in February 1919, from the Western Front, but brought no aircraft. No. 64 Squadron disbanded on 31 December 1919, while No. 56 and 60 Squadrons left for RAF Bircham Newton, with the station closing down and being returned to agriculture.
Almost nothing remains of this airfield today, with the last hangar being demolished in mid 1977, having been damaged by gales.

</doc>
<doc id="19757146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757146" title="Punama">
Punama

Punama is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5096 living in 890 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757150" title="Ramidanda">
Ramidanda

Ramidanda is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1699 living in 349 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757157" title="Rokayagaun">
Rokayagaun

Rokayagaun is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2364 living in 442 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757168" title="Sakala, Nepal">
Sakala, Nepal

Sakala is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4791.

</doc>
<doc id="19757182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757182" title="Klaus Enders">
Klaus Enders

Klaus Enders (born 2 May 1937 in Wetzlar, Germany) is a retired German Sidecar racer. He was six-time FIM Sidecar World Champion Enders decided to retire at the end of the 1970 season and try car racing, only to return to sidecars a year later, winning three more world titles before retiring for good at the end of 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19757189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757189" title="Richard Primus">
Richard Primus

Richard Abraham Primus (born 1969) is an American legal scholar. He currently teaches United States constitutional law at the University of Michigan Law School. In 2008, he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for his work on the relationship between history and constitutional interpretation.
Education and career.
Primus graduated from Harvard College with an A.B., "summa cum laude", in social studies. He then earned a Doctor of Philosophy in politics at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was a Rhodes Scholar and the Jowett Senior Scholar. After studying law at Yale Law School, Primus clerked for Judge Guido Calabresi on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and for United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
Primus then practiced law at the Washington, D.C. office of Jenner & Block before joining the Michigan Law School faculty in 2001. He has taught as a visiting professor at Columbia Law School, New York University School of Law, and the University of Tokyo.
Personal life and family.
He is a son of Dr. Romana Strochlitz Primus, a retired allergist and clinical immunologist, and Charles Primus, a retired professor of theology at Notre Dame and a lawyer. Primus is married to Eve Lynn Brensike, professor of criminal law also at the University of Michigan Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="19757195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757195" title="Allen Clarke (educationalist)">
Allen Clarke (educationalist)

Cyril Alfred Allen Clarke (20 August 1910 – 12 July 2007) was the founding head of Holland Park School, which was the flagship of the comprehensive education ideal. Holland Park School, of which Allen Clarke was the first headmaster, was in the 1960s the most famous of its kind in the UK. Founded in 1958, it was dubbed the "socialist Eton" and was the showcase comprehensive school of state education, which aimed to rectify the divisive damage caused by a system that had virtually typecast children as educable or not by the age of 11.
Education.
Clarke was educated at Langley School, Loddon, near Norwich, and the University of London, where he read history.
Personal life.
He married, in 1934, Edna Francis (died 1981). They had three sons. One of his sons, Robin, died in 1979.
Career.
After teacher training at Culham College of Education in Oxfordshire, he joined the London Teaching Service in 1933.
At the outbreak of war he was called up into the Royal Artillery, rising to the rank of major. When the war came to an end he was retained for another year on the staff of the education branch of the Allied Military Government of Germany. One of his tasks was the reorganization of schools in the Munich region.
He was demobilised in 1946 and returned to teaching in London. Then he became assistant master at Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School, New Cross. In 1951, he was headmaster at Isledon Secondary School, Islington, until 1955. He then spent two years as head of Battersea Secondary School before being offered the headship of Holland Park School in 1957. 
This progressive west London comprehensive school offered an education to thousands as an alternative to poorly rated secondary modern schools designed for those unable to make the 11-plus examination system for a state grammar school education.
Holland Park School was glamorous, rubbing shoulders, with the prosperous Kensington and Chelsea borough whose children tended to be privately educated, and yet also included students from the crime and race-riot-ridden Notting Hill area.
In himself, Clarke seemed an unlikely leader for such a radical experiment. He was mild-mannered and conservatively dressed in an academic gown. On one hand Holland Park School had a reputation among wary conservatives in the Swinging Sixties as a progressive hotbed of perceived dubious morals, and on the other the institution Clarke moulded was run on traditional lines. Its pupils wore a uniform, whose jacket sported the school crest, and the school was run on a house system.
Yet Clarke’s previous experience had included the headships of two London secondary moderns. That, combined with teaching in a direct grant grammar school, had shown him what equal opportunity could do when combined with the encouragement of excellence. 
He was headmaster of Holland Park School from 1957 to 1971.
Legacy.
When founding the school, Clarke set himself to plan in meticulous detail. This was done in an ambience of local hostility led by the Campden Hill Preservation Society, which had for some years lobbied against opening a modern school in such an area - its members included the future poet laureate John Betjeman.
Clarke’s attention to detail included the design of the school badge, which depicted a fox carrying a dahlia in its jaws, the former acknowledging the family name of the lords Holland on whose land the school was built, the latter referring to Lady Holland’s introduction of the bloom into England in the early years of the 19th century. More fundamental to his approach was the establishment of a library for the school.
When the school opened its doors in September 1958, the Notting Hill race riots, which had broken out in August, seemed only to underline the formidable nature of the task of healing social divisions that it had set itself. It was Clarke’s philosophy to maintain a large student population – more than 2,000. This size, he felt, would conduce to a greater variety in the backgrounds of pupils, and would enable a greater range of subjects to be taught. 
Teaching was at first rigidly streamed. This was subsequently, in the 1970s under Clarke’s successor Derek Rushworth, reversed on the theory that underachieving students would benefit from intellectual association with those of greater ability. After a more radical period under Rushworth, Holland Park reverted to more traditional teaching methods in the 1990s.
Whatever Holland Park did tended to be done in the glare of publicity. The conservative wing of the press dearly wanted to find fault with the experiment. 
But Clarke’s Holland Park could point to its impressive A-level results and university entrance. Those pupils who had been sidelined under the 11-plus system were given an educational opportunity, and sense of self-worth, undreamt of in the secondary modern system to which they would otherwise have been fated.
Decline and death.
Clarke retired in 1971 to Norfolk. He was from 1994 a governor of his old Norwich school, Langley. He died on 12 July 2007, aged 96.

</doc>
<doc id="19757218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757218" title="Queen Ethelburga's School">
Queen Ethelburga's School

Queen Ethelburga's is an independent school for girls and boys from 3 to 19 years old, offering day, weekly and full boarding places. Founded in 1912 in Harrogate it is now located in Thorpe Underwood, near Little Ouseburn. north west of York, England.
The Head Master is Steven Jandrell BA.
The School is a member of the Independent Schools Association.
History.
Queen Ethelburga’s School originally belonged to the Woodard Corporation, founded by Nathaniel Woodard. The sister senior school was Queen Margaret’s School at Escrick and the Junior School was Queen Mary’s at Baldersby Park in Thirsk.
The School foundation stone was laid on 21 October 1910 by Viscountess Mountgarret, its inscription was ‘Pro deo et ecclesia’ – For God and the Church. It was laid on the right hand side of the school door facing the building.
The school was opened on 27 September 1912 by the Duchess of Albany, with Derwent and Lyminge opened by Lord Halifax on 18 June 1932. The Chapel was given by Lord Mountgarret and dedicated to St Aiden. Its foundation stone was laid on 8 May 1911 by the Archbishop of York and its inscription is ‘Jesus himself being the chief corner stone’. In 1991 Queen Ethelburga's School left the Woodward Corporation and became truly independent, owned by an International Trust, and renamed Queen Ethelburga's College. At this time it moved from Harrogate to the present campus at Thorpe Underwood and a huge investment program was commenced.
Queen Ethelburga's College was ranked 15th by the Daily Telegraph, for A*/A A-Level Results and equivalent qualifications, in their 2013 UK Independent School League Tables. The Faculty of Queen Ethelburga's was ranked 43rd in the same League Table.
In the Daily Telegraph 2013 Top 100 Secondary Schools in the UK, including all State and all Independent Schools, Queen Ethelburga's College was ranked 44th.
Pupil numbers of Queen Ethelburga's Collegiate have risen from a total of 550 in 2007 to 1100 in 2012. In the same period £65,000,000 has been invested in new facilities and resources.
Queen Ethelburga's Collegiate comprises 4 Schools:- Chapter House Preparatory School, King's Magna Middle School, Queen Ethelburga's College and The Faculty of Queen Ethelburga's. It also has a Kindergarten for children under 3.
Traditions.
Queen Ethelburga was the daughter of King Ethelbert and Queen Bertha of Kent, (both were Christians). She married Edwin, the heathen King of Northumbria in 625AD. She took her Chaplain, Paulinus north with her and converted her husband, who was baptised by Paulinus, the first Archbishop of York, in 627AD on the site where York Minster now stands. Edwin was killed fighting for Christianity against Penda of Mercia. The people became heathen again and Queen Ethelburga and her children fled South. Queen Ethelburga founded an abbey at Lyminge, near Folkestone, where she died in 647AD. The school is named after Ethelburga because she first brought Christianity to the North and because she founded a school for maidens which was attended by St. Hilda, later Abbess of Whitby.

</doc>
<doc id="19757223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757223" title="Rameswarpur">
Rameswarpur

Rameswarpur is a village near Dhamnagar in Bhadrak district of Orissa, India. This settlement was initiated about four centuries ago during the reign of Mughal Emperor Akbar by the "Ghosh Mahashays" who migrated to permanently settle down here, having come as a part of the contingent of Todarmal during his famed survey of India.
This small village also boasts of conducting the oldest Durga Puja on record at the same venue anywhere in the world, which continues from the first of the Mahashays.Before the concept of Sarvajanin Durga Puja started, it was being conducted by princely houses and the first such Puja being conducted anywhere in the world at the same venue and continuing till date is in Orissa. It is at Rameswarpur in Bhadrak district of the state, where it was started about four centuries ago by the Mahashay family (Roy family) who migrated in from Kotarang near Howrah as a part of Todarmal's famous survey with Shri Chaitanya Dev of India during Emperor Akbar's rule.Rameswarpur is in the banks of River Genguti.
Rameswarpur holds the record of performing the oldest Durga Puja in the World.The Mahashays, who were benevolent Zamindars, gradually lost hold of the land they once owned, still continue the Puja as a part of their centuries old tradition. The family direct bloodline relates to the Luminaries like Annada Shankar Ray whose father incidentally had shifted base to Dhenkanal, also in Orissa following a family feud.The Mahashays were famous for benevolent activities.
The Village also conducts the "Raksha Kali" Puja which was initially conducted by the Mahashay family but later converted to "Sarbajanin" by handing over to the villagers as a very large number of animal sacrifices [http://www.tathya.in/story.asp?sno=1757] were started by the surrounding villagers during the Puja, which did not go well with the Roy family.The 500 years old Durga Puja of the Mahashays is still being organised by the Roy family.The family of Late Shri Trailokyonath Roy and Late Smt.Shakuntala Roy organises the Durga puja of Rameswarpur.
Amit Roy
Avik Roy
Saurav Roy
Suvranshu Roy
The Village has a healthy mix of population of all castes and is generally peaceful.

</doc>
<doc id="19757229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757229" title="Høvikodden">
Høvikodden

Høvikodden is a headland in Bærum municipality, Norway, located by the Oslofjord near the populated area Høvik, from whence its name was taken.
It is the site of the well-known Henie-Onstad Art Centre. A small beach is located nearby.
Further east are the headquarters of the classification company Det Norske Veritas.

</doc>
<doc id="19757242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757242" title="SM Lifestyle Center">
SM Lifestyle Center

SM Lifestyle Center is the second shopping mall in Xiamen, China after SM City Xiamen and it is also the 4th China mall expansion of SM Prime Holdings in the whole country with 216,000 m2 retail space. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, under the management of Henry Sy, a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19757259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757259" title="Hypot">
Hypot

Hypot is a mathematical function defined to calculate the length of the hypotenuse of a right-angle triangle. It was designed to avoid errors arising due to limited-precision calculations performed on computers.
Motivation and usage.
Calculating the length of the hypotenuse of a triangle is possible using the square root function on the sum of two squares, but hypot("x", "y") avoids problems that occur when squaring very large or very small numbers.
The magnitude of the hypotenuse from (0, 0) to ("x", "y") can be calculated using:
This operation is also known as Pythagorean addition.
However the squares of very large or small values of "x" and "y" may exceed the range of machine precision when calculated on a computer, leading to an inaccurate result caused by arithmetic underflow and/or arithmetic overflow. The hypot function was designed to calculate the result without causing this problem.
The hypot function is often used together with the atan2 function to convert from Cartesian coordinates to polar coordinates:
Implementation.
The difficulty with the naive implementation is that "x"2 or "y"2 may overflow or underflow, unless the intermediate result is computed with extended precision. A common implementation technique is to exchange the values, if necessary, so that |"x"| > |"y"|, and then use the equivalent form:
The computation of "y"/"x" cannot overflow. If "y"/"x" underflows, the final result is equal to |"x"|, which is correct within the precision of the calculation. The square root is computed of a value between 1 and 2. Finally, the multiplication by |"x"| cannot underflow, and overflows only when the result is too large to represent.
Pseudocode:
Programming language support.
The function is present in several programming languages:

</doc>
<doc id="19757281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757281" title="Whitsunday Airport">
Whitsunday Airport

Whitsunday Airport is an airport located near Shute Harbour in Airlie Beach, Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19757287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757287" title="In This City">
In This City

In This City may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757292" title="IHP Airpistol 0.177">
IHP Airpistol 0.177

The IHP Airpistol 0.177 (also known as IHP Scout) is a single shot .177 calibre break barrel, spring-piston air pistol. It is manufactured by National rifles division of the Indian Hume Pipe Co. Ltd of Ahmedabad, India. This gun has open micro adjustable sights with globe sight on the front. It has an adjustable trigger and a rifled barrel although not designed for high-precision shooting. The Pistol grip is wooden and heavy but not ergonomic. The gun can not be dry-fired without charging.

</doc>
<doc id="19757302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757302" title="Linnvale">
Linnvale

Linnvale is a housing estate in Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, Scotland. The area was destroyed by German bombing in the 1941 Clydebank Blitz, during the Second World War. The area was rebuilt in the late 1940s, using the names of various members of the Labour government of the time to name streets. 
Streets.
The longest of the streets is Kirkwood Avenue, which forms an oval around Attlee Avenue, Dalton Avenue, McNeil Avenue and Bevin Avenue. Livingstone Street which is the only road leading into the estate, making the estate one big dead end.
Facilities and amenities.
Linnvale has one non-denominational primary school, Linnvale Primary. This also runs a nursery service. Linnvale Parish Church of Scotland was opened under the Church of Scotland's church extension scheme of the 1950s.
During the 1980s, Linnvale was one of the areas included in the East End Initiative, and a support team helped to set up groups and clubs and to enable them to become self-sufficient. One of the success stories was the Double L Club for local youngsters. Linnvale Clydebank football team is a member of the Scottish Supporters Amateur Football League, and in 2004 plays in Division 1. Linnvale is also within walking distance from the Clyde Shopping Centre and the Playdrome Leisure Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="19757335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757335" title="WADV">
WADV

WADV (940 AM) is a radio station licensed to Lebanon, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves the Lancaster area. The station is currently owned by Wadv Radio, Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19757379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757379" title="Whatever (Jennifer Batten album)">
Whatever (Jennifer Batten album)

Whatever is the third studio album by guitarist Jennifer Batten, released on September 10, 2007 through Wood Bell Records (Japan) and on April 18, 2008 through Lion Music (Europe). Included with the album is a DVD containing a selection of instructional footage and music videos by Batten, as well as music videos by guest videographers/editors.

</doc>
<doc id="19757392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757392" title="Riverdale Academy (Louisiana)">
Riverdale Academy (Louisiana)

Principal = Jamie Lawrence
Riverdale Academy is a private school in East Point, Louisiana, United States. Located outside Coushatta, Riverdale is the only private K-12 school in Red River Parish.
The school opened in the fall of 1970, when school desegregation was completed throughout the American South. Its mascot is the "Rebel."

</doc>
<doc id="19757398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757398" title="Russian National Corpus">
Russian National Corpus

The Russian National Corpus (English official name; the Russian name is Национальный корпус русского языка, lit. the National Corpus of the Russian language, but as the official English variant the Russian National Corpus is used) is a corpus of the Russian language that has been partially accessible through a query interface online since April 29, 2004. It is being created by the Institute of Russian language, Russian Academy of Sciences.
It currently contains about 350 million word forms that are automatically lemmatized and POS-/grammeme-tagged, i. e. all the possible morphological analyses for each orthographic form are ascribed to it. Lemmata, POS, grammatical items and their combinations are searchable. Additionally, 6 million word forms are in the subcorpus with manually resolved homonymy. 
The subcorpus with resolved morphological homonymy is also automatically accentuated. The whole corpus has a searchable tagging concerning lexical semantics (LS), including morphosemantic POS subclasses (proper noun, reflexive pronoun etc.), LS characteristics proper (thematic class, causativity, evaluation), derivation (diminutive, adverb formed from adjective etc.).
The RNC includes also the following subcorpora:
All the texts have tags bearing metatextual information - the author, his/her birth date, creation date, text size, text genres (general fiction, detective story, newspaper article etc.); all these categories are browsable and searchable separately. It is possible to define a user's subcorpus to search lemmata/POS-grammeme/semantic tags combinations only within this subset.

</doc>
<doc id="19757399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757399" title="2008–09 Turkish Cup">
2008–09 Turkish Cup

Turkish Cup 2008–09 () was the 47th season of Turkey's annual cup competition. It was also known as "Fortis Türkiye Kupası" due to a sponsorship contract. The winners (Beşiktaş) qualified for the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League. Kayserispor were the defending champions. Beşiktaş won the cup, after winning 4–2 against Fenerbahçe in the final match, and completed the double as they also were the champions of 2008–09 Süper Lig.
First round.
The draw for the First Round was conducted at the headquarters of the TFF in İstanbul on 22 August 2008. The games were played on 3 and 4 September 2008.
Second round.
The draw for the Second Round was conducted at the headquarters of the TFF in İstanbul on 12 September 2008. The games were played on 24 and 25 September 2008.
Group stage.
The group stage consisted of four groups with five teams each. The four teams that finished first through fourth in Süper Lig 2007-08 were seeded as group heads: Galatasaray, Fenerbahçe, Beşiktaş and Sivasspor. The sixteen teams qualified through the first two rounds of elimination matches were randomly drawn into one of the four groups.
Every team played every other team of its group once, either home or away. The winners and runners-up of each group qualified for the quarterfinals. The games were played from 29 October 2008 to 18 January 2009.
Quarterfinals.
In this round entered winners and runners-up of all of the previous round's groups. The draw was conducted at the headquarters of the TFF in İstanbul on 19 January 2009. The first legs were played on 27 and 28 January 2009. The second legs were played on 3, 4 and 5 February 2009.
Semifinals.
The draw was conducted at the headquarters of the TFF in İstanbul on 18 February 2009. The first legs were played on 3 and 4 March 2009. The second legs were played on 21 and 22 April 2009.
Final.
"Main Article:" 2009 Turkish Cup Final

</doc>
<doc id="19757517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757517" title="Salma, Nepal">
Salma, Nepal

Salma is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4575 people living in 834 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757522" title="Meintjieskop">
Meintjieskop

Meintjieskop is a hill in Pretoria on which the Union Buildings (die Uniegebou(e) in Afrikaans) were constructed.
Marthinus Wessel Pretorius, later to become first president of the Transvaal Republic, was the original owner of the farm 'Elandsfontein' on which Meintjieskop stands. In 1856 Andries Francois du Toit (1813–1883), in exchange for a Basuto pony, acquired part of the farm, which he named Arcadia. He was also Pretoria’s first magistrate and was responsible for planning the layout of the city. During this period he sold his land for £1200 to Stephanus Jacobus Meintjies (1819–1887), and by 1870 it bore the name Meintjieskop.
Meintjieskop is part of the Witwatersberg Ridge, which runs east-west through Pretoria. Geologically it forms part of the Pretoria Group of the Transvaal sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="19757526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757526" title="Sima, Nepal">
Sima, Nepal

Sima is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3922 people living in 676 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757534" title="Suwanauli">
Suwanauli

Suwanauli is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2313 people living in 455 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757538" title="Robert Hedges">
Robert Hedges

Robert Hedges may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757540" title="Talegaun">
Talegaun

Talegaun is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2608.

</doc>
<doc id="19757545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757545" title="Thala Raikar">
Thala Raikar

Thala Raikar is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3580 people living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757563" title="Ragda, Nepal">
Ragda, Nepal

Ragda is a village development committee in Jajarkot District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2902 people living in 522 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757575" title="Wellington Inner City Bypass">
Wellington Inner City Bypass

The Wellington Inner City Bypass is a westbound one-way road varying from two to four lanes largely at ground level in central Wellington, New Zealand, part of State Highway 1, and was opened in March 2007.
The bypass extends north-west from the Basin Reserve through the Te Aro area of inner Wellington along Karo Drive to the Terrace Tunnel where it joins onto the Wellington Urban Motorway. Originally planned as a trenched motorway with overbridges, it was subsequently designed as a ground-level road with traffic lights. This has resulted in complaints from pedestrian and cyclist traffic about crossing the bypass. Other objections related to the need to shift or demolish heritage buildings. 
External links.
<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="19757585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757585" title="Euxanthe">
Euxanthe

Euxanthe is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae.
Species.
There are six species all found in Afrotropical forests. The popular name is Forest Queen.

</doc>
<doc id="19757591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757591" title="10th century in Ireland">
10th century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19757608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757608" title="John Derrick">
John Derrick

John Derrick (born c.1538, probably at Guildford, Surrey; date of death unknown) was a Queen's Coroner for the county of Surrey who, in 1597, made a legal deposition that contains the earliest definite reference to cricket being played anywhere in the world. 
Deposition re cricket.
Derrick's deposition is preserved in the "Constitution Book" of Guildford. On Monday, 17 January 1597 (Julian date and thus 1598 by modern reckoning), he bore written testimony as to a parcel of land in the parish of Holy Trinity in Guildford which, originally waste, had been appropriated and enclosed by one John Parvish to serve as a timber yard. This land, said Derrick, he had known for fifty years past and: 
"Being a scholler in the ffree schoole of Guldeford" (founded 1509), "hee and diverse of his fellows did runne and play there at creckett and other plaies".
John Derrick was then aged 59 and his testimony confirms that cricket was being played by children in Surrey c.1550 and it is perhaps significant that cricket is the only one of the "plaies" referred to by name. Derrick was a coroner and so it must be assumed his deposition was accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="19757611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757611" title="Gumi">
Gumi

Gumi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757620" title="Jedd Novatt">
Jedd Novatt

Jedd Novatt (born 1958) is an American sculptor who creates dynamic, non-representational compositions of geometric forms. He is best known for his 'Chaos' series (pictured below) of works in either welded steel or bronze.
Life and work.
Born in Brooklyn, New York, Novatt studied literature and sculpture at Sarah Lawrence College before moving to France to study sculpture at the Lacoste School of the Arts (now operated by Savannah College of Art & Design). 
Novatt lived and worked in Manhattan until 2002, where he was recognized for his welded and painted steel sculptures and bold, black-and-white collages. He currently resides in Paris France and divides his time among studios in Normandy, New York and the Basque region in Spain.
Novatt’s first solo show was in 1993 at the Tibor de Nagy Gallery. Since then, his works have been exhibited extensively in galleries and museums in the United States and Europe. Novatt’s works are held in numerous public and private collections worldwide.
Novatt's primary motif, “Chaos”, involves constructions of cube-like forms. Whether the works are created in steel or bronze, the configuration of elements "seems to teeter as if on the point of collapse.” One critic noted: “Novatt searches to capture an instant of equilibrium in unstable and fragile situations, similar to our existential condition, but also to the particular moment that we are living.” 
Novatt's most recent work is a series of monumental sculpture entitled "Chaos Vascos" (pictured). The first in the series was part of a solo exhibition at La Piscine, Musée d'Art et d'Industrie de Roubaix in France where it remains on permanent exhibition at the museum's entrance. Chaos Vascos II was selected for the Beyond Limits 2008 Sotheby's exhibition at Chatsworth House in Derbyshire, England.
2009 sees the unveiling of "Chaos Mundaka" (pictured), the third in the series of Novatt's series of monumental works. Chaos Mundaka I, was exhibited at Alfa Arte in Spain before being permanently installed in front of the Savannah College of Art and Design, Atlanta Georgia, in October 2009. Chaos Mundaka II, will form part of Sotheby's 2009 edition of Beyond Limits at Chatsworth House.
In 2011, an American benefactor donated "Chaos Pamplona" to the Town of Yountville located in Napa Valley, California. This monumental work was installed on July 11, 2011. The official dedication ceremony will take place at 10am on July 16, 2011 with both the benefactor and artist in attendance.
In 2012 the city of Bilbao, Spain installed Chaos Nervion by Jedd Novatt in the Campa de los Ingleses surrounded by the Guggenheim Museum, Raphael Moneo Library and the Cesar Pelli tower. The work was unveiled on July 27 with the Mayor of Bilbao in attendance. 

</doc>
<doc id="19757628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757628" title="Lekhgaun">
Lekhgaun

Lekhgaun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757636" title="Chrissie">
Chrissie

Chrissie is a feminine given name that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757640" title="Power processing unit">
Power processing unit

Power processing units (PPUs) are circuit devices that convert an electricity input from a utility line into the appropriate voltage and current to be used for the device in question. They serve the same purpose as linear amplifiers, but they are much more efficient, since the use of linear amplifiers results in much power loss due to the use of a resistor to change the voltage and current. Instead of using a resistor, PPUs use switches to turn a signal on and off quite rapidly in order to change the average current and voltage. In this way, they could be conflated with dc-ac converters, but the frequency at which they switch the signal on and off is a few orders of magnitude higher than that of ac signals. They are used to convert the current and voltage of both dc and ac signals.
Spacecraft
In the context of spacecraft, the power processing unit (PPU) is a module containing the electrical subsystem responsible for providing electrical power to other parts of the spacecraft. The PPU needs to be able to cope with varying demands for power output and provide that power in the most efficient manner possible.
There are two main constrains placed on PPU:
Major considerations in building PPUs are weight, size and efficiency.
Most PPUs process and supply direct current because that is what is generated by a solar array.
The PPU is also responsible for voltage conversion and supplying the required voltage to other subsystems of the spacecraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19757641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757641" title="William Usmar">
William Usmar

William Usmar (October 4, 1812 — May 12, 1879) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born and died in West Malling.
Usmar made a single first-class appearance in 1841, against Sussex. As an upper-middle order batsman, he was bowled out by William Lillywhite in the first innings in which he batted, and finished not out for 0 in his second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19757642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757642" title="Cyril Onslow">
Cyril Onslow

Cyril Onslow (17 December 1815 — 24 July 1866) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. He was born in Newington and died in Tunbridge Wells.
Onslow made a single first-class appearance in 1841, against England. As a tailend batsman, he finished not out in the only innings in which he batted, with Kent running out innings victors in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19757643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757643" title="Bruce Darvell">
Bruce Darvell

Bruce Darvell (born April 29, 1931) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Kent. He was born in Chipperfield.
Having represented the Second XI team since 1949 in the Minor Counties Championship, Darvell made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Oxford University in 1952. Batting in the lower order, Darvell made 5 in the only innings in which he batted. Darvell also took one catch.
Darvell made bowling figures of 0–2 in the only over in which he bowled during the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19757644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757644" title="Markham municipal election, 2006">
Markham municipal election, 2006

The 2006 Markham municipal election was held in Markham, Ontario on November 13, 2006. The election was held as required by law for municipalities in the Province of Ontario. Markham has a dual-tier government system where constituents elect ward councillors to town council and regional councillors to regional council and a mayor elected to both town council and regional council.
Election.
The election was held to elect a mayor, 3 regional councillors, 8 ward councillors and 8 school board trustees. The election was held in conjugation with other municipal elections across Ontario on this date.
There were 4 candidates running for mayor, 9 candidates running for regional council, 41 candidates running for ward council and 19 candidates running for various school boards. The election saw a turnout of 58,409 constituents out of the total 261,573 constituents living Markham, thus, a 22.33% turnout rate.
Results.
Mayor.
Notes: Orrico was charged with threatening Scarpitti by York Regional Police in relation with this election.
Regional Council.
Notes: 4 councillors and the mayor, representing Markham, were elected into regional council.

</doc>
<doc id="19757654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757654" title="Neta, Nepal">
Neta, Nepal

Neta, Nepal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757663" title="Ranibas">
Ranibas

Ranibas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757677" title="Iodine fluoride">
Iodine fluoride

Iodine fluoride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19757681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757681" title="Rocky Gully, Western Australia">
Rocky Gully, Western Australia

Rocky Gully is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
The town is located along the Muirs Highway, about from the Kent River.
A site was selected for a town when land in the area was sub-divided in the 1930s. By 1951 a small community was established as part of the War Service land settlement scheme and the townsite was gazetted.

</doc>
<doc id="19757699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757699" title="Local Void">
Local Void

The Local Void is a vast, empty region of space, lying adjacent to our own Local Group. Discovered by Brent Tully and Rick Fisher in 1987, the Local Void is now known to be composed of three separate sectors, separated by bridges of "wispy filaments". The precise extent of the void is unknown, but it is at least 150 million light years across and may have a long dimension of up to 70 Mpc (230 million light years). The Local Void also appears to have significantly fewer galaxies than expected from standard cosmology.
Location and dimensions.
Voids are the result of the way gravity causes matter in the universe to "clump together", herding galaxies into clusters and chains, which are separated by regions mostly devoid of galaxies.
Astronomers have previously noticed that the Milky Way sits in a large, flat array of galaxies called the Local Sheet, which bounds the Local Void.
The Local Void extends approximately , beginning at the edge of the Local Group. It is believed that the distance from Earth to the centre of the Local Void must be at least .
The size of the Void was calculated due to an isolated dwarf galaxy located inside it. The bigger and emptier the void, the weaker its gravity, and the faster the dwarf should be fleeing the void towards concentrations of matter. Dark energy has been suggested as an alternative explanation for the speedy expulsion of the dwarf galaxy. 
An earlier "Hubble Bubble" model, based on measured velocities of Type 1a supernovae, proposed a relative void centred on the Milky Way. Recent analysis of that data, however, suggested that interstellar dust had resulted in misleading measurements.
Effect on surrounds.
Scientists believe that the Void is growing and the Local Sheet, which makes up one wall of the void, is rushing away from the void's centre at 260 kilometres per second. Concentrations of matter normally pull together, creating a larger void where matter is rushing away. The Local Void is surrounded uniformly by matter in all directions, except for one sector in which there is nothing, which has the effect of taking more matter away from that sector. The effect on the nearby galaxy is astonishingly large. The Milky Way's velocity away from the Local Void is .

</doc>
<doc id="19757701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757701" title="Paul Redford">
Paul Redford

Paul Redford is an American television writer and producer.
Redford was a story editor and writer for Aaron Sorkin's "Sports Night". He also worked on Sorkin's next series "The West Wing". Redford joined the crew in the first season as a story editor and regular writer. Redford and his co-writers (Sorkin and Lawrence O'Donnell) won a Humanitas Prize in the 60 minute category in 2000 for their episode "Take this Sabbath Day". The episode was also nominated for a WGA Award for best episodic drama.
Redford was promoted to co-producer for the second season and continued to write episodes. Redford and Sorkin were again nominated for a WGA Award for best episodic drama for their work on the second season episode "Somebody's Going to Emergency, Somebody's Going to Jail". Part way through the third season Redford was promoted again to producer. He returned as a producer and writer for the fourth season. Redford was nominated a third time for the WGA Award for best episodic drama for his work on the fourth season episode "Game On", which was once again co-written with Sorkin.
He was promoted again in the fourth season to supervising producer. Redford and his fellow producers won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series in 2003 for their work on "The West Wing" season four. Redford returned as a supervising producer for the fifth season. The production team were nominated for the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series in 2004 for their work on the fifth season.
He went on to work as a co-executive producer for "LAX" and "The Unit". He was an executive producer for short-lived Fox drama "Vanished". He was hired by his "West Wing" and "Sports Night" colleague Kevin Falls as a consulting producer on Falls' series "Journeyman".
In 2008 he joined the crew of "Dirty Sexy Money" as a writer and co-executive producer. He co-wrote the episode "The Injured Party" (with Sallie Patrick) and wrote the episode "The Unexpected Arrival". The show was canceled after the second season. In 2010 Redford wrote the "Big Love" fourth season episode "The Greater Good" and was the co-executive producer for two episodes of that series.

</doc>
<doc id="19757725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757725" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 26 competitors first raced in four heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining competitors competed in the repechages.
Repechages.
Three repechages were held. The top three finishers in each repechage and the fastest fourth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
The official report had Park qualifying for the semifinals as the fastest fourth-place finisher when it was actually García. Lindén's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers from each of the two semifinals along with the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 8. 
Robinson stayed closed to Holmann throughout the race, then surged ahead at the end. For the first time in Robinson's life, his body went numb from pushing himself so hard. It took Robinson six hours to produce a urine sample for doping control to him being so dehydrated after the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19757739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757739" title="Meri Te Tai Mangakahia">
Meri Te Tai Mangakahia

Meri Te Tai Mangakahia (22 May 1868 – 10 October 1920) was a campaigner for women's suffrage in New Zealand.
Biography.
Mangakahia was born in Lower Waihou near Panguru in the Hokianga valley. A member of the Te Rarawa iwi, she was the daughter of Re Te Tai, an influential chief, and was educated at St Mary's Convent in Auckland.
Mangakahia was the wife of Hamiora Mangakahia, who, in 1892, was elected Premier of the Kotahitanga Parliament in Hawke's Bay. The following year, Meri Mangakahia addressed the assembly (the first woman to do so), submitting a motion in favour of women being allowed to vote for, and stand as, members of the Parliament. She noted that Māori women were landowners, and should not be barred from political representation.
She later joined the women’s committee of the Kotahitanga movement, remaining involved in Māori politics and welfare movements.
She died of influenza at Panguru on 10 October 1920 according to family members. She had 4 children.

</doc>
<doc id="19757771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757771" title="Bubbling Troubles">
Bubbling Troubles

Bubbling Troubles is an American 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 187th "Our Gang" short (188th episode, 99th talking short, 100th talking episode, and 19th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Butch wins the heart of Darla, leaving heartbroken Alfalfa to cry in his alphabet soup. Mistaking the boy's doldrums for indigestion, Alfalfa's dad prepares to give his son a good dose of "Settles-It" Powder. Later on, the kids pay a visit to Butch's jerry-built chemistry lab, where the young troublemaker is mixing up what he claims is an explosive. Recognizing the mixture as Settles-It Powder, the crafty Alfalfa offers himself as Butch's guinea pig, "bravely" downing the concoction in hopes of impressing Darla. Alas, the powders haven't been properly combined, and before long Alfalfa becomes drastically bloated and the rest of the gang is convinced that he has become a walking bomb.
Notes.
Tommy Bond made his final appearance with Our Gang in this film, after spending two & a half years as "Butch", a recurring character, the Gang's ongoing nemesis. He also was in the Gang as a recurring character from 1932 to 1934, giving him a total of 5 years. This film was made in November 1939 but was not released until 25 May 1940. Several films were made and released in the intervening time. This film was considered by critics to be an average one. But the series was declining steadily as the well-known actors departed.

</doc>
<doc id="19757779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757779" title="Leighton Glynn">
Leighton Glynn

Leighton Glynn is a Gaelic football and hurling player from County Wicklow in Ireland. He was born and raised in Rathnew, County Wicklow. He has represented the Wicklow senior GAA teams in both football and hurling. At club level, he plays hurling for Glenealy and football for Rathnew.
Playing career.
Club
In December 2001, Leighton won a Leinster Senior Club Championship with Rathnew when they defeated a Na Fianna team that included Kieran McGeeney and Jason Sherlock after extra time in a replay. The first match which ended in a draw saw Leighton spring from the bench with Rathnew behind to score a point before Mark Doyle levelled to set up a replay. In the replay Leighton was named as corner back alongside current Wicklow full back Damian Power as Rathnew made history in capturing the title for the first time in their history in a score of 2-16 to 1-10 after extra time. He added other county titles in 2002, 2003, 2005, 2009, 2010. He has also won Wicklow Senior Hurling Championships 7 times in 2003, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011 and 2012 with Glenealy.
Hurling
He was part of the Wicklow team that won the All Ireland B Championship in 2003 when they over came Roscommon in the final.
Glynn was a member of the Wicklow squad which reached the National Hurling League Division Two final in 2007. In 2011 after a number of years away from intercounty hurling he rejoined the team and helped them to win a National Hurling League Div 3A title. Later he helped them reach a first Christy Ring Cup final but Kerry proved too strong on the day running out 2-21 to 2-09 winners. He was captain of the county team in 2006.
Football
Glynn first came on the intercounty scene in the mid-2000s. He won a Tommy Murphy Cup with Wicklow footballers under new manager Mick O'Dwyer. He played an instrumental role in the final, scoring 1-4 against Antrim. Leighton was also named as GPA Tommy Murphy Cup player of the year 2007 In 2008, Wicklow defeated Kildare in the Leinster Senior Football Championship and reached the Lenister quarter-final, where they lost narrowly to Laois. Leighton again, was a major influence in these games and picked up the Vodafone Player of the Month award as a result. In the Tommy Murphy Cup, Wicklow reached the final again, but were defeated by Antrim. Glynn was selected in the Ireland squad for the 2008 International Rules Series. As a result of this, Glynn also picked up Wicklow Senior Footballer of the Year for 2008. 
Leighton was named as Wicklow's senior football captain for 2009 and 2010. 2009 can be considered as one of Wicklow's most successful years. For the first time in their history, Wicklow played 6 Championship matches. In these 6 matches they defeated Longford in Leinster and they bet Fermanagh, Cavan and Down in the Qualifiers. Against Down, Leighton gave an inspirational performance and scored 1-3 from play. He was also given man of the match against Fermanagh where he gave a workman like performance to see Wicklow through to play Cavan. [http://www.independent.ie/sport/gaelic-football/the-game-at-a-glance-1807310.html Leighton's run with Wicklow eneded against a strong Kildare team who advanced to the 1/4 finals to play Tyrone. [http://www.ticketmaster.ie/artist/1003160?tm_link=edp_Artist_Name]
In September 2009 Leighton was nominated for a GAA All Star Award, along with Arklow Geraldines Ballymoney's star corner back Ciarán Hyland.
In 2012 he was captain of the Wicklow side that won the Div 4 National Football Lagaue title in Croke Park.
Honours.
County.
Football
Hurling

</doc>
<doc id="19757809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757809" title="Shinminato Line">
Shinminato Line


</doc>
<doc id="19757825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757825" title="Central High School (Cape Girardeau, Missouri)">
Central High School (Cape Girardeau, Missouri)

Central High School is a public high school located in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, USA.
Campus.
Central High moved from its old building (now Central Junior High School) to the newly constructed one in 2002. The campus has a variety of athletic facilities on-site, including tennis court, a full track, baseball and softball fields, and soccer fields. There is a brand new 5000 seat stadium that was recently added and a new performing arts building is underway. The main building is divided into two wings, one of which houses the dozens of academic classrooms on two levels; and the other is an athletic/music wing with two gymnasiums, a weight room, wrestling room, and a band/orchestra practice room. One of the eight main academic hallways is dedicated to special and gifted education. A full library is centrally located, indoor courtyard-style, in the academic wing of the building.
Academics.
Central operates on a daily schedule based around eight class periods. School starts at 7:35 AM and ends at 2:40 PM. 
Up until 2006, students had to complete a minimum of 23 Carnegie units to graduate from Central; but, beginning with the freshman class of 2006-2007 the minimum was raised to 24.
The current minimum requirements for graduation include: four units of communication arts, three units of mathematics, and three units of science, including conceptual physics during grade nine and biology during grade eleven. Three units of social studies courses are required; including one unit of world history, one unit of American history, and one half-unit each of national and state government. Two units of physical education are required, with one unit of ninth grade PE and one-half unit of tenth grade PE. An additional half-unit PE elective is required during the eleventh or twelfth grade. One half-unit of health during the tenth grade year is mandatory. One half-unit of consumer education, finance management, or business law is required during senior year. One unit each of fine arts and practical arts along with six units of other electives bring the total to twenty-four units.
The school offers a wide variety of subjects, especially for upperclassmen, as well as full-time special and gifted education.
Academic honors.
Cape Central High School was recognized in May 2007 by ACT as one of 382 schools in America (one of eight in Missouri) for academic rigor in mathematics and science.

</doc>
<doc id="19757828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757828" title="Leo Wisniewski">
Leo Wisniewski

Leo Joseph Wisniewski (born November 6, 1959) is a former American football nose tackle who played professionally in the National Football League.
Early years.
After going to high school at Fox Chapel Area High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Wisniewski attended Pennsylvania State University where he played nose tackle. Over his four years at Penn State he recorded 102 tackles and 11 QB sacks. 
Leo has been a high school assistant coach in the Pittsburgh PA area for several years, coaching son Stefan at Pittsburgh Central Catholic before his departure for Penn State. In 2013, Leo was a member of the Canon-McMillah High School coaching staff, assisting former Penn State teammate Ron Coder, in his first year as a high school head coach
Professional career.
Wisniewski was drafted in the second round (28th overall pick) in the 1982 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts. In 1982, Wisniewski spent the first two games of the strike shortened season on injured reserve, but started at nose tackle the final seven. He was credited with 52 total tackles (32 solo) and 2.5 QB sacks. In 1983, Wisniewski played in 15 games (started 14) and scored 95 total tackles (50 solo) and 5.0 QB sacks. He missed the game against the Chicago Bears (September 25, 1983) with a strained knee. In 1984, his final year, Wisniewski started in 14 of the 16 games, but missed the final two games on the injured reserve with a knee injury. He scored 88 total tackles (51 solo) and 7.0 QB sacks.
Personal.
Leo's brother Steve Wisniewski was a two-time All-American at Penn State as an offensive lineman, and an 8-time Pro Bowler with the Oakland Raiders. Leo's son Stefen is currently the Raiders' starting left guard.

</doc>
<doc id="19757862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757862" title="Anoa (armoured personnel carrier)">
Anoa (armoured personnel carrier)

The Anoa is a 6x6 armoured personnel carrier developed by PT Pindad of Indonesia. The vehicle is named after the Anoa, which is a type of buffalo indigenous to Indonesia. The prototype was first unveiled at the 61st anniversary of TNI on October 5, 2006 in TNI HQ at Cilangkap, east of capital Jakarta. This has some external resemble to the French VAB, which is also in service with Indonesia.
History.
The Anoa had been officially unveiled to the public under the designation "APS-3" (, ) at the Indo Defence & Aerospace 2008 exhibition on November 19, 2008 to November 22, 2008 after being shown in a TNI parade on October 5, 2008. On August 30, 2008, 10 APS-3s have been produced with the plan of having 150 vehicles to be produced for the Indonesian Army in time for their first deployment in 2009.
20 of the Pansers were handed over to the Indonesian government through the Defense Ministry, part of a deal from the initial 150 vehicles to 40 due to the economic crisis. 40 Pansers were delivered as part of PT Pindad's commitment to the total delivery of 154 Pansers. 33 Pansers were eventually submitted to the Ministry of Defence on January 13, 2010. Pindad had received loans from state-owned Bank Mandiri, Bank BNI 46 and Bank BRI as part of payments for the manufacture of the "Pansers".
The Anoas were officially placed into Indonesian military service on July 2009. They were publicly seen in service with the Mechanical TNI Battalion Task Force Garuda Contingent in Lebanon.
The Anoa made its first appearance overseas when it was publicly display in BRIDEX 2011 in Brunei. It was also displayed at DSA 2012 in Malaysia where a planned Malaysian-only marketed Anoa called the "Rimau" was unveiled to the public.
Development.
The development history of the Pindad "Panser" was started in 2003 as a result of increased military intervention in the Aceh province. During the conflict, the Indonesian Army put forward urgent requirements for an armored personnel carrier for the transport of troops.
Pindad responded to this requirement in 2004, with the APR-1V ("Angkut Personel Ringan") a 4x4 armored vehicle based on a commercial Izuzu truck chassis. 14 vehicles were built by Pindad and were sent to Aceh for evaluation and combat trials. However, the follow-on orders for another 26 vehicles were canceled following the 2004 tsunami.
Pindad continued the APC development program with assistance from the Agency For Assessment and Application of Technology or BPPT in 2005. The next prototype was the APS-1 ("Angkut Personel Sedang"), a 6x6 design that was again based on a commercial Perkasa truck platform by PT Texmaco. Although it was not selected for production, the experience gained in developing the APS-1 convinced the Indonesian Army to give the go-ahead by Pindad to develop the next generation of "Panser" vehicles, the APS-2 at a production cost of US$600,000 each.
Design.
The APS-3 differed from its predecessors which had been based on commercial truck platforms. Instead, the "Anoa" used a monocoque hull design consisting of armor steel. The steel was made by PT. Krakatau Steel to NATO standards to STANAG Level III standard in withstanding 5.56 and 7.62 mm bullets. A new torsion bar suspension system was also developed for the "Panser". Currently, the engine and transmission are imported from Renault with a Renault MIDR 062045 six-cylinder turbo-charged diesel engine being used. Indigenous options are being developed as replacements. Gears consist of six forward and one reverse.
The driver sits on the right of the vehicle while the vehicle commander sits on the left. Communications equipment include VHF / FM (anti-jamming and hopping) and GPS with night vision equipment included. Emergency exits are present on both sides of the Anoa, as well as a mounted video camera at the rear of the vehicle.
Anoa-2.
The Anoa-2 was officially revealed to the public in Indodefence 2010. It is equipped with optional waterjet propellers for the ability to swim in shallow water, probably from LST/LCAC. Its also equipped with an optional RWS machine gun of unknown caliber, possibly 7.62 mm.
Visual external differences from the first generation of the Anoa include a change to rounded roof cupolas and the relocation of the smoke grenade launchers from the sides of the vehicle to directly above the driver and passenger positions. The RWS is controlled remotely from inside the Anoa via joystick. Bulletproof shutters can be opened and closed from inside the vehicle when needed as an option, which is an advantage over previously made Anoas that required one to open and close them from the outside.
Armament.
The baseline vehicle is fitted with a cupola on the left of the vehicle and armed with a 12.7mm (.50 cal) heavy machine gun or a 40 mm automatic grenade launcher. A fire-support version using a CMI Defence's CSE-90 turret with the Cockerill 90 mm Mk III was unveiled at Indo Defence & Aerospace 2008, which was announced that the APS-3 fire-support version would be deployed into the Indonesian Army by 2010.
In Indodefence 2010, the Anoa 2 was shown to the public with a RWS installed.
Variants.
The following variants are produced by Pindad:

</doc>
<doc id="19757874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757874" title="Isense">
Isense

iSense is an online semantic advertising technology which applies the principles of semantics to online advertising. 
iSense was developed by Crystal Semantics Ltd. in London with research and development facilities in Copenhagen & Holyhead. The company was founded in 2001 by Ian Saunders and Professor David Crystal O.B.E, a world authority on language and the author of over 150 books on the subject of linguistics. It maintains a research center that focuses on semantic technology, web content classification and the development of new capabilities in the fields of advertiser brand protection, page sentiment analysis and content monetization. 
The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of ad pepper media International N.V., a publicly quoted international online advertising marketer with 16 offices in eight European countries and the USA.
Process.
iSense operates by allowing advertisers to select the theme of the content upon which their campaign should be displayed. Each language is broken down into some 3,500 knowledge categories from which those categories are chosen that fit best to the advertising campaign in question. This process can be optimized during the ongoing campaign to be able to focus the campaign on the best performing categories. 
iSense is automatically analysing the visual text of every web page to find out, what the content of the web page is about and in what context this occurs. This process takes a few milliseconds before a result is obtained. This result is then passed back to the client to determine if the context matches that of the ad campaign and the decision is taken by the ad server if the ad(s) should be delivered.
The semantic technology of iSense contains two services for the advertisers: 
Development.
iSense is a patented technology and leverages a 10 year language project. It is the brainchild of Professor David Crystal and a team of 40 linguists and lexicographers. iSense is based upon a core ontology where Professor Crystal’s team have systematically assigned the semantic relationships between words and contexts in which they occur. Therefore iSense knows these relationships at a factual level and does not use statistical probability.
This process has been repeated across other languages and dialects and the same knowledge categories. 
As every language changes over the time, new words are being created and new meanings and contexts emerge, the core taxonomy is continually being updated and extended by a team of linguists in each available language (English, German, Dutch, French, Danish, Italian).

</doc>
<doc id="19757934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757934" title="Dress boot">
Dress boot

Dress boots are short leather boots worn by men. Built like dress shoes, but with uppers covering the ankle, versions of the boots are used as an alternative to these in bad weather or rough outdoor situation, and as a traditional option for day time formalwear.
History.
Until the end of the Victorian period, men did not wear shoes (which were reserved for women), preferring only boots during daytime and court slippers (pumps) when eveningwear was worn. At that time, long riding boots were common and dress boots were for more formal occasions, so patent leather was often used, as well as ordinary black calf. Gradually, these boots became more common for formal evening use, so that by the Edwardian era, patent boots were generally worn when there would be no dancing. Patent leather use during day dropped, and formal morning clothes soon incorporated either shoes or plain calf dress boots. In the evening, the wearing of both boots and court slippers similarly declined as shoes came to dominate, though slippers are still worn with white tie.
As the use of riding boots declined with the advent of cars (automobiles), another use for these short boots developed as tougher alternatives to shoes for harsh weather or terrain, where hobnails would originally have been worn with sturdier versions of town boots. Now that shoes are so much more common than boots, and formal clothing is worn so infrequently, this is now the most frequent use of dress boots.
Form.
Formal boots.
With formalwear, dress boots are now only worn during the day, and are usually now black Oxford boots of Balmoral cut (in the English, not American, sense, "i.e." the only seam descending to the welt is that of the toe-cap). The upper is usually softer, made of canvas or suede. Alternatively, the same Balmoral vamp is used with a button-fastened upper instead of using the more modern system of shoe laces. The tolerance for fit with this kind of boot is less, so they are more expensive, though more traditional, and a button-hook on the end of a shoehorn may be needed to do up the buttons. The traditional use of buff for the uppers is rare. The boots sometimes have toe-caps, which can feature a brogued seam, a reference to their original informal use for business.
Outdoor boots.
Though constructed similarly to formal boots, casual or informal boots for harsher conditions sacrifice elegance for practicality, using double leather soles, or even rubber ones. The uppers are made of the same strong leather as the vamp, and tougher materials like cordovan may be used. Walking boots in this style can have open lacing, and brogueing is used as on country shoes. The main colour is brown. Boots of this design were issued to the British and US armies in the 19th century: the US Civil War-era Jeff Davis boots had hobnails and the British ammunition boots remained in service until World War II. More recently, boots of this style have seen a revival as part of the Neo-Edwardian fashion popular among British indie kids.

</doc>
<doc id="19757946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757946" title="Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 1500 metres">
Speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics – Men's 1500 metres

The 1500 metres speed skating event was part of the speed skating at the 1952 Winter Olympics programme. The competition was held on Monday, February 18, 1952 at 5 p.m..
Thirty-nine speed skaters from 13 nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1952 Winter Olympics.
"(*)" The record was set in a high altitude venue (more than 1000 metres above sea level) and on naturally frozen ice.
Results.
The current world record holder Valentin Chaikin did not compete as the Soviet Union did not participate in Winter Games before 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19757948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757948" title="Chithirai Thiruvizha">
Chithirai Thiruvizha

Chithirai Thiruvizha (Festival celebrated during the Tamil month of Chitirai) is an annual celebration celebrated in Madurai during the month of April. It is one of the longest celebrations of the world and lasts for one month. The first 15 days of the festival is celebrated for Meenakshi, and the next 15 days are celebrated for Alagar (A form of lord Mahavishnu).
History.
Historically it was two separate events. The first is Meenakshi festival that was celebrated on a different month and Alagar festival celebrated on a different month as two separate celebrations.
Meenakshi is the daughter of Pandya king Malayathuvaja Pandian and his queen Kanchanamalai, The royal couples didn't have a child for a long time. So, he did special pujas and offered his prayers to the God. During the puja a small girl came out of the fire and sat on the lap of the king. At that time a divine voice from the sky told them that this child is avatar of Sakthi (Wife of Lord Shiva) and Lord Shiva will come to marry her at the right age. Meenakshi became a young woman and was trained in all warfare and she was crowned as Queen of Pandya kingdom after her father. She conquered the whole world with her extraordinary war skill and at last she went to Kailayam (The Place of Lord Shiva) to conquer it. When Meenakshi meet Lord Shiva at the battlefield she fell in love with him and realised that She is an avatar of Sakthi, Lord Shiva's wife).
Lord Shiva assured Meenakshi that he will come to Madurai to marry her. As promised Lord Shiva along with all the Devas and rishi's came to Madurai to attend the holy wedding. Lord Shiva married Meenakshi and ruled the Pandya kingdom under the name Sundara Pandyan.
This is a Separate celebration that was celebrated by Saivaites (Followers of Lord Shiva). The below is the story of Alagar festival that is celebrated by Vaishnavite (Followers of Lord Vishnu).
Mandooka rishi (a saint) was taking bath in the holy waters of Aagaayaganga in Alagar hills. At that time the most powerful and tempered Durvasar Maharishi came by the way. Mandooka rish haden't noticed his arrival, But durvasa thought that Mandooka rishi is insulting him by not welcoming him. So he cursed Mandooka to became a frog and live in river vaigai. Mandooka was worried by the curse and pleaded for mercy. Durvasa told his to go to Vaigai and pray Lord Alagar to get out of his curse and get back his human body. As advised by Doorvasa he went to river vaigai and lived in the river as a frog and pay lord Alagar.
Alagar was pleased by the prayers of Mandooka rishi and he himself went to river vaigai to cure the curse of Mandooka rishi. And, as per mandooka's wish he showed him All the ten avatars of Lord vishnu and blessed him.
During the rule of King Thirumalai Nayakar both the festivals were merged as one single event to unite the peoples of two groups (Saivism and Vaishnavite). Since then this is celebrated as one grand event during the Tamil month of Chitirai and this gives the celebration its famous name Chitirai Tiruvizha.
Legend.
People in and around Madurai tell this story as the history of Chitirai Tiruvizha.
Alagar (Lord Vishnu) is the elder brother of Meenakshi (Goddess Parvathi). Alagar is located in Alagar Hills which is approx 20 KM from Madurai. Alagar was invited to attend the wedding of Meenakshi and Shiva in Madurai city. He started from Alagar Hills which is a dense forest even these days. In order to protect him and his belongings from robbers he decided to dress himself as a robber and travel to Madurai.
Alagar is travelling to Madurai by hiding himself from the robbers and also the security persons (Because he have dressed like a robber). So he was late by one day to his sister's wedding. When he was crossing the river Vaigai people told his that His sister got married without his presence.
He got angry on this and knowing this Lord Meenakshi and Shiva also came to Vaigai river to explain him about the situation. He gave all the gifts he brought to Meenakshi and Shiva for their wedding to them in a Mandabam (A Small building) in the middle of river vaigai and returned to Alagar Hill without entering Madurai.
List of events.
The following are the list of events in Chithirai Thiruvizha.
Kodi Yetram.
During this event the chief priest of Meenakshi amman temple will hoist the holy flag on the "KodiMaram" (Flag post) of the temple. This event declares the long event open. The flag will stay on the flag post until the end of the festival.
Pattabisekam.
Pattabisekam is coronation ceremony. Meenakshi is crowned as the queen of Madurai on this day and she will rule the Pandya Kingdom for the next four months and after that her husband Lord Sunderaswarar will be crowned as the king of Madurai for the next eight months.
Dikvijayam.
When Meenakshi amman is crowned as the queen of Pandya kingdom she went into war with all the countries in the world and conquered the whole world and she went to Kailaayam (The Place of Lord Shiva in Himalayas) to conquer that. But, on seeing lord shiva on the battlefield she fell in love with him and married him..
Meenakshi Tirukalyanam.
Meenakshi Tiukalyanam is the great grand wedding celebration of Meenakshi amman and Lord shiva in Madurai. Lord shiva come to Madurai to marry Menakshi is a grand wedding celebration. This tradition is still followed today.
Ther Thiruvizha.
The day after Meenakshi Tirukalyanam is Ther Thiruvizha (Car Festival). The King and Queen of Pandya Kingdom Lord Sunderaswarar and Meenakshi will come to see their citizens in a well decorated chariot which is a huge and Magnificent wooden structure. Thousands of peoples will gather at the streets of Madurai to pull the chariot and to witness the celebration.
Etir Sevai.
Part of the Chithirai brahmotsavam of Lord Kallazhagar Temple at Alagarkoil, the ‘Ethir Sevai' began on the fourth day of the festival. Alagar enters Madurai city and the peoples of the city welcomes him.
Alagar Vaigai Elenthuarulal.
After the holy marriage of Madurai Meenakshi Amman her brother tries to come to the marriage. Lord Alagar comes from Alagarkoil to Madurai slowly and by making couple of stops on the way. It is considered that when reaching the vaigai river bank, he hears that marriage is over, so he gets angry and returns to Alagarkovil after giving the gifts to Meenakshi and sundereswarar and this event happens in a mandapam in the middle of river vaigai.
Alagar Vaigai Elenthuarulal

</doc>
<doc id="19757965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757965" title="Kenny Craddock">
Kenny Craddock

Kenny Craddock (18 April 1950 - 30 May 2002) was an instrumentalist, composer and producer. Throughout his career he worked with artists including Ringo Starr, Ginger Baker, Billy Bragg, Gerry Rafferty and Alan White. He collaborated with Alan Hull and Lindisfarne, joining the band in 1973 and remaining with them until their temporary split in 1975, and acted as musical director for Van Morrison and Mary Black.
Craddock began touring with Van Morrison in the early 1980s, playing keyboards until around 1985. Craddock, though, had a written a song based upon a W.B. Yeats poem called "Before the World", which Morrison said he would like to record. "Before the World Was Made" was adapted by Morrison with music by Craddock, and appeared on the 1993 album "Too Long in Exile".
In the nineties, he provided, with Colin Gibson, the incidental music to Steven Moffat's sitcom "Joking Apart". Craddock himself performed the show's theme song, a cover version of Chris Rea's "Fool (If You Think It's Over)". Around this time, Craddock toured with Paul Brady.
Craddock moved to Portugal in 2001, where he died in a car crash after completing his first solo album, "Mad as the Mist and Snow".

</doc>
<doc id="19757981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757981" title="The Big Premiere">
The Big Premiere

The Big Premiere is a 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 188th "Our Gang" short (189th episode, 100th talking short, 101st talking episode, and 20th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
The gang unintentionally wreaks havoc at the gala Hollywood premiere of the adventure epic "Gun Boats". Chased away by the angry authorities, the undaunted kids decide to stage their own movie premiere—and they even film a movie for the occasion. Alas, the gang's cinematic effort, entitled The Mysteeryus Mystery, is not quite as entertaining as the efforts by Buckwheat to remove his feet from a block of cement

</doc>
<doc id="19757984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757984" title="Cordylobia">
Cordylobia

Cordylobia is a genus of fly from the family Calliphoridae. The larvae of "Cordylobia" are parasitic on mammals, especially rodents. Two species, "C. anthropophaga" (the tumbu fly) and "C. rodhaini" (Lund's fly), also are known as parasites of humans. The adult flies feed on rotting fruits, vegetables and animal faeces, and are most abundant in the wet season. like many tropical insects they are most active in the morning and evening. "Cordylobia" are largely confined to Africa, though they have been recorded elsewhere when transported by human travellers.
Species.
The genus consists of four species (as of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19757991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757991" title="Agragaun">
Agragaun

Agragaun is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2370 people living in 381 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19757997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19757997" title="Pawtuckaway State Park">
Pawtuckaway State Park

Pawtuckaway State Park is a preserve in New Hampshire, United States. It is one of the largest state parks in southeastern New Hampshire and is named for Pawtuckaway Lake and the Pawtuckaway Mountains. The park extends from the west shore of the lake to the west side of the mountains.
Geology.
The Pawtuckaway Mountains are a small, rocky, circular range that form the outline of an ancient volcanic ring dike dating from 130—110 million years ago (Cretaceous). The ring dike, first completely mapped in 1944, is a smaller and more accessible example of the same kind of geological process that formed the Ossipee Mountains to the north. The inner ring is roughly one mile in diameter, while the outer is measured at almost two miles.
Earthquakes occurred in the vicinity of the ring dike in the summer and fall of 1845. Known as the Deerfield explosions, they were described as subterranean noises "often as loud as the report of a 12 pounder cannon when heard at a distance of half a mile" but without echoes. They were the subject of much speculation at the time.
Environment.
The park lies within the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion.
Recreation.
Hiking trails lead to the approximately summits of North and South Pawtuckaway mountains and connect the ring dike area to the lake. The lake is a water body with numerous islands and coves and is a popular boating, fishing, and swimming destination. Since orienteering enthusiasts made an orienteering map of the park in 1992, the park has become a venue for major orienteering meets, including foot orienteering and canoe orienteering. The venue is shared by several orienteering clubs in New England, including Cambridge Sports Union, New England Orienteering Club, and Up North Orienteers. The Pawtuckaway ring dike includes a boulder field of interest to bouldering climbers, and the park is a popular destination for geocaching.
Park amenities include 195 campsites, of hiking trails, a boat launch, a swimming beach, camp store, ball field, playground, bathhouse, shelters, picnic tables, and canoe and rowboat rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="19758027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758027" title="1973 Australian Grand Prix">
1973 Australian Grand Prix

The 1973 Australian Grand Prix was a race for Australian Formula 1 and Australian Formula 2 racing cars, the former class incorporating Formula 5000 cars. It was held on 4 November at Sandown International Raceway and was the second AGP in a row to be held at that circuit.
It was the thirty eighth Australian Grand Prix and doubled as round four of the 1973 Australian Drivers' Championship. Defending winner Graham McRae won his second AGP ahead of John McCormack and Johnnie Walker.
Classification.
Results as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19758054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758054" title="Awalaching">
Awalaching

Awalaching is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1911 people living in 286 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758060" title="Édouard Carmignac">
Édouard Carmignac

Édouard Carmignac (born 5 September 1947 in Paris) a French investment banker and fund manager. He currently is the head of Carmignac Gestion, an investment boutique that bears his name. Carmignac graduated in economics from the University of Paris and received an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Prior to Carmignac Gestion he had spells with Blyth, Eastman, Dillon & Co. in New York City and BNP Paribas in Paris. In 1984 he joined stockbrokers Hamant & Cie and subsequently played an instrumental role in the creation of the firm's fund management subsidiary, Pyramide Gestion.
In July 2012 Carmignac openly tried to influence the policies of French president Francois Hollande with an advertisement in the Financial Times especially concerning taxes on the rich.
Jean-Marc Ayrault, the French prime minister, denounced claims that taxes on the rich "were damaging and vowed to press ahead with tax rises promised by the Socialist government."

</doc>
<doc id="19758061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758061" title="Bajedichaur">
Bajedichaur

Bajedichaur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3357 people living in 563 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758075" title="Betan">
Betan

Betan is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2644 people living in 407 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758080" title="Bidyapur">
Bidyapur

Bidyapur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4053 people living in 707 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758086" title="Bijaura">
Bijaura

Bijaura is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3841 people living in 637 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758091" title="Chapre">
Chapre

Chapre is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2334 people living in 389 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758100" title="Chhinchu">
Chhinchu

Chhinchu is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6359 people living in 1436 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758107" title="Babiyachaur, Surkhet">
Babiyachaur, Surkhet

Babiyachaur is a village development committee in Surkhet District, Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5218 people living in 997 individual households.

</doc>
