<doc id="19622033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622033" title="TVB Anniversary Awards (2006)">
TVB Anniversary Awards (2006)

TVB Anniversary Awards 2006 (Traditional Chinese: 2006年萬千星輝頒獎典禮) is an award ceremony that celebrates the best in TVB programming of 2006. The award ceremony took place on 10 November 2006.
Best Actor.
"Best Actor in a Leading Role" Award (最佳男主角).
Award presented by: Liza Wang (汪明荃)
Best Actress.
"Best Actress in a Leading Role" Award (最佳女主角).
Award presented by: Roger Kwok (郭晉安)
Best Supporting Actor.
"Best Actor in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳男配角).
Award presented by: Yuen Wah (元華) & Yuen Qiu (元秋)
Best Supporting Actress.
"Best Actress in a Supporting Role" Award (最佳女配角).
Award presented by: Yuen Wah (元華) & Yuen Qiu (元秋)
My Favourite Male Character.
"My Favourite Male Character Role" Award (我最喜愛的電視男角色).
Award presented by:
My Favourite Female Character.
"My Favourite Female Character Role" Award (我最喜愛的電視女角色).
Award presented by:
Most Improved Actor.
"Most Vastly Improved Actor" Award (飛躍進步男藝員).
Award presented by: Chapman To (杜汶澤)
Most Improved Actress.
"Most Vastly Improved Actress Award (飛躍進步女藝員).
Award presented by: Michael Miu (苗僑偉)
Best Presenter.
"Best Television Presenter" Award (最佳節目主持).
Award presented by:
Best Drama.
"Best Drama" Award (最佳劇集).
Award presented by:
Best Variety Show.
"Best Variety Show" Award (最佳綜藝資訊節目).
Award presented by:
Most Creative Program.
"Most Creative Program" Award (最具創意節目).
Award presented by:
Best Promotional Clip.
"Best Promotional Clip" Award (最佳宣傳片).
Most Enjoyable Program.
"Most Enjoyable Value" Award (最具欣賞價值大獎).
Award presented by:
Best Foreign Program.
"Best Foreign Purchased Program " Award (最佳外購節目).
Award presented by:
Lifetime Acting Achievement.
"Lifetime Acting Achievement" Award (萬千光輝演藝大獎).
Award presented by:

</doc>
<doc id="19622039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622039" title="Clarence, Illinois">
Clarence, Illinois

Clarence is an unincorporated community in Ford County, Illinois, United States. Clarence is within the limits of the remote Button Township and makes up most of its population. The community is located adjacent to Illinois Route 9 that provides service to nearby Paxton and Rankin.

</doc>
<doc id="19622048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622048" title="Haluatko miljonääriksi?">
Haluatko miljonääriksi?

Haluatko miljonääriksi? (English translation: "Do you want to be a millionaire?") is a Finnish game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show is hosted by Ville Klinga (earlier by Lasse Lehtinen). The main goal of the game is to win €1 million (from 2002 to 2005 - €200,000, and from 1999 to 2001 - mk1,000,000 ) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are three "lifelines" - Fifty Fifty ("50:50"), Phone A Friend ("Kilauta kaverille") and Ask The Audience ("Kysy katsomolta"). "Haluatko miljonääriksi?" was broadcast from 1999 to 2005 (on Nelonen), and from 2005 to 2007 (on MTV3). When a contestant gets the fifth question correct, he will leave with at least €2,000 (from 1999 to 2001 - mk10,000). When a contestant gets the tenth question correct, he will leave with at least €15,000 (2002 to 2005 - 20,000, from 1999 to 2001 - mk100,000). The biggest win was, when a contestant won €70,000 while the biggest prize was €200,000 (resigned of answering on 14 question).
Game's prizes.
From 1999 to 2002:
From 2002 to 2005:
From 2005 to 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="19622050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622050" title="Statens institut för rasbiologi">
Statens institut för rasbiologi

Statens institut för rasbiologi (SIFR, Swedish: "The State Institute for Racial Biology") was a Swedish governmental research institute founded in 1922 with the stated purpose of studying eugenics and human genetics. It was located in Uppsala and as a governmental agency, it was the world’s first of its kind. In 1958, it was replaced by the Institute for Medical Genetics ("Institutionen för medicinisk genetik") and is today incorporated as a department of Uppsala University. Its first head was Herman Lundborg.
History.
After its founding in 1922, it continued under the leadership of Herman Lundborg. In 1926, studies conducted by the institute provided a basis for Lundborg's upper secondary school textbook 'Swedish Racial Studies'. However, Lundborg became increasingly anti-semitic which put him at odds with the Swedish Government during a time when tensions were growing between Sweden and Germany. In 1936, he was replaced by Gunnar Dahlberg. In 1958 it was integrated into Uppsala University, and is today the university's genetic center.
The Institute became associated with a forced sterilization program which affected 63,000 people and continued until 1975.
The official assignment of the Swedish institute was to study the inhabitants of the country from a racial perspective. They studied the life conditions and environmental developments of different families. They tried to explain the effect biological heritage and the environment has on people. They also studied mental illnesses, alcoholism and criminality. 
"Svenska sällskapet för rashygien" (Swedish Society for Eugenics) was founded in 1909 and paved the way for SIFR. Its mission statement was to study eugenics. "Svenska sällskapet för rashygien", and eugenics in general, didn’t gain ground until after World War I. In 1918 the society travelled around Sweden with an exhibit called “Folktyputställning” (""Exhibition about types of people""). The same year Frithiof Lennemalm, the headmaster of Karolinska Institutet proposed that the Nobel Foundation finance an institute for race biology. The Nobel committee for medicine voted unanimously in favour of the proposal. The staff of Karolinska Institutet voted against it with a very thin margin (9 against 8). Instead it was proposed that the Swedish state found and finance such an institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19622055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622055" title="Ardmore, Easter Ross">
Ardmore, Easter Ross

Ardmore (Scottish Gaelic: An Àird Mhòr) is a village on the south shore of Dornoch Firth in Tain, Ross-shire, Highland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.

</doc>
<doc id="19622057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622057" title="Matthew Arnold (disambiguation)">
Matthew Arnold (disambiguation)

Matthew Arnold (1822–1888) was a poet and cultural critic.
Matthew Arnold may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622062" title="Harvela Investments Ltd v Royal Trust of Canada (CI) Ltd">
Harvela Investments Ltd v Royal Trust of Canada (CI) Ltd

Facts.
The Royal Trust Co. owned shares in a company, and invited bids for them. Harvela bid $2,175,000 and Sir Leonard Outerbridge bid 
"$2,100,000 or $101,000 in excess of any other offer… expressed as a fixed monetary amount, whichever is higher."
The Royal Trust accepted Sir Leonard's bid as being $2,276,000. Harvela sued for breach of contract, saying a referential bid was invalid. The Court of Appeal held in favour of The Royal Trust, that expressing a fixed amount made the referential bid valid.
Judgment.
The House of Lords unanimously reversed the Court of Appeal's decision. Lord Templeman gave a lucid judgment, pointing especially to "South Hetton Coal Co. v. Haswell, Shotton and Easington Coal and Coke Co." 1 Ch. 465 where Sir Nathaniel Lindley MR had dealt with referential bids already (233-4).
Lord Diplock died three months after giving his judgment (11 July 1985), aged 78. He put his opinion in the following way.
Lord Bridge said that the referential bid can only be ascertained in amount after the deadline has fallen for all bids to come in.

</doc>
<doc id="19622081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622081" title="Imran Awan">
Imran Awan

Imran Pervez Awan (born 2 June 1979) is a Pakistani born American cricketer. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he has played for the United States national cricket team since 2000.
Biography.
Born in Sialkot in 1979, Imran Awan first played for the USA in 2000, touring England. He did not play again until the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland. After playing in warm-up matches against the Northern Cricket Union President's XI and Namibia he played five matches in the tournament proper. He took 4/46 against Papua New Guinea, his best List A bowling performance.
In 2006, he played in the ICC Americas Championship in King City, Ontario, and most recently represented his country in Division Five of the World Cricket League in Jersey in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19622109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622109" title="List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Sierra Leone">
List of High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Sierra Leone

The High Commissioner of the United Kingdom to Sierra Leone is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in the Republic of Sierra Leone.
Sierra Leone gained independence from the United Kingdom in 1961. As both countries are members of the Commonwealth of Nations, they exchange High Commissioners rather than ambassadors.

</doc>
<doc id="19622110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622110" title="Kate Richardson-Walsh">
Kate Richardson-Walsh

Kathrin ("Katie") Louise Richardson-Walsh ("née" Walsh born 9 May 1980 in Withington, Manchester) is the field hockey captain for Great Britain and England. When she was 28 she had over 130 caps for England and 60 for Great Britain. As an active sports person she is twice a winner of the "Hockey Writers Club UK Player of the Year" and then in 2003 she was shortlisted for the "World Player of the Year Award" and the in 2007 she was named "Great Britain Hockey Athlete of the Year". 
Walsh made both her England and Great Britain debuts in 1999 and has since gone on to play at the full range of international tournaments – the 2000 and 2008 Olympics, two World Cups, three European Cups, two Champions Trophy, two Commonwealth Games and three Champions Challenge. As a defender she has twice won medals at international tournaments at her hometown of Manchester — silver at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, and bronze at the 2007 EuroHockey Nations Championships.
Walsh plays her club hockey for Reading HC, in the English Hockey League Premier Division.
In Summer Olympics 2012, Walsh was hit by a stick in the team's opening match against Japan and suffered a broken jaw, which was expected to end her journey in Olympic games, however after missing two matches she returned to play in their penultimate group game against China. 
Walsh married Great Britain and England teammate Helen Richardson and both changed their last name after.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19622175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622175" title="Hanriot HD.7">
Hanriot HD.7

The Hanriot HD.7 was a French fighter prototype of the 1910s.
Development.
The HD.7 was based largely on the Hanriot HD.3, using the wings and tail surfaces from the earlier model. A single-seat fighter, it first flew in 1918
Operational history.
The aircraft was designed to replace the SPAD S.XIII fighter. However, after its first flight in 1918, it was found to be of good performance, but inferior to its main competitor, the Nieuport-Delage NiD 29, which then entered service production for the Aéronautique Militaire in 1918. No further production occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="19622190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622190" title="Sara Braga Simões">
Sara Braga Simões

Sara Braga Simões (born 1975 in Braga) is a Portuguese operatic soprano who has sung in the world premieres of seven 21st century operas:Carlos Azevedo's Mumadona, Nuno Côrte-Real's 'Banksters', Pedro Amaral's 'O Sonho', Jose Eduardo Rocha's 'Os fugitivos', Sofia Sousa Rocha's 'Inês Morre'. Luís Soldado's 'Fado Olissiponense' and Luís Tinoco's 'Evil Machines'.
Career.
After receiving her diploma in singing from the Escola Superior de Música in Porto, Sara Braga Simões trained for four years with the Estúdio de Ópera da Casa da Música in Porto. She made her operatic debut as Volpino in Haydn's "Lo speziale" with the Orquestra de Câmara Musicare, conducted by Bertrand Broder. In March 2004 she sang the leading role of Marta in the world premiere of José Eduardo Rocha's opera "Os fugitivos" (Lisbon, Teatro da Trindade), which was later broadcast on Portuguese television. The following year, she won second prize in the 2005 "Concurso Nacional de Canto Luísa Todi" singing competition. Simões made her debut at the Teatro Nacional de São Carlos as Lady-in-waiting in Verdi's "Macbeth" in June 2007 and has since returned to the opera house as Pamina in a special young people's version of Mozart's "The Magic Flute" and as a soloist in the concert inaugurating the theatre's 2007/2008 season. The summer of 2007 also saw Simões singing in the premiere as a "work-in-progress" of Pedro Amaral's opera "O sonho" at the Culturgest arts centre in Porto. On 12 January 2008, Simões sang in the world premiere of "Evil Machines", an opera composed by Luís Tinoco to a libretto by Terry Jones (Lisbon, São Luiz Municipal Theatre). In 2010, she made the world debut of Pedro Amaral's opera 'O Sonho' in london, with London Sinfonietta. In the same year, she made her debut as Donna Elvira in Mozart's Don Giovanni. In 2011 she played the female leading role in Nuno Côrte-Real's opera 'Banskters' in Teatro Nacional de São Carlos, the Lisbon Opera House.
Recordings.
In October 2008 Sara Braga Simões and pianist Luís Pipa recorded a CD of the complete works for voice and piano by 20th-century Portuguese composer, Eurico Thomaz de Lima, to be released later in the year. Simões also appears in "Ópera aberta", a documentary film by Leonor Areal on the 2004 world premiere of "Os fugitivos".

</doc>
<doc id="19622204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622204" title="James Kyle Dall">
James Kyle Dall

James Kyle Dall was the first headmaster of Elmfield College, Heworth, York (Booth 1990:29). Born at Preston in Lancashire, the son of John Dall, he entered Trinity College, Dublin in October 1845 at the age of 21, and graduated BA in 1850. He had been a schoolmaster in Leeds before moving to Elmfield, where he worked closely with John Petty, its first Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="19622205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622205" title="HMS Bonne Citoyenne (1796)">
HMS Bonne Citoyenne (1796)

Bonne Citoyenne was the name ship of a four-vessel class of 20-gun corvettes of the French Navy. The Royal Navy captured her and commissioned her as the sloop-of-war HMS "Bonne Citoyenne". Her most famous action was her capture of the French frigate "Furieuse" on 6 July 1809, for which her crew would earn the Naval General Service Medal. Her lines were used as the basis for the "Hermes"-class post ships. She was sold in 1819.
French service and capture.
"Bonne Citoyenne" was built and launched in 1794, put into service in 1795 and served in the English Channel and the Bay of Biscay. 
On 4 March she left Rochfort under the command of "capitaine de vaisseau" Mahé-La Bourdonnais. She was in the company of the French frigates "Forte", "Seine", and "Regenerée", and the brig "Mutine". They were sailing for the Île de France with troops and "Bonne Citoyenne" also had a great deal of soldiers' clothing on board.
"Bonne Citoyenne" had the misfortune to be damaged in a storm and to become separated from the rest of the French squadron. On 10 March she had the further misfortune to encounter the fifth-rate frigate , under the command of Robert Stopford, and his squadron. The squadron captured her 58 leagues off Cape Finisterre.
Stopford then took her back to England as his prize. She was commissioned into the Royal Navy as HMS "Bonne Citoyenne". 
Two men from "Bonne Citoyenne", Sélis, who had been chief helmsman, and Thierry, a pilot, made an unsuccessful attempt to escape from Petersfield Prison after seven months captivity. Consequently, they were put on board the "Lady Shore", which was to carry them, another six French prisoners, and some convicts to Botany Bay. On the way they fomented a mutiny, seized the vessel, and took her into Rio de Janeiro, where a French frigate squadron under Captain Landolphe, comprising "Médée", "Franchise" and "Concorde", rescued them.
British service.
Mediterranean.
"Bonne Citoyenne"s first captain was Commander Sir Charles Lindsay, who took command in June 1796. On 22 September she captured the "Jonge George". Ten days later, she captured the "Jussrouw Van Altona".
Lindsay sailed for the Mediterranean in January 1797 where she joined a squadron under Lord Viscount Garlies, off Cadiz. The squadron also included , , , and . That month they captured the Spanish merchant vessels "Santa Natalia" and "Caridad" (alias "Cubana").
"Bonne Citoyenne" was in company with the other vessels of Garlies' squadron when they captured the Spanish brigs "San Juan Baptista" on 6 February and the "Virgine de Monserrate" three days later. At about the same time they also captured the Spanish ship "San Francisco", which they sent into Lisbon. 
"Bonne Citoyenne" was at the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February, when she signaled Admiral John Jervis that she had sighted the French fleet. "Bonne Citoyenne" shared in the prize money arising from the battle. In 1847 the Admiralty authorized the issuance of the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "St. Vincent" to all surviving claimants from the battle.
The British anchored in Lagos Bay with their prizes. Jervis then sent a squadron, that included "Bonne Citoyenne", under Captain Velters Cornwall Berkeley in to find the 130-gun "Santissima Trinidad". Six days later they did, only for Berkeley to break of the chase and lose her, for reasons that have never been explained. came up and found "Santissima Trinidad", firing several broadsides into her before she broke off the engagement. As "Santissima Trinidad" was much larger and more heavily armed than "Terpsichore" it is not clear what Bowen actually expected to accomplish. At some point, "Bonne Citoyenne", "Emerald" and shared in the proceeds of the capture of the Spanish ship "Concordia". 
In March Captain Lord Mark Kerr took command, only to be replaced in May by Commander Richard Retalick. "Bonne Citoyenne" then had a productive summer capturing two privateers and numerous other vessels: 
Commander Josiah Nisbet replaced Retalick in May 1798. On 28 October, "Bonne Citoyenne" and captured two vessels off Capo Passaro, Sicily. Both belonged to the French Republic. The brig "San Giovanni e San Nicolo" was carrying corn. The "Bologna" was carrying merchandise, with both vessel and merchandise being Genoese property.
"Bonne Cityonne" joined Admiral Horatio Nelson's squadron and went out with it to the Mediterranean, but did not arrive at Abu Qir Bay until ten days after the Battle of the Nile. Nisbet was promoted to post captain in December. 
In January 1799 Nelson ordered "Bonne Citoyenne" to convey the Turkish Ambassador to Constantinople. Nisbet returned to Palermo with dispatches from Constantinople for Nelson. She then sailed to Malta to join the fleet blockading the French garrison there, arriving in early April.
Commander Thomas Malling took over in August. His successor, in September, was Lieutenant Archibald Duff (acting), who left after the Admiralty refused to confirm the appointment. The next month Commander Robert Jackson assumed command. 
"Bonne Citoyenne" was among the many vessels of the Malta blockade sharing in the prize money accruing from the capture on 18 February of the French warship "Genereux". The first distribution of the proceeds of the hull, provisions and stores totaled ₤24,000. On 2 April the squadron captured the "Guillaume Tell", with the vessels of the squadron sharing in the prize money. Similarly "Bonne Citoyenne" shared in the capture on 6 April of the French polacca "Vengeance", which was going into La Valletta. Next, on 27 June, vessels of the squadron captured the French privateers "Redoubtable" and "Entreprenant". "Bonne Citoyenne" was also among the vessels sharing in the proceeds from the capture of the French frigate "Dianne" on 25 August off Malta as she and "Justice" attempted to escape. Although the British captured "Dianne", "Justice" was able to slip away in the dark.
On 5 September 1800, the British took Malta after two years of blockade. "Bonne Citoyenne" was among the vessels and regiments that shared in the prize money. On 18 October, an Anglo-Portuguese squadron shared in the capture of the Ragusan polacca "Madonna Della Gratia e San Gaetano", which was carrying plate, amongst other cargo. The British vessels were , "Terpsichore", "Bonne Citoyenne" and , and the Portuguese vessels, "Principe Reale", "Reynha de Portugal", "Alfonso di Albuquerque", and the corvette "Benjamin". The seizure on 27 October of two Greek polaccas off Malta also led to a shared payout, this one involving more, but only British vessels. One of the polaccas was the "San Nicolo", but the name of the other is unknown. Nelson order the hulls burnt before La Valletta. The seizure on 31 October of the ship "Fowler" involved three other British vessels, "Lutine", , and .
On 31 December 1800 Jackson and the "Bonne Citoyenne" captured the Spanish privateer settee "Vives" about 20 leagues off Cape Mola, outside Port Mahon. "Vives" was armed with ten 9-pounders and had a crew of 80 men. She was ten days out of Palma and had previously captured a merchant vessel carrying wine from Port Mahon to Citadella. Jackson recaptured this ship too. 
"Bonne Citoyenne" then returned to Gibraltar. There she was among the vessels that shared in the capture of the "Eurydice" on 9 February 1801.
Next, she sailed for Egypt with Lord Keith's fleet. The force attacked the French at Alexandria. On 9 June, "Bonne Citoyenne", and the brig-sloops and captured the "Bonaparte", "Vierge de Nieges", "Felicité" and. "Josephine" off Alexandria. The prize money was forwarded by the British agent there. Next, "Bonne Citoyenne" shared in the capture of the "Almas di Purgatoria", off Alexandria, on 28 July. After the Battle of Alexandria and the subsequent siege, Captain Alexander Cochrane in the 74-gun third rate , with "Bonne Citoyenne", , "Victorieuse" and "Port Mahon" and three Turkish corvettes, were able to enter the harbour on 21 August. 
In 1850 the Admiralty awarded the Naval general Service Medal with clasp "Egypt" to the crews of any vessel that had served in the campaign between 8 March and 2 September 1801. "Bonne Cityonne" is listed among the vessels whose crews qualified. 
Jackson was promoted to Post Captain in April 1802; his replacement, in May, was Captain Philip Carteret. 
"Bonne Citoyenne" was paid off in 1803. By 1805 she was moored at Chatham, where she underwent repairs in 1808. She was recommissioned under John Thompson in May 1808, and served off the north coast of Spain. William Mounsey replaced Thompson on 18 April 1809. He then took despatches to Earl St Vincent. While Mounsey was in command of "Bonne Citoyenne", she ran down and sank a merchant vessel, the "Doris". Lieutenant Symes, first lieutenant of "Bonne Citoyenne" was the officer of the watch and was on deck at the time. The owners of "Doris" sued Mounsey, but the case was dismissed on the grounds that Mounsey had not appointed Symes.
"Bonne Citoyenne" captures "Furieuse".
"Bonne Citoyenne" returned to England after delivering the despatches, and on 18 June sailed from Spithead in company with . The two were acting as escorts for a convoy bound for Quebec. Whilst she escorted the convoy, on 2 July, lookouts spotted a suspicious sail astern, and Mounsey dropped back to investigate. In doing so he lost sight of the convoy.
As he sailed to rejoin the convoy, on 5 July he came across a French frigate that was in the process of capturing an English merchant. Despite the frigate's substantially larger size, Mounsey immediately gave chase, at which the French ship fled northwards. After a chase lasting 18 hours the "Bonne Citoyenne" caught up with the French ship on the morning of 6 July and brought her to battle. 
The subsequent engagement lasted seven hours, with "Bonne Citoyenne" at a disadvantage early on, when three of her guns were dismounted. She nevertheless fired 129 broadsides to the enemy's 70. By the end of the battle "Bonne Citoyenne" had lost her top masts, her lower masts were badly damaged, and her rigging, sails and boats had been shot to pieces. Running out of powder Mounsey decided to force the issue and ordered his men to be prepared to board the French ship. Before he could do so, the French surrendered and Mounsey took possession.
The enemy ship was discovered to be the "Furieuse", which had sailed from the Îles des Saintes on 1 April, carrying sugar and coffee to France. She was capable of carrying 48 guns, but she was armed "en flute", only carrying 20 at the time. Even so, the weight of her broadside was considerable as she carried twelve 42-pounder carronades, two long 24-pounder guns, and six other guns of smaller caliber. She also had a much larger crew, with 200 sailors, 40 soldiers, and a detachment of troops from the 60th Regiment of the Line. "Furieuse" had suffered heavy damage; she had lost her masts, had five feet of water in the hold, and her casualties numbered 35 killed and 37 wounded. By contrast, "Bonne Citoyenne" had lost just one man killed and five wounded. Mounsey attributed the smallness of his losses to "the Lowness of the Bonne Citoyenne's Hull, and being so close under the Enemy's Guns." 
"Furieuse" was patched up, with a great deal of effort, to the point where "Bonne Citoyenne" could tow her into Halifax, where both underwent repairs. The Royal Navy took into service under her existing name. "Bonne Citoyenne" returned to England in September. 
A round of promotions followed the victory. "Bonne Citoyenne"s first lieutenant received a promotion to commander and Mounsey one to Post captain, effective 6 July, i.e., the date of the battle. Mounsey was promised command of "Furieuse" once she was repaired. Captain John Simpson commissioned "Furieuse" in Halifax and sailed her to Britain, arriving in Portsmouth on 20 June 1810. She then underwent repairs. Mounsey then commissioned her in November 1811.
"Inflexible" sued in Vice-Admiralty Court in Halifax to share in the prize money from the capture. However, the Court ruled that "Bonne Citoyenne" was the sole captor.
The Admiralty issued Mounsey with a gold medal for the action, one of only 18 that they so honoured. In 1847 the Admiralty issued the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "Bonne Citoyenne Wh. Furieuse" to all surviving claimants from "Bonne Cityonne".
Greene and the Americans.
When Mounsey left "Bonne Citoyenne" in 1810, his successor was Commander Richard James O'Connor. On 21 June 1810, "Bonne Citoyenne" captured the French privateer
"Maitre de Danse" in the Channel. She was pierced for 14 guns but only mounted four, and had a crew of 30 men. O'Connor sailed "Bonne Citoyenne" on a convoy to Madeira on 11 July 1810. 
In November Pitt Burnaby Greene took command. Greene was promoted to Post captain on 7 March 1811, after which "Bonne Citoyenne" was re-classed as a Post-ship. Greene sailed her to the South American Station on 12 March. "Bonne Citoyenne" was based at the River Plate, and Greene was the senior officer of the station from December 1811 to September 1812 when Captain Peter Heywood arrived. 
With the outbreak of the War of 1812 Greene took on a cargo of specie, worth some half a million pounds, and sailed from Rio de Janeiro. Unfortunately, a grounding damaged "Bonne Citoyenne" and he was forced to put into Salvador for repairs. Whilst she was in port, two American warships, the and arrived. James Lawrence of the "Hornet" sent a challenge to Greene, offering a single ship combat, with Commodore William Bainbridge of "Constitution" pledging not to intervene in any way.
"Bonne Citoyenne" and "Hornet" were evenly matched in terms of the number of guns, weight of their broadsides, and sizes of their crews. In his reply, Greene stated that he expected that he would emerge the victor in such a contest, but that he could not expect Bainbridge and "Constitution" to forsake their duty to intervene should "Bonne Citoyenne" emerge the victor. Consequently he declined the challenge at this time and place, but stated that he stood ready to accept the opportunity should the circumstances be different.
"Constitution" left on 6 January 1813, but "Bonne Citoyenne" did not sortie even though "Hornet" was now apparently alone. The arrival of the third rate on 24 January 1813 finally forced "Hornet" to leave; she sailed for the Caribbean where off the Demerara River she encountered and captured the sloop , which subsequently sank. Greene sailed for Portsmouth on 26 January, arriving there in April. "Bonne Citoyenne" then returned to Jamaica, before again returning to Britain.
Fate.
In August 1814 or so Captain Augustus Clifford took command of "Bonne Citoyenne". She was laid up in ordinary in January 1815. The Navy put her up for sale on 3 February 1819, and sold her on that day to Joshua Crystall for ₤1,550.

</doc>
<doc id="19622218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622218" title="Hackensack University Medical Center at Pascack Valley">
Hackensack University Medical Center at Pascack Valley

Hackensack University Medical Center at Pascack Valley (HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley, formerly Hackensack University Medical Center North at Pascack Valley) is a satellite, free-standing emergency department located in Westwood, New Jersey, at the site of the former Pascack Valley Hospital. Owned by Hackensack University Medical Center (HackensackUMC), HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley serves the Pascack Valley community in northern Bergen County, New Jersey.
History.
After the closure of Pascack Valley Hospital, the site was placed for auction by order of the bankruptcy court judge administering the case. The Touro University College of Medicine, which had plans to open a medical school on the site, had sought to advance the planned March 2008 bidding so that it could meet a requirement for preliminary accreditation. The medical school planned to bid together with Hackensack University Medical Center. The other bidders were a joint offer from Ridgewood's Valley Hospital and Englewood Hospital and Medical Center in which urgent care would be offered, but no overnight beds would be maintained. Paradigm Physician Partners planned to reopen the facility as a community hospital with 100 to 150 beds. In a fevered auction at the Newark, New Jersey courtroom, the HackensackUMC / Touro Medical School joint bid of $45 million won the bidding, beating the Valley Hospital / Englewood Hospital effort in 23 rounds of bids; Paradigm Physician Partners and another prospective participant were disqualified from participation.
In November 2006, HackensackUMC entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with Pascack Valley Hospital (PVH), located in Westwood, New Jersey, to acquire the hospital from Well Care Group, Inc. On October 1, 2008, Hackensack University Medical Center North at Pascack Valley opened as, "a satellite emergency department to treat non-life-threatening emergencies."
The reopening plans have been challenged by Englewood Hospital and Medical Center and Valley Hospital, which claim that they would be harmed by the reopened center. A study commissioned by the two opposing hospitals by a healthcare consulting firm concluded that the closing of Pascack Valley Hospital in 2007 benefited the two hospitals "without creating undue hardship to the residents of Bergen County" and that the reopening conflicts with state findings that there are too many hospital beds in Bergen County.
Services / Level of Care.
As of October 2008, HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley offers only non-life-threatening emergency treatment. The facility is open 24 hours a day, and is staffed by physicians and nurses. Patients who require more than 12 hours of observation, or in-patient admission to a full service hospital, are transferred to HackensackUMC's main hospital facility in Hackensack.
Future.
In September 2008, HackensackUMC applied to expand the services of HackensackUMC at Pascack Valley to a full-service hospital. The proposal is a joint venture with Legacy Hospital Partners, Inc. of Texas. The proposal requests approval to offer the following services:

</doc>
<doc id="19622228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622228" title="Michael Duane">
Michael Duane

William Michael Duane (1915–1997) was a British teacher known for his progressive educational views, his belief in inclusivity and a multi-racial approach, his encouragement of informal relationships between staff and pupils and his opposition to corporal punishment. He was also the head of the controversial short-lived Risinghill School in Islington.
Biography.
Early life and education.
He was born in Ireland in 1915 and lived in Dublin until his family moved to London when he was 10 years old. He was educated at Dominican School at Archway, London before going to the Jesuits' School, Stamford Hill. He trained as a teacher at the Institute of Education, University of London, before taking up at teaching post at Dame Alice Owen's School, Islington, until he joined World War II in 1940.
War service.
During the War he enlisted, and was promoted to Second Lieutenant(1941), Captain (1942), Staff Captain (1942) and Major (1945). In 1946 he received medals for bravery including the Chevalier De L’Ordre De Leopold II Avec Palme and the Croix De Guerre Avec Palme. He was demobilised in 1946
Post-War career.
After the War he briefly returned to Dame Alice Owen's School before becoming a lecturer at the Institute of Education.
In 1948 Duane was appointed the head teacher of a newly opened school, Howe Dell Secondary School in Hatfield, Hertfordshire, and at the time was one of the youngest heads in the country. Duane was given five years 'with no questioned asked' to establish the school. Until the school was ready, Duane was temporarily appointed the head of Beaumont Secondary Modern School in St. Albans for one term. Duane took charge of Howe Dell in 1949, and implemented a democratic multi-racial progressive policy which rejected corporal punishment. Duane's policies were criticised by the authoritarian head of the school governors and he was faced with an inadequate building and pupils with varying levels of education. Duane faced further criticisms after he was appointed a Justice of the Peace and nominate as the Labour Party candidate in the local elections. The school was accused of lack of discipline and impropriety and failed a HMI inspection in 1950. The Governors gave a vote of no confidence and called for Duane's dismissal. The case for dismissal was thrown out by the Hertfordshire County Council Education Committee, but Duane resigned and the school was closed in 1951.
Duane moved onto another headship at Alderman Woodrow Secondary Boys' School, Lowestoft, Suffolk in 1952. His time at this school was less problematic, though he did come into conflict with the Suffolk Education Authority over the allocation grammar school places. After a good inspection report, Duane felt it was time to move on and left in 1959.
Risinghill School.
In 1959, Duane became the head of the comprehensive Risinghill School in Islington, the post which was to make him a famous figure. The secondary school was an amalgamation of four other local schools and included pupils of nineteen different nationalities from variety of backgrounds and abilities. He was also faced with shortages of staff and a poorly built building. Duane introduced a non-authoritarian programme of pastoral care, pupil democracy, frank sex education, close cooperation with parents, promotion of creativity and multi-culturalism. He refused to expel pupils, as he felt it was illegal as secondary education was compulsory. Duane clashed with the London County Council and the HM Inspectorate over his policies and in 1962 the school was brought into controversy over an account of Duane's sex education lessons which were published anonymously by Duane. The school received an hostile inspection report which recommended the reintroduction of corporal punishment and expulsion, but Duane refused. In 1965, the newly formed Inner London Education Authority decided to close the school.
The case became well known largely due to the publication of "Risinghill: Death of a Comprehensive School" by Leila Berg in 1968.
Later career.
After Risinghill controversy, Duane was never appointed a head teacher again. He became a lecturer at Garnett College of Education and wrote and lectured on his educational philosophies. In 1977 he received a MPhil from the University of Nottingham for his research on The Terrace, an experimental ROSLA (raising of the school leaving age) scheme, jointly organised by Royston Lambert head of Dartington Hall School and Alec Clegg of the West Riding Education Authority, to provide education for 15 year olds from Northcliffe School in Conisbrough who no longer saw relevance in standard education. He later published his research in 1995. Michael Duane died in January 1997.
Primary sources.
The papers of Michael Duane are held in the Archives of the Institute of Education, University of London and a full catalogue is available on-line.

</doc>
<doc id="19622236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622236" title="Midnight Bowling">
Midnight Bowling

Midnight Bowling is a bowling video game by Gameloft originally released for mobile phones. A version with enhanced graphics was also released for WiiWare, and under the name Midnight Bowling 3D for phones. It is part of Gameloft's "Midnight" series, which includes "Midnight Pool", "Midnight Casino" and "Midnight Hold'em Poker", and the game was also included in the "Midnight Play! Pack" compilation for the Nintendo DS. In November 2008, it was made available for the iOS via Apple's App Store.
A sequel, "Midnight Bowling 2", was also later released for phones. 
Gameplay.
The game features a story mode which revolves around the player competing in a hipster-themed bowling tournament. In addition, along with quick play single and multiplayer modes the WiiWare version also features a Party Mode, in which players race across a game board by completing challenges such as trying to bowl their ball through a loop or past obstacles.
Control.
On the Wii, players use the motion controls of the Wii Remote to bowl, miming the action to bowl in similar manner to "Wii Sports Bowling"
Reception.
IGN gave "Midnight Bowling" for WiiWare a 4.9/10, highly praising the presentation and Party Mode, but felt Gameloft "dropped the ball" with the controls, citing an "awful swing mechanic" that leaves it "almost impossible to roll the ball consistently and successfully". WiiWare World gave it a 2/10, citing the same control issues as IGN and stating it "throws everything "Wii Sports" did so well control-wise out of the window, replacing it with its own very weird control scheme" that may leave the player "wondering if this is some sort of cartoonish bowling inspired game that is not really bowling".

</doc>
<doc id="19622266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622266" title="1998 Movistar Open – Singles">
1998 Movistar Open – Singles

Julián Alonso was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Francisco Clavet won the title, defeating Younes El Aynaoui 6–2, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19622278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622278" title="Diisopropylphosphate">
Diisopropylphosphate

Diisopropylphosphate is an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It acts by covalently binding to acetylcholinesterase.

</doc>
<doc id="19622279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622279" title="Linda Leatherbarrow">
Linda Leatherbarrow

Linda Leatherbarrow is a British short story writer and illustrator. Her stories have been published in her collection, Essential Kit (Maia Press 2004) and many magazines including Ambit, Cosmopolitan, Mslexia and Writing Women, and in several anthologies. They have also been broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
Biography.
Linda Leatherbarrow was born in Dumfries, Scotland, and brought up in England and Scotland. In her early career she created, illustrated, printed and published several limited-edition illustrated books of poems for her Little Bird Press. In 1995 she set up the Haringey Literature Festival and co-ordinated it for three years. She has won 1st Prize of the London Writers Competition three times. In 2001 she won a Bridport Prize and an Asham Award. In 2006 she was given an Arts Council award. Her story "Ride" was published in Norway by Cappelen in an anthology of British writing for students of English literature and language despite the fact that the story is a single sentence with no full stops at all and is many pages long. It was also published in the anthology "Even The Ants Have Names" by Diamond Twig 2002.
From a review of "Essential Kit": 'In this collection of varied and exquisite short stories, Linda Leatherbarrow brings together for the first time her prize-winning short prose with new and previously unpublished work. A wide-ranging, rich and surprising gallery of characters includes a nineteen-year-old girl leaving home, a talking gorilla in the swinging sixties, a shoe fetishist and a long-distance walker. The prose is lyrical, witty and uplifting, moving and always pertinent - proof that the short story is the perfect literary form for contemporary urban life. These stories display a seriously fresh original talent and are essential reading for short-story lovers everywhere.'
Bibliography.
Books
Prizes and Awards
Contributions to Anthologies
Journals

</doc>
<doc id="19622293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622293" title="Accelerationen">
Accelerationen

Accellerationen ("Accelerations"), op. 234, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1860 for the Engineering Students' Ball at the Sofienbad-Saal in Vienna. It is one of his best-known waltzes, famous especially for its rapidly accelerating opening waltz theme.
Accelerations is featured in Erich Wolfgang Korngold's "The Tales of Strauss", Op. 21 as well as many of Strauss's other well-known waltzes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19622294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622294" title="Cheat searching">
Cheat searching

Cheat searching, also known as code searching, is a method of inputting cheat codes by looking at a game's data storage in main memory to determine which memory addresses are responsible for certain aspects of the game, such as the player's health or number of lives, and forces a constant value into it. This is typically employed on video game console emulators such as FCE Ultra, ZSNES, and VisualBoyAdvance, as an option to input cheat codes if GameShark or Action Replay codes are unavailable. There may be customized applications for use in other games.
Method.
Typically the desired address is isolated using a series of comparison tests since the player usually isn't aware of the address. The isolation process is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19622297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622297" title="Liberal Movement (Lithuania)">
Liberal Movement (Lithuania)

The Liberal Movement (), formally the Liberals' Movement of the Republic of Lithuania () and abbreviated to LRLS, is a centre-right and liberal political party in Lithuania.
Following the October 2012 General Election, the Liberal Movement has ten members of the Seimas. It previously participated in a governing coalition, along with the Homeland Union – Lithuanian Christian Democrats and Liberal and Centre Union. It has one MEP in the European Parliament, Leonidas Donskis, who sits in the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) Group. The LRLS is a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
History.
The party was founded in 2006 by dissident members of the Liberal and Centre Union that were unhappy with Artūras Zuokas's leadership.
In the legislative elections of 2008, the first elections LRLS has ever taken part in, it gained 11 seats in the Seimas and 5.72 percent of the national vote. The LRLS formed a coalition with the Homeland Union, the Liberal and Centre Union, and the National Resurrection Party. This coalition gained a combined governmental majority of 80 out of 141 seats in the Seimas, led by Prime Minister Andrius Kubilius of the Homeland Union. At the subsequent elections of 2012, the party lost one seat to finish with 10 seats in the Seimas and 8.57 percent of the national vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19622300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622300" title="Di varhayt">
Di varhayt

Di varhayt ("The Truth") was a Yiddish Communist newspaper published from Petrograd, Russia, published by the People's Commissariat for Jewish Affairs. The first issue was published on March 8, 1918. "Di varhayt" was the first Yiddish communist newspaper in the world. It was however closed down after a brief existence, as the People's Commissariat was shifted to the new capital Moscow and the lack of Yiddish journalists in Petrograd. The paper was later restarted as "Der Emes".

</doc>
<doc id="19622334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622334" title="Fernbank, Victoria">
Fernbank, Victoria

Fernbank is a small country town on the Perry River in Victoria, Australia, approximately 310 km east of Melbourne. As of the 2001 census, the small town of Fernbank had a population of 630. With the main highway, Princes Highway close by, the small community not only services itself, but travellers along the main highway that stop for a break.
History.
The origin of the town's name is somewhat of a mystery. It is commonly believed that the town was named after the plants that grow by the banks of the Perry River, the fern, giving rise to the name, Fern-bank.
Fernbank Post Office opened on 1 January 1868 and closed in 1977.
Today.
Approximately 2.5 km south-west of Fernbank is the beautiful Fernbank Landscape and Flora Reserve], just off of the main highway, Princes Highway. There are some beautiful walking tracks and picnic spots.
Transport.
Fernbank used to be serviced by the Bairnsdale railway line, but the station closed to passengers in 1981 and then fully closed in 1996. There are still a disused crossing loop and goods platform at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="19622349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622349" title="Martinique Macaw">
Martinique Macaw

The Martinique Macaw, "Ara martinica", als known as Orange-bellied Macaw, is an hypothetical extinct species of parrot that may have been native to Martinique, a French island in the eastern Caribbean Sea.
Taxonomy.
The species was first scientifically described and named by Walter Rothschild in 1905 (and later in his 1907 book, Extinct Birds), in the absence of a specimen and based on a brief 17th-century report from the island by Pere Bouton. Bouton described the Martinique Macaw as follows:
Rothschild initially called these parrots "Anodorhynchus martinicus" and later "Ara martinicus". There are no remains of the parrots that lived on the island, and so the existence of a unique island species may never be proven. They could have been a feral population of parrots originating from Blue-and-yellow Macaws that were taken to the island as pets by humans. No evidence other than Bouton's account is known, but a 1626 painting by Roelant Savery has been suggested to show this bird alongside a Dodo.
Rothschild also named "Ara erythrura" (Red-tailed Blue-and-yellow Macaw or Satin Macaw) in 1907, based on the following 1658 description by Charles de Rochefort:
This species was supposed to have been native to Jamaica or Martinique. However, James Greenway suggested Rochefort's description was dubious, as he had never visited Jamaica, and appeared to have based his account on Jean-Baptiste Du Tertre's. It is considered the same as the Martinique Macaw today, if either has ever existed.

</doc>
<doc id="19622360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622360" title="Once Upon a Time...">
Once Upon a Time...

Once Upon a Time… (""Il était une fois…"") is a French educational animation franchise, created by Procidis. There are seven distinct series, each focusing on different aspects of knowledge. These are mostly historical, with "Once Upon a Time… Man" being focused on the overall history of mankind, and most of the others are more focused on specified historical fields, such as the lives and exploits of the explorers or inventors. "Life", however, featured an explanation on the workings of the body.
All feature the same stock characters, in similar archetypal roles. ""Life"" is the only one to not feature the children as grown up or adolescent archetypes of said characters, but as parts of the human organism.
Chronology.
Once Upon a Time… Man.
Originally produced in 1978, this series is the original series of the franchise, detailing the overall history of mankind. It was directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… Space.
Produced in 1982, this series was a science fiction follow up to the last episode of "Man", which was futuristic in scope. Several episodes of this series were made into a movie titled "Revenge of the Humanoids".It was directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… Life.
Produced in 1987, this series focuses on the workings of the human body, and has the children shown as the archetypes of various parts of the organism (cells, bacteria, etc.). It was directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… The Americas.
Produced in 1991, this series focuses on the history of the American continent through all its settlements and their historical events. It was directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… The Discoverers.
Produced in 1994, this series focuses on various thinkers and inventors throughout history, from the ancient Chinese, through Henry the Navigator, Gutenberg, Leonardo da Vinci, Galileo, Newton, Marie Curie, until "tomorrow". It was directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… The Explorers.
Produced in 1996, this series focuses on various explorers, from "The First Navigators", through Vasco de Gama, Cabeza de Vaca and Humboldt, to Lewis & Clark and Alexandra David Neel. It was, as all the series before it, directed by Albert Barillé.
Once Upon a Time… Planet Earth.
Produced in 2008, this series focuses on the preservation of the natural environment, and warnings about global warming, the greenhouse effect, pollution, and others. It features very different animation compared to earlier series. It was the last film directed by Albert Barillé, and the last series in the franchise to date. Unlike the others, this series has not yet been released in English.
Characters.
The series "Once Upon a Time…" illustrated the various subjects (as listed above) from the point of view of a group that is always composed of similar recurring figures that represent different archetypal roles.:
Some of them had historical roles. For example Pest as Goliath and Pierrot as David. Maestro had the role of Leonardo da Vinci and generally of benevolent or enlightened rulers (amongst these, he surprisingly represented Kublai Khan).

</doc>
<doc id="19622378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622378" title="The Cat Who Talked Turkey">
The Cat Who Talked Turkey

The Cat Who Talked Turkey is the 26th novel in the Cat Who series and is written by Lilian Jackson Braun.
Plot introduction.
A gentleman gets shot and dies in the woods on Qwill's property, Koko howls his "death howl" at the exact time of the murder. The death is almost neglected because of the excitement about the neighboring town of Brr's bicentennial celebration. In order to write a story for the celebration, he interviews Edythe Carroll, who is a wealthy widow. Edythe, who now lives in Ittibittiwasse Estates, doesn't know that that her granddaughter Lish(Alicia) and her "driver"(Lush) trashed her mansion while they stayed in it. After Qwill convinces Mrs. Carroll to turn her historic mansion into a museum, "Lish & Lush" are evicted from the house.
Gary Pratt (owner of the Hotel Booze) suggests Alicia to handle sound effect on Qwill's new one man show "The Great Storm". After Qwill hires her to research Koko's ancestry in Milwaukee, she is unable to assist with the show and is replaced by Maxine Pratt (Gary's wife and owner/operator of the marina in Brr). Alicia finds out "facts" about Koko's heritage (which are made up stories) and charges him an outrageous fee for the "research".
After the dedication of the Carroll Museum, Edythe and Qwill return to Edythe's home to discover "Lish" has burglarized the place. She stole many valuable miniature porcelain shoes her grandmother had collected. Later it is revealed that she dies in a car accident, but the porcelain shoes are all fine, because they were wrapped in thick towels and in suitcases in the car. 
In the end "Lish & Lush" are revealed as the shooters of the man in the woods. Lush visits Qwill's barn, not knowing "Lish" was killed in an accident. After revealing that he was her "shooter" and learning he would be arrested, put on trial, etc. for the crimes they committed, he ends up shooting and killing himself in Qwill's gazebo.
Koko "talks turkey" and begins attracting wild turkeys back to Moose County after a long absence.
Reception.
Peter Cannon, of Publishers Weekly, reviewed the book saying, "In spite of two murders and a pair of villains, the tale is as cozy as an hour spent cuddling your favorite cat." Ilene Cooper, of Booklist, reviewed the book saying, "Loyal readers find the series inconsistencies and idiosyncrasies charming, but even they, at times, must wish for less of Qwill and more of the cats. R. Kent Rasmussen, of Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, "As always, George Guidall's warm reading brings the characters alive and ensures that Braun's devoted listeners will welcome another visit to Moose County. No point in recommending this; if your library has "Cat Who" devotees, you must acquire it." (Rasmussen is also the author of "Mark Twain A to Z", the real-life book that Polly gives to Qwilleran in "The Cat Who Sang for the Birds".)

</doc>
<doc id="19622407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622407" title="2008 Magny-Cours Superbike World Championship round">
2008 Magny-Cours Superbike World Championship round

The 2008 Magny-Cours Superbike World Championship round was the thirteenth round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship season. It took place on the weekend of October 3-5, 2008, at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours.

</doc>
<doc id="19622411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622411" title="Mariano Balleza">
Mariano Balleza

Mariano Balleza is a town in the Mexican state of Chihuahua, close to the border with Durango. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Balleza.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the town reported a total population of 1,990.
History.
It was in this vicinity that Juan Fonte founded the first Jesuit mission to the Tarahumara in 1607, however that mission was abandoned during the Tepehuan war against the SPanish starting in 1616.
This specific settlement was founded as a Jesuit mission, with the name San Pablo Tepehuanes, in 1640, as part of the efforts to evangelise the local Tepehuan people; this was one of the earliest missions in that part of New Spain. 
In 1830 the State Congress renamed it in honour of Fr. Mariano Balleza, who fought alongside Miguel Hidalgo in the War of Independence. The town is still informally known as San Pablo Balleza.

</doc>
<doc id="19622425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622425" title="Raigamacharige Nilanjana">
Raigamacharige Nilanjana

Raigamacharige Nilanjana (born March 20, 1975) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Kalutara Town Club. He was born in Colombo.
Nilanjana made seven appearances for the team during the 1996-97 Saravanamuttu Trophy campaign, Kalutara's only season in first-class cricket. Debuting in their first match from the upper-middle order, Nilanjana was quickly placed lower down the order as he was unable to partner team-mate Saman Fonseka effectively.
At no point a frequent bowler within the team, Nilanjana bowled just nine overs in his first-class career, which stretched to seven matches of the team's thirteen, none of which ended in victory.

</doc>
<doc id="19622426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622426" title="Nilantha Tillakaratne">
Nilantha Tillakaratne

Nilantha Tillakaratne (born March 16, 1977) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. He was born in Colombo.
Tillakaratne began his career with Kalutara Town Club, making twelve appearances for the team during the 1996-97 Saravanamuttu Trophy campaign, Kalutara's only season in first-class cricket. Featuring in the upper-middle order, Tillakaratne played twelve of the team's thirteen matches in the competition, none of which ended in victory.
Tillakaratne's first-class best score, an innings of 78 against Panadura, was one of the four half-centuries that Tillakaratne made during his career.
After two seasons out of the first-class game, Tillakaratne returned to play for Antonians in the 1999-2000 season, for whom he played four matches in the Premier Championship campaign, though once again he struggled to bat from the opening order.

</doc>
<doc id="19622433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622433" title="Live at the Forum">
Live at the Forum

Live at the Forum is a two-part limited edition of Killing Joke's performance at London's Forum venue, recorded on 3 and 4 October 2008 and released mid-October 2008.
The opening night's set, documented on the "Part 1" release, was primarily dedicated to the band's first two albums, 1980's "Killing Joke" (1980) and 1981's "What's THIS For...!". The second night's set, included on the "Part 2" release, focused on 1994's "Pandemonium" and singles from the 1979–1985 era.
For this tour, Killing Joke reformed their original line-up for the first time since 1982: singer Jaz Coleman, guitarist Kevin "Geordie" Walker, bassist Martin "Youth" Glover (who had not played in the band since the recording sessions for 2003's self-titled album), and drummer Paul Ferguson (who had last played on 1986's "Brighter Than a Thousand Suns").
Each release comprises three compact discs, two of which contain the live recordings, with the third one featuring exclusive photos from the gig. Both parts are limited to pressings of 1,500 copies, and are only available at concertlive.co.uk.
Both parts were reissued in February 2009, now called The Gathering 2008. The two parts can be ordered individually or as a single limited edition box set [http://www.plastichead.com/catalogue.asp?ex=fitem&verb=F&target=EWO039BOX].
Track listing.
"All tracks written by Coleman/Ferguson/Glover/Walker, except where stated."

</doc>
<doc id="19622467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622467" title="Early Underground">
Early Underground

Early Underground is a compilation album by American electronica musician Moby. It consists of previously released tracks by Moby under other pseudonyms such as Barracuda, Brainstorm, UHF, and Voodoo Child. A similar compilation, "Instinct Dance", was released two years before by the same label.

</doc>
<doc id="19622483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622483" title="Florin Sandu">
Florin Sandu

Politehnica Timișoara.
Together with team mate Sebastian Cojocnean, he was transferred to Timișoara in late September 2007, for a fee of EUR 550.000. He was loaned out to Sportul Studențesc in the second part of the 2007-2008 season, and in 2008-2009 he was part of the group of Timișoara players who moved to Buftea. He made the debut at FC Timisoara against Sanatatea Cluj in Romanian Cup score 7-0.

</doc>
<doc id="19622507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622507" title="Sushil Nadkarni">
Sushil Nadkarni

Sushilkumar Suhas "Sushil" Nadkarni (born 31 May 1976) is an Indian born American cricketer. A left-handed batsman and off spin bowler, he has played for the United States national cricket team since 2006, and previously played for India Under-19s and played first-class and List A cricket for Maharashtra.
Biography.
Born in India in 1976, Sushil Nadkarni was considered to be one of India's most promising young players in the mid-1990s. In the 1994/95 Indian Under-19 season, he averaged 99, gaining him a place on the India Under-19 tour of Australia. He played two Tests and two ODIs on the tour. He played six times for Maharashtra the following season, but was unable to gain a regular place in the side.
After gaining good results in engineering exams, he emigrated to the United States, eventually settling in Texas. He first came to attention in the USA in the 2005 inter-state competition, when he scored 171 and 214 in successive matches.
He first played for the USA in August 2006, playing in the ICC Americas Championship in King City, Ontario. On January 2012 he was declared captain of the USA cricket team. He most recently represented his adopted country in the ICC Twenty20 Cup Qualifier 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19622535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622535" title="Sam Hunt (American football)">
Sam Hunt (American football)

Sam Hunt (born August 6, 1951 in Longview, Texas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the 15th round of the 1974 NFL Draft. He played college football at Stephen F. Austin State University.
Hunt also played for the Green Bay Packers. His younger brother Byron also played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19622541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622541" title="Princess Maria de los Dolores of Bourbon-Two Sicilies">
Princess Maria de los Dolores of Bourbon-Two Sicilies

Princess Dolores of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (15 November 1909, Madrid, Spain - 11 May 1996, Madrid, Spain) was a daughter of Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his wife Princess Louise of Orléans. Princess Dolores was born into the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and was a member of the Polish noble Czartoryski family through her marriage to Prince Augustyn Józef Czartoryski. She was also an aunt of Juan Carlos I of Spain, son of her sister Princess Maria Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Early life.
Born on 15 November 1909 at the Palace of Villamejor, Princess Dolores of Bourbon-Two Sicilies was the second child of Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his second wife Princess Louise of Orléans. She was christened Maria de los Dolores Victoria Felipa Luisa Mercedes. Princess Dolores, nicknamed Dola among his relatives, was closely related to the Spanish royal family. Her father, Prince Carlos of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, had renounced his right to the throne of Two Sicilies becoming a Spanish citizen when he married his first wife, Mercedes, Princess of Asturias, the eldest sister of King Alphonso XIII of Spain. Dolores’s mother, Princess Louise of Orléans was a first cousin once removed of the Spanish King. As a result, Dolores and her sibling grew up in close proximity to the Spanish royal family. Her cousins, the children of King Alphonso XIII and Queen Victoria Eugenie were the same age as Dolores and her younger siblings. The family lived at the Palace of Villamejor in Madrid, vacations were spent near Seville in the Palace of Villamanrique, property of her maternal grandmother, Isabelle Countess of Paris.
Princess Dolores studied with her sisters María and Esperanza in a school of Irish nuns in Madrid. Her drawing teacher was the famous painter Manuel González Santos. Dolores was twelve years old when she moved with her family to Seville when her father was appointed Military Captain General of Andalusia. The Princess and her sisters continued their studies as boarders at the school of Irish nuns in Castilleja de la Cueva in Seville. Vacations were usually spent in France with their maternal relatives. The family was very popular in Seville where they lived until April 1931 when the Second Spanish Republic forced them to exile. They moved to Cannes and later to Paris.
Marriage and later life.
In Paris, Princess Dolores met a wealthy Polish aristocrat Prince Augustyn Józef Czartoryski, 13th Prince Czartoryski, Duke of Klewan and Zuków, son of Prince Adam Ludwik Czartoryski and his wife Countess Maria Ludwika Krasińska. They were married on 12 August 1937 in Ouchy, Switzerland. The couple settled in Kraków, Poland where Dolores’s husband took over the running of the Family Museum. Their lives were disrupted with the Second World War. In September 1939 with the Invasion of Poland bombs fell on Kraków, Prince Augustyn and Princess Dolores, who was pregnant, decided to leave the country and move to Spain. In their escape, they were picked up by the Gestapo and put under arrest. It was through the intervention of the Spanish ambassador in Berlin that they were released.
After reaching Paris, Princess Dolores and her husband moved permanently to Spain. They settled in Seville where Princess Dolores gave birth to a son: Prince Adam Karol Czartoryski (born 2 January 1940). Her husband, meanwhile was very active in the Polish resistance. In 1943 the couple bought a rural property in Dos Hermanas which they called it "Garden of the Princess", the farm was self-sufficient for the subsistence of the family. The couple had a second son also born in Seville, Prince Ludwik Piotr Czartoryski (13 March 1945 - 3 May 1946), but the child died of only thirteen months.
At the end of the war, the properties of the Czartoryski family were nationalized by the Polish government and the family decided not to return to Kraków, for fear of the Soviet occupation. Prince Augustyn was in poor health, the troubles and tribulation of the war took a toll on his life and he died on 1 July 1946, aged thirty nine. The deaths of both her youngest son and her husband only two months apart in 1946 deeply affected the Princess, who was left a widow with a six year old child.
Princess Dolores continued living in in Seville, Spain. Four years into her widowhood, she fell in love with Carlos Chias Osorio (born at Barcelona 26 Feb 1925), an ex seminarist, teacher and preceptor of her son Adam. He was fifteen years her junior. They married on 29 December 1950 in Seville. Their union produced no children. Carlos Chias Osorio quickly became well liked in Dos Hermanas and in spite of the age disparity the marriage was a happy one. The couple lived in Seville until 1958. After the death of Princess Dolores mother, in April that year, they moved to Madrid. In the following decades, the princess and her husband lived in Madrid with simplicity. She died in Madrid on 11 May 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19622554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622554" title="Culpa in contrahendo">
Culpa in contrahendo

Culpa in contrahendo is a Latin expression meaning "fault in conclusion of a contract". It is an important concept in contract law for many civil law countries, which recognise a clear duty to negotiate with care, and not to lead a negotiating partner to act to his detriment before a firm contract is concluded. In German contract law, §311 BGB lists a number of steps by which an obligation to pay damages may be created.
By contrast, in English contract law, and many other common law jurisdictions, there has been stulted judicial acceptance of this concept. The doctrine of estoppel has been mooted by academics as a good model, but judges have refused to let it be a sidestep of the doctrine of consideration, saying estoppel must be a shield not a sword, and calling instead for Parliamentary intervention. On the other hand in the case of land, proprietary estoppel effectively created obligations regardless of any pre-existing contract. In the United States, however, courts have allowed promissory estoppel to function as a substitute for the consideration doctrine. This movement was stimulated by the acceptance of the concept in section 90 of the first "Restatement of Contracts".
"Culpa in Contrahendo" in German Law.
Rudolf von Jhering is credited with the development of the "culpa" doctrine. Originally, according to the prevailing interpretation of the "Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch" or German "Civil Code", there was no equivalent legal doctrine. The courts saw a gap in the legal system of the "Civil Code", and filled it with the development of "culpa in contrahendo".
Since the modernisation of the Law of Obligations in 2001, the legal doctrine is provided for by statute. (§311(2) in connection with §§280(1) and 241(2) of the "Civil Code")

</doc>
<doc id="19622555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622555" title="Alberta Solar Decathlon Project">
Alberta Solar Decathlon Project

The Alberta Solar Decathlon Project was an entry into the 2009 US DOE Solar Decathlon Competition in Washington, DC in October 2009. The team placed 6th out of the 20 teams present after an exciting week of not very great weather for solar power generation.
The Solar Decathlon is a high-profile, international competition in which twenty selected teams of university and college students from around the globe compete to design, build and operate the most attractive, practical and energy-efficient solar-powered home.
The event is primarily sponsored by the US Department of Energy and includes 10 individual contests for the students and their homes. It takes place biannually in October on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. The teams’ houses and the sponsors’ educational exhibits form a solar ‘village.’ The public, media, industry representatives and invited dignitaries tour the homes and exhibits and learn about solar energy, energy efficiency and home design.
The team.
The Alberta Solar Decathlon team is composed of Calgary’s four leading post-secondary schools: the University of Calgary, SAIT Polytechnic, Mount Royal College and the Alberta College of Art + Design.

</doc>
<doc id="19622564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622564" title="Reaper (Gunther Strauss)">
Reaper (Gunther Strauss)

The Reaper, the alias of Gunther Strauss, is a supervillain in the fictional shared universe of Marvel Comics, and an enemy of Captain America and Bucky. He first appeared in "Captain America Comics" #22 (Jan 1943), and his origin and first appearance were reprinted in full in "The Invaders" vol. 1 #10 (November, 1976).
Fictional character biography.
Gunther Strauss, a Nazi agent, was ordered by Adolf Hitler to cause a popular uprising in the United States. Acting as "the Reaper", Strauss traveled to Manhattan and claimed to be a religious prophet who had received an oracular vision. He promised to reveal the contents of this vision at a rally in Madison Square Garden, to which a huge crowd of both the faithful and simple curiosity-seekers gathered. The Reaper exhorted the crowd to abandon morality and to attack the trappings of society, to tear down the legal system and, ultimately, the federal government itself.
After the rally, the Reaper continued his ranting speeches in New York City, and more and more people were swayed by his demagoguery. There was a surge in popular unrest in the city, rioting broke out, and a few people even attempted to attack federal buildings. Captain America and Bucky intervened, but were told by the Reaper that he was legally untouchable, as he had broken no laws, his free speech being protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. Turning the tables, the Reaper actually filed a police complaint against them, for breaking and entering, which caused the police to issue a warrant for their arrest.
Regardless, Captain America appeared at the Reaper's next rally, to publicly challenge the ideas he was putting forth. The Reaper exhorted the frenzied crowd to attack Captain America, and a large portion of it moved to do so. In the scuffle, Captain America was knocked unconscious by the Reaper, who then personally led the crowd to attack New York City Hall. While this was happening, Bucky had acquired documentation that definitively proved the Reaper was an "agent provocateur" working for the Nazis, and not an American citizen. Bucky and a revived Captain America pursued the Reaper into the New York City Subway, where he was disarmed by Captain America. The Reaper attempted to flee into a subway tunnel, but fell on the electrified third rail and was killed.
Powers and abilities.
The Reaper does not appear to possess superhuman powers. He is, however, an experienced orator and demagogue, capable of whipping an audience of listeners into a frenzy. He carries a large, ordinary scythe, which he can use as a weapon. He also has a number of agents of the Nazi Party at his disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="19622576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622576" title="McDermid">
McDermid

McDermid is a Scottish surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622581" title="Motorola Marco">
Motorola Marco

The Motorola Marco was a Newton OS-based personal digital assistant from Motorola, launched in January 1995 at MacWorld. It was unique in that it included a compatible RadioMail and ARDIS network radio antenna which allowed users to check and send e-mail as well as receive and send text messages.
In 2007, Motorola dusted off the Marco moniker and used it as the name for a new cell phone line.

</doc>
<doc id="19622585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622585" title="Bruce Barth">
Bruce Barth

Bruce Barth, born September 7, 1958 in Pasadena, California, is a jazz pianist. He has played the piano since the age of five. Barth's career had included major work with ensembles, as well as solo work. Throughout his career, he has played on the Enja, Double-Time, Fresh Sound, and MAXJAZZ labels.

</doc>
<doc id="19622598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622598" title="M. Sampath">
M. Sampath

M. Sampath was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Kalutara Town Club.
Sampath made a single first-class appearance for the team during the 1996-97 Saravanamuttu Trophy campaign, Kalutara's only season in first-class cricket, against Antonians. Batting in the middle of the order, Sampath made a commendable 38 runs in the first innings, partnering Gayan Anupama and Saman Fonseka, the latter of whom finished just shy of a half century. Though Sampath did not score as highly in the second innings, the team were unable to put up a defence to the bowling of Gamini Perera, who finished the match with twelve wickets to his credit.

</doc>
<doc id="19622602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622602" title="Pashto grammar">
Pashto grammar

Pashto is a S-O-V language with split ergativity. Adjectives come before nouns. Nouns and adjectives are inflected for gender (masc./fem.), number (sing./plur.), and case (direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative). The verb system is very intricate with the following tenses: present; subjunctive; simple past; past progressive; present perfect; and past perfect. In any of the past tenses (simple past, past progressive, present perfect, past perfect), Pashto is an ergative language; i.e., transitive verbs in any of the past tenses agree with the object of the sentence. The dialects show some non-standard grammatical features, some of which are archaisms or descendants of old forms that are discarded by the literary language.
Pronouns.
Demonstrative pronouns.
دغه "daɣa" (this)
هغه "haɣa" (that)
Possessive pronouns.
Independent forms
Enclitic forms
Nouns.
Case.
Pashto inflects nouns into four grammatical cases: direct, oblique I, oblique II and vocative. The oblique I case is used as prepositional case as well as in the past tense as the subject of transitive verbs, and the oblique II case is used as ablative case.
The following table shows the declension of the masculine noun غر ("ɣar", meaning "mountain"):
The following table shows the declension of سړی ("saṛai", meaning "man"), a masculine noun with ending "ai":
The following table shows the declension of ښځه ("ṣ̌ədza", meaning "woman"), a feminine noun with ending "a":
The following table shows the declension of the feminine noun ورځ ("wradz", meaning "day"):
Gender.
There are two genders: masculine and feminine.
Number.
There are two numbers: singular and plural.
Definiteness.
There is no definite article. But when necessary, definiteness may be indicated by other means such as demonstratives. Likewise, it may be contraindicated by use of the word for "one", يو; as in "يو روغتون" - "a hospital".
Adjectives.
The adjectives agree with the nouns they modify in gender, number, and case.
Notes:
Verbs.
Present tense of يم (yəm) "to be":
Past tense of يم (yəm) "to be":
Numbers.
Cardinal Numbers
Ordinal Numbers

</doc>
<doc id="19622627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622627" title="The Venus Project">
The Venus Project

The Venus Project is an organization that advocates for what founder Jacques Fresco calls a "resource-based economy". The organization seeks to combine sustainable development, energy efficiency, natural resource management, and advanced automation within a global socioeconomic system based on social cooperation and scientific methodology. 
Based in Venus, Florida, the Venus Project is located in a 21.5-acre (8.7-hectare) facility.
History.
The Venus Project was founded in 1995 as a for-profit corporation by Jacque Fresco and Roxanne Meadows in Venus, Florida. 
A separate, nonprofit organization started by Fresco and his business partner Roxanne Meadows is Future By Design, founded in 2003.
Currently, Fresco lectures his ideas and gives tours of the Venus Project location.
Resource-based economy.
The term "resource-based economy" is used by the Venus Project to describe a hypothetical economic system in which, goods, services, and information are free. Fresco's system argues that the earth is abundant with resources and that our current practice of distributing resources through a price system method is irrelevant and counterproductive to our survival.
The Zeitgeist Movement.
The Venus Project concepts are featured as necessary alternatives for a future society in the documentary-style film '. The independently produced film premiered at the fifth annual Artivist Film Festival in Los Angeles, California on October 2, 2008. The film was made available on YouTube by Peter Joseph. Following its release, director Peter Joseph formed the Zeitgeist Movement, and advocated the Venus Project. In January 2011, a follow-up film entitled ' was released also promoting the Venus Project.
In 2011, the two groups ended their relationship and parted ways. Speaking in an interview with London Real TV, Fresco cited personal differences between himself and Joseph, as well as lack of control over their collaborative efforts. He specifically noted his concern about the Zeitgeist Movement's professed role as the "activist arm" of the Venus Project, stating that Joseph "never consulted on what the activist arm would do."

</doc>
<doc id="19622629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622629" title="John Petty">
John Petty

John Petty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622641" title="Triodos">
Triodos

Triodos might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622643" title="Paul Berliner">
Paul Berliner

Paul Berliner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622649" title="Jonathan Meyrick">
Jonathan Meyrick

Cyril Jonathan Meyrick (born 23 April 1952) is the current Bishop of Lynn and former Dean of Exeter.
Early life and education.
Meyrick was educated at Lancing College and St John’s College, Oxford. He then studied for ordination at Sarum and Wells Theological College.
Ordained ministry.
Meyrick was ordained as a deacon in 1976 and as a priest in 1977. After a curacy at Bicester he was domestic chaplain to the Bishop of Oxford from 1978 to 1981 and then a tutor in Old Testament studies at Codrington College, Barbados until 1984. He returned to the Diocese of Oxford as Team Vicar of Burnham with Dropmore, Hitcham and Taplow until 1990, when he moved to become Team Rector of Tisbury, Sarum and Wells until 1998.
While at Tisbury, he served as Rural Dean of Chalke Valley from 1997 to 1998, when he moved to become a canon residentiary at Rochester Cathedral, where he served as Canon Pastor and Acting Dean. On 21 May 2005, he was installed as Dean of Exeter, serving simultaneously ("ex officio") as Priest-in-charge of Central Exeter. He has presented a weekly feature in "The Express and Echo" under the name of "Johnny Dean".
In March 2011, it was announced that Meyrick had been appointed as Bishop of Lynn, taking over from the Rt Revd James Langstaff, Bishop of Rochester. He was consecrated as a bishop by Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury, at Westminster Abbey on 2 June 2011 and installed in Norwich Cathedral on 29 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19622672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622672" title="Lun Bawang language">
Lun Bawang language

The language spoken by the Lun Bawangs (or "Lundayeh") belongs to the Malayo-Polynesian family. The first published material written fully in the Lun Bawang language is a translation of the Bible in 1982, which is called "Bala Luk Do". A Lun Bawang–English dictionary was constructed in 1969 by the University of Washington. A dialect of the Lun Bawang language, Kemaloh Lundayeh, was recently (2006) compiled into a bilingual dictionary of Lundayeh language and English.
The Lun Bawang language is mainly an oral language. There is very little printed written material in this language that was not written by missionaries or linguists. The oral culture of the Lun Bawang people is changing though, with the accessibility of the Internet and Facebook. Putoh may be the same language.
Examples.
Lord's Prayer (Our Father).
"O Taman kai luk bang surga, dó ngadan-Mu uen ngerayeh. Idi imet-Mu uen ngaching, idi luk pian-Mu mangun bang taná kudeng bang surga. Maré nekai acho sini akan luk petap. Idi maré dó ratnan amung-amung baleh kai mepad kudeng kai pangeh nemaré ddó ratnan amung-amung baleh dulun. Idi aleg nguit nekai amé bang luk nutun, iamdó muit nekai ratnan luk dat. Amen. Ngacheku Iko luk kuan imet idi lalud idi rayeh maching ruked-ruked peh. Amen."
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us. Do not lead us into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Amen. For the kingdom, the power, and the glory, are Yours now and forever. Amen.
Phonology.
There are 6 vowels, 18 consonants and 5 diphthongs in the Lun Bawang language.

</doc>
<doc id="19622681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622681" title="One Rat Short">
One Rat Short

One Rat Short is a short digital animation, written and directed by Alex Weil. It was awarded a Best of Show award at the SIGGRAPH 2006 Computer Animation Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19622707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622707" title="Terauchi Dam">
Terauchi Dam

Terauchi Dam is a dam in the Fukuoka Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19622711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622711" title="Antti Raita">
Antti Raita

Anders "Antti" August Raita (15 November 1883 – September 1968) was a Finnish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Turku and died in St. Clair Shores, Michigan, United States.
In 1912 he was a member of the Finnish cycling team which finished fifth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="19622733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622733" title="1953–54 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain, Ireland, France and North America">
1953–54 New Zealand rugby union tour of Britain, Ireland, France and North America


</doc>
<doc id="19622734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622734" title="Ushikubi Dam">
Ushikubi Dam

Ushikubi Dam is a dam in the Fukuoka Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19622739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622739" title="Ramesh Manjula">
Ramesh Manjula

Ramesh Manjula was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Kalutara Town Club.
Manjula made a single first-class appearance for the team during the 1996-97 Saravanamuttu Trophy campaign, Kalutara's only season in first-class cricket, against Singha Sports Club. Batting from the lower order, Manjula hit six runs in the first innings in which he batted, and three runs in the second.
Manjula bowled nearly three overs in the game, conceding nine runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19622740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622740" title="Agawmeder">
Agawmeder

Agawmeder was a historical state and region in the northwestern part of Ethiopia. Its most likely etymology is from "Agew" (Ge'ez, አገው Agaw), a people living in the area, plus "meder" (land), thus meaning "Land of the Agaw". The western neighbor of Gojjam, it was located where the Agew Awi Zone now lies.
History.
Not much is known about Agawmeder, as much of is existence was marked by Ethiopian isolation from the remainder of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19622773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622773" title="Army of God">
Army of God

Army of God may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19622794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622794" title="Beryl (given name)">
Beryl (given name)

Beryl is a given name which is deemed unisex due to occasional American usage as a male name, as such probably a variant spelling of the surname Burrell whose seeming root is the Old French "bovre" a reddish-brown woolen fabric with the resultant name denoting a worker in the wool trade; Beryl may also be a variant spelling of the Yiddish (Judeo-German) male name Berel.
Overwhelmingly the name Beryl has been borne by females being a jewel name with reference to the mineral beryl. Like most jewel names, Beryl's use as a female name dates from the late 19th century: dancer Beryl de Zoete and actress Beryl Mercer would have been among the earliest namesakes being born respectively in 1879 and 1882. The female name Beryl was always more popular in the British Isles than in North America; since the mid-20th century the name has become somewhat unfashionable in the British Isles while its North American usage has grown peripheral.
Males named Beryl.
Males named Beryl include:
Females named Beryl.
Females named Beryl include:

</doc>
<doc id="19622799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622799" title="2000 Chevrolet Cup – Singles">
2000 Chevrolet Cup – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten won the title, defeating Mariano Puerta 7–6(7–3), 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19622845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622845" title="Asahi Dam (Gifu)">
Asahi Dam (Gifu)

Asahi Dam is a dam built on the class 1 Hida River (part of the Kiso River water system), located in Takayama, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The large-scale hydroelectricity-generating dam is managed directly by Chubu Electric Power, Co., and was built as part of the first step of a consistent development plan for the Hida River basin. It is an 87.0-meter-tall concrete gravity dam, and the first high dam on the Hida River. Akigami Dam on the Akigami River was constructed at the same time; they both create water reservoirs which, when used effectively, allow for stable, fortified hydroelectric power via generation stations at the downstream Hida River area, even in times of drought. The artificial lake created by Asahi Dam is Asahi Reservoir.
History.
Until project completion.
A large part of the Hida River basin consists of tight gorges formed by the Nakayama Shichiri Valley and the Hisui Ravine, which increase the speed of the water flow; the area also overlaps with the Hida and the rainy Kiso mountain ranges, providing the area with an abundance of water. This makes hydroelectricity production on the river advantageous, and during the Taishō period in the early 20th century, plans for hydroelectricity generation were lauded as part of the driving forces behind the country’s wealth and prosperity.
Two electric companies were working simultaneously on the Hida River: In 1919, electric companies in the Kansai region merged to create the Nihon Denryoku power company, and work began on hydroelectricity generation along the upstream Hida River; three years later in 1922, the Gifu Electric power company and other power companies in the Tōkai region merged into Tōhō Electric under the leadership of Matsunaga Yasuzaemon, and began hydroelectricity production on the Hida River’s midstream and downstream areas. The two companies continued development in the region along the same river, taking care to avoid interfering with each other’s plans, and proceeding to build hydroelectricity generation plants at Seto, Nagura, Hichisou and Kami-asō, as well as Kami-asō Dam, Ōfunato Dam, Shimohara Dam and Nishimura Dam.
However, entering the Shōwa period and following the Manchurian Incident, Professor Mononobe Nagaho of Tokyo Imperial University (now the University of Tokyo) leveraged his concurrent position as public works testing lab manager for the Home Ministry to forward the “Comprehensive River Development Project”, which put the government in direct control of planning for flood prevention and water utilization, a move thought beneficial during wartime and approved by the military, bureaucrats and those at the Ministry of Post and Telecommunications. In response, in 1939 the 73rd Imperial Diet passed the Energy Management Act and the Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company Act, and that same year the Electricity Authority (founded as a management authority) and Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company (a trust) were born. All hydroelectricity generation operations on the Hida River, current and under-construction, were absorbed by Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company.
That same year, the Shōwa 1939 Long-term Electric Project called for 1.8 million kW of hydroelectric power generation for the nation, and to meet that goal, construction plans were formed for several large-scale hydroelectricity generation plants across the country. The Kiso River water system saw plans for Miura Dam on the Ōtakigawa River and Maruyama Dam on the Kiso River; the Hida River was eyed for the construction of a large-scale dam/hydroelectricity generation plant in Ōno District’s Asahi Village (now known as Takayama City, in Gifu Prefecture) at Teradzuki. This laid the groundwork for the creation of Asahi Dam, and surveying began in 1942. However, the state of the Pacific War continued to deteriorate for Japan, and in 1944, war crisis-aversion guidelines called for all available materials and resources to go toward the war effort; construction plans for Asahi Dam were therefore forcefully postponed.
Continuation under Chubu Electric Power.
After Japan’s defeat in the Pacific War, the country’s electric facilities were operating at only 60% of their normal output due to accidents related to overuse and damage from air raids; at the same time, home electricity usage—which had been under restriction due to the war—rapidly increased and outpaced supply. The result was a massive shortage of electricity. The administration in charge of electricity administration at the time—the Electricity Department of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry (now the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry)—took to pouring a large amount of effort into spurring hydroelectricity production in the hopes of alleviating the crisis. Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company recommenced its survey of Asahi Dam in January, 1946, and in July, 1949, gained permission from the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers (the GHQ, General Headquarters) to begin full-scale construction.
However, while plans for Asahi Dam moved forward, Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company was being scrutinized by the GHQ for “monopolistic capital” violations under the Economic Decentralization Act, and in 1948 was singled out under that legislation. The government and Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company protested, arguing that Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company should maintain its current structure. The GHQ disagreed, insisting on the breakup of the company and pressing the government to adopt what the electric industry reorganization committee at the time put forth as the “nine-area partition plan”. That plan was drawn up by Matsunaga Yasuzaemon, former head of Tōhō Electric and a figure deeply involved in the expansion of electricity generation along the Hida River.
Development of Asahi Dam was put on hold until the disagreement with the GHQ could be reconciled, and until the nine-area partition plan was put into effect, the GHQ refused to permit any other activities by Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company. The government’s plans for early-stage promotion of electric power development were jeopardized, and bowing to pressure, drafted the Electric Industry Reorganization Order, going public with it in January, 1951. Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company would be split up into nine different privatized electric companies nationwide. Along the Kiso River water system, Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. assumed control of Daidō Electric Power Co.’s old territories, while Chubu Electric Power took those of Tōhō Electric; both companies vied contentiously over water rights. Government arbitration became necessary, and it was decided that the previous Nihon Denryoku power company’s hydroelectricity generation facilities along the Hida River would all go to Chubu Electric Power, also giving them all water rights along the Hida River.
Chubu Electric Power followed up with a project for the entire Hida River basin, dubbed the “Integrated Watershed Development Plan”. The Hida River’s main river and tributaries would see the development of multiple hydroelectricity-generation dams as the company followed through with plans to maximize the usage of water power resources in the area. Asahi Dam and Akigami Dam were designated as the first part of that project, and the company proceeded with construction preparations.
Compensation.
At the time construction began on Asahi Dam, there were no special compensation plans for affected residents—like the Act on Special Measures concerning Measures Related to Water Resources Areas, or the Three Power Source Development Laws that exist today—and any compensation plans were largely dependant on businesses negotiating invididual contracts with the government. Asahi Dam and Akigami Dam were bundled together as one project, and construction couldn’t start until compensation negotiations for both the Hida River basin and the Akigami River basin were finalized. Asahi Dam was originally designed to be 72 meters tall, but in 1951 that figure was revised to 87 meters; in Ōno District’s Takane Village (which became Takayama City’s Takane City) in Gifu Prefecture, an additional 33 residences would be submerged as a result of the height increase, which drew unanimous protests from residents there. Land brokers also raised the prices on all the affected land.
Negotiations that began in August, 1948 continued until the dam was almost completed in autumn of 1953, and during those 5 years, Chubu Electric Power set standard compensation values for each residence based on valuations from fixed-asset taxes, and used those valuations as the basis for negotiations. Concurrently, compensation was paid to farmers in Takane Village, known for its warabi (bracken) powder production. Negotiations were completed with all residents, also owing largely to movement allowance programs under which residents received land and housing of roughly equal value to what they would lose. Compensation, movement allowances and land purchases were also approved for those whose houses would not be submerged, but whose livelihoods would nevertheless be adversely affected by the creation of the dam.
Residents of the affected areas, including those in certain areas of Takayama City, Kiyomi Village (currently Takayama City) in Ōno District, Kō City (currently Hida City) in Yoshiki District, Takasu Village (currently Gujō City) in Gujō District and Hirukawa Village (currently Ena City) in Ena District all left the area. Residents thus gave up their homes for the continuation of the Hida River Integrated Watershed Development Plan.
Purpose
After work had begun on Asahi Dam, the governmental cabinet-level Economic Stabilization Board came up with the Kiso Regional Comprehensive Development Plan and the Kiso River Drainage Basin Planning Program, which called for changes in Asahi Dam’s planned purpose. At the time, Japan’s rivers had been poorly maintained due to factors like deforestation and the diversion of resources for the war, and the yearly water damage that Japan sustained along with shortages in food and electricity were combining to prohibit economic recovery. In 1949, the Economic Stabilization Board came up with flood control and flood regulation plans to increase safety along the Kiso River water system, based on the “River Improvement Plan”. After the passage of the 1950 Comprehensive National Land Development Act, they followed up with the Kiso Regional Comprehensive Development Plan, which was focused on flood prevention, agricultural irrigation and hydroelectricity generation.
The plans called for giving priority to “multi-purpose dams” along the Kiso River, Nagara River, Ibi River and Hida River. The construction plans for Maruyama Dam along the Kiso River that Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. had taken over after the breakup of Japan Electric Generation and Transmission Company were thus altered to make it a multi-purpose dam, ordered by the Ministry of Construction’s Chūbu Regional Development Bureau (now the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism). Likewise, Chūbu Electric Power’s construction plans for Asahi Dam were altered on recommendation from the Ministry of Construction’s Chūbu Regional Development Bureau to create a multi-purpose dam. Updated plans raised height of the dam to 92.0 meters, increased the gross reservoir capacity by more than 9 million tons to 34,400,000 tons, and also lowered the electrical generation capabilities to 19,000 kilowatts, reapportioning some storage water for flood control and irrigation along the Nōbi Plain.
However, this plan did not factor in Akigami Dam, and ran counter to the underlying idea of the Hida River Integrated Watershed Development Plan. Plans were once again redrawn, abandoning the multi-purposing of Asahi Dam and reverting to original plans of building the dam solely for hydroelectricity generation. In December 1953, Asahi Dam and Akigami Dam were completed, and Asahi Power Plant began operation. Ten years had passed since the plan’s inception, and seven years since the plan was announced. The average temperature during the winter in the area at which the dam is located is −10 °C, which among other things made laying concrete difficult; 27 workers died due to work-related injuries during construction of the dam. This made Asahi Dam the deadliest of all the projects under the Hida River Integrated Watershed Development Plan. A 16-kilometer large-scale cable ropeway constructed to transport supplies to the construction site was reused by Hokuriku Electric Power Company in the construction of Arimine Dam on the Wada River (along the Jyōganji River water system) in Toyama City, Toyama Prefecture, and again reused by Tokyo Electric Power Company, Inc. in the construction of Nagawado Dam on the Sai River in Matsumoto City, Nagano Prefecture.
Asahi Dam normally generates 6,700 kilowatts, up to a maximum of 20,500 kilowatts, via the downstream Asahi Power Plant. Asahi Dam’s water storage and the Akigami Dam reservoir work in concert so that during the dry summer and winter seasons a stable supply of water is sent downstream to other hydroelectricity generation plants, generating 119,420,000 kilowatts per year. Asahi Dam’s primary purpose is hydroelectricity generation, and the water that goes through it normally isn’t used for agricultural irrigation or tap water, but it is used at times to meet water requirements in the Tōkai area, which sees frequent droughts. From May to June 1967 during a drought termed a “rainless rainy season”, Chūbu Electric Power—receiving a request from the Ministry of Construction—worked with Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. to divert water from Asahi Dam and other dams and discharge dam water as an emergency measure for providing agricultural irrigation and tap water. Naturally, this lowers the electricity output of the dam, and is normally not done. As a more recent example of this kind of reapportioning, in 2005, drought conditions along the Yoshino River lowered water supply in Shikoku and emptied Sameura Dam, leading Shikoku Electric Power Co., Inc. to take similar measures.
Asahi Dam’s turbid water problems.
Issues between the construction and administration of Asahi Dam and the local fishing industry were unavoidable. When construction began, the Mashita River Japan Fisheries Cooperative held fishing rights along part of the Hida River, which was previously known as Mashita River upward from the point (Gero City in Kanayama) where it combines with the Maze River. In 1964, under the River Act, the river was renamed the Hida River in all territories that it flows through, which deprived the Japan Fisheries Cooperative of some of its fishing rights. The cooperative was fiercely opposed to the change. They eventually settled for a combination of 12,880,000 yen and the coverage of fees for the construction of a trout breeding facility.
In July 1965, heavy rainfall caused the Hida River water level to rise, and water discharged from Asahi Dam caused long-term water turbidity along the Hida River, heavily affecting the fishing industry. The construction of Takane Dam #1 at the highest reaches of the Hida River, combined with the presence of Asahi Dam, created major problems for and drew the opposition of the Mashita River Japan Fisheries Cooperative. Demanding a quick fix to the turbidity problem, they took a hardline-stance by withdrawing all support for future hydroelectricity generation projects along the Hida River. Following the Hida River bus accident of 1967 (in which two buses fell into the river, killing 104), the turbidity of the river made search and rescue operations difficult; the Mashita River Japan Fisheries Cooperative pointed to Asahi Dam as one of the causes of the turbidity, raising the issue with mass media and creating more social awareness of it.
Chūbu Electric Power resorted to building a surface water intake facility at Asahi Reservoir. The facility selectively takes in water from the relatively clear water at the upper layer of the reservoir, and by discharging it, lowers the turbidity of the water downstream; such facilities are used at many dam lakes. This response brought the fishing cooperative back to the negotiation tables, but issues of compensation went unresolved, leading the fishing cooperative to first take legal measures to block the production of concrete aggregate used in the construction of the dam, and then declare their intention to use force to block further construction of Takane Dam#1.
In reaction to the fishing cooperative’s declarations, Gifu Prefecture stepped in as mediator between the cooperative and Chubu Electric Power, eventually securing a 4,000,000 yen “Asahi Dam Turbidity Compensation” payment that would be added to the original compensation package paid to the cooperative for the construction of Takane Dam#1, bringing the issue to a close.
Access.
Asahi Dam can be accessed from Nagoya or the city of Gifu by exiting the Tōkai-Hokuriku Expressway at the Hida-Kiyomi Interchange and traveling along Route 158 to Takayama City, proceeding to Route 41 toward Gero Hot Springs, going through the center of the former town of Kuguno to enter Route 361 (the Kiso Highway) and going straight. After passing the Hida-Asahi Village roadside station, transfer to the road along the Hida River from the national highway at Asai in the town of Kuguno, and after passing Kuguno Dam, Asahi Dam can be seen on the right after entering Teradzuki. Continue along that road to reach the Asahi Dam management office. The road to the dam’s electricity generation plant is also along this route, but it is closed to the public.
Previously, a road along Asahi Dam was accessible from Route 361, but rockslides and other dangerous bottlenecks along the road led to the creation of the Akigami Bypass along Akigami Dam, which can be used to access Takane, the town of Kisofukushima, the Nomugi Pass and Matsumoto City. However, Asahi Dam itself is not accessible from the bypass that straddles the reservoir. Several other dams are located around Asahi Dam, including Akigami Dam, Takane Dam#1, Takane Dam#2, and Kuguno Dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19622850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622850" title="Hans Peder Johansen Hafslund">
Hans Peder Johansen Hafslund

Hans Peder Johansen Hafslund (1815 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1859, representing the constituency of Sarpsborg. He worked as a baker in that city. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19622889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622889" title="Hans Olsen Hafsrød">
Hans Olsen Hafsrød

Hans Olsen Hafsrød (15 August 1783 – 23 May 1835) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Laurviks Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19622937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622937" title="Charenza">
Charenza

Charenza, also Karentia or Karenz, later also Gharense, was a medieval, "Slavic burgwall" on the island of Rügen in the Baltic Sea. It was the administrative centre of the Rani tribe and of the Principality of Rugia. Today, the remnants are called Venz Castle (German: "Venzer Burgwall").
Name.
The name Charenza (also spelt "Karentia" or "Karenz") may be derived from an old personal name, "Chareta", or from the Rani word for "root", "Koreta". In its original form, the name was "Korenitza".
Temples.
Charenza was not only the administrative hub of the Rani tribe, but also a religious centre with the temples of Rugievit, Porevit and Porenut. The main religious centre of the Rani, however, was Arkona on Wittow.
Danish conquest.
In 1168, King Valdemar I of Denmark and his archbishop Absalon captured Arkona. Charenza surrendered a few days later after negotiations with the Rugian princes Tetzlav and Jaromar I. The temples were destroyed, the princes agreed to become Danish vassals and the population adopted the Christian faith. In 1180, the administrative centre of the Principality of Rugia was moved to Rugard (today Bergen auf Rügen, just a few kilometres to the southeast). 
Records.
In the 12th century, Charenza was mentioned by Saxo Grammaticus and Helmold von Bosau.
The last records are from the early 13th century. When the Danish king raised money to build 12 churches on Rügen, one of them was the "capelle nostre in Charenz", which in 1232 was granted the village of Gagern as a fief. In 1234, when the Rugian prince Vitslav I granted Lübeck law to Stralsund, the document was signed in Charenza. The last record mentioning Charenza was in 1237. In the 14th century, "Gharense" was mentioned as belonging to the parish of Gingst.
Coordinates.
Older research located Charenza at Garz (), while newer studies locate Charenza near Venz (Trent community, ), the supposed site of Gharense, which also fits the hints given in the "Gesta Danorum" of Saxo Grammaticus for Charenza's location.

</doc>
<doc id="19622965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622965" title="Hill of Aldie">
Hill of Aldie

The Hill of Aldie is an elevated landform in the east of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Nearby is the prehistoric monument Catto Long Barrow.

</doc>
<doc id="19622971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622971" title="Katie Rolfsen">
Katie Rolfsen

Katie Rolfsen (10 November 1902 – 22 September 1966) was a Swedish film actress. She appeared in 25 films between 1925 and 1965. She was born in Oslo, Norway and died in Rådmansö, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19622975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622975" title="San Nicolás de Carretas">
San Nicolás de Carretas

San Nicolás de Carretas is a town in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Gran Morelos.
San Nicolás de Carretas was founded as a Franciscan mission in 1688.

</doc>
<doc id="19622992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622992" title="Penn Street (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Penn Street (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Penn Street is a stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley in Clifton Heights, Pennsylvania. It is officially located near Penn Street & Broadway(Avenue), although the actual location on Penn Street is halfway between Broadway & Berkley Avenues. Because the station runs through a residential neighborhood, no parking is available.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. The tracks cross all three of the streets mentioned above. They run directly south before curving to the southwest as they cross the intersection of Broadway Avenue and Ogden Street. At Penn Street itself, there are two platforms, one on the northeast corner of the crossing, and another on the southwest corner of the crossing. The southwest platform runs in front of a small children's playground on the northwest corner of Penn Street and Berkley Avenue, and contains a small open acrylic glass shelter. The tracks cross Berkley Avenue east of the intersection of a cul-de-sac, before leaving the right-of-way to run along Springfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19622993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19622993" title="Hans Jensen Haga">
Hans Jensen Haga

Hans Jensen Haga (1845 - 1924) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing Akershus Amt. He was re-elected on four consecutive occasions. He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19623000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623000" title="American National Exhibition">
American National Exhibition

The American National Exhibition was held in Sokol'niki Park, Moscow in the summer of 1959.
Objectives.
The exhibit was sponsored by the American government, and it followed a similar Soviet Exhibit in New York City earlier that year. It featured many displays of the latest "home appliances, fashions, television and hi-fi sets, a model house priced to sell an 'average' family, farm equipment, 1959 automobiles, boats, sporting equipment and a children’s playground, this exhibit was intended to narrow the gap between the Americans and the Soviets and improve the political relations between them. However, the "exhibition was also a tool of cultural diplomacy against the Soviet Communist Regime" as the American politicians wanted to demonstrate the advantages of capitalism to the Soviets. This is evident in Vice President Richard Nixon’s speech on the opening night of the Exhibition on July 24, 1959 as he congratulated USSR’s Premier Nikita Khrushchev and the Soviets on their advances in astronomy and rocket science, but quickly returned to focus on the United States' strong points, especially the concept of freedom.
The various displays of the exhibit were all successful in promoting the American way of life as superior to the Communist regime and lifestyle. For instance, the model of the modern kitchen was a great attraction for most visitors and even sparked the infamous "Kitchen Debate."
A multi-screen film was presented, "Glimpses of the USA" by Charles and Ray Eames.
Controversies.
Controversy ensued within the U.S. State Department concerning certain American artists whose works were to be displayed in the Exhibit. Considering the fact that some of the artists had been linked to communist activities, "a few right-wing publicists and legislators claimed that communist sympathizers were undermining the reputation of the United States." After an investigation of each of these painters and sculptors, Francis Walter, Chairman of the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC), revealed that thirty-four of the sixty-seven featured artists had been involved in some Communist organization. The Committee was prepared to remove these works from the Exhibit altogether, yet President Dwight Eisenhower intervened and allowed for them to be displayed as were originally planned. In order to appease the conservatives, he also decided to add several paintings, which dated back to the eighteenth century, to Moscow.
Splitnik.
In 1959, the vice president of the Housing and Home Components department at Loewy/Snaith, Andrew Geller was the design supervisor for the exhibition, the "Typical American House," built at the American National Exhibition. The exhibition home largely replicated a home previously built at 398 Townline Road in Commack, New York, which had been originally designed by Stanley H. Klein for a Long Island-based firm, All-State Properties, headed by developer Herbert Sadkin. To accommodate visitors to the exhibition, Sadkin hired Loewy's office to modify Klein's floor plan. Geller supervised the work, which "split" the house, creating its nickname, "Splitnik," and a way for large numbers of visitors to tour the small house.
Subsequently, Richard Nixon (then Vice President) and Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev on July 24, 1959 began what became known as the Kitchen Debate — a debate over the merits of capitalism vs. socialism, with Khrushchev saying Americans could not afford the luxury represented by the "Typical American House". Tass, the Soviet news agency said: ""There is no more truth in showing this as the typical home of the American worker than, say, in showing the Taj Mahal as the typical home of a Bombay textile worker.""
American Exhibit.
The "American National Exhibition" was the first exhibition of a series of travelling exhibitions American Exhibits from the Embassy of the United States in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19623005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623005" title="Paul Berliner (trader)">
Paul Berliner (trader)

Paul S. Berliner Was simultaneously charged/settled with (in April 2008) by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for allegedly spreading a rumor designed to lower the stock price of Alliance Data Systems Berliner allegedly had sold short borrowed stock of Alliance Data Systems, hoping to profit by repurchasing the stock once the price fell. He settled the charges without admitting or denying any wrongdoing by disgorging profits, paying a fine, and agreeing to a permanent bar from associating with any broker or dealer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19623008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623008" title="Anita Daher">
Anita Daher

Anita Daher is a Canadian writer of juvenile and teen books. She has said she draws writing inspiration from the many places where she has spent time, including Summerside, Prince Edward Island; Yellowknife, NT; Churchill, Manitoba; Baker Lake, Nunavut and Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. Since 1995 she has been entrenched in the book publishing industry writing books, articles and reviews, and leading workshops and presentations. She has worked on occasion as marketing director, editor, and radio broadcaster, and is currently associate teen book editor at Great Plains Publications. When she is not working with books she enjoys playing her guitar, and riding her horse. Daher divides her time between Winnipeg, Manitoba, and a small Francophone community in Manitoba's cottage country. 

</doc>
<doc id="19623014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623014" title="Lazar Lemić">
Lazar Lemić

Lazar Lemić (, born 20 September 1937) is a former football player. He capped twice for Yugoslavia.
At club level, he played with RFK Novi Sad and FK Željezničar Sarajevo in Yugoslavia, and Fenerbahçe S.K. in Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="19623024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623024" title="Axel Otto Kristian Hagemann">
Axel Otto Kristian Hagemann

Axel Otto Christian Hagemann (1856–1907) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1895, representing the constituency of Finmarkens Amt. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19623037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623037" title="'Tis the Season (Vince Gill and Olivia Newton-John album)">
'Tis the Season (Vince Gill and Olivia Newton-John album)

'Tis the Season is a christmas album by American singer Vince Gill and Australian singer Olivia Newton-John, released in the 2000 christmas season by Hallmark Entertainment. This is Newton-John's first christmas album, and Gill's third. '"Tis the Season" is a collection of classical christmas songs and has two duets between Gill and Newton-John, as well solo songs by the singers, and two songs by special guests, The Bradford Singers. The instrumentation was orchestred by London Symphony Orchestra.
The album only had a limited release on Hallmark Cards stores. Due "Billboard" 200 rules at time, it didn't reach any chart. '"Tis the Season" wasn't released internationally, but Newton-John album tracks were released on "The Christmas Collection" compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="19623040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623040" title="Kaloyan (sebastocrator)">
Kaloyan (sebastocrator)

Kaloyan (; Old Bulgarian: КАЛѠѢНѢ) was a 13th-century Bulgarian noble, "sebastocrator" of Sredets (Sofia) and the surrounding region during the Asen dynasty of the Second Bulgarian Empire.
Kaloyan may have been the grandson of Tsar Ivan Asen I (1189–1196) from his younger son sebastocrator Alexander, as he is mentioned as a cousin of Tsar Constantine Tih (1257–1277); however, his relation to the royal family may have been merely titular. Kaloyan was an opponent of Tsar Michael Asen I's (1246–1256) pro-Byzantine policy and took part in the plot against him.
Sebastocrator Kaloyan is mainly known as the main donor of the Boyana Church, a medieval Eastern Orthodox church in Boyana, Sofia. An inscription from 1259 in the church describes Kaloyan's role in its construction; he is also referred to as a grandson of the Serbian king Saint Stephen. The church also features donor portraits of Kaloyan and his wife Desislava.
It has been theorized that Kaloyan reconstructed Roman Emperor Constantine I's palace in Sofia and used it as his city residence. Two other small churches in Sofia, St Petka the Old and St Nicholas, have also been attributed to his donorship.
Honours.
Desislava Cove on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica is named after Kaloyan's wife Desislava.

</doc>
<doc id="19623052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623052" title="Kamiōsu Dam">
Kamiōsu Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623057" title="Jens Andersen Hagen">
Jens Andersen Hagen

Jens Andersen Hagen (1832 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1886, representing the constituency of "Kristiania, Hønefoss og Kongsvinger". He only served one term. He worked as a tanner.

</doc>
<doc id="19623070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623070" title="Tendentious">
Tendentious


</doc>
<doc id="19623074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623074" title="St. Joseph's Seminary (Callicoon, New York)">
St. Joseph's Seminary (Callicoon, New York)

St. Joseph's Seraphic Seminary in Callicoon, New York, was located on the west side of Seminary Road in that town. A Romanesque part of the seminary was built in 1904. A historic district including church and agricultural buildings was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. 
St. Joseph's was a minor seminary of the Holy Name Province of the Order of Friars Minor (OFM), the original Franciscan order of priests and brothers founded by St. Francis of Assisi. The Holy Name province covered the eastern states from Maine to Florida. Students entered St. Joseph's in the 9th grade and remained until the completion of two years of college. The curriculum was classical, with Greek and Latin as core subjects. Upon completion of the six-year program at Callicoon, the seminarians would advance to other venues to continue their study for the Roman Catholic priesthood. Universities operated by the Franciscans of the Holy Name Province included St. Bonaventure University and Siena College.

</doc>
<doc id="19623078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623078" title="Manhattan Marriage Bureau">
Manhattan Marriage Bureau

The Marriage Bureau is a set of offices located in the Manhattan Municipal Building near City Hall in lower Manhattan. It is the site of more marriages than any other venue in the United States.
Since 1930 over 1.2 million people have been wed at the Marriage Bureau. Between 2000 and 2007 an average of 58 couples a day were married here. In 2007, more than 16,000 couples wedded at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau.
Mayor Rudy Giuliani often performed weddings at the Marriage Bureau in person.
New venue.
In 2008 Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced that the Bureau would soon move to new quarters in order to provide a more dignified setting for the marriages of New Yorkers, and in the hope of attracting couples who might otherwise travel to Las Vegas to be married to travel instead to Manhattan, boosting New York's tourist industry.
The new Marriage Bureau opened on January 12, 2009 in an 1920's Art Deco building on the ground floor at 141 Worth Street (corner of Centre Street and Worth Street) that was formerly occupied by a Department of Motor Vehicles office. The space of was decorated by interior designer Jamie Drake who decorated Gracie Mansion and Mayor Bloomberg's private residence. The project cost is $12 million.
The facilities contain two separate wedding chapels off the building’s central rotunda. In the east chapel, the sofa and walls feature apricot and peach colors; the west chapel is done in purple and lavender. Each chapel has an abstract painting that matches the walls and hangs next to the lectern from where the clerk performs the ceremonies.
A marriage license in New York costs $35, and the fee to have the wedding performed at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau is $25. These fees now can be paid by credit card.
Fictional Marriage Bureau weddings.
Michael Patrick Flaherty the character played by Michael J. Fox on the American sitcom "Spin City" is married at the Marriage Bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="19623081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623081" title="Johan Leonard Hagen">
Johan Leonard Hagen

Johan Leonard Hagen (1849 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1892, representing the constituency of Tromsø Amt. He only served one term. He worked as a telegrapher.

</doc>
<doc id="19623084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623084" title="Brodie Greer">
Brodie Greer

Brodie Greer (born October 26, 1949 in Santa Monica, California) is an American actor, best known for his role as Officer Barry "Bear" Baricza on "CHiPs". Greer appeared in 53 episodes between 1977 and 1982. He also reprised his role in the reunion special "CHiPs '99".
Greer currently works as a real estate sales associate at Coldwell Banker in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19623088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623088" title="HMS Furieuse (1809)">
HMS Furieuse (1809)

Furieuse was a 38-gun frigate of the French Navy. The Royal Navy captured her in 1809 and took her into service as the fifth rate HMS "Furieuse". She spent most of her British career in the Mediterranean, though towards the end of the War of 1812 she served briefly on the North American station. She was laid up in 1815 and sold for breaking up in 1816.
French career and capture.
"Furieuse" was built at Cherbourg in 1795 to a design by Pierre-Alexandre Forfait. She began as a but was completed as a .
By 1809 "Furieuse" was in the Caribbean, having escaped from Îles des Saintes on 1 April. She left Basse Terre 14 June, carrying sugar and coffee to France, and under the command of Lieutenant Gabriel-Etienne-Louis Le Marant Kerdaniel. She was capable of carrying 48 guns, but was armed en flûte, carrying only 20 at the time of her capture, 12 of which were carrondades. She had a large crew, with 200 sailors, 40 soldiers and a detachment of troops from the 66th regiment of the line. On her voyage to France she came across a large English merchant vessel on 5 July. "Furieuse" was in the process of taking possession of the merchantman when the 20-gun sloop , commanded by Commander William Mounsey, came upon the scene.
"Bonne Citoyenne" was returning to a convoy she was escorting in company with , under Captain Brown, but on seeing what was happening, Mounsey sailed to intervene. As "Bonne Citoyenne" approached, "Furieuse" abandoned her prize and began to flee northwards. Emboldened, Mounsey set off in pursuit; after an 18 hour chase "Bonne Citoyenne" had closed the range and brought "Furieuse" to battle.
The two ships exchanged broadsides for the next seven hours. "Bonne Citoyenne" was at a disadvantage early on. Not only was she much smaller, but three of her guns were quickly dismounted. She nevertheless fired 129 broadsides to the enemy's 70, with Mounsey alternating between the starboard and larboard sides as circumstances permitted. By the end of the battle "Bonne Citoyenne" had lost her top masts, her lower masts were badly damaged, and her rigging, sails and boats had been shot to pieces. Realizing that he was running out of powder, Mounsey decided to force the issue and prepared to board the French ship. Before he could do so, "Furieuse" surrendered and Mounsey took possession.
"Furieuse" had suffered heavy damage, with her masts shot away and five feet of water in the hold. She had also suffered 35 killed and 37 wounded. In contrast, "Bonne Citoyenne" had just one man killed and five wounded. Mounsey received a gold medal and promotion to post captain, back-dated to the day of the action, for his victory. Lieutenant Joseph Symes, First lieutenant of "Bonne Citoyenne", received promotion to Commander, effective two years after his having attained the rank of Lieutenant, which had occurred on 13 March 1808. A number of other officers and crew also received promotions. In 1847 the Admiralty issued the NGSM with clasp "Bonne Citoyenne Wh. Furieuse" to all surviving claimants from "Bonne Cityonne".
British career.
"Bonne Citoyenne" towed "Furieuse" into Halifax, where both were repaired. The Royal Navy commissioned the captured frigate as HMS "Furieuse" and appointed John Simpson to sail her to Britain. Captain Brown of "Inflexible" sued for the prize money for "Furieuse" to be shared by the two British warships. However, the Vice admiralty court in Halifax ruled that the prize belonged to "Bonne Citoyenne" alone, with the judgement being upheld by the Court of Appeal in 1811.
On her arrival "Furieuse" underwent a more thorough repair. After the repairs she was commissioned in November 1811 under William Mounsey.
"Furieuse" was initially employed in escorting a convoy to the Mediterranean, after which she joined the fleet blockading Toulon under Admiral Edward Pellew. The French fleet sailed out in May 1812, consisting of 12 sail of the line and seven frigates, of which one ship of the line and two frigates began to chase the British inshore squadron, consisting of "Furieuse", the frigates and , and the brig . The French gave up the chase when the British made clear their intention to fight.
On 9 November 1812 "Furieuse" captured the French privateer "Nebrophonus", off Veutiliceo, after a chase of two hours. She was armed with four guns and had a crew of 54 men. She was 34 days out of Naples and had not made any captures. The day before she had escaped from and "Unite". "Unite" was in sight when "Furieuse" captured "Nebrophonus". On 24 November "Furieuse" captured the French schooner "Fortuna". In October 1815 prize money was paid for "Nebrophonus" and "Fortuna".
Then on 1 January 1813 "Fureuse" captured the privateer "Argus" off Montecristo. "Argus" was pierced for 12 guns but carried only four 12-pounders. She had a crew of 85 men and was eight days out of Leghorn without having captured anything.
In February 1813 Mounsey supported Charles John Napier in in the capture of the island of Ponza. They landed troops on 26 February, after passing through fire from shore batteries. Neither vessel, nor the troops they brought with them, suffered any casualties. The capture of the harbour provided an anchorage and fresh water for Royal Navy ships patrolling the coast.
On 7 May boats from "Furieuse" captured the French xebec "Conception" of two 6-pounder guns. The boats cut her out from under the tower and batteries of Orbisello and towed her out to sea under heavy fire. "Fureiuse" lost four men wounded in this operation.
On 4 October a convoy was sighted in the bay of Santa Marinella, a few miles east of Civitavecchia. Although two gunboats and a shore battery of two long 24-pounder guns protected the convoy, Mounsey decided to launch a cutting out expedition. "Furieuse" landed her Marines who, together with the boat crews, stormed and captured a fort while "Furieuse" used her guns to provide covering fire. The enemy retreated to a nearby castle and continued to pour small arms fire on the landing party. Still, the British were able to sink the two gunboats and bring out 16 merchant ships. "Furieuse" kept up a steady fire, preventing reinforcements from Civitavecchia from intervening. The landing party lost two men killed and 10 wounded in the operation.
For the rest of 1813 "Furieuse" formed part of Admiral Sir Josias Rowley's squadron. She was present at the capture of Viareggio and the unsuccessful assault on Livorno in December. In early March 1814, still with Rowley, "Furieuse" assisted in the occupation of La Spezia and the surrounding areas.
On 17 April a squadron consisting of "Furieuse", , , and , among many others, including the Sicilian flotilla, and under the command of Vice-Admiral Pellew, supported the successful assault on Genoa.
The end of the War of the Sixth Coalition in 1814 saw "Furieuse" sailing from Gibraltar to Bermuda with Captain Andrew King's squadron, escorting a fleet of transports. Later she conveyed the 62nd regiment to Halifax. At the end of the War of 1812 she remained in the area to assist the British troops who had fortified the Castine Peninsula.
Fate.
HMS "Furieuse" was paid off in autumn 1815. She was sold for breaking up in October 1816 at Deptford.

</doc>
<doc id="19623089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623089" title="Kobuchi Dam">
Kobuchi Dam

Summary.
In 1951, the Kobuchi Dam became the first rock-fill dam built in Japan. A rock-fill dam is a dam built up of stone, so the dam must have an impermeable wall, and there are various types of dams classified depending on the type of wall. In the case of Kobuchi Dam, the upstream side is covered with a concrete cement surface making it a concrete-face rock-fill dam.
Most rock-fill dams with an upstream-facing impermeable wall subsequently tended to use asphalt in the wall, so among the many dams in Japan, there are only four dams with concrete walls, Kobuchi Dam, Ishibuchi Dam, Minase Dam, and Nozori Dam. 
In particular, Ishibuchi Dam in Iwate Prefecture's Iwasa River was built at the same time as Kobuchi Dam.
That dam was finished in the same year, 1953, but construction of Kobuchi Dam began in 1945, earlier than Ishibuchi Dam, and from this fact Kobuchi Dam holds the honor of being Japan's first rock-fill dam. Currently, 
Isawa Dam is under construction downstream of Ishibuchi Dam, and Ishibuchi dam will be submerged when Iwasa Dam is finished in 2013.
Sightseeing.
Transportation.
From Kani Station on the Taita Line, there is a bus on Tohtetsu's Kukuri Line which stops at a bus stop named Kobuchi Dam, which is right next to the dam itself.
Vicinity of the Reservoir.
A park was created in vicinity of the reservoir which is known for its cherry blossoms in spring and fall colors in autumn. The Tōkai Nature Trail extends through the area. The Kobuchi Bridge is a walkway spanning the reservoir, and in the past a melody was played automatically when one crossed the bridge, so it is also called the "melody bridge." There are also other recreation areas, as well as parking lots and so on. 
One is allowed to fish in the reservoir, but it is necessary to pay a 500 yen fee to the Kani Fishing Cooperative. 

</doc>
<doc id="19623090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623090" title="Cory Aldridge">
Cory Aldridge

Cory Jerome Aldridge (born June 13, 1979 in San Angelo, Texas) is an American professional baseball outfielder. He was drafted by the Atlanta Braves in the fourth round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft. 
Aldridge played in eight games for the Braves in the season. He had no hits in five at-bats, with four strikeouts. In , he played in the Kansas City Royals organization for the Triple-A Omaha Royals.
In 2010 he was called up by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim to play in the outfield. He got his first major league hit against the Oakland Athletics, an RBI triple.
On January 28, 2012, he signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles. He did not remain with the team, instead beginning the 2012 season in the Mexican League, before being signed to a minor league contract by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
His father Jerry Aldridge played American football as a halfback.
Aldridge played with the Greenville Jacks in 2009 in 115 games he had his most productive season at any level batting .292 with 31 home runs and 102 rbi. the Jacks folded just before the start of the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19623092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623092" title="Erni Arneson">
Erni Arneson

Erni Arneson (12 September 1917 – 8 December 2006) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 25 films between 1942 and 2006. She was born in Århus, Denmark and died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623104" title="False River (Louisiana)">
False River (Louisiana)

False River is an oxbow lake located in southeastern Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana centered at This lake was once the main channel of the Mississippi River in this area. It was cut off from the "mighty Mississippi" in about 1722 when seasonal flooding cut a shorter channel to the east.
History.
Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville and his party bypassed False River to shorten their route up-river.
During the American Civil War, an expedition was sent from Morganza with five squadrons from the Second New York Cavalry to scout the area around the False River for Confederate recruiting officers. Marching through heavy rainstorms the expedition reached New Roads on January 31, 1865. Here five officers were found hiding in closets or under houses. 
Recreation.
This long lake is a "trophy lake", which means that fish of a certain size are required to be thrown back to grow larger. False River has often held the state record for the largest bass caught, and has the largest number of striped bass per acre in the state. Between 1974 and 1981, more than 265,000 striped bass fingerlings were released into the lake which covers approximately .
Additionally, water sports including boating, sailing, and water skiing may be enjoyed in the clean, sparkling waters of the lake. A number of commercial establishments provide launch facilities, boat rentals, supplies, and concessions. There are also many restaurants, bar & grills, antique shops, and bed & breakfast accommodations in the area.
During duck hunting season, waterfowl may be legally harvested by the public in an area near Jarreau and Oscar, Louisiana known as "the south flats". Several private duck blinds have been erected in this area, but most duck hunters tend to simply anchor off their boats in the shallow water of the flats.
Located on the northern end of the lake, is a free public boat launch with barbecue and picnic facilities, fishing pier and gazebo that may be found downtown near City Hall in New Roads, on Morrison Parkway. Another boat launch is open to the public for a launching fee and is located on the southern end of the lake in Jarreau. This launch, which is the most accessible when coming to the area from Baton Rouge, Louisiana is located on the Island side of False River on Louisiana Highway 413. Other paid launching facilities include Bergeron's Campground near Lakeland, Bueche's Bar & Grill located near Ventress, Jim's Place located in Ventress, and the Point Breeze Motel on False River Drive (LA-1) in New Roads.
In popular culture.
The lake can be seen in the 2002 film "The Badge".

</doc>
<doc id="19623106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623106" title="Days and Nights of Love and War">
Days and Nights of Love and War

Days and Nights of Love and War () is a 1978 book by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano. It was published in English translation in 1982 by Monthly Review Press. Structured as a series of fragments, the book varies in tone from straight journalism to expressionism and poetic lyricism and in genre from short story to aphorism to biography. It established the formal and thematic qualities of Galeano's prose, and won the Casa de las Américas Prize in 1978.
Origins and focus.
The book grew out of the repression Uruguay suffered under dictatorial rule in the 1970s, during Galeano's 11-year exile from the country. It chronicles two decades of struggle and perseverance in Latin America, with the 1976 Argentine coup d'état as its focal point. Galeano reveals episodes of his early life such as his surviving malaria, his loss of faith in God, the threats of military coups, dictators and censorship, as well as his experiences living amongst Indians, guerrillas, presidents and prostitutes. He defends his compatriots as well as Brazilian street children, the embattled indigenous Mexicans in Chiapas, and the continent's millions of abandoned children.
Impact.
"Days and Nights of Love and War" was a transitionary book between Galeano's earlier journalistic work and his later more literary output; it was the first of a series of works (culminating in his "Memory of Fire" trilogy) which established his reputation as a writer.
It inspired the anarchist collective CrimethInc.'s 2001 manifesto "Days of War, Nights of Love", which shares its mixed form, aphoristic style and embrace of philosophy and morality as weapons within a political superstructure.

</doc>
<doc id="19623108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623108" title="Oluf Hansen Hagen">
Oluf Hansen Hagen

Oluf Hansen Hagen (1844 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1886, representing the constituency of "Trondhjem og Levanger". He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19623119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623119" title="Bill Steinecke">
Bill Steinecke

William Robert Steinecke (February 7, 1907 – July 20, 1986) was an American professional baseball catcher and manager. A native of Cincinnati, Ohio, who attended DePaul University, Steinecke spent almost 40 years in uniform, but only four games in Major League Baseball (with the Pittsburgh Pirates). He threw and batted right-handed, stood (173 cm) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg) as an active player.
Steinecke's playing career began in with the Rock Island Islanders of the Class D Mississippi Valley League. After batting .361 for the Binghamton Triplets of the Class B New York-Pennsylvania League — and being elected the loop's all-star catcher for 1931 — Steinecke received his Pittsburgh trial. In four games and four at bats between September 16 and September 24, 1931, he went hitless. By the opening of the season, he was back at Binghamton. Steinecke achieved his most sustained success in the New York-Penn League of the 1930s (now the Eastern League), batting over .300 in six different seasons. In his best campaign, for the Williamsport Grays, Steinecke batted .349 with 110 runs batted in in 132 games played. All told, he appeared in 1,907 minor league games over 21 different seasons, batting .297 with 57 home runs and 855 RBI.
Steinecke's long minor-league managerial career began in in the Class B Sally League, and from 1946 to 1964 he skippered clubs in the lower minors. He joined the Milwaukee Braves farm system in and continued with the Braves through the middle of . (As manager of the Class D McCook Braves of the Nebraska State League, he was a figure in former bonus-baby pitcher Pat Jordan's memoir, "A False Spring".) He then served as a scout for the Braves and Montreal Expos. Steinecke died at age 79 in Saint Augustine, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19623123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623123" title="False River">
False River

False River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19623149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623149" title="2003 Trampoline World Championships">
2003 Trampoline World Championships

The 23rd Trampoline World Championships were held in Hannover, Germany from 17 October to 19 October 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19623151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623151" title="Per Hagen">
Per Hagen

Per Hagen (27 August 1899 – 4 October 1983) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Buskerud during the term 1950–1953.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19623175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623175" title="Mesa Public Library">
Mesa Public Library

Mesa Public Library is the Los Alamos branch of the Los Alamos County library. The library started in 1943 as a subscription library, after the donation of $5 by 70 families living in Los Alamos. In 1945 it became free and open to all. In 1981 the White Rock Branch Library opened in White Rock. In 1994 the library moved into its new building west of Fuller Lodge. The library collection has more than 160,000 items which include books, CDs, videotapes and other.

</doc>
<doc id="19623177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623177" title="Instinct Dance">
Instinct Dance

Instinct Dance is a compilation album by Moby, collecting tracks previously released on EPs under several pseudonyms. Two years later a similar compilation was released under the name of "Early Underground".
Track listing.
[*] Only on the CD edition

</doc>
<doc id="19623183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623183" title="Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik">
Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik

Sjur Hansen Halkjeldsvik (1787 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1830, representing the constituency of Romsdals Amt. He was re-elected in 1848, having been a deputy representative in 1845. He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19623186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623186" title="Isabella of France, Queen of Navarre">
Isabella of France, Queen of Navarre

Isabella of France (2 March 1241 – 17 April 1271) was a daughter of Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence. She was married to Theobald II of Navarre, eldest son of Theobald I of Navarre and Margaret of Navarre on 6 April 1255. Isabelle became Queen consort of Navarre.
Life.
Louis IX wanted to make peace with Navarre so he married Isabella off to Theobald. Some written parental directives of Louis IX for his daughter survive, an unusual feature since the preparation of royal ladies for marriage was usually entrusted to their mothers, not their fathers. The Archbishop of Rouen celebrated the marriage between Isabella and Theobald II, King of Navarre and Count of Champagne, on 6 April 1255 in Melun. The bridegroom was 18 and the bride 13 years old. They are usually said to have remained childless, but a contemporary Spanish chronicle states that Isabella and Theobald produced and lost a child around 1258, and a rather later Spanish chronicler says that Isabella died in 1271, shortly after Theobald's death, "siendo prenada," presumably meaning that she died in childbirth. Contemporary reports of the couple's extreme modesty had it that they refused to disrobe completely when retiring for the night, and that as she lay dying, Isabella ordered her attendants to see that her corpse was well shrouded so that nothing of it should become visible when it was boiled to remove the flesh from her bones. It seems likely, however, that the couple did not have a chaste or "white" marriage.
Together with her husband and her father, the very pious Isabella travelled to the Seventh Crusade in July 1270. Her father died there in August of the same year. Then, in December, Isabella's husband died of an epidemic while in Sicily. After the deaths of both her father and husband, Isabella returned to France and lived in Provence until her death only two months later in 1271.
Isabella is buried next to her husband in Provins.

</doc>
<doc id="19623197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623197" title="Wasen">
Wasen

Wasen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19623199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623199" title="Kuguno Dam">
Kuguno Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623202" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 9">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 9

The 9th District is an electoral district for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and is currently represented by Democrat Chris Sainato. The district is located in Beaver and Lawrence counties and includes the following areas: 

</doc>
<doc id="19623204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623204" title="Richard Waterhouse (general)">
Richard Waterhouse (general)

Richard Waterhouse (January 12, 1832 – March 20, 1876) was an American Civil War Confederate brigadier general. 
Early life.
Waterhouse was born in Rhea County, Tennessee. As a teenager, he ran away from home to fight in the Mexican–American War. After he returned, he and his parents moved to San Augustine, Texas in 1849. There he engaged in the mercantile business until the outbreak of the American Civil War. 
Civil War service.
During the Civil War, he helped to raise the Nineteenth Texas Infantry in and around Jefferson and was elected colonel of the unit on May 13, 1862. He served under Thomas C. Hindman and Theophilus H. Holmes in Arkansas and under Richard Taylor in Louisiana. 
At Milliken's Bend, Louisiana, on August 18, 1862, he won high commendations from Henry Eustace McCulloch for leading a determined charge against Federal troops within artillery range of Union gunboats. McCulloch reported, "not only by a gallant and desperate charge over the levee" but by driving the enemy "to the very brink of the river and within short and direct range of the gunboats of the enemy." After transfer to William Read Scurry's brigade, he fought at Mansfield and Pleasant Hill during the Red River Campaign in spring 1864. 
General E. Kirby Smith, who was commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, was impressed with Waterhouse and he appointed Waterhouse Brigadier General to rank from April 30, 1864. The promotion was not confirmed by Confederate President Jefferson Davis until March 17, 1865 and by the Confederate Senate until the 18th, the last day the legislators were in session before the government collapsed.
Postbellum.
After the war, Waterhouse lived in San Antonio and in Jefferson, Texas, where he speculated in land. He fell down a flight of stairs in a Waco hotel on March 18, 1876. This resulted in a severe case of pneumonia that resulted in his death only two days later on March 20. He is buried in Jefferson, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19623207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623207" title="Tyrone Smith (rugby)">
Tyrone Smith (rugby)

Tyrone Smith (born 12 July 1983) is an Australian-Tongan professional rugby union and rugby league footballer. He is currently signed to the French Rugby Pro D2 team RC Narbonne. Smith previously played Super Rugby with the Brumbies, and Super League with the London Broncos (Harlequins RL). His usual position is centre or wing.
Early life.
Smith was born in Manly, New South Wales. He played his early rugby in the union code, touring the UK in 2002 with the Australian Schoolboys team. He is the younger brother of Australian Wallaby flanker George Smith.
Career.
Rugby League.
In 2002, Smith switched to rugby league to play with the Sydney Roosters and was part of the winning junior side in the Jersey Flegg premiership. Graduating to NSWRL Premier League, he scored a try in the Roosters’ 30-8 win over St George-Illawarra in the 2004 Premier League grand final.
Smith signed with the London Broncos (later renamed Harlequins RL) in 2004 to play in the European Super League. In 2005 he made his international debut for Tonga against Samoa in Sydney and scored two tries in their 34-20 win.
Rugby Union.
In 2008, Smith agreed a two year deal with the Brumbies to switch to rugby union and join his older brother George Smith playing in the Super Rugby competition. He earned 47 caps for the Brumbies between 2008 and 2011.
Later in 2011, he moved to Japan to play for the Honda Heat in the 2011–12 Top League season. In June 2013, he signed a two year deal with French Pro D2 team RC Narbonne.

</doc>
<doc id="19623212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623212" title="Paul Hagen">
Paul Hagen

Paul Hagen (19 March 1920 – 19 May 2003) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in over 100 films between 1952 and 1999.
He was born in Denmark and died in Langø, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623223" title="El Gato Negro (song)">
El Gato Negro (song)

"El Gato Negro" ("The Black Cat") is a 1987 song performed by Tejano music singer Ruben Ramos and his band The Mexican Revolution. The hit single has been Ramos' trademark since then and has earned him the nickname El Gato Negro. The song tells the story of a young man named El Gato Negro and his bad luck with the law.

</doc>
<doc id="19623235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623235" title="True Love Always">
True Love Always

True Love Always is a pop band formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1995, with a mission to play only love songs. Heavily influenced by Joao Gilberto, Dionne Warwick and Earth, Wind and Fire, their sound was at odds with much of the more macho indie-rock gaining popularity at the time. The band has been associated with TeenBeat Records for their entire existence.
History.
Original members Matt Datesman (drums), John Lindaman (guitar and vocals) and Tobin Rodriguez (bass and vocals) began experimenting with softer sounding music after the breakup of Charlottesville rock band Operation:Love!, which featured Lindaman and Datesman in a louder rock context. Soon after their first show, in November 1995, they opened for TeenBeat Records act (and major influence) Versus at the Tokyo Rose in Charlottesville; TeenBeat Records honcho (and Lindaman's high-school classmate) Mark Robinson was there, and was impressed by their two song cassette featuring the song "Mediterranean". He asked them to record Mediterranean as a single for TeenBeat, beginning their long association with the label which continues to the present.
After several albums, singles and a few tours, Rodriguez left the band in 1999. After a few tours of the U.S. and Japan with substitute bassists including Jeff Grosfeld and Fred Kovey, bassist Tony Zanella joined in 2000, touring, recording some singles and the album Clouds. Shortly after recording Clouds in 2002, the band went on an indefinite hiatus as Lindaman moved to New York, Datesman became a father, and Zanella completed his Masters degree in Philosophy. In 2007, the band began working on new material, but at a much slower pace then their former methods allowed. Datesman continues to record and perform occasionally with Flin Flon; Zanella continues to tour with +/-. Lindaman performs regularly with a number of groups in New York City, including Latin Hustle, The Solitary Cyclist, and The Instruments, as well as recording experimental instrumental improvisations under his own name.
Recordings.
Singles:
"Mediterranean" 1996
"Take Me Over" 1997
"Secret Scenes" 1998(Motorway label, Japan)
"Buried Treasure" 1999
"Windows Fade" 2000(promotional Japan tour 7", co-released with Rover Records)
Albums:
"When Will You Be Mine?" 1997
"Hopefully" 1998
"Torch" 2000
"Spring Collection" 2001
"Clouds" 2003
"Very Important Love Songs" 2006 (Thai label Smallroom career retrospective)
Compilations:
TeenBeat compilations from 1997 to the present
"All's Fair in Love and Chickfactor"
External links.
TeenBeat Records [http://www.teenbeat.net] 
True Love Always Myspace page [http://www.myspace.com/officialtla]

</doc>
<doc id="19623244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623244" title="Family Tree (N.W.A album)">
Family Tree (N.W.A album)

Family Tree is a compilation album by N.W.A. It features 3 of the original 5 members of N.W.A, as well as guest performances by Westside Connection, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit.

</doc>
<doc id="19623249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623249" title="Maruyama Dam">
Maruyama Dam

The is a dam on the border of Mitake and Yaotsu in Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It was built on the upper reaches of the Kiso River system. It is a gravity dam that is tall. It was built after World War II as part of a large, nationwide dam building project.
Surrounding area.
Sosui Gorge (蘇水峡 "Sosui-kyō") was formed by the completion of the dam. Along with Ena Gorge further upstream, the area is part of the Hida-Kisogawa Quasi-National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19623260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623260" title="Rudolf Seliger">
Rudolf Seliger

Rudolf "Rudi" Seliger (born 20 September 1951) is a former football striker.

</doc>
<doc id="19623288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623288" title="Matsuno Dam">
Matsuno Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623307" title="Leo Lesquereux">
Leo Lesquereux

Charles Léo Lesquereux (November 18, 1806 – October 25, 1889) was a Swiss bryologist and a pioneer of American paleobotany. He was born in the town of Fleurier, located in the canton of Neuchâtel.
Due to a childhood accident, Lesquereux suffered from progressive hearing loss that eventually led to total deafness. Despite the fact he lacked formal training in botany, he became a celebrated figure in the field of paleobotany. Until 1827 he took classes at the academy at Neuchâtel, and subsequently worked as a tutor of French language in Eisenach. Afterwards he returned to Switzerland as a schoolteacher, and later principal in the town of Locle. Within three years his hearing had deteriorated to the point he had to give up his teaching job. 
As a young man he took many excursions in order to collect mosses in the Jura Mountains, eventually leading to investigations of peat bogs. His pioneer research and analysis on the origin, composition and development of peat resulted in a close friendship with famed scientist Louis Agassiz (1807-1873). Soon afterwards, Lesquereux was commissioned by the Prussian government to perform scientific studies of peat bogs throughout Europe. 
In 1847 Lesquereux followed Agassiz to the United States, subsequently traveling to Columbus, Ohio, where he performed bryological research with William Starling Sullivant (1803-1873). With Sullivant, he published two editions of a treatise called "Musci Exsiccati Americani" (1856, 1865). Another significant work on American bryology of his, was a two volume summary of mosses found in the eastern United States, titled "Icones Muscorum" (1864).
Based on his past studies of European peat bogs, Lesquereux developed theories on the origin of coal formations. As a consultant for state geological surveys in several U.S. states, he performed pioneer investigations of Paleozoic flora. From these paleobotanical studies, his best work was a study of carboniferous flora of Pennsylvania, titled "Description of the Coal Flora of the Carboniferous Formation in Pennsylvania and throughout the United States" (1879–84). a three-volume publication that became a standard for U.S. carboniferous flora. 
The plant genus "Lesquerella" from the family Brassicaceae is named in his honor. Lesquereux died at the age of 82 on October 25, 1889 in Columbus.

</doc>
<doc id="19623320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623320" title="Miboro Dam">
Miboro Dam

The dam flooded several villages and shrines, submerging them completely, two cherry trees were taken from one of the submerged shrines and placed in Shirakawa-go where it is said that each petal represents a memory from someone who lived in the villages before they were flooded.

</doc>
<doc id="19623324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623324" title="United States vice-presidential debate, 1976">
United States vice-presidential debate, 1976

This debate featured Walter Mondale, the Democratic nominee for vice-president, and Bob Dole, the Republican nominee for vice-president.
Importance.
This was the first vice-presidential debate in United States history.
The debate took place on Friday, October 15, 1976 at the Alley Theater in Houston, Texas.
Senator Dole delivered the most remembered line of the debate when he appeared to blaming the Democratic Party for all of America's wars.
Sen. Dole: "I guess, but it's (Watergate and the pardon of Richard Nixon) not a very good issue any more than the war in Vietnam would be or World War II, or World War I, or the war in Korea, all Democrat wars, all in this century. I figured up the other day, if we added up the killed and wounded in Democrat wars in this century, it'd be about one point six million Americans - enough to fill the city of Detroit."
Sen. Mondale: "I think uh - Senator Dole has richly earned his reputation as a hatchet man tonight, by implying, and stating, that World War II and the Korean War were Democratic wars. Does he really mean to suggest to the American people that there was a partisan difference over our involvement in the war to fight Nazi Germany? I don't think any reasonable American would accept that. Does he really mean to suggest that it was only partisanship that got us into the war in Korea?"

</doc>
<doc id="19623334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623334" title="Calabrian diaspora">
Calabrian diaspora

The term Calabrian Diaspora refers to the migration of Calabrians away from Calabria (Southern Italy). It is estimated that five million Italians emigrated to the U.S. between the unification of Italy around 1870 and the Great Depression around 1930. World War I in 1914 marked a surge in the level of immigration. Italians continued to leave Italy in sizable numbers, notably during the periods between World Wars I and II, and again after World War II ended in 1945, a period of immigration that lasted into the 1980s.
Numbers.
In 1876 Italy suffered an economic depression, and an eruption of Mt. Vesuvius, which erupted again in 1906. followed shortly after by volcanic eruptions of Vesuvius and Etna. The Calabrian population consisted largely of farmers, subsisting often on poor farmland, in an era of high taxes and low incomes. The people in the Italian south were hard hit by the consequences of these events, which included a flu pandemic and malarial outbreaks. Already poor, the population in Calabria very hard hit. By the 1920s, of the five million Italians who had moved to the U.S., over three quarters were from the south, the majority of those originating in Calabria and Sicily.
The First World War disrupted emigration from all parts of Europe, including Italy. Immediately post-war, the condition of European economies was so bad that emigration picked up almost immediately.
The extreme economic difficulties of post-war Italy and the severe internal tensions within the nation (which led to the rise of Fascism) "pushed" 614,000 emigrants away in 1920, half of them going to the United States. ("Push" as opposed to the economic "pull" of a foreign nation in need of immigrant labor—the case in earlier decades.) When the Fascists came to power in 1922 there was a general slowdown in the flow of emigrants from Italy—eventually. However, during the first five years of Fascism, one and one-half million people left Italy. That is 300,000 persons per year, a number quite comparable to the early years of the 20th century. Even as late as 1930, 300,000 emigrants left Italy in that single year. By that time, the nature of the emigrants had changed; there was, for example, a marked increase in the rise of relatives of non-working age who were moving to be with their families who had gone before.
A destination privileged by the emigrants between 1915 and 1940 : is the western Europe (except Germany) and in particular France, where more than 2 millions of Italians (and thus a Calabrian proportion is always comparable with those of the first period) will go.
For the last period of migration, the tendency inverse between the south and north : 65% of the Italian migrants are southern Italy. Also, 2,3 millions of Calabrian will leave their country.
But between 1945 and 1985, the destinations change. So formerly America was the first destination, as from 1970, Italian stopped to go there because of the immigration control. And since 1960, South America is not more coveted by the emigrants. For the rebuilding after the war, the Europe receive a great number of Italians: in France, in Switzerland, in Belgium but especially, in Germany, which will accommodate close to 1 million from 1950 to 1960. Lastly, a new destination receives emigrants between 1950 and 1970, it is Australia, but it's few comparing with Europe.
Causes of emigration.
Historically, there are many reasons why people decide to leave their homes. Among these are political or religious persecution, overcrowding at home, and poverty. The last reason is, no doubt, the one responsible for the great "Italian diaspora." Much of Italy—and especially southern Italy—at the time of unification was rural, and land management practices—again, especially in the south—did not easily convince farmers to stay on the land and work the soil.
The unification of Italy broke down the feudal land system that had survived in the south since the Middle Ages, especially where land had been the inalienable property of aristocrats, religious bodies, or the king. The breakdown of feudalism, however, and redistribution of land did not necessarily lead to small farmers in the south winding up with land of their own, land they could work and profit from. Many remained landless, and plots grew smaller and smaller (and, thus, more and more unproductive) as land was subdivided among heirs.
"Mezzadria" –sharefarming—where tenant families got a plot to work from an owner and kept a reasonable share of the profits—was more prevalent in central Italy, which is one of the reasons there was less emigration from that part of Italy. The south lacked entrepreneurs, and absentee landlords were common. Although owning land was the basic yardstick of wealth, farming in the south was socially despised. People invested not in agricultural equipment, but in such things as low-risk state bonds. Thus, when one talks about "Italian diaspora" it is best not to view it as a single Italy-wide phenomenon affecting all regions of the nation equally. In the second phase of emigration—1900 to World War I—most emigrants were from the south and most of them were from rural areas, driven off the land by inefficient land management policies.
It was typical that the countryside lost a larger share of its population than the cities during these waves of emigration. A notable exception is the city of Naples. Until unification, Naples had been influential for several centuries. At the time of unification, Naples was the seat of government for the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. 4 The disrupted bureaucracy and financial situation encouraged unemployment. Also, in the early 1880s, grave epidemics of cholera struck the city, causing many people to leave. The epidemics were then the driving force behind the decision to rebuild entire sections of the city, an undertaking known as the ""risanamento"" (lit. "making healthy again") and one that lasted until World War I. That process of tearing down and rebuilding also disrupted urban life and became another reason for many to leave the city.
Calabrian diaspora.
Today, Calabrian's "Oriundi" would be between 5 and 7.5 million if we refer to the natural increase, to the birth rate and the mortality of each of the times but also to the return of emigrants to the country of origin and to the arrival of new ones (stopped in the 80s). This makes one of the most important Italian diaspora with the Sicilian, and like second Calabria, a kind "Little Calabria" world. When it is known that Calabria is populated of 2 million inhabitant (2,007,707 in 12-2007), the "little Calabria" is no more really "little".

</doc>
<doc id="19623337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623337" title="Axel Strøbye">
Axel Strøbye

Axel Strøbye (22 February 1928 – 12 July 2005) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in more than 100 films between 1951 and 2000.
He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark and died in Copenhagen, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623354" title="Roger Goldammer">
Roger Goldammer

Roger Goldammer is a Canadian motorcycle builder most known for winning the World championship of bike building three times.
Professional career.
Roger Goldammer and his company Goldammer Cycle Works was most known for building futuristic custom bikes, for customers as well as billet frontends. In 2004 Roger entered the AMD worldchampionship with a bike very different from his earlier work, the bike which was inspired by early boardtrack racing bikes and featured innovations such as an oiltank built into the frame and hidden suspension for the rear swingarm. After the voting was over Goldammer was crowned world champion. 
This gave Goldammer a lot of publicity and he returned the next year to the championship with a similar concept called "Trouble", which featured a V-Twin engine converted into a single-cylinder engine and fitted with a supercharger and a front end with the suspension built into the frame's neck. the bike won the championship with a margin of over 200 points, this was the only time a builder had taken the trophy twice in a row. Due to his success Goldammer decided not to build any more bikes for customers and only build bikes for himself in order to have complete creative control; his company continued to produce aftermarket parts to support his custom bike buildings. 
In 2007 Goldammer didn't enter a bike into the competition and opted to participate in the Biker Build-Off where he competed on the Bonneville Salt Flats against Matt Hotch of Hot Match Custom Cycles. Goldammer based his bike "Experimental" on a Honda CR 250 dirtbike frame which was severely modified and fitted with dual KRC supercart motors. The bike achieved a topspeed of 128.774 mph which was enough to take the trophy.
In 2007 Goldammer debuted a new bike called "Nortorious" which was heavily influenced by the Norton Manx cafe racer. The engine concept from his bike "Trouble" was used but with a rear cylinder head mounted on the single remaining front cylinder and equipped with a fuel injection system. The bike won Goldammer the Canadian bike building championship which earned him a free ticket to the 2008 World Championship.
Goldammer soon revealed that "Nortorious" would not be his entry to the 2008 championship but Goldammer soon revealed that he was building a bike with the ambition to race on the Bonneville Salt Flats and win the bike building championship. The bike which he called "Goldmember" featured the same engine concept as the "Nortorious" with the addition of a nitrous oxide system and achieved a speed of 164 mph in bare metal, The bike was later painted and entered in the 2008 championship were the bike won with a margin of over 150 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19623360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623360" title="Mark Feltham (musician)">
Mark Feltham (musician)

Mark Feltham (Born 20 October 1955, Bermondsey, Southwark, London) is an English musician best known for his harmonica playing. Feltham is a long term member of the British rhythm and blues band, Nine Below Zero, and Rory Gallagher's band; and is often utilised as a session musician.

</doc>
<doc id="19623380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623380" title="Johannes Soodla">
Johannes Soodla

Johannes Soodla (14 January 1897 in Kudina Parish, (now in Palamuse Parish) – 16 May 1965) was an Estonian military officer during World War I, Estonian War of Independence and World War II, serving in Kuperjanov's Partisan Battalion and the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian). In 1944 he was promoted to Brigadeführer which was the highest rank ascribed to an Estonian officer in World War II.
In 1916 Soodla was mobilized in the Russian Army and was sent to a military school in Gatchina. He fought in World War I. In the Estonian War of Independence Soodla fought along with Julius Kuperjanov in the same unit. Soodla was a company commander. He fought in all the toughest battles in the war including the Battle of Paju where he took command of the battalion after Kuperjanov was wounded. After the war, the Estonian Cross of Liberty was awarded to Soodla. From 1920 to 1940 he served in the Estonian Army until released by Soviet Army in 1941. 
Soodla then went to Germany returning to Estonia in the summer of same year with German Army. Soodla headed both the Estonian police and Omakaitse, a paramilitary self-defence organization during the German occupation. He was promoted to Oberfuhrer and then Brigadefuhrer. In 1943 he joined the Estonian Legion and was Inspector-General of the Estonian units in German forces. In 1944 he fell back with German forces to Germany. 
He was known to have been in post-war refugee camps in Germany. He later lived in Italy and in United States. He died on May 16, 1965 in Goslar, Germany.
The Estonian International Commission for the Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity concluded that by the virtue of his senior position, Johannes Soodla shared responsibility
with the German authorities for all criminal actions carried out in
Estonia, and beyond its borders by military units or
police battalions raised with their consent.

</doc>
<doc id="19623381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623381" title="Three Counties railway station">
Three Counties railway station

Three Counties railway station is a disused railway station near Arlesey in Bedfordshire, England. It served the southern environs of Arlesey. These included the Three Counties Lunatic Asylum, which was finally subsequently known as the Fairfield Hospital. The station was north of Hitchin on the "London-Peterborough" line. It opened in 1866, and closed to passengers in 1959.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway (GNR) on 1 April 1866, originally being named "Arlesey Siding". On 1 July 1886, the station was renamed "Three Counties", taking its new name from the nearby Three Counties Asylum, which itself was so named because it was a joint project of three counties - Hertfordshire, Bedfordshire and Huntingdonshire.
The GNR became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The station was closed to passengers, together with the adjacent Arlesey station, on 5 January 1959 and goods on 28 November 1960. This was due to declining receipts. Arlesey, however, later re-opened.

</doc>
<doc id="19623423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623423" title="Hairbutt the Hippo">
Hairbutt the Hippo

Hairbutt the Hippo is an Australian comic book series by Jason Paulos. It was published by Rat Race Comix, that stars an anthropomorphic hippopotamus named Hairbutt, who works as a private detective. Along with Paulos, Bodine Amerikah wrote several "Hairbutt the Hippo" stories while Paulos illustrated them.
Paulos created his first "Hairbutt the Hippo" comic in 1991. In 2001 the character's similarities with an American comic book character called Hip Flask, also an anthropomorphic hippopotamus private detective, led Hairbutt co-creator Bodine Amerikah and Darren Close of OzComics to accuse Hip Flask creator Richard Starkings of plagiarism. Starkings replied that he created Hip Flash without any knowledge of Hairbutt, and that their similarities were a bizarre coincidence.

</doc>
<doc id="19623425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623425" title="Nishidaira Dam">
Nishidaira Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623444" title="Financial betting">
Financial betting

Financial betting refers to the wagering on the price development of a financial instrument at some later date relative to the current price or level of the instrument, against odds offered by a bookmaker. Maximum potential pay-off of the wager is known when the bet is taken and as a corollary risk is known beforehand by being limited to the initial stake.
Financial betting instruments are a type of digital option. The outcome of the wager at settlement is binary, that is, either a win or a loss. Settlement is executed in cash and there is no delivery of the underlying asset. At any point in time prior to the settlement date bets can often be sold, allowing for possibilities to bet on the accuracy of a market move within the fixed limits of zero win (loss of the stake) and maximum potential win. A fee might sometimes be charged for this service.
The main difference between financial betting and speculation on financial markets using products such as financial spread betting is that the bet must result in a simple binary win or loss based on an event on the underlying financial instruments. This triggers a fixed payout for a win, while with spread betting the payout or loss varies with the price level of the underlying instrument.
Basis in financial theory.
Odds have to be consistent with the real-time pricing of the underlying financial instruments listed on foreign exchange markets or securities exchanges in order to avoid arbitrage opportunities (although this might not be possible because of limitations on shorting, i.e. laying bets). Calculation of the odds therefore draws on the Black–Scholes formula for pricing options. Using some variation of the model to solve for volatility, from observed market prices of traded options, gives implied volatility. Implied volatility is forward looking, that is, it can be used to estimate the odds for future price movements using mathematical algorithms.
Types of financial betting.
There are three main variations of financial betting. These vary mainly in the way odds are displayed.
Fixed and floating odds betting.
Within financial floating odds the odds change for a given strike price as the price of the underlying changes. The floating odds company calculates odds for different strikes and how much can be won upon settlement depends on how much is bet at those odds.
Within financial fixed odds betting the odds are fixed, while the strike price where a win is achieved relative the current level changes. The fixed odds company will calculate how much has to be bet to win a certain amount upon settlement if the conditions of the prediction become true.
Binary betting.
Binary betting displays odds as an index from 0 to 100 where the bet settles at 100 if the event happens and 0 if it does not. An amount is wagered per point on the index. The event can be bought or sold, making it possible to profit both from the event occurring or not occurring.
Features.
A central feature of financial betting is the fixed risk nature which allows market participants to limit the risk to a known amount. When one opens a bet (long or short) they know beforehand what risk they are taking. What important here is that you can exit your bet at any time before settlement thus you have an option of minimizing the risk even further. The same can be applied to the winning bets (you can collect the win before the settlement time).
Liquidity is always provided and is achieved by the bookmaker acting as a market maker, always being willing to sell bets to a buyer, and in the case it is permitted, to buy bets back from a participant wanting to sell the bet before it expires. 
A central feature of financial betting is leverage. The benefit of leverage to the participant is that it allows a greater percentage change in capital than if it were invested directly in the underlying asset. This makes financial betting less capital intensive than trading directly on securities exchanges.
Financial betting providers.
Financial betting is sometimes integrated within gaming companies. There are also specialized financial betting firms, some of which might also provide financial spread betting and/or CFDs. As financial spread betting and CFD brokers are regulated by the UKs financial regulator the FSA and not gambling commission there are limitations on financial betting they can provide but all the brokers provide binary betting.
Gaming companies providing financial betting include:
Other financial betting firms include:

</doc>
<doc id="19623447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623447" title="Abschieds-Rufe">
Abschieds-Rufe

Abschieds-Rufe ("Cries of Farewell"), op, 179, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. It premiered in January 1856 at a ball attended by some two thousand guests in the Sofienbad-Saal in Vienna. The waltz was very well received, and was repeated four times.

</doc>
<doc id="19623452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623452" title="Sudan–Turkey relations">
Sudan–Turkey relations

Sudanese–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Sudan and Turkey. Sudan has an embassy in Ankara. Turkey has an embassy in Khartoum. Northern Sudan was under the rule of Turkey as a part of the Ottoman Empire and no political problems exist between the two countries

</doc>
<doc id="19623453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623453" title="Bad Girl (The Miracles song)">
Bad Girl (The Miracles song)

"Bad Girl" is a 1959 Doo-wop single by The Miracles. Issued locally on the Motown Records label, it was licensed to and issued nationally by Chess Records because the fledgling Motown Record Corporation did not, at that time, have national distribution. It was the first single released (and the only one released by this group) on the Motown label - all previous singles from the company (and all following ones from the group) were released on Motown's Tamla label. Although The Miracles had charted regionally and on the R&B charts with several earlier songs, including "Got A Job", "I Cry", "I Need A Change", and "(You Can) Depend On Me", "Bad Girl" was their first "national" chart hit, reaching #93 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Written by Miracles lead singer Smokey Robinson and Motown Records' President and Founder Berry Gordy, "Bad Girl" is a sad, remorseful ballad about a young woman, whom Robinson, as the narrator, says "was so good at the start", but who later in the song "is breaking my heart". It is in the popular Doo-wop style, as several of The Miracles' songs were during the late 1950s. The record's success, coupled with the distributor's failure to pay Gordy and The Miracles properly for its sales, prompted Robinson to urge Gordy to "go national" with it, meaning that Motown should do its own national distribution of its songs, and eliminate the middleman, to ensure that all money from sales of its records would go directly to the label.
On the Motown/Universal DVD "Smokey Robinson and The Miracles: The Definitive Performances 1963-1987", Robinson and fellow Miracles Bobby Rogers and Pete Moore comment that the song's success allowed the group to tour nationally for the first time, and to play New York's legendary Apollo Theatre during the Ray Charles Show. The group was not ready for the appearance: it lacked performance experience and failed to produce professional big band arrangements to the satisfaction of theatre manager Honi Coles. Ray Charles intervened, took the group under his wing, and, with his band, created arrangements for their songs. Charles was one of the first to help them on their climb to eventual success.
"Bad Girl" has since become a Doo-wop classic and was named one of the 100 Greatest Doo-Wop Songs of All Time by "Doo Wop Nation". It appears on several Miracles' compilations, including "Greatest Hits from the Beginning". The song was also performed by the group on their final live album, "". It has been covered by the Dazz Band and by Motown artist Mary Wells, whose version was called "Bad Boy" and appeared on her debut album, "Bye Bye Baby I Don't Want to Take a Chance".
References.
"Smokey Robinson & The Miracles: The Definitive Performances 1963-1987"
"Smokey: Inside My Life" (autobiography), McGraw-Hill,(1989) by Smokey Robinson and David Ritz, pgs 84-86.
"Doo Wop Nation's Top 100 Doo-Wop Songs of All Time"
http://home.earthlink.net/~jaymar41/doowopTP.html
http://home.earthlink.net/~jaymar41/Top_100-Part_2.html
"Bad Girl "- by The Miracles (1959) Review from the "Motown Junkies" website
External links.
"Bad Girl by The Miracles (1959)"

</doc>
<doc id="19623454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623454" title="Takane Dam">
Takane Dam

Takane Dam is a dam in Takayama, in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan. It supports a 340 MW hydroelectric power station.

</doc>
<doc id="19623456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623456" title="Kily Álvarez">
Kily Álvarez

David Álvarez Aguirre (born 5 February 1984), commonly known as Kily, is an Equatoguinean footballer who plays for CD Cudillero in Spain, mainly as a right defender.
Early life.
Kily was born in Avilés, Asturias, Spain to a Spanish mother and an Equatoguinean father, never knowing the latter.
Club career.
After finishing his formation with the club, Kily started playing with Real Oviedo, having the honour of scoring its first-ever goal in Tercera División. He spent his entire career in the Spanish lower leagues, also representing UP Langreo (two spells), Atlético Madrid B, Orihuela CF, Novelda CF, Marino de Luanco, SD Noja and CD Cudillero.
International career.
Kily made his debut for Equatorial Guinea in 2007. He was selected to the squad that appeared at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations on home soil, where on 25 January he scored arguably the country's most important goal, netting in the 90th minute for a 2–1 group stage win against Senegal, which meant the hosts qualified to the quarterfinals at the expense of precisely their opponents.

</doc>
<doc id="19623479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623479" title="Carl Johan Hviid">
Carl Johan Hviid

Carl Johan Hviid (27 June 1899 – 21 October 1964) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 29 films between 1938 and 1964.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623484" title="Ronnie Scott's Jazz Farrago">
Ronnie Scott's Jazz Farrago

Ronnie Scott’s Jazz Farrago is a compilation of features from "Jazz at Ronnie Scott’s" magazine, the house magazine of the famous London jazz venue Ronnie Scott’s Club in Soho which is still in operation after nearly fifty years.
Background.
The magazine was published for over twenty-five years from 1979–2006 producing a total of 159 issues under editorship of its founder editor, Jim Godbolt, acknowledged jazz historian. (Godbolt’s other books include two volumes of "History of Jazz in Britain", 1919–1950 and 1950–1970, "The World of Jazz" and a very entertaining autobiography "All This and Many a Dog", which had one journalist describe Godbolt as the P.G. Wodehouse of jazz journalism.)
"Ronnie Scott’s Jazz Farrago" draws from the vast material in those issues and collates profiles of the Club’s principals and the assortment of memorable characters who were associated with Ronnie Scott’s; facts of jazz history; humorous writing; gossip columns and interviews with famous personalities like John Dankworth, Kenneth Clarke, then the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Spike Milligan, Charlie Watts, Barbara Windsor and Michael Parkinson and, of course, Ronnie Scott himself.
Humour has played a vital role in the magazine, following in the tradition established by Ronnie Scott at the microphone in his own club and is much in evidence in this selection, giving it a unique flavour, very much a part of the jazz ambience. In fact, the articles are a unique record of a club that is a London landmark, internationally known.
In addition to contributions by acknowledged experts on jazz music, the book’s pages are graced by the poems of Ron Rubin and drawings by such brilliant artists as Wally Fawkes (Trog), Nemethy, Picton, Pennington and Monty Sunshine and photographs by David Redfern and David Sinclair. George Melly wrote the two-page foreword.
ISBN 978-0-9557628-0-2
External links.
more about the book's contents [http://ronniesjazzfarrago.co.uk/index.html]
the Ronnie Scott's Club website [http://www.ronniescotts.co.uk/]

</doc>
<doc id="19623502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623502" title="Tai Chi (band)">
Tai Chi (band)

Tai Chi (太極) is a Chinese rock band formed in Hong Kong in 1985 by Patrick Lui (lead vocalist), Albert Lui (lead vocalist), Joey Tang (guitarist), Gary Tong (keyboardist), Ernest Lau (guitarist), Ed Sing (bass guitarist and backing vocal), and Ricky Chu (drummer). They are joined by the 1980s "Band-booming Era" along with Fundamental, Beyond, Tat Ming Pair, Blue Jeans, Small Island, Raidas, Citybeat. Tai Chi is well known for their catchy and modern tunes. They are still active to date and have a large base of fans.

</doc>
<doc id="19623508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623508" title="Balboa, León">
Balboa, León

Balboa () (Valboa in Galician language) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).
It is one of Galician speaking councils of El Bierzo
Pedanías.
The parish s belonging to the municipality are:
Although Galician names are unofficial, are the original and commonly used by the inhabitants of the municipality, since the names in Castilian are mere translations of the original names.

</doc>
<doc id="19623517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623517" title="Wanda Blake">
Wanda Blake

Wanda Blake is a fictional character in the comic book "Spawn".
"Spawn" character.
Al Simmons was her husband. After he died, she married his best friend Terry Fitzgerald and had a daughter with him, Cyan.
Wanda has kept her maiden name both times she has gotten married, much to her grandmother's dismay.
She later has twins with Terry, which turns out badly, as they are both reincarnations of God and Satan.
In the "Spawn" movie, Wanda is played by Theresa Randle.
Real life inspiration.
The character is named after the wife of Spawn creator Todd McFarlane.

</doc>
<doc id="19623520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623520" title="Benavides, León">
Benavides, León

Benavides (; also called "Benavides de Órbigo", Leonese: "Banavices") is a municipality in the province of León, Spain. It's part of the route of St. James.

</doc>
<doc id="19623526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623526" title="Livingston (surname)">
Livingston (surname)

Livingston is a surname with several different origins. The name itself originates in Scotland as a habitational name derived from Livingston in Lothian which was originally named in Middle English "Levingston". This place name was originally named after a man named Levin who appears in several 12th century charters. In Ireland (and in some cases Scotland), the name was adopted by Gaelic Ireland royals bearing the Gaelic surnames "Ó Duinnshléibhe" and "Mac Duinnshléibhe". Livingston can also be an Americanized form of the German surname "Lowenstein".

</doc>
<doc id="19623530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623530" title="Yokoyama Dam">
Yokoyama Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623531" title="Carrizo de la Ribera">
Carrizo de la Ribera

Carrizo de la Ribera () is a town and municipality in the Province of León, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2008 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 2,554 inhabitants. It is situated in the western bank of the Rio Órbigo. In addition to Carrizo, the municipality includes the villages of Huerga del Río, La Milla del Río, Quiñones del Río and Villanueva de Carrizo.
According to traditional sources, the town was originated by the depopulation of two earlier nearby towns: San Miguel de las Ollas and Villar de las Ollas, which were devastated by fire.

</doc>
<doc id="19623534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623534" title="Olena Movchan">
Olena Movchan

Olena Movchan is a Ukrainian world champion trampolinist that represented the Ukraine at both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19623536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623536" title="Cea, León">
Cea, León

Cea () is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 530 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19623545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623545" title="La Antigua, León">
La Antigua, León

La Antigua ("L'Antigua" in Leonese language) () is a municipality (pop. 606) in the province of León, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19623547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623547" title="Matanza, León">
Matanza, León

Matanza is a municipality in the province of León, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19623554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623554" title="Jack Murdock (actor)">
Jack Murdock (actor)

Jack Murdock (28 October 1922 – 27 April 2001) was an American actor. He appeared in 50 films between 1973 and 1998. He was born in Urbana, Ohio.
Murdock had some television roles in St. Louis, Missouri during the 1960s. One memorable role was as Kronos, the host of the television show "Zone 2" on KTVI from August 1965 to August 1966. The show was named "Zone 2" because KTVI-TV (the local ABC affiliate at the time and currently a Fox affiliate) broadcast on Channel 2 and probably as a play on "The Twilight Zone" as it aired low-budget science fiction and horror movies. It aired at 3:30 pm–5:30 pm for the benefit of school-age kids. The movies shown were severely edited to fit into the time slot, to make room for commercials, and to allow for Kronos to introduce each segment.
Murdock appeared in "Big Top Pee-wee" with New York City natives Albert Henderson and David Byrd. He was also familiar to St. Louis television viewers as the personification of "Grandpa Pidgeon" on commercials for the GrandPa's chain (also known as Grandpa Pidgeon's) of 15 discount retail stores in the St. Louis area and nearby Illinois and Missouri locations.
He hosted the local KTVI-TV presentation of "Adventures of Superman" in 1962, appearing as Mr. Willoughby on a program called "Treehouse Time". Mr. Willoughby lived in a treehouse and introduced Superman and a cartoon from there. The show was 45 minutes long, leaving 15 minutes for local news at the head of the hour. He died in Burbank, California at age seventy-eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19623568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623568" title="Caesar's Camp">
Caesar's Camp

Caesar's Camp is a name used for many Iron Age hill forts in England.
These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19623570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623570" title="2008 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy – Doubles">
2008 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy – Doubles

Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Feliciano López and Fernando Verdasco.
Max Mirnyi and Andy Ram won in the final 6–1, 7–5, against Philipp Petzschner and Alexander Peya.

</doc>
<doc id="19623572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623572" title="Caja Heimann">
Caja Heimann

Caja Heimann (7 December 1918 – 12 August 1988) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 23 films between 1940 and 1980.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623576" title="Top Hits">
Top Hits

Top Hits" is the first Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Paulina Rubio, It was released in 2000.
Last 2 Songs are "Bonus Track" Available only on the Mexican Version CD.

</doc>
<doc id="19623583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623583" title="Nicktoons Nitro">
Nicktoons Nitro

"Not to be confused with Nicktoons Racing or Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing."
Nicktoons Nitro is a racing game which is a sequel to "Nicktoons Racing" and "Nicktoons Winners Cup Racing". It features characters from "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Danny Phantom", ', "The Fairly OddParents", "Invader Zim", '. The game was released in 2009 as an arcade game by developer Raw Thrills.
Story.
An average day in Bikini Bottom turns sour for SpongeBob SquarePants when he gets sucked into a mysterious portal. Several other Nicktoons are also snatched away from their own worlds and all are soon stranded in a mysterious laboratory.
Soon, they see the being responsible for their kidnapping: Evil Nitro, who desires that the Nicktoons race through his planet solely for his amusement. Given unique vehicles and sent into racetracks based on their homeworlds, the Nicktoons compete not just for victory, but to escape from their mysterious captor.
Playable characters.
The following characters are playable for "Nicktoons Nitro".

</doc>
<doc id="19623585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623585" title="Shimohara Dam">
Shimohara Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623592" title="Noceda del Bierzo">
Noceda del Bierzo

Noceda del Bierzo is a village and municipality in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Community of Castile and León, (Spain)).

</doc>
<doc id="19623610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623610" title="Agigawa Dam">
Agigawa Dam

History.
The Agigawa (river) connects with the Kiso River just below Ōi Dam, running through a basin with a fairly large 2,000 mm of annual rainfall, and has long been used by Gifu Prefecture's Tōnō region (which includes the cities of Ena, Gifu, Ena and Nakutsugawa) for tap water and industrial-use water. However, in times of heavy rainfall, Agigawa River would quickly overflow, flooding the surrounding area. The river flows through Ena City, making levee construction difficult; the Chūō Expressway and the Central Japan Railway Company's Chūō Main Line also cross the river, which led to increased demand for safe flood control measures.
Demand for tap water for Nagoya and the Chūkyō Metropolitan Area's postwar population boom, as well as industrial-use water for the Tōkai and Chūkyō Industrial Areas also rose. Attempts to meet water demand for Aichi Prefecture came up short, with the Makio Dam on the Ōtaki River alone proving insufficient. Water was also in short supply in Gifu Prefecture's Tōnō region, centering around Tajimi City, sometimes escalating to drought. Existing water rights and hydroelectricity-use water rights were given priority, precluding the possibility of siphoning off water from the middle of the river, and forcing the creation of multiple small reservoirs.
With these problems in mind, the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (now the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries) unveiled its plan to construct Agigawa Dam to—among other things—secure new water rights for irrigation of Gifu Prefecture's Tōnō region. In 1967, the project was passed along to the Ministry of Construction's Regional Developmental Bureau (now the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Chūbu Regional Developmental Bureau, and in 1969 the construction plans for a special multi-purpose dam were drafted. The Kisogawa had already been marked for water resource development following the Water Resources Development Promotion Act in 1966, but in March 1973 the "Kisogawa River Water System Development Plan " was partially amended, and the project was inherited by the Water Resources Development Public Corporation (now the (Incorporated Administrative) Japan Water Agency).
With this, the construction of the multi-purpose Agigawa Dam continued, with the goal of leveraging both flood prevention and better water usage.
Purpose.
Agigawa Dam was initially slated for completion in 1985, but ran into opposition from 30 households in Ena City's Higashino area and Nakatsugawa City (including the former Iwamura village) that were to be submerged as part of the dam's creation. The dam is located near the main part of Ena City, and residents also opposed it on grounds that it would've disrupted the area's excellent transportation; negotiations stalled. In response, the dam was designated as subject to the Act on Special Measures for Up-stream Area Development, enacted in 1973. This raised the amount of funding for compensating households affected by the dam's construction, as well as funding used for developing local infrastructure related to reservoir area development, which helped move negotiations forward, culminating in the start of construction on the main dam. After 21 years, the dam was completed in 1990.
Agigawa Dam is a central rock-filled impermeable embankment-type dam, with an original height of 100.0 meters that was later extended to 102.0 meters but sank to 101.5 meters. The dam site is curved, and resembles an arch when viewed from the air.
One of its purposes is flood control across the Agigawa and Kisogawa systems' central and lower sections. Along with Maruyama Dam (on the Kisogawa) and a cluster of other multi-purpose dams on the Kisogawa river system, the standardized design flood discharge level at Mount Inuyama was lowered from 16,000 tons per second by 3,500 tons to 12,500 tons per second. Another purpose is for unspecified water utilization, which Agigawa Dam provides for by maintaining the proper flow and ecosystem of the Kisogawa, thus securing customary water usage rights for farmlands in the area.
Agigawa Dam along with Makio Dam and Misogawa Dam provide a source of water to Aichi Prefecture, including tap water for the Owari region, the Chita Peninsula, Nagoya, and Gifu Prefecture's Tōnō region, as well as tap and industrial water to cities of Tajimi, Toki, Mizunami, Ena, and Nakatsugawa.
The dam's presence is felt in times of drought, as in 1994's drought when water to the Chita Peninsula was cut off for 19 hours on one day.
Recreation.
The artificial lake created by Agigawa Dam is called "Agigawa-ko". On the right bank of the dam there is a small museum, restaurant, park, and other facilities, providing a recreational spot for the people of Ena. Summertime fireworks and water fountains that preserve water quality on the lake can also be enjoyed. A concert was held on the lake bottom before it was filled during initial impoundment. In 2005, Agigawa Dam was named as one of the Water Resources Environment Engineering Center's "Selected 100 Dam Lakes" upon recommendation by the city of Ena, along with Ōi Dam (on the Kisogawa).
The same area features a number of other attractions such as Ena Gorge, Iwamura Castle (made famous in the tale of the "Castle Mistress"), Japan Taishō Village (a theme park), the cities of Toki and Mizunami, which are well known for the production of Mino ceramic ware and Oribe ware; Magome-juku and Tsumago-juku, two stations on the Nakasendō, a road that connected Kyōto and Edo; Meiji Mura, and Inuyama Castle. Many visitors travel to the area as a tourist destination.
To reach the dam, take the Chūō Expressway from the Ena Interchange, and after Route 19, transfer to Route 257 from the Masaie intersection, heading straight toward Iwamura until you arrive at the dam. If traveling via public transportation, take the Chūō Main Line to Ena Station, and then transfer to the Tōnō Railways bus going toward Tōnō Station, riding for about 15 to 20 minutes and getting off the bus at "Higashino Koujima".

</doc>
<doc id="19623635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623635" title="Basic Parachute Course">
Basic Parachute Course

The Basic Parachute Course for members of the British Armed Forces is conducted by the Static Line Training Squadron of No.1 Parachute Training School RAF, based at RAF Brize Norton.
The Basic Parachute Course is 4 weeks long for regular troops. During that time, trainees are instructed in exit, flight and landing techniques. They are required to complete eight descents, one at night, to qualify for their 'wings'. Exit training is carried out from full-size mock ups of C-130 Hercules fuselages. In groups of eight, each with its own RAF parachute jumping instructor (PJI), trainees are taught the techniques of jumping individually and in 'sticks', both with and without equipment. Trainees are taught fight drills while suspended from the hangar roof in parachute harnesses on cables. They learn to control their parachutes while descending, and to carry out emergency measures, such as untwisting their rigging lines, taking the necessary action on colliding with another parachutist, and landing in water. Techniques for landing safely are taught using rubber mats. As trainees become more proficient, the height from which they jump is increased by the use of steps and eventually ramps which they run and jump off of. Forward, side and backwards landings are practiced on a six-sided trapeze from which the trainees hang by their hands while being swung in the air. On the command of the PJI, trainees let go and perform the appropriate roll on landing.
The next stage involves the fan trainer. Wearing a harness connected to a cable wound round a drum fitted with fan blades, trainees jump from a platform located near the roof of the hangar; as they fall, their rate of descent is controlled to simulate that with a parachute. More advanced training comes with the exit trainer, designed to simulate the effect of slipstream as the parachutist exits the aircraft. The trainer consists of a wooden cabin, mounted on a structure of girders, equipped with doors representing those on the port and starboard side of the Hercules. On either side cables run from above the trainer to a point near the ground some 55 yards away. Wearing harnesses suspended from them, trainees jump from the trainer and travel the length of the cables in a gradual descent towards the ground, where their progress is arrested by an instructor.
The next stage of the course consists of a parachute descent from a balloon at the dropping zone at Weston-on-the-Green. This is carried out from a height of 800ft (244m) in what is known as "clean fatigue" - without equipment. Subsequently trainees carry out their first descent from a C-130 Hercules in single 'sticks' of six without equipment from one door of the aircraft. Their second descent is again in 'clean fatigue', in single 'sticks' of eight or ten. Trainees then make their third descent, jumping in simultaneous 'sticks' of six from both sides of a Hercules. This is followed by a night descent without equipment. Thereafter, descents are made with equipment, initially in a single 'stick' of six, subsequently in simultaneous 'sticks' of eight or ten and finally in the maximum size of 'stick' possible, depending upon the number of personnel on the course. 
Parachute Badge.
On successful completion of their eight descents, trainees are presented with their 'wings' by the Officer Commanding No. 1 Parachute Training School, and return to their units as qualified parachutists.
The "Parachute Badge with Wings" insignia is only to be worn by a qualified parachutist who has subsequently been on the posted strength of a unit where he may be ordered in the course of his duties to parachute. 
Those who do not serve with a parachute unit are permitted to wear the "Parachute Badge without Wings", colloquially known as the 'Lightbulb'.
Reservists.
The course for members of Territorial Army units and Royal Marines Reserve lasts only two weeks, and trainees are required to complete only seven descents without one at night. Before taking the course, however, they will have unergone a considerable amount of synthetic training to enable them to be of a sufficient standard to carry out their balloon descent and their first aircraft descent by the end of the first week at Brize Norton. The rest of their descents are carried out during the second week of the course.

</doc>
<doc id="19623650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623650" title="Sobrado, León">
Sobrado, León

Sobrado is a municipality in the province of León, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19623662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623662" title="Truchas, León">
Truchas, León

Truchas ("Trueitas", in Leonese language) is a municipality in the Cabreira comarca, province of León, Spain.
Language.
Leonese language is widely spoken in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="19623667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623667" title="Maino discography">
Maino discography

The discography of Maino, an American hip hop recording artist, consists of two studio albums, one compilation album, one extended play (EP), thirteen mixtapes, nine singles (including three as a featured artist), four promotional singles and nine music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="19623668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623668" title="Vallecillo, León">
Vallecillo, León

Vallacillo is a municipality in the province of León, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19623672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623672" title="Hosobidani Dam">
Hosobidani Dam

The is a dam in Hichisō, Gifu Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19623682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623682" title="Jergenia">
Jergenia

Jergenia var. Djergenia/Dzhergeniya (Abkhaz:. Џьергьениа) – Abkhazian family name of peasant origin. The representatives of the family originate from Lykhny village (Gudauta distcrict of Abkhazia) live in Abkhazia, Russia and Turkey. The main branch of the family is Gyar-ipa (abkh. “Gyar’s son”).

</doc>
<doc id="19623699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623699" title="Iwaya Dam">
Iwaya Dam

The is a dam in Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It supports a 288 MW hydroelectric power station.

</doc>
<doc id="19623701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623701" title="Karl Hals">
Karl Hals

Karl Marius Anton Johan Hals (27 April 1822 – 7 September 1898) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Sørum as the son of colonel and customs inspector Caspar Andreas Hals. When his father was appointed customs inspector in Christiania in 1828, the family moved there. Together with his brother Petter Hals, who was one year younger, he took a carpenter's education between 1840 and 1842. After this, Karl Hals spent time in Copenhagen and Hamburg to learn the skill of piano building. He then returned to Christiania to found the piano factory "Brødrene Hals" (The Hals Brothers) in 1847 together with his brother.
Originally they employed only one person; in 1866 this number had risen to 36. They production facilities were moved around in the early years, eventually settling at the site of the later Hotel Continental. His brother died in 1871, however Karl Hals had several sons and grandsons who became involved in the company as managers and owners. By 1897, a year before the death of Karl Hals, the company peaked at 100 employees. It delivered pianos not only to Scandinavian customers, but also to the United States and Australia. One piano is on exhibit in the Norwegian Museum of Science and Technology. From 1887 to 1908 the company also ran a music store and a concert bureau.
Hals was the chairman of the employers' organisation "Den Norske Haandvaerks- og Industriforening, Christiania" from 1878 to 1897. In addition he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1889, representing the constituency of "Kristiania, Hønefoss og Kongsvinger". He only served one term.
Hals was proclaimed Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1874, and in 1889 he was upgraded to Commander of the same order. He was also Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog as well as Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur.
A daughter of his, named Marie, married the musician Ole Olsen.

</doc>
<doc id="19623718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623718" title="Barry Morrow">
Barry Morrow

Barry Morrow (born June 12, 1948) is an American screenwriter and producer. He wrote the story and co-wrote the screenplay for "Rain Man".
Several of Morrow's scripts are inspired by real people, especially people with disabilities and/or extraordinary talents. These include the savant played by Dustin Hoffman in the film Rain Man, inspired by the real savant Kim Peek; and mentally retarded Bill Sackter, played by Mickey Rooney in the TV movie "Bill". Both of these won writing Oscar, Emmy and other awards for Morrow and for the actors who portrayed them.
Morrow was born in Austin, Minnesota and studied at St. Olaf College.
Morrow gave his Oscar statuette as a gift to Kim Peek, the savant who was the inspiration for the character of Raymond Babbitt in "Rain Man".
Along with the award-winning TV movie "Bill" (1981), Morrow wrote CBS's Bill: On His Own (1983). His relationship with Bill Sackter is presented in the feature length 2008 documentary "A Friend Indeed – The Bill Sackter Story".
A member of the Association of Retarded Citizens, the National Association of Social Workers, and the Autism Society of America, Mr. Morrow is a lifelong advocate for the rights of persons with disabilities.
He is an avid golfer, and is known to play the majority of his golf rounds using an eight club bag of hickory stick (wooden shaft) golf clubs made pre-1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19623734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623734" title="Kamiasō Dam">
Kamiasō Dam

The Gravity dam completed in 1926 and managed by Chubu Electric Power. The water intake "Kamiasō plant" at generating 27,000 kilowatts of electricity. 
and Japan water agency's "Kisogawa Yosui"to water from here, which is used for irrigation and water supply in central Gifu prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19623735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623735" title="Hotel Continental (disambiguation)">
Hotel Continental (disambiguation)

Hotel Continental may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19623737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623737" title="Clara Østø">
Clara Østø

Clara Østø (14 January 1911 – 22 May 1983) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 22 films between 1934 and 1979.
She was born in Århus, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623743" title="Door of Prophecies">
Door of Prophecies

The Door of Prophecies or Gate of Prophecies is a large door inside the Syrian Monastery, of Wadi El Natrun (Natron Valley) in Egypt, that features symbolic diagrams depicting the past and the future of the Christian faith through the eyes of Christian monks of the tenth century. Several centuries ago, that location was used mainly by Syrian monks, however today the monastery is used and preserved by Coptic monks and the Coptic Church, as both Churches have been in friendship and alliance since early Christianity. The Door of Prophecies dates to the beginning of the tenth century, around 913–914 AD, according to the Syriac language inscriptions on it, during the papacy of Pope Gabriel I of Alexandria (910–921). The panels on the large door divide and represent Christian epochs through time, epochs preceding the time of its construction, the tenth century and also prophesizing and predicting future time periods. 
The door of prophecies is a screen of a main sanctuary inside the monastery. It consists of six vertical leaves (panels) and seven horizontal rows, three forming a valve on each side. Each one of the six leaves has seven panels of ebony magnificently inlaid with ivory, however, today some of the panels are not in their original condition. From top to bottom they represent seven epochs which are believed to cover the history of Christianity, its past and future, highlighting its golden age, periods of major changes, hardships, and persecution. 
The historical and spiritual interpretations of the panels are highly individual. The following are the seven epochs:

</doc>
<doc id="19623748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623748" title="Barwickia">
Barwickia

Barwickia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish which lived during the Devonian period. Fossils have been found in Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19623749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623749" title="Kunming–Hai Phong Railway">
Kunming–Hai Phong Railway

The Yunnan–Vietnam Railway (; ; , "Indo-Chinese–Yunnan Railroad") is an 855 km railway built by France during 1904-1910, connecting Haiphong, Vietnam with Kunming, Yunnan province, China. The section within China from Kunming to Hekou is known as the Kunming–Hekou Railway (), and is 466 km long. The section within Vietnam is 389 km long, and is considered a part of Hanoi–Lào Cai Railway (). The railway used gauge due to the mountainous terrain along the route. Currently it is the only main line in China using metre gauge.
History.
Prior to the construction of the railway, the standard travel time from Haiphong (the closest sea port to most of Yunnan) to Kunming was reckoned by the Western authorities to be 28 days: 16 days by steamer and then a small boat up the Red River to Manhao (425 miles), and then 12 days overland (194 miles).
The railway was opened in 1910. The metre gauge section was originally administered in more or less the same way as the Indochinese networks, and if not for a "missing link" through Cambodia (between Saigon and Phnom Penh), it would have been physically possible for through trains to run from Kunming to Singapore, as metre gauge was used in Malaya as well.
Under pressure from Japan, France closed the line on 16 July 1940 to cut supplies to China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. During the Japanese occupation Japanese National Railways Class 9600 2-8-0 locomotives were shipped to aid their invasion, and after the completion of the "death railway" it was possible for a time to send through traffic to Burma and hence to the Indian metre gauge network. This is now not possible, as sections of the railway were destroyed during the conflicts since World War II.
During the Sino-Vietnamese War of 1979, the railway bridge at the two countries' border was destroyed, and the trade between China and Vietnam came to a halt for a period of some years.
Gebishi Railway.
The Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge Gebishi branch line was built from Caoba towards Shiping and was long. It was constructed in 1915 and the last part was closed in 1990.
Present state.
Twice-a-week cross-border passenger service (involving the passengers having to transfer from a Chinese train to a Vietnamese train at the border station) operated as late as 2000, but landslides caused frequent delays.
Eventually, in 2005
the passenger service on the Chinese section of the railway (the Kunming–Hekou Railway) was terminated,
and most of the passenger coaches were donated to Myanmar.
In 2008, passenger service on a small part (37 km long) of the Chinese section of the railway was resumed, but on a very limited scale. As of 2012,
two daily trains run from Kunming North Railway Station on the meter-gauge tracks to Shizui (石咀) Station on the western outskirts of Kunming, 
and to Wangjiaying (王家营) east of the city.
Freight service still continues to operate throughout the Kunming–Hekou Railway.
On the Vietnamese side, passenger trains continue to run from Hanoi to the border town of Lào Cai.
The new Kunming–Hekou railway line.
A new standard-gauge railway line from Kunming toward the Vietnamese border is under construction. Its first section, a railway branch from Kunming to Yuxi, was opened in 1993. The new Yuxi–Mengzi section opened for freight service in February 2013; in April 2013, passenger trains started running daily as far as Mengzi North, 258 km south of Kunming and approximately 150 km north of Hekou; the second daily train was added by July. Although this new Kunming–Yuxi–Mengzi rail line roughly parallels the old Kunming–Hai Phong Railway, the two railway's routes are significantly different: the new rail line, passing through Tonghai and Jianshui, is about 30 km west of the old narrow-gauge railway (which runs via Yiliang and Kaiyuan).
The work is under way to complete the Mengzi-Hekou section. The completion date is indeterminate, although one claim has it being complete in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19623755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623755" title="Oscar (footballer born 1991)">
Oscar (footballer born 1991)

Oscar dos Santos Emboaba Júnior (; born 9 September 1991), known as Oscar, is a Brazilian footballer, who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Premier League club Chelsea and the Brazil national team.
Oscar began his career at São Paulo, where he won the Brazilian Serie A in 2008. In 2009, he went to court against the club due to irregularities in his contract. After a series of controversies he left for Internacional, where he spent the next three years of his career. His displays for club and country led to him signing for Premier League club Chelsea in 2012.
Oscar is a Brazil international and has represented his country at the under-20 level, at the 2012 London Olympics and at senior level. On 20 August 2011, Oscar scored three goals in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup final win against Portugal, becoming the first player to score a hat-trick in the FIFA U-20 World Cup final. Oscar later described his performances at the tournament as being a "gateway to the senior side." He earned his first cap for the national team against Argentina. His first goal also came against Argentina in a 4–3 defeat in June 2012. 
His playing style and ability have drawn comparison to Brazil international Kaká.
Club career.
Youth career.
Born in Americana, Oscar came through the youth academy at União Barbarense and impressed from an early age. Oscar was spotted by talent scouts who took him to the state capital where he subsequently joined São Paulo FC in 2004 at the age of 13. He made his professional debut in 2008. In 2009, he made 11 appearances for the first team, aged just 17.
Internacional.
Initially, Oscar joined Internacional after a contractual dispute with his former club São Paulo, with Oscar's agent claiming that the club had not paid salaries as promised. Oscar's representatives argued that his contract with São Paulo was null and void whereupon Oscar joined Internacional as a free agent. São Paulo continued to claim that Oscar belonged to them and lodged legal appeals which prevented Oscar from playing for Inter in vital CoMdldd
Ds nlpa Libertadores fixtures. Eventually, a settlement was agreed upon between São Paulo and Internacional on 30 May 2012. Oscar's first season at Internacional was blighted by injury.
Chelsea.
2012–13 season.
On 16 July 2012, Chelsea agreed a fee of £19.35 million for Oscar, a fee that was released in the financial statement from Internacional for that year. On 25 July, Chelsea announced on their official website that the signing of Oscar had been completed. Oscar was given the number 11 shirt, last worn by former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba, who had left the club a month earlier.
On 19 August 2012, Oscar made his debut for Chelsea by coming on in the 64th minute for Eden Hazard in their opening game of the 2012–13 season against Wigan Athletic. In Chelsea's next match against Reading on 22 August, Oscar came in for Ramires in the 57th minute and was heavily involved in the team's 4–2 win.
Oscar made his first start of the season in Chelsea's first Champions League match against Juventus. After making the match 1–0 in favour of Chelsea with a deflected effort, he added a stunning second, which curled over Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon. Oscar was then awarded Man of the Match honours. Oscar commented on his second goal, saying, "I am very happy with two goals on my debut but I would have been much happier if the team had won the game. In Brazil, young boys dream of playing in the Champions League and I'm very proud to have realized my dream."
Oscar then made his first Premier League start in a 1–0 victory over Stoke City. Following his good performances, Oscar became a regular starter in Roberto Di Matteo's creative midfield triumvirate with Juan Mata and Eden Hazard. Oscar scored his third goal of the season, in the Champions League, in Chelsea's 2–1 away defeat against Shakhtar Donetsk in Donetsk. Oscar continued his brilliant scoring record in Europe by scoring in an open net from 40 yards out in the reverse fixture against Shakhtar at Stamford Bridge, a match which Chelsea won 3–2. Oscar also scored in Europe in ultimately Chelsea's last Champions League fixture, making the score 6–1 for Chelsea against debutantes Nordsjælland.
After the sacking of manager Roberto Di Matteo on 21 November, interim manager Rafael Benítez only started Oscar three times in his first seven games. Benítez praised Oscar's attitude following FIFA Club World Cup Final against Corinthians snub and believed there was no rift between himself and the player. He scored his first Premier League goal for the club on 23 December, scoring a penalty during a 8–0 win against Aston Villa. 
On 14 February 2013, less than a minute after coming off the bench to replace Juan Mata, Oscar exchanged passes with Eden Hazard before finishing past Tomáš Vaclík, breaking the deadlock and handing Chelsea a 1–0 away victory over Sparta Praha in the first leg of their Europea League Round of 32 clash.
On 15 May, Oscar played the full ninety minutes as Chelsea defeated Benfica 2–1 in the Europa League final in Amsterdam, securing his first piece of silverware with the London club. The following day, Oscar capped off his first season with the club with an individual award, as his sublime goal against Juventus in the Champions League was named the Chelsea "Goal of the Season."
2013–14 season.
In the first match of the 2013–14 season on 18 August, Oscar scored Chelsea's opening goal in a 2–0 win over Hull City. Oscar scored his second goal of the season in a Champions League match against FC Basel. He opened the scoring against local rivals Fulham in the next round of Premier League fixtures, the final score being 2–0 with Mikel scoring the other goal, his first Premier League goal for Chelsea. Oscar scored the opening goal in a match away to Norwich City, the final score 3–1 in favour of Chelsea. In the match against Cardiff, Oscar scored the third goal for Chelsea to help them on their way to a 4–1 home win. Oscar continued his fine form and scored against West Ham United at Boleyn Ground on 1 October, 2013 in Chelsea's 0-3 win. On 1 January, 2014 Oscar put up a match winning performance against Southampton F.C. at St Mary's Stadium scoring one and assisting two as Chelsea won the match 0-3. However Oscar was booked in that match for diving. On 26 January 2014 Oscar scored Chelsea's only goal by a delightful free kick against Stoke City in FA Cup as Chelsea progressed to next round. 
International career.
Under-20.
On 20 August 2011, Oscar scored three goals in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup final win against Portugal, becoming the first player to score a hat-trick in the FIFA U-20 World Cup final. This performance was immediately compared to the 1966 hat trick by Geoff Hurst as only the second time a single player scored three goals in a World Cup final match.
2012 Olympics.
Oscar was named into a strong Brazilian squad to compete at the Olympics in London. Oscar starred in Brazil's 3–2 victory over Egypt in the opening game, providing the assists for goals by Rafael and Leandro Damião. In Brazil's next game, a 3–1 victory over Belarus, Oscar netted the "Seleção'"s third goal in injury time, after being played through by Neymar, to send the Brazilians into the quarter-finals. All goals in the Olympics was assisted or scored by Oscar and Neymar, the two prodigies who are both regarded as the exceptional talents coming from Brazil. Oscar provided two assists, one to Rômulo and another for Leandro Damião, as the "Seleção" defeated South Korea 3–0 in the semi-finals at Old Trafford on 7 August. Brazil went on to lose the final against Mexico 2–1. It was then reported that he later took his girlfriend into the locker room and into the shower with him. When asked about this rumour, he denied it, stating, "Who was so desperate to make up such rubbish?" Later, the media apologized for the news; the woman who fabricated the story lost her job as a journalist the next day.
Senior team.
Oscar was given his first senior call-up as a substitute in a 0–0 draw against Argentina. Due to injuries to the attacking midfielder Ganso, he saw his national team opportunities increase and was even preferred over more experienced playmakers on a number of occasions. In June 2012, Oscar scored his first international goal in a friendly match against Argentina, which Brazil went on to lose 4–3. He also scored a penalty against China as well as recording three assists in the 8–0 rout, before firing a brace against Iraq one month later.
On 25 March 2013 Oscar played against Russia at Stamford Bridge with fellow Chelsea F.C. teammates David Luiz and Ramires.
Confederations Cup 2013.
Oscar played in all of Brazil's games in the tournament as they beat Spain 3–0 in the final to claim the trophy. He provided the assist for the second goal in the final, scored by Neymar.
International goals.
Brazil U-23.
"Scores and results list Brazil's goal tally first".
Playing style.
Although only 22 years old, Oscar has drawn many comparisons to well-established players Mesut Özil and fellow Brazilian teammate Kaká due to his playmaking abilities. A superb dribbler, Oscar is very fluid and creative in his runs. As a playmaker, Oscar has great vision and is able to deliver the precise pass to his teammates. Oscar is extremely effective in building up play in areas higher up the pitch and his cunning runs as well as skillful short range passing make him a threat in and near the opponent's box. Although he typically played in central attacking midfield for Internacional, since his transfer to Chelsea, Oscar has been deployed as the main creator behind the striker. Known for his vision for picking out teammates in tight positions and carving out chances in difficult situations, Oscar acts as the catalyst in Chelsea's attack, and was widely praised for his role in the team's Europa League success in 2013. Under José Mourinho, Oscar has been used as Chelsea's primary playmaker. His flexibility of being able to play in wider positions is also admired.
Personal life.
Oscar is married to his childhood sweetheart, Ludmila, who is of Japanese descent. They regularly show their relationship via Instagram. Oscar is a practicing Catholic and prays before each game so that he can relax and find confidence for the match. He started taking English classes when he moved to London and became flat neighbours with former teammate Juan Mata and Fulham midfielder Giorgos Karagounis upon his arrival at the club. Oscar confirmed on the 1 January 2014 via his Instagram that he and his wife are expecting a child.

</doc>
<doc id="19623757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623757" title="Phidippus pius">
Phidippus pius

Phidippus pius is a species of jumping spider that is found in Central America and North America.
Name.
The species name is derived from the Latin word "pius" or "pious", meaning dutiful, godly, or holy.

</doc>
<doc id="19623772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623772" title="Maccabi Sha'arayim F.C.">
Maccabi Sha'arayim F.C.

Maccabi Sha'arayim () is an Israeli football club from the city Rehovot, currently playing in Liga Alef.
The club spent the past seven seasons in the top division from 1963 to 1969, and a single season in 1985–86.
History.
The club was promoted to Liga Leumit (then the top division) for the first time in 1963. In their first season in the league they finished 11th out of 15. The following season the club finished sixth, which remains their highest ever league position.
In the 1965-66 season they narrowly avoided relegation, finishing one place above the relegation zone. In 1969 Maccabi reach the cup final for the first (and to date only) time, but lost 1-0 to Hakoah Ramat Gan. In the same season they finished second bottom of the league and were relegated back to Liga Alef.
The final match of the 1971-72 season saw the club have a chance to return to the top flight, but they lost 2-1 to Hapoel Marmorek, who went up instead. Two years later they qualified for the promotion/relegation play-offs, but failed to win any of their five matches and finished bottom of the group.
At the end of the 1977-78 season they finished bottom of Liga Artzit (the second division) on goal difference (the bottom five clubs all finished on 19 points) and were relegated to Liga Alef (now the third tier).
In 1984 they returned to Liga Artzit, and won a second consecutive promotion, returning to Liga Leumit for the first time in 16 years. However, they finished bottom, and were relegated back to Liga Artzit. 
The club dropped back into the third tier at the end of the 1992-93 season, and were relegated to the fourth tier at the end of the 2000-01 season, before dropping into Liga Bet, the fifth tier. At the end of the 2011–12 season the club returned to Liga Alef.
Players.
Current squad.
As of 23 January 2014. Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19623776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623776" title="Kaneyama Dam">
Kaneyama Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623780" title="Al Cannava">
Al Cannava

Anthony Louis Cannava (born May 24, 1924) is a former American football halfback/defensive back in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Cannava entered the NFL after playing college ball at Boston College. He played one game for the Packers in the 1950 season, and then retired from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="19623810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623810" title="Arsen Gitinov">
Arsen Gitinov

Arsen Gitinov (born June 1, 1977) is a male freestyle wrestler from Kyrgyzstan. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. After defeating Krystian Brzozowski and Ibrahim Aldatov in the preliminary rounds, he was eliminated in the quarterfinals by Kiril Terziev.
Representing Russia, he was a silver medalist of Men's freestyle 69kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="19623819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623819" title="Jerson Ribeiro">
Jerson Ribeiro

Jerson Anes Ribeiro (born March 9, 1988 in Rotterdam, Netherlands), is a Cape Verdean international footballer. He plays as an offensive midfielder.
Career.
He also played for FC Dordrecht in the Eerste Divisie (on loan from Feyenoord), and SBV Excelsior, with whom he spent an entire Eerste Divisie season (on loan from Feyenoord) plus the first half of the club's 2010–11 Eredivisie campaign.
He joined Fortuna Sittard of Eerste Divisie on 31 January 2011. He joined FC Etar 1924 Veliko Tarnovo of Bulgaria in 2013.
International career.
In February 2011, Ribeiro was called by Cape Verde for a friendly match against Burkina Faso in Óbidos, Portugal. The result was a 1-0 victory and he made there his international debut replacing to Lito.

</doc>
<doc id="19623828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623828" title="Lili Heglund">
Lili Heglund

Lili Heglund (5 September 1904 – 3 October 1992) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 24 films between 1938 and 1973.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623860" title="Yoshihiro Nakao">
Yoshihiro Nakao

Yoshihiro "Kiss" Nakao () is a Japanese semi-retired professional mixed martial artist and former K-1 kickboxer and PRIDE FC fighter who has defeated the likes of Don Frye, Choi Mu-Bae, Jim York, Wesley Correira and Edson Draggo. Nakao is a World Victory Road veteran and signed a contract with DREAM in 2011 before the promotion closed in mid-2012. Nakao lost to Antonio Silva at after suffering an ACL injury as a result of a leg kick from Silva in the first round. Nakao most recently fought Dave Herman at Sengoku: Soul of Fight, losing by unanimous decision. In 2012 Nakao has decided to briefly retire from mixed martial arts to let some of his recent injuries heal and focus on family more.
New Year's Eve kiss.
On December 31, 2005, Nakao was involved in a memorable MMA moment during K-1's Dynamite 2005 show.
During the pre-fight staredown with opponent Heath Herring, Nakao leaned in and kissed him on the lips. Herring reacted, delivering a right hook to the jaw of Nakao, knocking him out cold. Herring was immediately disqualified and Nakao was carried from the ring. Shortly thereafter, Nakao's cornermen attacked Herring and a brief melee ensued.
The fight result has since been changed by K-1 from a disqualification loss for Herring to a no contest, as K-1 judges ruled that Nakao's kiss and Herring's subsequent knockout punch were both fouls.

</doc>
<doc id="19623865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623865" title="Douban">
Douban

Douban.com (), launched on March 6, 2005, is a Chinese SNS website allowing registered users to record information and create content related to film, books, music, and recent events and activities in Chinese cities. Douban also owns an internet radio station, which ranks No.1 in iOS app store as of 2012. Unlike Facebook and Renren, Douban is open to both registered and unregistered users. For registered users, the site recommends potential interesting books/movies/music to them in addition to serving as a social network website and record keeper; for unregistered users, the site is a good place to find ratings and reviews of books/movies/music.
Douban has about 53 million registered users in 2011.
The site serves Pan-Chinese users, and its contents are in Chinese. It covers works and media in both Chinese and foreign languages. Some Chinese authors and critics register their official personal pages on the site.
Founder.
Douban is founded by Ph.D Bo Yang. Dr. Yang had majored in Physics in Tsinghua University before he attended University of California at San Diego as a PhD student. After having received his Ph.D in computational physics, he worked as a research scientist at IBM. Later, he returned to China, becoming the CTO of a software company founded by one of his friends. In 2005, Dr. Yang started to create a web 2.0 site for travelling, named Luzong (驴宗), initially a one man project at a Starbucks in Beijing. In a couple of months, however, the site was transformed to what is now known as Douban.com.
Censorship.
Douban has attracted a large number of intellectuals who are eager to discuss social issues. This makes douban vulnerable to be outlawed by the Chinese government. Douban has introduced a massive censorship on all contents posted in the website and often found itself in the hot water of controversy.
In March 2009, douban removed art paintings of the Renaissance for the ground that it contained 'pornographic' elements. The action led to a campaign called "Portraits: Dress up" in which internet users were asked to dress up images of famous renaissance nudes in a protest against douban's self-censorship. The discussion about the campaign was then removed by the administrator.
That year also saw the 20th anniversary of Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, and douban has further extended its keyword list to ban any terms that may be relevant to the incident. One notable example is the ban on merely mentioning the name of Victoria Park in Hong Kong where the memorial gathering for the 20th anniversary was held, in the fear that it may lead to sensitive discussions. Users also found that some discussion groups, like a Hong Kong cultural study group "hkren" were suddenly banned and all topics were removed without any notices. The action further angered some members to move to other similar websites that employ lesser strict self-censorship policies.

</doc>
<doc id="19623866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623866" title="Granny Kempock Stone">
Granny Kempock Stone

The megalithic Kempock Stone, popularly known as Granny Kempock (perhaps because of its resemblance to an old woman), stands on a cliff behind Kempock Street, the main shopping street in Gourock, Scotland. The stone, or menhir, is grey mica schist and of indeterminate origin, but it has been suggested that it is an old altar to the pagan god Baal, or a memorial to an ancient battle. Supposedly there is a superstition that for sailors going on a long voyage or a couple about to be married, walking seven times around the stone would ensure good fortune. A flight of steps winds up to the stone from Kempock Street below.
There is also an association with witchcraft. In 1662 Mary Lamont and a group of other local women were burned to death in the local area after it was alleged that she and her coven had danced around the stone on the sabbath, with the intention of cursing and sinking shipping that passed through the Clyde by casting the long-stone into the sea.
A decorative iron archway sits above the passageway leading up to the stone.
A number of markings exist on the stone. Some of these appear to be 17th-19th century graffiti and most are obviously initials. Alongside some of these initials are some as yet unexplained symbols or markings which resemble modern-day navigation marks. These may be Mason's marks but it is unclear why someone would claim artistry on an irregularly shaped piece of stone with no apparent working unless of course it originally formed part of a larger structure, perhaps nearby Gourock Castle. There is also a 2 cm hole at the bottom of the stone. It is not known if this hole is goes all the way through the stone but if it does this could point to the stone having been moved at some point or used as perhaps an anchor stone or counterweight. Given the stone's current location it has been suggested that the stone's original location may have been elsewhere.
A 1987 children's TV series "Shadow of the Stone" written by Catherine Lucy Czerkawska dramatises the witchcraft element starring Shirley Henderson in the role of a young girl who has some kind of spiritual connection with Mary Lamont. Scenes were filmed in and around Gourock.
In "Notes about Gourock", published 1880, Reverend D. Macrae writes..
A Bronze Age standing stone dating from about 2000bc.
This is the famous 'Lang Stane' of Gourock, more familiarly spoken of as 'Granny Kempock'...It is
supposed that the Kempock Stone marks the site in Druid times of an altar to Baal...
However that may be, The Kempock Stane was for many centuries an object of superstitious awe and reverence...Marriages in the District were
not regarded as lucky unless the wedded pair passed round the 'lang stane', and obtained in this way Granny Kempock's blessing...
It was chiefly in connection with the winds and sea that the Kempock Stane was regarded with superstitious dread...sailors and fishermen were
we... to take a basketful of sand from the shore and walk seven times round Granny Kempock, chanting a weird song to insure for themselves a safe and prosperous voyage."
OS Ref (GB): NS240778 / Sheet: 63

</doc>
<doc id="19623867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623867" title="Jeff James">
Jeff James

Jeffrey Lynn James (September 29, 1941 – May 7, 2006), nicknamed "Jesse", was an American Major League Baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who appeared in 35 games from – for the Philadelphia Phillies. He won six games, including one shutout. A native of Indianapolis, Indiana, he attended Indiana State University. Jeff had three children, two from his first marriage to Linda Donnelly. Kimberly Lynne was born in 1966 and Kelly Lynne was born in 1968. Jeff Jr., his third child, was born during his second marriage. James died of lung cancer in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19623868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623868" title="Hitchwiki">
Hitchwiki

Hitchwiki is "a collaborative project to build a free guide for hitchhikers". It is an international exchange for information about hitchhiking in many countries, and contains specific tips, for example, for hitchhiking out of the large cities, general information about equipment, safety and strategies to quickly and efficiently hitchhike. There are also personal profiles of the hitchhikers, travel stories, photos, blogs and discussion forums. According to the Guardian, it is part of an "internet-fueled revival" of hitchhiking.
The project was started on April 14, 2005, abandoned for a while and then moved to Wikia. In November 2006, it was moved to hitchwiki.org and relaunched as Hitchwiki; at the same time versions of it in other languages were started. As of March 2012 there are 2,351 articles on the English language Hitchwiki, while the site is available in another 10 languages, such as German, Spanish, French, Finnish, Portuguese, Bulgarian and Russian. The website makes use of MediaWiki, WordPress and BuddyPress and allows anonymous edits. It's possible to log in through OpenID. Database dumps of the articles are available for download.

</doc>
<doc id="19623873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623873" title="Hotel Continental, Oslo">
Hotel Continental, Oslo

Hotel Continental is a hotel in Oslo, Norway, that opened in 1900. 
The background story of the Continental is like an old fairytale, about a young couple, who through their hard work and entrepreneurship created a monument that will live for many years. It all started in Sweden in 1860, with the birth of Caroline Boman. Her family was poor, and instead of emigrating to America, something that was customary at the time, she crossed the border from Sweden to Christiania, now Oslo Norway in 1887, where she got a job as a cook. Four years later, she married Christian Hansen, who was from Oslo and worked as a waiter.
Hotel Continental and Theatercaféen opened in 1900, right after the opening of the National Theatre. The business was originally owned by Foss Brewery, but was run by different tenants who all had to give up. Caroline and Christian Boman Hansen took over the lease in 1909, and within only three years they were able to purchase the establishment. 
In 1932 and 1961 respectively the hotel and restaurant was expanded, and now occupies a whole block centrally located in the center of Oslo. Through four generations the same family has built and developed the hotel and the restaurants into what the establishment is today. Elisabeth C. Brochmann is the current and fourth generation owner. In 1985 she took over the daily operations from her mother Ellen Brochmann. 
The Hotel Continental offers 155 individually furnished rooms, many of which are newly renovated. The hotel is a 5 star property of high international standard, and is the only Norwegian member of The Leading Hotels of the World. 
The renowned restaurant Theatercaféen is part of the establishment. This newly renovated wiener-café is listed on the New York Times list of the world’s most famous Vienna-styled cafes. The hotel’s gourmet restaurant Eik Annen Etage is run by renown chef Ole Jonny Eikefjord in partnership with investor Petter Stordalen. Hotel Continental has an extensive art collection, and in the lobby bar “Dagligstuen” there is a large collection of prints by Edvard Munch. In addition, the hotel has conference and banqueting facilities with the capacity of up to 300 guests.
Literature.
Caspar Brochmann: Mors hus, Hotel Continental – en personlig affære gjennom 75 år. Oslo 1986. (Norwegian)

</doc>
<doc id="19623875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623875" title="Douban (disambiguation)">
Douban (disambiguation)

Douban may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19623886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623886" title="Macho ya Mji">
Macho ya Mji

Macho ya Mji ("City Eyes" in Swahili) is a Kenyan comic by Ruth Wairimu Karani and Kham.
The comic, first published on 26 March 1998 by Sasa Sema Publications, stars two boys and a blind beggar in Nairobi. The group tries to stop crimes and assist the police. The comic includes Swahili proverbs (methali) written in contemporary Kenyan slang.

</doc>
<doc id="19623896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623896" title="Littlest Pet Shop (video game)">
Littlest Pet Shop (video game)

Littlest Pet Shop is a video game of the Littlest Pet Shop franchise for the PC, Wii, and Nintendo DS. The game was released in North America on October 14, 2008. A second version was released on October 20, 2009.
History.
In August 2007, Electronic Arts gained the rights to some Hasbro brands, like "Monopoly", "Littlest Pet Shop", and Nerf. In February, EA Casual Entertainment announced that their EA Salt Lake Studio would develop and release "Littlest Pet Shop" and "Nerf N-Strike".
Versions.
In Fall 2008, the "Littlest Pet Shop" was released for Wii, Microsoft Windows, and Nintendo DS. For Nintendo DS, the game was initially released in three versions: Jungle, Garden and Winter, each with different pets. A fourth DS version, Spring, was released in March 2009. The Wii version has all the pets from the DS versions (excluding Spring edition). The PC version is the same as the Wii. The DS versions contained 20 pets and featured over 150 accessories for them.
"Littlest Pet Shop Friends", a second edition of the game, was released in October 2009 for Wii and Nintendo DS. The Nintendo DS versions include: City Friends, Country Friends, and Beach Friends.
A DSiWare edition of "Littlest Pet Shop" was released in North America on December 14, 2009 and in the PAL regions on December 18, 2009. The cost is 800 Nintendo points. In late 2012, Gameloft released a Littlest Pet Shop game for iOS devices.
Pets.
Wii, PC, and Nintendo DS.
Gameplay.
Wii gameplay revolves around collecting all the pets and amassing the largest. In-game elements cost Kibble Coins. Players can compete in a variety of games to earn Kibble. Besides buying pets and play sets, players can buy different accessories for their pets, ranging from hats, to collars, to glasses.
In "Littlest Pet Shop Friends" for the Nintendo DS, the player tries to make a surprise party.
In "Littlest Pet Shop 3: Biggest Stars", players attempt to make their pets the biggest stars in Biggest Stars Village. There are many activities such as hoops and dancing. Players can talk to the dog in the red ball next to Hero Hoops Arena to receive special LPSO codes.

</doc>
<doc id="19623898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623898" title="Islamic Museum, Jerusalem">
Islamic Museum, Jerusalem

The Islamic Museum is a museum on the Temple Mount in the Old City section of Jerusalem. On display are exhibits from ten periods of Islamic history encompassing several Muslim regions. The museum is located adjacent to al-Aqsa Mosque. It is not to be confused with the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, also a museum in Jerusalem.
History.
The building was originally constructed by the Knights Templar, who used it as an annex to their headquarters established at the former Al-Aqsa Mosque. Following the Muslim reconquest of Jerusalem, the mosque was restored in 1194 AD. The annex building served an assembly hall for the Fakhr al-Din Mohammad School, a madrasa built by al-Mansur Qalawun in 1282 CE, during the Mamluk era. The museum was established by the Supreme Muslim Council in 1923. Shadia Yousef Touqan was the head planner of the site. Khader Salameh is the head curator of the museum.
Exhibits.
The Islamic Museum displays large copper soup kettles used in the Khasseki Sultan soup kitchen, built through a donation by the wife of Suleiman the Magnificent, dating back to the 16th century, as well as stained glass windows, wooden panels, ceramic tiles and iron doors from the reign of Suleiman the Magnificent. Also on display are a cannon used to announce the breaking of Ramadan, a large collection of weapons, a large wax tree trunk, the charred remains of a "minbar" built by Nur ad-Din Zangi in the 1170s and destroyed by an Australian tourist in 1969, and the blood-stained clothing of 17 Palestinians killed in the rioting on the Temple Mount in 1990.
Qur'an manuscripts.
The museum has 600 copies of the Qur'an donated to the al-Aqsa Mosque during the Umayyad, Abbasid, Fatimid, Ayyubid, Mamluk, Ottoman eras by caliphs, sultans, emirs, ulama and private individuals. Each differ in size, calligraphy and ornamentation. One is a hand-written Qur'an whose transcription is attributed to the great-great grandson of Muhammad. Another is written in Kufic script dating back to the 8th-9th century. A 30-part Moroccan Rab’ah was bequeathed by Sultan Abu al-Hasan al-Marini of Morocco, the only manuscript remaining from three collections that the sultan dispatched to the mosques of the three holy cities in Islam — Mecca, Medina and Jerusalem. In addition, there is a very large Qur'an measuring , dating back to the 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19623900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623900" title="Mogens Brandt">
Mogens Brandt

Mogens Brandt (1 March 1909 – 21 January 1970) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 33 films between 1944 and 1969.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19623919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623919" title="Charles Cruchon">
Charles Cruchon

Charles Cruchon was a French cyclist of the early 1900s and 1910s. He was born in Paris in 1883.
He took part in the Tour of Belgium in 1907, as well as finishing in the top ten in two Tours de France in 1910 and 1911.
He died in 1956 in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19623921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623921" title="Potassium formate">
Potassium formate

Potassium formate is the potassium salt of formic acid. It is an intermediate in the formate potash process for the production of potassium. Potassium formate has also been studied as a potential environmentally friendly deicing salt for use on roads.

</doc>
<doc id="19623922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623922" title="Rockport Art Association">
Rockport Art Association

Rockport Art Association is one of the oldest art associations in the United States. It started as an artist's cooperative and became a gathering place of New England artists of the 20th century. The artists Aldro Hibbard, Antonio Cirino, Paul Strisik, Anthony Thieme, W. Lester Stevens and Harry Vincent were contemporaries closely tied to its early days.
Information.
Each year thousands of visitors from all over the world come to the RAA to view its exhibitions. The Rockport Art Association was founded in the year of 1921. Its history has expanded over the past 90 years. In the year of 1921, a group of artists that were attracted to the city of Rockport decided to form the association. The association began in the previous art studio of Aldro T. Hibbard. The Rockport Art Association is commonly called by its acronym of RAA. RAA was originally established as an artist cooperative for art lovers and creators. In the year of 1929, the Rockport Art Association had been placed in its permanent location of an Old Tavern building on Main Street. The RAA had taken location in a sea captain’s house and over the years it has also been an inn, a tavern, and a stage coach stop before it was founded in its permanent location. The RAA currently has over 250 artist and photography members. The Rockport Art Association has a museum collection that includes paintings, graphics and sculpture representing a pictorial history of life and art on Cape Ann. The RAA is also known to hold several special events, exhibitions, and educational series. 

</doc>
<doc id="19623924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623924" title="Kasagi Dam">
Kasagi Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623937" title="Kawabe Dam">
Kawabe Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623944" title="Hanne Hagary">
Hanne Hagary

Hanne Hagary (born 27 January 1989 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a winger for Dutch Topklasse club FC Lisse.
Club career.
In his youth he played he for XerxesDZB, an amateur club based in Rotterdam. He later moved to the Feyenoord youth academy. He never managed to break through to Feyenoord's first team, so he was loaned out to Excelsior. In 2010 he signed with Almere City in the Dutch second division. On 16. June 2011 signed for FC Lisse.
International career.
Represented his homeland at U-15, U-16 and U-17 level.

</doc>
<doc id="19623958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623958" title="Paulina Remixes">
Paulina Remixes

Paulina Remixes" is the 3rd Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Paulina Rubio, It was released in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19623960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623960" title="Bell Huey family">
Bell Huey family

The Bell Huey family of helicopters includes a wide range of civil and military aircraft produced since 1956 by Bell Helicopter. This H-1 family of aircraft includes the utility UH-1 Iroquois and the derivative AH-1 Cobra attack helicopter series and ranges from the XH-40 prototype, first flown in October 1956 to the 21st Century UH-1Y Venom and AH-1Z Viper.

</doc>
<doc id="19623962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623962" title="Miskow Makwarth">
Miskow Makwarth

Miskow Makwarth (5 November 1905 – 13 December 1992) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1937 and 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19623979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623979" title="Newtown Blues GAC">
Newtown Blues GAC

Newtown Blues are a Gaelic Athletic Association club from Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland. The club fields Gaelic football teams in competitions organized by Louth GAA.
Newtown Blues hold the record for the most Louth Senior Football Championship's won. The club won their title last on the 29th of September, 2013.
The clubs home ground is situated on the Newfoundwell road, beside the local secondary school.
They expect to undergo a major development in the coming years, which will see their ground done up.

</doc>
<doc id="19623987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623987" title="Kuze Dam">
Kuze Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19623991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19623991" title="Hanshkhali">
Hanshkhali

Hanshkhali is a small city in Nadia District, in West Bengal, situated on the bank of the Churni river. Hanshkhali is also known for an Administrative Registry Office and Police Station of Bagula area.

</doc>
<doc id="19624006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624006" title="Zack Nichols">
Zack Nichols

Detective Zachary "Zack" Nichols is a fictional character, portrayed by Jeff Goldblum, featured in the NBC-USA Network series "". 
Nichols is a police detective with the NYPD Major Case Squad. He was introduced in the series' eighth season to replace Mike Logan (Chris Noth). During that season he and his partner Megan Wheeler (Julianne Nicholson) were featured in half the episodes shown, alternating with Robert Goren (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Alexandra Eames (Kathryn Erbe); the next year, during the show's ninth season, he and his new partner Serena Stevens (Saffron Burrows) were the only detectives featured. Neither Nichols nor Stevens returned for the tenth and final season of "Criminal Intent", however, their characters were not specifically written out or addressed in any way during that season.
Career.
Detective Nichols was once partnered with Captain Danny Ross (Eric Bogosian) in Anti-Crime. However, after September 11, 2001, Nichols left the police force for seven years. Ross remarked that during this period, his only clue to Nichols' whereabouts was a postcard from Cleveland. Little is explained as to how and why Nichols returned to the NYPD.
Detective Eames began partnering with Zack Nichols after Nichols' regular partner, Megan Wheeler, went into labor and gave birth. Together they investigate Henry Muller, a forensics scientist with the NYPD, and Nichols' suspicions of the man cause conflict between him and Ross, who comments that he himself risked being suspended almost every month while he and Nichols were partners due to the latter's behavior.
Nichols became full-time partners with Detective Serena Stevens, who was introduced in the second part of the two-part Season 9 premiere episode "". Both detectives worked under the command of Captain Zoe Callas (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) during this season, after Danny Ross was killed while taking part in an FBI sting operation.
Personal and family life.
Nichols is the child of two psychiatrists, but shunned their profession; becoming a cop is said to be something of a rebellion for him. Nichols had not spoken to his father, Dr. Theodore Nichols (F. Murray Abraham), in years even though both live in New York City, however, in Goldblum's final episode, "Three in One," he asks his father for assistance with the case and they reconcile at the end of the episode. Nichols also mentions having an older brother although the character is not shown.
Nichols is seen visiting a preparatory school named "Emerson Academy", where he studied in his youth, and is seen playing the piano on many occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="19624024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624024" title="Mazegawa Dam">
Mazegawa Dam

Mazegawa Dam is a dam in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19624045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624045" title="Oliver's Mount">
Oliver's Mount

Oliver's Mount is an area of high ground overlooking Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. It offers impressive views of the town, a tribute monument to the war dead, camping and caravanning at selected times of the year and a cafe but may be primarily known for its motorcycle races (however cars have raced here twice, in 1955 and 1956). Oliver's Mount first held a motorcycle race in 1946, and continues to hold motorcycle circuit today, and also holds car rally and car hill-climb events.
The site is also to host a new family friendly music festival from summer 2012. Opening 'International Bike Week', the 'Future Of Music - Oliver's Mount Festival' will celebrate local, new music and will be held at Mount Farm, Oliver's Mount. It is being organised by the resident racing club 'Auto 66' and local music management and Promotion company 'Red Cherry Music'. It was held over 16 and 17 June 2012. 
The site also houses the broadcasting transmitter which provides TV and radio services to Scarborough and the surrounding areas.
Oliver's Mount is named after Oliver Cromwell, as it was thought that he had sited guns there, although there is no evidence that Cromwell visited Scarborough during the Civil War. This name was in use by 1804; previously the hill was known as Weaponness, which now refers to the area of the town around Oliver's Mount and Filey Road, and one of the wards of the borough.
Races.
The Oliver's Mount track is a street circuit composed of twisty public roads and has played host to domestic motorcycling and rallying events for many years. Noted motorcycle racers who have raced at Oliver's Mount include Barry Sheene. The crowds for race events are known to have reached 58,000. Oliver's Mount racing circuit is the only street circuit in England. Throughout the year it hosts four weekends of motorcycle road racing and numerous hill climb challenges. With the Ian Watson Spring Road Races, Barry Sheene Classic Road Races, Cock o' the North Road Races and The Gold Cup drawing Riders and spectators from all over the British Isles. The races are organised by the Auto 66 club who attract many big name riders from the current road racing scene including Guy Martin, Ryan Farquhar, Ian Lougher, John McGuinness, Chris Palmer, William Dunlop and sidecar ace Nick Crowe amongst many other lesser-known, but very skilled riders. The circuit itself is in length and is not much more than a service road around Oliver's Mount. It is known as a technical and twisty track that requires a great deal of skill and bravery to tackle.
Oliver's Mount continues to hold motorcycle, car rally and car-hill climb events. Two Formula III events were held in 1955 and 1956.
Services from transmitter.
Analogue television.
Analogue television ceased from Oliver's Mount during August 2011. BBC Two was closed on 3 August and BBC One was temporarily moved into its frequency at the time to allow BBC A to launch in BBC One's old frequency. The remaining analogue services ceased on 17 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19624049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624049" title="Nagura Dam">
Nagura Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19624066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624066" title="Pincheira brothers">
Pincheira brothers

The Pincheira brothers (Spanish: "Hermanos Pincheira") was an infamous royalist outlaw group in Chile and Argentina active from 1818 to 1832. The gang fought initially in the Chilean War of Independence as royalist guerrillas during the Guerra a muerte phase. After Vicente Benavides was executed and the royalist resistance collapsed they eventually became isolated as the only remaining royalist group in mainland Chile. Later they specialized on cattle raiding and robbery. With the surrender of Spanish controlled Chiloé Archipelago in 1826 they became the last remants of royalist resistance in South America. The Pincheira brothers formed an alliance with the Boroanos tribe that had settle in Salinas Grandes and Sierra de la Ventana and attacked with them Carmen de Patagones and Fortaleza Protectora Argentina. In 1832 the Chilean general Manuel Bulnes crossed the Andes and defeated the Pincheira brothers in the battle of Epulafquén. 

</doc>
<doc id="19624069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624069" title="Nishimura Dam">
Nishimura Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19624070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624070" title="Buckingham House and Industrial School Complex">
Buckingham House and Industrial School Complex

The Buckingham House and Industrial School Complex is a historic trade school complex located near Buckeystown, Frederick County, Maryland. It consists of thirteen buildings associated with a trade school that operated from the 1870s to 1944. The complex centers on a 3-story dormitory building built for the school, but also includes the late 18th-century Federal style Buckingham House. The surrounding farm was, uniquely for the area, irrigated. Bordering the Monocacy River, the grounds include several significant late Woodland period archeological sites.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19624076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624076" title="André Ghem">
André Ghem

André Ghem (born 29 May 1982 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a professional Brazilian tennis player.
Career.
He reached his highest ATP singles ranking in August 2006, when he became the World No. 181.
At the 2006 Brasil Open, Ghem scored one of his biggest wins against Gustavo Kuerten. The score was 3–6, 6–3, 6–4.

</doc>
<doc id="19624085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624085" title="Snooker at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's open event.

</doc>
<doc id="19624089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624089" title="Ōi Dam">
Ōi Dam

The is a dam located between the cities of Ena and Nakatsugawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It was built to produce electricity for the surrounding area. The Agi River flows through the damn.
Built in 1924, the Ōi Dam was the first dam built anywhere on the Kiso River system. It is also the first hydroelectric dam built in Japan. At tall, it is the largest gravity dam in Japan after the Taishakugawa Dam in Hiroshima Prefecture. In 1983, the New Ōi Dam (新大井ダム "Shin-Ōi Damu") was built just downstream. Combined, they produce 80,000 kW of power.
History.
The upper portions of the Kiso River have a strong flow in terms of speed and volume, making it an ideal location for hydroelectric dams. Interest in hydroelectric dams in Japan grew greatly in 1911 when a hydroelectric law was passed. Given the technologies of the time, though, building a dam along the Kiso River was too difficult because floods often occurred.
Surrounding area.
The reservoir created by the dam was named Ena Gorge. More than , the gorge is lined by rocky walls on both sides. Along with the lake created by the Maruyama Dam downstream, the area has been designated the Hida-Kisogawa Quasi-National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19624106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624106" title="Darron Cox">
Darron Cox

Darron Cox (born November 21, 1967 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a former Major League Baseball player. Cox played in fifteen games for the Montreal Expos in the season. He had six hits in twenty-five at-bats, with one home run and two RBIs. 
He was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the fifth round round of the 1989 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19624110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624110" title="Glen Campbell in Concert with the South Dakota Symphony">
Glen Campbell in Concert with the South Dakota Symphony

Glen Campbell in Concert with the South Dakota Symphony is the 58th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). Recorded for the PBS special "Glen Campbell - In Concert", the concert registration was released on video, CD and DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="19624122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624122" title="Preben Mahrt">
Preben Mahrt

Preben Mahrt (28 July 1920 – 19 December 1989) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 68 films between 1941 and 1976.
He was born in Hellebæk, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19624123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624123" title="Sakaigawa Dam">
Sakaigawa Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19624132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624132" title="North Shore Art Association">
North Shore Art Association

The North Shore Art Association of East Gloucester, Massachusetts is one of the oldest art associations in the United States. Founded in 1922, it was the gathering place of some of the great American Artists of the 20th century. 
Childe Hassam, Emile Gruppe, Paul Strisik, Fredrick Mulhaupt, Winslow Homer and many others were early members of the NSAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19624145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624145" title="Oktyabr (Yiddish newspaper)">
Oktyabr (Yiddish newspaper)

Der shtern was a Soviet Yiddish newspaper, first published in Smolensk on November 7, 1918. "Der shtern" became one of the main Yiddish publications in the early Soviet period. Before the end of the year, as Minsk came under the control of the Soviets, the publication was shifted there. Zalman Khaykin was the founding editor of the paper, but was killed in battle in Vilna in the beginning of 1919.
The paper shifted to Vilna, then back to Minsk and then to Vitebsk, and back to Minsk yet again in the period from March 1919 to July 1920. In April 1921 "Der veker", a former bundist newspaper in Minsk and later a Jewish communist organ, merged into "Der shtern". In 1924 the newspaper changed name to Oktyabr. Publishing was discontinued in June 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="19624158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624158" title="The Newer Stuff">
The Newer Stuff

The Newer Stuff is a compilation album by Michael Nesmith, released in 1989. The album was released on vinyl, cassette and CD. The Newer Stuff was the first Nesmith album to be released on compact disc. The album contains eight new tracks (all recorded in 1980, according to Nesmith's comments in the CD booklet), two tracks from "From a Radio Engine to the Photon Wing", and four from "Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma". The CD release featured additional tracks from the LP release.
The song "Carioca" is an alternate recording to the original version from the album "Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma".
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith except where otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19624159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624159" title="Oregon Central Railroad">
Oregon Central Railroad

The Oregon Central Railroad was the name of two railroad companies in the U.S. state of Oregon, each of which claimed federal land grants that had been assigned to the state in 1866 to assist in building a line from Portland south into California. The "East Side Company" of Salem (incorporated 1867), supported by businessman Ben Holladay, eventually received the grant for its line east of the Willamette River, and was reorganized in 1870 as the Oregon and California Railroad (O&C), which completed the line in 1887. Portland supported the competing "West Side Company" (incorporated 1866), which only built to McMinnville, and was sold to the O&C in 1880. The O&C was later acquired by the Southern Pacific Company, and mostly remains as part of the Union Pacific Railroad's I-5 Corridor; the West Side line is now operated by the Portland and Western Railroad between Beaverton and Forest Grove.
History.
An early version of the Pacific Railway Act of 1862 included a branch north into Oregon, but this was left out of the law as passed. In its place, an 1866 law gave land grants to California and Oregon to convey to the California and Oregon Railroad of California and a company to be designated by the Oregon Legislature that would build the line. Railroad promoters informally organized the Oregon Central Railroad (West Side Company) on October 6, and the legislature designated this company, which did not file incorporation papers until November 21, as the beneficiary of the federal grants four days later. The company adopted a line surveyed in 1864, which would begin at Portland (then entirely on the west side of the Willamette). In July 1865, Californians associated with the California and Oregon Railroad incorporated the first Oregon and California Railroad, but failed to acquire control of the West Side Company. Undaunted, they incorporated a second Oregon Central Railroad (East Side Company) in April 1867, with Governor George L. Woods as president. The West Side Company broke ground in Portland on April 15, 1868, and the East Side Company followed suit the next day in East Portland.
A contest erupted between the two companies in the courts of public opinion and of law, each one claiming to be the recipient of the land grants. West Side construction was stopped when Portland's guarantee on bond interest was declared in violation of the city charter. Simon G. Elliott of California, promoter of the East Side Company, procured the assistance of businessman Ben Holladay, who in 1868 persuaded the state legislature to reassign the grant to that company, and Congress to extend the time for completion. The first , from Portland to New Era, were completed by December 1869, thus enabling the East Side Company to receive its first pieces of land. The terminus of the East Side line was connected to Downtown Portland by ferry; first, with a boat operated by Holladay, and from about 1879 to 1889, with a new boat (later relocated to San Francisco Bay) built and operated by Henry Villard. The West Side Company obtained its own grant through an 1870 law that would give it land for a line from Portland to Astoria with a branch to McMinnville, but its owners sold the company to Holladay in 1870, and it only built about between Portland and Saint Joseph (near McMinnville), opening the line in November 1872.
In order to secure funds for the entire road to California, Holladay reorganized the East Side Company as the Oregon and California Railroad, which would go on to complete the line to Roseburg in December 1872, and to the state line in December 1887. By that time, the Oregon Short Line Railroad had been completed as a branch of the First Transcontinental Railroad to Oregon. The West Side Company operated its own road, under control of the O&C, until September 1879, when it was leased to the O&C-controlled Western Oregon Railroad, which had continued the line to Corvallis. Both companies were consolidated into the O&C in October 1880, and the Southern Pacific Company (SP) gained control in January 1887, and leased the O&C in July. Except south of Eugene, where the Natron Cutoff turned the old line into a secondary route that the SP sold to the Central Oregon and Pacific Railroad in December 1994, the Union Pacific Railroad (successor to the SP) still operates the East Side Company's line. The Portland and Western Railroad leased the remnants of the West Side Company's line in August 1995, and uses the stretch between Beaverton and Seghers (near Forest Grove) to reach the Stimson Lumber Company's sawmill.

</doc>
<doc id="19624162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624162" title="Shin'inotani Dam">
Shin'inotani Dam

The is a dam in Gifu Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19624164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624164" title="Dwight Siebler">
Dwight Siebler

Dwight Leroy Siebler (born August 5, 1937, at Columbus, Nebraska) is a retired American professional baseball player. A right-handed pitcher who attended the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, he spent one full season () and parts of four others in Major League Baseball for the Minnesota Twins. Siebler stood tall and weighed .
Siebler began his pro career with the Philadelphia Phillies and was in his fifth season with the Phils' minor league organization when his contract was purchased by the Twins in . He made five starts in seven appearances for Minnesota during the remainder of the season and turned in two complete game victories, defeating the Washington Senators 10–1 on three hits August 29 and the Detroit Tigers 3–1 on four hits September 17. He made only three more starts during his Major League career.
Siebler spent parts of the and seasons in Triple-A. During 1966, his full season with Minnesota, Siebler worked in 23 games, with two starts, and earned his two other big-league victories and his one MLB save. On August 17, against the California Angels, he earned his final Major League win with 6 innings of relief, allowing one unearned run, and enabling the Twins to come from behind to win, 5–3.
Siebler appeared in 48 Major League games pitched. In 117 innings, he allowed only 97 hits, with 71 strikeouts and 44 bases on balls. He left baseball after the 1967 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19624195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624195" title="William Lobkowicz">
William Lobkowicz

Prince William zu Lobkowicz or simply William Lobkowicz (born 1961) is a nobleman from the House of Lobkowicz of American origin with Bohemian (Czech) roots. He grew up in Boston, Massachusetts, but moved to then Czechoslovakia in 1990 to claim his family's vast ancestral belongings, the restoration, preservation and display of which have become his profession and passion.
Family and youth.
The Lobkowicz princely family has several branches but William's father, Martin (born 1928), is genealogically the head of the entire house according to male primogeniture. William's great-grandfather Ferdinand (1858-1938), was the 10th Prince zu Lobkowicz when the Austro-Hungarian Empire collapsed, leaving the Bohemian nobility stripped of its legal privileges in 1918. 
Prince Ferdinand's two sons married commoners in the 1920s. Thus, by traditionalist reckoning, his descendants, including William, do not inherit headship of the family, Ferdinand being succeeded as 11th Prince by his distant cousin, Jaroslav (1877-1953), whose descendants still claim that title. Ferdinand's younger son, Maximilian Erwin (1888-1967), married an English divorcee, Gillian Somerville, and the couple later moved with their three sons, Martin (born 1928), Dominik and Oliver from London to Boston. William is the fourth child and third son of Martin Lobkowicz by his Kentucky-born wife, Margaret Juett. Although junior members of the House of Lobkowicz were also once entitled to the prefix of "Prince" and the style of "Serene Highness", William prefers to use the title only where professionally useful.
William Lobkowicz first visited Czechoslovakia in 1976 when he was 14. Lobkowicz went to Harvard University as an undergraduate where he majored in European history.
After his studies, Lobkowicz became a successful businessman in Massachusetts. He has three children by his wife of Romanian noble origin: William Rudolf, Ileana, and Sophia.
Restoration of property.
Shortly after the fall of the Communist government in Czechoslovakia end of 1989, William Lobkowicz moved to the country of his ancestors to claim the family's former lands and castles. Lobkowicz's initial work focused on having the property legally restored to the family, a project which took much money and time. 
Lobkowicz has since focused on the restoration, maintenance and upkeep of the castles now under his ownership. Of the more than ten castles and palaces once possessed by the House of Lobkowicz, William Lobkowicz now oversees four of them, including the ancestral Lobkowicz Palace (formerly Pernštejn Palace) at Prague Castle Complex, with some of the remainder having been sold off to finance the restoration as well as long-term maintenance of the other four. Additional financing has been obtained by converting some of the family properties to hotels and restaurants. The Lobkowicz Palace includes a restaurant, and guided English-speaking tours are offered.
Lobkowicz palace at Prague Castle.
One of two existing Lobkowicz Palaces in Prague (the other "Lobkovický palác" being the seat of German Embassy), the building restored to William Lobkowicz is situated at the utmost wing of the vast area of Prague Castle on the Hradčany Hill.
The palace exhibition includes original manuscripts of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Ludwig van Beethoven compositions. The most valuable item is the manuscript of Beethoven´s Opus 55, Symphony No. 3 in E-flat major ("Eroica"), composed in 1803/04. Beethoven had originally conceived of dedicating the symphony to Napoleon Bonaparte, but this would have deprived him of a fee that he would receive if he instead dedicated the symphony to Prince Joseph Franz Maximilian Lobkowicz. This Lobkowicz ancestor was also dedicatee of some other great works, including Joseph Haydn's "Lobkowitz" quartets (Opus 77), and Beethoven's 5th and 6th symphonies, as well as his Opus 18 string quartets.
Further, the exhibition shows, i.a., "The Hay Harvest" painting by Pieter Bruegel the Elder (also known as "Haymaking"), one of five remaining landscape paintings belonging to "The Months" cycle. This work depicts the period of June–July and was created by the artist in 1565. In a frescoed hall of the palace, concerts of classical music are frequently given.
Brewery.
William Lobkowicz also runs the family's brewery which was originally founded in 1466 and was restored to him in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19624207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624207" title="Kusaki Dam">
Kusaki Dam


</doc>
<doc id="19624211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624211" title="Leonard Carey">
Leonard Carey

Leonard Carey (25 February 1887 – 11 September 1977) was a British-born character actor who very often played butlers in Hollywood films of the 1930s, '40s, and '50s. He was also active in television during the 1950s. He is perhaps best known for his role as "Dusty" in the film, "Moon Over Her Shoulder" (1941).
Carey is also remembered for his role as the beach hermit, Ben, in Alfred Hitchcock's "Rebecca" (1940). Other memorable appearances included roles in "The Awful Truth" (1937), "Heaven Can Wait" (1943), Hitchcock's "Strangers on a Train" (1951), "Snows of Kilimanjaro" (1952), and "Thunder in the East" (1953).
Carey retired from acting in the late 1950s. He died at the age of 90 in Woodland Hills, California, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19624214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624214" title="Preben Lerdorff Rye">
Preben Lerdorff Rye

Preben Lerdorff Rye (23 May 1917 – 15 June 1995) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 92 films between 1941 and 1989.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19624227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624227" title="The West, Christians and Jews in Saudi Arabian Schoolbooks">
The West, Christians and Jews in Saudi Arabian Schoolbooks

The West, Christians and Jews in Saudi Arabian Schoolbooks is a January 2003 publication by the Institute for Monitoring Peace and Cultural Tolerance in School Education (IMPACT-SE), which was known as CMIP at the time of publication. The publication analyzes how Saudi Arabian school textbooks portray the West, Christians, and Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="19624241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624241" title="Arenaria ursina">
Arenaria ursina

Arenaria ursina is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Bear Valley sandwort.
Distribution.
It is endemic to San Bernardino County, California, where it is known from a few occurrences in the vicinity of Big Bear. It grows on quartzite pebble plain habitat in forest openings in the San Bernardino Mountains near the communities of Fawnskin, Sugarloaf, and Baldwin Lake. It is an indicator species for the rare pebble plain habitat, which is unique to the area. It is a federally listed threatened species.
Description.
"Arenaria ursina" is a petite perennial herb forming small tufts no more than 18 centimeters tall. Its small, waxy leaves are needlelike and up to a centimeter long. The inflorescence is an open cyme of white flowers with five petals each under half a centimeter long and protruding purple-anthered stamens. The fruit is a toothed capsule containing 1 or 2 minute purple seeds.
Threats.
The biggest threat to the survival of this species is off-roading. Other threats include destruction of its habitat for development, mining activity, and disturbance of the landscape during fire suppression efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="19624242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624242" title="Nakagi Dam">
Nakagi Dam

Nakagi Dam is a dam near Annaki, in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19624264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624264" title="Jerry Fry">
Jerry Fry

Jerry Ray Fry (born February 29, 1956 in Salinas, California) is a former Major League Baseball player. Fry played in four games for the Montreal Expos in the 1978 season. He had no hits in nine at-bats, with one walk. 
He was drafted by the Expos in the 2nd round of the 1974 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19624268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624268" title="List of results of the United States men's basketball team at the Olympics">
List of results of the United States men's basketball team at the Olympics

The following is a list of results of the United States men's basketball team at the Summer Olympics:
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="19624271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624271" title="Naramata Dam">
Naramata Dam

Naramata Dam is a dam near Minakami, in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan. It supports a 12.2 MW hydroelectric power station.

</doc>
<doc id="19624273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624273" title="Ekaterina Pushkash">
Ekaterina Pushkash

Ekaterina Viktorovna Pushkash (, born 27 May 1992) is a Russian ice dancer. With partner Jonathan Guerreiro, she is the 2011 World Junior silver medalist and 2011 Russian Junior silver medalist.
Early career.
Ekaterina Pushkash originally trained in ballroom dancing and took up ice dancing because of her cousin. She teamed up with her maternal first cousin, Dmitri Kiselev, in 2000. They moved from Nizhny Novgorod to Moscow for training in 2002. Pushkash/Kiselev won silver medals at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Gomel, Belarus and at the 2009 Russian Junior Championships. They finished sixth at the 2009 World Junior Championships and parted ways at the end of the season.
Partnership with Guerreiro.
Junior career.
Coaches Irina Zhuk and Alexander Svinin suggested she skate with Jonathan Guerreiro. She was reluctant at first, not wishing to cause family problems, but eventually agreed.
She and Jonathan Guerreiro began skating together in May 2009. They finished 5th at the 2009–2010 Junior Grand Prix Final and won the bronze medal at the 2010 Russian Junior Championships. At the end of the season, they switched coaches to Natalia Linichuk and Gennadi Karponossov, which required them to move to Aston, Pennsylvania in the United States.
During the 2010-2011 season, they finished 4th at the JGP Final. At the 2011 Russian Junior Championships, they won the silver medal and were assigned to the World Junior Championships where they won the silver medal.
Senior career.
Pushkash and Guerreiro moved up to the senior level for the 2011–2012 season. Guerreiro fractured his left foot in training in June 2011, causing them to miss a few weeks of training. They competed at two Grand Prix events, 2011 Skate Canada and 2011 Cup of Russia. At the end of the season, they changed coaches to Nikolai Morozov in Moscow.
Prior to the 2013–14 season, Pushkash and Guerreiro began training with Anjelika Krylova and Pasquale Camerlengo in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
Personal life.
Pushkash and Dmitri Kiselev are first cousins – their mothers are sisters. Her father is a former competitive marathon runner.

</doc>
<doc id="19624300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624300" title="Dmitri Kiselev">
Dmitri Kiselev

Dmitri Sergeyevich Kiselev (, born 10 August 1989) is a Russian ice dancer. Competing with Ekaterina Pushkash for Russia, he placed 6th at the 2009 World Junior Championships. He later competed with Gabriela Kubová for the Czech Republic, placing 18th at the 2012 European Championships. 
Career.
In 2000, Kiselev teamed up with his maternal first cousin, Ekaterina Pushkash. They moved from Nizhny Novgorod to Moscow for training in 2002. Pushkash/Kiselev won silver medals at the 2008–2009 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Gomel, Belarus and at the 2009 Russian Junior Championships. They finished sixth at the 2009 World Junior Championships and parted ways at the end of the season.
In 2009, Kiselev teamed up with Gabriela Kubová to compete for the Czech Republic. In their first two seasons together, they competed on the junior level and placed 14th at the 2010 World Junior Championships. Moving up to the senior level in the 2011–12 season, Kubová/Kiselev won the silver medal at the Pavel Roman Memorial and gold at the Czech national championships. They were assigned to the 2012 European Championships, placing 18th, and to the 2012 World Championships, placing 26th. Kiselev retired from competition in autumn 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19624301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624301" title="Manteiga">
Manteiga

David Henrique dos Santos (born 19 March 1990 in Maceió) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder.
Manteiga formerly played for Sociedade Esportiva do Gama in his country Brazil before signing for Feyenoord in 2008. After loan spells Excelsior and Ponte Preta he returned to Brazil to play for Grêmio Prudente.

</doc>
<doc id="19624307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624307" title="Georg John">
Georg John

Georg John (23 July 1879 – 18 November 1941) was a German stage and film actor.
Early life.
Georg John was born in Schmiegel, Province of Posen, Imperial Germany.
Career.
John began his career around 1900 in smaller stages and traveling theatres. In 1904, he was engaged at the Theater of Wilhelmshaven, followed by appearances at Stolp in 1905, Altona, Mülheim an der Ruhr, Bochum and Göttingen. In 1914, John worked as an actor and producer for Vaterländische Schauspiele in Vienna.
In 1917, John first appeared in silent movies, playing a Tibetan monk in "Die Fremde" ("The Foreigner"), and Death in "Hilde Warren und der Tod" ("Hilde Warren and Death"). These roles were typical of the kinds of parts he would become known for, even if, at first, he was more often seen as a father, husband or dignitary. Beginning in the 1920s, John appeared in the films of notable German filmmakers, where he often played bizarre, gnome-like figures, such as the beggar in Fritz Lang's "Der müde Tod" ("Tired Death", 1921, released in English as "Destiny"), and the blind balloon-seller who recognizes the murderer due to a whistled song in 1931's "M". For F. W. Murnau he played a night-watchman in "Der Letzte Mann" ("The Last Man", 1924, released in English as "The Last Laugh").
Being a Jew, John was deported in autumn 1941 to the Łódź Ghetto where he died on 18 November 1941 at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="19624316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624316" title="Mr. Schneider Goes to Washington">
Mr. Schneider Goes to Washington

Mr. Schneider goes to Washington is a 2008 documentary film by Jonathan Neil Schneider about campaign financing in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19624333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624333" title="Misinchinka River">
Misinchinka River

The Misinchinka River is a river in the north-central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, rising in the northern Hart Ranges to flow northwest to join the Parsnip River just before that river's estuary into the Parsnip Reach of Lake Williston, part of the Peace-Mackenzie Rivers drainage.

</doc>
<doc id="19624358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624358" title="Gaetana">
Gaetana

Gaetana is the debut album by Italian pop singer Giusy Ferreri,
it was released on November 14, 2008 in Italy, and digitally in many other European countries.
Four singles were released from the album: "Non ti scordar mai di me", "Novembre", "Stai fermo lì" and "La scala (The Ladder)". "Gaetana" has sold around 500,000 copies only in Italy being certified 6 times platinum and around 600.000 copies worldwide.
Promotion and release.
The album was heavily promoted, and special advertising was arranged in collaboration with MTV Italy before and during the week of release. The entire album was streamed on MTV's website, beginning on November 10, 2008, a week before the album's Italian release date.
"Gaetana" reached at #1 on iTunes Italy on the first day of release and debuted on the Italian FIMI albums chart at number two where it went on to peak for seven weeks, fended off by Laura Pausini's album "Primavera in anticipo".
In 2009 "Gaetana" was released in France, Belgium, Spain, Germany and Greece.
Album information.
Italian singer Tiziano Ferro collaborated with Giusy on the song "L'amore e basta" and wrote the songs "Stai fermo lì", "Passione positiva", "Aria di vita" and the hit single "Non ti scordar mai di me".
American singer, songwriter and producer Linda Perry wrote the songs "La scala (The Ladder)", which has already been recorded with her band "4 Non Blondes" in 1994 but remained unreleased and "Cuore assente (The La La Song)".
The tracks written by Giusy Ferreri are "Pensieri", "In assenza", "Piove" and "Il party".
Track listing.
Italian Edition
Spanish Edition

</doc>
<doc id="19624360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624360" title="Cobalt(II) acetate">
Cobalt(II) acetate

Cobalt(II) acetate is the cobalt(II) salt of acetic acid. It may also be found as the tetrahydrate.
It may be formed by the reaction between cobalt oxide or hydroxide and acetic acid:
Cobalt(II) acetate may be reacted with salenH2 to give salcomine, an oxygen-transport compound:
Cobalt(II) acetate is harmful if swallowed or inhaled. It may cause an allergic skin reaction. Chronic exposure may affect heart, thyroid, lungs, and kidneys. 

</doc>
<doc id="19624376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624376" title="Komunistishe fon">
Komunistishe fon

Komunistishe fon (, 'Communist Banner') was a Soviet Yiddish newspaper published in Ukraine 1919-1924. The newspaper was the result of the merger of two previous non-communist newspapers, "Naye tsayt" of the Fareynikte party and the "Folks-tsaytung" of the Bund party. "Kommunistishe fon" was the organ of the Jewish Section of the Communist Party (bolshevik) of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19624378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624378" title="Bazooka (G.I. Joe)">
Bazooka (G.I. Joe)

Bazooka is a fictional character from the toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's missile specialist and debuted in 1985.
Profile.
His real name is David L. Katzenbogen, and his rank is that of sergeant E-5. Bazooka was born in Hibbing, Minnesota.
He was operating as an Abrams tank driver in the Third Armored Division, when he came to believe that they were too vulnerable to rocket launcher fire. He put in for a transfer as soon as possible. Bazooka trained at the Advanced Infantry School, Fort Benning, Armor School, Fort Knox, and is a qualified expert with Dragon Anti-Tank Missile, Milan System, LAW rocket system, recoilless rifle, and all Warsaw Pact RPG systems. He is noted for being a swift, strategic thinker.
Toys.
Bazooka was first released as an action figure in 1985. The figure was repainted and released as part of the Tiger Force line in 1988. A new version of Bazooka was released in 1993 as part of the Battle Corps line.
Another version was released in 2004 as "Sgt Bazooka", and packaged as the driver of the "Quickstrike" vehicle. This figure was repainted and released the same year without the vehicle, in a two-pack with Dreadnok Torch, as part of the Valor vs Venom line. In 2008, a new version of Sgt Bazooka was released, which was based heavily on the 1985 version.
Comics.
Marvel Comics.
In the Marvel Comics "G.I. Joe" series, he first appeared in issue #44 (February 1986). He is one of the many Joes to go underground, after most of the team is arrested to cover up a public relations fiasco. The rogue Joes work to free General Hawk from murderous government agents who are holding him and another friendly general in a small clinic. Bazooka receives a minor bullet wound in the ensuing firefight. The entire Joe team is cleared of all charges.
Action Force.
In the London-based "Action Force" line of comics, Bazooka makes his debut fighting hand-to-hand with Crimson Guard forces.This is part of a Joe team effort to destroy a secret Cobra hideout using a fast food restaurant as cover. Later, he ends up in a running battle with Ripper and Buzzer over the possession of an experimental laser weapon. Bazooka drives an A.W.E. Striker while chasing the Dreadnoks through a shopping center. With the assistance of an elderly war veteran, Bazooka gets the weapon but loses the enemy. He later finds out the device was worthless.
Devil's Due Comics.
During the seven-year period when G.I. Joe was on hiatus, Bazooka's health suffered. He loses much of his hair, and gains a large amount of weight. He also takes a job as a security guard. As seen later in issue #15, he has spent much time in the local gym and recovered most of his fighting trim. In the same issue, he is visiting with Alpine, Mutt and Rock 'n Roll. They have met up in Alpine's new hometown of Delhi Hills, and discover it is a hot-spot of Cobra activity. In issue #16, Bazooka defeats Cobra's drill sergeant Big Boa in personal combat. Despite the large amount of destruction, mostly caused by Bazooka, there is no evidence of any enemy activity when Joe backup arrives. The foursome's veteran status is enough for them to be believed. Their reports are later verified, when an anonymous report leads to Cobra operatives in Delhi Hills being captured by a Joe team.
IDW.
In the IDW reboot of the G.I. Joe series, Bazooka is seen as a peripheral character. He, along with Scarlett and Duke, are tasked with a mission to protect Dr. Gerald Orizama from a Cobra abduction plot. During the mission, Bazooka waits outside of the building, where he is the first person to confront Blackout and his unsuspecting young decoys. During Blackout's extraction of the doctor, Bazooka is shot dead in a hallway. He is mourned by fellow Joes back at The Pit, with his trademark football jersey framed and hung on the wall, while Stalker says a tribute to him.
Cartoons.
Sunbow series.
Bazooka first appeared in the mini-series "Pyramid of Darkness". He is frequently paired off with Alpine, and is voiced by John Hostetter. He has appeared in the following episodes:
G.I. Joe: The Movie.
He plays a minor but critical role in "". Bazooka, Alpine, and Gung-Ho are charged with guarding the captured Serpentor. Lt. Falcon is supposed to be guarding the front, but leaves his post. As a result, all three Joes are attacked by the Dreadnoks and Nemesis Enforcer. Bazooka himself is smacked across the face by Nemesis Enforcer.
G.I. Joe: Resolute.
In an episode of "", the USS Flagg suffers sabotage with multiple bombs going off. Its secure construction keeps it from sinking but there are still casualties. Bazooka, who is on security detail, is found murdered, without a mark on him. He was slain and hidden before the charges were planted. The culprit of both the bombing and Bazooka's murder is revealed to be Storm Shadow. In Bazooka's mouth was a message addressed to Snake Eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="19624379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624379" title="46th parallel north">
46th parallel north

The 46th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 46 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 15 hours, 45 minutes during the summer solstice and 8 hours, 38 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 46° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19624391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624391" title="St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church (Liberty, New York)">
St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church (Liberty, New York)

St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church in Liberty, Sullivan County, New York. It was built in 1908 and is a modest Late Gothic Revival style building. It is built of iron spot brick with limestone and terra cotta trim. It features a gable roofed nave with and engaged side entrance tower. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19624427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624427" title="De Kift">
De Kift

De Kift is a Dutch musical ensemble that was formed in 1988. Their music might be best classified as fanfare with influences of rock and punk. The band is closely connected to and befriended with The Ex with whom they did several projects together.
The band won the Dutch Zilveren Harp award in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19624437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624437" title="Rodes baronets">
Rodes baronets

The Rodes Baronetcy, of Barlborough in the County of Derby, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 14 August 1641 for Francis Rodes, of Barlborough Hall, near Chesterfield, Derbyshire. The early family of Rodes was seated in Nottinghamshire. A William Rodes acquired an estate in Derbyshire by marriage. Sir Francis Rodes built Barlborough Hall in 1583-4. The first Baronet was his grandson. The title became extinct on the death of the fourth Baronet in 1743, when the estates passed to his sister's heirs, the Heathcotes and Heathcote-Rodes families.

</doc>
<doc id="19624438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624438" title="Yukiko Fujisawa">
Yukiko Fujisawa


</doc>
<doc id="19624442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624442" title="Benjamin Cowie">
Benjamin Cowie

Benjamin Morgan Cowie was Dean of Manchester and then Exeter in the last quarter of the 19th Century. 
Born on 8 June 1816, he was educated at St John's College, Cambridge and graduated Senior Wrangler in 1839. Ordained in 1841 he was successively Tutor, Lecturer and Fellow at his old college. Afterwards he was Vicar of St Lawrence Jewry followed by a 11 year spell in Manchester, followed by a further 17 at Exeter. He died on 3 May 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="19624443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624443" title="Passive electioneering">
Passive electioneering

Passive electioneering is the act of wearing campaign paraphernalia or carrying signs to a polling place with the intent of influencing voters. Across the United States laws vary relating to passive electioneering. In the fall of 2008, officials in Virginia moved to ban the wearing of campaign paraphernalia. New York has a similar law in place.
In 2008, internet political organizers are cautioning voters not to wear campaign t-shirts at the polls. Organizers calculate that these obscure laws will be used to turn voters away from the polls.
At least six states, Maine, Montana, New York, Vermont, Virginia, and Kansas prohibit wearing campaign buttons, stickers and badges inside polling places. Efforts to enforce a similar ban are headed to court in Pennsylvania. The American Civil Liberties Union argued that the ban violates the First Amendment's right to free speech.
New York.
The State of New York has a rarely enforced law that prohibits wearing campaign buttons or T-shirt at a polling place. In the fall of 2008, New York State Board of Elections Spokesman Bob Brehm stated that voters at the polls who wear a campaign button or T-shirt will be asked to remove the item.
Virginia.
The Virginia State Board of Elections voted on Tuesday October 14, 2008, to ban clothing and hats as well as buttons and other paraphernalia that directly advocate the election or defeat of a specific candidate or issue.
Canada.
While Canadian electoral law allows representatives of the political parties to be present in polling stations, "nobody" present at the polling station is permitted to wear or carry anything identifying themselves as a member of a political party or supporter or opponent of any political cause . This includes voters . Partisan officials are also not permitted to campaign immediately in front of a polling station, nor may anyone bring any campaign literature into the station .
The equipment used by polling staff has to meet strict colour criteria. Staff may be refused work if their clothing is of a "partisan colour" .

</doc>
<doc id="19624492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624492" title="Alien Brigade">
Alien Brigade

Alien Brigade is a side-scrolling shooting game, released in 1990 for the Atari 7800 Prosystem. Similar in style to "Operation Wolf", "Alien Brigade" tells the story of a soldier who is forced to do battle with aliens that are invading the planet and taking over the bodies of fellow soldiers in the process. One of the last releases for the Atari 7800, "Alien Brigade" is a sought after title due to its relative scarcity, above-average graphics and Nintendo-like gameplay.
"Alien Brigade" is 144K in size, making it one of the largest commercially released Atari 7800 games. 
Gameplay.
Like "Operation Wolf", the game is played from the point of view of the soldier. The game scrolls horizontally in two directions as various enemy creatures, possessed soldiers, human vehicles and alien vehicles attack mercilessly. Alien Brigade can either be played with the Atari 7800 joystick or with an Atari light gun.
The game takes place over five scrolling levels. The initial mission is to rescue hostages from an enemy camp, but the game then progresses to a waterfront battle, an underwater melee, a showdown in an underground mine, and then a final mountaintop battle. Adding to the challenge, the player is must be careful not to accidentally shoot innocent bystanders. 
Between levels, the player is briefed by the commanding officer, who advises of the situation and rates the player's performance in the level.
Reaction.
Despite being released late in the Atari 7800's life cycle, "Alien Brigade" is unique in that Atari Corporation made more efforts to market the game than it had with other Atari 7800 titles. The game had its own print advertisement and was also referenced in Atari's 1990 shooter, Planet Smashers (Alien Brigade, when completed, would return the favor by advertising Planet Smashers). The game was also reviewed several times, including reviews in GamePro Magazine and the September 1991 issue of their own Atari Explorer magazine
The reviews for the game have generally been positive and the game is fondly remembered among Atari 7800 fans.

</doc>
<doc id="19624502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624502" title="Kirk House">
Kirk House

Kirk House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19624503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624503" title="Cross-polarized wave generation">
Cross-polarized wave generation

Cross polarized wave (XPW) generation is a nonlinear optical process that can be classified in the group of frequency degenerate wave mixing processes. It can take place only in media with anisotropy of third order nonlinearity. As a result of such nonlinear optical interaction at the output of the nonlinear crystal it is generated a new linearly polarized wave at the same frequency, but with polarization oriented perpendicularly to the polarization of input wave
formula_1. 
Simplified optical scheme for XPW generation is shown on Fig. 1. It consists of a nonlinear crystal plate (thick 1-2 mm) sandwiched between two crossed polarizers. The intensity of generated XPW has cubic dependence with respect to the intensity of the input wave. In fact this is the main reason this effect is so successful for improvement of the contrast of the temporal and spatial profiles of femtosecond pulses. Since cubic crystals are used as nonlinear media they are isotropic with respect to linear properties (there is no birefringence) and because of that the phase and group velocities of both waves XPW and the fundamental wave(FW) are equal:VXPW=VFW and Vgr,XPW=Vgr,FW. Consequence of that is ideal phase and group velocity matching for the two waves propagating along the crystal. This property allows obtaining very good efficiency of the XPW generation process with minimum distortions of the pulse shape and the spectrum. 
Description of the process.
Let us consider the case of interaction of two perpendicularly polarized waves in nonlinear media with cubic nonlinearity . The equations describing the self phase modulation of the fundamental wave A and the generation of new wave perpendicularly polarized wave B in condition that |B| « |A| (i.e. when the depletion of the fundamental wave is neglected, self and cross phase modulation of wave B) can be written in following form:
where formula_4 and formula_5 are coefficients that depend on (i) the orientation of the sample with respect to the crystal axes (see for the expressions for two popular orientations: Z-cut and for holographic cut); (ii) the component formula_6 and (iii) anisotropy of formula_7 tensor.
The solution of this simplified system with initial conditions А(0)=А0 and B (0) = 0 is:
where L is the length of the nonlinear media. In case of CW pump, the efficiency formula_10, that is defined as ratio of XPW intensity Iout at the output of the nonlinear media to the intensity of the input wave Iin can be described by sin2 function of input intensity × length product: 
(1)         formula_11 is relatively small the efficiency grows as square of input intensity. The increase of the nonlinear phase shift above 3 prevents the coherent growing of XPW signal and leads in principle to periodical dependence of the efficiency as a function of input intensity. The use of two crystal scheme [2,3] allows this problem to be overcome.
Accounting the temporal and spatial shapes leads to reduction of the predicted by expression (1) efficiency. This is illustrated on Fig. 2 where the exact solution with all processes accompanying the effect of generation of XPW taken into account is given. The maximum XPW efficiency obtained with single crystal scheme approaches 12% for Gaussian in space and in time, while for top-hat spatial profile and Gaussian in time the maximum achieved efficiency is 29%. This behavior is direct consequence of the nonlinearity of the process. Typical experimental results for generation of XPW in BaF2 crystal are shown in Fig. 3. It is seen the efficiency of XPW process in single crystal scheme saturates close to 10%, while with two crystal scheme one can achieve 20–30% efficiency for XPW generation [2,3]. 
The effect of XPW generation is finding application for enhancement of the temporal contrast of femtosecond pulses and for their monitoring and control. The approach of XPW generation for cleaning femtosecond pulses will be used in the Extreme Light Infrastructure European project. 
For additional reading.
Lett., vol. 31, pp. 1456–1458 (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="19624507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624507" title="Chicho Ibáñez">
Chicho Ibáñez

Chicho Ibáñez, born José Ibáñez Noriega (Corral Falso, 22 November 1875 – Havana, 18 May 1981) was the longest-lived and one of the most important members of the Cuban trova. He was significant because, unlike most of the others, he specialized in Afro-Cuban genres. He was a disciple of the tresero Eduardo Fusté, and a member of early groups in Cárdenas, such as "Peonia" and that of Benito Tumborombo. Later he moved to Havana, where he joined "Los Veintiuno", directed by Alejandro Sotolongo, which used claves, maracas, marimbula, bongó and pianito (a wooden instrument with hemp cords). He worked in other groups, and in the "Sans-Souci", formerly the leading cabaret in Havana.
Ibáñez was the first trovador that we know of to specialize in the son and also on guaguancós and afrocuban rhythms from the abakuá. He played the Cuban tres rather than the Spanish guitar, and developed his own technique for this Cuban guitar. During his extremely long career, Chicho sang and played the son in streets, plazas, cafés, nightclubs and other venues throughout Cuba. In the 1920s, when the sextetos became popular, he was forced to sell his compositions to these larger groups and their composers in order to survive. His compositions include "Tóma mamá que te manda tía", "Evaristo", "No te metas Caridad", "Ojalá" (sones); "Yo era dichoso", "Al fin mujer" (bolero-sones); "Qué más me pides", "La saya de Oyá" (guaguancos). He worked throughout Cuba, and latterly a short film was made of him.

</doc>
<doc id="19624518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624518" title="San Jose River">
San Jose River

The San Jose River is a river in the Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It rises in the area just northwest of 100 Mile House and includes in its watershed Lac La Hache, flowing northwestwards from there to its mouth at the head of Williams Lake, at the city of the same name. Williams Lake is drained by the Williams Lake River, effectively the continuation of the San Jose, and flows only a short distance before entering the Fraser River just west of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="19624535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624535" title="Monroe Street (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Monroe Street (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Monroe Street is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) Line. This stop is located in the borough of Media, Pennsylvania. It is in Downtown Media in the middle of State Street since the line operates as a street car in the Media portion of the line. It is served by trolleys originating at 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. This stop, which serves the Media Theatre and a local school, is the fifth to last station stop on the Route 101 line.

</doc>
<doc id="19624546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624546" title="Edgemont Street (SEPTA Route 101 station)">
Edgemont Street (SEPTA Route 101 station)

Edgemont Street is a stop along the SEPTA Media (Route 101) Line. This stop is located in the borough of Media, Pennsylvania. It is near Downtown Media in the middle of State Street since the line operates as a street car in the Media portion of the line. It is served by trolleys originating at 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. While the stop does run down State Street, it does so in a far more residential area than those between Orange and Monroe Streets. This stop, which serves a local school and park, is the sixth to last station stop on the Route 101 line.

</doc>
<doc id="19624551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624551" title="Swimming at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of 257 events.

</doc>
<doc id="19624552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624552" title="Zilkha Neurogenetic Institute">
Zilkha Neurogenetic Institute

The Zilkha Neurogenetic Institute on the University of Southern California campus is a neurological and psychiatric diseases research facility. It is an organized research unit of the Keck School of Medicine of USC.
The Institute is partially funded from the 1999 naming gift of $110 million, given by the W. M. Keck Foundation to the then-USC School of Medicine; the gift designated $22 million to build the new Zilkha Neurogenetic Institute facility on the Health Sciences Campus. Construction of the Institute began in the fall 2001, and it opened in January 2003. The National Institutes of Health also awarded two million dollar construction grants to the Keck School of Medicine.
At the institute, basic and clinical neuroscientists work together to understand and ultimately develop cures for a range of neurological and psychiatric disorders such as Alzheimer's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, anxiety disorders, bipolar disorders, depression, schizophrenia, etc. 

</doc>
<doc id="19624556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624556" title="Winnipeg Rifles">
Winnipeg Rifles

Winnipeg Rifles are a Canadian football team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The Rifles are members of the Canadian Junior Football League and play their home games at Investors Group Field, home of the CFL's Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
History.
Junior football in Winnipeg dates back to the 1920s, with the formation of the Manitoba Junior Football League. In 1953, teams from Winnipeg began playing in the CJFL, the most successful being the Winnipeg Rods, who won three championships. Those teams would eventually fold or merge. The Winnipeg Hawkeyes were the last Winnipeg-based team prior to the Rifles, folding in 1996. 
In 1999, an effort to bring back a team to Winnipeg was headed by James Ladd. The team began play in the CJFL in 2002, playing out of Canad Inns Stadium. Beginning in 2013, the Rifles will play out of Investors Group Field.
The team is named after the Royal Winnipeg Rifles Regiment that was founded in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19624564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624564" title="Joe Creason Park">
Joe Creason Park

Joe Creason Park is a municipal park in Louisville, Kentucky USA. Located in the Poplar Level neighborhood, it is in roughly the central portion of the city. The park adjoins and connects to Beargrass Creek State Nature Preserve, and both were originally part of the same property prior to becoming parks.
The park is located on the south fork of Beargrass Creek. It opened as a park in 1966.
History.
In 1789, Joseph Kinney and Basil Prather purchased the land that became the park as adjoining estates from Robert Daniel. Kinney built a house where the current Metro Parks administration building stands; Prather’s house was located to the northwest, across Illinois Avenue near where the Quarry Shopping Center is today.
Kinney's estate was called "Fox Hill" and passed through several owners. John B. Castleman, a Confederate veteran and local real estate investor, owned the property from 1885 to 1894 and renamed it Castleford. Ben Collings, a construction materials supplier specializing in concrete, purchased the property in 1937 and renamed it "Colonial Farms".
The Basil Prather estate was partitioned after his death, with numerous owners over the years until they were acquired for the temporary Camp Taylor operation during World War I. Ben Collings permanently reassembled them after the war.
Collings accumulated almost by the time of his death in 1951, including much of what became the Louisville Zoo. His widow sold some of the land to private interests and the Archdiocese of Louisville. Bellarmine College purchased the remainder of the estate. In 1966, the city of Louisville paid Bellarmine approximately $600,000 for , including the mansion.
The farm had been used to grow tobacco at some points, but by Collings' ownership it was a horse farm. It was also used as an orchard, and a few fruit trees still remain. The Prather graveyard still remains on the property.
Mansion.
After the original 154-year-old farmhouse burnt down, Ben Collings built the current park mansion in 1944. Determined to avoid another fire, Collings had the mansion built with thick concrete walls and floors and a copper and slate roof. This sturdy construction made it suitable for use as Louisville Metro Parks's headquarters.
Park history.
The National Recreation and Park Association held its annual conference at Joe Creason Park in 1982.
Park features.
Joe Creason Park includes the Louisville Tennis Center, where 25 Grand Slam players have competed, including Arthur Ashe, Rod Laver, Jimmy Connors, Billie Jean King and John McEnroe. The center has 11 clay courts, seating for 400 spectators and a clubhouse.
A paved multi-use path was added to the park in 2007.
There is also a playground, picnic shelter and a field suitable for soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="19624611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624611" title="Argyrochosma jonesii">
Argyrochosma jonesii

Argyrochosma jonesii is a species of fern native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. Its common name is Jones' false cloak fern. It grows in cracks in calcareous ledges and slopes in and around the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts. This fern produces leaves up to 15 centimeters long which are made up of leaflets subdivided into leathery, fleshy segments which are rounded to spade-shaped. Each sporangium contains 64 spores.

</doc>
<doc id="19624613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624613" title="Laciana">
Laciana

Laciana, "Tsaciana" in Leonese language, is a comarca in the province of León, Spain. It had 11,904 inhabitants in 2005. The rivers of this comarca flow towards the Atlantic Ocean. Local people speak a certain variant of the Leonese language known as "Patsuezo".
Many areas in Laciana were degraded in the past by open-pit mining and mining-related contamination. This comarca was declared a Biosphere Reserve in 2003.
Language.
The predominant language is Castilian which coexists with the native Leon variant known as the Patsuezu language. Despite being endangered, there are various efforts being made to revitalize the traditional dialect of the area. A book entitled "Street Cries of the Villablino Festivals" by Emilce Núñez was written about these efforts.
Economy.
The region is an eminently mining region that has been hit by the economic crisis. Now it is committed to finding economic alternatives for the future. It is the headquarters of the steel mining companies Ponferrada, 8 HCCSA and 9 HBG (Hijos de Baldomero Garcia Viloria Group.
Biological reserve.
On July 10, 2003, Laciana Valley was officially declared a Biosphere Reserve.
Furthermore, the Laciana Biosphere Reserve Laciana is included within the project Plan of Natural Resources Management of the Natural Area Sierra de Ancares to extend the area of involvement due to the size of the populations of grouse and bear.
The biosphere reserve of Laciana includes 21,700 hectares of the region, divided into several zones according to their ecological interest:
Municipalities.
Villablino is the main municipality. It has the following villages within its term:

</doc>
<doc id="19624629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624629" title="Skouras Brothers Enterprises">
Skouras Brothers Enterprises

The Skouras Brothers Enterprises Inc. was an American movie theater chain from the early days of film-making based in St. Louis, Missouri. It was owned and operated by three brothers: Charles, Spyros and George. Even though it never became as important and famous as other family based companies, like the Warner Brothers, its members came to play important roles in American film industry.
The Skouras brothers arrived in St. Louis in 1910 from Greece. Living frugally on wages as busboys and bartenders in downtown hotels, they pooled their savings of $3500 in 1914 and in partnership with two other Greeks, they constructed a modest nickelodeon (movie theater) at 1420 Market Street on the site of today's Peabody Opera House. This initial property, named the Olympia, was quickly followed by the acquisition of other theaters. 
The brothers incorporated in 1924 with $400,000 capital stock. By then more than thirty local theaters belonged to the Skouras Brothers Co. of St. Louis. The biggest moment for the Skouras empire came when their dream of building a world-class movie palace in downtown St. Louis was grandly realized in 1926 when the $5.5 million Ambassador Theatre Building opened (this theater re-opened in 1939 as the New Fox Theatre). 
During the depression the company encountered financial trouble. Like many other movie and theatrer moguls the Skouras Brothers were fighting for their survival. In 1928, control of the Skouras Brothers Enterprises, Inc., and the St. Louis Amusement Company was acquired by Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. and the brothers joined the film company as managers of film production. On January 24, 1931, the Skouras Brothers resigned from Warner Brothers. 
Spyros Skouras became in 1942 president of 20th Century Fox. During Skouras' tenure - which was the longest in the company's history - he worked to rescue the faltering movie industry from television's lure. 20th Century Fox's famous advertising slogan, "Movies are Better than Ever", gained credibility in 1953 when Spyros introduced Cinemascope in the studio's groundbreaking feature film "The Robe". With his introduction of Cinemascope, Skouras did much to save the movie industry from its newly invented competitor - television.
Charles Skouras became president of Fox Coast West. In a late 1950s suit, Samuel Goldwyn claimed that Twentieth Century-Fox, Fox West Coast Theatres, National Theatres, Charles P. Skouras, and several affiliated circuits including T & D. Junior Enterprises had intentionally discriminated against independently-produced films, and he sought compensation for years of perceived oppression. Charles died before the trial took place.
George Skouras became president of United Artists Theatres. In 1952 George joined United Artists with Michael Todd and Joe Schenck, former president of Twentieth Century Fox, in order to form the Magna Theatre Corporation for production and distribution of Todd-AO films.

</doc>
<doc id="19624637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624637" title="Kirk House (Narrowsburg, New York)">
Kirk House (Narrowsburg, New York)

Kirk House is a historic home located at Narrowsburg in Sullivan County, New York. The original section was built in the 1840s as a one story frame schoolhouse. It was moved to its present site in 1875 and a second story was added the following year. It measures , three bays in length and two bays wide. It was coated with stucco in the 1920s. It features a center entrance and foll width, one story porch with Italianate style detailing. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19624647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624647" title="Juan Carlos I Antarctic Base">
Juan Carlos I Antarctic Base

Juan Carlos I Antarctic Base, named after the king of Spain, Juan Carlos I (), is a seasonal (November to March) scientific station operated by Spain, opened in January 1988. Situated on Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.
Location.
The base is located at which is on the coast of Española Cove, South Bay, in the northern foothills of Mount Reina Sofía, and 2.7 km south-southwest of the Bulgarian base St. Kliment Ohridski. The two bases are linked by a 5.5 km overland route via Johnsons Glacier, Charrua Gap, Contell Glacier and Krum Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="19624648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624648" title="Johan Gregor van der Schardt">
Johan Gregor van der Schardt

Johan (or Jan) Gregor van der Schardt (Nijmegen, the Netherlands, c. 1530/31 – Denmark, after 1581) was a sculptor from the Northern Renaissance.
He toured Italy in the 1560s (working in Bologna) and was in the service of Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor, in Vienna from 1569 to 1576, whilst also taking commissions in Nuremberg, where he specialised in painted terracotta busts, including a self-portrait of about 1573, one of the earliest such by a sculptor.
After 1576 he moved to the royal court of Denmark (with a return to Nuremberg in 1579) where he is presumed to have worked during the 1580s and died in the early 1590s, perhaps at Uraniborg on 30 November 1591.
Unusually for a non-Italian artist, his work was praised by Giorgio Vasari.

</doc>
<doc id="19624650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624650" title="Embassy (film)">
Embassy (film)

Embassy is a 1972 film based on a spy thriller novel by Stephen Coulter. It was a British film directed by Gordon Hessler, written by John Bird and William Fairchild, and with music scored by Biddu.
The film starred Richard Roundtree as a CIA officer, Ray Milland as an Ambassador, Max von Sydow as a Russian defector taking refuge at the embassy, and Chuck Connors as a KGB assassin posing as a U.S. Air Force officer. Broderick Crawford played the embassy Regional Security Officer, Frank Dunniger, who had to capture and hide the KGB man while the CIA smuggled the defector out of town.

</doc>
<doc id="19624655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624655" title="Alpine (G.I. Joe)">
Alpine (G.I. Joe)

Alpine is a fictional character from the toyline, comic books and cartoon series. He is the G.I. Joe Team's mountain trooper and debuted in 1985.
Profile.
His real name is Albert M. Pine, and his rank is that of corporal E-4. Alpine was born in Minidoka, Idaho. All subsequent releases of Alpine list his rank as that of Sergeant E-5 only the 1985 release listed his Rank as Corporal E-4.
He grew up in the "Snake River Plain", where mountains surrounded on all four sides. This affected his childhood, and he took up mountain climbing as a symbolic representation of overcoming his life. He continued this while working as an accountant for a large publishing firm. Alpine graduated from Ranger School at Fort Benning, and is a qualified expert with M-16, M-14, M-60 and M-1911A1 auto pistol.
Alpine is an expert climber, having mastered the challenge of climbing encumbered with weapons, armor, ammunition, communications equipment and other military gear. He has also made good use of his secondary military specialty, applying his refined approach to bookkeeping as a finance clerk. Alpine likes to remind his teammates that the FBI has brought in more bad guys through accounting, than by kicking down doors. During his time with G.I. Joe, Alpine has also forged a strong friendship with Bazooka.
Toys.
Alpine was first released as an action figure in 1985.
Comics.
Marvel Comics.
In the Marvel Comics "G.I. Joe" series, he first appeared in issue #45 (March 1986). He works with Quick Kick, Flint and Spirit; they invade Cobra Island in an attempt to rescue the rogue soldier Ripcord. Alpine then takes part in the G.I. Joe invasion of the Cobra-controlled town of Springfield. He is part of a Joe team that chases Zartan when he escapes from G.I. Joe headquarters. The team is thwarted by the Dreadnoks's new vehicle, the Thunder Machine.
He works closely with Airtight in the second issue of "Special Missions". They work to neutralize a gas-weapon from WW II that was lost in a Greenland glacier. Alpine also appears in issue #25 of "Special Missions". He assists other Joes, such as Lightfoot in neutralizing the threat of bomb-carrying terrorists from the fictional country of Darklonia.
Action Force.
Alpine is part of a G.I. Joe squad that stops a Crimson Guard plan to blow up the Eiffel Tower.
Devil's Due comics.
In the Devil's Due "G.I. Joe" series, he has a wife and one child. Alpine meets up with three of his friends in his new hometown of Delhi Hills. He spends some time drinking with Rock 'n Roll, Bazooka and Mutt at "Old Clyde's", a Delhi Hills bar. He talks about how he's not sure he wants to answer General Hawk's call to return to G.I. Joe, because he has a child now, an accounting job and a life at Delhi Hills. The four Joes soon learn that Old Clyde's and most of the town are a Cobra front, and are captured.
The four Joes manage to escape, partly due to the assistance of Mutt's dog Junkyard Junior. In the ensuing battle, they destroy the bar and many vehicles in the parking lot. However, when they call in backup, there is no evidence of any Cobra involvement. The group's veteran status assures that they are believed. Alpine and his friends are cleared of all doubt, when anonymous information leads to Cobra influence being discovered in Delhi Hills. Alpine is one of the many Joes to take part in the invasion of Cobra Island during the second Cobra civil war.
Cartoon.
Sunbow.
Alpine appears in the Sunbow "" cartoon voiced by Lee Weaver.
Partial appearance list:
G.I. Joe: The Movie.
He plays a minor but critical role in "". Bazooka, Alpine, and Gung-Ho are charged with guarding the captured Serpentor. Lt. Falcon is supposed to be guarding the front, but leaves his post. As a result, all three Joes are attacked by the Dreadnoks and Nemesis Enforcer resulting in the three of them getting injured by Nemesis Enforcer.
In the opening of the film, Alpine memorably ropes a Firebat and kicks in its cockpit while defending the Statue of Liberty.
Other media.
Alpine is mentioned as an "unique character" in an essay, in the non-fiction book "Integrating English: developing English language and literacy in the multilingual classroom".

</doc>
<doc id="19624663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624663" title="Copper salicylate">
Copper salicylate

Copper salicylate is a compound with formula Cu2(C6H5OCOO)2. It is the copper salt of salicylic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="19624679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624679" title="54th parallel north">
54th parallel north

The 54th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 54 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 17 hours, 9 minutes during the summer solstice and 7 hours, 22 minutes during the winter solstice.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian (in the North Sea southeast of Bridlington, East Yorkshire, England) and heading eastwards, the parallel 54° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="19624684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624684" title="Table tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of 37 events, 27 for men and 10 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19624688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624688" title="Rügen Railway &amp; Technology Museum">
Rügen Railway &amp; Technology Museum

The Rügen Railway and Technology Museum ("Eisenbahn & Technik Museum Rügen" or "ETM") is a German railway museum based on the Baltic Sea island resort of Rügen in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It was established in 1994 and is housed in the museum section of the Nazi-built "Kraft durch Freude" ('strength through joy') building complex at Prora which is a protected monument.
In the vicinity of the station, in a 4000 m² hall and in the open air, the following may be visited:

</doc>
<doc id="19624694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624694" title="2009 Atlantic Championship season">
2009 Atlantic Championship season

The 2009 IMSA Cooper Tires Atlantic Championship season was the thirty-sixth Atlantic Championship season. It was the first full season of the Championship under the sanctioning of the International Motor Sports Association. After a three-way title battle into the final round at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, John Edwards became the series' youngest champion, beating Jonathan Summerton on a tie-breaker, after both drivers finished on 182 points. They also finished tied on four victories, but Edwards broke the tie with four second place finishes compared to Summerton's three.
Schedule.
Seven rounds are held jointly with the American Le Mans Series: Sebring, Miller, Lime Rock, Mid-Ohio, Mosport, Road Atlanta and Laguna Seca.
The series planned to open its season on a road course on Hutchinson Island in Savannah, Georgia on March 15. The race was postponed until 2010, as further work on the track was required before it could be homolgated for professional open wheel racing. A second race at New Jersey Motorsports Park and Autobahn Country Club were added instead.
Drivers and Teams.
The following teams and drivers are confirmed to be competing in the 2009 Atlantic Championship. All teams are using the Swift 016.a chassis powered by a Mazda-Cosworth MZR 2.3-litre inline-4 engine and Cooper tires. C2 Class teams use the Swift 014.a chassis.
Championship Standings.
The point system was modified from previous years for the 2009 season. Points are awarded as follows:
Television and other video.
For the 2009 season, a new Atlantic Championship high definition television package was announced on HDNet, which features live coverage of certain events, and replays of others.
Web video of events has also historically been available on the series website, and the series also has its own official YouTube channel under the username "AtlanticRacingSeries."

</doc>
<doc id="19624708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624708" title="2008 Grand National">
2008 Grand National

The 2008 Grand National (known as the John Smith's Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 161st official annual running of the world-famous Grand National steeplechase which took place at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool, England, on 5 April 2008 and attracted the maximum permitted field of 40 runners, competing for total prize money of £450,640.
Joint-favourite Comply or Die and Irish jockey Timmy Murphy won the race (it was Murphy's eleventh attempt at the National), four lengths ahead of King John's Castle in second place and Snowy Morning in third.
Competitors and betting.
Cloudy Lane, ridden by Jason Maguire, was the long-time ante-post favourite but was joined just before the off by Comply or Die, ridden by Timmy Murphy; the pair sent off as 7-1 joint-favourites. The top weight of 11 stone and 12 lbs was carried by former winner Hedgehunter, ridden by Ruby Walsh. The full order of betting at the off was as follows:
Three riders were having their thirteenth ride in the race: Mick Fitzgerald, who won the race in 1996 on Rough Quest, Paul Carberry, who won the race in 1999 on Bobbyjo, and Tony McCoy. Other former winning riders competing were Ruby Walsh (Hedgehunter in 2005 and Papillon in 2000), Barry Geraghty (Monty's Pass in 2003), Tony Dobbin (Lord Gyllene in 1997) and Robbie Power (Silver Birch in 2007).
Ardaghey was listed as first reserve and was called into the race when Opera Mundi was withdrawn the day before.
The race.
The runners were sent away to a clean first start with No Full leading over the first fence, which all 40 runners cleared safely. The fences leading up to the sixth, Becher's Brook, claimed seven runners as Black Apalachi fell having taken the lead at the second; L'Ami, whose rider Mick Fitzgerlad had to go to hospital with neck and back injuries, and Backbeat also fell. Tumbling Dice and Iron Man both unseated their riders when taking off too soon at the third, while Ardaghey and Fundamentalist got in too close to the fourth fence and both fell, leaving 31 runners continuing to Becher's, led by Mr. Pointment and Milan Deux Mille.
No Full was up in the leading dozen runners when he clipped the top of Becher's and fell, and the casualties increased at the Canal Turn where Madison Du Berlais fell and hampered Philson Run, whose rider was unseated. The 11th fence claimed two more fallers when Contraband and Kelami both failed to negotiate that obstacle, leaving 26 to complete the first circuit.
The water jump (16th fence) marked the end of the first circuit and was taken with Chelsea Harbour having moved up to lead from Mr. Pointment, D'Argent, Simon and Comply Or Die next in a tightly-packed field, which was reduced by one when Point Barrow was pulled up. Five other runners all left the contest before reaching Becher's Brook for the second time; Voldka Bleu, Naunton Brook and Bob Hall were all pulled up before the 19th; Joacci fell at the next and McKelvey also unseated his rider. McKelvey then veered sharply off the course after falling when trying to negotiate the running rails and suffering fatal injuries, becoming the sixth horse to die in the Grand National since the turn of the century.
At Becher's Brook for the second time the first dozen remained tightly grouped consisting of Chelsea Harbour, Mr. Pointment, Comply or Die, the grey D'Argent, Butler's Cabin, Snowy Morning, Idle Talk, Bewley's Berry, Knowhere, Simon, Mon Mome and Hedgehunter; Butler's Cabin fell there. 
Knowhere and Simon were beginning to lose touch when unseated at Valentine's fence, where Turko also fell. Joint-favourite Cloudy Lane had never been in the front rank and now looked too far off the pace to mount a challenge, as did Nadover, Bailey Breeze and Hi Cloy, with Cornish Sett and Milan Deux Mille tailed off with five fences to jump.
D'Argent also looked like he was just starting to drop away when he fell four fences from home. Comply or Die took the final fence the best and was never headed on the long run-in, winning by four lengths from King John's Castle and Snowy Morning; Slim Pickings was again fourth. Eleven others finished in the following order: Bewley's Berry, Cloudy Lane, Nadover, Baily Breeze, Chelsea Harbour, Mon Mome, Hi Cloy, Cornish Sett, Hedgehunter, Idle Talk and Milan Deux Mille. Dun Doire was pulled up before jumping the second-last fence and long-time leader Mr. Pointment pulled up before the last.
Aftermath.
It was the first Grand National win for all of the connections with Comply or Die, with jockey Timmy Murphy telling reporters that the race was the highlight of his career, confessing that the trainer had said the horse was a certainty to win. Owner David Johnson was also delighted to win after having had around 20 horses compete unsuccessfully in previous Nationals.
All of the other jockeys to complete the course returned stating their happiness with their mounts and such was the competitive nature of the race that all had felt they still had a chance at Becher's on the second circuit, the only exception being Tom Malone, whose Milan Deux Mille was already tailed off at that stage and finished a long way behind the rest.
2008 was Tony Dobbin's final ride in the Grand National, having announced his retirement before the race.
As a result of spinal injuries suffered in the race, Mick Fitzgerald also announced his retirement from race riding later that year.
Coverage.
The National was televised live in the United Kingdom in a four-hour long broadcast on BBC One, presented by Clare Balding with Rishi Persad and guest presenter Richard Dunwoody. The commentary team of four commentators was Ian Bartlett, Tony O'Hehir, Darren Owen and lead commentator Jim McGrath who called the winner home for the eleventh consecutive year. 
The action was broadcast via fifty-two cameras, including cameras situated inside fences, although the use of jockey cams, cameras placed inside riders helmets was not used this year. The famous head-on elevated shot of Becher's Brook, which became synonymous with the fence for almost 50 years was replaced with a low angle shot. This was the 49th annual broadcast of the race live by the BBC but was the first not to be broadcast as part of a "Grandstand" special.
Jockeys.
For the second consecutive year, Tony McCoy, Mick Fitzgerald and Paul Carberry weighed out as the most experienced riders in the race, each taking their thirteenth attempt at a Grand National. Both Fitzgerald (1996) and Carberry (1999) had previously won the race but McCoy joined Jeff King, Peter Scudamore and David Nicholson in having faced the starter thirteen times in the National without ever being winner or runner-up, although in Scudamore's case this included the void race of 1993. It proved to be the final race that Fitzgerald rode in as he suffered serious neck, back and knee ligament injuries from his fall from L'Ami at the second fence. It forced him to retire from race riding.
Eight riders made their debut in the race with Paddy Flood, Aidan Coleman and Nick Scholfield all completing the course while Wilson Renwick fell at the second fence.

</doc>
<doc id="19624726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624726" title="Royal Naval Engineering College">
Royal Naval Engineering College

The Royal Naval Engineering College was a specialist establishment for the training of Royal Navy engineers. It was founded as Keyham College in 1880, new buildings were opened in Manadon in 1940 and the old college site at Keyham closed in 1958. The college was renamed HMS "Thunderer" in 1946, and closed in 1995.
Keyham College.
Construction of Keyham College on the dockside in the Keyham suburb of Plymouth started in February 1879, at a cost of £30,000 and opened in July 1880 as Training Schools for Engineer Students, replacing the hulk of HMS "Marlborough" which had been used as accommodation for engineering students since 1877. Students spent five years living at the college, and undergoing training in workshops around the dockyard, before spending a further two years at Greenwich college and then assigned to ships as Assistant Engineers. 
The college originally only contained accommodation, replacing that provided by "Marlborough", but an additional building was later constructed containing lecture theatres, a laboratory and a gymnasium which was subsequently converted to a test engineering shop. The two buildings were connected by a bridge. Later further workshops were added, as was a covered parade ground. An extension to provide accommodation for an additional 50 students was built in 1895-1897.
The Selborne-Fisher scheme of 1903 meant that engineering and deck officers received the same basic training and led the closure of the college in 1910. However it reopened in July 1913 and on the outbreak of the First World War the following year the students were sent off to serve on warships and the college turned over to special entry cadet training. After the war, the college reverted to engineer training.
RNEC Manadon.
Plans were announced in 1937 to move the college to Manadon, and the new college opened in May 1940 at the manor house, expanding rapidly during the Second World War. By 1945 there were several new permanent and temporary buildings on the site, and the original manor house was being used for staff accommodation. 
In December 1946 the RNEC Manadon had been renamed HMS "Thunderer". Further permanent building work took place following the end of the war, with a recreation block completed in 1947, and the instructional block, boiler house and factory workshop completed in 1951. 
The old Keyham College closed in 1958 and was converted to the Dockyard Technical College, reopening in November 1959. The buildings were demolished in 1985.
HMS Thunderer produced around 150 RN engineer officers each year. In addition, a small number of seaman branch officers read for undergraduate arts degrees at the college. This continued until 1995 with the final Manadon students completing their 3rd year of BEng or BA degrees at Plymouth University in 1996. In parallel, in-service 1st degree education transferred to the University of Southampton from 1994. Post graduate application training that had previously been conducted at RNEC Manadon transferred to HMS Sultan (marine and air engineering) and HMS Collingwood (weapon engineering). Various artifacts from the instructional blocks and Wardroom at RNEC Manadon are on display at these two establishments.
The site of the former RNEC at Manadon, Plymouth was sold off and has now been transformed into residential housing.

</doc>
<doc id="19624732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624732" title="Delilah (missile)">
Delilah (missile)

The Delilah missile is a cruise missile developed in Israel by Israel Military Industries (IMI). The missile is designed to target moving and re-locatable targets with a CEP of . Unlike a typical cruise missile, which is locked onto a pre-programmed target prior to launch, the Delilah missile is touted by the Israeli military as being able to "patrol" and surveil an area before a remote navigator identifies the specific target of the attack.
Overview.
The Delilah missile is the name of several variants of an Israeli missile built by IMI. Delilah was initially created as an aerial decoy, and was later developed into an offensive strike weapon in the 1990s used by Israeli F-16 and upgraded F-4E attack aircraft. It can be used as multi platformed and against multi target. Such as AS; Air to surface, SS ; Surface to surface, AtoA ; Air to air and SA ; Surface to air. Targeting ground targets, vehicles and sea vessels stable and / or moving. Can be classified as MRMPGM ; Medium Range, Multi Purpose Guided Missile as All in One. Combat Proven in Lebanon by Israeli Forces.
Variants.
Delilah UAV.
The Delilah anti-radiation attack drone was configured after the US MQM-74 Chukar aerial target. It entered service in the mid-1960s. This air-launched drone identifies radar sites, allowing them to be found and destroyed.
Delilah Missile.
The Delilah is an air-launched stand-off missile and cruise missile with a range of 250km and can be fitted with a variety of warheads which can be targeted on both land and sea targets. It has a turbo jet engine that is able to loiter, allowing it to target well-hidden threats in addition to moving targets. This manouverability makes the missile ideal at destroying Surface-to-air missile threats. The onboard autopilot and INS/GPS navigation system allows the missile to perform its mission autonomously. 
A data link enables intervention and target validation. The Delilah missile was first used in combat by Israel over Lebanon in July and August 2006 and launched by F-16D fighter aircraft. The missile can be fired from most aircraft, helicopters, or ground launchers. Its compact dimensions allow it to be carried by the Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk and SH-60B helicopters. It carries a small but effective warhead to destroy the target with minimal collateral damage.
Delilah-GL Missile.
The Delilah-GL is a ground-launched version of the Delilah cruise missile, that has a range of 250 km. It is equipped with a 30 kg conventional explosive warhead. the missile can also be modified to carry other payloads, such as infrared target seeking and guidance devices. It is guided by GPS and has the ability to loiter in the target area, before confirming the target through real-time visual intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="19624757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624757" title="Hired Gun">
Hired Gun

Hired Gun was a medium sized development team created internally within Microsoft Studios, headed by project leader Jo Clowes. The team worked on the port of Halo 2 from its original Xbox edition, to a new and improved Windows Vista exclusive.
The team consisted of approximately 50 members, divided between port coding, the development of the map editor and new multiplayer maps, as well as software testing.
Their project, which became dubbed "Halo 2 Vista" or "H2V", was developed between early February 2006 and April 2007. Hired Gun provided patch support for the game up until October 2007, after which the team were dissolved and redistributed within Microsoft Studios to work on other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19624791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624791" title="2001 Chevrolet Cup – Singles">
2001 Chevrolet Cup – Singles

Gustavo Kuerten was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Guillermo Coria won in the final 4–6, 6–2, 7–5 against Gastón Gaudio.

</doc>
<doc id="19624813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624813" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 500 metres

The men's C-2 500 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
Eleven teams entered in two heats on August 6. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the final and the remaining five teams were relegated to the semifinal.
Young's first name is listed as J. Bret in the official report while Yun's first name is listed as Hi-Chun.
Semifinal.
A semifinal was held on August 8. The top three finishers from the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 10.
The Yugoslavs won the gold thanks to a closing spurt that pushed them past the Romanians after 400 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19624825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624825" title="Denmark–Poland relations">
Denmark–Poland relations

Danish-Polish relations are foreign relations between the states of Denmark and Poland. Denmark has an embassy in Warsaw. Furthermore there are 6 consulates located in the cities of: Gdansk, Krakow, Lodz, Poznan, Szczecin and Wroclaw.
Both countries are full members of NATO and of the European Union.
History.
Denmark, besides Turkey, objected Partitions of Poland in 1795.

</doc>
<doc id="19624839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624839" title="Howard Benedict">
Howard Benedict

Howard Benedict is an American lacrosse coach. He is the founder, and was the coach at New Canaan High School for 34 years.
Biography.
Howard Benedict is the founder, and was the lacrosse coach at New Canaan High School for 34 years. He grew up in Fairfield Connecticut, and graduated from Fairfield College Preparatory School. Benedict was a varsity lacrosse player at Lafayette College, graduating in 1967.
He coached the first varsity team in New Canaan in 1974 (he was also an English teach at the school). Benedict founded the New Canaan Lacrosse Association in 1979. His brother, Jonathan, who went on to become the Chief Connecticut State Prosecutor (famous for convicting Michael Skakel), drew up the non-profit incorporation papers.
Benedict went on to win a combined 18 FCIAC and State Championships and is still the winningest coach in Connecticut lacrosse history. After a controversial dismissal in 2008, Benedict was named the US Lacrosse CT Man of the Year and elected into the Connecticut Lacrosse Hall of Fame, said to be a “founding father” of Connecticut lacrosse.
Players.
Benedict has coached a long list of outstanding players who have succeeded in the highest levels of college lacrosse. A number of his players went on to play professionally in the MLL, these include: Andy Towers ’87 (Brown), Scott Harrison ’91 (Duke), David Curry ‘93 (UVA), Austin Garrison ’98 (UNC), Dan Gross ’01 (Loyola), Tommy Harris '03 (Hartford), David Hawley ’07 (Brown) and Charlie Streep ’07 (Bucknell/UVA).
Benedict himself was honored by Major League Lacrosse at the "The Reunion Celebration," hosted by the MLL which was a tribute to the lacrosse talent produced by the state of Connecticut and those who have contributed to the game’s growth in the state. At halftime of the first-ever MLL Lacrosse Star game, Major League Lacrosse honored the coaches and players whose contributions have made Connecticut into an important pool. Benedict was named one of the Connecticut Lacrosse "Star Reunion Honorees" 
"The sport of lacrosse has a very rich history, especially here in the great state of Connecticut," said MLL founder, Jake Steinfeld, CEO of Body by Jake enterprises. "Recognizing individuals like Guy Whitten, Howard Benedict and Jeff Brameier who have had a positive impact on the development of lacrosse enhances that rich tradition, not only for today, but for the future of the sport in Connecticut."
Coaches.
Many of Benedict’s players have become coaches at high level high school and colleges, these include: (current or most recent positions listed, listed oldest to youngest, * denotes having coached with Benedict at NCHS)

</doc>
<doc id="19624852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624852" title="Kōji Takahashi">
Kōji Takahashi

Career.
While he was in Toyo University, Takahashi became a chauffeur of Seiji Miyaguchi, an actor of the theatrical company . In 1959, he joined Bungakuza, and made his debut with the play . In 1963, he played a role in the film directed by Kaneto Shindō.
The subsequent major roles include Oda Nobunaga in the 3rd NHK Taiga Drama Taikōki in 1965, as Lieutenant Hayami in the NHK Morning Drama Series Ohanahan in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19624862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624862" title="Bangkok gubernatorial election, 2008">
Bangkok gubernatorial election, 2008

The eighth gubernatorial election for the city of Bangkok, Thailand, was held on 5 October 2008. The election was won by the incumbent Governor Apirak Kosayothin, placing him in his second consecutive four-year term in office, winning 45.93 percent of the vote. Of a total of 4,087,329 eligible voters, 2,214,320 voted, giving a turnout rate of 54.18 percent, lower than the 70 percent target expected by the Election Committee.
Sixteen candidates contested the election. Mr Apirak, candidate for the opposition Democrat Party, was seen as the favourite. Other candidates included Chuwit Kamolvisit, a former massage parlour businessman who also ran in the 2004 election, Prapas Chongsa-nguan, former governor of the Mass Rapid Transit Authority of Thailand and candidate for the People's Power Party, Kriengsak Chareonwongsak, an academic and professor in business administration, and Leena Jangjanja, a businesswoman and lawyer who ran in the previous election and the 2006 senate election.
The sixth elected governor of Bangkok, Mr Apirak is the second to be elected to a second term, after Chamlong Srimuang, governor from 1985–1992, who was incidentally arrested at a polling station early on the election day, on charges of insurrection due to his role as leader of the People's Alliance for Democracy, a group which has staged protests and occupied Government House since August.
Campaign.
Mr Apirak's four-year term as governor ended on 28 August 2008. Applications for the post were accepted from 1 to 5 September, and the official list of candidates was announced on 11 September. Campaigning included public speeches by candidates, television interviews, campaign trucks announcing messages through loudspeakers, and most noticeably, a multitude of campaign posters erected on the pavements, some of which fell over and injured pedestrians and motorcyclists.
The more unusual campaigning stunts included Mrs Leena's bathing in a canal to reflect the local population's experiences, which ended tragically when her campaign manager drowned. Nearer to the election day, Mr Chuwit caused headline news by punching and kicking a television journalist after an interview.
Mr Chuwit also filed complaints against Mr Apirak, claiming that the appearance of Mr Apirak's name on the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration's election publicity posters violated electoral law. The case was accepted by the Bangkok Election Committee, but a final ruling by the Election Commission would not be heard until after the election.
Polling and results.
Polling was organised by the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration under the supervision of the Bangkok Election Commission, with a total budget of over 154 million baht. Voting took place from 08:00 to 15:00 on 5 October at 6,337 polling stations across the fifty districts of the city.
Exit polls by Assumption and Suan Dusit Rajabhat Universities indicated that Mr Apirak had won 44 to 52 percent of the vote by the time the polling stations closed. The unofficial results, to be submitted to the Election Commission for approval, were announced by the Bangkok City Clerk on midnight.
Summary of Bangkok gubernatorial election results, 2008
! align="left"|Candidate
! align="left"|Affiliation
! Votes
! Rank
! align="left" colspan="3"|Total
! 2,157,599
! 100
! align="left" colspan="3"|Total turnout
! 2,214,320
! colspan="2"| 

</doc>
<doc id="19624880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624880" title="Volleyball at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Volleyball at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Volleyball at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events, men's sitting and men's standing.

</doc>
<doc id="19624886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624886" title="Live at the Britt Festival">
Live at the Britt Festival

Live at the Britt Festival is a live album by Michael Nesmith, released in 1999. It was recorded live at the Britt Festival in Jacksonville, OR, on June 19, 1992. To prepare for the concert, Nesmith conducted a limited U.S. tour which featured a similar set list as the Britt Festival.
The performance was Nesmith's last with longtime collaborator and pedal steel guitarist Red Rhodes, who died shortly after the concert.
The album features a rare occasion of Nesmith (as a solo artist) singing a Monkees song, "Papa Gene's Blues" (originally from the album "The Monkees").
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith except as otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19624892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624892" title="Vilho Tilkanen">
Vilho Tilkanen

Vilho Oskari Tilkanen (14 April 1885 – 1 August 1945) was a Finnish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Karinainen.
In 1912 he was a member of the Finnish cycling team which finished fifth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 21st.

</doc>
<doc id="19624895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624895" title="Transmountain Early College High School">
Transmountain Early College High School

Transmountain Early College High School, commonly referred to as TMECHS, is the Early College High School for the El Paso Independent School District. TMECHS participates in the STEM School program, and through collaboration with EPCC, allows students to take courses at its Transmountain Campus and receive an Associate degree before their high school graduation. It has also collaborated with the University of Texas at El Paso to allow its advanced students to attend UTEP courses in their senior year upon the early completion of their Associate Degree. All TMECHS students graduate under the Texas Distinguished Achievement Plan, which requires that they conduct original research under the guidance of professionals in their field. Its students are representative of all geographic areas of the city. A lottery and interview process are used to select the 125 student freshman class each year since 2008.
Accelerated Graduation Plan.
The TMECHS administration have designed and successfully implemented a program to allow advanced TMECHS students to complete their Associate Degrees by the end of their Junior year, and to attend UTEP courses their senior year. The first 27 of these early graduates have successfully completed their EPCC degrees and moved on to 4 year universities. An arrangement was established by the school district to provide bus transportation for TMECHS students to and from UTEP by sharing the bus route already in place for the International Baccalaureate program students of Coronado High School.
NCESSE Student Spaceflight Experiments Program.
On STS-134, the Space Shuttle Endeavor launched with the science experiment "Effect of Microgravity on Biofilm Formation by E. coli on Polystyrene Particles" designed by TMECHS Juniors Jarisma Rodriguez and Michelle Holguin. STS-134 was the final mission of the Space Shuttle Endeavor and the penultimate mission of NASA's Space Shuttle program.
Admission.
To qualify for admission, students must:
Sports.
TMECHS does not offer school-sponsored competitive sports. However, it does offer intramural sports including American football, volleyball, soccer, and basketball.
Music.
TMECHS offers band, orchestra, piano, and guitar as electives, but does not participate in district-sponsored musical competitions such as Solo & Ensemble or All-Region competitions.
Available Degree Plans.
This is a comprehensive list of the Associate Degree plans available for TMECHS students.

</doc>
<doc id="19624905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624905" title="CKPM-FM">
CKPM-FM

CKPM-FM is a Canadian radio station. Licenced to Port Moody, British Columbia and operating at 98.7 FM, the station serves the Tri-Cities area. On 30 May 2008, Matthew Gordon McBride, on behalf of McBride Communications, received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate a new English-language radio station in Port Moody. CKPM broadcasts with an ERP of 1000 watts with an HAAT of -155.1m. The station broadcasts an adult album alternative format.
In November 2008, controversy arose regarding a proposal on the station's new physical location. Port Moody city council voted 4-3 in favour of allowing CKPM to operate out of the city’s recreation centre but several residents spoke against the proposal during the hearing, and the station is reconsidering its options as to where to locate in the Tri-Cities.
The launch of the station was delayed several times. In October 2011, Matthew McBride stated CKPM would be on air for the local civic elections in November 2011. On 23 April 2012, McBride received permission to change the technical parameters of the station by relocating the transmitter site, increasing the average effective radiated power from 470 to 540 watts, and by increasing the effective height of the antenna above average terrain from -193.2 metres to -155.1 metres.
On 6 November 2012, CKPM-FM began its CRTC mandated transmitter tests and the station officially launched at 6:00 AM on 26 December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19624920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624920" title="Johan Kankkonen">
Johan Kankkonen

Johan Werner Kankkonen (11 July 1886 – 3 February 1955) was a Finnish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kokkola and died in Ylivieska.
In 1912 he was a member of the Finnish cycling team which finished fifth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 34th.

</doc>
<doc id="19624930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624930" title="CHHR-FM">
CHHR-FM

CHHR-FM (104.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and serving the Metro Vancouver area. The station is owned and operated by Astral Media, and currently broadcasts an adult album alternative music format as "Shore 104.3."
CHHR-FM was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission on May 30, 2008. The station started test transmissions at 104.1 MHz on June 1, 2009, and officially commenced broadcasting on July 1, 2009, under the ownership of Shore Media Group. On January 14, 2010, CHHR changed frequency to 104.3 MHz in a swap with Bellingham, Washington's KAFE, a move to reduce interference between KAFE and Covington, Washington-based KMCQ (104.5 FM).
In 2011, Astral Media proposed the takeover of CHHR from Shore Media Group, a proposal initially rejected by the CRTC. Astral would try again and announced a new planned purchase of CHHR on December 19, 2011, with a purchase price of $13.4 million. Astral's purchase was completed in February 2012. Since Astral's takeover, the dismissal of CHHR's on-air staff and reservation of web domain names have led to speculation that the station will change formats. As of February 2012, the CHHR website displays only a message stating that "We’re making changes to make Shore FM a better radio station. We appreciate your patience. For now, we’re playing even more of your favourite Shore music..." along with an invitation for listeners to submit suggestions or ideas.
On March 16, 2012, merely a month after Astral's takeover of CHHR-FM, Astral announced that an agreement was made to merge its assets with Bell Media for $3.38 billion. An early decision by the CRTC on October 18, 2012 denied the merger, but a later decision on March 4, 2013 approved the merger, on condition that Bell sells off various Astral properties, including CHHR-FM.
On April 6, 2012, after two months without jocks, the station updated its logo and slogan from "Music First!" to "Vancouver's Adult Alternative". Astral also announced jocks would return on April 16.
On August 26, 2013, Newcap Radio announced it would acquire CHHR along with four other former Astral Media radio stations held under blind trust by Bell Media for $112 million. The deal is subject to CRTC approval; this would give CHHR-FM its fourth owner (including Bell in the interim) in a two-year period.

</doc>
<doc id="19624945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624945" title="Homann">
Homann

Homann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19624948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624948" title="List of Muhyo &amp; Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation chapters">
List of Muhyo &amp; Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation chapters

This is a list of volumes and chapters that comprise the "Muhyo and Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation" manga series. Written by Yoshiyuki Nishi the series premiered in Japan in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in December 2004, and ran until its conclusion in the March 3, 2008 issue. The individual chapters of the series were collected and published in 18 "tankōbon" volumes by Shueisha. The plot focuses on a young genius Magical Law Executor, Toru Muhyo, and his assistant, Jiro Kusano, as they track and find ghosts, then send the spirits to heaven or hell depending on the account of their lives in his magical law book.
The series is licensed for an English language release in North America by Viz Media, which released the first volume of the series in October 2007 under its "Shonen Jump" manga line.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19624952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624952" title="Hjalmar Väre">
Hjalmar Väre

Frans Albert Hjalmar Väre (22 July 1892 – 20 March 1952) was a Finnish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Vihti and died in Turku.
In 1912 he was a member of the Finnish cycling team which finished fifth in the team time trial event. In the individual time trial competition he finished 66th.

</doc>
<doc id="19624954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624954" title="William Mounsey (Royal Navy officer)">
William Mounsey (Royal Navy officer)

William Mounsey CB (1766 – 25 September 1830) was a British officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary, the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars, rising to the rank of Captain.
Family and early life.
Mounsey was born in 1766, as the fifth son of George Mounsey, of Carlisle. He joined the navy on 23 February 1780, at the age of 13, becoming a midshipman aboard , under Captain Sir Digby Dent, who would become Mounsey's patron. The "Royal Oak" was sent to the North American Station in May to reinforce Vice-admiral Mariot Arbuthnot's fleet. During the voyage Mounsey took part in the capture of a French East Indiaman. They reached their destination on 13 July, after which Arbuthnot raised his flag aboard the "Royal Oak", whilst Dent and Mounsey moved aboard . The "Raisonnable" then returned home with despatches, but the ship was so badly damaged by a gale whilst crossing the Atlantic, that she was paid off on her arrival for large-scale repairs. Dent and Mounsey transferred again, this time to , initially under Vice-Admiral George Darby, but later being detached to land stores at Gibraltar in April 1781.
Dent and Mounsey were transferred again at the end of the year, this time to the third rate . Dent retired about this time due to ill-health, with Captain William Allen. Mounsey and the "Cumberland" sailed to the East Indies on 6 February 1782, joining the squadron there under Sir Richard Bickerton. They were in time to see action at the Battle of Cuddalore, between Sir Edward Hughes and the Bailli de Suffren. "Cumberland" had two killed and 11 wounded in the battle, fought on 20 June 1783. Mounsey returned to England in May 1784, becoming midshipman aboard the sloop . He passed his lieutenant's examination on 3 December 1788, and went on to serve aboard , , and .
Lieutenancy and promotions.
With the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars, Mounsey returned to HMS "Victory", then under Admiral Lord Hood. He was promoted to lieutenant on 22 May 1793, and appointed to , under Robert Manners-Sutton, and then to the frigate . He was present at the occupation of Toulon, and at numerous assaults during the capture of Corsica. Whilst blockading Bastia, he led a dangerous attempt to cut-out a vessel laden with gunpowder, lying the harbour. Mounsey was successful, and the loss of the ship accelerate the fall of the city. He returned to Britain aboard , and was afterwards appointed to , , HMS "Duke", and in succession. On 6 July 1801 he led the boats from "Clyde" and her escorts to destroy the beached wreck of , coming under heavy fire as they did so. Mounsey remained aboard HMS "Clyde" until being promoted to commander on 29 April 1802. He took command of the sloop HMS "Rosario" on 17 May 1802. During his time aboard her he was tasked with carrying despatches, reconnoitring enemy positions, escorting convoys and conducting revenue duties. Also during this period he captured a number of enemy merchants, as well as a 22-gun privateer.
HMS "Bonne Citoyenne" and the "Furieuse".
He left the "Rosario" in autumn 1808, and on 18 April 1809, he was appointed to the 20-gun . He was sent with despatches for Earl St Vincent then at Lisbon. He returned to England after completing this, and on 18 June sailed from Spithead in company with . The two were acting as escorts for a convoy bound for Quebec. Whilst travelling with the convoy on 2 July, a suspicious sail was sighted astern, and Mounsey dropped back to investigate. In doing so he lost sight of the convoy and in sailing to rejoin them, came across a French frigate on 5 July, which was in the process of capturing an English merchant. Despite the much larger size of the frigate, Mounsey immediately gave chase, at which the French ship fled northwards. After a chase lasting 18 hours the "Bonne Citoyenne" caught up with the French ship on the morning of 6 July and brought her to battle. The subsequent engagement lasted seven hours, with "Bonne Citoyenne" at an disadvantage early on, when three of her guns were dismounted. She nevertheless fired 129 broadsides to the enemy's 70. By the end of the battle "Bonne Citoyenne" had lost her top masts, her lower masts were badly damaged, and her rigging, sails and boats had been shot to pieces. Running out of powder Mounsey decided to force the issue and ordered his men to be prepared to board the French ship. Before he could do so, the French surrendered and Mounsey took possession.
The enemy ship was discovered to be the "Furieuse", which had sailed from the Îles des Saintes on 1 April, carrying sugar and coffee to France. She was capable of carrying 48 guns, but was only carrying 20 at the time. Despite this she had a much larger crew, with 200 sailors, 40 soldiers, and a detachment of troops from the 60th regiment of the line. She had suffered heavy damage, with her masts shot away, five feet of water in the hold and 35 killed and 37 wounded. In contrast, "Bonne Citoyenne" had just one man killed and five wounded. The frigate was patched up and towed into Halifax, where both were repaired. The captured frigate was later commissioned into the Royal Navy as , whilst the "Bonne Citoyenne" returned to England in September.
The capture of the "Furieuse" was hailed as a great victory. Henry Phipps, First Lord of the Admiralty wrote to Mounsey Sir, - I did not fail this day, to lay before his Majesty the particulars of your conduct in the attack and capture of the Furieuse, French frigate, on 6 July. The enterprising gallantry with which you approached and attack a ship bearing such an appearance of a commanding superiority of force, and the skill, courage, and perseverance manifested by you, and the officers, seamen, and marines under your command, during an action of such long continuance, and so warmly contested, have received his Majesty's fullest approbation...
A round of promotions followed the victory, the first lieutenant was promoted to commander and Mounsey was promoted to post captain. He was offered command of the "Furieuse", once she had been repaired, which he accepted, taking command on her commissioning in November 1811.
Command of the "Furieuse".
Mounsey and the "Furieuse" were initially employed in escorting a convoy to the Mediterranean, after which she joined the fleet blockading Toulon under Admiral Edward Pellew. The French fleet sailed out in May 1812, consisting of 12 sail of the line and seven frigates, of which one ship of the line and two frigates began to chase the British inshore squadron, consisting of the "Furieuse", and the frigates and , and the brig . The French gave up the chase when the British made clear their intention to fight.
On 9 November 1812 Mounsey captured the French privateer "Nebrophonus", and on 10 January 1813 captured the privateer "Argus". In February 1813 Mounsey supported Charles John Napier in in the capture of the island of Ponza. They landed troops on 26 February, under fire from shore batteries, which soon subdued resistance. The capture of the harbour eliminated an infamous corsair haven, and provided an anchorage for Royal Navy ships watching Naples. On 7 May boats from "Furieuse" captured the French "Conception", towing her out to sea under heavy fire. One man was killed and another five wounded in this operation. On 4 October a convoy was sighted off Civitavecchia. Despite being heavily protected by two gunboats and a number of shore batteries, an operation was attempted. Marines from "Furieuse"′s boats stormed and captured a fort, under cover from "Furieuse"′s guns. The enemy retreated to a nearby castle and continued to fire on the British forces. Nevertheless the British were able to sink the gunboats, and bring out 16 of the merchant ships. The "Furieuse" kept up a steady fire, preventing reinforcements from Civitavecchia from intervening. Two of the British party were killed and 10 wounded in the operation.
For the rest of 1813 "Furieuse" formed part of Admiral Sir Josias Rowley's squadron, and was present at the capture of Via Reggio, and the unsuccessful assault on Livorno in December. In early March 1814, still with Rowley, "Furieuse" assisted in the occupation of La Spezia and the surrounding areas. On 17 April a squadron consisting of "Furieuse", , , and supported the successful assault on Genoa. The end of the War of the Sixth Coalition in 1814 led to "Furieuse" transferring to the Caribbean, where she escorted transports. She conveyed the 62nd regiment to Halifax, and with the end of the War of 1812, remained in the area to support the troops.
HMS "Furieuse" was paid off in autumn 1815 and was sold for breaking up in October 1816 at Deptford. Mounsey was nominated a Companion of the Order of the Bath in June 1815, and also received the Naval Gold Medal for the capture of the "Furieuse". With the end of the wars with France he retired from active service, and died on 25 September 1830 at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19624959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624959" title="MIFC">
MIFC

MIFC is an acronym and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19624987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624987" title="Burkittsville Historic District">
Burkittsville Historic District

The Burkittsville Historic District comprises the small town of Burkittsville, Maryland. Located at a crossroads in western Frederick County, the town is a consistent collection of early 19th-century Federal style houses mixed with a few Victorian style houses that has remained virtually unchanged since 1900. The town is surrounded on three sides by an open, farmed landscape, and nestles against South Mountain on its western side.
The town was involved in a number of Civil War actions, including the Battle of Crampton's Gap in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="19624999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19624999" title="Grade I listed buildings in Wiltshire">
Grade I listed buildings in Wiltshire

In the United Kingdom, the process of designating a building as meriting protection for its historic significance is known as 'listing'. At present, there is a parallel system for ancient monuments, known as 'scheduling', which means that there is not a consistent approach to sites like castles, abbeys and henges which can be listed, scheduled or both. Should the draft Heritage Protection Bill become law, the systems will be merged into a single Register of Historic Buildings and Sites of England, which will also subsume various other existing registers. In England, the listing is administered by English Heritage, an agency of the government's Department for Culture, Media & Sport — under the new legislation they will become officially responsible for the designation.
Buildings of outstanding architectural or historic interest are listed at Grade I — of the approximately 372,905 listed buildings in England, over 9,000 (2.5%) are Grade I. Estimates to the numbers of buildings do, however, vary given that listings are for what are structurally separate buildings: therefore a street of houses can be listed as one building, but a church wall can be listed separately from the church. Some buildings are listed for group value.
This list is of the nearly 300 Grade I listed buildings in the ceremonial county of Wiltshire, by former district. There is a characteristically large contribution from Church of England (Anglican) parish churches, and several great English country houses are included with some of their landscaping features. Several barns are included and Crofton Pumping Station is associated with water supply.

</doc>
<doc id="19625001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625001" title="Shirreff Base">
Shirreff Base

Shirreff Base is a seasonal field station in the South Atlantic operated by Chile and the United States of America (USA) opened in 1991. Situated on the east side of Cape Shirreff on Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands off the Antarctic peninsula.
Location.
The base is located at which is 1.58 km southeast of Cape Shirreff and 3.32 km west-northwest of Black Point (detailed Chilean mapping in 2004. Bulgarian mapping in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19625014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625014" title="John Wright (musician)">
John Wright (musician)

John Wright (sometimes known as Mr. Right - born 1962 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian musician and songwriter. He is best known as the drummer, keyboardist, occasional vocalist and co-songwriter in the progressive punk rock/punk jazz band NoMeansNo, as well as the lead singer and co-songwriter of the pop-punk group The Hanson Brothers. Both groups also feature Wright's older brother Rob and guitarist Tom Holliston. He has also performed in noted Canadian punk groups D.O.A., the Showbusiness Giants, and the Infamous Scientists.
Wright's distinct style of drumming utilizes traditional grip, an uncommon method for hard rock drummers, and fuses jazz, rock and punk techniques. His playing has been cited as an influence by several noted drummers, including Dave Grohl of Nirvana and the Foo Fighters.
An avid homebrewer of beer, he has filmed and released an instructional video detailing his recommended brewing process. This video is currently available on DVD packaged with the live Hanson Brothers record "It's A Living". 
Wright is the father of two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19625055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625055" title="1981 Peach Bowl (December)">
1981 Peach Bowl (December)

The 1981 Peach Bowl was a post-season college football bowl game between the West Virginia Mountaineers and the Florida Gators. The game took place on December 31, 1981, resulting in a West Virginia win over Florida 26-6. The offensive MVP was Mickey Walczack of West Virginia and the defensive MVP was West Virginia's Don Stemple.
Florida coach Charlie Pell was so disappointed by his team's performance that he burned the game film and buried it in the Gators' practice field.

</doc>
<doc id="19625072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625072" title="Sandridge, Wiltshire">
Sandridge, Wiltshire

Sandridge is a community to the East of Melksham, belonging to the civil parish of Melksham Without.

</doc>
<doc id="19625075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625075" title="John Pollexfen">
John Pollexfen

His Worship John Pollexfen, JP (1636–1715) was a British merchant and political economist. He was the second son of Andrew Pollexfen of Stancombe Dawney in Sherford, Devon, and the younger brother of Henry Pollexfen, who inherited the family estates, leading to strained relations between the brothers. John's early career as a merchant began with trading in wines from the Iberian Peninsula, leading to a summons to the Treasury on 28 March 1677 to report on Portuguese wines. In the same year he bought Walbrooke House, in the parish of St Stephen Walbrook, and in 1686 he purchased the manor of Wembury. In 1675 he served on the Committee on Trade and Plantations, followed by an appointment in 1678 to the Privy Chamber in 1678, which he held until 1685; he was again appointed in 1690, and remained until 1702. He was appointed to the Commission for Preventing the Export of Wool in 1689, resigning in 1692.
He was returned to parliament for Plympton Erle in October 1679, and again for the parliaments of 1681, 1689 and 1690. He was active on various economic affairs committees, helping pass the Tobacco Act and renew the charter of the East India Company. He was made a Justice of the Peace for Devon in 1689 and an honorary trustee of the National Land Bank. His most significant appointment was as a member of the Board of Trade between 1696 until 23 April 1709. While there he participated in the recoinage debate, produced a report on the judicial system of Barbados and advocated a unified military command for the American colonies. In 1677 he served on a special commission of the East India Company, accusing the directors of monopolising the trade through jobbery and refusing to issue new stock, and also condemned the export of gold bullion, which he saw as suppressing domestic production and employment. As a result he lobbied the House of Commons in 1689 to establish a new, national company, and presented written and oral testimony to the House of Lords in 1696 showing the harmful effects of importing Indian-manufactured goods and exporting bullion. In response the Lords and Commons opened up the trade lanes to India, establishing a well-regulated company to manage this.
As a by-product of his public career Pollexfen published a series of political and economic essays. After Charles Davenant published his "An Essay on the East India Trade" in 1697, Pollexfen responded with his essay "England and East India Inconsistent in their Manufactures", and also published "A Discourse of Trade and Coyn" dated 15 July 1696, an extended version of which was republished to counter William Lowndes proposal of recoinage. In 1699 he published "A Vindication of some Assertions Relating to Coin and Trade", and a year later republished "of Trade". He died shortly before 15 February 1715, when he was buried at St Stephen Walbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="19625080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625080" title="USS Barnegat (AVP-10)">
USS Barnegat (AVP-10)

The second USS "Barnegat" (AVP-10), in commission from 1941 to 1946, was the lead ship of her class of small seaplane tenders built for the United States Navy just before and during World War II. She was the second U.S. Navy ship to bear that name.
Early career.
"Barnegat" was laid down on 27 October 1939 at Bremerton, Washington, by the Puget Sound Navy Yard and launched on 23 May 1941, sponsored by Mrs. Lucien F. Kimball. "Barnegat" was commissioned on 3 July 1941 with Commander Felix L. Baker in command.
For the next three months, "Barnegat" remained at Puget Sound, conducting sea trials and testing equipment, such as her large aircraft handling crane. The “years of operation of patrol planes in the Fleet and the increasingly important role played by these planes” had also shown that the "Lapwing"-class converted minesweepers fell “far short of the characteristics needed” for mobile tenders to operate patrol planes “where shore facilities were not available.” This meant specifications that included a draft that would “permit entrance into the greater number of small harbors which might be suitable for seaplane anchorages,” the ability to tend a 12-plane patrol squadron, high maneuverability, and the ability to contribute to her own defense.
Her trials completed by mid-October 1941, "Barnegat" stood out of Seattle, Washington, on 15 October 1941 and, later that afternoon, retrieved her assigned aircraft, a Curtiss SOC-1 Seagull floatplane, from Naval Air Station Seattle. On 16 October 1941, "Barnegat" proceeded south and reached the Mare Island Navy Yard in Vallejo, California, on 19 October 1941. There, she loaded ammunition before sailing for the United States East Coast on 22 October 1941. "Barnegat" called at Acapulco, Mexico, from 27 October 1941 to 29 October 1941 and then sailed for Panama, transiting the Panama Canal on 2 November 1941. After pausing briefly at Hampton Roads, Virginia, en route, she reached the Boston Navy Yard at Boston, Massachusetts, on 12 November 1941. More tests and trials kept "Barnegat" busy in the local operating area into the early spring of 1942. By then, the United States had entered World War II as a full partner in the Allied cause.
World War II.
North Atlantic operations May–November 1942.
Underway from the Boston Navy Yard on 1 May 1942, "Barnegat" transited the Cape Cod Canal later that day, anchoring for the evening in Buzzard’s Bay on the Massachusetts coast. From there, she sailed to Newport, Rhode Island, and moored at the Naval Torpedo Station Newport at Newport on the morning of 2 May 1942 to take on a dozen Mark XIII aerial torpedoes before she headed on to Naval Air Station, Quonset Point, Rhode Island, where she loaded equipment and stores for Patrol Squadron 73 (VP-73). on 4 May 1942, "Barnegat" embarked the squadron’s five officers and 117 enlisted men and put to sea that afternoon, bound for Iceland. Along the way, she escorted the steamer SS "Cherokee" to the Sambro Lightship and there turned over her charge to a Royal Canadian Navy escort. "Barnegat" stopped at Argentia, Newfoundland, from 7 May 1942 to 9 May 1942, and then resumed her voyage to Iceland. She arrived in Reykjavík, Iceland, late on 13 May 1942. On 14 May 1942, she moored alongside seaplane tender and unloaded VP-73’s gear. On 16 May 1942, "Barnegat" arrived at the Fleet Air Base at Skagafjörður, Iceland, her base of operations for most of the next three months.
There she provided not only tender services but salvage and logistic support as well. Between 20 June 1942 and 22 June 1942, she recovered gear from a Consolidated PBY-5A Catalina which had been shot down at Kossandr Beach by “friendly fire” from ships in Convoy UR 29. After an interruption to locate and salvage a barge and its valuable cargo of gasoline, she completed the task on 24 June 1942. While based at Skagafjörður, "Barnegat" also transferred aviation gasoline from tankers to a variety of ships, from Skagafjörður to Hvalfjordur, Iceland, supplying heavy cruisers and , battleship , and British aircraft carrier in that fashion. She also supplied diesel fuel to the destroyer tender . Later, on 14 August 1942, she got underway from Skagafjörður to salvage a German Focke Wulf Fw 200 Condor reconnaissance plane that had been shot down by a United States Army fighter from Gaetta Light. At the scene, "Barnegat" recovered some flotsam before returning to her moorings. On 5 September 1942, "Barnegat"s tour in Icelandic waters took on a more Allied flavor as she sailed for three weeks of duty servicing Norwegian Northrop N3PB twin-float seaplane patrol bombers of the Royal Norwegian Naval Air Force's No. 330 Squadron based at Akureyri, Iceland, support evolutions aided by a Norwegian-speaking member of the Ship's company who served as interpreter.
On 24 October 1942, "Barnegat" received orders to transport VP-73 to Derry, Northern Ireland. During the passage, "Barnegat" encountered heavy seas and, at 15:41 hours on 26 October 1942, took a “rapid, heavy roll to starboard” while efforts were underway topside to secure depth charges that had come adrift on deck. A torrent of water cascaded across the fantail and swept Ensign George V. Grabosky and two sailors over the side. "Barnegat" herself had to try to recover her drifting men, since the stiff gale precluded the lowering of a boat. Men on board worked lifelines and tended knotted lines, grapnels, and lifebuoys, as she struggled against the elements to maintain proper position for a rescue. The two enlisted men finally were recovered, but Ensign Grabosky was not found. On 27 October 1942, "Barnegat" arrived at Lissahally, Ireland, where found another set of sailing orders waiting: She was to participate in Operation Torch, the Allied landings in French North Africa. She got underway again on 29 October 1942 and steamed with British Convoy WS 24 until rendezvousing with Task Force (TF) 34 and Convoy UGF 1.
North African operations November–December 1942.
Early on 7 November 1942, "Barnegat" joined the task force, took her assigned station in Task Group (TG) 34.8 (the Northern Attack Group), and arrived off Mehedia, French Morocco, that same evening. Assigned to antisubmarine patrol and escort, "Barnegat" took up station inshore of six transports and two cargo ships whose assault troops were already in the boats. At 06:00 hours, nearby destroyers began bombarding their assigned targets to cover the passage of the troops to the beach. Vichy French batteries returned fire within 10 minutes but, later, shifted their aim to the transports, forcing them to move out to sea. At 07:40 hours, soon after the French guns opened fire, "Barnegat"s guns silenced one of them with 11 rounds. That work done, "Barnegat" retired seaward to resume screening and antisubmarine duty.
On 9 November 1942, "Barnegat" received orders to ascend the Wadi Sebou to establish an air base at Port Lyautey, French Morocco. On 10 November 1942, destroyer led steamer SS "Contessa" up the Wadi Sebou to Port Lyautey, where U.S. Army troops landed and took the nearby airstrip. "Barnegat" followed on 11 November 1942 after she secured a French pilot and reached her destination by late afternoon. On 12 November 1942, she unloaded VP-73's equipment, setting up Port Lyautey Air Station on the southeastern corner of the airfield. She also established a port directorate and a shipping control office. Later that day, "Barnegat" radioed VP-73 that the field was ready, and the first plane arrived from Lyeness, England, at 08:00 hours on 13 November 1942. Within hours, most of VP-73 was in business there, flying their first patrols. "Barnegat" housed and fed VP-73 until the squadron managed to set up a mess ashore, but VP-73 was self-sufficient by 24 November 1942. On 10 December 1942, "Barnegat" got underway to transport a detachment of French native troops to Casablanca. She reached her destination early on 11 December 1942 and disembarked the troops.
North Atlantic operations December 1942–May 1943.
"Barnegat" received orders to proceed to the United States with Convoy GUF 2A, and she headed homeward on 12 December 1942.
Chronic bad weather plagued the convoy, and it fell to "Barnegat" to escort three stragglers from Bermuda to New York City. One of them dropped astern on 20 December 1942 and was not seen again, but "Barnegat" continued on with the steamers SS "Examiner" and SS "Santa Maria". Setting course for the Nantucket Shoals lightship early on 21 December 1942, "Barnegat" pounded heavily in the head seas on the night of 21–22 December 1942, and sprung seams flooded the sound room and some 5-inch (127 mm) magazine spaces. Ignoring the flooded sound room, additional weight forward apparently giving some advantage in heavy seas, her damage control parties pumped out the magazine spaces.
Releasing "Examiner" and "Santa Maria" to a local escort at 23:00 hours on 23 December 1942, "Barnegat" then made for the Boston Navy Yard, arriving on 24 December 1942. She spent the rest of 1942 receiving voyage repairs at South Boston, Massachusetts.
After trials and antisubmarine exercises near Casco Bay, Maine, "Barnegat" sailed on 5 February 1943 for Iceland. Diverted briefly to Argentia on 8 February 1943, she resumed her voyage to Iceland the next morning. Despite cautious steaming through pack ice, she reached Reykjavík on 13 February 1943.
Late in February, "Barnegat" returned to Boston for repairs to her engines, degaussing gear, and radar. After a brief call at Quonset Point, she loaded aviation gasoline for Argentia at Boston on 8 March 1943. Upon completion of this cargo run, she returned to Boston and Quonset Point before she again underwent repairs for her temperamental engines. The operations of January and February continued well into the spring of 1943. The ship transported men and cargo between Boston, Argentia, and Quonset Point. She also served briefly as a target during exercises held off Block Island and escorted the tanker SS "Sabine Sun" from Argentia to Boston late in April 1943.
World War II South Atlantic operations June 1943–May 1944.
After installation of YG homing equipment, QC sonar, and other gear, "Barnegat" left Boston on 31 May 1943. She took part briefly in local exercises, then headed south on 6 June 1943. She reached Norfolk, Virginia, on the morning of 7 June 1943, but on 15 June 1943 cleared the Virginia Capes for Brazil. Steaming via Bermuda, "Barnegat" reached Natal, on Brazil's northeastern coast, on 26 June 1943. Reporting for duty with Fleet Air Wing (FAW) 16, "Barnegat" relieved seaplane tender in servicing Admiral Jonas Ingram's United States Fourth Fleet planes assigned to cover convoys from Brazil to Trinidad. Her arrival coincided with the opening shots of a local German submarine ""blitz"" against coastal shipping; the day before, the German U-boat "U-513" had torpedoed the steamer SS "Venetia".
Underway again on 28 June 1943, "Barnegat" dropped down the Brazilian coast and moored at Recife, Brazil, on the morning of 29 June 1943 to start yet more repairs alongside destroyer tender , an old Iceland comrade. Those repairs done, "Barnegat" made a brief trip north, touching at Natal and Recife before returning south with the tanker SS "Gulfport". Stopping at Bahia, Brazil, on 9 July 1943, the pair continued south and reached Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on 13 July 1943. Her presence there having been dictated by the recent rash of sinkings by U-boats in the region, after taking a load of gasoline from "Gulfport", "Barnegat" departed Rio de Janeiro on 17 July 1943 for Florianópolis, Brazil, less than in a straight-line distance from Rio de Janeiro, as part of the temporary measures to meet the U-boat threat. Two Martin Martin PBM-3C Mariner flying-boat patrol bombers of Patrol Squadron 74 (VP-74) also were sent to Florianapolis. Anchoring on 18 July 1943, "Barnegat" was ready to receive the two planes when they arrived less than four hours later.
Operations commenced on the morning of 19 July 1943. At 07:02 hours, PBM-3C "74-P-5", flown by Lieutenant, junior grade, Roy S. Whitcomb, took off from San Miguel, Florianópolis, on an antisubmarine sweep. The patrol proceeded uneventfully until the radar operator reported a contact at 13:55 hours. As Whitcomb looked at the "sharp blip" on his own radar scope, the second pilot called his attention to something to starboard. Whitcomb recognized the object as a surfaced U-boat and sent his crew to battle stations. Soon, their quarry, "U-513", saw the attacking plane and began to take evasive action. Whitcomb's PBM-3C dropped six depth charges and caught the U-boat in a starboard turn. The U-boat absorbed the full impact of at least two direct hits; two depth charges straddled the submarine and two others struck her deck. Within moments, observers in the Mariner saw "rising boils and brown stain on [the water..." "U-513" was no more.
Seeing 15 to 20 men struggling in the oily water, Whitcomb circled the scene and dropped life belts and two life rafts to the "U-513" survivors, while informing "Barnegat" of the kill. "Barnegat" proceeded swiftly to the scene, arrived there in less than four hours, and began a search. At 19:15 hours, she sighted a life raft with seven men on board and closed to pick them up. The first man came on board at 19:30 hours and the last boarded 20 minutes later. Among them she counted the "U-513"s 28-year-old commanding officer, Kapitänleutnant Friedrich Guggenberger, the ace awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for sinking the British aircraft carrier off Gibraltar in November 1941 as commander of the German submarine "U-81".
The gathering darkness prevented "Barnegat" from locating more survivors, and she finally ceased her efforts shortly after midnight. Although she returned then to San Miguel Bay to resume operations, she had not heard the last of "U-513". At 11:30 hours on 22 July 1943, her other plane, "74-P-7", reported sighting a life raft with survivors on board. Underway shortly after noon, "Barnegat" proceeded to the scene and at 16:45 hours reached two rafts which had been lashed together. These 18 men -- Chief Engineer Harold Van R. Forest of the recently sunk merchant ship "Richard Caswell" along with 11 men of her crew and six members of her Naval Armed Guard detachment—were clinging to the raft. Ironically, "Richard Caswell"—torpedoed on 16 July 1943—had been "U-513"s last victim. "Barnegat" returned to San Miguel Bay at 21:59 hours on 22 July 1943 but remained there only overnight, getting underway early on the morning of 23 July 1943 for Rio de Janeiro. Reaching that port at 11:00 hours on 24 July 1943, she was held incommunicado until her prisoners could be transferred to authorities ashore on the morning of 25 July 1943. Once that happened, "Barnegat" shifted to another berth and disembarked the 18 men from "Richard Caswell".
Over the next few days, "Barnegat" remained at Rio de Janeiro. While she was there, Trinidad-bound Convoy JT 3 departed under mixed air cover of both the U.S. Navy and the Brazilian Air Force. Among the planes so tasked, the PBM-3C that had sunk "U-513" carried out a routine antisubmarine sweep in advance of the convoy when its radar raised a contact. This proved to be "U-199", a Type IXD U-boat on her maiden war patrol and "U-513"s collaborator in the recent campaign against Allied shipping. "U-199" increased speed, and her quartermaster put her helm over to starboard. Confusion reigned below, however, as some of her forward tanks were flooded for an emergency crash dive.
The Mariner attacked at 07:18 hours, and "U-199" opened fire as soon as the seaplane came into range. The Mariners machine guns swept the decks, while the plane straddled "U-199" with a stick of six bombs that showered the submarine with tons of spray. After landing her two remaining bombs close aboard without sinking the submarine, the plane radioed for assistance. Though badly shaken, "U-199" tried to repair her damage and clear the area, but she could not evade her pursuers. A Brazilian Lockheed Hudson bomber responded to the Mariners call for help and attacked, followed shortly by a Brazilian PBY Catalina, which administered the "coup de grace".
Informed at 09:58 hours that the U-boat had been sunk, "Barnegat" hurried to the scene led by another PBM Mariner. She spotted life rafts at 11:38 hours and, by shortly after noon, had picked up five officers and seven enlisted men, among them "U-199"s commanding officer, 28 year-old Kapitänleutnant Hans Werner Kraus, also a decorated U-boat commander and former executive officer to the U-boat ace Gunther Prien. In the post mortem on the attack, VP-74's commanding officer, Commander Joseph P. Toth, singled out "Barnegat", for her “usual good performance...in recovering the survivors” of the sunken U-boat. Once again, "Barnegat" anchored in the harbor at Rio de Janeiro with her prisoners-of-war held incommunicado until they could be taken ashore. Between 05:20 and 05:40 hours, "U-199"s men disembarked under heavy guard, en route to the airport and a speedy trip to the United States for a thorough interrogation.
"Barnegat" remained in Brazilian waters into the spring of 1944, operating at Bahia, Recife, Natal, Fortaleza, Fernando de Noronha, Sao Luiz, and Florianópolis. As before, she hauled freight, transported men and gear, and tended patrol planes of Fleet Air Wing 16 (FAW-16). Her only time out of Brazilian waters came when she briefly conducted tending operations at Montevideo, Uruguay, from 13 March 1944 to 16 March 1944. Another break in her routine came on 29 November 1943 and 30 November 1943, when she patrolled off the entrance to the harbor at Bahia to cover the arrival of a task group formed around battleship during "Iowa"s return at the conclusion of her part in transporting President Franklin D. Roosevelt to the Teheran Conference.
North Atlantic operations May 1944–January 1945.
"Barnegat" wrapped up her work in Brazilian waters, at Sao Luiz, on 12 May 1944 and departed for the United States that afternoon. Steaming via Bermuda and Norfolk, she arrived at Boston on 24 May 1944. Following voyage repairs and alterations at the Boston Navy Yard, she sailed to Norfolk in early July 1944 and then made passenger and freight voyages to Bahia Praia and Horta, Azores, and to Casablanca, before returning to Norfolk on 16 August 1944. On 7 September 1944, "Barnegat" departed Norfolk and proceeded to Eastern Bay, in Maryland at the mouth of the Patuxent River, where she laid out a seaplane operating area, placing mooring buoys and seadrome lights to prepare for training operations with Patrol Wing 5 (VP-5). She worked with these aircraft over the next two weeks and returned to Norfolk on 23 September 1944.
Returning to transport duties soon thereafter, she again sailed for the Azores and Morocco on a voyage that also took her to Bristol, England, late in October 1944. She returned to Norfolk on the morning of 9 November 1944 and spent the remainder of that month and the first half of December 1944 at the Norfolk Navy Yard in Portsmouth, Virginia, undergoing repairs. Underway on 14 December 1944, "Barnegat" reached Bermuda on 16 December 1944 and occupied the next few days training with Patrol Bombing Squadron 107 (VPB-107) and Patrol Bombing Squadron 125 (VPB-215) of Fleet Air Wing 9 (FAW-9) in practice fuelings, rearmings, and general servicing. Then she got underway on 29 December 1944 in company with destroyer to return to Norfolk, and reached Norfolk on 31 December 1944. She then spent a month getting repairs to hull damage suffered at Bermuda.
Pacific operations February 1945–August 1945.
"Barnegat" departed for the Canal Zone on 5 February 1945. She arrived at Coco Solo, Panama, early on 11 February 1945 and relieved seaplane tender . For the next few months, "Barnegat" served in constant "ready duty" status, prepared to get underway, often within an hour. Her Central American service comprised tending patrol planes and transport duty. She supported the advanced naval air base at Baltra Island in the Galapagos Islands, making several trips there from the Canal Zone and remaining at such picturesque spots as Aeolian Cove and Tagus Cove on Isabella Island, tending Patrol Bombing Squadron 74 (VPB-74) aircraft. She also visited Bahia Honda, Colombia, and Limon Bay, Panama. 
"Barnegat" established an independent air base at Tagus Cove, enabling the patrol bombers to extend their coverage farther off the coast of South America than previously possible. There, she provided fuel for the planes, deployed lighted mooring buoys, billeted and fed the crews, provided bombs and bomb-loading crews, kept crash and fueling boats in the water at all times to fulfill all of the squadron’s needs. Occasionally, "Barnegat" also carried out salvage and rescue operations out of Coco Solo, participating in a search for a lost Grumman F6F Hellcat fighter pilot in March 1945 and assisting some downed PBM Mariners in June 1945.
Postwar career.
The end of hostilities with Germany in early May 1945 and with Japan in mid-August 1945 altered neither the tempo nor the scope of "Barnegat"s operations, for she remained busy at Coco Solo into September 1945, making only one brief visit to the United States—at Miami, Florida—between 18 September 1945 and 22 September 1945.
After returning to Coco Solo on 26 September 1945, "Barnegat" operated there into October 1945, sinking discarded PBM Mariner hulls at sea with gunfire on 6 October 1945 and 15 October 1945. She then transited the Panama Canal on 19 October 1945, en route to Baltra Island, arriving there early on 22 October 1945. "Barnegat" carried out practice operations with Patrol Bombing Squadron 201 (VPB-201) at Tagus Cove until 31 October 1945, when Patrol Bombing Squadron 204 (VPB-204) arrived for training. Shifting to Aeolian Cove on 8 November 1945, "Barnegat" sailed for the Canal Zone the next day. She transited the Panama Canal on 14 November 1945, returning soon thereafter to Coco Solo to dispose of more junked PBM Mariner hulls by gunfire between 19 November 1945 and 26 November 1945.
Relieved by seaplane tender , "Barnegat" set course for the United States on 11 December 1945 and reached the Naval Repair Base, Algiers, Louisiana, on 15 December 1945. Shifting on 17 December 1945 to a berth alongside destroyer escort , "Barnegat" spent the remainder of 1945 there. In January 1946, she moved on to Orange, Texas, arriving there on 14 January 1946.
Decommissioning and disposal.
Decommissioned on 17 May 1946, "Barnegat" saw no more active service. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 23 May 1958. She was transferred to the Maritime Administration for disposal.
Commercial service.
The Maritime Administration sold "Barnegat" in 1962 to the Greek cruise ship line Kavounides Shipping Co., Ltd. Renamed MV "Kentavros" she operated on cruises out of Piraeus, Greece. Finally, she was scrapped at Eleusis, Greece, in 1986
Awards.
"Barnegat" received one battle star for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="19625112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625112" title="Vieux Carre Property Owners, Residents and Associates – VCPORA">
Vieux Carre Property Owners, Residents and Associates – VCPORA

Vieux Carré Property Owners, Residents, and Associates ( VCPORA ), organized in the 1920s, is a pioneer organization in the historic preservation movement that grew out of several grass roots efforts to protect the 200 year old Vieux Carré from decay and demolition. In 1936 the Louisiana state legislature passed a constitutional amendment authorizing the historic preservation of the Vieux Carré. Two years later on June 8, 1938 the neighborhood organization incorporated as a non-profit dedicated to the preservation, restoration, beautification and general betterment of the Vieux Carré.
The Vieux Carré is commonly known as the New Orleans, Louisiana's French Quarter district and is the site of the French Colony established in 1718. 
VCPORA's affiliate memberships include the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Louisiana Landmarks Society, and the Preservation Resource Center of New Orleans 

</doc>
<doc id="19625113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625113" title="Chris Turner (American football)">
Chris Turner (American football)

Chris Turner (born 1987) is an American football quarterback. He played quarterback for the Maryland Terrapins at the University of Maryland from 2007 to 2009. Turner began his career at Maryland as a redshirt in 2005 and then served as a reserve quarterback before he earned the starting position.
After a redshirt season in 2005, Turner saw no playing time as the third-string quarterback the following year. In 2007, he replaced the injured starter during the game against 10th-ranked Rutgers and led the Terrapins to an upset victory. After that, he remained as the team's leader for the remainder of the season, and against eighth-ranked Boston College, engineered another upset victory. Turner also helped Maryland secure an appearance in the Emerald Bowl. At the start of the 2008 season, he was relegated to backup status, but soon regained the starting position. That year, he led Maryland in wins over four of their five ranked opponents and to an appearance in the Humanitarian Bowl. He returned as the starter for the 2009 season, but suffered a knee injury and was replaced by Jamarr Robinson.
Early years.
Turner was born on September 8, 1987 in Simi Valley, California to parents John and Grace Turner. His father was the original drummer of the hair-metal band Ratt. Chris Turner attended high school at the Chaminade College Preparatory School, where he was a three-year letterwinner and starting quarterback in football and pitcher in baseball. As a sophomore, he was on the junior varsity football team until midseason when the varsity quarterback suffered an injury against Valencia High School, a regional powerhouse. Turner described the incident as the last time that he was nervous during a game and said, "It got pretty ugly to be honest. Ever since then, I've always thought to myself, 'It can't get worse than that.'"
At Chaminade, he led a pass-oriented offense and, during his senior year, accumulated 139 completions on 265 attempts, 2,047 yards, 16 touchdowns, and 11 interceptions. He was named to the All-California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) second team as a senior and the All-Mission League team as both a junior and senior. SuperPrep picked him as a Far West all-region selection and PrepStar as an all-region selection. Turner was assessed as a Rivals.com three-star and Scout.com two-star recruit. He received scholarship offers from Boise State, Illinois, Louisville, Maryland, Oregon, Utah, and UTEP. Maryland offered him after another Californian recruit, Josh Portis, chose Florida instead—although Portis later transferred to Maryland and served as a backup alongside Turner. Turner ultimately chose Maryland, which is located just outside of Washington, D.C., partly due to his interest in politics.
College career.
Experience.
Turner sat out his true freshman year during the 2005 season on redshirt status. In 2006, he served as the third-team quarterback behind starter Sam Hollenbach and reserve Jordan Steffy, but Turner saw no playing time during that season.
2007 season.
In 2007, as the second-string quarterback, he saw his first action against when he was substituted for injured starter Jordan Steffy. Turner executed a scoring drive and completed four of six passes, but also threw two interceptions. He sat out the next two games and then took one snap against Wake Forest. When the unranked Terps faced 10th-ranked Rutgers, Steffy suffered a concussion and Turner again filled in. He led drives for two touchdowns and two field goals in an upset of the Scarlet Knights, 34–24. About the then relatively unknown Turner, Rutgers head coach Greg Schiano said, "I wish I would have seen this guy before." Turner started for the remaining eight games of the season. In his career-first start, he passed for 255 yards in a win against Georgia Tech, 28–26. In the game, he threw a 78-yard touchdown pass, which was caught by tight end Jason Goode rather than his intended receiver, Darrius Heyward-Bey. After a three-game losing streak, Turner led another upset win over a top-ten team, this time against eighth-ranked Boston College, 42–35. In the 24–16 loss to Florida State, Turner had his worst performance of the season. Late in the second quarter, he was benched and replaced by Steffy for two possessions. Turner said, "I didn't know that my leash was that short in the first place, to be honest. I didn't think it would come to this. I guess I should have." After an uneven performance by Steffy, Turner played the entire second half and showed improvement. The following week Maryland played their regular season finale against NC State and both teams needed an additional win to attain bowl eligibility. Maryland led in the second quarter, 3–0, but was struggling offensively. Turner, a generally immobile pocket quarterback, invigorated the offense when he executed a 41-yard option run for a first down. He completed 19 of 24 passes for 206 yards and led a shutout of NC State, 37–0. With the sixth win, Maryland was invited to the Emerald Bowl, where they were beaten by Oregon State, 21–14. Turner finished the season as the third-most efficient passer in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
2008 season.
In 2008, Maryland hired a new offensive coordinator, James Franklin, who installed a West Coast offense. That season started with some controversy when head coach Ralph Friedgen initially selected senior Jordan Steffy as the starting quarterback. Turner considered returning home with a transfer to a Californian school, but ultimately decided against it. When Steffy was injured again in the season-opener against Delaware, Turner was awarded the starting job for the rest of the season. After Maryland defeated 21st-ranked Wake Forest, 26–0, Turner was voted the ACC Player of the Week and ESPN named him an "On the Mark" quarterback. Against 16th-ranked North Carolina, Turner's split-second decision to hold onto the ball for a nine-yard run on fourth down and five put the team within range for the game-winning field goal, 17–15. For that, he was nominated for the week's Pontiac Game Changing Performance. The win improved Maryland's record to 7–3 and reasserted control over their ACC championship destiny, although they lost the next game against Florida State, 37–3, which ended the Terrapins' title hopes. The following week against Boston College, Turner set career highs with 33 completions, 57 attempts, and 360 passing yards, but the effort fell short and Maryland lost, 28–21. In the postseason, the Terrapins played Nevada in the Humanitarian Bowl where Turner threw for 198 yards, one interception, two touchdowns including a 59-yard long, and a two-point conversion. At the end of the season, Maryland had beaten four out of their five Top 25-ranked opponents, a feat that was surpassed only by the teams in the BCS Championship Game: Florida and Oklahoma.
2009 season.
Fifth-year senior Turner entered the 2009 season as the uncontested starter at quarterback for the first time in his career. He was backed-up by sophomore Jamarr Robinson and true freshmen C. J. Brown and Danny O'Brien. Turner's seniority was called critical for the performance of the team's relatively youthful offensive line. Head coach Friedgen said, "If I had to choose between a veteran offensive line and an inexperienced quarterback, or an inexperienced line with a veteran quarterback, I think I'd go with the veteran quarterback." Upon the conclusion of preseason camp, the coaching staff praised his progress, particularly his game-planning, for which he had been criticized in the past. Turner said, "Mentally, I am way further ahead than where I was last year." Physically, he dropped 16 pounds by adding muscle and losing body fat, and weighed 220 pounds before the start of the season. Offensive coordinator Franklin said, "You look at him, he was kind of mushy last year. You look at him now and he's muscular and shaped. He looks more athletic."
Before the season, Turner was added to the watch list for the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award, an annual honor bestowed upon the nation's top senior quarterback. At that time, he ranked as the school's fourth all-time quarterback in terms of completion percentage, fifth in completions, seventh in total offensive yards, and he is tied for 11th in number of touchdown passes. In June 2009, Turner stated that he wanted to leave a "legacy" at Maryland in his final season. He also expressed a desire to pursue a professional playing career in the National Football League (NFL) if possible. The NFL Draft Scout assessed Turner as the 16th-ranked quarterback out of the 135 available for the 2010 NFL Draft and projected him as a potential seventh-round selection.
Playing style and personality.
Prior to his senior year, Jeff Barker of "The Baltimore Sun" noted that Turner's strengths were "poise, smarts, toughness," while he had room for improvement in arm strength and mobility. Barker said, "He's a bit streaky—he calls himself a 'rhythm' passer ... But he doesn't quit when things go poorly. His coolness can be mistaken for apathy." Turner typically confines himself to the pocket, as his ability to run the ball himself is limited by his speed. He has made light of his own lack of quickness by saying that he runs a "flat 5.0"-second 40-yard dash. The CBS Sports-affiliated NFL Draft Scout records his actual time as ranging from a low of 4.89 to a high of 5.16 seconds, while Scout.com reports his 40-yard time as 4.8 seconds. Turner's supposedly one-dimensional nature, however, has occasionally allowed him to make unexpected plays with his feet. The most noteworthy of these were the momentum-changing 41-yard option run against NC State in 2007, and the fourth-down nine-yard scramble into field goal range against North Carolina in 2008.
Pundits and coaches sometimes characterized Turner as a quarterback who did not excel during practices, but executed well on game-day. Maryland head coach Ralph Friedgen said "He's pretty go-with-the-flow. And that's his greatest strength and maybe his greatest weakness. The bottom line is, he plays well in games." "The Baltimore Sun" wrote that he "seems to play his best when it counts—and his worst when it doesn't." Regarding the 2008 summer practices, offensive coordinator James Franklin said Turner ranked in the middle compared with Jordan Steffy and Josh Portis in terms of completion percentage, fewest interceptions, and "explosive" plays that gained 16 yards or more. Turner conceded that Steffy was a better game-planner during practices. Head coach Ralph Friedgen who had offered critical or subdued assessments of Turners' practice, said his intensity grew after losing the starting position to Steffy prior to the 2008 season. Turner said, "It lit a fire in me in the sense that I had to be ready."
Among his Maryland teammates and coaches, Turner earned a reputation as an archetypal "laid-back" Californian and for remaining calm under pressure. After the 2007 win over Rutgers, offensive tackle Scott Burley described his roommate Turner as "real calm the huddle . . . He would say, 'Guys, are you ready to score again? Are you ready to run the ball on these guys?' And we're like, 'Yeah, let's do that.'" Turner received the nicknames "Sunshine" and "Napoleon Dynamite", in reference to his similar appearance to the fictional characters in the films "Remember the Titans" and "Napoleon Dynamite", respectively.
Personal life.
Turner graduated from the University of Maryland in May 2009 with a bachelor's degree in government and politics. His strong interest in politics factored into his decision on where to attend college. He chose the University of Maryland partly based on its close proximity to Washington, D.C. Turner's political views are liberal; he is registered as a Democrat, and has described himself as an idealist.
During the 2008 season, political discussions were common in the Maryland locker room because of the presidential election. Turner and fellow quarterback Jordan Steffy, a conservative and supporter of presidential candidate Senator John McCain, were the most frequent debaters, while defensive tackle Dean Muhtadi was described as the primary instigator. During the summer of 2009, Turner held an internship on Capitol Hill working for Democratic Representative Steny Hoyer, the House Majority Leader and Maryland's fifth district congressman. Turner had previously considered volunteering for the presidential campaign of Barack Obama, which he said probably annoyed his conservative father, John Turner. Describing his experience during the internship, Turner said, "It's funny to compare how serious politics is and how serious football is. Depending on who you talk to, they're both pretty big deals . . . There's more to life than football."
Incidentally, Turner's favorite sport is soccer, not football. He is also interested in foreign cultures and expressed regret at being unable to spend a semester abroad because of college football. Turner said that, dependent upon the outcome of his football career, he would like to attend the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="19625117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625117" title="2008 Finlandia Trophy">
2008 Finlandia Trophy

The 2008 Finlandia Trophy were the Finlandia Trophy competition for the 2008–2009 figure skating season. It was the 13th edition of the Finlandia Trophy to be held. The Finlandia Trophy is an annual senior-level international figure skating competition held in Finland. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and ice dancing.
The 2008 Finlandia Trophy was held in the Valtti Areena between 9 October and 12 October 2008 in Vantaa.

</doc>
<doc id="19625124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625124" title="13th Satellite Awards">
13th Satellite Awards

The winners of the 13th Annual Satellite Awards, honoring the best in film and television in 2008, were announced on December 14, 2008.
Film categories.
'" "Slumdog Millionaire"
"' "Happy-Go-Lucky"
"' "Gomorrah" • Italy
"' Richard Jenkins - "The Visitor"
"' Ricky Gervais - "Ghost Town"
"' Angelina Jolie - "Changeling"
"' Sally Hawkins - "Happy-Go-Lucky"
"' Michael Shannon - "Revolutionary Road"
'" Rosemarie DeWitt - "Rachel Getting Married"
"' Danny Boyle - "Slumdog Millionaire"
'" "WALL-E"
"' "Australia"
'" "Australia"
"' "The Duchess"
'" "Iron Man" 
"' Slumdog Millionaire - A.R. Rahman
'" "Another Way to Die" - "Quantum of Solace"
"' "Frost/Nixon" - Peter Morgan
'" "The Visitor" - Thomas McCarthy
"' "The Dark Knight"
'" "Australia"
Television categories.
"' "Dexter"
'" "Tracey Ullman's State of the Union"
"' "Cranford"
"' Bryan Cranston - "Breaking Bad"
'" Justin Kirk - "Weeds" 
"' Paul Giamatti - "John Adams" 
'" Anna Paquin - "True Blood"
"' Tracey Ullman - "Tracey Ullman's State of the Union"
"' Judi Dench - "Cranford"
'" Nelsan Ellis - "True Blood"
"' Fionnula Flanagan - "Brotherhood"
Awards breakdown.
Film.
Winners:
Losers:
Television.
Winners:
Losers:

</doc>
<doc id="19625144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625144" title="David García Dapena">
David García Dapena

David García Dapena (born September 30, 1977 in Marín, Pontevedra) is a retired Spanish professional road bicycle racer. 
Doping.
During the 2010 Vuelta a España he tested positive for EPO. A later sample also tested positive for HES. The Spanish Cycling Federation subsequently banned him for 2 years, effective October 6, 2010, and declared his results of the 2010 Vuelta a España void. After retiring, García disclosed information to the police about how he had acquired the product, and led to the arrest of Alberto Beltrán Niño in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19625145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625145" title="Juho Jaakonaho">
Juho Jaakonaho

Johannes "Juho" Jaakonaho (1 September 1882 – 21 January 1964) was a Finnish road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Haapajärvi.
In 1912 he did not finish in the individual time trial event. Therefore he was the weakest link of the Finnish cycling team which competed in the team time trial event and finished fifth.

</doc>
<doc id="19625154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625154" title="Sodium pyrosulfate">
Sodium pyrosulfate

Sodium pyrosulfate is a salt of sodium and pyrosulfate, obtained by the dehydration of sodium bisulfate. This is an intermediate stage in the preparation of sulfur trioxide.

</doc>
<doc id="19625160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625160" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 1000 metres

The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
The 19 competitors first raced in three heats on August 7. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. All remaining competitors competed in the repechages later that day.
Repechages.
Taking place on August 7, two repechages were held. The top four finishers in each repechage advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Raced on August 9, the top three finishers from each of the three semifinals advanced to the final.
Final.
The final took place on August 11. 

</doc>
<doc id="19625165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625165" title="Richard Pearis">
Richard Pearis

Richard Pearis (1725 – 1794) was an Indian trader, a pioneer settler of Upstate South Carolina, and a Loyalist officer during the American Revolution.
Early life.
Richard Pearis was born in Ireland in 1725, the son of George and Sarah Pearis, who were Presbyterians of considerable affluence. The family immigrated to the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia when Richard was ten, and by 1750, Richard owned of land near Winchester, where he lived with his wife Rhoda and three children.
Career.
By 1753, Pearis was trading with the Cherokee Nation; and in partnership with Nathaniel Gist, he opened a trading post near present Kingsport, Tennessee. During the mid-1750s Pearis also began trading with the Cherokee in South Carolina and fathered a son, George, by a Cherokee woman. "An orator of rude, savage eloquence and power," Pearis gained favor with Virginia governor Robert Dinwiddie; and during the French and Indian War, Pearis led a company of Cherokee warriors and served under British General John Forbes when he retook Fort Duquesne. At the conclusion of the war, Pearis became Indian agent for colonial Maryland.
In 1770, Pearis and another member of the frontier gentry, Jacob Hite, forged letters from Cherokee leaders, including Oconostota, declaring the Indians’ willingness to cede land to the colony of Virginia. Pearis also claimed a deed from the Cherokee of twelve square miles in the area that is now Greenville County, South Carolina. An Indian interpreter, one John Watts, wrote the British Indian superintendent, John Stuart, that Pearis was “a very dangerous fellow who will breed great disturbances if he is let alone, for he will tell the Indians any lies to please them.” 
With the help of an Indian ally, Saluy, Pearis secured approval of his land grant from the chiefs at Chota, apparently in exchange for the cancellation of their trading debts. But in 1772, Stuart complained to the governor of South Carolina that Pearis had gained his title by plying the Indians with liquor. The governor then urged Stuart to prosecute Pearis for violating a 1739 statute that forbade British citizens to own Indian land. Meanwhile, Pearis had begun to transfer the land to other whites.
In November 1773, the circuit court at Ninety Six found Pearis guilty of holding Indian land, and he surrendered his deed. But the following month he secured another deed from Cherokee leaders granting his son George more than twelve square miles of land—most of which George then conveniently transferred to his father. 
Sometime after 1770, Pearis, his family, and their twelve slaves began to clear a of land near the falls of the Reedy River, at the heart of modern Greenville, South Carolina, where they planted grain and orchards on a plantation Pearis called “Great Plains.” Pearis built “a substantial house” and a store as well as a grist and sawmill.
In 1775, Pearis sought an appointment as a patriot commissioner to the Indians, and after the post was given to another, Pearis became a Tory captain. On December 12, 1775, patriot Colonel Richard Richardson captured Pearis and eight other Tory leaders. Pearis was kept in irons at Charleston for nine months, after which he made his way to British West Florida. Pearis's house and plantation buildings were burned by Pearis's backcountry opponents in July 1776. 
Pearis continued to serve with Loyalist forces during the American Revolution during what amounted to a civil war along the frontier. After the fall of Augusta, Georgia to the patriots in June 1781, Pearis was captured, and General Andrew Pickens saved Pearis's life "by putting him in a boat and sending him down river, away from the angry soldiers who would have killed him." Pearis’s land was confiscated by the state of South Carolina, and Pearis spent his remaining years as a planter in the Bahamas. He was more than amply compensated by the British government for South Carolina lands that, arguably, he had never legally owned.
North of contemporary Greenville, the locally prominent Paris Mountain and its Paris Mountain State Park take their name from Richard Pearis.

</doc>
<doc id="19625170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625170" title="Weightlifting at the 1988 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1988 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1988 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19625172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625172" title="Ocean surface topography">
Ocean surface topography

The ocean surface has highs and lows, similar to the hills and valleys of Earth's land surface depicted on a topographic map. These variations, called "ocean surface topography" or "dynamic sea surface topography" are mapped using measurements of sea surface height relative to Earth's geoid. Earth's geoid is a calculated surface of equal gravitational potential energy and represents the shape the sea surface would be if the ocean were not in motion. 
The height variations of ocean surface topography can be as much as two meters and are influenced by ocean circulation, ocean temperature, and salinity.
Ocean surface topography is used to map ocean currents, which move around the ocean's "hills" and "valleys" in predictable ways. A clockwise sense of rotation is found around "hills" in the northern hemisphere and "valleys" in the southern hemisphere. This is because of the Coriolis effect. Conversely, a counterclockwise sense of rotation is found around "valleys" in the northern hemisphere and "hills" in the southern hemisphere.
Ocean surface topography is also used to understand how the ocean moves heat around the globe, a critical component of Earth's climate, and for monitoring changes in global sea level.
Ocean surface topography can be derived from ship-going measurements of temperature and salinity at depth. However, since 1992, a series of satellite altimetry missions, beginning with TOPEX/Poseidon and continued with Jason-1 and the Ocean Surface Topography Mission on the Jason-2 satellite have measured sea surface height directly. By combining these measurements with gravity measurements from NASA's Grace mission, scientists can determine sea surface topography to within a few centimeters.
A new satellite mission called the Surface Water Ocean Topography Mission has been proposed to make the first global survey of the topography of all of Earth's surface water--the ocean, lakes and rivers. This study is aimed to provide a comprehensive view of Earth’s freshwater bodies from space and more much detailed measurements of the ocean surface than ever before.

</doc>
<doc id="19625190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625190" title="Brisbin, Saskatchewan">
Brisbin, Saskatchewan

Brisbin is an unincorporated community with a population which is enumerated with the rural municipality of Harris in the 2006 census.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="19625208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625208" title="Spider Hill">
Spider Hill

Spider Hill is an annual Halloween event held at Three Sisters Park in Chillicothe, Illinois, USA, and touted by the organizers as the number one haunted house attraction in Central Illinois.
Spider Hill was launched in 1999 by the local Optimist Club and Three Sisters Park and featured three main attractions: The Massacre Mansion, The Haunted Express haunted hayride and The Trail of Terror, which walks visitors through the forest. Sponsors of the event remind visitors of the legend of Spider Hill and the event's namesake where 23 individuals died at the site during World War I from poisonous spider bites. The event is run entirely by volunteers, starting with 60 in 2000 and increasing to 165 in 2007. Volunteers participate in organized workshops to share scaring techniques. The last attendance figures released were in 2004, when 20,000 visitors went through the various attractions during the October weekends and Halloween night. Event volunteers or actors reveal the biggest screams result from encounters with terrifying clowns, causing a grown man to faint twice in 2003 and another to spit at the circus specter for scaring his girlfriend.

</doc>
<doc id="19625210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625210" title="Armenian Genocide Museum of America">
Armenian Genocide Museum of America

Armenian Genocide Museum of America (AGMA) is a proposed Armenian museum in Washington, D.C., United States, run by the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial Inc. (AGM&M). The project was launched in 2000 and is yet to be finalized.
Concept and organization.
The idea to dedicate a building for commemorating the Armenian Genocide was launched by Hirair Hovnanian and Anoush Mathevosian.
The project was run by the Armenian Assembly of America (AAA) from 2000 to 2003. In November 2003, the project was transferred to the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial Inc. (AGM&M), with the Armenian Assembly of America given a trusteeship position.
Location.
The Armenian Genocide Museum will be housed in the former National Bank of Washington building, located on the southeast corner of 14th and G Streets, N.W., in downtown Washington, D.C. The building was purchased for $7.25 million, in addition to four adjacent properties, costing a total of $20 million. The site is two blocks from the White House and three blocks north of the National Mall.
Funding.
The main contributors as of September 2006 were:
The official website of the museum sets the opening date as 2011. The project however has been marred by disagreements and a litigation between Cafesjian and the Cafesjian Family Foundation on the one side, and the other trustees on the other side. A trial was held in Washington, D.C. between March 9 and 29, 2011 before U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly. After hearing witnesses and evidence, she issued a 190-page opinion and an order to the Armenian Genocide Museum and Memorial (AGM&M), Inc. to transfer the grant property back to the Cafesjian Family Foundation (CFF).

</doc>
<doc id="19625212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625212" title="Aukland (surname)">
Aukland (surname)

Aukland is a Norwegian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19625221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625221" title="Julius Christopher Hammer">
Julius Christopher Hammer

Julius Christopher Hammer (14 May 1798 - 31 December 1877) was a Norwegian priest and politician.
He was born in Bergen. In April 1831 he married Caroline Agnete Neumann.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842, representing the constituency of Søndre Bergenhus Amt. He only served one term. At that time he worked as a vicar in Haus.

</doc>
<doc id="19625232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625232" title="Ian R. Johnston">
Ian R. Johnston

Ian R. Johnston (born 1943 is an Australian human factors engineer and road safety advocate. He is a fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering.
Johnston was educated at the University of Melbourne. In 1991, he was appointed professor and director of the Monash University Accident Research Centre (MUARC) - the largest accident research centre in the Southern Hemisphere. Upon his retirement, he was praised by senior university and government figures as extremely influential in reducing road injuries in Victoria and worldwide. Johnston was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 2007 for service to the transport industry, particularly the promotion of road safety. 
Prior to assuming his role at the MUARC, Johnston held a number of positions, including Director of Road Safety for the Government of Victoria under the John Cain II government.

</doc>
<doc id="19625234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625234" title="The Price (Prison Break)">
The Price (Prison Break)

"The Price" is the 65th episode of the American television series "Prison Break" and was broadcast on October 20, 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.
Plot.
Michael and Agent Self strike a deal with Gretchen Morgan, who wants Scylla for herself but holds the pages of the 'bird book' that Michael needs. Sara is reluctant about this, as she is constantly disturbed by memories of imprisonment and torture at the hands of Gretchen. Meanwhile, now without the copying device, the team targets General Krantz to obtain the sixth and final card key. Recalling a successful job from his criminal days, Lincoln devises a plan to ram the General's limousine with a car and take his card. Lincoln and Sucre are to drive the car, Michael, Sara, and Bellick are to arrive at the crash scene in an ambulance, disguised as paramedics, and Mahone is to follow in an SUV to pick up Link & Sucre after the crash. An old car is obtained, and the ambulance is stolen from an impound while Self creates a diversion.
Roland faces an increasingly hostile attitude toward him from the team after he lost the device. He contacts Wyatt by text message on his phone, offering Michael and Lincoln for cash. When demanded for proof, Roland informs Wyatt of the impending ambush on the General. 
Gretchen, T-Bag, and the receptionist plan to start digging for the decoding device of Scylla. They pretend to work at GATE as usual, when Mr. Feng arrives demanding Scylla from T-Bag. However, Gretchen steps in, reassuring him to deliver Scylla for $125 million, and sends him off. After he leaves, T-Bag and the receptionist are seen secretly copying Gretchen's fingerprints.
Having set up an ambush, the team waits. Mahone is gloomy as the pursuit after his son's murderer is all but abandoned by the team; Sucre refuses to leave when Lincoln suggests doing it by himself; Sara confronts Michael of his possible condition, but Michael insists he is fine. The plan fails when the General's limousine is alerted at the last second. Wyatt arrives and shoots at Lincoln and Sucre in their car; the pair escapes, but Sucre is shot in his side. Back at the warehouse, Sara performs an emergency surgery on Sucre, who survives. Michael is suspicious about Roland, but is seemingly convinced by Roland's denial. Roland later flees the warehouse.
Gretchen sets up a meeting with Sara and gives her an opportunity to settle the score; she offers to let Sara whip her on the back with an extension cord. Sara refuses, but puts a blade to her throat, cutting it lightly, and tells Gretchen that she will pay for killing a guard ('Michelle') who helped Sara escape.
After the failed ambush, the General realizes Michael and his team are after his card, not his life. In a meeting with all the card holders, the General orders to have Scylla moved immediately, putting the post-Laos plan of the Company on hold.
Instead of getting paid, Roland gets shot by Wyatt in both his knees. Roland reveals the location of the warehouse to save himself, but Wyatt still shoots him in the stomach. Wyatt is savagely beaten by Mahone, immediately knocked out, relieved of both his weapons and communication devices, and taken captive by Michael, Lincoln, Bellick, and Mahone, who followed a bug planted in Roland's laptop. Michael stays with Roland and holds his hand until Roland dies.
Reception.
IGN gave the episode 8.6/10 saying that "this episode featured some key developments that really pushed the storyline forward". 

</doc>
<doc id="19625255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625255" title="Margarita Pin">
Margarita Pin

Married with three children, Pin first worked as a social worker and also worked for the Valencian regional administration before entering politics in 1995 when she was elected as a councillor for Sagunto and also served as a member of the Valencian Regional assembly from 1995 to 1996. She entered national politics in 1996 when she was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia. For the 2000 election she was placed lower down the PSOE list in seventh place in a district where the party had won only six seats at the previous election. With the PSOE failing to gain a seat she consequently lost her seat but returned to the Congress in June 2003 as a substitute candidate. She was re-elected in 2004 and was the most active PSOE deputy in the three Valencian provinces in the first 21 months of the Congress being credited with 346 legislative interventions. Despite this, for the 2008 election she was placed ninth on the PSOE list (the party had won seven seats at the 2004 election) effectively deselecting her as the party was unable to gain any seats in that election. With the replacement of Inmaculada Rodríguez-Piñero by José Luís Ábalos Meco in April 2009, she is currently first in line to substitute any PSOE deputy for Valencia Province who resigns or dies.

</doc>
<doc id="19625271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625271" title="Rumiana Gocheva">
Rumiana Gocheva

Rumiana Hristova Bojadjieva-Gocheva () (born July 21, 1957) is a Bulgarian chess Woman International Master from 1981.
Rumiana Gocheva was 6 times Bulgarian Women's Champion - 1980, 1982, 1984, 1987, 1989, 1991.
She has played for Bulgaria in 5 Chess Olympiads, La Valletta 1980 (Malta), Lucerne 1982 (Switzerland), Thessaloniki 1984 (Greece), Dubai 1986 (United Arab Emirates) and Novi Sad 1990 (Yugoslavia, today's Serbia).

</doc>
<doc id="19625277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625277" title="Max Adalbert">
Max Adalbert

Max Adalbert (February 19, 1874 – September 7, 1933) was a German stage and movie actor.
Biography.
Adalbert was born in Danzig (Gdansk), Imperial Germany as "Maximilian Adalbert Krampf" to a Prussian Officer. He used his firstnames as his stagename from the start of his career and debuted at the age of 19 at the theater of Lübeck and in 1894 at the municipal theater of Barmen. Adalbert also appeared at St.Gallen, Nuremberg and Vienna. He moved to Berlin in 1899 to work at the "Residenztheater". Coming in contact with Curt Bois, Adalbert turned into a comedian and was co-founded the popular "Kabarett der Komiker" in December 1924. On May 30, 1931 he made his debut as the central character of Carl Zuckmayer's Der Hauptmann von Köpenick at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin, which was filmed in the same year.
Max Adalbert died on a guest performance at Munich of pneumonia and was buried at the celebrities cemetery "Südwestkirchhof" at Berlin Stahnsdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19625281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625281" title="Dave Schulz">
Dave Schulz

Dave Schulz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19625282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625282" title="Cámara Base">
Cámara Base

Cámara Base () is a seasonal station operated by Argentina opened in 1953. Situated on Half Moon Island in McFarlane Strait off the east coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.

</doc>
<doc id="19625345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625345" title="Telephone numbers in Namibia">
Telephone numbers in Namibia

Country Code: +264<br>
International Call Prefix: 00<br>
Trunk Prefix: 0
Namibia's telephone numbering plan was originally devised when the country, then known as South West Africa, was under South African administration, and integrated into the South African telephone numbering plan.
Area codes beginning with 06 were allocated to Namibia, including Walvis Bay, a South African exclave, which was not transferred to Namibian sovereignty until 1994.
Following Namibia's independence in 1990, direct dialing between Namibia and South Africa was discontinued, and calls were classed as international. Consequently, subscribers were required to use the international access code and country calling code, omitting the trunk code 0. Namibia had already been allocated its own country code by the International Telecommunication Union, +264.
List of area codes in Namibia.
The international access code is now 00 but was previously 09.

</doc>
<doc id="19625356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625356" title="Mohammed El Moustaoui">
Mohammed El Moustaoui

Mohamed El Moustaoui is a Moroccan, Berber poet and songwriter. He was one of the first modern writers to write in Tamazight.
He was born in 1943 in Mekzert, a village in Souss. He studied in Taroudant and Marrakech.

</doc>
<doc id="19625360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625360" title="North East Premier League">
North East Premier League

The North East Premier League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in the North East of England, serving the counties of Durham, Northumberland and Tyne and Wear. Since 2000 it has been a designated ECB Premier League.
The most successful team has been South Northumberland Cricket Club who have been champions on eight occasions, including six consecutively between 2003 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19625365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625365" title="Munich Steam Locomotive Company">
Munich Steam Locomotive Company

The Munich Steam Locomotive Company ("Dampflok-Gesellschaft München" or DGM) is charitable society based in Munich, Germany, whose aim is to preserve the oil-fired steam locomotive, number 41 018, as an operational locomotive.
Society.
The society was originally founded in 1976 as the "Interessengemeinschaft 41 018. e.V." ('41 018 Interest Group') as the DRG Class 41 steam locomotive, no. 41 018, was purchased. This steam engine is registered as a technological monument in the state of Bavaria, Germany.
The society has 11 members who are joint owners of the locomotives and who have succeeded in keeping and operating locomotive 41 018 for more than 30 years. The steam engine is homed at the Augsburg Railway Park where the necessary work is also carried out.
Locomotives.
The following locomotives are owned by the DGM and stored at the Augsburg Railway Park:
Purchase of 41 018.
No. 042 018-2 was bought, because she was the best of the 29 surviving Class 41s, having only had an "L2/H2.8" overhaul in 1975. She had completed just die 66,000 kilometer since her overhaul and could therefore continue to be worked for a long time, both in terms of distance and time.
Events.
Special steam trains are hauled by 41 018 in cooperation with other organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="19625367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625367" title="Uncial 095">
Uncial 095

Uncial 095 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1002 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 8th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 2:45-3:8, on one parchment leaf (28 cm by 19 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page, in large uncial letters. 
The manuscript was part of the same codex to which Uncial 0123 belonged. It contains texts of Acts 2:22, 26-28, 45-3:2. 0123 was examined by de Muralt and cited by Tischendorf. Formerly it was classified as lectionary Apostolarion. It was labelled as 72a by Scrivener, as 70a by Gregory.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
Present location.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th-century.
Constantin von Tischendorf brought it from Sinai.
The codex 095 is located now in the National Library of Russia (Gr. 17). The codex 0123 has a catalogue number Gr. 49, 1-2, frag. in the same library in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19625400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625400" title="Residual property (mathematics)">
Residual property (mathematics)

In the mathematical field of group theory, a group is residually "X" (where "X" is some property of groups) if it "can be recovered from groups with property "X"".
Formally, a group "G" is residually "X" if for every non-trivial element "g" there is a homomorphism "h" from "G" to a group with property "X" such that formula_1.
More categorically, a group is residually "X" if it embeds into its pro-"X" completion (see profinite group, pro-p group), that is, the inverse limit of formula_2 where "H" is a group with property "X".
Examples.
Important examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="19625403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625403" title="Residual property (physics)">
Residual property (physics)

In thermodynamics a residual property is defined as the difference between a real gas property and an ideal gas property, both considered at the same pressure, temperature, and composition.

</doc>
<doc id="19625417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625417" title="Brown &amp; Wood">
Brown &amp; Wood

Brown & Wood was a New York-based law firm established in 1914 that merged with Chicago-based Sidley & Austin in 2001 to form Sidley Austin Brown & Wood, later shortened to Sidley Austin. 
The firm was known for its expertise in capital markets work, specifically the representation of issuers and underwriters in securities offerings. According to Securities Data Co., Brown & Wood was ranked first in both issuers and underwriters representation in 1998, and first as legal adviser on securitized debt issues in the same year. Brown & Wood also cultivated a roster of clients in the real estate investment trust, defense of brokerage firms and international securities offerings, among other areas.
The firm had offices in New York, Beijing, Hong Kong, London (1989), Los Angeles (1971), San Francisco (1986) and Washington, D.C. (1980) as well as a representative office in Tokyo. In 1986, the firm absorbed Tufo & Zuccotti, the firm of former New York City Deputy Mayor John Zuccotti and Peter Tufo, ex Davis Polk & Wardwell attorneys (though Tufo himself did not join Brown & Wood).
Brown & Wood made headlines in 1988 when it famously de-equitized and fired a partner who it accused of poor performance. The attorney, a graduate of Dartmouth College and New York University School of Law was given $120,000 severance pay and was later reduced to driving a limousine. He sued the firm but lost. The presiding judge, Judge Harold Baer Jr. wrote in his opinion, "Many believe that the last decade has seen the bar move from a profession to a business. In some firms we find that profits have replaced pro bono; production has undercut professionalism and compensation has overtaken collegiality" (see: book of business (law). 
Typical of the old-line Wall Street law firms, many of which have since disappeared or merged with out-of-town rivals, Brown & Wood was considered a cordial, if stuffy, work environment. According to the "The Insider's Guide to Law Firms" published in 1993, formal suits were required and "some summer associates Brown & Wood have been asked questions about the number they owned and about their underclothes."
In an effort to bulk up in a period of strong law firm consolidation, Brown & Wood explored a merger with fellow New York firm White & Case in 1998, but these talks were described as "preliminary in nature." Brown & Wood eventually merged with Sidley & Austin in 2001. Shortly thereafter, the legacy Brown & Wood's offices in the World Trade Center were destroyed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The firm relocated its New York operations to midtown Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="19625426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625426" title="Freuet Euch des Lebens">
Freuet Euch des Lebens

Freuet Euch des Lebens ("Enjoy Life"), op. 340, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. It was written for the Vienna Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde, and premiered at the new Musikverein building in Vienna in 1870.

</doc>
<doc id="19625433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625433" title="Bedük">
Bedük

Bedük had his debut album (under his altername "Serhat") Nefes Almak Zor () released in 2004 by İrem Records. However, his rise to fame was in 2007 with his second album, Even Better released through Audiology Records. In 2009, he released his third album Dance Revolution and instantly gathered massive attention. In February 2010, he released his latest album GO that has 12 breakthrough dance tracks with his unique electro pop style.

</doc>
<doc id="19625443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625443" title="James B. Dudley High School">
James B. Dudley High School

James Benson Dudley High School is located in the Southeastern quadrant of Guilford County in the city of Greensboro, North Carolina. Dudley High School was founded in 1929 as the first black high school in Guilford County, in a school system segregated by law. The school was named for James Benson Dudley.
The school was central to the 1969 Greensboro uprising when school officials refused to recognize the validity of a write-in candidate for student council, allegedly due to his activism in the Black Power movement. In 1971 through desegregation, Dudley’s student population integrated.
Today, the make-up of the school consists of a diverse student enrollment with a predominately African-American population. Dudley has a traditional education program as well as the Dudley Science, Math, and Technology Academy magnet program. The Science, Math, and Technology Academy provide high-caliber students a strong college preparatory background, which emphasizes mathematics and science along with sufficient writing, research, and technological skills. During their senior year, Dudley Academy Students attend classes on college campuses.
Dudley won 2 back to back football rings. The school colors are Blue and Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="19625450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625450" title="Moss Arbeiderblad">
Moss Arbeiderblad

Moss Arbeiderblad was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Moss in Østfold county. It was affiliated with the Social Democratic Labour Party of Norway.
"Moss Arbeiderblad" was started on 13 November 1920 as "Ekstrabladet". In 1921, when the Social Democratic Labour Party broke away from the Norwegian Labour Party, the newspaper sided with the former party. The name was changed to "Moss Arbeiderblad" in July 1922. In 1927 the Social Democratic Labour Party reconciled with the Labour Party, and the two parties again became one. At the same time, "Moss Arbeiderblad" was absorbed into the local Labour Party newspaper "Folkets Blad", which was published under the new name "Moss og Omegn Arbeiderblad". Its editor-in-chief throughout its existence was politician Arne Magnussen.

</doc>
<doc id="19625461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625461" title="Stoltenberg (Norwegian family)">
Stoltenberg (Norwegian family)

Stoltenberg is a Norwegian family.
Various branches of the family have long political traditions. The family may be traced back to Henrik Monssen, who was a churchwarden in Tønsberg. Henrik Monssen was the great-grandfather of Vincent and Jens Stoltenberg, a merchant and a priest, respectively. They have several descendants, among others Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg and former Minister of Foreign Affairs Thorvald Stoltenberg.
The name Stoltenberg derives from the village Stoltenberg in present-day Germany. While living as a student in Holstein, one of the Stoltenberg family's ancestors adopted this name.

</doc>
<doc id="19625470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625470" title="Jim Godbolt">
Jim Godbolt

Jim Godbolt (5 October 1922 – 9 January 2013) was a British jazz writer and historian. 
He was born in Sidcup, Kent. During a varied career in the music business, Godbolt worked as concert-promoter, manager to British jazz musicians, film consultant, broadcaster and compiler of album liner notes. He edited several jazz publications, including "Jazz Illustrated", from 1950–51, "100 Club News", from 1979–84 and from 1980-2006 he was founding editor of "Jazz at Ronnie Scott's", the house magazine of the jazz club in London.
Jim Godbolt also wrote for newspapers and periodicals, including "Harpers & Queen" and "Melody Maker".

</doc>
<doc id="19625488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625488" title="Abdullah Kobayashi">
Abdullah Kobayashi


</doc>
<doc id="19625496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625496" title="Disclosure of the invention under the European Patent Convention">
Disclosure of the invention under the European Patent Convention

Article 83 of the European Patent Convention (EPC) relates to the disclosure of the invention under the European Patent Convention. It prescribes that a European patent application must disclose the invention (which is the subject of the European patent application) in a manner sufficiently clear and complete for it to be carried out by a person skilled in the art. 
In order to meet the requirements of Article 83 EPC, a European patent application must therefore contain sufficient information to allow a person skilled in the art, using his common general knowledge, to perceive the technical teaching inherent in the claimed invention and to put it into effect accordingly. In other words, the disclosure of the invention must be reproducible without undue burden. This requirement must be complied with as from the date of filing because a deficiency in a European patent application as filed, consisting in an insufficient identification of the subject-matter claimed, cannot subsequently be cured without offending against Article 123(2) EPC which provides that the subject-matter content of a European patent application as filed may not be extended.
An insufficiently clear and complete disclosure of the invention is a ground of opposition, and revocation.
Article 83 EPC and the generally accepted laws of physics.
Although the European Patent Convention does not exclude the patenting of "revolutionary" inventions,
Burden of proof in opposition.
The burden of proof generally lies upon an opponent to establish insufficiency of disclosure. However, "when the patent does not give any information of how a feature of the invention can be put into practice" and if the opponent plausibly argues that "common general knowledge would not enable the skilled person to put this feature into practice", the burden of proof can be shifted to the patentee to show that "common general knowledge would indeed enable the skilled person to carry out the invention." As held in decision T 608/07 of 27 April 2009 (in opposition appeal proceedings), 

</doc>
<doc id="19625499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625499" title="Christos Dimopoulos">
Christos Dimopoulos

Christos Dimopoulos (, born 10 June 1958) is a retired Greek footballer who played for PAOK and Panathinaikos. His nickname was "Fonias" ("Φονιάς", means Killer) of Greek football.
Career.
Dimopoulos was born in Gastouni. He started his professional career in Aias Gastounis and then Panetolikos. He played for PAOK from 1980 to 1985, scoring 47 league goals in 112 appearances and 5 UEFA Cup goals in 8 appearances with the club.
At the end of the 1985 season, Dimopoulos signed to Panathinaikos, finally closing his career in Athinaikos. Nowadays, he is believed to be one of the best strikers in PAOK history.
Dimopoulos made 10 appearances for the Greece national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19625500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625500" title="Balilla-class submarine">
Balilla-class submarine

The "Balilla"-class were the first submarines to be built for the Italian navy following the end of World War I. They were large ocean-going cruiser submarines designed to operate in the Indian Ocean based in Italy's East African colonies. The design was double-hulled and based on the German Type UE 2 U-boats, one of which, "U-120" was supplied to the Italians as a war reparation. A auxiliary diesel engine was installed as an extra generator.
The boats were stationed in the Mediterranean in 1940 but proved too large to be effective patrol submarines. Their only success was the sinking of the British submarine HMS "Triad" by "Enrico Toti" on 15 October 1940. After 1941 they were used as transport submarines to supply Italian forces in North Africa. The surviving boats were scrapped after the war.
Ships.
All ships were built by OTO in Muggiano.

</doc>
<doc id="19625504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625504" title="Human resource development">
Human resource development

Human Resources Development (HRD) as a theory is a framework for the expansion of human capital within an organization through the development of both the organization and the individual to achieve performance improvement. Adam Smith states, “The capacities of individuals depended on their access to education”. The same statement applies to organizations themselves, but it requires a much broader field to cover both areas.
Human Resource Development is the integrated use of training, organization, and career development efforts to improve individual, group and organizational effectiveness. HRD develops the key competencies that enable individuals in organizations to perform current and future jobs through planned learning activities. Groups within organizations use HRD to initiate and manage change. Also, HRD ensures a match between individual and organizational needs.
Resources.
Understanding the foundations of HRD can be found in "Brief Foundations of Human Resource Development" by Richard A. Swanson. 
A detailed PowerPoint and HTML overview of "Foundations of Human Resource Development", a textbook used in graduate courses, may be found at http://textbookresources.net/.
Journals that emphasize human resource development issues include:
Advances in Developing Human Resources: http://adh.sagepub.com/
European Journal of Training and Development: http://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/products/journals/journals.htm?id=ejtd
Human Resource Development International: http://www.tandfonline.com/toc/rhrd20/current
Human Resource Development Quarterly: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1002/(ISSN)1532-1096
Human Resource Development Review: http://hrd.sagepub.com/
International Journal of Training & Development: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/journal/10.1111/%28ISSN%291468-2419
New Horizons in Adult Education & Human Resource Development: http://www.wiley.com/WileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd-NHA3.html
Journal of Workplace Learning: http://www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/products/journals/journals.htm?id=JWL
T&D Magazine: http://www.astd.org/Publications/Magazines/TD
Process, practice and relation to other fields.
Notably, HRD is not only a field of study but also a profession. HRD practitioners and academia focus on HRD as a process. HRD as a process occurs within organizations and encapsulates: 
TD alone can leave an organization unable to tap into the increase in human, knowledge or talent capital. OD alone can result in an oppress rce. HRD practicitioners find the interstices of win/win solutions that develop the employee and the organization in a mutually beneficial manner. HRD does not occur without the organization, so the practice of HRD within an organization is inhibited or promoted upon the platform of the organization's mission, vision and values.
Other typical HRD practices include:
HRD positions in businesses, health care, non-profit, and other fields include: 
As a Program of Study in Formal Education.
Academic programs in Human Resource Development (HRD) are available at both the undergraduate and graduate level.
Having become available only in 1980, one of the more well-known universities offering degrees in Human Resource Development is the University of Minnesota. By 2011, many universities offered Human Resource Development degrees (both graduate and undergraduate).

</doc>
<doc id="19625526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625526" title="DBAG Class 088">
DBAG Class 088

The Deutsche Bahn AG in Germany reserves classes 088, 188 and 288 for all historical motive power (locomotives, multiple-units, railcars and railbuses) that are no longer part of their active, commercial fleet, but are still in their inventory. These classes are however, generally, 'virtual' because whilst they are used in the computerised database for management purposes, the running numbers are usually only recorded in the cab of the actual vehicle. Externally the original vehicle numbers are displayed.
These group classes have the following definitions:

</doc>
<doc id="19625541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625541" title="North Staffordshire and South Cheshire League">
North Staffordshire and South Cheshire League

The North Staffordshire and South Cheshire League is the top level of competition for recreational club cricket in the North Staffordshire and South Cheshire area of England. Since 2001 it has been a designated ECB Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19625556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625556" title="Greenbush, New York">
Greenbush, New York

Greenbush, New York may refer to a few places in the U.S. state of New York:
In Rensselaer County:
In Rockland County:
In Schoharie County:

</doc>
<doc id="19625591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625591" title="Von der Lippe (Norwegian family)">
Von der Lippe (Norwegian family)

von der Lippe is the surname of a prominent Norwegian family, part of the historical Patriciate of Norway.
In Norway, the surname is most frequently associated with the descendants "Jacob von der Lippe" (died 1702), who immigrated from Bremen, Germany and became a citizen of Bergen, Norway in 1655. In Bergen, family members were merchants and business people. Later, the family had clergy members and other officials, as well as theater people, and various other professions. 
Within Scandinavian countries, there have been several people with the surname von der Lippe without family lines known between them.

</doc>
<doc id="19625594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625594" title="Isak Halvorsen">
Isak Halvorsen

Isak Halvorsen (9 October 1877 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1928–1930, representing the Market towns of Møre og Romsdal county.
Born at Follestad, Skien, he got himself a job at the post office in Kristiansund in 1894. He was a member of Kristiansund city council from 1916 to 1931, and also chaired the local party chapter for some time. Meanwhile, he rose in the postal hierarchy to eventually become postmaster, in the city of Molde from 1936 to 1947. 
During the German occupation of Norway he was imprisoned for one day, being arrested on 7 October 1944 on suspicion of him having a false passport. He was released the next day.

</doc>
<doc id="19625596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625596" title="George Leonard">
George Leonard

George Burr Leonard (1923 – January 6, 2010) was an American writer, editor, and educator who wrote extensively about education and human potential. He was President Emeritus of the Esalen Institute, past-president of the Association for Humanistic Psychology, President of ITP International, and a former editor of "Look Magazine". He was a former United States Army Air Corps pilot, and held a fifth degree black belt in aikido.
Leonard was a co-founder of the Aikido of Tamalpais dojo in Corte Madera, California. He also developed the Leonard Energy Training (LET) practice for centering the mind, body, and spirit.
Leonard died at his home in Mill Valley, California on January 6, 2010 after a long illness and was survived by his wife and three daughters. He was 86 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19625603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625603" title="Henry Parker (writer)">
Henry Parker (writer)

Henry Parker (1604–1652) was an English barrister and political writer in the Parliamentarian cause. 
He was a major figure as a propagandist and pamphleteer, "the most influential writer to defend the parliamentary cause in the 1640s". He provided the "ideological ballast for resistance", according to Geoffrey Robertson. He operated on behalf of the "coalition" of aristocrats and gentry who took over in the Long Parliament. He formulated a theory of sovereignty for the side of Parliament in its conflict with Charles I of England, based on the consent of the people.
Life.
He was born in Ratton, Sussex, where his father Sir Nicholas Parker was a justice of the peace and MP. His mother was Kathryn Temple, sister of Sir Thomas Temple, 1st Baronet, of Stowe. Thomas Parker, who represented Seaford in the Long Parliament, was his brother. His background was Winchester College, St Edmund Hall, Oxford (M.A. 1628) and Lincoln's Inn (called to the bar in 1637). He was a nephew, by marriage, and associate of William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele, and his early works are close to the direct political concerns of this patron. He was a cousin of the regicide, James Temple.
He was secretary to the Parliamentary Army in 1642, and secretary to the House of Commons with John Sadler in 1645. At the same time he was secretary to Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex, who emerged in 1642 in a prominent position as Parliamentary military leader. Parker's "Observations upon some of his Majesty's late answers and expresses" (1642) has been called the "single most influential tract of the period".
Correspondence of King Charles and Queen Henrietta Maria was captured after the royalist defeat at the Battle of Naseby in 1645. It was published, 39 letters being made public, edited and annotated by Parker, Sadler and Thomas May, as "The Kings Cabinet Opened". The tactic adopted in this work of mild annotation, allowing Charles's words mostly to speak for themselves, proved itself effective.
After the death of Essex, in 1646, he took a position in Germany, as agent in Hamburg for the Merchant Adventurers. From this period dates his economic pamphlet, "On a free trade", in support of mercantilism. He also became concerned with the political and military situation in Ireland. He wrote pamphlets on it, becoming on his return an apologist for Henry Ireton. From 1649 he was secretary to Oliver Cromwell's army, serving in Ireland, and is presumed to have died there.
In 1649, he with Henry Robinson argued for 'engagement', a kind of loyalty oath to be imposed by the victorious Parliamentary side to ensure recognition of its authority. He was an opponent of John Lilburne, the Leveller, and wrote in support of jury trial, a system attacked by Lilburne.
Parker's positions and sources.
His "Discourse concerning Puritans" drew on Virgilio Malvezzi and Paolo Sarpi, and attacked both episcopacy and Presbyterianism as autonomous systems. In "True grounds" (1641) he continued the case against independent religious institutions.
In a series of over 20 political pamphlets from 1640 onwards, he developed "ad hoc" but influential positions: absolute power for Parliament; thorough Erastianism on the religious question (a "cool secularist" for Christopher Hill); and an appeal to natural law, or the "law of nature" as the basis for political power. In "The Case of shipmony" (1640) he argued in terms of "salus populi", the law of necessity, and the failure of the King's arguments to establish it. This went further than arguments simply directed against royal prerogative, and shifted the discussion of legality.
For J. G. A. Pocock, Parker is "no kind of classical republican". On the other hand the position of "Observations" on monarchy is that it is held "by way of trust". With Philip Hunton, Parker argued that political society has the nature of a contract, and required the consent of the people. He put the case that Parliament actually was representative of the people.
Parker's theory of sovereignty implicitly depended on Jean Bodin. As well as Bodin and Sarpi, Mendle sees Parker drawing on Richard Hooker, and Grotius.
Royalist replies.
Initially, the "Observations" of 1642 provoked replies that did not name it or engage directly with its arguments, but attacked its slogans. Two important examples were works from Dudley Digges and John Spelman, in "A view of a printed book intituled Observations upon His Majesties late answers and expresses" (1642). Robert Filmer in "Patriarcha" held up Parker's contractarian views as an artificial construct.
John Bramhall attacked both Parker and Thomas Hobbes, at different times, but using similar language. John Maxwell took Parker as a typical specimen, in "Sacro-sancta regum majestas" of 1644, published anonymously. He argued strongly against the concept that the king had his power through popular consent, and placed Parker in a tradition going back to William of Ockham and Marsilius of Padua.
Influence.
Christopher Hill states that Philip Hunton's "Treatise of Monarchie" (1643) is an attempted compromise between Parker and John Goodwin.
In general terms, the works of Parker, John Lilburne, Richard Overton, Isaac Penington and Henry Vane are considered the substrate for the later political theories of John Locke, James Harington and Algernon Sidney.

</doc>
<doc id="19625608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625608" title="2003–04 Liga Leumit">
2003–04 Liga Leumit

The 2003–04 Liga Leumit season saw Hapoel Haifa win the title and promotion to the Premier League. Runners-up Hapoel Nazareth Illit were also promoted to the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Bottom-placed Hapoel Ramat Gan were relegated to Liga Artzit. Tzafririm Holon were also due to be relegated, but were reprieved after Maccabi Kiryat Gat were demoted to Liga Alef due to financial difficulties.

</doc>
<doc id="19625610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625610" title="Kloster Berge school">
Kloster Berge school

The Kloster Berge school or Berge monastery school was a "gymnasium" at the Kloster Berge (Berge Abbey or Berge Monastery) at Buckau on the outskirts of Magdeburg, Germany which was founded in the mid-16th century and during its heyday from 1660 to 1806 was known for the quality of its education.
History.
Both Thietmar of Merseburg in the 10th century and Herkus Monte in the 13th are said to have been educated at the monastery.
However, the first clear mention of boys being schooled there dates to 1563, and the actual school was founded as part of the re-establishment of the monastery beginning in 1559, after the Schmalkaldic War. During this period, in 1565, it also ceased to be a Benedictine abbey and became Lutheran like the city of Magdeburg. The formal opening of the school was therefore in 1565, as a Lutheran foundation. The school opened with 12 pupils, all on scholarship. At the outset, the teacher was paid 20 Thalers, 2 shirts, a pair of shoes and a pair of slippers per year plus bed and board. Instruction appears to have been restricted to the medieval trivium and quadrivium, and took place in the cloister of the parsonage until one schoolmaster hanged himself there and it was moved to a specially built round tower.
In 1625 Magdeburg was stricken by plague, parents withdrew their children, and the school was closed. The monastery was sacked and destroyed during the Thirty Years' War. The school was re-established in 1660 with 6 pupils and although an unsuccessful court case was brought against the abbot in 1665 for excessive disciplining of 3 unruly pupils, starting in 1686 it was enlarged and reorganised as a "gymnasium", preparing pupils for university study with a curriculum of religion, mathematics, history, geography, rhetoric, logic, poetry, moral philosophy, "ars humaniora" and fine arts, and came to be regarded as one of Germany's best schools. It reached its height of fame in the mid-18th century, under Abbot Johann Adam Steinmetz. The school was particularly known for its instruction in ancient and modern languages. At that time the school had 40–50 new pupils a year and a total student body of over 150, and noble families from all over the Holy Roman Empire and beyond sent their sons to be educated there. Goethe visited the monastery and praised the school and Steinmetz. 
The monastery had become a centre of Pietism; the school was closely associated with August Hermann Francke's "Franckesche Stiftungen" in Halle, and in 1735 an institute for the training of rural schoolteachers was founded. In 1750, after being denied official permission, Steinmetz with the assistance of some benefactors established a separate free school for 100 poor children of Magdeburg, in a house which he bought for the purpose.
Scientific research was also carried out at the monastery. In June 1761, Georg Christoph Silberschlag and Heinrich Wilhelm Bachmann detected the atmosphere of Venus at the monastery observatory.
The school declined starting in 1762 when Steinmetz' chosen successor as abbot proved unsatisfactory; he was authoritarian, sought to relate all instruction explicitly to the New Testament and reduced expenditure excessively, including cutting back on free places at the school, and teachers and pupils left. By Easter 1768 there were only 33 pupils. In contrast he spent freely on the teacher training institute. He was removed from leadership of the school by royal decree in 1770 and eventually also from his position as abbot. His successor introduced classes in technology and hired Johann Gottlieb Cunradi to teach the subject but was unable to restore the school's reputation.; in 1784/5 a newspaper report stated, "The school has a very thoughtful director and some very able teachers—if only it also had pupils!"
During the Napoleonic Wars Magdeburg surrendered to the French, and in 1810 the Kingdom of Westphalia ordered the school to be closed. It was shut down on March 30, after educating 2,200 pupils since 1686. The monastery library and scientific collections were donated to Halle University and the school library sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="19625618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625618" title="Jonathan Wright">
Jonathan Wright

Jonathan Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19625639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625639" title="Orrell Park">
Orrell Park

Orrell Park is a district of Liverpool, Merseyside, England. It is a small residential area of northern Liverpool between the large districts of Aintree and Walton. 
The area features Orrell Park railway station of the Merseyrail system. A popular night club and concert venue, The Orrell Park Function Rooms, is located in the district. Orrell Park is also home to Devonfield Gardens, the smallest Green Flag Award area in England, which regularly hosts community events. The area has historical and cultural links which include the "Titanic", The Beatles and The Canadian Army Mutiny in the First World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19625661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625661" title="Jack Montgomery (Louisiana politician)">
Jack Montgomery (Louisiana politician)

John Willard Montgomery, Sr., known as Jack Montgomery (born June 2, 1936), is an attorney in private practice in the small city of Minden, the seat of Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana, who served in the 26th District of the Louisiana State Senate (Bienville, Bossier, Claiborne, and Webster parishes) for a single four-year term from 1968 to 1972. He unseated incumbent Harold Montgomery (no relation) of Doyline in south Webster Parish in the 1967 Democratic runoff primary. Four years later, the conservative Harold Montgomery staged a comeback and narrowly defeated Jack Montgomery, who did not again seek any elected office.
Early years and education.
Montgomery was one of five children born to a Springhill couple, Earl W. Montgomery, an employee of International Paper Company, and the former Berniece McLeod (1908–2008). His mother was originally from Hamburg in southern Arkansas. After graduation in 1954 from Springhill High School, where he excelled in American football, Montgomery, a Baptist, entered the Catholic-affiliated Tulane University in New Orleans on an athletic scholarship. In his senior year at Tulane, he was the team captain. He procured his law degree from Louisiana State University Law Center in Baton Rouge. He opened his law practice first in Springhill, but he then relocated to the parish seat of Minden.
1967 state Senate campaign.
Jack Montgomery entered the race for the state Senate in 1967 to challenge the two-term incumbent Harold Montgomery, who had opposed the administration of popular Governor John McKeithen. Jack challenged Harold over highway construction issues. A Jack Montgomery advertisement asks why Webster Parish was then 20th among 23 North Louisiana parishes in highway funding. Bossier Parish, also part of the senatorial district, fared slightly better at 14th place. 
Jack Montgomery received numerous endorsements in the race and emerged as a significant challenger. McKeithen supported Jack Montgomery; so did educators John L. Cathcart, former principal of Minden High School and E.S. Richardson Elementary School in Minden, Ed Olive, the principal of Springhill High School, and D.C. Wimberly, also a World War II prisoner of war from Springhill. A.O. Jenkins, then pastor of the large Central Baptist Church in Springhill, supported his parishioner. Others who signed a newspaper statement of support were the merchant A. J. Price, Jr., Springhill Mayor James Allen, and Springhill newspaper publisher Danny Scott (1930–2007).
Harold led Jack in the first primary, 10,982 to 10,534, but neither had a majority. Therefore a runoff election was held on December 16. The result was a stunning reversal from the original primary vote. Jack defeated Harold, 10,037 (55.1 percent) to 7,177 (44.9 percent). In the second round, more than four thousand voters who participated in the first election sat out the contest, and nearly all who failed to vote did so at Harold's expense. Harold Montgomery expressed concern that people were confused over two men named Montgomery running for the office. He quietly sat out the next four years in preparation for a rematch in the 1971 Democratic primary. 
In that same runoff, Harold's ideological ally, State Representative Parey Branton of Shongaloo in Webster Parish, defeated former Springhill Mayor Charles E. McConnell to win a third term in the state House, 7,619 (52.6 percent) to 6,857 (47.4 percent). Harold's defeat and Branton's close victory signaled the power of the African American vote in view of passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Most blacks chose Democrats, but the more liberal choices within the party primaries.
Montgomery v. Montgomery again, 1971.
As the McKeithen administration lost popularity in its second term, in part by opposition to higher spending reflected in the construction of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Harold Montgomery entered the race once more, having first run unsuccessfully in 1956 against Herman "Wimpy" Jones, a Minden restaurant owner. In his scathing advertisement called "Public Feels Cheated", Harold Montgomery decried an assortment of matters that troubled him in Louisiana in 1971, many beyond the purview of the state Senate:
(1) a loss of confidence in government in general
(2) thievery in office
(3) appointment of "political hacks" by the governor
(4) "dope pushers"
(6) "employees who don't work" and
(7) "politicians who continually ask for more money without showing any accomplishment in return." 
Montgomery closed his ad with a prediction of high turnover in the legislative elections of 1971 and 1972, but the changes were mostly within the Democratic Party. Another Democrat, Edwin Washington Edwards, originally from Crowley, with whom Harold had a personal friendship, succeeded McKeithen.
In a campaign ad, Jack Montgomery noted his opposition to gambling, support for vocational education, and aid to the handicapped.
The 1971 returns narrowly vindicated Harold Montgomery, who dislodged Jack Montgomery, 14,595 (51.2 percent) to 13,889 (48.8 percent). Jack led only in Claiborne Parish, having lost in Bienville, Bossier, and Webster. Harold Montgomery did not seek a fourth nonconsecutive term in the first ever nonpartisan blanket primary held in Louisiana in November 1975.
John W. Montgomery, Jr..
Jack Montgomery and his wife, the former Carolyn Tucker (born 1940), a 1958 graduate of Springhill High School, have three children, daughters, Elizabeth and Rebecca (born 1971), and a son, John W. Montgomery, Jr. (born May 23, 1963).
John Montgomery, Jr., graduated in 1981 from Minden High School and in 1985 from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Thereafter, John, Jr. was a United States Army airborne ranger infantry officer. He later joined the National Guard and served with the 5th Infantry Division. He received his law degree from Tulane Law School in New Orleans. He is an attorney in Quinton in Greater Richmond, Virginia, and a member of the Varina School Board in suburban Henrico County.
In 2003, Virginia Democratic Governor Mark Warner, thereafter a U.S. Senator, appointed Montgomery as Virginia's 3rd congressional district member of the board of directors of the state Department of Game and Inland Fisheries. He was also a military aide-de-camp to both Warner and Warner's successor as governor, Timothy M. Kaine, now a U.S. senator. In 2007, Kaine, a Democrat, reappointed Montgomery to the DGIF board. 
John W. Montgomery, Jr., and his wife, Cappie L. Montgomery, live in Henrico County with their four children.
Jack Montgomery no longer maintains his law practice at 209 Pine Street in Minden. Instead he is an assistant district attorney for Webster Parish. His son, John Montgomery, Jr., represents clients in the Greater Richmond area. Jack Montgomery also served for some six months as the interim municipal judge in Minden. In 2007, he was the chairman of the board of Minden Medical Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19625680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625680" title="August Herman Halvorsen">
August Herman Halvorsen

August Herman Halvorsen (2 September 1866 - 6 January 1929) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Democrats.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1919–1921, representing the rural constituency of "Vest-Telemarken".
Born in Skien, he grew up in Holla and inherited his father's tanning business.
He was a member of Holla municipal council from 1898 to 1925, serving as mayor from 1916. He also served on a number of public committees, being chairman of the poor's relief agency from 1903 to 1906 and the public trustee's office from 1916 to 1922. For an unknown period he was a member of the county committee of Telemark.

</doc>
<doc id="19625688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625688" title="Josipa Lisac">
Josipa Lisac

Josipa Lisac () (born February 14, 1950) is an eminent Croatian female singer.
Biography.
During the 1960s she was a vocalist of the group named Zlatni Akordi. Her first solo album, recorded in 1973, "Dnevnik jedne ljubavi" (The diary of a love) was a huge success and is until today one of the most legendary albums in Croatia. 
During 1987 Josipa Lisac entered preselection venue "Jugovizija" with hope to represent Yugoslavia in Eurovision Song Contest 1987, she sang her hit "Gdje Dunav Ljubi Nebo" (Where Danube kisses the sky) which was later covered by Tanja Banjanin in 1996, and had finished on 9th place out of 24 compositions, soon after releasing her album "Boginja" (Goddess) she became acclaimed pop artist throughout Yugoslavia.
She had a lot of big rock hits, but she also sang Bosnian sevdalinka songs ("Omer beže") and Croatian Christmas songs.
Beside being a top act of the Croatian popular music, she was also highly acclaimed in the former Yugoslav rock scene. She is known for her strong voice and unique sense of fashion.

</doc>
<doc id="19625705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625705" title="Rome Italy Temple">
Rome Italy Temple

The Rome Italy Temple was announced on October 4, 2008, by Thomas S. Monson, president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) during a session of the church's general conference. The temple will likely serve church members in Greece, Cyprus, Albania, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Macedonia, as well as the more than 22,000 Italian church members. The temple is currently under construction, with a groundbreaking ceremony presided over by Monson on October 23, 2010.
History.
On October 4, 2008, Thomas S. Monson announced the plans to build a temple in Rome, Italy. The temple site was purchased by the church during the late 1990s and was originally the site of a home; which was razed during the fall of 2009. In preparation for the construction, and as part of the permit process, all potential building sites in Rome must undergo a search for ancient Roman ruins by digging trenches every 10 to 15 feet apart across the entire property. Following the search for ruins on the temple property, it was announced that none were found, and construction would be permitted. 
The groundbreaking ceremony for the temple was held October 23, 2010, with Thomas S. Monson presiding. Only invited guests were allowed to be at the groundbreaking, but to allow all members to participate the ceremony was rebroadcast to LDS meetinghouses in Italy the following day. Dignitaries at the groundbreaking included Vice Mayor of Rome, Giuseppe Ciardi, Italian senator Lucio Malan, along with Thomas S. Monson, William R. Walker, and Erich W. Kopischke of the LDS Church.
Location.
The temple will occupy part of a LDS Church-owned site near the Grande Raccordo Anulare ring road skirting the northeast section of Rome. This site is located in Rome's Municipality IV along the road "Via di Settebagni".
The temple site will also contain a meetinghouse for regular Sunday worship services, a visitors' center, a Family History Center, and housing for temple patrons, along with landscaped gardens and fountains. The visitors' center will house a copy of Bertel Thorvaldsen's "Christus" statue, as well as copies of his twelve apostle statues found in the Lutheran Church of Our Lady cathedral in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="19625708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625708" title="Learning for a Cause">
Learning for a Cause

Learning for a Cause was a non-profit student press founded in 2003 by Canadian educator and photographer Michael Ernest Sweet. The initiative operated from Lester B. Pearson High School in Montreal until autumn 2010 when it merged into Youth Fusion Quebec.
Learning for a Cause aimed to increase and strengthen the social and moral sensibilities in high school students by providing them with genuine opportunities to engage as citizens. The flagship project of the initiative was the Publishing Program which allowed Canadian high school students to write and publish on "REAL" issues in "REAL" books and thereby inspire "REAL" change in their communities and indeed their world. More than 1000 high school students were published and made authors through this award-winning initiative.
More noted publications include Down to Earth, [http://www.trafford.com/07-2868] a collection of more than 100 high school students writing in response to global warming and environmental destruction. The volume featured guest writers Roberta Bondar and Justin Trudeau. Down to Earth was endorsed by a number of celebrities including Martin Sheen, David Suzuki, Farley Mowat and Marc Garneau. Columbia University Philosopher Maxine Greene has said that the project "is a significant opening to possibility" and legendary Canadian artist Robert Bateman added that "Learning for a Cause is what every young person should be doing." Down to Earth was a finalist in two categories at the 2009 World Indie Book Awards.
Other publications include Raising Humanity, which features introductions by Emmy-award-winning actor Martin Sheen and Canada's First Astronaut Marc Garneau.
The project and its publications have been featured in the "Globe and Mail", "Montreal Gazette" Concordia University's papers The Link and The Journal. Features have also appeared in "34th Parallel Magazine" and "Canadian Teacher". The project and students have also appeared on radio and television on CBC, NPR and CTV on numerous occasions as well as in Canadian Teacher and 34th Parallel Magazines. Again in 2009 both Concordia's The Link Magazine and "The Montreal Gazette" profiled the project and its new publication "Raising Humanity".
Learning for a Cause received a 2006 and 2009 Quebec Entrepreneurial Award and was featured in a Quebec Ministry of Education documentary video. 
In 2009, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper recognized its founder, Michael Ernest Sweet, with a Prime Minister's Award and again in 2012 with the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal for his significant contributions to public education in Canada. 
Youth Fusion Quebec, a non-profit, non-partisan organization that establishes partnerships between high schools and universities, in an effort to counter high school drop-out rates, will continue the publishing project with the Learning for a Cause imprint beginning in 2011–12.

</doc>
<doc id="19625709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625709" title="Aall (Norwegian family)">
Aall (Norwegian family)

Aall is a prominent Norwegian family, originally from Aal in Jutland (Denmark). The family's oldest known ancestor is "Søren Nielsen", who was a peasant in Aal until 1534, when he lost his farm. The family immigrated to Norway in 1714 with Niels Aall the older, who became a merchant and ship-owner in Porsgrunn. The family was part of the Patriciate of Norway from the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19625713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625713" title="Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1984 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
17 crews entered in three heats on August 7. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. The remaining eight teams were relegated to the repechage heats.
Repechages.
Taking place on August 7, the top three competitors in each of the two repechages advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in each of the three semifinals (raced on August 9) advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 11. 

</doc>
<doc id="19625714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625714" title="2004–05 Liga Leumit">
2004–05 Liga Leumit

The 2004–05 Liga Leumit season saw Hapoel Kfar Saba win the title and promotion to the Premier League. Runners-up Maccabi Netanya were also promoted.
Maccabi Ahi Nazareth (who had been relegated from the Premier League the previous season) and Tzafririm Holon were relegated to Liga Artzit.
Final table.
1. One point deducted.
2. Two points deducted.

</doc>
<doc id="19625721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625721" title="Guy Hoffman (baseball)">
Guy Hoffman (baseball)

Guy Alan Hoffman is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in the major leagues from to , chiefly as a reliever. After his major league career, he played three seasons for the Orix BlueWave in Japan from until 

</doc>
<doc id="19625725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625725" title="Jazz At Ronnie Scott's (magazine)">
Jazz At Ronnie Scott's (magazine)

Jazz at Ronnie Scott’s was the house magazine of Ronnie Scott's Club in London's Soho, England. Available as a freesheet, it was published from 1979-2006 (159 issues) and was distributed throughout London to record shops and other locations. 
Founded by Jim Godbolt, who was the magazine's only editor, the 24 page bi-monthly publication included a miscellany of articles, humorous writing, cartoons and photographs dealing with more general jazz issues and reminiscences in addition to publicising the Club's activities.
Its many contributors included: Alan Plater, Steve Race, Bruce Crowther, Wally Fawkes, Terry Brown, Campbell Burnap, Roy Davenport, Brian Davies, Derek Everett, Digby Fairweather, Barry Fox, Charles Fox, Michael Garrick, Mike Gavin, Wally Houser, Alun Morgan, Chris Parker, Jack Pennington, Alain Presencer, Ron Rubin, Jimmy Parsons, Tony Crombie, and Flash Winston.
In 2008 Hampstead Press published Ronnie Scott's Jazz Farrago, a lavishly produced compilation of best features from the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19625734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625734" title="Song to Self">
Song to Self

"Song To Self" is the third and final single from Indie band Travis' sixth studio album, "Ode to J. Smith", released on January 5, 2009. 
Background.
An extended version of Song To Self, which features a middle 8 and an additional chorus, is included on the 7" vinyl pressing. The music video for the song depicts singer Fran Healy emphasising the theme of loneliness in the lyrics of the song. The video received heavy airplay in Mexico, especially on VH1 Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="19625763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625763" title="Italian submarine Ettore Fieramosca">
Italian submarine Ettore Fieramosca

The Ettore Fieramosca was an Italian submarine which served with the Regia Marina in World War II. She was named after Ettore Fieramosca an Italian "condottiero" of the 16th Century.
Design.
This ship was designed by the firm Bernardis and was intended to be a cruiser submarine which carried a seaplane in a waterproof hangar. Several prototype seaplanes were designed but not deployed and the hangar was removed in 1931.
Career.
The ship was built by Tosi. She was laid down in 1926, launched on 15 April 1929 and completed in 1930. She was deployed on operational patrols in 1940 but was found too large to be effective in the Mediterranean Sea. She suffered a battery explosion late in 1940 and was laid up for the remainder of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="19625765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625765" title="Zionist Socialist Workers Party">
Zionist Socialist Workers Party

Zionist Socialist Workers Party (), often referred to simply as 'Zionist-Socialists' or 'S.S.' by their Russian initials, was a Jewish socialist territorialist political party in the Russian Empire and Poland, that emerged from the "Vozrozhdenie" (Renaissance) group in 1904. The party held its founding conference in Odessa in 1905.
In the same year the party sent delegates, among them Nachman Syrkin, to the Basle Seventh Zionist Congress. However, while the mainstream Zionist movement rejected the idea of a Jewish state anywhere but in Eretz Yisrael, the Russian party favoured the idea of a Jewish territorial autonomy, outside of Palestine. Moreover, whilst territorial autonomy was the goal of the party, it dedicated most of its energy into revolutionary activities in Russia. Like other Russian revolutionary groups such as the Narodniks, the party was positive towards using terrorism as a means of struggle against the establishment.
Nachman Syrkin, Jacob Lestschinsky, Volf Latsky-Bartoldi and Shmuel Niger were amongst the leading figures of the party.
The party played an active role in the 1905 revolution.
At the 7th congress of the World Zionist Organization in 1905, the WZO formally rejected the 'Uganda Plan' (a proposal to resettle Jews in East Africa) after sharp debates. In response, the party and other territorialists withdrew from the WZO.
The party grew rapidly, and became the second largest Jewish labour party after the Bund. The party organized 'neutral' trade unions, in opposition to the Bundist unions. In the end of 1906, the party claimed a membership of 27 000. However, after 1906 the influence of the party began to decline sharply. Many leaders went into exile in Western Europe. The central organ of the party was the weekly Yiddish newspaper "Der nayer veg", published from Vilna 1906–1907. The newspaper was closed down by the authorities in 1907.
During the 1907 Stuttgart congress of the Second International, the International Socialist Bureau decided to give a consultative vote to the party at the congress. The decision was, however, overturned a year later.
In 1911 party, the Jewish Socialist Workers Party and Poalei Zion signed a joint appeal to the International Socialist Bureau, asking the International to recognize the national character of the Jewish people.
In 1917 the party merged with the Jewish Socialist Workers Party, forming the United Jewish Socialist Workers Party.

</doc>
<doc id="19625766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19625766" title="St Brendans GAA">
St Brendans GAA

St Brendans GAA is a Gaelic football club with its home ground at Hough End playing fields, Chorlton, Manchester.
St Brendans have achieved success throughout all the age groups and have won Championships at regular intervals at U10s, U12s, U14s U16s & U18s. Many of St Brendans current players have played with club since they were U10s. 2008 saw more success for the underage with the U14s and U16s both been crowned County Champions.
St Brendans celebrate 50 years of the club on 21 March 2009.
Club colours.
The club's colours are maroon and white which are the same as Co Galway, one of Ireland's most successful counties.
Club performance.
The club have won 19 senior championships with the first being won in 1964. Further Championships success followed in 1966 and 1968 before they won 3 in a row from 1970-72. Four years without a championship left the club hungry for success and a period of unprecedented domination occurred. The 1976 Championship was followed by another 3 in a row in 1978-80. A four in row followed in 1983-86. St Brendans were beaten in the Championship final in 1987 but were winners again in 1988-91. In 1996 St Brendans won their 19th championship.
Club honours.
1964: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1966: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1968: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1970: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1971: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1972: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1976: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1978: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1879: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1980: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1983: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1984: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1985: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1986: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1988: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1989: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1990: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1991: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners
1996: Lancashire Senior Championship Winners

</doc>
