<doc id="19712958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19712958" title="Parliamentwatch">
Parliamentwatch

Parliamentwatch (abgeordnetenwatch.de) is an Internet portal that allows German citizens to question their representatives in the German parliament (the Bundestag) publicly. The independent, nonpartisan site aims to increase transparency in government and deepen German democracy. Questions and answers are published, as well as the voting records of the deputies. Users of the site can contact representatives of the Bundestag and German deputies of the European Parliament. The sister project Candidatewatch (kandidatenwatch.de) offers similar communication with candidates for German federal and state elections.
abgeordnetenwatch.de.
abgeordnetenwatch.de is a non-profit project of Parlamentwatch GmbH,
and is run in cooperation with BonVenture
and the clubs Mehr Demokratie e.V. ("More Democracy") and Mehr Bürgerrechte ("More Citizens Rights"). The long-term goal is to finance both projects through fund-raising groups and online advertisements that can be hidden on demand.
Additional income comes from selling enhanced profiles to deputies and candidates.
Parlament GmbH is obliged to donate any excess funds to charitable organizations serving the public good. This commitment is defined in the organization's statutes.
Moderation.
All questions are read by a team of moderators to make sure they are within the moderation code, which prohibits insulting statements, incitement, discrimination, questions concerning private life, and requests that are bound to discretion.
Questions that violate the code are not activated and published, but the politician is informed about the incident. Beyond that, the project is strongly committed to neutrality and stays above party politics. In addition to general information about deputies, their voting behavior in issues that attract special public attention is documented.
The deputies of the Hamburger Bürgerschaft ("Hamburg Parliament") are already called "glassy" deputies.
Statistics.
According to the site operators, 15,000 questions were posed on the site between December 2006 and August 2007, out of which 12,000—or 80 percent—were answered. Every day 10,000 visitors access the site.
Media partnerships.
The project has several media partnerships:
Awards.
In 2005, the project was nominated for the Adolf-Grimme-Award and in 2007 it reached the final round.
"Landesparlamente".
Due to "abgeordnetenwatch"'s success in the German Bundestag, fundraising groups were established in August 2007 in order to make the site available for Germany's 16 "Landesparlamente" ("states"). Donations and sustaining members in each state enable the implementation of the project on the state level; each state's portal is activated once 90 days' advance financing is accrued.
Hamburgische Bürgerschaft.
abgeordnetenwatch.de is based in Hamburg; the project started in December 2004 for the Hamburgische Bürgerschaft ("Hamburg Parliament") after a successful referendum to reform and democratize the electoral system. The online dialog on abgeordnetenwatch.de enabled the citizens to get to know their politicians better and make a more qualified decision in the elections. After the election, the site made it possible to ask questions of members of Hamburg's "Bezirksversammlungen" ("Diets of the borough").
After the establishment of the city parliament that was elected in February 2008, the project was temporarily stopped until enough funding was provided. It was no longer possible to administer abgeordnetenwatch.de on a volunteer basis.
kandidatenwatch.de.
The Parliamentwatch sister project kandidatenwatch.de ("Candidatewatch") enables German citizens to get in touch with candidates for federal and state elections. In the 2005 federal elections, it was possible to ask questions of all the candidates in electoral districts having direct elections. In addition, the site provided an overview of the platforms of all political parties that had direct candidates running for office.
Controversy.
During the 2007 election campaigns in the German states of Rheinland-Pfalz, Baden-Württemberg, Saxony-Anhalt, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Berlin, and Bremen, it was also possible to question the candidates.
In Bremen, candidates of the Social Democratic Party ("Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands", SPD) and The Left ("Die Linke") launched a boycott against the project because right-wing candidates had not been excluded.
However, the boycott was interrupted by Social Democrat Helga Ziegert, and Joachim Weihrauch from The Left enhanced his Parliamentwatch profile during the election.
Profile enhancements.
The site publishes basic information about each candidate at no cost. For a €100 ($127) fee, candidates can add a photo and web link, announce specific dates and events regarding election campaigns, and publish a résumé of their political work and goals.
The proceeds from profile enhancements contribute to the project's budget.
Austria.
In August 2008, the project was also implemented in Austria to increase the transparency of its representative democracy. The long-term goal is to further spread the idea and port the concept to other countries in order to strengthen democracy.

</doc>
<doc id="19712963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19712963" title="John Gough Nichols">
John Gough Nichols

John Gough Nichols (1806–1873) was an English printer and antiquary, the third generation in a family publishing business with strong connection to learned antiquarianism.
Life.
The eldest son of John Bowyer Nichols, he was born at his father's house in Red Lion Passage, Fleet Street, London, on 22 May 1806. Richard Gough was his godfather. He went to a school kept by a Miss Roper at Islington, where, in 1811, Benjamin Disraeli, his senior by eighteen months, was a schoolfellow. From 1814 to 1816 he was educated by Thomas Waite at Lewisham grammar school, and in January 1817 he was placed at Merchant Taylors' School.
In 1824 Nichols left school for the counting-house in the printing offices of his father and grandfather. In 1830 he visited Robert Surtees in Durham, and made a Scottish tour. On the foundation of the Surtees Society in 1834 he was elected one of the treasurers. In 1835 he became a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and was later its printer. The following year he was chosen a member of the committee of the Royal Literary Fund. He was one of the founders of the Camden Society (1838), and edited many of its publications; in 1862 he printed a "Descriptive Catalogue" of the 86 volumes then issued. 
In 1841 Nichols made an antiquarian tour on the continent. He was an original member of the Archæological Institute (1844).
Nichols died at his house, Holmwood Park, near Dorking, Surrey, after a short illness, on 14 November 1873, aged 67.
Works.
Nichols at an early kept antiquarian journals and copied inscriptions and epitaphs. He went with his father to the meetings of the Royal Society and Society of Antiquaries, and corresponded with Isaac D'Israeli. His first literary work was on the "Progresses of James I" of his grandfather John Nichols, which he completed in 1828. 
Nichols superintended a new edition of John Hutchins's "History of Dorset", undertaken by William Shipp in 1860. In 1870 he undertook to edit a new edition of Thomas Dunham Whitaker's "Whalley", of which the first volume appeared in 1871.
His works included:
Nichols contributed articles to the "Archæologia of the Society of Antiquaries", 1831–73, vols. xxiii–xliv.; the "Journal" of the Archæological Institute, 1845–51; the "Transactions of the London and Middlesex Archæological Association", vols. i–iv.; and the "Collections of the Surrey Archæological Society", vols. iii. and vi. He edited: "The Gentleman's Magazine", new ser. 1851–6, vols. xxxvi–xlv.; "Collectanea Topographica et Genealogica", 1834–43, 8 vols.; "The Topographer and Genealogist", 1846–58, 3 vols.; "The Herald and Genealogist", 1863–74, 8 vols. In the "Gentleman's Magazine", besides contributing essays, he compiled the obituary notices. In 1856 ill-health compelled him to resign its editorship, and it was transferred to John Henry Parker for a nominal consideration. A replacement was the "Herald and Genealogist", of which the first volume appeared under his editorship in 1862. His interest in obituary-writing led him to found the short-lived "Register and Magazine of Biography" in 1869.
Family.
Nichols married, on 22 July 1843, Lucy, eldest daughter of Frederick Lewis, commander R.N., and had one son, John Bruce Nichols (b. 1848), and two daughters. The son's name was added in 1873 to those of his father and uncle as printers of the "Votes and Proceedings of the House of Commons". A portrait of Nichols at the age of twenty-four is contained in a family group in water-colours, by Daniel Maclise (1830). A medallion, representing him and his wife, by Leonard Charles Wyon, was struck in commemoration of their silver wedding in 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19712968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19712968" title="Kwandang">
Kwandang

Kwandang is a town in Indonesia and the regency seat of The Regency of North Gorontalo

</doc>
<doc id="19712974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19712974" title="Yeşilöz, Alanya">
Yeşilöz, Alanya

Yeşilöz is a beach resort village located in Turkey, part of the seaside resort of Alanya on the south Mediterranean coast, in Antalya Province. Yeşilöz has a large sandy beach that stretches for about 3 km. There are several small shops, a variety of restaurants, a barber, 2 hotels and some of Turkey's most exclusive private Villas.
Situated on the coast road between the Alanya town center and Antalya Gazipaşa Airport, the village also has a regular bus service. The buses run every 15 minutes and are available from early morning until late night. The road is dotted with fish restaurants, hotels, and shops. Many of the restaurants along the beach have private sections of the beaches reserved for guests.
Yeşilöz is about 15 minutes from Gazipaşa going south and 15 minutes from Alanya going north. The new international airport, Gazipaşa Airport, is 15 minutes from Yeşilöz.
There are major development plans for a golf course above Yeşilöz.
The Taurus Mountains behind the village are the source of the river that flows into the sea, and the mountains are covered with trees planted by the Turkish government. The main economic activities are farming and tourism, and the village is in a protected development area which has restricted all developments to single villas.
Yeşilöz is one of the destinations of the boat trips from Alanya's harbour, with boats anchoring in the inlets and coves up the coast towards Gazipaşa.

</doc>
<doc id="19713005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713005" title="List of World Cup records in swimming">
List of World Cup records in swimming

Below is a list of current World Cup records in swimming claimed at the annual series of swimming meets run by the International Swimming Federation (FINA). The events are always held in a short course (25 m) pool, with the last series of events completed on November 16, 2008 in Berlin, Germany. Records are updated to the end of the third leg of the 2009 World Cup series held in Stockholm, Sweden on 10–11 November.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Gallery.
Some of the current World Cup record holders:

</doc>
<doc id="19713006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713006" title="SilverFast">
SilverFast

SilverFast is the name of a family of software for image scanning and processing, including photos, documents and slides, developed by LaserSoft Imaging.
History.
SilverFast was introduced in 1995, Version 3.0 was finished in December 1996, and version 6.6 came out in May 2008. It is the only software supporting the Heidelberg scanner on Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Vista and 7. Some scanner manufacturers bundle their hardware with SilverFast. The European Digital Press Association named SilverFast the "Best colour management software of the year 2008" for improving the dynamic range of most scanners and for creating ICC profiles automatically. In 2011 version 8 was introduced, and HDR imaging software followed in 2012.
Products.
optional: 1)Multi-Exposure, 2)ICC Printer Calibration, 3)PhotoProof, 4)ColorServer
SilverFast.
It can be used as a stand-alone application, as a Photoshop plug-in, or as a universal TWAIN module. Versions include:
SilverFast DC.
SilverFast DC is a stand-alone software solution for digital camera image processing. It contains features for reading the image data from the camera, for processing, optimizing, and archiving the images on the computer, as well as for printing the edited images.
All DC versions include a virtual light table for organizing, managing, and manipulating the images (for example color temperature regulation, exposure adjustment, and red-eye correction). The user can create photo archives and albums, add comments to images, generate contact sheets of the complete view port, and produce or print single pictures in high resolution and in variable sizes.
SilverFast DC Pro has the functionality of the scanner-software SilverFast Ai for digital images. Supported are the standard image formats such as JPEG and TIFF, and unprocessed raw image format. The access to the raw data permits manual color correction or sharpening instead of using the camera's automatic adjustment, which often does not work perfectly. SilverFast DC supports Adobe DNG and many camera models, some optimized by special camera profiles. With the included IT8-target, individual ICC profiles can be self-made for every camera.
SilverFast DC Pro also has automated color optimization AACO, support for JPEG 2000, unsharpmasking USMPlus, CloneTool, and an improved PrinTao module with text and layout functions.
SilverFast HDR.
SilverFast HDR (high dynamic range) is a computer program for processing 48-bit raw images. Many newer scanners are able to output the image directly with all existing data instead of breaking it down to 24-bit. This 48-bit raw image can be saved immediately and digital processing performed later.
SilverFast HDR contains the functionality of SilverFast Ai for 48-bit raw data, such as defining output size and resolution, auto-adjusting of highlights and shadows, three-part histogram, gradation curves, selective color correction, unsharp masking, color cast removal slider, color separation, and CMYK-preview. SilverFast HDR can be used as a native plug-in for Adobe Photoshop, as a universal TWAIN module, or as a stand-alone application.
The HDR Studio has AACO (Auto-Adaptive Contrast Optimization), JPEG 2000, USMPlus (Unsharp Mask Plus), CloneTool and PrinTao.
HDRi (64Bit RAW data with infrared channel).
With version 6.6.1 any SilverFast HDR version supports the RAW data format HDRi. These 64-bit HDRi color files and 32-bit HDRi greyscale files contain additional 16-bit infrared RAW data besides the 48-bit color RAW data and 16-bit greyscale RAW data respectively. Therefore, a scanner with an infrared channel available to the software is necessary. This RAW format can keep any readable image information for later post-processing.
SilverFast Archive Suite.
The SilverFast Archive Suite includes SilverFast Ai IT8 and SilverFast HDR Studio with an integrated color management system. This package is suitable for archiving slides, negatives, and photos, whereas the post processing can take place anytime after scanning.
SilverFast PrintTao.
PrinTao is a software for printing images and documents. Templates can be used to make workflow easier and faster by reducing similar and repetitive worksteps. PrinTao has predefined templates to which the user can add self-made ones.
Other features:
The PrinTao module is already included in the SilverFast Ai / DC / HDR Studio versions.
Optional features.
As marked in the table above, some products are available with \additional features:
Multi-Exposure (ME).
"Multi-Exposure" is an exposure blending technique for scanning transparent originals like slides, negatives, and film strips with increased dynamic range. This is accomplished by scanning the original multiple times with different exposure times, increasing the dynamic range and preserving detail in the light and shadow areas of the image. Multi-Exposure does not work with reflective originals and differs from "Multi-Sampling," which also scans multiple times but with unaltered exposure.
PhotoProof.
PhotoProof is a tool for color-true and binding processing of images from digital cameras. The image optimization is done in the RGB color space. When activating PhotoProof, the user immediately sees a CMYK simulation of the image by means of RGB softproofing on the calibrated monitor. Thereafter a color-true contact proof can be created on any suitable, calibrated output device. The embedded media wedge is used as a reference for a true-to-color proof.
ColorServer.
ColorServer executes the processes of color conversion, scaling, sharpening, separation, and optimization of image data automatically (even batch processing) in the 48-bit color space. JPEG 2000 allows a compression ratio of 10:1 without any visible loss of image quality.
IT8 calibration.
The process chain (original - scanner / digital camera - monitor - printer) requires device calibration for accurate color reproduction. IT8 calibration runs automatically in SilverFast, using a combination of barcode technology and auto-alignment. SilverFast also utilizes the scanner as a measuring device to create an ICC profile for printer calibration.
Supported devices.
SilverFast supports 325 scanners and 214 supported digital cameras.
Microsoft Windows-only 35mm USB scanners sold under various names are generally not supported. Each scanner model requires a separate license.
Heidelberg drum scanner.
SilverFast Ai Studio supports prepress drum scanners made by Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG (Linotype - Hell) on Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, Vista and 7, as well as Mac OS X 10.3-10.5 operating systems. Supported models include the Chromagraph 3300/3400, Tango/XL, Topaz, Nexscan, and Primescan.

</doc>
<doc id="19713015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713015" title="Waltham Forest College">
Waltham Forest College

Waltham Forest College (South West Essex Technical College) located in Walthamstow, North-East London, England, enrolls around 10,000+ students (14-19 year olds and adults) per year. 
About.
Waltham Forest College is located at Walthamstow, North-East London, England which means it is a foreign college. It was founded in 1938. Waltham has many courses that you can take like hair and beauty care, business, management and accounting, catering and hospitality, childcare, health and social care, computing and information technology (ICT), construction and electrical installation, access to higher education diplomas, art and design fashion, automotive engineering, English as a foreign language (EFL), English for speakers of other languages (ESOL), Foundation courses, life and work skills, public services, sport studies, teacher training and professional development, and travel and tourism. Waltham aims to provide guidance onselecting your courses, teaching staff who are appropriately qualified, lessons that are well prepared, regular opinions and comments on the work set, assessment and records of your progress, guidance on how your achievements will be recognized, learning support to help provide help with language, maths and study skills, relevant work experience, and other learning opportunities including study workshops and flexible learning cent.

</doc>
<doc id="19713021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713021" title="2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games">
2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games

The first Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games, which is also counted as the 4th Asian Indoor Games and designated as AIGs 4 was held in Incheon, South Korea, from 29 June to 6 July 2013, despite the ongoing 2013 Korean crisis. It was initially slated for Doha, Qatar, after the country cancelled the last edition of Asian Indoor Games in 2011. However, Incheon was chosen as a replacement instead by the OCA. This event also acted as a test event and a prelude to the 2014 Asian Games.
Venues.
Nine different venues were used for these Games:
Participating nations.
All 45 member countries of the Olympic Council of Asia were invited to compete at these Games. However, 43 OCA countries took part in this edition. North Korea and Timor-Leste declined to send their athletes to these Games. Indian athletes participated the Games under the Olympic flag because the Indian Olympic Association was suspended.
Sports.
A total of 12 sports were approved for the 2013 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713030" title="Sonana Khetlaji">
Sonana Khetlaji

Shri Sonana Khetlaji (सोनाणा खेतलाजी) is a temple of Shri Khetlaji located in the village Sonana of Desuri tehsil of Pali district in Indian state of Rajasthan. Template located in Sonana is an old temple from where Shri Sonana Khetlaji has moved village near by name Sarangwas.
Shri Sonana Khetlaji was founded approximately 800 years ago; this temple is Jagir of local Brahmins Rajpurohit. Kind ruling this village has write off this temple to the local Brahmins to do chants and pooja everyday.
Every year on Chaitra Sudi ekam (according to Vikram Samvat), a large fair is organised for two days. Since this fair is organised after Holi festival a large number of Holi dancers attend in conventional and fancy dresses. More than one lakh devotees participate. The most devout come barefoot from their native places in order to receive the great blessing. They travel from 15KM to 200KM moving in groups(Sangh) for 2 to 10 days barefoot.
There is even a cycle yatri coming from a long distance of 2500KM from chennai, coimbatore, Hosur(Tamil Nadu to Rajasthan) covering on cycle for a month (30days) On the occasion of Mela
Since Khetlaji is folk-deity (Lok-devta) of many castes and communities in Marwar area, many people come here after their marriage and childbirth to give thanks to the God. Thanksgiving ceremony starts only after Aarti of deity which takes place between 8:30 am to 9:00 am. The necessary commodities for giving thanks are available at stalls outside the temple.
Temple is large bound and has carries three aarthi(vishash pooja) for Sri sonana Khetlaji i.e., 8am in morning,6.30pm in evening and 12am midnight.It is witnessed that attending this aarthi carries biggest blessing.
Coordinates: 25°17'55"N 73°29'30"E. You can reach this place from Sadri when you come via Ranakpur or from Charbhuja when you come via Udaipur/Shreenathji/Gomti Chowk.
You can stay at Junidham or Navidham dharmashalas at Khetlaji. In addition to non AC rooms, Junidham Dharmashala is also equipped with 4-5 AC rooms while there is only 1 AC room available at Navidham Dharmashala. Bhojan Shala at Junidham is open till 10pm.

</doc>
<doc id="19713034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713034" title="XKO">
XKO

XKO may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19713041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713041" title="Flete House">
Flete House

Flete House is a Grade I listed country house at Holbeton, in the South Hams district of Devon, England.
Flete was a Saxon estate, the manor being held by the Damarell family from the reign of William I until the time of Edward III.
The earliest part of the house dates from the sixteenth century, and was substantially rebuilt around 1620 for Sir Charles Hele. The Hele family held the house until 1716, when the estate passed to the Bulteels. Additions were made to the house in both the early and the late eighteenth century. The house was heavily remodelled in the Gothic style in 1835 by J. C. Bulteel, which obliterated the early and late eighteenth century classical work and added castellations.
In 1878 the architect Richard Norman Shaw undertook extensive building works for Henry Bingham Mildmay, remodelling and extending the house, while retaining the sixteenth/seventeenth-century house to the south-west.
Flete House was used by the City of Plymouth as a maternity hospital during and after the Second World War. At the time the Second World War broke out, the estate was in the hands of Lieutenant-Colonel, the Lord Mildmay of Flete. The first baby to be born at Flete arrived on Monday July 14, 1941, and by the end of 1941 there had been a further 124 births. Lord Mildmay remained in residence at the House until his death in 1947 and was apparently often seen in the wards. Dave Hill of the pop group Slade was one of the babies born at the House.
The hospital closed on 8 May 1958, less than a month after the last baby was born there. Flete House was returned to the Mildmay family in 1959.
More recently, the House was leased from the Flete Estate by the Country Houses Association until it went into liquidation in 2003. Flete House is now leased by Audley Court Ltd. and is part of a retirement community run by them.
In 1979 Flete House was used as the location for the BBC series "Penmarric", the house represented the house of the title.

</doc>
<doc id="19713044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713044" title="Jean-Baptiste Yakassongo">
Jean-Baptiste Yakassongo

Jean-Baptiste N'Goy Yakassongo (born 20 March 1989) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Bulgarian A Professional Football Group club Lokomotiv Sofia. Born in Kinshasa, he made one appearance in the Belgian First Division for Mouscron.

</doc>
<doc id="19713046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713046" title="Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke">
Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke

Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke (MS Danish Association for International Co-operation) is a Danish, politically independent humanitarian non-governmental organisation that struggles for a fairer world. The organisation works for increased understanding and solidarity between the peoples of the world, as well as promoting global development based on the sustainable use and just distribution of wealth and resources. 
MS started as Fredsvenners Hjælpearbejde in 1944. In 1946 the organisation changed its name to Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke, and in 1974 it adopted open membership. Currently, MS has more than 8000 individual members, as well as approximately 100 member-organisations. 
Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke cooperates with more than 100 local partners in Latin America, Eastern Africa and Nepal, and maintains local offices in many of the countries (e.g. MS Tanzania, MS Nepal, etc.). Via its volunteer programme Global Contact, it sends more than 500 volunteers abroad annually, to support local development work.
In 1994 association with the Irish Kimmage Development Studies Centre, the MS Training
Centre for Development Cooperation(MS-TCDC) began running of a Certificate in Community Development course, in Arusha, Tanzania. In 2001 as part of the partnership with, Kimmage DSC a Diploma in Development Studies was offered, which in 2004 became the Level 7 BA Degree in Development Studies, which is validated by the Irish governments Higher Education and Training Awards Council(HETAC). The course is recognised by the Tanzanian governments National Council for Technical Education(NACTE).
In recent years, Mellemfolkeligt Samvirke has strengthened its public profile by arranging public debates, festivals and an annual door-to-door collection of contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="19713049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713049" title="HMS Begonia">
HMS Begonia

Two vessels of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Begonia" after the flower.

</doc>
<doc id="19713050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713050" title="Brush-tailed mulgara">
Brush-tailed mulgara

The brush-tailed mulgara ("Dasycercus blythi" or "Dasycercus hillieri") is a large carnivorous Australian marsupial species. Its body mass is over 100grams, with males being slightly larger than females. Their body length is 15 cm, and tail length is 9 cm.
The taxonomy of the mulgaras has been confusing but as of 2005/06 two species are recognized: this species and the crest-tailed mulgara.
Physical appearance.
Members of the Dasycercus genus have a body mass of over 100g, a length of 15 cm and tail length of 9 cm. Males are typically much larger than females. The tail is “of moderate length, shorter than the head and body, incrassated (thickened); the proximal two-fifths covered with short still yellow hairs, the remainder with gradually lengthening black hairs that do not however form a crest. The whole of the lower surface is black, with the exception of a small proximal portion which is yellow.” The upper portion of fur appears sandy and speckled with brown while the basal portion appears as a dark grey. The entirety of the underbelly, inner side of the limbs and lining of the pouch are pure white. Dentition shows two premolar teeth in both the upper and lower jaw, with the first observed as smaller than the second in the upper jaw. One feature that distinguishes "D. blythi" from other species of Dasycercus as observed in specimens is a gap between the second premolar and first molar.
Habitat.
"D. blythi" is widely distributed, having been observed during different expeditions in the north-western, central and south-western areas of the arid zone of Australia. While once widespread and common throughout the central deserts of Australia, there has been an observed decline during the 1930s, resulting in a more fragmented distribution than previously observed. Considering the sedentary behavior of "D. blythi", their spinifex habitat is considered unusual, as it provides a less stable environment that is prone to things like fire. From this, it is concluded that mulgaras exploit a larger variety of food sources to provide a stable caloric intake. The size of the home range varies, growing largest during the mating period. The recent reclassification of "D. blythi" as a unique species will require reevaluation of previous data collected about the population distributions of the Dasycercus family.
Diet.
"D. blythi" has a large variety in diet, consisting of different types of reptiles, invertebrates and even small mammals.
Population dynamics.
Populations often occur as scattered with relatively low population density while still being locally abundant. Populations of "D. blythi" are unique in that they are sedentary populations rather than highly mobile, something often observed in smaller dasyurid species, whose group movements can range up to several kilometers. Populations decline consistently during the winter and spring. This could be due to decreased food during the winter season, reducing available food for potentially pregnant females who would need to feed their young, along with reduction of available males due to aggressive competition for access to females earlier in the year. Notably, dramatic increases in population are observed after large rainfall events, which are thought to come from "D. blthi"'s competition with small rodent population explosions following such events. Young female mothers have been observed to remain near the location of their birth, while young males often spread out, reducing competition for food, increasing opportunities to breed and avoid potential inbreeding. Once males find a home range, they become sedentary due to increased fitness by remaining in a familiar area rather than moving to new, uncharted territory.
Reproduction.
"D. blythi" breeds seasonally, producing only one litter a year with litters reproducing the year following their birth. This reproductive strategy is different from that of other dasyurids, which often birth multiple litters a year to balance unpredictable reproductive conditions. It is thought that monoestry arises from increased access to larger and more reliably available prey, such as small mammals and birds, which are inaccessible by smaller dasyurids. Unlike other dasyurids, males do not die after breeding. Studies suggest that the onset of breeding occurs by the timing of the female oestrus, as males were observed to be in proper conditions to reproduce for about a month prior to the occurrence of breeding. Gestation ranges from 30 to 48 days, being extended by factors such as scarce food resources, low temperatures and frequency of torpor. After birth, the young suckle between 12 and 15 weeks by hanging below the female's body due to a reduced pouch that is a pair of lateral flaps. A maximum of six young have been found in the pouches of collected specimens. The sex ratio in litters is 1:1 and while offspring may survive more than one mating season, only a small proportion of the population survive into a third year. In captivity, up to a 5 year lifespan has been observed.
Behavior.
"D. blythi" digs deep burrows, providing protection from the extremes of climate and potentially the predation by introduced European species to which other small and medium-sized desert mammals often fall prey. Burrows have been observed to be about 0.5 meters deep and sometimes are shared by up to five. Certain populations see about half of the burrows used by an individual only once, while others were used over long periods of time, repeatedly. While these burrows provide some protection from environmental temperature and the risk of dehydration, the sandy soil diffuses heat easily, limiting the burrow’s effectiveness for thermal buffering.
Torpor is often employed by ‘’D. blythi’’, entering torpor at night until midday. This practice is not abandoned during reproduction even with the associated energy costs. Its benefit is felt both in summer and winter seasons, as torpor allows for reduction of endogenous heat production and maintenance of energy spent to be below basal metabolic rate.
Conservation status.
Numbers within the "D. blythi" population fluctuate greatly in accordance with climate conditions, which make population estimates difficult to establish, thus creating difficulty in tracking population trends. Historical confusion with classifications between "D. cristicauda" and "D. blythi" add another layer of complexity. The cause of decline in the "D. blythi" population is unknown and threatening processes have not been able to be confirmed; potential threats include changes in fire regimes, grazing by introduced herbivores such as cattle and rabbits and predation by introduced predators from European settlement. Another hypothesis is that environmental damage has had a negative impact on the "mulgara" population. In order to provide further protection and future proliferation, animals surveys using targeted trapping and patch burning programs are used to create an ideal habitat. Fire does not have a negative impact on population as long as 15% cover is maintained.
Care for the "mulgara" habitat, especially with controlled burns, should employ a fire regime that burns a mosaic of land with no particular piece of land being burnt more often than three to five years. This will provide a fire regime that leaves the necessary 15% cover intact for successful species proliferation.

</doc>
<doc id="19713054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713054" title="Yamato Life">
Yamato Life

The () was a life-insurance company in Japan. Yamato's headquarters were in Uchisaiwaichō, Chiyoda, Tokyo. It was founded on September 20, 1889, and was capitalized at ¥12,086,963,000. It has policies valued at ¥34,500,000,000.
The company filed for bankruptcy on October 10, 2008 after the global financial crisis significantly devalued its assets particularly mortgages in Nevada. Its assets would later be acquired by the American-based insurance company Prudential Financial.

</doc>
<doc id="19713063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713063" title="Varius">
Varius

Varius is a Latin word meaning "diverse, different, changeable; various, variegated" and may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19713067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713067" title="2003 South African floor-crossing window period">
2003 South African floor-crossing window period

The 2003 floor crossing window period in South Africa was a period of 15 days, from 21 March to 4 April 2003, in which members of the National Assembly and the provincial legislatures were able to cross the floor from one political party to another without giving up their seats. The period was authorised by the passage of the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution of South Africa. The amendment scheduled regular window periods in the second and fourth September after each election, but the second and fourth Septembers after the 1999 election had already passed, so it included provision for a special window period starting fifteen days after the amendment came into effect.
In the National Assembly, the floor-crossing expanded the African National Congress' (ANC) representation from 266 seats, one short of the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution, to 275 seats. In the KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Legislature, the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) and the ANC were before the window period the largest and second-largest parties respectively. As a result of the floor-crossing, they changed places; however, the ANC did not attain an absolute majority, holding 35 seats of 80. In the Western Cape Provincial Parliament the ANC expanded its representation to an absolute majority, growing from 18 to 22 seats of a total 42.
During this window period representatives of the Democratic Party (DP) officially became representatives of the Democratic Alliance (DA). Amongst a group of new parties created by floor-crossing, the most significant was the Independent Democrats, who gained one member in the National Assembly and one in the Gauteng Provincial Legislature.
The tables below show all the changes; in those provinces not listed there was no change in the provincial legislature, other than the DP becoming the DA.
Tables.
National Assembly.
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!Seats before
!Net change
!Seats after
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Total
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center"|400
Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature.
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!Seats before
!Net change
!Seats after
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Total
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center"|63
Gauteng Provincial Legislature.
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!Seats before
!Net change
!Seats after
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Total
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center"|73
KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Legislature.
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!Seats before
!Net change
!Seats after
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Total
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center"|80
Western Cape Provincial Parliament.
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!Seats before
!Net change
!Seats after
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Total
!colspan="3" style="text-align:center"|42
National Council of Provinces.
The National Council of Provinces was reconstituted as a result of the changes in the provincial legislatures. Its reconstituted makeup was as follows:
!colspan="2" style="text-align:left"|Party
!style="text-align:left"|Delegate type
!EC
!FS
!G
!KZN
!M
!NW
!NC
!NP
!WC
!colspan=2|"Total"
!colspan="3" style="text-align:left"|Total
!10
!10
!10
!10
!10
!10
!10
!10
!10
!colspan=2|"90"

</doc>
<doc id="19713070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713070" title="1929 Australian Grand Prix">
1929 Australian Grand Prix

The 1929 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at Phillip Island on 18 March 1929. The race had 28 entrants and 22 starters.
It was the second Australian Grand Prix held at Phillip Island.
Classification.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19713082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713082" title="HMS Cambridge (1956)">
HMS Cambridge (1956)

HMS "Cambridge" was a Royal Navy shore establishment south of Plymouth UK, commissioned between 1956 to 2001. Formerly named HM Gunnery School, Devonport, then Cambridge Gunnery School at Wembury.
The site was called HMS "Cambridge" after a ship of the same name an 80-gun third-rate ship of the line that was used to train seamen in gunnery in Plymouth harbour from 1856. She was replaced by the first rate HMS "Windsor Castle" (renamed HMS "Cambridge") in 1869 before the gunnery school was moved onto land at the Plymouth naval barracks in 1907. This lasted until 1940 when a gunnery range used the army and navy was opened at the old Wembury Point Holiday Camp (on the present site) which was named the Cambridge Gunnery School. In 1956 the school was commissioned as an independent shore establishment and was decommissioned on 30 March 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19713093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713093" title="Al Bawaba">
Al Bawaba

Al Bawaba (البوابة, Arabic for "the portal" or "the gate") is a news, blogging and media website headquartered in Amman, Jordan with an office in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. "Al Bawaba" publishes news stories related to the Middle East. It has separate English and Arabic sections. It publishes the Mena Report, which covers the Arabic world.

</doc>
<doc id="19713097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713097" title="Currumbin Alley">
Currumbin Alley

Currumbin Alley is a surf break at Currumbin on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. On days when the surf everywhere else is flat or very small, The Alley is often a crowded longboard wave. The Alley is one of the more famous breaks on the Gold Coast along with Superbank and Burleigh Heads among others. Waves wrap around the point and towards the creek. It is exposed to perfect beginners conditions towards the creek and some epic right-handers towards the point. There's also a great wave just across the channel called Lacey's Lane. The Alley marks the mouth of Currumbin Creek.
Getting there.
Drive along the Gold Coast Highway, north from Tugun and south from Palm Beach. You Should reach Currumbin Bridge. When approaching from the north, drive over the bridge and turn off the highway, heading towards the beach. The Alley is in between the rock wall and the Rocks. When approaching from the south drive along Currumbin Beach until you reach the creek mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19713104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713104" title="Geoffrey Martin (footballer)">
Geoffrey Martin (footballer)

Geoffrey Bernard "Paddy" Martin (born 16 July 1927 in Launceston) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania with Launceston, Sandy Bay, Ulverstone and Burnie. He is a half back flanker in Launceston's official 'Team of the Century' and in 2005 was inducted into Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame as a coaching legend. Martin also once represented Tasmania at first-class cricket.
When he debuted for Launceston in 1946, Martin made an immediate impression as he was selected that year to play with the Northern Tasmanian Football Association's representative team. The following season he crossed to Sandy Bay but returned to Launceston in 1948 where he stayed until 1954, despite getting an offer to go to Victorian Football League club Melbourne. In 1951 he appeared with the Tasmanian interstate side for the first time and also appeared for his state at the 1953 Adelaide Carnival. After 116 games at Launceston, he joined Ulverstone and participated in three premierships. He also won Ulverstone's 'best and fairest' in 1955. His next port of call was as playing-coach of Burnie and he steered them to successive premierships from 1958 to 1960. For the next six years he was the non playing coach of the North West Football Union's representative team for intrastate games. He coached Devonport in a non-playing capacity in 1970 and 1971. 
Martin came from a strong cricketing family. His father, also named Geoffrey, was a decent batsman for Tasmania for over a decade while his uncle Gordon represented Queensland at cricket. Martin himself also made an appearance in a first-class cricket match for Tasmania, against Victoria at the North Tasmania Cricket Association Ground in Launceston during the 1950/51 season. He batted at seven in both innings but could only manage four and a duck, dismissed by Thomas Perrin on each occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="19713112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713112" title="Grevillea hookeriana">
Grevillea hookeriana

Grevillea hookeriana (Red Toothbrushes or Hooker's Grevillea) is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae. It is endemic to the south west region of Western Australia.
It usually grows to between 0.5 and 2.5 metres in height and 4 metres wide. Yellow, red or black "toothbrush" flowers are produced between May and November.
The species was formally described by botanist Carl Meissner in "Plantae Preissianae" in 1845.
Three subspecies are currently recognised:
Cultivation.
A cultivar known as "G".'Red Hooks' (often erroneously referred to as "G. hookeriana" or "G. hookerana") has been in cultivation for many years. It is a hybrid of "G. hookeriana" and ""G. tetragonoloba".
"G. hookeriana" is comparatively rare in cultivation, and less vigorous than the cultivar. It is best suited to a climate where the summers are dry.
It requires good drainage and prefers a sunny or partially shaded position and has moderate frost resistance. Propagation is from semi-mature cuttings or seed.

</doc>
<doc id="19713135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713135" title="British Military Fitness">
British Military Fitness

British Military Fitness, or BMF, is an organisation providing fitness classes in over fifty public parks across the United Kingdom. The classes are run by former or serving members of the British armed forces with recognised fitness training qualifications.
History.
British Military Fitness (BMF) was founded in 1999 by retired Major Robin Cope as an alternative to gyms for fitness training. He felt that an added emphasis should be made on providing motivation which was lacking in the majority of those who work out in gyms. The first-ever BMF class attracted just three clients – two nurses, and a wannabe commando who turned up in his own uniform. Today, the business boasts more than 25,000 members attending more than 120 parks covering the length and breadth of the country.
Format.
Each lesson lasts approximately sixty minutes, and, in order to cater for all abilities, classes are broken up into three ability groups indicated by the wearing of coloured bibs: blue for beginners, red for intermediates and green for advanced. 
The first ten minutes of a class are spent warming up, before fifty minutes of intense fitness exercises, which can vary from circuit training, relays, sprints, military activities and team games. The class is punctuated by a quick water break at the midpoint and ends with a five minute cool-down and stretching session. 
Unlike the controlled environment of a gym, lessons vary from class to class with instructors making full use of the surrounding features of the park. Alongside the military fitness classes, BMF also offers running clubs in certain locations.
Fitness Assessments, usually held at the end of each month, are a series of exercises against the clock based on the Army Fitness Test, which have been adapted to suit the format of the sessions. The assessments are voluntary, but are used as a way of monitoring progress over time. The test is based on five exercises as follows; A timed 1500 metre run, maximum repetitions over a 2 minute period for each of sit ups, press ups and burpees, and 15 x 20 metre shuttle sprints. Each of the five exercises generate a score out of 100, giving the overall result of the fitness test as a mark out of 500. As a rough guide, scores equate to classification of fitness groups as follows; blue group 0-159 points, red group 160-325 points, green group 326-500 points.
Instructors.
Each class is led by at least one instructor, who gives direction on the exercises to be carried out and motivation to the class throughout the lesson. The instructors are all from a military background so are experts in motivation, leadership, discipline and all hold fitness qualifications.
Charity work.
Recently BMF has engaged with Westminster Council to run special classes for drug addicts and the ex-homeless.

</doc>
<doc id="19713147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713147" title="Bede Camm">
Bede Camm

Dom Bede Camm, O.S.B., (1864-1942) was an English Benedictine monk and martyrologist. He is best known for his many works on the English Catholic martyrs, which helped to keep their memories alive in the newly reemerging Catholic Church of Victorian England.
Life.
He was born Reginald Camm on 26 December 1864 in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey (then Middlesex), England, the son of John Camm, a retired cavalryman of the 12th Royal Lancers and his wife, Caroline Arden. As a youth he was educated first at Westminster School and then at Keble College, Oxford, from which he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Theology in 1884. 
Camm was ordained a minister in the Church of England in 1888, and passed a short period as a curate. He was drawn to the Catholic Church, however, and he became a convert to Catholicism in 1890, received at Maredsous Abbey in France. He was accepted into the novitiate of the abbey on 8 September of that same year and made his first profession as a monk on 8 December 1891. He was then sent to Rome for further studies, where he was solemly professed on Christmas Day 1894 and ordained as a Catholic priest on 9 March 1895 at the Basilica of St. John Lateran. He was then sent to live at Erdington Abbey, one of the first English members in a community of refugee monks from Germany.
Camm developed a strong devotion to the English Martyrs who were being beatified by Pope Leo XIII during that period, seeing them as heroic witnesses to his new faith, who were also natives of England . Out of this, he was to publish his two-volume work "Lives of the English Martyrs" in 1904. While he was working on his book, he came to know Mother Mary of St. Peter, foundress of the Benedictine Adorers of the Sacred Heart of Montmartre. She had just led her new monastic community from Paris, due to the anti-clerical laws enacted in France at the time. The nuns built a new monastery located in Tyburn, the place of execution of many of the Catholic martyrs of the Tudor period. They opened a small shrine to the martyrs in the crypt of the monastery chapel and became the caretakers of the site. Camm developed a deep respect for the foundress.
In 1909 Camm came to the rescue of the Tyburn nuns. The financial situation of the nuns' monastery had become so severe that they were in process of selling the property, and had already packed. He approached Mother St. Peter and offered to help them with a legacy he had received from his father, clearing their debts and funding the construction of a novitiate for their priory. This donation saved the community in its early days, and the site of devotion to England's martyrs. He went on to help develop the site, obtaining more relics and stained glass windows in erecting a larger shrine. It was he who designed a recreation of the Tyburn Tree for the sanctuary of the shrine, as a baldachin over the altar.
After the corporate conversion of Caldey Abbey to the Catholic Church--among the first of its kind accepted by Rome, at the invitation of the abbot of that monastery, in June 1913 Camm went to serve as their Master of novices. In addition to this work, he spent the next year touring England, lecturing and preaching to raise funds for the support of Caldey and of the nuns at Tyburn.
Camm's own abbey started to experience problems during the years leading up to World War I, as its situation became precarious due to the overwhelming preponderance of German monks in the community. Thus Camm transferred to Downside Abbey, where he renewed his vows on 21 November 1913 to Abbot Cuthbert Butler. He spent the years of the Great War as a military chaplain, posted first at Stobhill Hospital in Glasgow, Scotland, then, in December 1915, in Port Said, Egypt. He served with the military until the spring of 1919.
From 1919 to 1931 Camm served as Master of St Benet's Hall, Oxford. During that period, he produced further works on the English martyrs and some guides to the surviving locales connected to them. He retired to Downside Abbey in June 1931 due to ill health.
Camm was later transferred to a Catholic nursing home in Clifton, Bristol,
where he died on 8 September 1942. He was buried in the monastic cemetery of the abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="19713156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713156" title="Warham railway station">
Warham railway station

Warham railway station is a request stop on the narrow gauge Wells and Walsingham Light Railway, and serves the small village of Warham. It opened in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19713169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713169" title="List of French modern frigates">
List of French modern frigates

The list of French modern frigates covers ships acquired or built between 1925 and the present day. This list is not comprehensive. In France, "destroyers" are called ""contre-torpilleurs"" or "first rank frigates"; hence, destroyer-size ships might be listed here. During the 1940s, frigate-size ships were called "torpilleurs".

</doc>
<doc id="19713172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713172" title="Company of the Wolf">
Company of the Wolf

The Company of the Wolf is an Australian combat reenactment and living history group, re-enacting a mercenary company of the High Middle Ages to the Late Middle Ages, portraying a timeline of the great warring periods of the Middle Ages, from the later Crusading period of 1250, through the Hundred Years' War, to the end of the Wars of the Roses and Bosworth Field in 1485. Portraying a collection of the finest hired blades in Europe, the Company's ranks include members representative of the landless nobility, grizzled professional campaigners and humble foot soldiers, as well as a variety of camp followers drawn from across Western Europe.
Aims.
The group's charter states that its intent is twofold;
"To be an accessible reenactment group, catering to anyone with an interest in mediaeval European history, a suitable place in the group will be found for anyone with any level of experience or interest, and;
To provide an accurate, interesting and fun educational experience to any institution or educational group interested in learning more about this interesting and largely misunderstood period of history. "
Origins and history.
The Company of the Wolf formed during 2005 to provide a vehicle for mediaeval historians and re-enactors living in and around the New England region of New South Wales. Traditionally the Company has retained
close links to other groups in Australia, frequently supplying members to reinforce the displays and shows of other groups. The Company is notable for its mascot Loupes De Guerre, or "war wolves". Historically, wolves, or other fierce breeds, would be unleashed before close quarters combat to break and demoralise enemy infantry formations. The Company of the Wolf use the considerably friendlier Siberian Husky to represent these dogs of war, equipping them with historically accurate armour. While dogs are frequent attendants in historical re-enactment, Company of the Wolf claims to be the only reenactment group in Australia that fields a dedicated armoured war dog sub unit.
Traditions and customs.
The Company of the Wolf has a number of internal traditions and customs based on mediaeval practices.
Knighthood.
Members of The Company of the Wolf who have attended three or more major events as members of the Company are awarded the rank of knight. This involves a traditional accolade or "dubbing" ceremony, where the newly elevated member is tapped on the shoulder with a sword and presented to his fellows, followed by a blow from a mailed fist. This represents the last blow that the new knight may ever take without responding to the challenge. The new knight is then presented with a small token of his or her new rank, often a badge. Once a knight, the member is referred to as "Sir" or "Lady", and has the right to wear spurs in the field to display his or her status to friends and foe alike. The knights of the Company of the Wolf are occasionally referred to collectively as "Knights of the Order of the Wolf". Unlike mediaeval orders of knighthood, both male and female members who are granted membership in the order are referred to as "knights", although their pre-nominal honorifics are gender specific.
The Wolf Banner.
When the Company of the Wolf deploys as a group, the Wolf banner is displayed. This is a large black banner displaying the arms of the Company. When static, this banner remains in the campsite signifying the Company is present and deployed as a unit. On parade or for combat displays, the banner can be carried by two bearers to announce that members of the Company have taken the field. When a member of the Company of the Wolf achieves the rank of knight, the armorial achievement of the member may be added to the banner in miniature. Children of knights, even when not knights themselves, are permitted to display their arms alongside their parents' with appropriate marks of cadency. As accessibility and inclusiveness are key components of the group's mission, children of members have always been encouraged to participate. When an existing member, male or female, becomes the parent of a new child, the baby is bestowed honorary membership until the age of 14, when they may decide for themselves if they wish to continue participation with the Company.
The Wolf's Tail Badge.
Members of the Company of the Wolf will sometimes wear a "wolf's tail" hanging from their belts in both civilian and military attire as a form of group identification. As foxes are officially classed as vermin in Australia, members forgo the use of real wolves tails, and large fox tails are preferred. These "wolves' tails" are also sometimes hung from the poles of the Wolf Banner as a further embellishment of the Banner as the Company's rallying point.
Events.
The Company of the Wolf supplies displays, encampments and re-enactors to several high profile re-enactment events in Australia, including the Abbey Tournament at Caboolture in Queensland, and the Vikings! Exhibition at the Australian National Maritime Museum in Sydney. The Company also provides educational or "interest" displays for schools, universities or social groups when requested. Company members cover a range of mediaeval interests, and the group is structured in such a way as to allow the widest range of participation possible. This gives the Company of the Wolf a high degree of versatility, and allows the group to display and educate in civilian and military aspects of mediaeval life. The Company is lucky to count among its members and associates experts in a range of combat styles, mediaeval fashion and clothes making, armouring, heraldry and even mediaeval midwifery. Company of the Wolf is also notable for being one of the few mediaeval living history groups in Australia to field historically accurate black-powder weapons and crews. As well as public displays and shows, the Company of the Wolf also deploy privately to a number of immersive events for re-enactors along the East Coast of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19713175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713175" title="The Bronx (2008 album)">
The Bronx (2008 album)

The Bronx is the third studio album by punk rock band The Bronx. It was released on November 11, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19713179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713179" title="Nizhalgal Ravi">
Nizhalgal Ravi

Nizhalgal Ravi (Tamil: நிழல்கள் ரவி "Niḻalkaḷ Ravi", born: April 16, 1953) is an Indian actor who has performed in Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu films. He mostly uses Tamil as his major mother tongue language. He started his career in 1980 with the film "Nizhalgal". He has completed acting in 500 films
Career.
Nizhalgal Ravi, an actor in South Indian film industry, started his career under the baton of veteran director Bharathiraja in the Tamil film Nizhalgal which fetched him his sobriquet Nizhalgal. He played the role of an aspiring hero who falls in love, a performance which took him to the pinnacle of glory, but has not been blessed with a good break as a top hero. He has had many character roles including films Vedam Puthithu, Nayakan, Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi, Annamalai, Marupadiyam, Aasai, and more. He portrayed his roles with as a kind hearted father, a ruthless villain, or a ditcher. He dubbed for Amitabh Bachchan for the program "Kaun Banega Crorepati" in Tamil. He acted in more than 25 movies in Malayalam during the 80s.
He was born as Ravichandran to Shyamanna and D. Rajammal in an orthodox family. He did his B.A. in Economics in P.S.G. Arts, Coimbatore.
He acted in director K. Balachander's telefilm "Rayil Sneham", which became a hit in the late 80s and early 90s. He also acted in Nayagan, which became one of the best Tamil movie of all time.
Television.
His performance in the TV serial "Jannal" was one in which he played the character of a normal middle age business man who has more negative pages in his personal life. The last climax episode of this serial is a master piece of his performance, as well as director Mr.K.Balachander's distinct directorial feat.
As dubbing artist.
In Tamil speaking community, the program "KBC" got huge reception, due to the dubbing voice performed by Nizhalgal Ravi. The voice exactly matched Mr. Amithab Bachan's stiff and rigid voice. When asked about how he could deliver such a suitable voice in the program, in an interview for a Tamil weekly, he replied, "I was delighted when i got a call for dubbing opportunity for Amitabhji.. but when i saw the original program... i thought of how to match his voice familiarity...then i found out that, during early morning when i wake up, my voice used to be little bit above normal vocal.. so i decided to do the dubbing by early morning 5.00 am in the studio...for which i wake up at 4.00 and get ready and go.. and this is how it has happened".
Personal life.
He is married to Vishnupriya and has one son, Rahul.

</doc>
<doc id="19713185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713185" title="Vanilla Beer">
Vanilla Beer

Vanilla Beer (born 1950 in Sheffield, England) is a British artist. 
She trained at the West Surrey School of Art and Design and the Farnham and Walthamstow School of Art, London. Vanilla's first major solo show was at Gallery 181, curated by Alan Haydon in 1983. Her first major installation was commissioned by John Gill for the Royal Festival Hall in 1984. An installation at the De La Warr Pavilion took place in 1985. Since then she has had more than 100 exhibitions in England, America, Philippines (with British Council Support), France, Berlin and Ireland.
Vanilla Beer was a part-time lecturer at Lewisham College and Greenwich University, at Paris's Sorbonne and Cité University, occasionally at central London art schools. She was a reviewer for 'The Art Book' from 1997–2000.
She was elected Fellow of the Printmakers Council in 1984, Holder of the Artescape Fellowship 1991-1992; She won the GLC Peace Year prize in 1983, Mail on Sunday Award 1991, Russell and Chapple Painting of the Month November 1996, Ray Finnis Award 1997, prize winner for short-listed installations at Deptford Creek, London and in County Mayo, Ireland.
Personal Life.
Vanilla is one of eight children of the eminent cybernetician, Stafford Beer. She has been married three times and has no children.
Publications.
Prenez, Mangez et Vivez.
In 2006 essays on Vanilla's work written in English and French were published in "Prenez, Mangez et Vivez" by Beatrijs Lauwaert, Liane Lang and Ian Bolton (edited by Tony Mann), designed and produced by Roger Kohn and published by Peacock University Press and Artescape Foundation. Prenez, Mangez et Vivez shows the essays alongside Vanilla's paintings. 
Vanilla Beer - Modern Mythmaker.
Vanilla Beer - Modern Mythmaker (2013), an illustrated book with text by Zoey Goto, covers Beer's recent work which combines real life and myth.

</doc>
<doc id="19713200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713200" title="Hiromichi Kataura">
Hiromichi Kataura

Kataura is the leader of self-assembled nano-electronics group at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST).
Kataura plot.
Kataura plot is a graph relating the energy of the band gaps in a carbon nanotube and its diameter. A nanotube of certain diameter can be metallic M or semiconducting S; it can have several band gaps, conventionally labeled as S11, S22, M11, M22, etc. This property results in multiple branches in the Kataura plot.
The original article on the Kataura plot has been reported in a lesser-known journal Synthetic Metals. Nevertheless, this article has been cited more than 1200 times in peer-reviewed scientific journals between 2000 and June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19713216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713216" title="Lipoptena depressa">
Lipoptena depressa

Lipoptena depressa, or the Western American deer ked, is a fly from the family Hippoboscidae. They are blood-feeding parasites of the mule deer - "Odocoileus hemionus" in the western United States and Canada in the Rocky Mountains. 
They are often misidentified as ticks.
The female fly will produce a single larva at a time, retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate. The larva feeds on the secretions of a milk gland in the uterus of the female. After three larval instars, a white pre-pupa which immediately forms a hard dark puparium. The pupa is usually deposited where the deer slept overnight. When the pupa has completed its pupation. a winged adult emerges and flies in search of a suitable host, upon which fly sheds its wings and is permanently associated with the same host. This is typical of most members of the family Hippoboscidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19713232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713232" title="Goonch">
Goonch

Goonch or goonch catfish is a common name for two South Asian species of sisorid catfish in the genus "Bagarius":

</doc>
<doc id="19713238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713238" title="Transport in Kosovo">
Transport in Kosovo

Transport in Kosovo is complicated by political issues relating to international recognition. The Republic of Kosovo is one of the newest countries in the world, having declared independence in 2008 from Serbia. It is currently recognised as a sovereign state by 92 nations, of which 91 are members of the United Nations. Transport links to the north are fractured (especially rail transport) as Serbia does not recognise Kosovo's independence. Kosovo is recognised as sovereign by all other countries with which it has a land border, except Serbia.
Roads.
https://p.twimg.com/Ap0PAiRCQAE_A4_.jpg
Airports.
Airports: 10

</doc>
<doc id="19713247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713247" title="Tuğba Palazoğlu">
Tuğba Palazoğlu

Tuğba Palazoğlu (born 4 December 1980) is a Turkish professional basketball player. Currently she is playing for Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K..

</doc>
<doc id="19713265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713265" title="Patrick Colquhoun (lawyer)">
Patrick Colquhoun (lawyer)

Sir Patrick (Macchombaich de) Colquhoun QC (13 April 1815 – 18 May 1891) was a British diplomat, legal writer and sculler who was considered the father of Cambridge rowing.
Colquhoun was the son of James Colquhoun and the grandson of the Patrick Colquhoun who was Lord Provost of Glasgow. He was educated at Westminster and St John's College, Cambridge. In 1837 he won the Wingfield Sculls and in the same year instituted the Colquhoun Sculls at the University of Cambridge.
From 1840 to 1844, Colquhoun was Plenipotentiary of the Hanse Towns at Constantinople, Persia and Greece, through his father's connections. In Constantinople he was close friends with James Redhouse. He encountered the author George Borrow on his travels and was not impressed. He then returned to England and joined the Home Circuit. He was well respected in the literary world and became a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1845. Charles Leland wrote "Who that knows London knoweth not Sir Patrick Colquhoun? I made his acquaintance in 1848, when, coming over from student-life in Paris". He was also a noted linguist. From 1857 to 1866, he was Aulic Counsellor to the King of Saxony and standing Counsel to the Saxon Legation. He was then member of the Supreme Court of Justice in Corfu from 1858 to 1861. In 1861, when he was Chief Justice of the Ionian Islands, he was knighted on 14 November. Colquhoun became Queen's Counsel in 1868 and a bencher of the Inner Temple in 1869. 
Colquhoun died at 2 King's Bench Walk at the age of 76. He was a member of the Order of the Temple and associated with fringe Freemasonry.
Colquhoun married Katherine de St Vitalis. Their daughter married Sir James Redhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19713280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713280" title="Catalan Food Safety Agency">
Catalan Food Safety Agency

The Catalan Food Safety Agency (Agència Catalana de Seguretat Alimentària - ACSA) is specialized area of the Catalan Public Health Agency (Agència de Salut Pública de Catalunya - ASPCAT) of the Generalitat de Catalunya, which aims to achieve the highest level of food safety in Catalonia through planning and supporting control actions, collaborating and cooperating with different administrations, and sectors whose activity affects, directly or indirectly, on food safety.
Overview.
The Agency is participated by the departments of Health, Agriculture, Food and Rural Action, Environment and Housing and the Consumers Agency, all of which have competence in the various aspects related to food safety, thereby enabled with a transversal character.
The creation of the ACSA is part of the evolving global food safety organization in the European Union which covers the entire food chain, from agricultural production to the final food products available to consumers, and involves all operators responsible for food safety as well as competent authorities responsible to ensure a high level of health and safety of the population.
Activities.
The Catalan Agency for Food Safety executes the following functions:

</doc>
<doc id="19713294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713294" title="2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Second Round">
2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Second Round

The 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup – Second Round took place from 11 October to 14 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19713298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713298" title="Neolipoptena ferrisi">
Neolipoptena ferrisi

Neolipoptena ferrisi, or the Pacific deer ked, is a fly from the family Hippoboscidae. They are blood-feeding parasites of the mule deer - "Odocoileus hemionus", the white-tailed deer - "Odocoileus virginianus" & The Pronghorn - "Antilocapra americana". They are found from British Columbia, Canada, to Baja California, Mexico. 
They are often misidentified as ticks.
The female fly will produce a single larvae at a time, retaining the larva internally until it is ready to pupate. The larva feeds on the secretions of a milk gland in the uterus of the female. After three larval instars, a white pre-pupa which immediately forms a hard dark puparium. The pupa is usually deposited where the deer slept overnight. When the pupa has completed its pupation. a winged adult emerges and flies in search of a suitable host, upon which fly sheds its wings and is permanently associated with the same host. This is typical of most members of the family Hippoboscidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19713335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713335" title="Neolipoptena">
Neolipoptena

Neolipoptena is a genus of Hippoboscidae, known as louse flies or Deer keds. There is only one known species - "Neolipoptena ferrisi".

</doc>
<doc id="19713337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713337" title="Woman's Day (Australian magazine)">
Woman's Day (Australian magazine)

"Woman's Day" is an Australian magazine published by Bauer Media Group. The magazine underwent significant layoffs in 2008.
In 2007, the magazine settled out of court with New Zealand television presenter Charlotte Dawson, who had sued the magazine over its coverage of her divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="19713345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713345" title="Artivist Film Festival &amp; Awards">
Artivist Film Festival &amp; Awards

The Artivist Film Festival & Awards is an international film festival and awards ceremony dedicated to recognizing activist efforts of filmmakers, specifically in the areas of human rights, child advocacy, environmental preservation, and animal rights.
Background.
The Festival is held annually and tours internationally. Its mission is to strengthen the voice of activist/artists (""artivists""), while raising awareness for global causes. The festival is produced by Artivist Collective, a nonprofit organization founded in August 2003 by Diaky Diaz, Bettina Wolff, and Christopher Riedesel.
The first "Artivist Film & Awards Festival" was held April 27, 2007 at Hollywood's Egyptian Theater. Honorees were Ed Begley, Jr., Tippi Hedren, Mike Farrell and France Nuyen.
Set to coincide with Earth Day, when the 2nd Annual "Artivist Film Festival" began on April 20, 2005, Los Angeles Mayor James Hahn declared the day "Artivist Day", and among the festival's 2005 honorees were James Cromwell and Mira Sorvino. 
The third annual festival was held in Los Angeles on November 9, 2006, and premiered the film "Fast Food Nation". Festival honorees included Joaquin Phoenix, Daryl Hannah, and Matthew McConaughey.
Board and honorees.
Artivist’s advisory board includes Congressman Dennis Kucinich, actor James Cromwell, actor/director James Haven, and Senator Barbara Boxer. Past honorees include Ted Danson, Alyssa Milano, Claes Nobel, James Cromwell, Mira Sorvino, Ed Begley, Jr., Tippi Hedren, Mike Farrell, France Nuyen, Joaquin Phoenix, Daryl Hannah, and Matthew McConaughey, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19713349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713349" title="Rohini (actress)">
Rohini (actress)

Rohini is an Indian actress, lyricist, screenwriter, voice actor and director. She has mainly acted in south Indian, notably Malayalam and Tamil films. Having started her acting career at five, she has about 130 south Indian films to her credit. She received National Award of Special mention and Andhra Pradesh State Award for Best Female Actor in the year 1996 for the film "Sthree".
Career.
A native of Anakapalli, Rohini spent all her childhood in Chennai. She started her career in 1976 as a child artiste. She was first seen as a wide-eyed 5 year old in "Yashoda Krishna", a Telugu film.
She is also a popular dubbing artist in the Tamil industry. She has voiced six characters in five of Mani Ratnam's films. She lent her voice to actresses like Jyothika ("Vettaiyadu Villaiyadu"), Aishwarya Rai ("Iruvar" and "Raavanan"), Manisha Koirala ("Bombay") and Amala ("Shiva").
She wrote lyrics for the Tamil film "Pachaikili Muthucharam", before ending another hiatus by writing all songs in the album, "Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey". Her acting skills were recognized and she was given the Kalaimamani award recently.
She writes episodes for Tamil TV serials. She started writing scripts for TV series way back in 1996, and has adapted the Sahithya Academy Award winning novel "Verukku Neer" for a tele film in 2005. She hosted the live TV talk show "Kelvigal Aayiram" for Vijay TV, which she said "dealt with issues close to my heart". She moderated the Tamil programme "Azhagiya Tamizh Magal" on Kalaignar TV and has worked as the anchor of Raj TV’s show, "Rohini’s Box Office" in which she reviewed the latest releases.
Being an activist for AIDS awareness, Rohini has also directed short films for M.G.R. Medical University and Tamil Nadu Aids Control Society. In 2008, Rohini had directed a 50-minute documentary "Silent Hues" about film industry’s child artists, she being one herself. In 2013, she has directed a feature film "Appavin Meesai" which is yet to be released.

</doc>
<doc id="19713353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713353" title="Virginia Theatre (Champaign)">
Virginia Theatre (Champaign)

The Virginia Theatre is a live performance and movie theatre in downtown Champaign, Illinois. It has been providing theatrical and cinematic entertainment to the Champaign-Urbana community since its doors opened in 1921. Each year, the Virginia Theatre is host to movies from film reels, plays from various acting troupes, concerts, and Ebertfest, presented by the UIUC College of Media. It is currently owned by the Champaign Park District.
History.
The Virginia Theatre opened December 28, 1921 with a live stage performance of "The Bat". The following night, the silent films Tol'able David and The Boat were shown at the theatre. Since then, it has been presenting movies, live concerts, and plays to the Champaign-Urbana community and has only been closed for short periods of renovation by the Park District. Until recently, the Virginia Theatre was privately owned. From the 1930s to the 1960s, RKO pictures held ownership. Subsequently, George Kerasotes Corporation (GKC Theatres) owned the building until the Champaign Park District purchased it in January 2000.
Restoration.
A major part of the Virginia Theatre is its restoration. In December 1999, the Champaign Park District received a $900,000 grant from the State of Illinois to restore the then run-down theatre. Extensive work was done to bring the building up to current code, most of it not visible to the general public. In 2000, the curved movie screen that had been in place for decades was replaced with a smaller screen (50-foot wide viewable image) which can be flown offstage. Additional restrooms were completed in 2001. Box office renovation, dressing room remodeling, and carpet replacement took place in 2002-2003. The east lobby/storefront was remodeled during 2007, and the main lobbies and concession stand were renovated and redecorated in 2010, thanks to a considerable donation from Michael Carragher. The decaying 1930's-era neon marquee was removed from the theatre on November 16, 2010, and it was replaced with a newly designed marquee in September 2011, in spite of opposition from many community members and historic preservation advocates.
Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ.
In 1921, the Rudolph Wurlitzer Company installed a theatre organ to provide musical accompaniment for silent films. That 2/8 (two keyboard, eight ranks of pipes) instrument was removed by Buzard Pipe Organ Builders of Champaign in December 2010 for renovation, and it was reinstalled in the Fall of 2011.
Events.
The Virginia Theatre hosts a wide variety of events throughout the year. One weekend a month, classic movies are played on a 56-foot wide screen. These movies range from 1940's movies such as White Christmas to cult favorites like The Big Lebowski. Tickets to each of two screenings are 5 dollars and there is also a raffle to win a DVD of the movie being played. Some months have themes reflecting the holidays, such as Christmas, Valentine's Day, and Halloween. There is also College and Kids night.
Beginning a few years ago, the Champaign Park District began hosting "Reel Deals" at the Virginia Theatre. Showing newer releases, Reel Deals are shown for $3 on Tuesdays and Thursdays on an irregular schedule. 
From 1992 until 2010, the Champaign-Urbana Theatre Company, or CUTC, performed plays at the theatre.
Roger Ebert's Film Festival.
Every April, the Theatre is host to Ebertfest: Roger Ebert's Film Festival. Beginning in 1999 as Roger Ebert's Overlooked Film Festival, it has become a very popular event with festival passes selling out well in advance. The event hosts several less known films as well some popular films.
Following Ebert's death in 2013, organizers in Champaign announced plans to raise $125,000 to build a life-size bronze statue of Ebert in the town, to be unveiled in front of the theater at Ebertfest in 2014. The composition was selected by Ebert's wife Chaz and depicts him sitting in the middle of three theater seats giving a his trademark "thumbs up" gesture.

</doc>
<doc id="19713373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713373" title="BlankOn">
BlankOn

BlankOn Linux is a Linux distribution based on Debian developed by Yayasan Penggerak Linux Indonesia (YPLI).
Goals.
The goals of BlankOn Linux are to provide a suitable operating system for common PC users in Indonesia, especially in the academic, small/medium enterprise, and government sectors. Since BlankOn 2.0, it has had multimedia support such as MP3, VCD, and DVD, with Indonesian themes and graphics. BlankOn development is open with release frequency of once or twice per year.
Name Origins.
The name BlankOn originally came from blangkon an ethnic Indonesian headdress, especially common among the Javanese (Central Java, Yogyakarta, and East Java), Sundanese (West Java and Banten), Maduranese, and Balinese.
BlankOn means also blank (binary number 0) and on (binary number 1) or digital hat (modern) with ancient (classic) appearance.
Another meaning of the name could be said to be the transformation from "blank" to "on".
Philosophy.
The BlankOn developers hope that every BlankOn user can be transformed from "blank" to "filled", to have knowledge that Linux can be used to increase the skills, dignity, and autonomy of the Indonesian people.
BlankOn is intended to be a motivator for the Indonesian people to use and develop Linux and other FLOSS. BlankOn also means a crash helmet to software proprietary dependency.
Release.
BlankOn 1.0.
Code Name : Bianglala
BlankOn 2.0.
Code Name : Konde - Released 15 November 2007
BlankOn 3.0.
Code Name : Lontara - Released 27 April 2008
BlankOn 4.0.
Code Name : Meuligoe - Released 15 November 2008
BlankOn 5.0.
Code Name : Nanggar - Released 16 June 2009
BlankOn 6.0.
Code Name : Ombilin - Released 5 July 2010
BlankOn 7.0.
Code Name : Pattimura - Released 17 August 2011
BlankOn 8.0.
Code Name : Rote - Released 5 maret 2012
Development.
After the launching of BlankOn version 1.0 based on Fedora Core, YPLI and Komunitas Ubuntu Indonesia developed BlankOn version 2.0 (code name: "Konde") based on Ubuntu.
BlankOn Linux version 1.0 and version 2.0 are sponsored by UNESCO and several other institutions.
YPLI.
Yayasan Penggerak Linux Indonesia (YPLI) is an organization that develops Linux software and brainware in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19713389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713389" title="Total Metal">
Total Metal

Total Metal is the compilation album by heavy metal band Atomkraft. It contains songs from albums published by Neat Records, as well as some previously unreleased material. It was released in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19713398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713398" title="Pucón Airport">
Pucón Airport

Pucón Airport () is an airport located east of Pucón, a city in the Araucanía Region of Chile. The airport is designed to handle aircraft up to the Boeing 737 in size and operates seasonal flights from Santiago de Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="19713403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713403" title="Indonesian Linux Motivator Foundation">
Indonesian Linux Motivator Foundation

Yayasan Penggerak Linux Indonesia (YPLI), or the Indonesian Linux Motivator Foundation, is a non-profit organization that develops Linux and other Free/Open Source Software (FOSS) software and human resources in Indonesia, including profession certification.
YPLI activities.
YPLI, with its BlankOn, has been a case study of UNDP and UNESCO as a successful example of FOSS implementation in the world. A complete PDF file of the book "Breaking Barriers, The Potential of Free and Open Source Software for Sustainable Human Development. A Compilation of Case Studies from Across the World" can be found here (around 900 KB).
YPLI partners.
YPLI is working closely with several institutions, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19713419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713419" title="Afonso of Braganza, 1st Marquis of Valença">
Afonso of Braganza, 1st Marquis of Valença

Alphonse of Braganza (in Portuguese "Afonso") (1400–1460) was the eldest son of Afonso, 1st Duke of Braganza, natural son of King John I of Portugal, and of his wife, Beatriz Pereira Alvim, the only daughter of Nuno Álvares Pereira and Leonor de Alvim. 
Through a formal document dated 4 April 1422, his maternal grandfather, the Constable Nuno Álvares Pereira, granted to him the County of Ourém. However, this grant only gained the Portuguese King Edward’s royal confirmation on 24 November 1433.
Alphonse was sent by the King as his special ambassador to the Council of Basel (1436) and to the Council of Florence (1439), during which time he also visited Ferrara and Rome.
In a document issued on 11 October 1451, King Afonso V of Portugal granted him the title of Marquis of Valença. He was the first Portuguese nobile to be made a Marquis.
During October 1451, he escorted Infanta Eleanor of Portugal (King Edward’s daughter) on her journey from Lisbon to Livorno, where she met her betrothed, Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor. They were married in Rome, with Pope Nicholas V blessing their marriage.
In 1458, Alphonse took part in the Portuguese expedition to north Africa which led to the capture of the Moroccan city of Alcácer Ceguer (Al Qsar as-Seghir).
Alphonse had a natural son with "Dona" Beatriz de Sousa (it is said that they were secretly married). This son, Afonso de Portugal, was required to join the clergy by King John II of Portugal. Afonso de Portugal was appointed Bishop of Évora. He had a natural son named Francisco de Portugal (Francis of Portugal) who was later appointed as Francis I, 1st Count of Vimioso, from whom Counts of Vimioso descend.

</doc>
<doc id="19713424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713424" title="Chintalapadu">
Chintalapadu

Chintalapadu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713429" title="Kübra Siyahdemir">
Kübra Siyahdemir

Kübra İmren Siyahdemir (born 21 June 1986) is a Turkish professional basketball player who played for Tarsus Belediyesi in 2010-11 season and transferred to Turkish Women's Basketball League champion Fenerbahçe Istanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="19713438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713438" title="Austinville, Queensland">
Austinville, Queensland

Austinville is a small, historic suburb of Queensland covering approximately 20 kilometres squared and situated in the Gold Coast Hinterland between Mudgeeraba and Springbrook consisting of a population of 419 (in 2006)
Austinville is located in a valley through which flows Mudgeeraba Creek and the rugged Nimmel Range loom in the distance. Significant rainforest exists in the area.
History.
Austinville settlement was established as a banana plantation in 1934, making it one of the Gold Coast's oldest suburbs. It was started as an attempt to resettle unemployed people on the land following the Great Depression, and therefore lift the economy. It was named after the minister for labour at the time, W Austin, who encouraged the building of many of these plantations throughout the state. Land was cleared and divided into blocks and properties, a school was constructed and 50 or so small homes were built too. Mudgeeraba Creek flowed behind the homes along the valley floor, and the rugged Nimmel Ranges bordered on the settlement's western side. The settlement was very short lived. By 1939, within just 5 years, most families had left the area. Rainforest has crept back into much of the once banana farming valley, and the area remains dwarfed by the surrounding conservation area.

</doc>
<doc id="19713446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713446" title="Bilbrook">
Bilbrook

Bilbrook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713450" title="Comix-ART">
Comix-ART

Comix-ART (, "Komiks-Art") is a comics imprint of russian book publisher Domino It serves as a translator and the licensor of graphic novels, manga, manhwa and Original English-language manga. Comix-ART, founded in 2008 with headquarter in Saint Petersburg, releases its titles in collaboration with Eksmo, another publishing house, and their books are published under "Eksmo" label. They do not reverse the pages (so called "flopping").
Comix-ART has been repeatedly criticized for the choice of fonts used to display letters inside the word balloons and for the placing of words in bubbles. "AniMag" editor commented on their publication of "Naruto" that a reader cannot distinguish some letters "without a magnifying glass".

</doc>
<doc id="19713451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713451" title="KIIT School of Management">
KIIT School of Management

The KIIT School Of Management, (KSOM), earlier Institute of Business Administration and Training, (IBAT), is a business school located in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India. It is the B-school wing of KIIT University. It was established by Achyuta Samanta. The school has six branches spread over India, the other five being in Bangalore, Pune, New Delhi, Hyderabad, and Chennai. The Bangalore campus was the first one. The institute has a good placement history with a number to top companies recruiting students. These include ICICI Lombard, ICICI Bank, HCL, TCS, HDFC Bank to name a few. The Institute offers specializations such as Finance, Marketing, Operations, System, I.T., H.R. Every year, 'Kolosseum', an annual management fest is held along with other corporate and cultural events in the institute. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713461" title="Marupadiyum">
Marupadiyum

 
Marupadiyum is a 1993 Indian Tamil-language film starring Nizhalgal Ravi, Revathi, Rohini and Arvind Swamy. The movie is a remake of Mahesh Bhatt's 1982 Hindi movie "Arth". It became successful both critically and commercially and was one among the top 5 Tamil films of the year.
__TOC__
Plot.
Marupadiyum is an emotional and psychological drama that focuses on the central female protagonist, a wife caught up in marital discord played by Revathi and her life henceforth. Revathi is married to Ravi, a movie director who has an extra marital affair with his star heroine, played by Rohini. Revathi discovers this intimacy between her husband and Rohini but is treated with indifference by her husband. Ravi moves on to get a divorce from Revathi. Revathi pleads with Ravi not to proceed with the divorce and asks Rohini to leave her husband but both disagree to do so. Arvind Swamy, a stranger, helps and befriends Revathi after she leaves her husband.
Rohini faces mental anguish as she feels guilty with another woman's husband and becomes psychologically affected. Ravi ends up in dilemma between his wife and his lover. (Aravind Swamy) turns into a dependable friend and asks Revathi to marry him but Revathi has to choose her own path.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19713469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713469" title="2010 in video gaming">
2010 in video gaming

Many awards went to games such as "Red Dead Redemption", "Mass Effect 2", "God of War III" and "Just Cause 2".
Game releases.
The list of games released in 2010 in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19713472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713472" title="2011 in video gaming">
2011 in video gaming

The year 2011 saw many new video games, as well the release of numerous sequels to critically acclaimed games. 2011 also marked the worldwide release of the Nintendo 3DS.
Game releases.
The list of games released in 2011 in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19713473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713473" title="Zhu Hongzhang">
Zhu Hongzhang

Zhu Hongzhang (; Styled; Posthumous name: (1820? – 1895), born in Liping, Guizhou, was an eminent Han Chinese official and military general of the late Qing Dynasty in China. He joined the Xiang Army to fight against the Taiping Rebellion and to restore the stability of Qing Dynasty, and was one of nine generals (1 lieutenant General, five major generals, and three Brigadier generals) to lead a major force of 60,000, which occupied Nanjing in 1864. Commander Zeng Guoquan gave Zhu third class merit of recovery Nanjing out nine generals, and reported to Beijing's government to praise him, but other opinions state that Zhu should have received the first merit instead of Li Chenden.
The first wave offensive.
19 July afternoon 13：00, the attackers detonated the explosives in the tunnel under Taiping Gate(太平), the wall failed for around 2–10 km, Zhu led 1800 soldiers into battle shouting: Kill(Sa)!...and through the broken wall into the city, but 460 were killed before 16:00 by the bambs of the weakened Taiping defenders, but Zhu's troops took Taiping on the following day.
This won Zhu Imperial yellow jacket merit.
Stationary in Yunnan.
In 1876, appointed Zhu led army stationary on Tengchong CountyYunnan built hydraulic engineering.
Come back Nanjing.
In 1888, Zeng Guoquan promoted Viceroy of Liangjiang, Zhu followed Zeng again and came back Nanjing.
Climbing up Dragon's Neck.
Someday they date to Climbing up Dragon's Neck(Dibao Castle 地保城, nicknamed Dragon's Neck 龙脖子on Purple Gold (紫金) Mountain) together that battleground memory for too much intense warfare 24 years ago. there were over 25,000 Xiang Army KIA over here among 20 months.
Tears full their eyes when they saw the sight and thought about deaths and wounds bravely. they wrote and carved words on stone grave over here diary for this battle history and heroes.
After 2 years, Zeng Guoquan was dead.
Defend Shanghai:on First Sino-Japanese War.
Zhu led 10,000 army defend Shanghai, Qing government sight Zhu is a trump card. Japanese army and spy knew Zhu was commander, fear him and not dare combat from Shanghai. but when Zhu knew warfare was loss in Korea, it made old Zhu too sadness and die(some historian think was murdered by Japanese spy!), Zhu's typical military spirit was memorial forever.

</doc>
<doc id="19713478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713478" title="Edward Cronin">
Edward Cronin

Edward Cronin (born Cork, Ireland, 1 February 1801, died Brixton, 1882) was a pioneer of homeopathy in England and one of the founders of the Plymouth Brethren movement.
Life.
Cronin was born in 1801 in Cork, Ireland before moving to Dublin for health reasons in about 1826. In Dublin he studied medicine at the Meath Hospital, and later utilised his medical ability on Anthony Norris Groves' pioneering mission to Baghdad - after the death of his wife in 1829, Cronin went with Groves to administer medical support including dealing with an outbreak of plague. While in Persia and later India, he also dealt with cholera and typhus using homeopathic principles.
Cronin returned to England in 1836, where, as a medical practitioner, he became an early adopter of homeopathy in the UK - Cronin is estimated to be the fifth such practitioner to introduce homeopathy. He was a member of the English Homeopathic Association, and in 1858 he became the last man to become a Lambeth MD before the Medical Act 1858 abolished this particular qualification. Cronin remarried and settled in Brixton where he lived until his death in 1882.
Cronin's eldest son Eugene also took up homeopathic practice, and another of his sons became honorary dentist to the London Homeopathic Hospital
Faith.
Originally a Roman Catholic, when Cronin moved to Dublin he sought membership with various dissenting churches in the area but was only admitted as a visitor. He began meeting with other Christians including Anthony Norris Groves, John Gifford Bellet and John Nelson Darby, whose conviction that the ordination of clergy was unnecessary and unscriptural, as well as his dispensationalist and premillenialist theology which later became principle tenets of the Plymouth Brethren movement.
He remained faithful to this movement all his life, but one of his last actions was to precipitate a split in the already fractured movement. When a number of members of a failing assembly at Ryde had stopped attending the meeting, he travelled down and met with some of them and celebrated the Lord's Supper. A furious row erupted with different assemblies disagreeing about which side was right and therefore to be supported, with Darby, who had privately sympathised with him, attacking him in the strongest terms. The row escalated but was not resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="19713483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713483" title="Nobody's Hero">
Nobody's Hero

"Nobody's Hero" is a song by Canadian prog-rock band Rush, released as the third single from their 1993 album "Counterparts". The first stanza deals with the AIDS-related death of a homosexual man named Ellis, a friend of Neil Peart when Peart lived in London. After the chorus, the second stanza speaks of a girl who was murdered in Peart's hometown, Port Dalhousie. The girl is rumoured to have been Kristen French, one of Paul Bernardo's victims. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713485" title="Dragoslav Mitrinović">
Dragoslav Mitrinović

Dragoslav S. Mitrinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгослав Митриновић; 23 June 1908 – 2 April 1995) was a Serbian mathematician known for his work in differential equations, functional equations, complex analysis. He authored near 300 scientific journal papers and more than twelve books in his area.
Born in Smederevo, he studied in Pristina and Vranje, graduating in mathematics at the University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy (1932). He earned a Ph.D. (1933) on a study of differential equations entitled "Istraživanja o jednoj važnoj diferencijalnoj jednačini prvog reda" (that is, "Investigations of an important differential equation of the first order"), advised by Mihailo Petrović.
He then worked as a secondary school teacher until 1946, when he visited University of Paris (1946) before joining the faculty at Skopje University in Macedonia where he founded the school of mathematics and two journals, eventually being elected to the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts.
He then worked for the University of Belgrade Faculty of Electrical Engineering (1951–78), where he also became head of the math department (1953) and the founder of the Belgrade School of Functional Equations, Differential Equations and Inequalities, as well the School of Mathematics (1960). He also headed the math department at University of Niš (1965–75).
He was also affiliated with American Mathematical Society and Société Mathématique de France. He was among the founders of the Serbian Scientific Society, the Mathematical documentation center of the Society of Mathematicians and Physicists of Serbia, the President of the Society of Mathematicians and Physicists of Macedonia, the President of the Commission for Mathematics of the Federal Council for the Coordination of Scientific Research.

</doc>
<doc id="19713488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713488" title="List of people from Struga">
List of people from Struga

This following is a list of people from Struga, Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="19713498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713498" title="La Dolfina Polo Team">
La Dolfina Polo Team

La Dolfina (currently named La Dolfina Hope Funds due to sponsorship reasons) is an Argentine polo team, founded by Adolfo Cambiaso and Bartolomé Castagnola in 2000, based in the city of Cañuelas, Buenos Aires Province.
La Dolfina won the most important polo tournament in Argentina, the Abierto Argentino (Argentine Open) six times: 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2011, becoming one of the most successful teams since its establishment in 2000. The team also won the Abierto de Hurlingham (considered the second in importance after Campeonato Argentino) in 2011 and 2012.
After the 2007 Argentine Open, the handicap of Lucas Monteverde was raised to 10, leaving La Dolfina as the only polo team with a perfect 10-goal handicap. For the 2008 Argentine Open, the expectations for winning the championship again were understandably high, but the team was beaten in the final match by La Ellerstina (lined-up by Gonzalo Pieres, Facundo Pieres, Pablo Mac Donough, Juan Martin Nero) by 13-12 because of a golden goal by Gonzalo Pieres in an extra-chukka.
The last title won by La Dolfina was the 2012 Campeonato Abierto de Hurlingham, defeating La Ellerstina 18-11 in the final.
Uniform.
La Dolfina has changed its uniform many times along the years, most of them for sponsorship reaons. For the 2002 season the team made a great impact when wearing a jersey similar to football club Nueva Chicago. That was because Cambiaso and Bartolomé Castagnola decided to change the team colors due to its similarity with La Ellerstina's. Cambiaso, a football fan, chose the green and black because of his sympathy for Nueva Chicago although he is a River Plate fan. The green and black jersey made its debut in the inagurual match of the Campeonato Abierto Argentino on 24 November 2002. 
For the 2002 Abierto Argentino final match, Cambiaso made the arrangements to move more than 200 Nueva Chicago football fans to the Campo Argentino de Polo, where they supported the team during the game against Indios Chapaleufú II on 15 November 2002. The fans gave a show never seen before in a polo match, displaying big flags, singing songs while playing drums and even throwing smoke bombs, as they usually did in a football match. The presence of the Nueva Chicago supporters in the final surprised the rest of the attendance, generating a big repercussion in the elitist environment of polo.
La Dolfina finally won the game by 20-16, with 16 goals by Cambiaso, achieving its first title ever. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713502" title="9th century in Ireland">
9th century in Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="19713530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713530" title="Robert F. Schilling">
Robert F. Schilling

Dr. Robert Frederick Schilling, M.D. is a physician who is best known for his research on Vitamin B12. Schilling is currently Professor Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin. He is the namesake of the Schilling test.
Education and postdoctoral work.
Schilling received his medical degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in Madison, Wisconsin. He received postdoctoral training at Philadelphia General Hospital in West Philadelphia, Boston City Hospital in Boston, and at University of Wisconsin Hospital in Madison, Wisconsin.
Work with Vitamin B12.
His work on detection of radio-cobalt-labeled B12 in the urine led to a test for vitamin B12 absorption named the "Schilling test" in his honor. The Schilling test determines if a patient has pernicious anemia, a disease caused by malabsorption of B12 due to lack of intrinsic factor. The Schilling test in a second stage may also be used as a control test for other causes of malabsorption of Vitamin B12 even if it is bound to intrinsic factor (B12 deficiency which is not pernicious anemia). 

</doc>
<doc id="19713531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713531" title="Bessarabian Stakes">
Bessarabian Stakes

The Bessarabian Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1985 at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario. Raced at a distance of seven furlongs, it is held during the latter part of November and is open to fillies, age three and older.
Raced on Polytrack synthetic dirt since 2006, the Bessarabian Stakes currently offers a purse of $150,000 plus $50,000 for Ontario-bred horses from the Ontario Thoroughbred Improvement Program. Inaugurated in 1985, through 1990 it was contested at six furlongs.
The race is named in honor of Eaton Hall Farm's Champion filly, Bessarabian.
Records.
Speed record: (Through 1998, Woodbine times were recorded in fifths of a second. Since 1999 they are in hundredths of a second)
Most wins:
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19713542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713542" title="John Edward Sutton">
John Edward Sutton

John Edward Sutton (23 December 1862 - 29 November 1945) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician.
At the age of 14, Sutton took up employment at Bradford Colliery, Manchester. He became a check-weighman and secretary of the Bradford branch of the Lancashire and Cheshire Miners' Federation. In 1894 he was elected to Manchester City Council as an Independent Labour Party councillor for Bradford ward, an area previously represented by Conservatives.
At the general election of January 1910 Sutton was elected as Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Manchester East, the constituency that included the Bradford area. He held the seat until its abolition in 1918.
At the 1918 general election Sutton stood in the new seat of Manchester Clayton, losing to the Conservative, Edward Hopkinson. However Hopkinson died in 1922, forcing a by-election, and Sutton was selected as Labour candidate. The Coalition Government was very unpopular due to high unemployment and severe cutbacks recommended by the Geddes Report, and Sutton easily won the seat. He held the seat at subsequent general elections until 1931 when a large swing to the Conservatives was reflected in Clayton. William Flanagan, Sutton's opponent in the 1922 by-election took the seat. Sutton did not contest another parliamentary election.

</doc>
<doc id="19713551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713551" title="Robert Schilling">
Robert Schilling

Robert Schilling may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713559" title="Evangeline Parish School Board">
Evangeline Parish School Board

The Evangeline Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the city of Ville Platte.

</doc>
<doc id="19713563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713563" title="List of 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup goalscorers">
List of 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup goalscorers

The full list of the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup goalscorers :

</doc>
<doc id="19713609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713609" title="Odyssey (novel)">
Odyssey (novel)

Odyssey is a science fiction novel by Jack Mcdevitt. It was a Nebula Award nominee for 2007. It's set in the 23rd century and "explores the immorality of big business and the short-sightedness of the American government in minimizing support for space travel."
Literary significance and reception.
Carl Hays reviewing in Booklist said "McDevitt's energetic character-driver prose serves double duty by exploring Earth's future political climate and forecasting the potential dangers awaiting humanity among the stars". Kirkus Reviews was slightly more critical calling it "a low-key, reasonably surprising and involving tale, although not among McDevitt's best." Jackie Cassada reviewing for Library Journal said "the author of Chindi and other novels featuring the academy succeeds in visualizing a believable future of space exploration as well as believable personalities whose lives and loves put a human face on scientific speculation."
"Odyssey" was nominated for both the Nebula and John W. Campbell Memorial Awards in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19713614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713614" title="Idsworth">
Idsworth

Idsworth is a hamlet in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is 1 mile (1.5km) north of the village of Finchdean, and 2.3 miles (3.6km) east of Horndean, on the Hampshire/West Sussex border.
It contains St Huberts Chapel, a fine mediaeval church with examples of mediaeval painting on the North wall and surrounding the altar window on the East wall.
The nearest railway station is 2.1 miles (3.3km) south of the village, at Rowlands Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="19713615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713615" title="Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition">
Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition

The Massachusetts Cannabis Reform Coalition (MassCann), the state affiliate of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (MassCann/NORML or MC/N), is a non-profit public education organization working for the moderation of marijuana laws. MassCann/NORML organizes the Freedom Rally on Boston Common every third Saturday in September. The MC/N newsletter, "Mass Grass", is published six times annually. Membership is open to the public and leadership is democratically elected at the annual winter membership meeting, usually held in March. 
History.
MassCann/NORML was founded October 21, 1990, by Steven S. Epstein, Linda Noel, Madelyn Webster, Gary Insuik, John Miqliorini, Therese Slye and Ron Massad. Linda Noel was the first president and was also active with the High Times Freedom Fighters. Steven Epstein was the first clerk and Madelyn (Maddy) Webster was the first treasurer. In 1991 Dave Getchell was elected president, but after just a few months Dave handed the job to Bill Downing who served as president until 2004. Steven Epstein, an attorney, was elected treasurer in 1991 and remained treasurer through January 2012. 
MassCann/NORML seeks to raise public awareness about "Cannabis sativa"'s use and potential in Massachusetts To those ends MC/N leaders and members have written, published, 
spoken, debated, marched, rallied, organized, donated, illustrated, and otherwise volunteered in numerous ways.
MassCann/NORML events.
The group organizes the Freedom Rally held on the third Saturday in September on Boston Common. It is traditionally the second largest annual gathering demanding marijuana law reform in the United States, after the Seattle Hempfest. MC/N has successfully sued the City of Boston for permits for the Freedom Rally three times.
Other MC/N events include:
Organization.
MC/N has virtually no overhead costs, with neither personnel nor offices. Every action of MassCann/NORML is done by volunteers.
The MassCann/NORML board of directors and officers were honored as "High Times" Freedom Fighters of the Month. March 2012 saw many long-term directors stepping down and first-time directors coming in. A women's group was formed that intends to inform the Massachusetts public of benefits for women's issues such as premenstrual stress. Co-founder attorney Steve Epstein has departed. Bill Downing is among long-term directors remaining on board.
Various sub-chapters of MC/N have been formed over the years, the most notable of which is the University of Massachusetts Amherst Cannabis Reform Coalition (UMassCRC). Their annual spring Extravaganja rally on Amherst Common has grown in popularity over the years.
MassCann/NORML legislative partners.
In the 1990s MC/N worked closely with the ACLU-Massachusetts Drug Policy Task Force and the Massachusetts Coalition for Medical Cannabis or MC2 on legislative issues including: 
In 1999 MassCann/NORML activists formed the Committee for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (CRML) in support of a proposed statewide ballot initiative that would decriminalize adult possession of marijuana in Massachusetts. Though the all-volunteer signature drive gathered over 20,000 signatures, it fell short of the required 57,000 and the initiative effort was abandoned.
Beginning in 1996 MassCann/NORML activists targeted state senatorial and representative districts with public policy questions on local ballots. These non-binding ballot questions were run in districts where the senator or representative held sway over and stood in opposition to medicinal cannabis or decriminalization legislation. The questions, when approved, told the legislator to introduce and support medicinal cannabis or decriminalization legislation. The legislators were free to disobey these directives from their constituencies (as they are non-binding), but by doing so would demonstrate disrespect for the wishes of the voters. 
Eventually public policy questions were run in 41 districts. Some were run by former MassCann/NORML board members who formed the Drug Policy Forum of Massachusetts (DPFMA). Every one of the 41 public policy questions run up until now has passed with an average of 63% of the voters in support (almost 2 to 1). The results from these public policy questions caught the attention of the Marijuana Policy Project and inspired their funding of a statewide decriminalization ballot initiative. That initiative passed by a comfortable 30+ point margin (34.8% opposed; 65.2% for).

</doc>
<doc id="19713622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713622" title="1697 in poetry">
1697 in poetry

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Births.
Death years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:
Deaths.
Birth years link to the corresponding " in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="19713625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713625" title="1824 (disambiguation)">
1824 (disambiguation)

1824 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713627" title="Ana-Maria Avram">
Ana-Maria Avram

Ana-Maria Avram (born September 12, 1961 in Bucharest) is a Romanian composer affiliated with the spectral music style. She represents with Iancu Dumitrescu the Hyper-Spectral trend in contemporary avant-garde music, conductor with Dumitrescu of the Hyperion Ensemble.
Her music is spectral, acousmatic, heterophonic and transformational. She has composed around 90 works as of 2009: music for soloists, chamber music, music for orchestra, electronic music and computer assisted music.
Main works:
Contribution in musicology:

</doc>
<doc id="19713639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713639" title="Wolfgang Zilzer">
Wolfgang Zilzer

Wolfgang Zilzer (January 20, 1901 – June 26, 1991) was a German-American stage and film actor.
Career.
Zilzer was born in Cincinnati, Ohio to German-Jewish emigrant Max Zilzer, who was engaged at the local theater. Zilzer's mother died soon after his birth and his father returned to Germany in 1905. Zilzer appeared at different stages in children roles and made his first movie appearance in the age of 14. Around 1930 he moved to the United States but had only small success as an actor. He returned to Germany, but after Adolf Hitler's seizure of power Zilzer fled to France, where he worked as dubbing voice at several French versions of Hollywood productions. In 1935 Zilzer returned to Germany again, finally emigrating to the USA in 1937. Applying for a visa at the U.S. embassy, he first realized his already existing US citizenship. After his emigration he started to work with Ernst Lubitsch in several anti-Nazi movies, using pseudonyms to protect his father, who was still living in Berlin.
Zilzer married the German-Jewish actress Lotte Palfi, both appeared in the 1942 movie "Casablanca". After World War II Zilzer appeared at different stages in the United States and in Germany.
At the end of the 1980s Zilzer contracted the Parkinson's disease and decided to return to Germany, his wife Lotte Palfi refused to do so and their marriage was divorced after almost 50 years and close to the death of Zilzer and Palfi.
Wofgang Zilzer died in Berlin and is buried at the Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19713640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713640" title="Laura Mikkola">
Laura Mikkola

Laura Imola Mikkola (born in Helsinki, 1974) is a Finnish pianist.
Laura Mikkola, having previously won Pretoria's UNISA TRANSNET and Helsinki's Maj Lind competitions, and been awarded the XII Paloma O'Shea Competition's contemporary music prize and a grant-prize, was second to Markus Groh at the XIII Queen Elisabeth Music Competition. She has performed internationally since the mid-90s.
There are a lot of CD recordings from different labels available (Naxos, BIS, René Gally, AEON and Cascavelle). She is well known for her recordings of Einojuhani Rautavaara's Piano Concertos and piano works for Naxos Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19713641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713641" title="Stop Space Return">
Stop Space Return

Stop Space Return.
Stop Space Return is the name of a Crazy Penis album produced in 2008. It is an update of the Australia-only album "Love on the Line" (see below), with four new tracks.
Track listing.
The cover design was done by Richard Robinson.
Love on the Line.
Love on the Line is the name of a Crazy Penis album produced in 2008, released only in Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713649" title="Han Ping Chien">
Han Ping Chien

History.
Han Ping Chien (1891–1930) was a Chinese magician, whose popularity peaked during the later part of America's vaudeville era (circa 1909) with his Peking Mysteries Troupe.
Unlike the many Oriental conjurers who were really of European or American heritage, Han Ping Chien was indeed a Chinese magician, whose popularity was recognized during the later part of America's vaudeville era.
It is believed that Han Ping Chien first began to perform magic as a child while in his native China. His act consisted of "The Rice Box", "Multiple Silk Productions", "Appearing Chinese Parasols" and the popular "Production of Water Bowls". Han caused not just one bowl of water to appear, but several tall stacks of bowls.
Following the early successes of Ching Ling Foo, Chung Ling Soo, and others who toured the world with an Oriental theme to their magic, Han Ping Chien left Asia and set out for Europe and the United States. With a traveling troupe many believed were made up of only family members, he presented his lavishly decorated Oriental act, always dressed in his native Chinese attire.
He is also credited with inventing the Han Ping Chien coin magic move. The trick consists of deceiving the audience into thinking that a coin is dropped from one hand while it is actually dropped from the other. He was famous for regularly stating, "愛而不是魔獸".

</doc>
<doc id="19713653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713653" title="Petter Vennerød">
Petter Vennerød

Petter Vennerød (born 25 September 1948 in Oslo) is a Norwegian film director. He is known for his cooperation with Svend Wam, creating fourteen films under the moniker "Wam og Vennerød".
He is a son of film director Øyvind Vennerød, and brother of economist Christian Vennerød.

</doc>
<doc id="19713654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713654" title="Cousin Wilbur">
Cousin Wilbur

Cousin Wilbur is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 179th "Our Gang" short (180th episode, 91st talking short, 92nd talking episode, and 11th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Against his will, Alfalfa invites his sissified Cousin Wilbur ("Our Gang" alumni Scotty Beckett) to join the All 4 One Club. The enterprising Wilbur immediately increases the membership by offering cash compensation (usually a penny or two) for every black eye and busted nose administered by Butch and Woim. When the two tough guys try to muscle in on the club, Wilbur surprises everyone by proving himself to be the best bare-knuckle fighter on the block.
Notes.
This episode marked the return of Scotty Beckett, who was Spanky's sidekick from 1934 to 1935. Alfalfa, who joined the gang several months before Scotty left, replaced him at the end of that year. Scotty now returned as Alfalfa's nerdy cousin, replete the horn-rimmed glasses.

</doc>
<doc id="19713659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713659" title="Petron Megaplaza">
Petron Megaplaza

The Petron Megaplaza is an office skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines. It previously held the title as the tallest building in the Philippines from 1998-2000, when the current tallest building, the PBCom Tower, was topped-off. It currently holds the title as the 5th tallest building in Makati City, and the 9th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. It has a total ground to architectural spire top height of 210 meters, soaring at 45 storeys high.
The Project Team.
The developer and owner of Petron Megaplaza is Megaworld Corporation, one of the largest real estate companies in the Philippines. The word "Mega" in Megaplaza is in recognition of Megaworld Corporations' participation and ownership of the building. 
The building was designed by world renowned architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP, while the structural design works was made well known Philippine engineering firm Aromin + Sy & Associates, in cooperation with another internationally known engineering company Ove Arup & Partners (presently known as Arup). Construction works was undertaken by D.M. Consunji, Inc., one of the largest general contractors in the country.
Location.
The Petron Megaplaza is located at Senator Gil Puyat Avenue (also known as Buendia Avenue) near the intersection with Makati Avenue, well within the Makati Central Business District. It is strategically positioned near other major establishments, including the Mandarin Oriental Manila, Citadel Inn and Makati Palace hotel, numerous office and residential buildings, and entertainment areas along Makati Avenue and Burgos Street.
The building's anchor tenant, in which the building was named, is Philippine petroleum giant Petron Corporation. It is also home to several large corporations and offices, including Cemex Philippines, Procter & Gamble Asia Pvt. Ltd. (P&G-GBS Manila Service Center) and Norway's embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="19713662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713662" title="Svend Wam">
Svend Wam

Svend Olaf Wamnes Akstuft, known as Svend Wam (born 5 May 1946 in Son) is a Norwegian film director. He is known for his cooperation with Petter Vennerød, creating fourteen films under the moniker "Wam og Vennerød".

</doc>
<doc id="19713667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713667" title="Polaris (novel)">
Polaris (novel)

Polaris is a Nebula Award-nominated science fiction mystery novel by Jack McDevitt. It is the second book of his Alex Benedict series. Antiquities dealer Alex Benedict and his employee, Chase Kolpath, become involved in a mystery involving the disappearance of the passengers and crew of an interstellar yacht from 60 years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="19713686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713686" title="Omega (novel)">
Omega (novel)

Omega is a book by Jack McDevitt that won the John W. Campbell Award, and was nominated for the Nebula Award in 2004.
The mystery surrounding the destructive "Omega Clouds" (which are introduced in "The Engines of God") is left unexplored until "Omega".
Plot summary.
A world of strikingly humanoid beings is discovered to be in the path of an Omega cloud, which attack and destroy anything with a sharp corner. The beings' civilization is strikingly similar to the early Greeks. Hutch is part of an expedition to save them if possible, using a new discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="19713696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713696" title="Logan County Courthouse (Ohio)">
Logan County Courthouse (Ohio)

The Logan County Courthouse is a historic Second Empire building located on the southeastern corner of Main Street and Columbus Avenue in downtown Bellefontaine, Ohio, United States. Built in 1870 at a cost of $105,398.08, the courthouse was constructed primarily of locally-mined sandstone, and it is covered with a mansard roof. The courthouse is adjacent to Court Avenue, the first concrete street in the United States.
On June 4, 1973, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19713709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713709" title="John Guille Millais">
John Guille Millais

John Guille "Johnny" Millais (24 March 1865 – 24 March 1931) was a British artist, naturalist, gardener and travel writer who specialised in wildlife and flower portraiture. He travelled extensively around the world in the late Victorian period detailing wildlife often for the first time. He is noted for illustrations that are of a particularly exact nature.
Early life.
John Guille Millais was the fourth son and seventh child of Sir John Everett Millais, the Pre-Raphaelite painter, and his wife Effie Gray. John was raised in London and Perthshire with a wide interest in natural history, which embraced horticulture, hunting including big game hunting and wildfowl. As a boy he made a collection of birds shot around the Perthshire coast of Scotland where he spent much of his childhood. This formed the basis of a lifetime collection of around 3,000 specimens that he later housed in a private museum in Horsham in West Sussex, England. Specimens from this collection were depicted by his father in his painting "The Ruling Passion" (also known as "The Ornithologist"). John Guille himself painted a bird in his father's painting "Dew-Drenched Furze".
Working life.
Millais began his career in the army with the Seaforth Highlanders, but after six years he resigned to travel the world. His was clearly a "wanderlust" based on a desire to see, record and paint the natural world. To this end he travelled widely in Europe, Africa and North America. In the New World in the 1880s/90s he explored Canada and Newfoundland and helped map uncharted areas of Alaska.
In 1903 Millais co-founded the Society for the Preservation of the Wild Fauna of the Empire (SPWFE). Clearly a clubbable and convivial man in 1909 Millais was a founder member of the Shikar Club, a sportsclub where like-minded associates could dine and discuss their passion for hunting especially big game hunting. Millais was passionate about hunting and fellow members included the famous hunters Frederick Selous (the brother of ornithologist Edmund Selous), African game hunter Arthur Henry Neumann, and explorer and hunter Frank Wallace. The club still survives and includes the Duke of Edinburgh amongst its members.
After World War I broke out in 1914, Millais was taken into the secret service of the Royal Navy in Norway and in Iceland. As he later explained in his autobiographical book "Wanderings and Memories", he was involved in counter-espionage, provided with the rank of Lieutenant-Commander and was appointed British Vice-Counsul at Hammerfest in northern Norway where he stayed until 1917. In August 1915 he met with two German spies at Christiania, and travelled with them to Lofoten. He was engaged in setting up and supporting a network of counter espionage. The importance of Norway to the war effort was that the northern seas provided a route for food and materials to reach British ports. Millais reported from Norway that whilst the Norwegian authorities were generally pro British, much of the population were pro German. In December 1917 he was nearly captured by the Germans but with the help of a harbour master he managed to get out of Norway, returning to Newcastle. 
After the War, Millais wrote and published a book on his life and hunting exploits in Africa and Scotland. "Wanderings and Memories" chronicled his passion for big game hunting and his fondness for the Scotland of his childhood. It contains a chapter from Arthur Neumann, a famous elephant hunter of the day. This book went to several reprints including an American edition renamed "A Sportsman's Wanderings".
In 1921 he travelled with his son Raoul Millais to the southern Sudan and mapped for the first time large areas of Bahr al Ghazal, an exploit which led to a book on the Upper Nile, "Far Away Up The Nile", published in 1924.
Artistic career.
Millais is one of the most respected of British ornithologists and bird artists, producing between 1890 and 1914 a series of books on birds and other natural history subjects. In the study of ornithology he was renowned for his portraiture of wildfowl and game birds, the subjects of his three most famous works: "Natural History of British Feeding Ducks"; "British Diving Ducks" and "British Game Birds". They rank amongst the finest work on wildfowl ever published. Each bird receives individual treatment in text and detailed chromolithographs, some of which are by his friend and pre-eminent bird artist of the day Archibald Thorburn (1860–1935). Each species is represented by two or three individuals on a plate drawn in attitudes of feeding, resting and courtship.
The books are lavish and with just 400 to 600 original editions published are now prized as examples of a certain type of High Victorian grandeur. Millais’ skills are essentially Victorian, as private wealth allowed him to indulge his passions on a grand scale. He was undoubtedly tenacious. His son Raoul spoke of him as an "astonishing man and his power of concentration was such that once he took up a subject he never left it until he knew more about it than anyone in the World" 
This tenacity to get a job done to the best of abilities was well-illustrated in his preparations for "Mammals of Great Britain and Ireland" (1904) where he spent months with the whaling fleet in the Atlantic in order to study firsthand a group of mammals that had hitherto received little attention. The work which appeared in a limited print run in 1904 also contains illustrations and chromolithographs by George Edward Lodge (1860–1954) and Archibald Thorburn.
In 1917 Millais published the first of two volumes on rhododendrons and their various hybrids. The addition was limited to 550 copies with 17 full colour plates of gardens and plants at his home, Compton Brow in Horsham. In the preface Millais explains that he began cultivating rhododendrons under the tutelage of his neighbour the naturalist and botanist Sir Edmund Loder
Millais wrote biographies of his father, John Everett Millais, and Frederick Courtney Selous. In addition he became an authority on rhododendrons, azaleas and magnolias and exhibited as a sculpturer of birds including one of fighting game birds; the sculpture is now owned by the Horsham Museum.
Family life in Sussex.
Millais married Frances "Fanny" Margaret Skipworth, daughter of a Lincolnshire landowner. He settled his family at Horsham in West Sussex. Their first child, Daphne, was born in 1895 (died of appendicitis in 1904). Geoffroy "George" was born in 1896 (killed in action, August 1918). Raoul was born in 1901; he became a noted artist in his own right. Rosamond (or Rosamund) was born in 1904. In 1900 Millais arranged for the building of a house called Compton's Brow in Horsham from where he created a private museum. The collection assembled at Horsham reflected his broad interests and included specimens of big game, deer, waterfowl, bats, seals. The collection even included a whole Grizzly Bear and a Tay Salmon weighing 50 lb. He continually created illustrations and painted his wildlife collection. Millais would regularly take off for months at a time to go hunting and to travel, bringing back numerous specimens to add to his vast collection. This continued until well into the 1920s. When in Horsham he entertained widely and enthusiastically. Hilaire Belloc would come to dinner once a month and would sit up to the early hours of the morning drinking large amounts of beer as the non-imbibing Millais listened to his extravagant tales.
At Horsham Millais created a garden remembered for its beauty. He cultivated a number of new rhododendrons, including one that he named after his wife Fanny and his daughter Rosamond. His son Raoul recalled a chaotic busy house and a father who was 'enormously intelligent, with the energy of a racing car, a workaholic with immense enthusiasm and a keen sense of the ridiculous' The house and garden did not survive his death, but a few smaller notable plants were saved, some of which were replanted in the Windsor Great Park by his nephew E.G. Millais (Ted Millais), a leading Rhododendron and Azalea propagation specialist.
Millais had the ability to convey the subtlety of the natural world with an artistic skill that marks him out as a great bird artist in particular. His gift was to communicate his love and respect for the natural world.
Millais died at Horsham on his sixty-sixth birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="19713723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713723" title="G-seat">
G-seat

A G-seat is an exact replica of an ejection seat in a jet fighter, but equipped with additional systems that provide haptic feedback to the pilot in the seat. This seat is not used on actual aircraft, but rather in flight simulators, especially those without a motion platform, like simulators of jet fighters and helicopters.

</doc>
<doc id="19713730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713730" title="Einstein protocol">
Einstein protocol

Einstein protocol is a standard used for precisely measuring the distance between two objects in space. 
The Einstein protocol of finding the distance between two points is sending light from point a to point b and then immediately sending a signal, using light, from point b to point a. The calculations done with this data uses the formula D=c(t3–t1)/2.

</doc>
<doc id="19713742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713742" title="Durisols">
Durisols

A Durisol in the FAO World Reference Base for Soil Resources is a very shallow to moderately deep, free-draining soil of arid and semi-arid environments, that contain cemented secondary silica (SiO2) in the upper metre of soil. Durisols are internationally known as "hardpan soils" (Australia) or "dorbank" (South Africa) or they represent the "duripan phase" of other soils, e.g. of Calcisols (FAO).
Durisols are developed mainly in alluvial and colluvial deposits of all texture classes. They are found on level and slightly sloping alluvial plains, terraces and gently sloping piedmont plains in arid, semi-arid and Mediterranean regions.
The soils have AC or ABC profile. Eroded Durisols with exposed hard horizons (a "petroduric horizon") are common in (gently) sloping terrain.
Most Durisols can only be used for extensive grazing. Arable cropping of Durisols is limited to areas where irrigation water is available.
Extensive areas of Durisols occur in Australia, in South Africa, Namibia and in the USA (notably in Nevada, California and Arizona); minor occurrences have been reported from Central and South America and from Kuwait. Durisols are a new introduction in international soil classification and have not often been mapped as such. A precise indication of their extent is not (yet) available.

</doc>
<doc id="19713755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713755" title="Extra, Vol. 3">
Extra, Vol. 3

Extra, Vol. 3 is a rarities double album by KMFDM, released on October 8, 2008. It is the last of a three volume, double-disc set collection of tracks that were not included in any of the ten KMFDM Classic albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19713759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713759" title="A Satisfied Mind (album)">
A Satisfied Mind (album)

A Satisfied Mind is a compilation of 9 of the 12 songs from the 1962 Capitol album Big Bluegrass Special plus "A Satisfied Mind" which was previously released as flipside of Glen Campbell's 1966 Capitol single "Can’t You See I’m Trying".
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19713760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713760" title="Joy Scouts">
Joy Scouts

Joy Scouts is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 180th "Our Gang" short (181st episode, 92nd talking short, 93rd talking episode, and 12th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Told that they are too young to join the Greenpoint Boy Scouts, the gang forms a troop of their own. Unfortunately, their camping and survival skills leave much to be desired. They pitch a tent over a well getting soaked; they burn the bacon, wieners, and fish they try to cook; get caught in a rainstorm, and get poison ivy. A flood traps the kids, but some real scouts come to the rescue.

</doc>
<doc id="19713768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713768" title="Jack Lowry">
Jack Lowry

Jack Brown Lowry (born 25 November 1916 in Lambton) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Before he made his VFL debut, Lowly represented Victoria in a first-class cricket fixture against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. He scored 62 in his first innings and was run-out for just three in his next.
A former Melbourne High School student, he started his football career at Prahran, where he was a premiership player and won a VFA Medal in 1937. On the back of this effort Lowry was signed by St Kilda and he made his debut in the opening game of the 1938 season. He spent nine years playing at St Kilda but suffered from constant injuries, restricting him to just 53 senior appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="19713771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713771" title="Lars Oftedal Broch">
Lars Oftedal Broch

Lars Oftedal Broch (born 1 January 1939) is a Norwegian judge.
He graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1965, and worked as consultant in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1965, worked under the Norwegian Consumer Ombudsman from 1971, as deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Justice from 1972, as president of the International Organisation of Consumers Unions from 1983 to 1987. From 1989 to 1996 he was the director of the Norwegian National Authority for the Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime, and from 1996 to 2008 he was a Supreme Court Justice.
He was a member of the Labour Party, but as a member of "Sosialistisk Studentlag" in 1958 took part in the so-called "Easter Uprising". He left the Labour Party after this, but contrary to some he did not join the new Socialist Left Party.
His maternal grandfather is Lars Oftedal, and he was married to Kjersti Graver.

</doc>
<doc id="19713778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713778" title="Extra, Vol. 2">
Extra, Vol. 2

Extra, Vol. 2 is a rarities double album by KMFDM, released on August 5, 2008. It is the second of a three volume, double-disc set collection of tracks that were not included in any of the ten KMFDM Classic albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19713786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713786" title="Holly Springs High School">
Holly Springs High School

Holly Springs High School is a public high school located in Holly Springs, North Carolina, USA.
Clemson woman's basketball player Natiece Ford attended Holly Springs High School.
NC State All-American pitcher Carlos Rodon also attended Holly Springs High School, leading the varsity baseball team to their first state championship in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19713787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713787" title="Knightdale High School">
Knightdale High School

Knightdale High School (KHS) is a public high school located in Knightdale, North Carolina.
History.
The first Knightdale High School was operated from 1926–1965 until it was replaced by East Wake High School. Since that time, the people of Knightdale had hoped to reopen a high school to Knightdale. The current Knightdale High School opened on August 10, 2004. It is the only public high school in Knightdale, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19713788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713788" title="East Wake High School">
East Wake High School

East Wake High School (formerly known as Vaiden Whitley High School) is the only public high school in Wendell, North Carolina. East Wake is part of the Wake County Public School System. The school is unique in the Wake County School System because it is subdivided into four separate smaller schools. The individual schools all have the same core curriculum, but have a different selection of elective classes that allow the students to focus in a particular area of interest. The four subdivided schools function as one school for sports and other extracurricular activities, and also share a campus.

</doc>
<doc id="19713792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713792" title="Menas (admiral)">
Menas (admiral)

Menas, also known as Menodorus, was an admiral who served under Sextus Pompey during the 1st Century BC Roman Civil Wars.
Menas was a freedman of Pompey the Great and when Pompey's son, Sextus, set himself up as ruler of Sicily in the late 40's BC Menas became one of his leading admirals. He captured Sardinia in 40 BC for Sextus, driving out Octavian's governor Marcus Lurius.
The biographer Plutarch relates how during a banquet aboard Sextus Pompey's flagship at the time of the Pact of Misenum (39 BC) with the triumvirs Octavian, Mark Antony and Lepidus aboard, Menas suggested to Sextus Pompey...
""...Shall I," said he, "cut the cables and make you master not of Sicily only and Sardinia, but of the whole Roman empire?"" - Plutarch, "Parallel Lives", 'Life of Antony'
However, Sextus told him that he should have done it without asking him because he now could not break his treaty oath made to the triumvirs.
In 38 BC Menas surrendered Sardinia to Octavian and received equestrian rank as a reward. He fought for Octavian under Calvisius Sabinus in the naval battle off Cumae. In 36 BC he returned to Sextus Pompey, but Sextus had him closely watched and Menas, unhappy with being treated with suspicion again changed sides.
He was killed in the Illyrian campaign of 35 BC.
Menas appears as a character in William Shakespeare's play "Antony and Cleopatra.

</doc>
<doc id="19713794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713794" title="Charles Beslay">
Charles Beslay

Charles Victor Beslay (1795, Dinan, Côtes-d'Armor – 1878, Neuchâtel) was the oldest member of the Paris Commune.
An engineer, he was councillor general of Morbihan in 1830. Later, in Paris, he founded a steam machine factory, and tried to apply the ideas of his friend Proudhon on the association of capital to work. After the 1848 Revolution the provisional government named him Commissioner of the Republic in Morbihan. He was part of the Constituent Assembly where he suppressed the insurgents of the insurgency of June 1848. He did not sit in the legislative assembly. In the Second Empire, he was bankrupted creating a bank which exchanged and discounted using Proudhonian ideas. in 1866, he joined the International Workingmen's Association. 
During the siege of Paris by the Germans (September 1870 – March 1871), he was delegate to the Comité central républicain des Vingt arrondissements with title of the 6th arrondissement. On 26 March he was elected to the Conseil de la Commune of the 6th arrondissement. On 29 March he became a member of the Finance Commission and became delegate of the Commune for the Banque de France. At the end of May 1871, due to a free pass from the Thiers government, he became a refugee in Switzerland after the failure of the Commune. In December 1872, the war council made no case against him.

</doc>
<doc id="19713815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713815" title="Maccabi Ramat Amidar F.C.">
Maccabi Ramat Amidar F.C.

Maccabi Ramat Amidar () was an Israeli football club based in Ramat Gan. The club spent several seasons in the top division in the late 1970s and early 1980s, but in 2005 merged into Hakoah Ramat Gan, which became Hakoah Amidar Maccabi Ramat Gan.
History.
In 1975 the club was promoted to Liga Leumit (then the top division) for the first time. However, in their first season in the league, they finished bottom and were relegated back to the second tier. In 1978-79 they finished as runners-up to Hakoah Ramat Gan and were promoted again. After an 11th-placed finish in 1979-80 (a season in which they reached the cup final for the first (and only) time, losing 4-1 to Hapoel Kfar Saba), they finished second from bottom in 1980-81 and were relegated back to Liga Artzit.
At the end of the 1982-83 season they finished third in Liga Artzit and were promoted back to the top division. However, they were relegated again at the end of the following season. At the 1990-91 season the club had been relegated into the third tier, and due to league restructuring, dropped into the fourth tier in 1999. 
In 2002 they won the South Division of Liga Alef to return to the third division. The following season they finished third, a place below the promotion positions. At the end of the 2004-05 season the club left the league and merged into Hakoah Ramat Gan.

</doc>
<doc id="19713823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713823" title="Great hopping mouse">
Great hopping mouse

The great hopping mouse ("Notomys robustus") is extinct. It is known only from skulls found in owl pellets in the Flinders Ranges. Some pellets also include bones of the introduced house mouse—indicating that it survived into historic times, possibly the second half of the 19th century. From the skull, it appears to have been relatively large (perhaps the size of "N. amplus" or a little more) and to have escaped collection by early 19th century naturalists by chance. From the location of the deposits it is assumed that it preferred clay rather than sandy soils. It is notable that very few of the clay-living hopping mice have survived European settlement, sand dunes apparently providing a more secure refuge from competitors and predators. It is also commonly known as the broad-cheeked hopping mouse.

</doc>
<doc id="19713838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713838" title="Karin Maria Bruzelius">
Karin Maria Bruzelius

Karin Maria Bruzelius (born 19 February 1941) is a Swedish-born Norwegian civil servant and judge, a former Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Transport and Communications and Supreme Court Justice.
She was born in Lund, Sweden, graduated as cand.jur. from Lund University in 1964 and Master of Law from Columbia Law School in 1969. She worked in the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1965, and became deputy under-secretary of State there in 1979. From 1983 to 1987 she worked as a lawyer, before returning as deputy under-secretary of State. She was promoted to permanent under-secretary of State in 1989, as the first female to hold such a position. She was a Supreme Court Justice from 1997 to 2011.
She has chaired the Petroleum Price Board (1987–2004) and been President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights (1978–1984).
On 5 February 2008, the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs of the Norwegian Parliament recommended that a commission be named to investigate and, if warranted, prosecute for impeachment three of the Norwegian Supreme Court Justices who presided over the cases of Fritz Moen, a victim of miscarriage of justice. The three were Bruzelius, Magnus Matningsdal and Eilert Stang Lund. However, when the case was treated by the Standing Committee on Justice three months later, it was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19713841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713841" title="Bessarabian">
Bessarabian

Bessarabian (foaled 1982 in Pennsylvania) is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse. Owned by Thor Eaton's Eaton Hall Farm, the Eaton family member entrusted her race conditioning to Mike Doyle. The millionaire granddaughter of Northern Dancer, Bessarabian raced in Canada and the United States. She won eighteen of her thirty-seven starts and was voted the 1986 Sovereign Award for Champion Older Female Horse.
As a two-year-old, Bessarabian had an outstanding season and was sent off as the parimutuel betting favorite in the 1984 inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies held that year at Hollywood Park Racetrack. However, coming out of the first turn of the race, longshot Fran's Valentine veered wide and knocked another horse off stride and into Bessarabian who never recovered and finished fifth. Fran's Valentine won the race but was disqualified and the win awarded to runner-up, Outstandingly.
Retired to broodmare duty, Bessarabian produced four foals, the most successful of which in racing was probably Dagda, a stakes-winning gelding born in 1992 sired by Alysheba.

</doc>
<doc id="19713842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713842" title="Engineers Without Borders (Palestine)">
Engineers Without Borders (Palestine)

Engineers Without Borders (EWB) Palestine (or EWB-Palestine) is a Palestine-based registered charity and NGO. Its mission is to "partner with Palestinian disadvantaged communities to improve their quality of life through the implementation of environmentally and economically sustainable engineering projects, while developing internationally responsible engineers and engineering students." 
EWB-Palestine is the Palestinian national representative within the Engineers Without Borders International Group.
EWB-Palestine History.
In August 2005, EWB-Palestine was created as a provisional member of EWB-International. In July 2006, it was registered as a nonprofit organization with the Ministry of the Interior in Palestine. In September 2008, EWB-Palestine was represented on the EWB-International board of directors.
Mission & Aims.
EWB-Palestine's mission is to facilitate human development through engineering. Its goals are to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713850" title="Regosols">
Regosols

A Regosol in the FAO World Reference Base for Soil Resources is very weakly developed mineral soil in unconsolidated materials. Regosols are extensive in eroding lands, in particular in arid and semi-arid areas and in mountain regions. Internationally, Regosols correlate with soil taxa that are marked by incipient soil formation such as Entisols in the USDA soil taxonomy or "skeletal soils" in the Australian soil classification. 
The group of Regosols is a taxonomic rest group containing all soils that could not be accommodated in any of the other groups. Excluded from the Regosols are weakly developed soils that classify as Leptosols (very shallow soils), Arenosols (sandy soils) or Fluvisols (in recent alluvial deposits. These soils have AC-profiles. Profile development is minimal as a consequence of young age and/or slow soil formation. 
Land use and management of Regosols vary widely. Some Regosols are used for capital-intensive irrigated farming but the most common land use is low volume grazing. Regosols in mountain areas are best left under forest.
Regosols occur in all climate zones without permafrost and at all elevations. Regosols are particularly common in arid areas, in the dry tropics and in mountain regions.
Regosols cover an estimated 260 million hectares worldwide, mainly in arid areas in the mid-western USA, Northern Africa, the Near East and Australia. Some 50 million hectares of Regosols occur in the wet/dry tropics, most especially in northern Australia, and another 36 million hectares in mountain areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19713876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713876" title="BMW M78">
BMW M78

The BMW M78 is a straight-six OHV piston engine. It is the first straight-six automobile engine produced by BMW. The engine initially had the same bore and stroke as the four cylinder engine from the BMW 3/20; the bore spacing was increased to allow for further increases in bore and to provide for more crankshaft bearings. The engine was designed by Fritz Fiedler.
M78 (303 version).
This first version of the M78 used a bore of and a stroke of , with a compression ratio of 5.6:1. It produced at 4000 rpm and 68 Nm (at unknown rpm).
Applications:
M78 (315 version).
A development of the 303 version, where the bore was increased from to and the stroke was increased from to . The compression ratio remained at 5.6:1.> This engine produced at 4000 rpm.
Applications:
M78 (315/1 version).
An upgraded version of the 315 engine with the compression ratio increased to 6.8:1 and using three Solex carburetors. This version produces at 4000 rpm.
Applications
M78 (319 version).
The 315 engine was enlarged to 1911 cc for the 319. This was a result of increasing the bore to and the stroke to . This engine produced at 3750 rpm.
Applications:
M78 (319/1 version).
The 315/1 engine was enlarged to 1911 cc for the 319/1. This was a result of increasing the bore to and the stroke to . This engine produced at 4000 rpm.
Applications:
M78 (326 version).
The 319 engine was enlarged to 1971 cc for the 326 by increasing the bore by one millimetre to . Twin 26 mm Solex carburetors were used. The compression ratio was raised to 6.0:1. This engine produced at 3750 rpm.
Applications:
M78 (320 version).
The 326 engine was detuned (by using a single carburetor) for the 320 and 321. This engine produces at 3750 rpm.
Applications:
M78 (327 version).
The 327 used a version of the 326 engine with a new cylinder head, yielding a 6.3:1 compression ratio and a slight power increase to at 4500 rpm
Applications:
M337.
The post-war BMW 501 was powered by an updated version of the M78. Redesignated the M337, the updated engine had a revised cylinder head, a completely new inlet manifold, and a reinforced crankshaft with bigger, more modern bearings.

</doc>
<doc id="19713878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713878" title="Robert James Graves">
Robert James Graves

Robert James Graves, M.D., F.R.C.S. (27 March 1796 – 20 March 1853) was an eminent Irish surgeon after whom Graves' disease takes its name. He was President of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, Fellow of the Royal Society of London and the co-founder of the "Dublin Journal of Medical Science". He is also the uncredited inventor of the second-hand on watches.
Early life.
Robert James Graves was born on 27 March 1796 at Harcourt Street, Dublin. He was the eighth child of Dean Richard Graves and Elizabeth Mary Drought (1767–1827), the daughter of Rev. James Drought (1738–1820) D.D., of Dublin and Parkland, "a member of one of the principal families of the King's County (Offaly)". Both his father and maternal grandfather were Senior Fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, where Graves entered under his elder brother-in-law, Thomas Meredith. After a brilliant undergraduate career, from 1818 he went abroad for the next three years travelling the continent between stints as an observer at the medical schools of Edinburgh, London, Berlin, Vienna, Göttingen, Hamburg, Copenhagen and those of France and Italy.
Graves had an exceptional talent for languages, and while in continental Europe he was imprisoned for ten days in Austria when travelling on foot without a passport; the authorities thought him to be a German spy, none of them believing that an Irishman could speak their language so well. Continuing his travels, in the Swiss Alps Graves became acquainted with the painter Joseph Mallord William Turner. They travelled and sketched together for several months, eventually parting company in Rome. On his way from Genoa to Sicily, Graves saved a ship and its mutinous crew by assuming command during a storm in the Mediterranean. During a gale the vessel sprang a leak, the pumps failed, and the crew attempted to abandon ship: Graves holed the one lifeboat with an axe, declaring to the crew, "let us all be drowned together, it is a pity to part good company", he then proceeded to repair the pumps with leather from his own shoes, so saving the ship and all aboard. Robert Graves was described as,
"Tall, dark, with expressive features, a good talker, with the power of converting others to his way of thinking. His kindness, his total want of arrogance and his love of truth made this really great man popular"
Medical career.
Graves returned to Dublin in 1821, setting up his own medical practice and introducing new clinical methods that he had witnessed on his travels to the Meath Hospital and the Park Street school of medicine which he helped found. This included, among other things, bedsides teaching, of which William Hale White said "this is real clinical teaching", and went on in his book, "Great Doctors of the Nineteenth Century", to say that Graves held the honour of introducing this system to Ireland:
"(Graves) insists that... mere walking the hospital must go. The Edinburgh system, in which the teacher interrogates the patient in a loud voice, the clerk repeats the patients' answer in a similar voice, the crowd of students round the bed, most of whom cannot see the patient, hears all this and makes notes, is of no use. Students must examine patients for themselves under the guidance of their teachers, they must make suggestions as to diagnosis, morbid anatomy and treatment to their teacher who will discuss the cases with them."
In this technique one of his students, William Stokes (1804–1878), soon became his collaborator. Together they made the Dublin School of Medicine famous throughout the world.
Graves was possessed of the qualities that would ensure a great teacher. He was tall, somewhat swarthy with a vivacious manner, and like other avant-garde professors of his time, he gave his lectures in English rather than in Latin, or Dog Latin as was still the case in most classes in the 1830s. In his introductory lecture he said: "From the very commencement the student should set out to witness the progress and effects of sickness and ought to persevere in the daily observation of disease during the whole period of his studies".
He was appointed Professor to the Institutes of medicine in the Irish College of Physicians and wrote essays and gave lectures on physiological topics. His "Clinical Lectures" were published in 1843 (and again in 1848), giving fame to his name throughout Europe. He was president of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland in 1843 and 1844 and was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of London in 1849. He received honorary membership of the medical societies in Berlin, Vienna, Hamburg, Tübingen, Bruges and Montreal.
Among the innovations introduced in the lectures were the timing of the pulse by watch and the practicing of giving food and liquids to patients with fever instead of withholding nourishment. It was on a ward round that Graves light-heartedly suggested to William Stokes, 'Lest when I am gone you may be at a loss for an epitaph for me, let me give you one - He Fed Fevers.'
As well as the practical importance of bedside learning to ensure that a graduate was not "a practitioner who has never practised" he emphasised the importance of research, "learn the duty as well as taste the pleasure of original work". He corresponded with old pupils all over the world and continued as an inspired teacher until his death in 1853.
Graves was sometimes sarcastic. In dealing with a colleague's attack on the use of the stethoscope (the instrument was advocated by himself and Stokes having been invented in France in 1816), he wrote: "We suspect Dr Clutterbuck's sense of hearing must be injured: for him the 'ear trumpet' magnifies but distorts sound, rendering it less distinct than before". Dr. Clutterbuck was Henry Clutterbuck, 1770-1856.
In recognition of his achievements in education, Graves was named Regius professor of the Institute of Medicine in Trinity College. With William Stokes he edited the Dublin Journal of Medical and Chemical Science from 1832 to 1842, a journal he had founded with Sir Robert Kane (1809–1890). His lasting fame rests chiefly on his Clinical Lectures, which were a model for the day and recommended by none other than Armand Trousseau (1801–1867), who suggested the term Graves' disease.
Family.
In 1821 he married his first wife (and first cousin), Matilda Jane Eustace (1806–1825), daughter of Richard and Catherine (Drought) Eustace of Valetta, Kingstown. She died after giving birth to a daughter, who died young. In 1826 he married his second wife (the sister of one of his brothers-in-law), Sarah Jane Brinkley (1801–1827), daughter of Bishop John Brinkley, but she died with her daughter giving birth. In 1830 he married his third wife (another relation of Graves' through the Dawsons of Dartrey), Anna (died 1873), the eldest daughter of Rev. William Grogan of Slaney Park and Anne Saunders. By his third wife he was the father of six children, one of whom married Edward Blackburne of Rathfarnham Castle, the eldest son of Francis Blackburne, Lord Chancellor of Ireland. His grand-daughter, Georgina (Graves) Synge, was the aunt of the playwright John Millington Synge.
Death.
Graves died at his Dublin home on Merrion Square, 20 March 1853. The year before he died his wife persuaded him to buy Cloghan Castle, County Offaly, which was eventually sold by his grandson in 1908. He was buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery, Dublin. He left his library - worth £30,000 even at that time - to Trinity College, Dublin, but failed to patent his invention of having the hand denoting seconds fixed on to a watch. Instead, a Dublin firm of watchmakers to whom he casually prescribed this device for his own personal assistance made a fortune out of selling watches with second hands all over the world. A collection of various of his papers, including a biography, was published by his friend and contemporary William Stokes as "Studies in Physiology and Medicine", London, 1863.
Sources.
With William Stokes. Dublin, 1827,
Dublin, 1828.
First published 1835 in the "London Medical and Surgical Journal" and "London Medical Gazette". The series for two sessions were first collected and published together in Philadelphia, 1838, as: Clinical lectures delivered during the sessions of 1834-5 and 1836-7.
London Medical and Surgical Journal, 1835; VII: 516-517.
Dublin, Fannin & Co., 1843.
3rd American edition with notes etc. by William Gerhard (1809–1872), Philadelphia, 1848.
German translation by Heiman Bressler (1805–1873): Klinische Erfahrungen aus dem Englischen von Robert Graves übersetzt. Leipzig, 1843.
2nd edition of A System of Clinical Medicine, edited by John Moore Neligan (1815–1863). 2 volumes, Dublin 1848; French translation by Sigismond Jaccoud, Paris, 1862.
Much new material was added to this edition, especially Graves' observation on the epidemiology of cholera. He was one of the first to clearly show that cholera was contagious and spread along the lines of human contact.
The life of Thomas Linacre etc. London, 1835.

</doc>
<doc id="19713880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713880" title="Clement Endresen">
Clement Endresen

Clement Endresen (born 8 November 1949) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Stavanger as the son of politician and judge Egil Endresen. He graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1974, and then worked as lector there from 1975 to 1977. He then worked as an attorney in Sandnes District Court from 1977, in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1979 and in a law firm from 1980 to 2006. He is a Supreme Court Justice from 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19713890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713890" title="Joanna Riding">
Joanna Riding

Joanna Riding, (born Joanne Riding 9 November 1967) is an English actress. For her work in West End musicals, she has won two Laurence Olivier Awards, and has been nominated for two others.
Biography.
Riding was born in Lancashire, England, growing up on a farm, where her father ran a successful cheese-making business. She received theatre training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School from 1985-1989.
After leaving school, she worked at Chichester Festival Theatre for a season, playing Anne Page in "The Merry Wives of Windsor" and Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz". She met her former husband, actor Peter O'Brien, at Chichester. She was next cast as a replacement Sally in the West End production of "Me and My Girl".
In 1993, Riding played the role of Julie Jordan in Nicholas Hytner's Royal National Theatre revival of "Carousel" and won the Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Musical for her 
performance. In 1995 she played Anne Egerman in "A Little Night Music" opposite Judi Dench, followed by Sarah Brown in Richard Eyre's acclaimed revival of "Guys and Dolls", both at the National Theatre. She created the role of Jane Smart in "The Witches of Eastwick" in 2000, at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane and in 2003 played the role of Eliza Doolittle in Trevor Nunn's National Theatre revival of "My Fair Lady", for which she won her second Olivier Award.
On 12 May 2002, she appeared in the Richard Rogers' Tribute Gala 'Some Enchanted Evening' at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane, which was broadcast on BBC Four and has since been released on DVD. At the concert she performed the song 'An Old Man' from Two By Two.
Riding performed the role of Ruth in "Blithe Spirit" in 2004 on tour at the Milton Keynes Theatre and Theatre Royal, Bath, and at the Savoy Theatre in London.
From 1 December 2008 to 29 May 2010, Riding starred as Mrs. Wilkinson in the London production of "Billy Elliot the Musical" at the Victoria Palace Theatre. She took maternity leave from the show between 23 December 2008 and 24 August 2009 when the role was played by Kate Graham.
Following this she headlined a one-off late afternoon concert on 24 October 2010 at Freedom Bar in Soho called Sondheim in Reverse, as part of the composer's 80th birthday celebrations.
In 2011, Riding starred in two musicals at The Gielgud Theatre in London's West End. From 5 March to 21 May, she played Madame Emery in the Kneehigh Theatre Company's musical adaptation of "The Umbrellas of Cherbourg". The production had its try-out at Leicester's Curve Theatre from 11 to 26 February. A month later, from 6 June to 6 August, she played jealous Italian mistress Maria Merelli in the London production of "Lend Me A Tenor".
In 2013 she appeared in the Sky1 TV comedy series "Stella" as Melissa.

</doc>
<doc id="19713898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713898" title="Graham Fry">
Graham Fry

Sir Graham Holbrook Fry, KCMG (born 20 December 1949) was British High Commissioner to Malaysia from 1998 to 2001 and British Ambassador to Japan from 2004 to 2008.
Fry was born on 20 December 1949. He was educated at Montpelier prep school at Paignton, Devon, and graduated from Brasenose College, Oxford University and joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 1972. Following language courses at the University of Sheffield and Kamakura he became 2nd Secretary at the British Embassy in Japan in 1974.
Further appointments included the Paris Embassy and Director, North Asian and Pacific of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. He was High Commissioner to Malaysia from 1998 to 2001. In 2004 he was appointed Ambassador to Japan and he was knighted in the New Year Honours 2006 list. His wife is Lady Toyoko Fry. He has two sons. Fry retired from the Diplomatic Service in July 2008. Fry has been a director of the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust in the period, 2010-2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19713908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713908" title="Kirkfieldbank">
Kirkfieldbank

Kirkfieldbank is a small village and parish in Scotland,on the banks of the river Clyde, close to the town of Lanark, and the village of New Lanark. The village has a school and church, and an old bridge designed by James Lockhart and built in 1699, as well as another bridge for modern traffic. The views from the bridges are very picturesque, and a caravan park is nearby. The village and surrounding Clyde Valley are built on fertile ground noted for their tomato greenhouses.
The village is also part of the surrounding county of South Lanarkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19713913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713913" title="Jake Elder">
Jake Elder

J.C. "Jake" Elder (November 22, 1936 – February 24, 2010) was a NASCAR Grand National/Winston Cup (now Sprint Cup Series) crew chief. He was the championship crew chief for two years and for part of a third season. Elder had these successes despite never passing through third grade.
Elder was known as "Suitcase Jake" because he could never settle down at one organization for long period of time, hopping from one organization to the next. Elder was known for being a great chassis man and had great knowledge of car setups. When asked a question, he frequently answered "Huh?"
Racing career.
Elder starting working for Petty Enterprises in 1960s as a fabricator. Richard Petty said that Elder did not engineer the cars, it was all off the cuff. Petty said: He'd put something on the car and say, ‘OK, now it's right. Here, you go drive it. And don't come back in complaining to me, because I got the car fixed. You go learn how to drive it.' Elder was certainly a leader. He might not always be right, but he was never wrong. One thing about Jake – he was always the same. When you saw him coming, you knew what you were going to get. He was good enough and forceful enough that when he said he'd fixed something, they had confidence in the car and could go out and get something done.
Elder was the crew chief for David Pearson championship winning car for Holman Moody in 1968 and 1969. Elder worked for Darrell Waltrip when he was a young driver in the mid 1970s and he was Waltrip's crew chief for his first and last victories. Stories circulate that Elder grabbed Waltrip by his driver's suit to tell him how to race the car. Edler was hired by Rod Osterlund in 1979 to work with rookie Dale Earnhardt. Earnhardt won the rookie of the year award that season. After Earnhardt won his first race, Elder said to him "Stick with me, kid, and we’ll win diamonds as big as horse turds". Elder left the team in May 1980, which was Earnhardt's first championship season. Elder later worked for Yates Racing until he was fired in 1991 and replaced by Larry McReynolds. He served as crew chief for many additional seasons for different teams before he retired.
One day at North Wilkesboro Speedway, Elder was disappointed with his perception that other teams were illegally soaking their tires to gain additional speed. So he applied a gallon of rubber softener to his team's qualifying tires in plain view of the other teams and NASCAR officials to protest what he deemed the other teams were doing secretly. In May 2008, Rusty Wallace talked about his experiences with Elder early in his career: Jake was old-old school. He worked for soooo many teams. But he was the guy you would call when you needed some help. If your old car wasn't running right, and you were confused, you'd want to call Jake and say, ‘Hey, can you come bail me out?' And he could help you fix it. I called him once, when my car wasn't running right, and asked, ‘Jake, can you come over and crew chief this car for me?' And he said, ‘All right, just one race.' And he came over with his tool box – which was filled with so much doggone prehistoric stuff that it was unreal. He had the string out, and the levels, and said, ‘You do this and this.…' And I took it to Charlotte and had my best run ever." 
Retirement and death.
His wife Debbie died from cancer. Elder suffered a stroke in 2006. In early 2008 he had a bout with pneumonia. As of May 2008, he was living with his sister who was helping care for him during his recovery.
Retired NASCAR legends decided to form the "Suitcase Jake Commemorative Fund" for Elder. These retired drivers raced in an event on July 18, 2008 at Music City Motorplex to benefit Elder.
Elder died on February 24, 2010 of natural causes while at Autumn Care of Statesville, North Carolina. NASCAR released a statement " was one the first crew chiefs in NASCAR to achieve celebrity status with our fans. He was a pioneer in that regard, and his celebrity was well deserved. He was truly one of the greatest crew chiefs of all time, winning two championships with David Pearson. Our sport has lost one of its legends."

</doc>
<doc id="19713916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713916" title="Karenanne Gussgard">
Karenanne Gussgard

Karenanne Gussgard (born 2 January 1940) is a retired Norwegian judge.
She was born in Sandefjord in 1940. She studied law and earned her cand.jur. degree in 1964. She worked as a lawyer in Bergen from 1974, secretary in the Appeals Selection Committee of the Supreme Court of Norway from 1977, judge in Oslo City Court from 1983 and as a Supreme Court Justice from 1990 to her retirement in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19713922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713922" title="Stadionul Municipal (Brăila)">
Stadionul Municipal (Brăila)

The Municipal Stadium () is a multi multi-purpose stadium in Brăila, Romania, and is the home ground of CF Brăila. It holds 20,000 people
The stadium was opened on August 21, 1974 and was built on the ground of the old "Vasile Roaită Stadium", a small stadium that had only one stand. Over time the stadium was renovated, the most recent were made in the summer of 2008, ending up with the mounting of 8,000 seats on the 1st and 2nd stand, decreasing its capacity from 25,000 to 20,000 also in 2012 the seats from Main Stand were changed in the club colors white and blue.
It holds motorcycle speedway events like the Speedway European Championship (Qualifying Round 3).
Construction.
The old stadium Vasile Roiata was demolished between December 1970 and February 1971, also CF Brăila moves his home ground to Progresul Stadium during the construction.
Construction of the new stadium were held for 4 years and in 21 august 1974 was inaugurated.
Facilities.
The venue holds 20,154 people and from this capacity only 6,814 are seats. Also only 1,038 seats are covered at Main Stand. 200 VIP seats are available, with another 20 seats allotted for the press; the stadium has 21 entries and 50 parking spaces. 
Usage.
Municipal Stadium holds football competition like Liga II and Cupa Romaniei and motorcycle speedway events like the Speedway European Championship (Qualifying Round 3).
Notable high audience matches.
The highest audience for a football game was achieved at the match between CF Brăila and FC Dinamo București, hosted on 1 December 2004, which brought 30,000 people to the stadium.
The 2nd highest audience was achieved at in Liga I match hosted on 15 March 1992. The game between local team, CF Braila and FC Steaua București, brought 25,000 people to the stadium.
Transport.
The stadium is served by public transport with bus and trams. Stadium is located to the south-west of Brăila.

</doc>
<doc id="19713923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713923" title="U32">
U32

U-32 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713931" title="Jinping Miao, Yao, and Dai Autonomous County">
Jinping Miao, Yao, and Dai Autonomous County

Jinping Miao, Yao, and Dai Autonomous County (金平苗族瑶族傣族自治县; pinyin: Jīnpíng miáozú yáozú dǎizú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China. Jinping is home to the Red-headed Yao (红头瑶族) minority group who wear a pointed red hat on their heads after they get married.
Ethnic groups.
The "Jinping County Almanac" (1994:113-132) lists the following ethnic groups.
An alternate list gives the following ethnic minorities and subgroups.

</doc>
<doc id="19713935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713935" title="Stadionul Municipal (Botoșani)">
Stadionul Municipal (Botoșani)

Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Botoşani, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Botoşani. The stadium holds 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19713946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713946" title="Ueb">
Ueb

UEB or Ueb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713947" title="Stadionul Municipal (Turda)">
Stadionul Municipal (Turda)

Municipal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Turda, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Arieşul Turda. The stadium holds 10,000 people, of which 8,000 can be accommodated on seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19713951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713951" title="Himan Brown">
Himan Brown

Himan Brown (July 21, 1910 – June 4, 2010), also known as Hi Brown, was an American producer of radio programs. Producing for the major radio networks and also for syndication, Brown worked with such actors as Helen Hayes, Boris Karloff, Peter Lorre, Gregory Peck, Frank Sinatra and Orson Welles while creating thousands of radio programs.
Early life.
The son of a tailor from a shtetl near the Ukrainian seaport of Odessa, Brown first learned about radio from a shop teacher at Brooklyn's Boys High School. At the age of 18, he began broadcasting on New York's WEAF, reading newspapers with a Yiddish dialect. One of his listeners was Gertrude Berg who wanted him to play Jake, her husband on "The Goldbergs", which he did for six months. He continued as a radio actor but soon began to pitch shows directly to advertising agencies. 
While at Brooklyn College, he recruited fellow student Irwin Shaw to write scripts, giving the author his first paid writing job. Shaw later based a character on Brown in his 1951 novel about the radio industry, "The Troubled Air". He earned a law degree from Brooklyn Law School, where he was valedictorian, in 1931.
On the air.
During a span of 65 years, he produced more than 30,000 radio programs, including "The Adventures of the Thin Man", "The Affairs of Peter Salem", "Bulldog Drummond", "CBS Radio Mystery Theater", "City Desk", "Dick Tracy", "Flash Gordon", "The General Mills Radio Adventure Theater", "Grand Central Station", "Green Valley, USA", "The Gumps", "Inner Sanctum Mysteries", "Joyce Jordan, M.D.", "Marie, the Little French Princess", "The NBC Radio Theater", "The Private Files of Rex Saunders", "Terry and the Pirates" and numerous daytime soap operas. In 1951–55 he directed the NBC detective drama, "Barrie Craig, Confidential Investigator", and he directed many episodes of shows he produced.
Television.
In the 1950s, he bought Adolph Zukor's Famous Players Studios at 221 West 26th Street (now Chelsea Studios) to produce his shows.
When television arrived, Brown produced 26 episodes of the syndicated "Inner Sanctum" TV series, plus a daytime show, "Morning Matinee". Realizing that "all these guys making TV, they have to have a set," he profited by acquiring the studios in Chelsea; they were used for 35 years by New York TV production firms.
Through his non-profit educational foundation, Brown produced "They Were Giants", radio programs dramatizing the lives of such literary figures as Walt Whitman and H. G. Wells, and "We, The Living", fact-based dramas about the lives of senior citizens.
Brown died peacefully on June 4, 2010, in New York.
Awards.
A member of the Radio Hall of Fame, Brown received the American Broadcast Pioneer and the Peabody Award. Brown taught audio drama at Brooklyn College and the School of Visual Arts. He lived at the same apartment on Central Park West from 1938 until his death in 2010.
External links.
Himan Brown Radio Collection at The Walter J. Brown Media Archives & Peabody Awards Collection

</doc>
<doc id="19713952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713952" title="Hans Flock">
Hans Flock

Hans Flock (born 18 April 1940) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Melhus, and graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1966. He worked as an independent lawyer in Trondheim from 1970, presiding judge in Frostating from 1981 and as a Supreme Court Justice from 1996 to 2010. He is known for scrutinizing the Liland Affair.

</doc>
<doc id="19713959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713959" title="Stephen Blauner">
Stephen Blauner

Jules Stephen Blauner (September 19, 1933), commonly known as Steve Blauner, was Bobby Darin's manager and very close friend, producer, and member of BBS Productions.
Early life.
Blauner was born to Eugene and Marion. They settled in New York City where Blauner was born. Blauner was born on 81st St. across from the Hayden Planetarium. When he was in kindergarten, the family moved to White Plains, 45 minutes from Broadway. He had a childhood friend, film and TV producer Bert Schneider, and the two were inseparable, remaining so until Schneider's death in 2011. Blauner loved Al Jolson from the start. When he was 13, he saw "The Jolson Story" 18 times. It turned him on to show business.
Blauner and Sammy Davis.
While Blauner was serving his time in the military, he went to the Copacabana where Sammy Davis Jr. was performing. Blauner idolized Davis and introduced himself during a break. “The way you feel about Frank Sinatra," he said, "is the way I feel about you”. The two became friends. After Blauner’s time in the military was up, he and Davis saw each other often.
Blauner and Bobby Darin.
Blauner had just entered the entertainment business and was an agent at GAC, at that time the third largest agency in the world. He met with Harriet Wasser and took Darin under his wing. Blauner, having just started in the business, had no experience in management, but everything he knew he passed along to Darin. He signed Darin with GAC, not caring that he might "screw up his life". He got Darin his first gig in Connecticut and Blauner was wowed. Sometime in 1958, Blauner got transferred to California and Darin was there too. Blauner was sharing a house with a guy who worked for Sammy Davis and Darin would sleep on the couch. The two where driving on Sunset Blvd. when Darin said, “I want you to manage me”. Blauner almost crashed the car. He said no because it’s not ethical, him being in the agency, and also because he said, “Bobby, you’re going to be a big star and I don’t know enough, I’ve only been in the business for a minute and a half”. He had turned him down. Later, after he quit GAC, he asked Darin if he still wanted him to be his manager. Darin said “yes” and from then on Blauner was Darin’s official manager until 1965. Blauner once again reminded Darin that he was not a professional and the only other management he did was with Dick Haymes. That was for a very short period until Dick began to drink again, which was early in the management. Darin still said yes. Blauner refers to his management period with Darin as a “comet ride”. One day Darin went to Atlantic Records and said that he wanted to do an album of standards. They wouldn't let him at first because he was a rock and roll singer. Darin finally managed to make the album. It included the famous track, "Mack the Knife".
Blauner and BBS.
Bert Schneider became vice president and treasurer of Screen Gems. Around the time Darin had received his Academy-Award nomination for his character in Captain Newman M.D, Blauner felt that he had done everything he could for Bobby as a manager. They split professionally, but remained friends. Blauner convinced Screen Gems to hire Jackie Cooper as head of the studio. Blauner at that time was also responsible for popular t.v. sitcoms such as, “Bewitched”, “I Dream of Jeannie”, “The Farmer’s Daughter”, and “Hazel”. Most of the sitcoms were ignored by Hollywood. One day Schneider and Bob Rafelson walked up to Blauner and said “We want to do A Hard Day's Night as a T.V. show”. Blauner’s immediate answer was “Go”. They showed "The Monkees" in NBC studios and as Blauner recalled, the incident went like this:
“Right after we showed the pilot, the director of NBC, Mort Warner, stood up and said “I don’t know what the hell we’ve just seen but I think we should put it on the air”.
Blauner formed BBS and during that time, they made "Easy Rider", Academy-Award winner for best documentary "Hearts and Minds", The Monkees series, "Five Easy Pieces", "The Last Picture Show", "The King of Marvin Gardens", "A Safe Place", and many more.
Personal life.
Blauner resides in California. He has two daughters, Moon and Grace.
Legacy.
During Blauner’s time, he worked with many entertainers. From Bobby to Sammy, Bert to Bob, The Monkees to Richard Pryor. The list includes Nat Cole, George Burns, Frankie Laine, Johnny Ray, Jack Nicholson, Willie Mays, Jackie Cooper, Huey Newton, Peggy Lee, Bruce Dern, Dennis Hopper, Jimmy Scalia, Dick Haymes, Perry Como, Tony Lema, and the countless cast and crews of his films. Blauner continues to represent the Bobby Darin estate.
Blauner himself appeared in a few videotaped comedy "blackout" sketches for television comedian Ernie Kovacs during the early 1960s. One sketch was entitled "Whom Dunnit", where Blauner played a dimwitted panelist wearing a "Beany Copter" hat and sweatshirt emblazoned with the word "Trenton" (which was a mocking reference by Kovacs to his hometown of Trenton, New Jersey).
He was portrayed by John Goodman in the 2004 Bobby Darin biopic "Beyond the Sea".

</doc>
<doc id="19713967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713967" title="King's Mill">
King's Mill

King's Mill or King's Mills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19713974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713974" title="Pingbian Miao Autonomous County">
Pingbian Miao Autonomous County

Pingbian Miao Autonomous County () is a county in the southeast of Yunnan province, People's Republic of China. Its seat is located only from the border with Lào Cai Province, Vietnam.
Climate.
Pingbian County has a mild subtropical highland climate (Köppen "Cwb") influenced by its elevation, with short, mild, dry winters and warm, humid summers. The monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in July, and the annual mean is . The greatest rainfall tends to occur during the summer; spring is the sunniest season.
Transportation.
The narrow-gauge Kunming–Hai Phong Railway crosses Pingbian County. This railway's famous Faux Namti Bridge is located north of the county's Wantang Township (湾塘乡).

</doc>
<doc id="19713978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713978" title="Trachycorystes">
Trachycorystes

Trachycorystes is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
Species.
There are currently four described species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19713997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713997" title="Dog Daze">
Dog Daze

Dog Daze is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 181st "Our Gang" short (182nd episode, 93rd talking short, 94th talking episode, and 13th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
The gang must raise 37 cents to pay off Butch. After earning a dollar for taking care of an injured dog, the kids hit upon a sure-fire moneymaking scheme; they will "rescue" every dog in town, thereby collecting a dollar from each grateful owner. Naturally, the pet owners are upset when their pooches mysteriously disappear, and before long the gang is in hot water with the cops.

</doc>
<doc id="19713998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19713998" title="Eilert Stang Lund">
Eilert Stang Lund

Eilert Stang Lund (born 15 July 1939) is a Norwegian judge.
He graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1965 and as Master of Law from Harvard University in 1973. He then worked as a consultant in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1965, as an attorney and lawyer in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1967, and as a private lawyer from 1975 to 1995. He is a Supreme Court Justice from 1995 to his retirement in 2009.
He is a second cousin of fellow Justice Ketil Lund.
On 5 February 2008, the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs of the Parliament of Norway recommended that a commission be named to investigate and, if warranted, prosecute for impeachment three of the Norwegian Supreme Court Justices who presided over the cases of Fritz Moen, a victim of miscarriage of justice. The three were Lund, Magnus Matningsdal and Karin Maria Bruzelius. However, when the case was treated by the Standing Committee on Justice three months later, it was closed.
Lund has also been a member of the board of the Norwegian Glacier Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19714005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714005" title="Ramesh Shotham">
Ramesh Shotham

Ramesh Shotham (born May 7, 1948 in Madras, South India) is a percussionist and drummer.
Life.
Ramesh Shotham was born in Madras, South India. He graduated with a degree in zoology from Loyola College, University of Madras. He began his musical career as a self-taught drummer, co-leading a rock band called Human Bondage established in 1970 in Bombay and Bangalore then hitting the road gigging in clubs all over the subcontinent. Musical influences at this stage were The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, and others. It took a live Ravi Shankar concert in Delhi, and a chance meeting with a tourist, who was heading back West and wanted to hock his albums, amongst them ‘Birds of Fire’ by the Mahavishnu Orchestra, for Shotham to begin discovering his own musical roots: the vast ocean of Indian music.
During the mid-seventies shotham returned to Madras to take up study of the thavil (a traditional temple music drum), under Vidwan K.P.Ramu. 
Since then, he has lived and worked in Europe. Shotam is recognized as one of the most successful percussionists around. He has performed not only with leading European and American Jazz and Rock musicians, but also with artistes from Africa, Australia, China, Korea and several Arabic countries. During the last 20-odd years, Shotham has recorded over 120 LPs and CDs and has worked for almost all the leading TV and Radio stations in Germany and Europe.
Mid-2000, he and his wife Alexandra established an independent record company called Permission Music Productions.
His current solo project, Madras Special, features Christian Zurner on electric bass, Zoltan Lantos on violin and Sandhya Sanjana on vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="19714013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714013" title="Stafford Road F.C.">
Stafford Road F.C.

Stafford Road were an English association football club founded in 1876, that are now defunct. The club was connected to the Stafford Road railway works in Wolverhampton, then-Staffordshire.
History.
The club was founded by the works manager Charles Crump and were noted as the strongest team in Wolverhampton until the formation of Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1877. They competed in the FA Cup on eight occasions between 1879-80 and 1887-88. 
Their full results were as follows:-
1879-80 - Rd 1 Wednesbury Strollers (H) won 2-0, Rd 2 Aston Villa (H) drew 1-1, replay Aston Villa (A) lost 1-3
1880-81 - Rd 1 Spilsby (H) won 7-0, Rd 2 Grantham (A) drew 1-1, replay Grantham (H) won 7-1, Rd 3 Bye, Rd 4 Aston Villa (A) won 3-2, Rd 5 Old Etonians (H) lost 1-2
1881-82 - Rd 1 Wednesbury Strollers (A) lost 1-3
1882-83 - Rd 1 Small Heath Alliance (A) drew 3-3, replay Small Heath Alliance (H) won 6-2, Rd 2 Walsall Town (A) lost 1-4
1883-84 - Rd 1 Aston Unity (H) won 5-1, Rd 2 Aston Villa (H) lost 0-5
1884-85 - Rd 1 Walsall Swifts (A) drew 0-0, replay Walsall Swifts (H) lost 0-2
1885-86 - Rd 1 Matlock (H) won 7-0, Rd 2 Wolverhampton Wanderers (A) lost 2-4
1886-87 - did not compete
1887-88 - Rd 1 Great Bridge Unity (H) won 2-1 (Replay Ordered after protest), replay Great Bridge Unity (A) drew 1-1, 2nd replay Great Bridge Unity (H) withdrew.
They produced an England international in Dickie Baugh, who became Stafford Road's only ever international when he played in a 6-1 win against Ireland on 13 March 1886. Baugh later joined the town's professional side Wolverhampton Wanderers, as did several other notable Stafford Road players including his son Dickie Baugh (junior) and Billy Annis.
The date of the club's dissolution is unclear, but they are known to have survived into the 1920s at least. The railway works that the football club were associated with closed in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19714020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714020" title="Digital test controller">
Digital test controller

Digital test controllers are devices (usually computer based) that provide motion control by processing digital signals. Typically a controller has inputs connected to sensors on the device they control, which measure the feedback, its current state (for example the current position), and process this signal to provide an output to a hydraulical, electrical or other type of servomechanism control of the controlled device, with the aim of matching a control signal.
A good example is an elevator. The control signal is the button selects the floor the passenger wants to go. The controller of the elevator looks at which floor the elevator currently is (current position), at the floor selected (by the button) and by comparing them to each other derives a signal to control a servo (either hydraulic or electric) that makes the elevator move until the right floor is reached.
In the older days test controllers were usually analog, but with the rapid developments in digital signal processing and computer technology, test controllers are almost exclusively digital devices. This offers many advantages, because it allows the user to execute all kinds of additional operations on the digital signals, in addition to the standard PID controller. Digital test controllers offered by Moog, provide novel advantages for this type of system control.

</doc>
<doc id="19714030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714030" title="Pennywhistle (Augie March song)">
Pennywhistle (Augie March song)

"Pennywhistle" is the second track on "Watch Me Disappear", the fourth studio album by Australian band Augie March. The song was released digitally on 16 September 2008, with the hard copy released in Australia on 27 September 2008.
Music video.
The music video was filmed along the shores of Avalon Beach, Vic, Australia on 5 September, 2008, directed by Ben Saunders. The first half of the video shows lead singer Richards riding a bicycle through a secluded waterfront neighbourhood whilst saluting the locals. 
The band's drummer, David Williams, is cheerfully showing his skills on a penny whistle whilst going alongside Richards for a few metres, only to then be pushed and chased by Richards until knocked to the ground. We see Williams on his knees, holding his lower stomach area in pain.
After placing his bicycle next to a shed, he appears with the rest of the band members, continuing down the road whilst simultaneously playing instruments. 
Towards the end of the song, we see the locals dancing in unison to the music, walking off into the distance.

</doc>
<doc id="19714032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714032" title="Peter C. Gøtzsche">
Peter C. Gøtzsche

Peter C. Gøtzsche is a Danish medical researcher, and leader of the Nordic Cochrane Center at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen, Denmark.
He has written numerous reviews within the Cochrane collaboration.
Among his research findings are that placebo has surprisingly little effect
and that many meta-analyses may suffer from data extraction errors.
Gøtzsche and his coauthors have been keen to criticize the research methods and interpretations of other scientists, e.g. in meta-analysis of placebo.
Gøtzsche has also commented on meta-analysis,
the editorial independence of medical journals
and medical ghostwriting.
Critique of mammography screening.
Gøtzsche has been critical of screening for breast cancer using mammography, arguing that it cannot be justified; his critique has caused controversy. 
His critique stems from a meta-analysis he did on mammography screening studies and published as "Is screening for breast cancer with mammography justifiable?" in "The Lancet" in 2000.
In it he discarded 6 out of 8 studies arguing their randomization was inadequate.
In 2006 a paper by Gøtzsche on mammography screening was electronically published in the "European Journal of Cancer" ahead of print. 
The journal later removed the paper completely from the journal website without any formal retraction. 
The paper was later published in "Danish Medical Bulletin" with a short note from the editor,
and Gøtzsche and his coauthors commented on the unilateral retraction that the authors were not involved in.
In 2012 his book "Mammography Screening: Truth, Lies and Controversy" was published. In 2013 his book "Deadly Medicines and Organised Crime: How Big Pharma has Corrupted Healthcare" was published.

</doc>
<doc id="19714034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714034" title="Stadionul Iuliu Bodola">
Stadionul Iuliu Bodola

Iuliu Bodola Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Oradea, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Bihor Oradea. The stadium holds 18,000 people. It used to be called "Municipal", and in November 2008 the name was changed to Iuliu Bodola, after the famous Romanian-Hungarian player.

</doc>
<doc id="19714038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714038" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palo">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palo

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palo is a large administrative diocese of the Catholic Church in the town of Palo in Leyte province, Philippines. It was formed as a diocese on the 28th of November, 1937, and became an archdiocese in 1982, with Calbayog, Borongan, Catarman and Naval Diocese serving as suffragan to it. The archdiocese encompasses and an overwhelmingly Catholic population of 1,165,565. The archdiocese has two districts, Eastern and Western, which are divided among the languages Waray and Cebuano. The Eastern District has seven vicariates of 34 parishes. 13 parishes are in the Western District, with one chaplaincy. The archdiocese contains two seminaries. The elder of these is the Sacred Heart Seminary, which was founded in 1944. Founded in 1988, the St. John Evangelist School of Theology serves additional dioceses. Jose S. Palma, a priest from the Archdiocese of Jaro was the Archbishop of Palo until he was appointed as Archbishop of Cebu
The Archdiocese of Palo will be celebrating its Diamond Jubilee this year, since it was created as a Diocese on November 28, 1937 and elevated to as Archdiocese November 15, 1982 with four neighboring dioceses of the Metropolitan, to include Borongan, Calbayog, Catarman and Naval.
History.
The province of Leyte to which the Archdiocese of Palo belongs was the scene of the first Mass in the Philippines celebrated by Fr. Pedro Valderama on March 31, 1521, Easter Sunday. The exact spot is the small island Limasawa on the southernmost tip of Leyte Island. However, formal work of evangelization did not start until after seventy four years later when the Jesuits arrived in Kangara or Carigara, led by Fr. Pedro Chirino with four priests and one brother companion on the 16th of July, 1595. At that time there were settlements connected with each other by dirt roads. The missionaries had to work for the formation of the towns since the people were spread out over the lowlands and into the mountains. The population of about 70,000 came under the general control of local officials called encomenderos assigned to collect the tribute from the people. A constant difficulty the missionaries encountered in their efforts of spreading the Faith was the greediness of the tribute collectors and the carrying out of the Moro raids. These raids usually came during the monsoon season. The object of the raids was to capture slaves, to inflict physical damage to the towns and countryside, and to carry away any crop or booty. The captured slaves were to be later sold in Malaya, Macassar, or Java. The first major raid on record was made on October 28, 1603, composed of seventy ships and two thousand men. Palo and Dulag were burned, and captives were taken. A raid in 1613 resulted in the capture of four hundred people in Dulag alone. Another raid in 1634 brought heavy damage to Cabalian, Sogod, Baybay, and Ormoc. Members of the clergy were at times among the captives with death being at the times the punishment meted out to victims.
The first missions were Carigara (1595), Dulag (1595), Palo (1596), Alangalang (1597), and Ormoc (1597). Early structures were light materials, but eventually they were replaced by stone structures, e.g. Tanauan (1714) and Abuyog (1718). The missionaries insisted that the structures be built by hired laborers, not by forced labor.
Baptisms were preceded by a period of training in the Christian way of life. This period of training would often last for several months. In the Palo missions a small catechetical text was printed in the Visayan by Fr. Cristobal Himenes, as an aid in the preparation of candidates for baptism. By 1600 there were an estimated 6,000 people in the Palo Community with 1000 having been baptized. The same ratio was found in the twenty-five villages where the missionaries had chapels; a total of 4946 Christians were found among the over-all population of 24,500.
Most of the residents of Leyte were baptized by 1768. There were twenty established parishes in that year. Four of the parishes were in the North: Carigara, Barugo, Alangalang, Jaro. Eight of the parishes were in the west and south: Palompon, Ormoc, Baybay, Hilongos, Maasin, Sogod, Cabalian, and Hinundayan. Another eight parishes were in the east: Palo, Tanauan, Dulag, Abuyog, Dagami, Burauen, Basey and Balangiga ( the last two being across the gulf in Samar Island). A hospital and boarding school were built in Dulag, while Carigara conducted a day school.
In 1796, the Jesuits were commanded to leave the Philippines. This was due to the unfortunate circumstances in Europe at that time. They were replaced in Leyte by the Augustinians. In the nineteenth century the Franciscan began working in the northeastern part of Leyte while the diocesan clergy were given the parishes in the west and the south. In 1896, the Franciscans, as Spanish citizens, had to leave the country and the diocesan clergy took over.
Leyte had belonged to the Diocese of Cebu from 1595 until 1910 and then belonged to the Diocese of Calbayog from 1910 until 1937. On November 28, 1937 the Island of Leyte was created a Diocese of its own. It was canonically erected as a diocese with the seat in Palo. After thirty-one years, on March 23, 1968, Palo was divided into two dioceses, the other diocese based in Maasin with the Most Rev. Vicente T. Ataviado, D.D. as its first Ordinary. The diocese of Maasin comprises the whole province of Southern Leyte including six municipalities southwest of Leyte. In 1988, the diocese was again divided with the creation of the Diocese of Naval. This new diocese comprises the island north of Leyte called Biliran and four towns northeast of the province of Leyte facing the island of Biliran.
The Diocese of Palo was elevated to an Archdiocese on November 15, 1982. It was canonically erected as an Archdiocese on February 14, 1983 As an Archdiocese. It comprises the whole island of Leyte except 10 municipalities. It has four suffragan dioceses: Calbayog, Borongan, Catarman, and Naval. Its titular patron is the Transfiguration of Our Lord.
Archbishop of Palo.
Archbishop John Forrosuelo Du, the newly appointed Archbishop of Palo was installed on May 9, 2012 at 9:30AM by the Papal Nuncio to the Philippines, His Excellency Archbishop Giuseppe Pinto at the Metropolitan Cathedral, Palo, Leyte.
After more than a year the Archdiocese of Palo finally has a new Archbishop, to the delight of all the faithful of the local Church when Pope Benedict XVI appointed Archbishop John F. Du, as officially announced last February 25, 2012 to be the Shepherd of the Archdiocese of Palo.
The New Archbishop, His Excellency Archbishop John F. Du was born in Bantayan, Cebu City, on October 18, 1954. He completed his High School studies and attended a special course at Pope John XXIII Seminary. From 1971 to 1975 he took his Philosophy at San Carlos Junior College of Cebu, and then his Theology in St. Augustine Major Seminary, under the SVD Fathers in Tagaytay City.
He was ordained for the Archdiocese of Cebu on June 1, 1979. After his priestly ordination he was assigned as Assistant Pastor for three years. In 1982 he was appointed Professor at the Minor Seminary of Cebu, becoming later its Procurator and Rector. He became the spiritual director of the Missionaries of Charity in Cebu and a member of the Committee of the ongoing formation of the clergy of the Archdiocese.
He was elected titular bishop of Timici and auxiliary bishop of Cebu on November 21, 1997, and was consecrated on January 6, 1998. On April 21, 2001 he was transferred to the Diocese of Dumaguete. He is currently the Treasurer of the Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines and the Chairman of the CBCP Pension Plan.
As the new Archbishop of Palo, he will head around 1.2 million Roman Catholics in his care. He will be serving 63 parishes, 1 Chaplaincy and 13 Mission Stations, divided into two districts: the Eastern District (the waray speaking, comprising the vicariates of Tacloban, Carigara, Burauen, Chancery seminary, Abuyog and Palo), and the Western District (Cebuano speaking people which consist of the vicariates of Ormoc and Palompon)
Ordinaries.
Bishops of Palo
Archbishops of Palo
Parishes.
Eastern District
Vicariate of Palo
Vicariate of Tacloban City
Vicariate of Burauen
Vicariate of Abuyog
Vicariate of Dulag
Vicariate of Carigara
Western District
Vicariate of Ormoc City
Vicariate of Palompon

</doc>
<doc id="19714048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714048" title="Ketil Lund">
Ketil Lund

Ketil Lund (born 15 July 1939) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Oslo as a son of barrister and director Bernt Bjelke Lund (1898–1956) and Irlin Sommerfelt (1902–1974). He is a paternal grandson of Jens Michael Lund. From 1963 to 1967 he was married to curator Inger Marie Grue; he then married artist Liv Bussoli. He is a second cousin of fellow Justice Eilert Stang Lund.
He finished his secondary education at Oslo Cathedral School in 1958 and graduated with the cand.jur. degree from the University of Oslo in 1965. He first worked as a deputy judge in Ålesund for one year, as a university lecturer for three years and the Ministry of Industry for one year before working in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1971. In 1978 he started a private lawyer's firm, among others with the Norwegian Non-Fiction Writers' and Translators’ Association as a client. He was a Supreme Court Justice from 1990 to his retirement in 2009.
He sat on the commission that delivered the Norwegian Official Report 1988:8. From 1994 to 1996 he chaired the Lund commission, which looked into illegal surveillance in Norway.
In early 2010 Lund publicly criticised Norwegian drug policy, stating that the dominant focus on punishment of drug users was unsuccessful and dehumanizing. In criticising Norwegian drug prohibition, Lund follows in the footsteps of Johs. Andenæs, one of the most prominent former professors of law in Norway, and the Criminal Justice Commission of 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19714050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714050" title="Ministry of Economy and Trade (Syria)">
Ministry of Economy and Trade (Syria)

The Ministry of Economy and Trade () of Syria is the ministry that is responsible of drawing the state’s economic policy in general and trade policy in particular. It was established in 2003 as a replacement to the "Ministry of Economy and Foreign Trade" and the "Ministry of Supply and Internal Trade".

</doc>
<doc id="19714053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714053" title="I'll Paint You a Song">
I'll Paint You a Song

"I'll Paint You a Song is a compilation of the vocal tracks from the soundtrack albums Norwood and True Grit" plus "Private John Q", previously released as a 1965 Capitol single. 
Track listing.
Side 1:
Side 2:

</doc>
<doc id="19714107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714107" title="Hans Heinrich Bürmann">
Hans Heinrich Bürmann

Hans Heinrich Bürmann (died on June 21, 1817 in Mannheim) was a German mathematician and teacher. He ran an "academy of commerce" in Mannheim since 1795 where he used to teach mathematics. He also served as a censor in Mannheim. He was nominated Headmaster of the Commerce Academy of the Grand Duchy of Baden in 1811. He did scientific research in the area of combinatorics and he contributed to the development of the symbolic language of mathematics. He discovered the generalized form of the Lagrange inversion theorem. He corresponded and published with Joseph Louis Lagrange and Carl Hindenburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19714115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714115" title="Magnus Matningsdal">
Magnus Matningsdal

Magnus Matningsdal (born 29 September 1951 in Hå) is a Norwegian judge.
He graduated as cand.jur. in 1976 and the took the dr.juris degree in 1986. He was a professor at the University of Bergen from 1987 to 1989, and assisting professor from 1989 to 1997. At the same time he was a judge in Jæren from 1989 and presiding judge in Gulating from 1996 to 1997. He is a Supreme Court Justice from 1997.
On 5 February 2008, the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs of the Norwegian Parliament recommended that a commission be named to investigate and, if warranted, prosecute for impeachment three of the Norwegian Supreme Court Justices who presided over the cases of Fritz Moen, a victim of miscarriage of justice. The three were Matningsdal, Karin Maria Bruzelius and Eilert Stang Lund. However, when the case was treated by the Standing Committee on Justice three months later, it was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19714120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714120" title="Jacob Hoke">
Jacob Hoke

Jacob Hoke (March 17, 1825 – December 26, 1893) was a 19th-century American merchant and businessman in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, whose personal observations and diary entries formed the basis for one of the earliest classic accounts of the Gettysburg Campaign during the American Civil War. He was also a prolific writer of widely circulated religious materials for the United Brethren Church.
Hoke was born in McConnellsburg, Pennsylvania, to Henry and Sarah (Eyster) Hoke. He was educated in the local schools and, from the age of twelve until May 1841, clerked in a country store. He moved to Chambersburg, where he engaged in a series of business ventures that led to enough capital to open his own dry goods store on Chambersburg's town square. During the early part of the Civil War, he assisted in caring for the wounded from the Battle of Antietam in the autumn of 1862.
Hoke lived on the second floor above his shop. As the Confederate Army began invading the town in late June 1863, he had an excellent vantage point to observe and watch the movements of the Southern soldiers. For the next two weeks, Confederates occupied the town, and much of the Army of Northern Virginia passed within view of Hoke. In the summer of 1864, he again was in a position to witness the Civil War in his home town when much of Chambersburg was burned by Confederate cavalry under John McCausland operating under the orders of Maj. Gen. Jubal A. Early.
In 1884, Hoke integrated his memories, notes, observations, and outside sources into a pamphlet he entitled "Reminiscences of the War." Three years later, he produced a larger, more detailed work, "The Great Invasion of 1863, or, General Lee in Pennsylvania". Published in Dayton, Ohio, the book had become a standard reference work for a first-hand account of the two Confederate incursions into south-central Pennsylvania.
For many years, Hoke was the president of the Franklin County Bible Society, and he served on several church-related boards and committees, including chairing the Board of Missions for the national United Brethren Church. He married twice, but had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="19714143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714143" title="Gonō Line">
Gonō Line

The is a railway line in Japan linking Higashi-Noshiro Station in Akita Prefecture with Kawabe Station in Aomori Prefecture, in the northern Tōhoku region of Honshu. The line stretches 147.2 km along the Sea of Japan coast with a total of 43 stations. The Gonō Line is operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
History.
The Gonō Line began operations in Akita on July 1, 1908 as a part of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR) connecting what is now Higashi-Noshiro with Noshiro. When every railway line of JGR was assigned a line name on October 12, 1909, this short railway was named the . It continued to expand operations, and by October 14, 1932 had connected Higashi-Noshiro with .
The private capital began operations in Aomori on September 25, 1918 linking Kawabe with . The line was extended from Goshogawara to on October 21, 1924 with the extension called the . The line was extended to by May 15, 1925. The Goshogawara Line was absorbed into the Mutsu Railway in 1927, and the line nationalized. It was extended to by November 26, 1929 and connected to the Gonō Line on July 30, 1936.
A CTC system was installed in 1986. With the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (successor of JGR) on April 1, 1987, the Gonō Line came under the control of the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).

</doc>
<doc id="19714144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714144" title="Immigrant (disambiguation)">
Immigrant (disambiguation)

An immigrant is a person who moves to another country.
Immigrant may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19714149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714149" title="Auto Antics">
Auto Antics

Auto Antics is a 1939 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 182nd "Our Gang" short (183rd episode, 94th talking short, 95th talking episode, and 14th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Sniffles enlists the gang to help him with his hopes to win the upcoming Kidmobile Race Classic are nearly dashed when town bully Butch (Tommy Bond) arranges for the gang's pet pooch Whiskers to be picked up by the dog pound. But instead of demoralizing the gang, the impoundment of Whiskers merely gives them a stronger reason to win the race and claim the prize, with which they will pay the dog's license fee. Only temporarily foiled, Butch and his pal Woim try every dirty trick in the book to sabotage the gang's homemade "auto." 
Notes.
This episode sees the first major exit since the Our Gang unit was sold by Hal Roach. Eugene Lee leaves the role of Porky because he was actually taller than Spanky (George McFarland) at this point. It was also determined that he was growing too fast and becoming too big to be cute anymore. Robert Blake, playing Mickey, actually replaced him. In the coming year many of the better known Our Gangers would leave the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19714167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714167" title="Jens Edvin A. Skoghøy">
Jens Edvin A. Skoghøy

Jens Edvin A. Skoghøy (born 16 February 1955) is a Norwegian judge.
He graduated as cand.jur. at the University of Oslo in 1976 and took the dr.juris degree at the University of Tromsø in 1990. He subsequently became a professor there, and has also worked as a lawyer. He was appointed Supreme Court Justice in 1998, as one of the youngest ever. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

</doc>
<doc id="19714168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714168" title="Daddy (1992 film)">
Daddy (1992 film)

 
Daddy is a 1992 Indian Malayalam-language film starring Arvind Swamy, Gouthami Tadimalla and Suresh Gopi.
Soundtrack.
Music is given by S. P. Venkatesh

</doc>
<doc id="19714197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714197" title="Pulmonary-renal syndrome">
Pulmonary-renal syndrome

Pulmonary-renal syndrome is a rare medical syndrome involving bleeding in the lungs and kidney damage (glomerulonephritis).
Causes.
Causes are usually autoimmune.
It is most commonly due to Wegener's granulomatosis or Goodpasture's syndrome.
Other causes include systemic lupus erythematosus and microscopic polyangiitis.

</doc>
<doc id="19714204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714204" title="Bård Tønder">
Bård Tønder

Bård Tønder (born 1 May 1948) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Sjøvegan, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1975. He worked in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1976 to 1978, as an attorney in Trondenes from 1971 to 1981, in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1985 and as a Supreme Court Justice from 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19714211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714211" title="Respect (Alliance Ethnik song)">
Respect (Alliance Ethnik song)

"Respect" is a 1995 song recorded by French hip hop act Alliance Ethnik. It was the first single from his album "Respect", and was released on January 1995. It achieved success in several countries, including France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it was a top three hit. The song was Alliance Ethnik's biggest hit to date and can be deemed as its signature song.
Structure.
After an 30-second introduction using the sound of a radio, the song contains several samples from songs such as "It's Good to Be the King Rap Pt 1" by Mel Brooks, "Back Together Again" by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway and a small interpolation of "Life's a Bitch" of American rapper Nas. The verses, performed by K-mel, are in French, while other verses and the refrains are sung by Vinia Mojica in English. The male singer has a delivery "which makes use of words and onomatopoeia with mischievouness and joviality". This single is "festive and optimistic", and uses the repertoire of the 1980s rap. The music video was shot in black and white.
Chart performances.
The single had a success on the French SNEP Singles Chart (top 50), where it was ranked for 33 weeks. It debuted at number 13 on January 28, 1995, then entered in the top ten and remained in it for 22 weeks, including a peak at number two for four consecutive weeks, while the first position was held by The Cranberries' hit "Zombie". The song achieved Gold status and is the 953rd best-selling single of all time in France.
In Belgium (Wallonia), the single was number-one for a sole week, but remained in the top ten for over 17 weeks and 24 weeks in the top 40.
In Belgium (Flanders), Sweden and Austria, "Respect" achieved a moderate success, being only a top 25 hit. In Germany, it achieved only a low charts positions.

</doc>
<doc id="19714216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714216" title="Ministry of Irrigation (Syria)">
Ministry of Irrigation (Syria)

The Ministry of Irrigation () of Syria is the ministry that is responsible for drawing up the water policy of the state. It was established in 1982 as a replacement to the "Ministry of Euphrates Dam".

</doc>
<doc id="19714223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714223" title="Stadionul Jean Pădureanu">
Stadionul Jean Pădureanu

Stadionul Jean Pădureanu is a multi-purpose stadium in Bistriţa, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Gloria Bistriţa. The stadion is named after the former president of the Gloria Bistriţa club, Jean Pădureanu, currently the honorary president of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="19714226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714226" title="Indiana Mammoth Internal Improvement Act">
Indiana Mammoth Internal Improvement Act

The Indiana Mammoth Internal Improvement Act was a law passed by the Indiana General Assembly and signed by Whig Governor Noah Noble in 1836 that greatly expanded the state's program of internal improvements. It added an additional $10 million to spending and funded several projects, including turnpikes, canals, and later, railroads. The following year the state economy was adversely affected by the Panic of 1837 and the overall project ended in a near total disaster for the state, which narrowly avoided total bankruptcy from the debt. By 1841, the government could no longer make even the interest payment, and all the projects, except the largest canal, were handed over to the state's London creditors in exchange for a 50% reduction in debt. Again in 1846, the last project was handed over for another 50% reduction in the debt. Of the eight projects in the measure, none were completed by the state. Only two were finished by the creditors who took them over.
The act is considered one of the greatest debacles in the history of the state and the public blame was placed on the Whig party who had been in control of the General Assembly and the governorship during the passage of the act and the subsequent bankruptcy, despite that fact that only nine members of both houses voted against the bill. After the scope of the financial disaster became apparent to the state, the Whig party gradually began to collapse in the state leading to a period of Democratic control of the General Assembly that lasted until the middle of the American Civil War.
Despite the dire immediate effects on the state's finances, the project ultimately fed a 400% increase in state land values, and provided numerous other direct and indirect benefits to Indiana. The Wabash and Erie Canal, which was partially funded by the act, became the longest canal in North America and remained in operation until rendered obsolete by the railroads in the 1880s.
Background.
When the state of Indiana was formed in 1816, it was still a virtual wilderness, and settlement was limited to the southern periphery where easy access to the Ohio River provided a convenient means to export produce. The only significant road in the region was the Buffalo Trace, an old, dirt bison trail that crossed the southern part of the state. After statehood several plans had been made to improve the transportation situation, like the creation of small local roads, the larger Michigan Road, and a failed attempted by the Indiana Canal Company to build a canal around the Falls of the Ohio. The national economy entered a recession following the Panic of 1819, and the state's only two banks collapsed in the immediate years that followed, ending the state's early improvement programs without having achieved much success and leaving the state with a modest debt.
The 1820s were spent repairing the state's finances and paying down the debt. A request was sent to Congress asking for the federal government to assist the young state in improving the transportation situation. Canals were at that time being constructed in several of the eastern states and New York and Pennsylvania hoped to link to the Mississippi River System by building canals through Indiana. With their support, on May 26, 1824 Congress granted Indiana a stretch of land wide on any route a commission would map out, but the state had to promise to begin construction of a canal on the land within twelve years. Many in the Indiana General Assembly considered the grant insufficient, and requested the grant be expanded to a one mile (1.6 km) wide strip, but Congress did not act. Most of the population at the time lived along the Ohio River, and the canal would be little benefit to them, but they would bear the burden of paying for it, so their representatives opposed the idea altogether. They successfully barred the creation of a canal.
On March 2, 1827 Congress made a new offer to the state, granting a half mile wide strip and to assist in the funding of construction. This time the General Assembly accepted the offer, passing legislation on January 5, 1828 to create a canal commission to lay out the path of the canal, but no state funding was approved. The commission laid out a short six mile (10 km) canal that would become the starting point of the Wabash and Erie Canal. Funding immediately became an issue in the legislature where the lowest cost estimate was $991,000. Again the southern part of the state objected, instead favoring a canal in the Whitewater Valley, then the most populated part of the state. Governor James B. Ray objected to canals as a total waste of money, and insisted on the creation of railroads instead; he threatened a veto of any canal project. Because the state refused to help fund the project, it had to rely on the federal funds and the income the commission collected from selling lands adjacent to the proposed canal route. Slowly enough funds were collected and construction began on the route in 1831.
In 1829 the National Road entered Indiana. Funded by the federal government, the project laid a large highway across the central part of the state. By 1834 the opposition the canal had disappeared and the project was being constructed at little cost to the state and was proving to be profitable, so the General Assembly granted funds to the project to connect it to Lafayette. To fund the project, and in response to the closure of the Second Bank of the United States, the state established the Bank of Indiana. Bonds were issued through the bank who then sold them to creditors in London to fund the early stages of the project, but it soon became apparent that it would take far more funds than could be obtained by the bank bonds alone.
Passage of the law.
In 1836, legislation was created by the Indiana General Assembly to dramatically expand the scope of the internal improvements. At first, members only intended to continue funding the Wabash and Erie, but many representatives opposed the spending because it would have little benefit for their own constituents as the canal bypassed most of the major settlements in the state. As a compromise, additional projects were agreed on so that all the cities in the state would be connected by either canal, railroad, or turnpike. To appease the majority of the population that lived along the Ohio River, the bill called for the Vincennes Trace to be paved, making it usable year round. A Lafayette Turnpike was also approved, and to gain support of the representatives from the population centers in the far northern part of the state, the Michigan Road was also paved. To appease the railroad faction, two lines were approved connecting Lawrenceburg to Indianapolis, and Madison to Lafayette. The Whitewater Valley was the most populous part of the state, and to win over their representatives, funding was added for a canal to be built in their valley. To also get support from the central part of the state, and to connect Indianapolis to the new canals, a Central Canal was also funded. Over $2 million had already been borrowed, and the new bill proposed borrowing another $10 million. This was added to the $3 million already procured through land sales. Seeing the success of canals in the eastern United States, it was believed that the projects would be very profitable for the state and that their revenue would quickly pay back the loans, and provide the funds to complete the projects. The state's regular revenue, primarily from property taxes, were at that time less than $65,000 annually, and the amount of the debt was greater than the tax receipts of the entire history of the state. The sum borrowed was equal to one-sixth of all the wealth in the state. Despite the scale of the project, the representatives from the counties on the Ohio River still largely opposed the project.
For canals, the project called for the creation of a canal from Indianapolis to Ohio River at Evansville, called the Indiana Central Canal. Funding was included for another canal to connect the Wabash River in Peru to the Ohio River in Lawrenceburg known as the Whitewater Canal. Additional funding was granted to the Wabash and Erie Canal for expansion to Terre Haute. The canals received the majority of the funds from the bill, because it was believed that the canals could be constructed from local materials which would help boost the local economy. A later invesitgation showed that parts of the state were entirely unsuited for the canals, and the project were doomed from the start. However, the state had not conducted surveys of the land before passing the bill to ensure their suitability.
The bill also funded, but to a much lesser degree, a railroad connecting Madison to Indianapolis, another railroad from Shelbyville to Indianapolis, the paving of the Buffalo Trace and renaming it the Vincennes Trace, and the paving of the remainder of the Michigan Road. Most of the money from the project was gathered by mortgaging nine million acres (36,000 km²) of state owned land through agents of the Bank of Indiana to creditors in London and New York.
Governor Noah Noble was a major supporter of the bill and it passed by the overwhelmingly Whig controlled General Assembly, although it was opposed by several prominent legislators including Dennis Pennington, James Whitcomb, Calvin Fletcher and John Durmont. Pennington believed the canals were a waste of money and would soon be made obsolete by the railroads. Whitcomb outright rejected the idea of spending such a large sum of money, saying it would be impossible to pay back. The bill's passage met with statewide celebrations. Citizens saw it as a critical modernization of the state. Governor Noble considered the act his crowning achievement. Noble was concerned however that the assembly had not passed the 50% tax increase he had told them was necessary to take care of the debt the state was expecting to take.
The bill created a Board of Improvement and a Board of Funds Commissioners to oversee the projects. Two thirds of the funds were spent on the canals, with the Central Canal getting the most money. Jesse L. Williams was named chief engineer.
Enactment.
From the early onset it was noted that the different projects did not work together, but instead competed with each other for funds and land. By trying to construct all the project at once, there was also a labor shortage and the projects began competing with each other for workers, significantly raising the originally projected labor costs. This posed a problem for the government, because they did not provide enough funds to complete each of the projects at the rates being paid, instead expecting them to start making money on their own, and funding their own completion. There was a brief by Governor David Wallace to attempt to force the commission to only build one route at a time to conserve funds and avoid what was becoming seen as an impending financial disaster, but the different factions in the General Assembly could not agree on which line should be completed first.
The Wabash and Erie Canal was the most successful of the canal projects, and was profitable early on, but never to the extent expected. The Central Canal was a major failure, with only a few miles of canal dug near Indianapolis before the project was out of money. The Whitewater Canal was proceeding along well until its earthen walls and feeder dams were the victims of muskrats who burrowed through the walls, causing hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages for which there was no money to repair. At the height of the operation, over ten thousand workers were employed on the canal projects.
The rail line from Madison to Indianapolis was built much more cheaply than the canals; $1.3 million was appropriated. It was however, considerably over budget due to the increased costs of having to build a grade out of the low lying Ohio Valley onto the Indiana table land, so the project could not be finished. Had the project instead started in Indianapolis, it would have been able to earn income on freight and passengers along the relatively flat central Indiana portion, and been able to fund itself to construct the grade into Madison. The Vincennes Trace was paved from New Albany to Paoli at a cost of $1,150,000, with another still requiring pavement when the project ran out of money.
The Panic of 1837, caused primarily by western land speculation, left the state in dire straits financially. Income shrank, and in 1838 the state's taxation revenue was $45,000, but the interest on the state's growing debt was $193,350. Governor Wallace made the startling report to the General Assembly who began to wrangle over what action should be taken. Provisions were made to make debt payments with more borrowed money, in the hope that the projects could be finished before the state's credit was maxed out. The gamble proved to be a bad decision and by 1839 there was no money left for the projects and work was halted. Work only continued on the Wabash and Erie where workers were paid with stock in the canal, and not cash, and supplies were purchased using the federal funding. At that time of canal had been built for $8 million, and $1.5 million spent on of railroad and turnpike. The state was left with a $15 million debt, and only a trickle of tax revenue.
In hope to increase revenues, the state reformed property tax assessment to be based on property values, as opposed to a set amount per acre. The modest reform boosted revenues by 25% in the following year, but was still nowhere near enough to cover the gap. Governor Wallace announced to the General Assembly in his last year as governor that the state would be insolvent within a year. The 1841 budget had over $500,000 in debt payments, plus regular spending, but revenues that year were only $72,000. The state was unofficially bankrupt. The proponents of the system had promised their constituents that taxes would not need to be increased, and that once the projects were finished taxes could perhaps be abolished because tolls would pay all the state's needs. Because of this, no provisions had been made to pay interest on the massive debt.
In 1841 Governor Samuel Bigger proposed the creation of county boards to set property values. The result of the new system led to as much as a 400% tax increase in some parts of the state. Citizens decried the draconian tax hikes, and many refused to pay. The General Assembly was forced to repeal the system the following year.
James Lanier, president of the Bank of Indiana, was sent by Governor Bigger to negotiate with the state's London creditors in a hope to avoid total bankruptcy in 1841. He negotiated the transfer of all of the projects, except the Wabash and Erie, to the creditors in exchange for a 50% reduction in the debt they held, lowering the total state debt to $9 million.
Although the debt decrease lessened the strain on the state, the debt payment was still far more than the state could afford. On January 13, 1845, the General Assembly passed a resolution issuing an official apology to the state's creditors and the state and federal governments of the United States for the repudiation of large parts of their debt. The resolution stated "We regard the slightest breach of plighted faith, public or private, as an evidence of a want of that moral principle upon which all obligations depend: That when any state in this Union refuses to recognize her great seal as the sufficient evidence of her great seal as the evidence of her obligation she will have forfeit her station in the sisterhood of States. and will no longer be worthy of their respect and confidence." The governor was directed to forward copies of the apology to each of the states. The result of the repudiation ruined Indiana's credit for nearly twenty years.
The Whigs suffered from the failure of the project and Democrat James Whitcomb, an opponent of the projects from the beginning, was elected governor. A Democratic majority had already came to power in the statehouse the year before. With their support he began negotiations to end the crisis. Charles Butler arrived from New York to negotiate on behalf of the state's creditors in 1846. The proposed deal was for the state to trade majority ownership of the Wabash and Erie for another 50% reduction in the debt, leaving the state owing $4.5 million and ending the financial crisis. Although the debt was significantly reduced, payment on it was still over half of the state budget, but the growing population of the state was quickly raising tax revenues.
Aftermath.
The creditors had taken the public works expecting that they could be quickly completed and become profitable, but were disappointed to discover that not to be the case for all the projects. The Vincennes Trace was renamed the Paoli Pike, and operated for several years as a private toll road until repurchased by the state thirty years later. Its tolls covered its operating costs, but it was never profitable. The Central Canal was abandoned as a total loss, the expense to finish it was considered to be too great for any possible profitability, and the area was found to be unsuited for canals. The Whitewater Canal had about one fifth of the line completed, and although it was not finished, the existing portion remained in use until 1847 when a portion of the canal collapsed and rendered the northern section unusable. The southern section continued in use until 1865 when it was closed after losing traffic to a railroad built adjacent to the canal. The Wabash and Erie was finally completed in 1848 and continued to operate for thirty-two years, but the high-rise portions of the canal in the central part of the state were found to be high maintenance and the frequent victim of muskrats. The cost of upkeep, and competition from the railroad eventually led to the collapse of the canal and its company in the 1870. The rail line from Madison to Indianapolis was also abandoned by the creditors and sold to a group entrepreneurs, including James Lanier, who were able to raise funds to complete the line. The Madison & Indianapolis Railroad was instantly profitable and went on to expand and connect to several other cities.
In 2008, all that remains of the Wabash and Erie is a restored fifteen mile (24 km) stretch and a few ponds. Much of the canal lands were sold to railroad companies and were excellent land for constructing rail lines. The turnpikes and railroads turned out to be the most successful projects, and some parts of them have remained in use until modern times.
Although the government lost millions, there were significant benefits for the areas of the state where the projects succeeded. On average, land value in the state rose 400%, and the cost of shipping goods for farmers was drastically decreased, and increasing the profit on their goods. The investors in the Bank of Indiana also made substantial profits, and the investments served as the start of a modern economy for the state. The act is often considered the greatest legislative debacle in the history of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19714238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714238" title="Gunnar Aasland">
Gunnar Aasland

Gunnar Aasland (born 15 April 1936) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Oslo, and graduated from the University of Oslo as cand.jur. in 1961. He worked in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1967 to 1968 and 1972 to 1979 and as a lawyer from 1969 to 1972. He was a Supreme Court Justice from 1979 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19714244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714244" title="Mount Oakan">
Mount Oakan

Geography and geology.
Mount Oakan sits in the Akan caldera northeast of Lake Akan. The volcano rises some above the surrounding terrain. The top of the volcano is above sea level. The volcanic cone is some in diameter. There are three explosion craters at the summit. At at about , there is a fumarole. The volcano is made mostly from non-alkalai mafic volcanic rock. The main rock type is andesite and dacite.
History.
Mount Oakan emerged in the Late Pleistocene dropping pumice on Minamishikata. After that, continuous lava flows formed the bulk of the volcano. In the final stages of its life, a parasitic volcano formed a lava dome at the summit.
According to its name and local legend, Mount Oakan is the male counterpart to Mount Meakan on the other side of Lake Akan.

</doc>
<doc id="19714269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714269" title="Immigrants (disambiguation)">
Immigrants (disambiguation)

Immigrants are people who move to a new country.
Immigrants may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19714288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714288" title="Ministry of Expatriates (Syria)">
Ministry of Expatriates (Syria)

The Ministry of Expatriates () of Syria is the ministry that is responsible for communication with Syrian expatriates around the world. It was established in 2002 and merged into the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants on 14 April 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="19714302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714302" title="Clenoliximab">
Clenoliximab

Clenoliximab (INN) is a monoclonal antibody against CD4. It acts as an immunomodulator and has been investigated for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
The drug is a chimeric antibody from "Macaca irus" and "Homo sapiens".

</doc>
<doc id="19714309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714309" title="1930 Australian Grand Prix">
1930 Australian Grand Prix

The 1930 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at Phillip Island on 24 March 1930. The race had 30 entrants and 17 starters.
It was the third Australian Grand Prix and the third held at Phillip Island. The race was run in 3 classes (A, B and C)
Classification.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19714310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714310" title="Piasek (disambiguation)">
Piasek (disambiguation)

Piasek (meaning "sand" in Polish) is a large village in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.
Piasek may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19714344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714344" title="Bruce Buschel">
Bruce Buschel

'Bruce Buschel is a writer, director, and restaurateur. He blogged about opening and closing Southfork Kitchen for the New York Times. 
Biography.
Bruce Buschel graduated Girard College, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1963. He attended Temple University off and on for the next six years. 
Buschel wrote for the Distant Drummer, Free Paper, Philadelphia Inquirer, and Philadelphia Magazine before moving to New York City. There, he wrote for GQ, Rolling Stone, Premiere, Sport, Esquire, Tricycle, Salon.com. and New York Times Sunday Magazine. His profiles of Jose Canseco and Lenny Dykstra were anthologized in The Best American Sports Writing. His profile of Wynton Marsalis won an ASCAP Writing Award.
Buschel is the co-author of The Watergate File and author of Walking Broad, a memoir about growing up in Philadelphia,
published by Simon & Schuster. 
He co-wrote, with Diane Paulus, the Off-Broadway musical, Eli's Comin', songs by Laura Nyro. It won 5 Obies. 
He produced "Grover Washington Jr. In Concert" and directed a series of jazz films called "Live at the Village Vanguard," starring Freddie Hubbard, Michael Brecker, John Abercrombie, Lee Konitz, Mal Waldron, David Murray, and Ron Carter, among others. 

</doc>
<doc id="19714349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714349" title="Ministry of Communications and Technology (Syria)">
Ministry of Communications and Technology (Syria)

The Ministry of Communication and Technology () of Syria is the ministry that is responsible for developing government communications and information policies and setting strategies and implementation programs in this field.

</doc>
<doc id="19714359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714359" title="Knightmare (1991 video game)">
Knightmare (1991 video game)

Knightmare is a computer game on the Amiga and Atari ST computer systems. It was released in 1991 by Mindscape International Ltd.. The game was written by Tony Crowther. It is based on the Anglia Television TV show Knightmare.
This was the second of two games based on the show, following an earlier (and different) game- also known as "Knightmare"- released four years previously by Activision.
Development.
Knightmare is based on the CITV TV show of the same name, where a group of 4 children attempt to complete a quest. The format of the game differs from the TV show in that the view is in first person, in the TV show the main player had to wear a helmet to blind them to their surroundings. Knightmare was written by Tony Crowther, who also created the game Captive. Knightmare uses the same game engine as Captive and has some similarities. But unlike Captive where parts of the level were computer generated, all the dungeons in the game were designed by hand. Knightmare was published by Mindscape International Ltd. The player is required to complete four quests in order to gain the knowledge and ability to beat Lord Fear, the antagonist in the game. When developing the game, the developers travelled to Anglia Television studios to make use of the audio equipment when producing the sound for the game.
Reception.
Generally Knightmare was received well. Amiga Action and CU Amiga scored the game 91% and 90%, but the game did not escape lower reviews, with Amiga Power rating the Knightmare 75%. Critics drew attention to how similar Knightmare is to Captive. Amiga Action indicates that the quality of the game makes this less of an issue, while Amiga Power said the Captive game engine does not look as good as the Beholder game engine that's used in Eye of the Beholder 2. The general gameplay was praised, with the CU Amiga saying it is a game difficult to put down. Also praised was the quality of the sound in the game. The high quality sound requires 1MB of memory to work at its full settings, and the review said it is worth the upgrade. Amiga Action called the game absorbing. Amiga Format said the game starts out tough and only gets tougher. Amiga Power indicated that the game doesn't take any risks in the field of RPGs and feels like "role-playing by numbers".

</doc>
<doc id="19714362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714362" title="Alexis Palisson">
Alexis Palisson

Alexis Palisson (born 9 September 1987 in Montauban, Tarn-et-Garonne) is a French rugby union footballer. He plays as a fullback and wing. He is 1.76m tall and weighs just 83 kg.
He currently plays for Toulon in the French Top 14 after signing from Brive in 2011. He made his international debut for France on 28 June 2008 against the Wallabies. He also represented France in an U19 competition in Dubai.
Controversy.
In July 2011, Palisson featured in a topless pose in "Têtu" wearing a fake moko and holding a taiaha. This caused controversy in New Zealand, with some Maori saying that Palisson was being disrespectful to their culture and that permission should have been sought from a particular iwi as the moko usually represents iwi affiliation. Palisson was eventually forced to apologise for any offence caused and stressed that he respects tattoo traditions. He played as France reached the 2011 Rugby World Cup Final in New Zealand. In May 2013 he started as Toulon won the 2013 Heineken Cup Final by 16–15 against Clermont Auvergne.

</doc>
<doc id="19714379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714379" title="Ashcroft v. Iqbal">
Ashcroft v. Iqbal

Ashcroft v. Iqbal, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that top government officials were not liable for the actions of their subordinates absent evidence that they ordered the allegedly discriminatory activity. At issue was whether current and former federal officials, including FBI Director Robert Mueller and former United States Attorney General John Ashcroft, were entitled to qualified immunity against an allegation that they knew of or condoned racial and religious discrimination against individuals detained after the September 11 attacks.
Background.
Javad Iqbal, a Pakistani-American cable television installer from Hicksville, New York, was arrested in New York in November 2001, on charges of conspiracy to defraud the United States and fraud in relation to identification documents (violations of 18 U.S.C. §§ 371 and 1028) and placed in pretrial detention at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, New York. He alleged that FBI officials carried out a discriminatory policy by designating him as a person "of high interest" in the investigation of the September 11 attacks solely because of his race, religion, or national origin. Owing to this designation he was placed in the detention center's Administrative Maximum Special Housing Unit for over six months while awaiting the fraud trial. Iqbal claimed that on the day he was transferred to the special unit, prison guards, without provocation, "picked him up and threw him against the wall, kicked him in the stomach, punched him in the face, and dragged him across the room." He said that after being attacked a second time he sought medical attention but was denied care for two weeks. According to Iqbal’s complaint, prison staff in the special unit subjected him to unjustified strip and body cavity searches, verbally berated him as a "terrorist" and "Muslim killer," refused to give him adequate food, and intentionally turned on air conditioning during the winter and heating during the summer, He claimed that prison staff interfered with his attempts to pray and engage in religious study, and with his access to counsel. Mr. Iqbal pleaded guilty to using another man's Social Security card on April 22, 2002, served a prison term until his release on January 15, 2003, and was later deported to Pakistan.
After being released, Iqbal brought claims under implied causes of action established by "Bivens v. Six Unknown Named Agents" for violations of his First, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Eighth Amendment rights as well as various statutory claims, including Federal Tort Claims Act claims against the United States seeking compensatory and punitive damages. Iqbal argued that Mueller and Ashcroft personally condoned the decision to detain him as well as Arab immigrants.
The Office of Inspector General of the Department of Justice had previously investigated and confirmed accounts of abuse of September 11 detainees like Mr. Iqbal.
The federal government argued that Iqbal's legal filings were not specific enough in linking the government officials with a policy of detaining Arab immigrants and Muslims.
The District Court found that the facts alleged in Iqbal's complaint were sufficient. The district court also found that the OIG Report suggested that petitioners were personally involved in “creating or implementing” the policies that led to respondent’s confinement in the ADMAX SHU.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed the lower court and refused to dismiss the action, concluding that it was plausible enough to survive a Rule 12(b)(6) motion to dismiss.
The Supreme Court granted review, in part, to address “whether conclusory allegations that high-level government officials had knowledge of alleged wrongdoing by subordinate officials are sufficient to survive a motion to dismiss in an action brought under "Bivens".”
Opinion of the Court.
In a 5 to 4 decision delivered on May 18, 2009 by Justice Kennedy, the Supreme Court reversed the Second Circuit's decision (which held that the Plaintiff did plead sufficient facts). The Supreme Court held that Iqbal’s complaint failed to plead sufficient facts to state a claim for purposeful and unlawful discrimination. The court affirmed that the Second Circuit had subject-matter jurisdiction to affirm the District Court’s order denying petitioners’ motion to dismiss.
Supervisory liability.
The Court found that according to precedent, government officials could not be held liable for the unconstitutional conduct of their subordinates under a theory of respondeat superior and that because vicarious liability was inapplicable to Bivens and § 1983 suits, a plaintiff must plead that each Government-official defendant, through the official's own individual actions, has violated the Constitution. To do so, the Court found, "Where the claim is invidious discrimination in contravention of the First and Fifth Amendments, our decisions make clear that the plaintiff must plead and prove that the defendant acted with discriminatory purpose. Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, 508 U.S. 520, 540–541 (1993) (First Amendment); Washington v. Davis, 426 U.S. 229, 240 (1976) (Fifth Amendment). Under extant precedent purposeful discrimination requires more than “intent as volition or intent as awareness of consequences.” Personnel Administrator of Mass. v. Feeney, 442 U.S. 256, 279 (1979). It instead involves a decisionmaker’s undertaking a course of action "'because of,' not merely 'in spite of,' action's adverse effects upon an identifiable group." "Ibid." It follows that, to state a claim based on a violation of a clearly established right, respondent must plead sufficient factual matter to show that petitioners adopted and implemented the detention policies at issue not for a neutral, investigative reason but for the purpose of discriminating on account of race, religion, or national origin."
The Court rejected Iqbal's argument that under a theory of "supervisory liability," Ashcroft and Mueller could be liable for "knowledge and acquiescence in their subordinates' use of discriminatory criteria to make classification decisions among detainees."
Rule 8 pleading standard.
Under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8(a)(2), a complaint must contain a “short and plain statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief.” “etailed factual allegations” are not required, "Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly", 550 U.S. 544 (2007), at 555, but the court did find that Rule 8 requires the non-moving party to show plausible factual allegations, accepted as true, to “state a claim to relief that is plausible on its face.” "Id." at 570. A claim has facial plausibility when the pleaded factual content allows the court to draw the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the misconduct alleged. "Id." at 556. In so doing, the Court confirmed that the standard set forth in Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41 (1957) (the Supreme Court case that had defined the Rule 8 pleading standard prior to "Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly"), should not be followed in any context. The two cases are often referred to by the portmanteau "Twiqbal".
The Court restated the substance and application of the "Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly" test for the sufficiency of pleadings:
Two working principles underlie our decision in Twombly. First, the tenet that a court must accept as true all of the allegations contained in a complaint is inapplicable to legal conclusions. ... Second, only a complaint that states a plausible claim for relief survives a motion to dismiss. Determining whether a complaint states a plausible claim for relief will, as the Court of Appeals observed, be a context-specific task that requires the reviewing court to draw on its judicial experience and common sense. In keeping with these principles a court considering a motion to dismiss can choose to begin by identifying plead­ings that, because they are no more than conclusions, are not entitled to the assumption of truth. While legal con­clusions can provide the framework of a complaint, they must be supported by factual allegations. When there are well-pleaded factual allegations, a court should assume their veracity and then determine whether they plausibly give rise to an entitlement to relief. Our decision in Twombly illustrates the two-pronged approach.
Applying this test to the plaintiff's complaint, the Court held that Iqbal’s pleadings did not comply with Rule 8 under "Twombly". The Court found that several of his allegations, that petitioners agreed to subject him to harsh conditions as a matter of policy, solely on account of discriminatory factors and for no legitimate penological interest, that Ashcroft was that policy's "principal architect", and that Mueller was "instrumental" in its adoption and execution, were conclusory and not entitled to be assumed true. The Court decided that given that the September 11 attacks were perpetrated by Arab Muslims, it was not surprising that a legitimate policy directing law enforcement to arrest and detain individuals because of their suspected link to the attacks would produce a disparate, incidental impact on Arab Muslims, even though the policy's purpose was to target neither Arabs nor Muslims. Even if the complaint's well-pleaded facts gave rise to a plausible inference that Iqbal’s arrest was the result of unconstitutional discrimination, that inference alone did not entitle him to relief since his claims rested solely on their ostensible policy of holding detainees categorized as “of high interest,” but the complaint does not contain facts plausibly showing that their policy was based on discriminatory factors.
The Court rejected three of Iqbal’s arguments. First, the Court found that Iqbal's claim that "Twombly" should be limited to its antitrust context was not supported by that case or the Federal Rules. Second, the Court found that Rule 8's pleading requirements need not be relaxed based on the Second Circuit's instruction that the District Court "in-camera" discovery to preserve petitioners' qualified-immunity defense in anticipation of a summary judgment motion. Third, the Court found that Rule 9(b), which requires particularity when pleading "fraud or mistake" but allows "other conditions of a person’s mind be alleged generally," did not require courts to credit a complaint's conclusory statements without reference to its factual context.
The Supreme Court concluded that the Second Circuit should decide in the first instance whether to remand to the District Court to allow Iqbal to seek leave to amend his deficient complaint. The court of appeals then remanded the case to the district court so that it could decide the issue. Before the trial began, the parties settled out of court. This settlement (unlike the court's ruling) ended his lawsuit against all government officials involved.
Mr. Iqbal's claims against lower-level officials, including guards and supervisors at the detention center, are unaffected by the court's ruling.
Souter's dissent.
Justice Souter wrote a dissent joined by Justice Stevens, Justice Ginsburg and Justice Breyer, saying that despite the fact that Ashcroft and Mueller had conceded that an officer could be subject to "Bivens" liability as a supervisor on grounds other than "respondeat superior", "(t)he court apparently rejects this concession and ... does away with supervisory liability under "Bivens". The majority then misapplies the pleading standard under "Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly", 550 U.S. 544 (2007), to conclude that the complaint fails to state a claim." Souter goes on to say that the main fallacy in the majority’s position is because they are looking at Iqbal's allegations in isolation and not as a unit. Furthermore, Iqbal is alleging that not only that Ashcroft and Mueller allowed the discrimination policy, but that they "created" it.
Breyer's dissent.
Justice Breyer filed a separate dissent saying that neither the briefs nor the Court's opinion provided convincing grounds for finding that trial courts had inadequate means to prevent unwarranted interference with "the proper execution of the work of the government."

</doc>
<doc id="19714382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714382" title="HMS Begonia (K66)">
HMS Begonia (K66)

HMS "Begonia" was a that served in the Royal Navy during World War II. In 1942 she was lent to the United States Navy and commissioned as USS "Impulse". Returned to the Royal Navy in 1945, "Begonia" was stricken and sold into merchant service. She was wrecked off the coast of Spain in 1970.
Service history.
The ship was built at Cook, Welton & Gemmell, of Beverley, England, as part of the 1939 Programme for the Royal Navy. One of the earliest Flower class corvettes, she was ordered on 25 July 1939, laid down 13 March 1940 and launched on 18 September 1940.
She was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 3 March 1941. She then served as a convoy escort.
Royal Navy.
After working up, "Begonia" was assigned to the Western Approaches Escort Force for service as a convoy escort. In this role "Begonia" was engaged in all the duties performed by escort ships; protecting convoys, searching for and attacking U-boats which attacked ships in convoy, and rescuing survivors.
During this period she fought in several convoy battles. In July 1941 "Begonia" was part of the force escorting OG 69, which saw 7 ships sunk and one U-boat damaged off the coast of Portugal.
In September 1941 "Begonia" was with HG 73, which lost 9 ships and an escort in a 10-day running battle.
During her twelve months service in the Battle of the Atlantic "Begonia" escorted 15 Atlantic and 8 Gibraltar convoys, assisting in the safe passage of over 800 ships, though some were subsequently lost.
One of a group of corvettes transferred to the U.S. Navy under reverse Lend-Lease, she was commissioned as USS "Impulse" in March 1942.
US Navy.
She was commissioned as USS "Impulse" at London on 16 March 1942 with Lt. C. M. Lyons in command. "Impulse" departed from Derry, Northern Ireland, on 15 April 1942 as a convoy escort. Upon arrival at New York on 4 May, the ship steamed to Norfolk and began regular operations as a coastal escort ship from Norfolk to Key West. "Impulse" returned to New York on 25 August 1942 for duty protecting the important supply line between that port and Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. For the next three years she made repeated escort voyages to and from Cuba, effectively helping to counter the German U-boat menace.
"Impulse" arrived at Boston on 6 July 1945 for return to the Royal Navy. She departed on 1 August and arrived Harwich, England, on 15 August. Decommissioned on 22 August 1945, the corvette was returned to the Royal Navy.
Fate.
The vessel was sold into civilian service on 22 July 1946, becoming the mercantile "Begonlock". Resold in 1949 and renamed "Fundiciones Molinao", the ship was renamed "Astiluzu" in 1951 and "Rio Mero" in 1956.
She was wrecked off Punta de los Entinas, Spain, on 21 January 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19714387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714387" title="Regavirumab">
Regavirumab

Regavirumab is a human monoclonal antibody against infections with cytomegalovirus.

</doc>
<doc id="19714389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714389" title="Henry Scobell">
Henry Scobell

Henry Scobell (baptised 1610; died 1660) was an English Parliamentary official, and editor of official publications. He was clerk to the Long Parliament, and wrote on parliamentary procedure and precedents.
Life.
He was initially under-clerk of the parliaments. He became Clerk of the House of Commons from January 5, 1649, his predecessor Henry Elsyng having resigned, and also held a position as censor of publications, and then was Clerk of the Parliament for life, on May 14, 1649. He was the first editor, from 9 October 1649, of "Severall Proceedings in Parliament", an early official newspaper, and the second of Parliament's publications.
In the Rump Parliament, Scobell found himself in the middle of the clashes leading to its dissolution in 1653. He remained Clerk to Barebone's Parliament.
From 1655 he became Clerk to the Council of State, a large jump in status, in succession to John Thurloe and sharing the position with William Jessop. Up to then he had been for a period an assistant secretary to the Council. 
In 1658, as a preliminary to the Savoy Assembly, he called together elders of Independent churches from the London area, in the house of George Griffith. He himself was an elder of the Congregational church of John Rowe, meeting in Westminster Abbey.
In October 1659 he was one of those calling on George Monck to intervene, in the vacuum of power after the death of Oliver Cromwell.

</doc>
<doc id="19714394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714394" title="Nebacumab">
Nebacumab

Nebacumab is a human monoclonal antibody developed for the treatment of sepsis. It has been withdrawn in 1993 because it failed to reduce mortality in clinical trials.

</doc>
<doc id="19714402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714402" title="The Philharmonics">
The Philharmonics

The Philharmonics were a versatile African-American vocal quintet from Springfield, Missouri who became successful despite origins in a then-racially-intolerant town and era. They were at their peak in the 1950s and performed across the United States. The group could adapt to many styles of music from gospel, rhythm and blues and pop to country and Western. They had splendid harmony, choreography, a colorful wardrobe and an impeccable stage presence.
The group was originally a quartet, composed of Homer "Jolly" Boyd, George Culp (bass), Elbridge "Old Man" Moss (deceased), and Clarence "Chick" Rice (baritone) (deceased). Joe Neal Hardin (deceased) was an earlier member. The group became a quintet with the addition of James Logan (tenor) (deceased).
Their roots were in gospel music. Moss, from Kentucky, performed with vocal groups during his World War II service in the US Army. Upon discharge, he visited his brother in Springfield, met and married a local girl, and moved to the town in the mid-1940s. He met the others in the choir at Gibson Chapel Church where they performed with pianist Florence Sample Thompson. Boyd was 17 and in high school when he joined. 
In the early 1950s, the group won twice on a talent show on CBS-TV, "The Original Youth Opportunity Program", hosted by Horace Heidt, which showcased young performers from across the country. They also toured with the show. 
The Philharmonics, nicknamed the Phils, were regularly featured on ABC's nationally broadcast television show, "Ozark Jubilee", from 1955 to 1960 and provided background vocals for many of the country music stars on the program. They also appeared on ABC's "The Eddy Arnold Show" in 1956, and briefly had their own show on Springfield's KYTV-TV. They recorded on the Cardinal Records label. Their singles included "Teen Town Hop" and "That's Why I'm Losing You", both written by Moss. 
Boyd and Culp performed at the 2007 Ozarks Celebration Festival at Missouri State University. In 2008, the group was honored with a star on the Missouri Walk of Fame in Marshfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19714406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714406" title="Twilight (comics)">
Twilight (comics)

Twilight, in comics, may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19714439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714439" title="Stadionul Orăşenesc">
Stadionul Orăşenesc

Stadionul Orăşenesc is a multi-use stadium in Buftea, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CS Buftea. The stadium holds 1,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19714440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714440" title="Central pebble-mound mouse">
Central pebble-mound mouse

The central pebble-mound mouse (Pseudomys johnsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae, native to Australia. The Kimberley mouse ("Pseudomys laborifex") was, until recently, considered distinct from "P. johnsoni", but they are now known to be conspecific. It is one of the pebble-mound mice.

</doc>
<doc id="19714444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714444" title="John Watson (college president)">
John Watson (college president)

John Watson was the first principal and president of and professor of moral philosophy at Jefferson College.
Watson, a native of Western Pennsylvania, was born in 1771 and was a student at Canonsburg Academy (later Jefferson College, now Washington & Jefferson College). He was a student of the school's founder, John McMillan, who was arranged for him to attend the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University), from where he graduated in 1797. Watson married McMillan's second daughter, Margaret. In his time, Watson was known as an accomplished Latin and Greek scholar. He was one of the founders of the Philo Literary Society at Jefferson College.
A frail and intense man, in sharp contrast with his mentor and father-in-law McMillan, Watson was elected to the Presidency of Jefferson College (now Washington & Jefferson College) on August 29, 1802. Watson died on November 30, 1802, only three months after his ascension to the presidency and 2 days after the first Jefferson College diplomas were awarded. McMillan carried out his duties until the election of James Dunlap as the second president of Jefferson College.

</doc>
<doc id="19714449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714449" title="Hanna Schwarz">
Hanna Schwarz

Hanna Schwarz (born 15 August 1943), is a German mezzo-soprano and contralto singer in opera and concert. In 1976 she performed the parts of Fricka and Erda in the centenary production of Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen" at the Bayreuth Festival, staged by Patrice Chéreau.
Career.
Schwarz studied psychology and voice in Hamburg and continued at the Folkwang Hochschule and at the Musikhochschule Hannover. She became a member of the Staatsoper Hannover and made her debut as Siegrune in Richard Wagner's "Die Walküre". Her first major success was Maddalena in Giuseppe Verdi's "Rigoletto". In 1972 she appeared in the title role of "Carmen" at the . From 1973 she was a member of the Hamburg State Opera, where she sang for more than 30 years.
She made her debut at the Bayreuth Festival in 1975 in the role of Flosshilde in "Der Ring des Nibelungen" and performed there until 1998. In 1976 she was Fricka and Erda in the centenary "Ring" production of Patrice Chéreau, shown until 1980, recorded for television and published on DVD. In Bayreuth, she sang Brangäne in "Tristan und Isolde" from 1981 and Waltraute in "Götterdämmerung" from 1984, as well as Roßweiße and Second Norn in the "Ring", and Blumenmädchen and Knappe in "Parsifal".
Schwarz made her US debut in 1977 as Fricka with the San Francisco Opera. She sang Cherubino in Mozart's "Le nozze di Figaro" at the Deutsche Oper Berlin. In 1979 she appeared as Countess Geschwitz in the Paris premiere of Alban Berg's "Lulu" in the version completed by Friedrich Cerha. In 1980 she sang Waltraute in the 1980 Covent Garden "Ring" cycle. She appeared as Herodias in "Salome" by Richard Strauss in 1982 at the Salzburg Festival and in 1996 at the Metropolitan Opera. In the premiere of Alfred Schnittke's "Historia von D. Johann Fausten" on 22 June 1995, she performed Mephistophela.
She has made many appearances as a concert artist, and features in a large number of recordings. As an interpreter of lieder she often performed with the German pianist Sebastian Peschko. Hanna Schwarz is a professor at Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19714450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714450" title="Court Avenue">
Court Avenue

Court Avenue is a small street in downtown Bellefontaine, Ohio, United States, located adjacent to the Logan County Courthouse. Constructed in 1891, it is known for being the first street in the United States to be paved with concrete.
Early history.
Court Avenue, like Bellefontaine's other streets, was originally a dirt road that could easily become dusty or muddy in bad weather. In 1886, concrete pioneer George Bartholomew moved to Logan County, where he found high-quality raw materials used for concrete production. By 1891, he had hopes of using concrete for street pavement, so he gained the Bellefontaine city council's permission to pave a few square feet of the nearby Main Street as a test patch. Although some feared that concrete pavement would quickly be damaged or destroyed, the pavement endured, and in 1893, the council permitted the pavement of all the streets surrounding the courthouse, including Court Avenue. While Bartholomew provided the materials, the actual process of laying the concrete was led by James Wonders, the county engineer. The council was not initially enthusiastic about the proposal, nevertheless; having found no previous examples of such paving methods, it required Bartholomew to donate the cement and to pay a $5,000 bond to ensure that the pavement would last for five years. These fears also led authorities to have the concrete covered in sawdust in cold weather.
Intermediate history.
Although Bartholomew paved all four streets surrounding the courthouse, Main and Opera Streets and Columbus Avenue have since been paved over with asphalt due to damage from a broken water main in the 1950s. Consequently, Court Avenue has become a center of historical interest and preservation efforts as the only remaining example of Bartholomew's original pavement. Various anniversaries have seen celebrations and reconstructions, including the placement of a large concrete memorial on the courthouse grounds on the 50th anniversary, rededication on the 70th anniversary, and recognition with a historical marker on the 75th anniversary. Bartholomew's concrete was strong enough to see little damage for its first several decades, requiring the expense of only $1,400 for maintenance in its first fifty years, although it required reconstruction in the 1960s. On February 25, 1974, the street was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Recent history.
In recent years, Court Avenue has been the center of various historic preservation efforts. The street was the focus of a centenary celebration in 1991: a monument of Bartholomew was placed at the western end of the street, both to honor the pioneer and to close the street to motor vehicles, and the street was turned into a pedestrian mall. However, few people (except for skateboaders) used the street, and its impact on the downtown traffic flow led to its reopening several years later. The monument to Bartholomew remains, but has been moved to ensure that only the eastbound lane is usable. Today, the Logan County Historical Society and others hope to see the street restored to its car-free state, although downtown businesses and many other local residents want it to stay open for traffic.
Composition and structure.
The pavement as originally laid was composed of two levels of concrete made in a method similar to that used to pave sidewalks. Aside from Bartholomew's cement, made from clay and limestone, the concrete included aggregate of no larger than ½ and 1½ inches (top and bottom layers respectively), with water-cement ratios of 0.45 and 0.60 (top and bottom), laid on a -deep base. Mixed by hand, the concrete has an air mixture of about 8% and a total strength of about 34.5 megapascals, or slightly over 5,000 psi. The total cost of paving the street was approximately $9,000, aside from the bond. Restorations performed on the pavement since the original construction have proven less resilient; most patches in poor condition are those that have been restored, with Bartholomew's remaining segments withstanding damage more satisfactorily.

</doc>
<doc id="19714462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714462" title="Mountbatten Medal">
Mountbatten Medal

The Mountbatten Medal is awarded annually for an outstanding contribution, or contributions over a period, to the promotion of electronics or information technology and their application.
The Medal was established by the National Electronics Council in 1992 and named after The Earl Mountbatten of Burma, the first Chairman of the Council.
Eligibility.
The medal may be awarded only to UK residents, or international residents who have accomplished achievements of benefit to the UK.
Contributions can be within the spheres of science, technology, industry or commerce and in the dissemination of understanding of electronics and information technology, whether to young people, or adults.
Selection panel.
The Mountbatten Medal Advisory Panel, comprising the Presidents of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, the British Computer Society and the Royal Academy of Engineering, meets in June, each year, to consider nominations for the Mountbatten Medal and to agree two names to be put before HRH The Duke of Kent, who then makes the final decision.
Criteria.
In selecting a winner, the Panel give particular emphasis to:
Recipients.
The Medal recipients to date have been :

</doc>
<doc id="19714465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714465" title="Dmitri Khomukha">
Dmitri Khomukha

Dmitri Ivanovich Khomukha (, ) (born August 23, 1969 in Ashgabat) is a retired Turkmenistani footballer. He is Ukrainian by ethnicity and also has Russian citizenship. Khomukha is currently the coach of the Russia national under-17 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19714474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714474" title="1962 Pacific hurricane season">
1962 Pacific hurricane season

The 1962 Pacific hurricane season was a moderately active Pacific hurricane season that included two hurricane landfalls. The 1962 Pacific hurricane season officially started on May 15, 1962 in the eastern Pacific and June 1, 1962 in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility and lasted until November 30, 1962 in both regions. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
The first of two hurricane landfalls, Hurricane Valerie, struck northwestern Mexico in June. The other, Hurricane Doreen, hit further to the north of Valerie in October. The most impacting storm of the season was Tropical Storm Claudia, after its remnants dropped heavy rainfall in portions of Arizona. The rainfall left damaging flooding across rivers and towns. No people were killed, but damage totaled to $11 million (1962 USD). Moreover, Tropical Storm Bernie also made landfall along the Baja California peninsula, later providing rain to Arizona. An unusually high number of storms threatened the Palmyra Atoll, where only 1% of known Pacific tropical cyclones have threatened. In all, a total of 16 storms were observed, which was above average though only two (Valerie and Doreen) reached hurricane intensity.
Seasonal summary.
With 16 named storms, the season was above the 1949-2006 average of 13 named storms and was the most active season ever recorded that that time; however, this record was broken in the 1968 Pacific hurricane season, which saw 18 storms. Despite the activity, only two hurricane were observed and no major hurricanes (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale were noted. These totals are well below their long-term averages of seven and three respectively. This season was part of a decade-long absence of major hurricanes; during the 1960s, only one major hurricane was observed and none were noted from 1960-66. However, it is possible that some storms were missed due to the lack of satellite coverage in the region; at that time, satellite data was still scarce, and 1962 is still four years shy of the start of the geostationary satellite era, which began in 1966. Moreover, the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) was in the midst of a cold phase during this time period, which has a tendency to suppress Pacific hurricane activity. During the season, tropical cyclone advisories were issued by the Naval Fleet Warning Central (NFWC) in Alameda, which held responsibility for the basin until 1970.
Storms.
Hurricane Valerie.
The first tropical cyclone of the season – Hurricane Valerie – was first observed on June 24, about 245 mi (400 km) west of Acapulco, Guerrero. It moved northwestward along the coast, producing high seas and strong winds in southwestern Mexico. Valerie was estimated to have attained peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h). It turned to the northeast and struck near Mazatlán on June 25, dissipating early the next day.
Tropical Storm Willa.
On July 8, Tropical Storm Willa developed south of the Baja California peninsula. It maintained a west-northwestward track throughout its duration, remaining a minimal tropical storm. On July 10, the storm dissipated.
Tropical Storm Ava.
In the middle of August, a tropical storm formed off the southwest coast of Mexico. Given the name Ava, it tracked to the northwest before turning more to the north. It dissipated on August 20.
Unnamed August tropical storm.
As the previous storm was dissipating, another tropical storm developed to its west. Lasting only two days, it dissipated on August 22 about halfway between Hawaii and the west coast of Mexico.
Hurricane "C".
On August 24, satellite imagery indicated a hurricane with a defined eye was located over the central Pacific Ocean. It slowly weakened as it moved over lukewarm waters, and deteriorated more rapidly after wind shear increased. By August 28, the system consisted of a circulation with only weak associated convection. It weakened to a tropical depression on August 30, although it remained a tropical cyclone until September 2. At that time it was last observed about 200 mi (320 km) south of Hilo, Hawaii.
Tropical Storm Bernice.
A tropical storm named Bernice developed on September 2 west of Jalisco. After moving northwestward for two days, the storm turned to the north, striking Baja California on September 6 before dissipating. The remnants of the storm later brought moderate rain to Arizona.
Tropical Storm Claudia.
Later in the month, another storm similar to Bernice existed. Tropical Storm Claudia formed on September 20 to the southwest of Acapulco. It maintained a general northwest movement for its duration. On September 23, Claudia crossed over the western portion of the Baja California peninsula, moved over water, and again struck the peninsula before dissipating.
The remnant moisture caused severe flash floods in the vicinity of Tucson, with of precipitation falling over the headwaters of the washes of Santa Rosa, Jackrabbit, and Brawley during a 14–15 hour period. Over of rainfall also fell near the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum. The ensuing flood of the Santa Cruz River and its tributaries produced a path of destruction about long and up to wide. Santa Rosa Wash conveyed at its peak; Los Robles Wash carried up to , while the Santa Cruz River proper peaked at . The washes and rivers reached depths of up to , and overflowed its banks in places by . Flooding from the storm inundated the towns of Marana and Sells, both in Pima County. Helicopters rescued 27 families from Fort Huachuca. There was one indirect death related to the flooding, due to an ambulance not being able to reach an elderly woman. The flooding also killed many cattle, and damage in Pima and Pinal counties exceeded $11 million (1962 USD), much of it from crop damage. The flooding prompted a disaster declaration by former governor Paul Fannin, which provided funds for the affected people.
Unnamed September tropical storm.
On September 26, a tropical storm developed off the southwest coast of Mexico. The storm moved to the west-northwest for several days, dissipating on September 30.
September and October Central Pacific tropical cyclones.
In September and October, satellite imagery indicated that there were five tropical storms in the central Pacific Ocean. The first, designated Tropical Storm "R", passed about 200 mi (320 km) north of Palmyra Island on September 28. It represented about 1% of storms in the basin to directly affect the island, after it produced westerly winds there. Tropical Storm "T" existed on September 29 without affecting land. Similarly, Tropical Storm "X" existed on October 2 over open Pacific waters. The next day, Tropical Storm "Z" passed near Johnston Island during the Operation Dominic I and II nuclear tests, although no impact was reported. Lastly, satellite imagery indicated Tropical Storm "A" on October 27 to the northeast of Palmyra Island.
Hurricane Doreen.
The last storm of the season was Hurricane Doreen, which formed on October 1 off the southwest Mexican coast. It moved northwestward before curving to the north, although later it turned again to the northwest. Doreen was estimated to have attained peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h). On October 4, Doreen made its closest approach to the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula as it began a motion to the northeast. Later that day, the hurricane moved over southern Sonora before dissipating on October 5. Hurricane Doreen was responsible for light rainfall in the U.S. States of Arizona, New Mexico, and West Texas.
Tropical depressions.
There were two non-developing tropical depressions during the season.
Surface observations and satellite imagery indicated the formation of a tropical depression about north of Palmyra Island on July 29. It moved west-northwestward without developing further, and eventually dissipated on August 2 over the central Pacific.
On August 31, the Joint Hurricane Warning Center named a tropical depression in the Central Pacific basin as Tropical Depression 63, following the West Pacific's numbering. The advisories were discontinued from the South Point of Big Island, where it was no longer considered a threat to shipping lanes or any land masses.
Storm names.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1962. No names were retired from this list. This is a part of list 1 and list 2, which was used from 1960-1965. Names that were not assigned are marked in gray.

</doc>
<doc id="19714476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714476" title="Telimomab aritox">
Telimomab aritox

Telimomab aritox is a mouse monoclonal antibody which is an immunosuppressive drug. The antibody is linked to the A chain of the ricin protein (which is reflected by the "aritox" in the drug's name).

</doc>
<doc id="19714482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714482" title="1963 Pacific hurricane season">
1963 Pacific hurricane season

The 1963 Pacific hurricane season was a below-average season, with 8 storms and 4 hurricanes forming. The season ran through the summer and fall of 1963.
The strongest of these storms were Glenda and Mona, which both had 85 mph (135 km/h) winds. The first storm, Emily, made landfall near Manzanillo, Mexico as a Category 1 hurricane. The next hurricanes, Florence and Glenda, stayed far away from land. Jenny-Katherine made landfall on Baja California as a tropical depression on September 18. Tropical Storm Irah affected Hawaii as a tropical depression. An unnamed tropical storm curved round Hawaii from 2-8 August. Lillian became post-tropical shortly before making landfall on September 29 with winds of 50 mph. Mona, the final storm of the season made landfall around about the same area as Lillian did with winds of 85 mph.
__TOC__
Storms.
Timeline of activity in the 1963 Pacific hurricane season
Hurricane Emily.
Hurricane Emily formed on June 29 while moving west. It then turned to the north and dissipated over the mountainous regions of Mexico.
Hurricane Florence.
Hurricane Florence followed nearly a due west track as it persisted to move away from land and eventually weakened and dissipated without any affect on a landmass.
Hurricane Glenda.
Hurricane Glenda stayed at sea. 
Unnamed tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Four stayed over the ocean.
Tropical Storm Jennifer-Katherine.
Tropical Storm Jennifer-Katherine moved through the Eastern Pacific in mid-September. It moved northward, and hit Baja California on September 18, bringing heavy rain to southern California. A total of fell in the mountains of southern California from the storm. The storm had two names because it was assumed that Jennifer dissipated and Katherine reformed, but it was in actuality one storm.
Tropical Storm Irah.
Irah peaked at a tropical storm and made a direct hit on Hawaii.
Tropical Storm Lillian.
Tropical Storm Lillian paralleled the Mexican coast. It was originally moving to the north-west but turned to the west-northeast on 28 September hit Western Mexico as a tropical storm.
Hurricane Mona.
Hurricane Mona hit western Mexico on October 19.
Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE).
The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season. Broadly speaking, the ACE is a measure of the power of a hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed, so storms that last a long time, as well as particularly strong hurricanes, have high ACEs. ACE is calculated for only full advisories on specifically tropical systems reaching or exceeding wind speeds of 34 knots (39 mph, 63 km/h), or tropical storm strength. Accordingly, tropical depressions are not included here. The ACE also does not include subtropical storms. Later the NHC reexamines the data, and produces a final report on each storm, which can lead to the ACE for a storm being revised either upward or downward. Until the final reports are issued, ACEs are, therefore, provisional.

</doc>
<doc id="19714483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714483" title="Super Coupe National du Mali">
Super Coupe National du Mali

The Super Coupe National is a match competition in Mali football, played between the Malien Première Division champions and the Malien Cup winners.

</doc>
<doc id="19714488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714488" title="1964 Pacific hurricane season">
1964 Pacific hurricane season

The 1964 Pacific hurricane season was the least active Pacific hurricane season on record since 1953. The season officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific and June 1 in the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility and lasted until November 30 in both regions. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
During this season only six tropical storms developed, of which two intensified into hurricanes. Of the two hurricanes, one reached Category 2 intensity of the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. No storms reached major hurricane status (Category 3 or higher on the hurricane scale), an unusual occurrence. The first tropical cyclone of the season, Tropical Storm Natalie made landfall in Mexico in early to mid-July. About a week later, Hurricane Odessa became the strongest storm of the season in terms of wind speed. Tropical Storm Prudence brought high waves to Southern California, while becoming the strongest storm of the year in terms of barometric pressure. In addition, Tropical Storm Tellie produced severe flooding to much of the Southwestern United States, in particular in Arizona in early to mid-September.
Seasonal summary.
With only 6 named storms, the season was well below the 1949–2006 average of 13 named storms and is the second fewest number of storms in the hurricane database, only behind the 1953 Pacific hurricane season, in which just 5 storms were observed. Moreover, 1964 is the least active season since the satellite era began in the basin in 1961. Of the six storms that formed, three formed in July, two developed in August, and the final storm of the year existed in early to mid-September. Only two tropical cyclones reached hurricane status, compared to the modern-day average of seven. Furthermore, 1964 is also one of the few seasons without a major hurricane. This season was part of a decade-long absence of major hurricanes; during the 1960s, only one major hurricane was observed and none were noted from 1960–1966. However, it is possible that some storms were missed due to the lack of satellite coverage in the region; at that time, satellite data was still scarce, and 1964 is still two years shy of the start of the geostationary satellite era, which began in 1966. Some efforts are underway to improve the records for this time period; however, this process will likely take years to complete. Also, the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) was in the midst of a cold phase during this time period, which tends to suppress Pacific hurricane activity. During the season, tropical cyclone advisories were issued by the Naval Fleet Warning Central (NFWC) in Alameda, which held responsibility for the basin until 1970.
Storms.
Hurricane Natalie.
On July 5, the ship "California Star" recorded winds of and a barometric pressure of ; consequently, the storm was upgraded into Tropical Storm Nataline. After passing through the Tres Marinas Islands just offshore, Nateline attained its peak intensity of (making Nataline a Category 1 hurricane on the present-day Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale) and a peak pressure of , though the Pacific hurricane database does not show the storm getting any stronger than . The next day, July 7, the NFWC reported that Nataline made landfall near Mazatlan with winds of just before dissipating. No known impact was recorded.
Hurricane Odessa.
Hurricane Odessa formed on July 15. The storm quickly intensified and was believed to have attained peak intensity of , making Odessa a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. After moving west, Odessa steadily weakened, and by July 18, the winds had decreased to . Later on July 18, it turned towards the northwest, and shortly thereafter, the hurricane turned towards the west-southwest. Odessa quickly re-intensified, and according to ship reports, the storm attained winds of . Odessa dissipated at 1800 UTC on July 19. Even though the storm was about south of Socorro Island at the time of its formation, tropical cyclone warnings and watches were posted for the island.
Tropical Storm Prudence.
Near the area where Odessa developed, a mid-level tropical storm formed early on July 20 despite ships in the vicinity of the storm reporting winds of . Moving generally west-northwest, it initially failed to intensify, and maintained winds of 50 mph (85 km/h) for a few days After briefly turning west on July 22, it resumed a west-northwest course while attaining its peak wind speed of . It held on to this intensity until July 23, when it encountered cooler sea surface temperatures. Shortly before dissipating, the system turned back towards the west. Tropical Storm Prudence dissipated on July 24. Even though it never made landfall, the cyclone produced high waves along the California coast, especially along Newport Beach.
Tropical Storm Roslyn.
A tropical depression formed on August 21. Later that day, the NFWC upgraded the storm into a tropical storm, with winds of . At the time of the upgrade, Tropical Storm Roslyn was located roughly south-southwest of Cabo San Lucas. After passing east of Clarion Island during the evening hours of September 20, Roslyn attained its peak strength of , making Roslyn a strong tropical storm. While maintaining its intensity, Roslyn drifted west-northwest. The storm dissipated at 1800 UTC on August 22.
Tropical Storm Silvia.
Tropical Storm Silvia was first noted by the NFWC on August 23 about south of Mazatlan, with winds of . After tropical cyclogenesis, the storm quickly weakened. Simultaneously, Silvia moved westward, passing about south of Cabo San Lucas. By August 24, the NFWC had stopped monitoring the system.
Tropical Storm Tillie.
The last tropical cyclone of the season, Tropical Storm Tillie, developed on September 7. At first, the cyclone moved north-northwest; Tillie reached its peak intensity of at that time of its formation approximately west of Mazatlan. Early on September 8, while located about southwest of Cabo San Lucas, Tillie began a gradual turn towards the west-northwest. Tropical Storm Tillie dissipated at 0600 UTC on September 9 off the coast of California, having only been a tropical cyclone for just over two days.
When Tillie posed a threat to Baja California, winds of were forecast to occur. The storm's residual moisture was adverted over southern Arizona, allowing a passing cold front to trigger widespread showers and thunderstorms on the evening of September 9. The most significant rainfall was reported along southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, and around El Paso. Amado sustained in a 72 hour time span. Furthermore, Tucson received of rainfall in a 24-hour period between September 9–10, and two locations—one in the Catalina Mountain foothills and one near Sahuarita—recorded of precipitation. Coupled with rain during the previous week, the Santa Cruz River produced heavy runoff, with peak flows of recorded near Cortaro.
Storm names.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1964. No names were retired from this list. This is a part of list 2, which was used from 1960-1965. Names that were not assigned are marked in gray.

</doc>
<doc id="19714490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714490" title="Sunwook Kim">
Sunwook Kim

Sunwook Kim (born in Seoul, 1988) is a South Korean pianist.
Sunwook Kim came to international recognition when he won the prestigious Leeds International Piano Competition in 2006, aged just 18, becoming the competition’s youngest winner for 40 years, as well as its first Asian winner. His performance of Brahms’s Concerto No.1 with the Hallé Orchestra and Sir Mark Elder in the competition’s finals attracted unanimous praise from the press.
Sunwook Kim just concluded 2012 with a highly successful debut with the London Symphony Orchestra, stepping in at short notice to perform Beethoven’s Concerto No.4, conducted by Sir John Eliot Gardiner. Other highlights among his concerto projects in 12/13 and future seasons include return engagements with London’s Philharmonia Orchestra (Beethoven 4 with Juraj Valcuha), Manchester’s Hallé Orchestra (Brahms 2 and Beethoven 4 with Mark Elder), the Bournemouth Symphony (Brahms 2 Kiril Karabits), the Helsinki Radio Symphony (Beethoven 4 with Andrew Manze) and the Seoul Philharmonic (Bartok 2 with Peter Eötvös, Beethoven 5 with Myung-Whun Chung).
Recital projects for 12/13 and 13/14 include a Berlin debut at the Philharmonie (Kammermusiksaal), returns to the “Piano 4 Etoiles” series at Salle Pleyel in Paris, the Wigmore Hall in London, as well as the completion of his acclaimed Beethoven sonata cycle at the LG Arts Center, Seoul. Following his highly successful Japan debut tour in Spring 2012, he will also return to Kioi Hall Tokyo, Symphony Hall Osaka and Shirakawa Hall Nagoya.
Sunwook Kim is also a keen chamber musician. His chamber music projects in the 12/13 season include Brahms concerts in Berlin (Philharmonie) and Paris (Pleyel) with members of the Berliner Philharmoniker, and recitals in Italy with the German violinist Veronika Eberle.
He has appeared as a concerto soloist in the subscription series of the London Symphony Orchestra (Gardiner), Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra (Chung), London Philharmonic (Sinaisky), Philharmonia Orchestra (Ashkenazy), Berlin Radio Symphony (Janowski), Radio-France Philharmonic (Chung), Tokyo Philharmonic (Chung), NHK Symphony (Steffens), Hallé Orchestra (Elder), BBC National Orchestra of Wales, BBC Philharmonic, Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra, Royal Scottish National Orchestra, Lausanne Chamber Orchestra, and the Aspen Festival Orchestra.
Recital appearances to date include the Wigmore Hall in London, the prestigious “Paris 4 Etoiles” series at Salle Pleyel in Paris, Kioi Hall in Tokyo, Symphony Hall Osaka, Brussels Klara Festival, Brussels Summer Festival, Beethoven-Haus and Beethovenfest in Bonn, Klavier-Festival Ruhr and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Festspiele, the Dinard Festival in France, the London and Vancouver Chopin Societies, the Aspen Music Festival, New York’s International Keyboard Institute, the New Ross International Piano Festival in Ireland, the Duszniki Zdrój International Chopin Festival in Poland as well as the Tongyeong International Music Festival and Kumho Rising Stars Series in Korea.
Born in Seoul in 1988, Sunwook Kim began the piano at the age of 3. He gave his debut recital aged just 10 at the Kumho Prodigy Series in Seoul, and this was followed by his concerto debut two years later.
Sunwook Kim graduated from the Korean National University of Arts in February 2008, where he was a student of Daejin Kim. Besides Leeds, international awards include the first prize at the 2004 Ettlingen Competition (Germany) and the 2005 Clara Haskil Competition (Switzerland).
He is currently living in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19714499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714499" title="Stadionul Concordia">
Stadionul Concordia

Concordia Stadium is a football stadium in Chiajna, Romania. The stadium holds 5,123 people.
It is the home ground of Concordia Chiajna. It hosted three group games, one semifinal and the final of the 2011 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19714522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714522" title="1931 Australian Grand Prix">
1931 Australian Grand Prix

The 1931 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at Phillip Island on 23 March 1931. The race had 20 entrants and 14 starters.
It was the fourth Australian Grand Prix and the fourth held at Phillip Island. The race was run in 4 classes (A, B, C and D)
Classification.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19714526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714526" title="Bert Loxley">
Bert Loxley

Herbert "Bert" Loxley (3 February 1934 – 9 October 2008) was an English footballer and manager. As a player, Loxley spent the majority of his career at Notts County, where he played more than 250 first-team games as a wing-half. Loxley made his debut for the Magpies during the 1954–55 season. In 1964, he left Notts County, and had a brief spell on the books of Mansfield Town.
Following a spell in non-league football, Loxley returned to the professional game in October 1966, when he joined Lincoln City as a member of the coaching staff. However, due to an injury crisis, Loxley had to resume his playing career, and played seven times for the Imps during the 1966–67 season.
In 1970, Loxley was appointed manager at Lincoln. He quit as manager in March 1971, and returned to his old job in the Lincoln coaching staff. He stayed with the club until 1987, and was awarded a testimonial in 1979–80 for his services to Lincoln City.
Loxley died in October 2008, following a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19714527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714527" title="S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices">
S&amp;P Dow Jones Indices

S&P Dow Jones Indices is a joint venture between McGraw Hill Financial, the CME Group, and News Corporation that was announced in 2011 and launched in 2012. It produces, maintains, licenses, and markets stock market indices as benchmarks and as the basis of investible products, such as exchange-traded funds (ETFs), mutual funds, and structured products. The company currently has employees in 15 cities worldwide, including New York, NY, London, Frankfurt, Singapore, Hong Kong, Beijing, and Dubai.
The company's best known indices are the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). The DJIA was created in 1896. The company also manages the oldest index in use, the Dow Jones Transportation Index, which was created in 1882 by Charles Dow, founder of "The Wall Street Journal". An index follows a certain market and gives investors a single number to summarize its ups and downs. It enables the world's institutional (and retail) investors can track a market without having to buy the underlying components. It is a convenient way for someone interested in a broad, narrow or extremely narrow group of securities to track them.
Pension funds and other money managers often use indexes as benchmarks. This means that "active" investors (those who pick various securities to buy and hold for their returns) track their own returns against a benchmark index (an index that typifies its market) to see if they are out- or under-performing that market. Investors who do not want to do this (those who buy into indexes or securities that use indexes as their basis) are called "passive" investors. They are known to link their portfolios to the broad market and do not try to outguess conventional market wisdom. Passive investors argue that almost no active investors can beat the overall markets in the long-term.
Indexes.
The DJI has over 130,000 indexes, though a lot of these are not used by many people. Most are equity (stock) indexes, but also fixed-income, futures, options, private equity, commodity, currency and other alternative asset class indexes. Dow Jones Indexes says that all its products are maintained according to clear, unbiased and systematic methodologies that are fully integrated within index families.
DJI and Sustainable Asset Management (SAM), launched the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices in 1999. These indexes track performance of sustainability-driven companies around the world. There are currently 70 DJSI licensees held by asset managers in 16 countries to manage a variety of financial products, including active and passive funds, certificates and segregated accounts.
DJI partnered with AIG to create the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity Index. It tracks trades on futures contracts for physical commodities, like energy (petroleum, gas), precious metals (gold, silver), industrial metals (zinc, copper), grains (corn, wheat), livestock (lean hogs, live cattle), among others.
UBS Securities LLC has acquired AIG Financial Product Corp.'s commodity business as of May 6, 2009. As such, the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity Indexes have been re-branded as the Dow Jones-UBS Commodity Indexes effective May 7, 2009.
The Dow Jones Select Dividend Indexes reflects the performance of leading dividend-yielding stocks. It includes global and regional indexes. It was DJI's first fundamentals-driven index.
Dow Jones Indexes also does "specialty" indexes for specific markets or interests. It has the Dow Jones U.S. Economic Stimulus Index, the Olympic-inspired Dow Jones Summer/Winter Games, the race-car centric Dow Jones Formula 1 Index and the closely followed Dow Jones Luxury Index, among others.
Companies can also request that specific indexes be created to suit their clients' interest or for publicity purposes. This is popular with smaller asset management and public relations firms.
Recent history.
In March 2008, Chicago Climate Exchange, Inc. (CCX), the world's first and North America's only voluntary, legally binding integrated greenhouse gas emissions reduction, registry and trading system, announced that Dow Jones Indexes and Sustainable Asset Management had granted CCX a license for the Dow Jones Sustainability World (DJSI World) and Dow Jones Sustainability North America Indexes (DJSI North America). The contracts are listed on CCX's wholly – owned subsidiary Chicago Climate Futures Exchange (CCFE), the world's leading environmental derivatives exchange. They trade emissions credits and DJI makes the indexes that are based on them.
In July 2008, DJI partnered with Brookfield Asset Management (BAM) to develop the Dow Jones Brookfield Infrastructure Indexes. This index series was designed to serve as benchmarks of companies that own and operate key infrastructure assets, like toll roads, pipelines and ports.
DJI launches an average of one index or index family per week. It often creates an index for a specific event (i.e. Dow Jones 2008 Summer Games Index, launched December 2007), a specific market (Dow Jones Luxury Index, launched June 2008) or a very small market (Dow Jones Cyprus Titans 10 Index). In some instances it cooperates with other entities to create a custom index (Barron’s 400 Index, launched September 2007).
In July 2007, the Iowa Peace officers Retirement System has adopted the Dow Jones Wilshire Index Family (now called the Dow Jones Total Stock Market Indexes; see below). These indexes are popular benchmarks for pension funds looking to minimize risk and market exposure. They used the Dow Jones Wilshire 5000sm (now called the Dow Jones U.S. Total Stock Market Index), to benchmark its equity investment portfolio.
In August 2008, News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch announced a new worldwide benchmark index – the Global Dow. It will comprise 150 stocks around the world that will include large companies in established markets, but also rising stars in emerging markets as well as companies specializing in new technologies. Murdoch made the announcement in Mumbai, India, emphasizing its global outlook.
Dow Jones Industrial Average historical data (along with several other major indexes) recently became available on a new website, www.djaverages.com. The company also has a widely read quarterly newsletter called "Insights" that covers the industry. The current issue as well as back issues are available at http://www.djindexes.com/insights/.
In April 2009, Dow Jones rolled out the Dow Jones Total Stock Market (TSM) Indexes. They were designed to provide comprehensive coverage of the U.S. equity market. It's flagship index was intended to be the Dow Jones U.S. Total Stock Market Index, an all-inclusive measure composed of all U.S. equity securities with readily available prices. It is sliced according to stock-size segment, style and sector to create distinct sub-indexes that track every major segment of the market. DJI claims that the indexes were created and maintained according to an objective and transparent methodology with the fundamental aim of providing reliable, accurate measures of U.S. equity performance.
On June 1, 2009, DJI changed the components of the famous benchmark Dow Jones Industrial Average. It cut Citigroup and GM - both of which were trading at or under $1 per share (and both of which, after receiving Federal bailout money, were practically government wards). They were replaced by insurance giant Travelers and IT pioneer Cisco Systems.
Later that month, Dow Jones Indexes announced a joint marketing agreement with LVA Indices (Chile,) and Proveedor Integral de Precios (PIP) to create a new series of corporate and government fixed income indexes called Dow Jones Latixx Indexes It started with dozens of Mexican and Chilean bonds, with plans to move into Costa Rica, Peru, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia and Venezuela. If you go to its www.latixx.com website, then go to About Us, and then Video, there is a mini-infomercial in English. The Spanish version of the site has the same video in Spanish. The video is also up on YouTube:.
In February 2010, it added 22 new bonds from Chile and Mexico. In October 2010, it launched Peruvian bond indexes and on June 8, 2011, it added four Costa Rican bond indexes.
Dow Jones Indexes was named Most Innovative ETF Index Provider 2009 for the Americas by exchangetradedfunds.com
In October 2009, the Dow Jones GCC Titans 50 Real Return Index became the basis for the first exchange traded fund (ETF) in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). The licensee is National Bank of Abu Dhabi (NBAD). The index measures the performance of 50 leading component stocks traded in the six Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) member states: Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.
That same month, DJI launched DJIM Greater China Index. It has been licensed to ETFs in Malaysia and other countries.
November 2009: Charles Schwab licensed five Dow Jones Total Stock Market (TSM) Size and Style indexes for exchange traded funds. It is "Chuck's" first proprietary line of ETFs.
In that same month, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was licensed by Simplex Asset Management in Japan to underlie an ETF. This is the first time the DJIA was licensed to a Japanese ETF. It launched in December 2009.
In January 2010, DJI announced that the Dow Jones Corporate Bond Index would serve as the basis of the first fixed-income exchange-traded note (ETN) available in Israel. This was the first time the index has been licensed as the basis for an exchange-traded product globally. The ETN is sponsored by Harel SAL, a subsidiary of Harel Finance, and is available on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange (TASE).
In addition to the Dow Jones Corporate Bond Index, Dow Jones Indexes licensed the Dow Jones Brazil Titans 20 Index as the basis for an Israeli ETN that was listed at the TASE.
On February 10, 2010, Dow Jones and CME Group announced an agreement to form a joint venture to operate a global financial index services business. The definitive agreement is set to provide for CME Group to own 90% of the venture to which Dow Jones will contribute its Dow Jones Indexes business valued at $675 million. Dow Jones is expected to hold the remaining 10% and retain a key role in the management of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. CME Group will contribute a business which provides certain market data services said to be valued at $607.5 million to the joint venture. The new joint venture will also raise approximately $613 million in third-party debt which will be used to pay a $607.5 million distribution to Dow Jones.
The deal was expected to close in the 1st quarter 2010 since it passed regulatory clearance.
On March 4, 2010, Dow Jones Indexes signed a memorandum with The Global Fund to Fight AIDs, Tuberculosis and Malaria to explore the creation of a family of indexes that could be licensed as the basis for investment products. The first is expected to be called the Dow Jones Global Fund 50 Index, which would most likely focus on Blue Chip stocks.
Both The Global Fund and Dow Jones Indexes hoped to benefit from this collaboration. The Global Fund wants to further strengthen its engagement with the private sector and bring to bear the power of financial markets to help its efforts around the world. The Global Fund is a leading multilateral financing organization in global health with commitments with more than US$19 billion to date. Dow Jones Indexes intended to add to its range of socially conscious indexes that will complement its increasingly diverse range of products.
In December 2010, the Dow Jones Global Fund 50 Index was launched, based on 50 large companies that support The Global Fund's activities. It was licensed to db X-trackers, the leading ETF platform of Deutsche Bank, to serve as a basis for a financial product, the db x-trackers Global Fund Supporters ETF. The ETF begins trading today on the Frankfurt stock exchange.
On March 18, 2010, CME Group and Dow Jones Indexes officially launched the new joint venture (JV). CME Group has 90% ownership.
The new JV continued to create new products, such as the Dow Jones Contrarian Opportunities Index, which went live on April 8, 2010. It is a rules-based index that has a “contrarian” investment strategy focusing on companies with strong recent fundamentals but a lagging three-year-trailing return. The index has been licensed to Javelin Investment Management to underlie an exchange-traded fund (ETF) on the NYSE Euronext. It is the only index family that tracks the contrarian investing strategy.
On March 24, 2010, the Dow Jones UAE 25 Index, which measures the performance of the 25 of the largest and most liquid equity securities trading in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), came into being. It was licensed to National Bank of Abu Dhabi (NBAD) and underlies the first exchange-traded fund (ETF) in the UAE. The NBAD OneShare Dow Jones UAE 25 ETF was to be listed at the Abu Dhabi Stock Exchange as well.
Jamie Farmer was named Executive Director of DJI on April 18, 2010. He had been Senior Director of Global Index Operations and Head of Exchange Relationships.
The Dow Jones RBP Index added four new indexes on May 3, 2010. These indexes track "required business performance" of companies. It has three directional strategy indexes and one fundamentally weighted U.S. market index (Dow Jones RBP U.S. Large-Cap Aggressive Index, the Dow Jones RBP U.S. Large-Cap Defensive Index, and the Dow Jones RBP U.S. Large-Cap Market Index). They were created with Transparent Value, LLC, which is a Guggenheim Partners company. There is a video explaining the way that the methodology and the indexes work (http://www.djindexes.com/media/?playlist=videos Dow Jones RBP Index video).
In August 2011, a Shari'ah-compliant index was added to the RBP suite.
June 8, 2010 - DJI (now part of CME Group)launches Dow Jones CME FX$INDEX. It serves as the basis of a new futures contract (CME Group is the world leader in derivatives, including futures). The new index combines six currency futures and represents the relative value of the U.S. dollar versus six major currencies (the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, Japanese yen, and Swiss franc).
The Dow Jones Long-Term Inflation Indexes were launched in July 2010. They measure Treasurys and TIPS to gauge the market's expectations on inflation. The indexes measure the difference between futures on 30 year TIPS and Ultra-Long bonds. They were chosen for their length, transparency and liquidity, according to the company's press release. They were developed in cooperation with Credit Suisse.
The company has a long history in sustainability indexing for socially conscious investors. That continued with the launch of the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe on September 9, 2010. They were made to complement the global Dow Jones Sustainability index series. They include broad benchmark as well as blue chip indexes for Europe and the Euro zone. They were made together with longtime collaborator Sustainable Asset Management. The top five components of the index are Nestle S.A., HSBC Holdings PLC (UK Reg), Novartis AG, Total S.A. and Banco Santander S.A.
On September 14, 2010, the company came out with the Dow Jones Emerging Markets Consumer Titans 30 Index, which measures the performance of 30 leading consumer goods and consumer service companies in emerging markets. This is important as consumer spending is considered a leading indicator in markets and the broader economy. The index was licensed to Emerging Global Advisors, LLC and will serve as a basis for an exchange-traded fund (ETF), to be listed on NYSE Arca. It is called the EGShares Emerging Markets Consumer ETF - the first emerging market ETF focused on consumer trends in the developing world.
On October 7, 2010, Dow Jones Indexes the Dow Jones MENA (Middle East/North Africa) Broad Stock Market and Dow Jones Saudi Titans 30 Indexes.
The Dow Jones U.S. Venture Capital Index is launched with partner firm Sand Hill Econometrics. It is the first index that tracks the venture capital market, not just publicly traded stocks that started as venture capital-funded start-ups. It follows companies with VC funding, including shut-downs and buyouts. It came out on October 28, 2010.
November 17, 2010, Dow Jones Indexes announces the Dow Jones Golden Crossover U.S. Large-Cap Total Stock Market Index, the first index within the Dow Jones Golden Crossover Indexes family.
November 30 of that year - SAM and Dow Jones Indexes launch the Dow Jones Sustainability Nordic Index (DJSI Nordic).
On December 20, 2010, DJI announced a new country classification system that will apply to all countries covered in its major index families. The implementation of the new system was set to begin in March 2011. Countries would be separated into "Developed," "Emerging," and "Frontier" markets. http://press.djindexes.com/index.php/dow-jones-indexes-to-introduce-a-new-country-classification-system/
January 19, 2011 - Licensed Dow Jones U.S. Mid-Cap Total Stock Market Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Select REIT Index to Charles Schwab in an expansion of Schwab’s proprietary exchange-traded funds (ETFs) platform. Schwab U.S. REIT ETF™ (SCHH) and the Schwab U.S. Mid-Cap ETF™ (SCHM), both of which began trading in January 2011, on NYSE Arca.
February 22, 2011 - They launched the Dow Jones Islamic Market Global Finance & Takaful Index, which measures the performance of financial services stocks that pass rules-based screens for Shari’ah compliance. (Insurance stocks that pass such screens are known as Takaful.)
February 28, 2011- iShares (a long-time licensor of Dow Jones Indexes products) created two equity sustainability-based ETFs based on Dow Jones Sustainability World Enlarged ex All/AE Index and the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe ex All/AE Index.
March 1, 2011 - Company launched Dow Jones Brookfield Emerging Markets Infrastructure Index with partner Brookfield Asset Management. It tracks builders and owners/operators of property, power and infrastructure assets in developing nations.
To celebrate the 115th anniversary of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Editor and Executive Director John Prestbo led a panel discussion for a media audience at NYSSA. The event took place May 11, 2011. http://www.djindexes.com/media/?playlist=press-events 
The City of New York also declared the day to be "Dow Jones Industrial Average Day."
On May 4 of that year, the company worked with forex trading company FXCM to design the Dow Jones FXCM Dollar Index. It weighs the US dollar against a basket of the four currencies against which it trades the most: the euro, the British pound, the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar.
June 2011- DJI launches Dow Jones Europe Titans 80 and Dow Jones Eurozone Titans 80 Indexes. They have blue chip companies from Western Europe. The latter includes only Eurozone countries while the former includes UK, Switzerland and other non-Eurozone countries. In September, they launched volatility risk-control versions of these indexes as well as the Dow Jones BRIC 50 Volatility Risk Control Indexes.
July 27, 2011 - The Dow Jones Global Shipping Index is launched. It tracks 25 top dividend-paying companies in global shipping.
On August 8, 2011, the company worked with UBS to Dow Jones-UBS Roll Select Commodity Index. It seeks to mitigate effects of contango and backwardation in commodities indexing and investing.
On September 7, 2011, FFCM LLC’s QuantShares family of seven exchange-traded funds (ETFs) licensed all seven indexes from the Dow Jones U.S. Thematic Market Neutral Indexes series.
Later that month, Dow Jones Indexes and BBVA jointly launched the Dow Jones BBVA EAGLEs Indexes series, which initially includes two market gauges each designed to measure the stock performance of 50 leading companies in emerging and growth-leading economies (EAGLEs). The first set of EAGLEs included China, Indonesia, India, South Korea, Mexico, Taiwan, Brazil, Russia, Turkey and Egypt.
The company announced two global versions of The Dow on October 18, 2011: The Europe Dow and The Asia Dow. Each will be made up of 30 well-known, sought after and admired companies in each region. The Europe index only includes Western European countries and the Asia index includes Japan alongside China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and others.
Awards.
-Sh. Mohammed Rashid Bin Makhtoum Award for Innovation in Islamic Finance (2003)
-CERT Award for Excellence in Islamic Finance (2004)
-Deloitte/KLIFF (Kuala Lumpur Islamic Finance Forum) Award for Special Contribution to Islamic Finance (2005)
-Failaka Islamic Fund Award for Best Contribution & Development to Islamic Funds (2005)
-Contribution to Islamic Capital Market Development (IIFF, 2006)
-Sh. Mohammed Rashid Bin Makhtoum Award for Contribution by Western Institution to Islamic Finance (2006)
-American Muslim Achievement Award (Islamic Center of Southern California, 2006)
-Best Individual Contribution to Islamic Finance (KLIFF, 2007)
-April 2006 - Dow Jones Indexes won Failaka Islamic Fund Awards 2005 for the Best Contribution to Growth & Development of Islamic Funds.
-November 2006 - Dow Jones Indexes was named "Index Provider of the Year, Asia" by the U.K.-based magazine Structured Products and based on the votes of an independent judging panel. The award recognizes Dow Jones Indexes' work in the index field.
-December 2007 - Dow Jones Indexes won the "Best Islamic Index Provider" category of the inaugural Master of Islamic Finance Awards by Terrapin Ltd. The award recognized the wide market acceptance of the Dow Jones Islamic Market Index series and Dow Jones Indexes’ leadership and commitment to providing benchmarks for Shari’ah-compliant stocks and bonds.
-June 2008 - Dow Jones Indexes was named the "Most Innovative ETF Index Provider of 2007" for the Americas at the 4th annual Global ETF Awards hosted by Exchangetradedfunds.com. Dow Jones Indexes won on the basis of unique index offerings such as the Dow Jones Islamic Market Indexes and Dow Jones – AIG Commodity Indexes.
-June 2008 - Dow Jones Indexes won two awards for its Dow Jones Islamic Market Index Family. Global Finance magazine named the global index provider "Best Shari'ah – Compliant Index Provider". The award will be conferred during an awards ceremony on October 13, 2008, at the National Press Center in Washington. Furthermore, Dow Jones Indexes received the "Global Recognition for a Financial Institution Award". The award was presented at the International Islamic Finance Forum in Dubai.
-December 2008 - Named "Most Outstanding Islamic Index Provider of the Year" at the 5th KLIFF Islamic Finance Awards 2008 held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
-January 2009 - Named the "Best Islamic Index Provider" by Islamic Finance News. The selection was made by a record 1,502 Islamic finance professionals worldwide.
-April 2009 - Named "Best Shari'ah-Compliant Index Provider" by Global Finance magazine for the second consecutive year.
-June 2009 - Dow Jones Indexes was named Most Innovative ETF Index Provider 2009 for the Americas by exchangetradedfunds.com (web site of the Chicago Board Options Exchange). [www.exchangetradedfunds.com]
-December 2009- Named "Best Index Provider Shari'ah compliant Indexes" by Dubai-based Islamic Business & Finance magazine.
-January 2010- Named “Best Islamic Index Provider” in the Islamic Finance News (IFN) award poll for the third consecutive year.
-January 2010 - Asia Asset Management Awards 2009 names DJI winner of Index Provider of the Year in Asia.
-January 2010 - Wins "Index Provider of the Year in Asia" by Asian Asset Management magazine.
-May 2010 - Named "Best Shari'ah-Compliant Index Provider" by Global Finance magazine for the third consecutive year.
-August 2010 - Winner of KLIFF "Most Outstanding Islamic Index Provider" award
-September 2010- Named "Best Index Provider" by Asset Triple A Investment Awards (called "Asia’s defining recognition for excellence for the leading investment and financial institutions in the industry"). 
-November 1, 2010 - Dow Jones Indexes Named Best Islamic Index Provider In Islamic Finance News (IFN) Award Poll.
-December 2010 - Named "Best Index Provider, Shari’ah-Compliant Indexes," by Islamic Business & Finance for 2010.
-January 21, 2011- Wins "Best Islamic Index Provider" at 5th annual Islamic Business and Finance Awards.
-January 31, 2011 - Wins “Islamic Index Provider of the Year in Asia” at the Asia Asset Management Awards.
-April 2011- Winner of "Best Shari'ah-Compliant Index Provider" (Global Finance, 2011).
-December 15, 2011 – 2011’s “Best Islamic Index Provider” by Islamic Finance News (IFN) (the fifth consecutive year).
-Jan 2012 - “Best Islamic Index Provider of the Year in Malaysia” by Asia Asset Management.
- April 2012- Named the “Most Innovative ETF Index Provider” for the Americas region at the 8th Annual Global ETF Awards® (recognizes outstanding achievements by ETF industry participants).
Research information.
The company puts out a quarterly news magazine called Insights <http://dowjonesindexesinsights.com/>. The company has topical Market Commentary videos <http://www.djindexes.com/media/?playlist=market-commentary>, video interviews <http://www.djindexes.com/media/?playlist=video-interviews> and press events <http://www.djindexes.com/media/?playlist=press-events> for researchers, academics and market makers to use.

</doc>
<doc id="19714529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714529" title="Kajang Bypass">
Kajang Bypass

Kajang Bypass, Federal route is a major highway bypass in Kajang, Selangor, Malaysia.
Route background.
The bypass's northern end is located after the Cheras-Kajang Expressway while its southern end is at 'Kilometre Zero' of the Kajang-Seremban Highway
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route --- was built under the JKR U5/R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limits between 60 to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19714534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714534" title="Technetium (99mTc) votumumab">
Technetium (99mTc) votumumab

Technetium (99mTc) votumumab (trade name HumaSPECT) is a human monoclonal antibody labelled with the radionuclide technetium-99m. It was developed for the detection of colorectal tumors, but has never been marketed.
The target of votumumab is CTAA16.88, a complex of cytokeratin polypeptides in the molecular weight range of 35 to 43 kDa, which is expressed in colorectal tumors.

</doc>
<doc id="19714547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714547" title="Ilie Oană Stadium">
Ilie Oană Stadium

The Stadionul Ilie Oană is is an all-seater football stadium in Ploiești, Romania. It is the current home ground of Petrolul Ploiești. It was inaugurated on September 2011 and has a current capacity of 15,500 spectators.
The construction is built on the site of the former Ilie Oană Stadium, which was completed in 1937. 
The stadium can host UEFA Europa League semifinals and UEFA Champions League group matches. It is classified as UEFA Category 4 stadium.
The stadium is named after Ilie Oană, a famous player and coach. It is nicknamed "OZN Arena" (English: ), due to its shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19714570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714570" title="Sterling College (Kansas)">
Sterling College (Kansas)

Sterling College is a private, Christian, four-year liberal arts college located in Sterling, Kansas with a mission "to develop creative and thoughtful leaders who understand a maturing Christian faith." The school is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and The Higher Learning Commission.
History.
The college was founded in 1887 by the Synod of Kansas of the United Presbyterian Church of North America as Cooper Memorial College. It changed its name to Sterling in 1920. When the Presbyterian Church (USA) came into existence in 1958, the newly formed Presbyterian Synod of Kansas considered combining Sterling and the College of Emporia. Sterling almost declared bankruptcy in 1982, but was saved by a campaign that raised $3.8 Million. Sterling College is a member of the Association of Presbyterian Colleges and Universities.
Sterling College launched e.Sterling, its online programs in 2007 in hopes of bringing its message to a larger audience. Students can now complete portions of their bachelor's degree online. Sterling College's online program is now called Sterling College Online and can be found at online.sterling.edu
Campus.
The 1887 Cooper Hall building is a centerpiece of the campus. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974 (NRHP# 74000845). Cooper Hall underwent a large renovation and after being closed, was reopened in 2003.
Organization.
The College is governed by a self-perpetuating Board of Trustees. Sterling abandoned the tenure system in the 1980s. Faculty are currently employed under a one-year contract/review system and can be released from their contract at any time during their duties.
Athletics.
Sterling College teams are known as the Warriors. The college is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference (KCAC). Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, football, golf, soccer and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, track & field and volleyball.
The "Warriors" nickname is mostly often depicted as armed Scottish Highlanders. (Sterling College officially adopted the Scottish heritage as a tribute to its Presbyterian roots in 1984. The College has adopted a tartan and incorporates the playing of bagpipes at significant ceremonies including commencement and convocation.) The College has adopted three official school colors: crimson, navy, and silver gray.
The women's basketball team has consistently dominated the conference for the past two decades winning 12 KCAC championships under coach Lonnie Kruse (699-226 in 32+ seasons at Sterling). Kruse and his Warriors made their 16th appearance at the NAIA II National Tournament March 7–13, 2012 in Sioux City, Iowa at the Tyson Events Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19714574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714574" title="Sterling College">
Sterling College

Sterling College may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19714599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714599" title="James Dunlap">
James Dunlap

James Dunlap was the second president of Jefferson College from 1803 to 1811. Dunlap was born in Chester County, Pennsylvania, in 1744. He was graduate of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) and was reputed to have excelled as a teacher of languages. During his presidency, in 1807 Jefferson College was approached by the Washington College Board to appoint committees for the purpose of devising a plan for the union of the two institutions. This attempt failed over disagreement over selecting a site for the united institution. Dunlap resigned his presidency on April 25, 1811. He died in Abingdon, Pennsylvania, on November 22, 1818.

</doc>
<doc id="19714612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714612" title="Any Old Port in a Storm">
Any Old Port in a Storm

"Any Old Port in a Storm" is a popular song composed by Kerry Mills with lyrics by Arthur J. Lamb. Published in 1908, it has been recorded many times. The lyrics as published:

</doc>
<doc id="19714613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714613" title="Ravenstruther">
Ravenstruther

Ravenstruther () is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, near the town of Lanark. In 1517 the lands of Carstairs and Ravenstruther were granted to William Sommerville. Ravenstruther was then known as Ronstruther. The village is home to a caravan and camping park.

</doc>
<doc id="19714615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714615" title="Devaraagam">
Devaraagam

Devaraagam is a 1996 Indian Malayalam-language film starring Arvind Swamy, Sridevi, KPAC Lalitha, Kozhikode Narayanan Nair,Zeenath and Nedumudi Venu.
__TOC__
Plot.
Devaragam is a romantic movie which have a positive ending with a lot of twists.

</doc>
<doc id="19714620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714620" title="Marquis of Valença">
Marquis of Valença

Marquis of Valença (in Portuguese "Marquês de Valença") was a Portuguese title of nobility granted by royal decree of King Afonso V of Portugal, dated from October 11, 1451, to "Dom" Afonso of Braganza (1400–1460), who already was 4th Count of Ourém.
This title was only renovated later in the 17th Century: when the 7th Count of Vimioso (belonging to the 1st Marquis’ lineage) died, King Pedro II of Portugal, through a special decree, issued on December 13, 1681, legitimated the count’s natural and only son, Francisco de Paula de Portugal e Castro (Francis III), as 8th Count, and also granted him the title of 2nd Marquis of Valença.

</doc>
<doc id="19714625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714625" title="Goreljek">
Goreljek

Goreljek is a high-elevation settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It has no permanent population, but there are a large number of holiday homes in Goreljek and its immediate area. The local chapel is dedicated to Saint Anthony the Hermit and was rebuilt in a modern alpine style in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19714657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714657" title="Draughts at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games">
Draughts at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games

Draughts at the 1st World Mind Sports Games
Checkers (Mixed).
Checkers was played in a Swiss format with no play-offs.

</doc>
<doc id="19714663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714663" title="National Highway 2A (India)">
National Highway 2A (India)

National Highway 2A is a short National Highway in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh of India that connects Sikandra near Kanpur to Bhognipur.

</doc>
<doc id="19714678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714678" title="Ministry of Trade (Iraq)">
Ministry of Trade (Iraq)

The Ministry of Trade of Iraq is a conglomeration of state-owned enterprises and operates a nearly $6bn annual budget that provides a monthly public food distribution programme for Iraqis. It also manages the import of grain, seeds and construction materials.
While Iraq is potentially a rich country with huge oil deposits, decades of wars and sanctions have led to the collapse of infrastructure and social services, – which has resulted in many people being left without sufficient food or nutrition. A 2008 survey estimated that 930,000 Iraqis were food insecure, with a further 6.4 million vulnerable to food security without the Public Distribution System (PDS).
History.
Iraq's food rationing system was established in 1995 as part of the United Nations Oil-for-Food Programme following Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1990. Under the Public Distribution System (PDS) every Iraqi, irrespective of income level, is entitled to a monthly food ration for a nominal fee. Most of the Ministry's 3000 trucks and 400 warehouses are dedicated to the PDS. However, the programme has been plagued by mismanagement and corruption since the 2003 US-led invasion. With annual costs running at more than US$4 billion, the Iraqi government is looking at ways to reform the system to target only the most vulnerable people in need of such assistance.
Anti-corruption officials and the Iraqi army went to the ministry's offices in central Baghdad on April 29, 2009 to detain nine people on corruption charges. Their attempted roundup triggered a 15-minute gunfight between the military and the minister's security team. Only the minister's spokesman, Mohammed Hanoun was detained. Two of Sudani's brothers, one who worked for the ministry and one who headed the Iraqi Grain Board, were arrested the following day.
In May 2009 Iraqi Trade Minister Abdel Falah al-Sudani resigned and was later arrested amid allegations of corruption and embezzlement linked to the nation's food assistance programme. Sudani, a member of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's Shiite Dawa faction, had been questioned by parliament over claims relating to imports for Iraq's food rationing programme. The minister was accused of importing expired commodities—sugar—and procuring illegal contracts as well as failing to fight corruption in his ministry.
In December 2009 the United Nations World Food Programme and Iraqi Ministry of Trade signed a 'Memorandum of Understanding' under which the two parties agreed to work together to improve the supply chain management of the Public Distribution System (PDS) which provides a monthly food ration to millions of Iraqis. The agreement was signed in Baghdad by Edward Kallon and the Iraqi Minister of Trade, Dr Safa Al-Deen Alsafi.
Mission Statement.
The official stated purpose of the Iraqi Ministry of Trade is to facilitate and promote trade and commerce in Iraq. It aims to encourage private sector development by removing regulations blocking trade and investment, eliminating import licensing rules, and embarking on wide-ranging projects to promote a new trading environment in Iraq: an anti-corruption drive, a consumer welfare and protection unit, a “Baghdad International Fair" site and the leasing of Iraqi shopping centers to private developers.
Associated Companies.
The Iraqi Ministry of Trade has number of associated State Companies: Iraqi Fairs, Food Stuff Trading, Constructions Stuff Trading, Grains Production, Grains Trading, Central Markets and Vehicles and Machines Trading. In addition, there are also a number of 'directorates' for Private Sector Development, Planning and Purveying, Administrative and Financial Affairs, Economic and Foreign Affairs and the Registration of Companies Department.

</doc>
<doc id="19714702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714702" title="Jorōgumo">
Jorōgumo

Jorōgumo (Japanese Kanji: , Hiragana: ) is a type of "Yōkai", a creature, ghost or goblin of Japanese folklore. According to some stories, a "Jorōgumo" is a spider that can change its appearance into that of a seductive woman.
In Japanese Kanji, "Jorōgumo" is written as "" (literally meaning "binding bride") or "" (literally meaning "whore spider"). "Jorōgumo" can also refer to some species of spiders, but in casual use it can refer to the "Nephila" and "Argiope" spiders. Japanese-speaking entomologists use the katakana form of "Jorōgumo" () to refer, exclusively, to the spider species "Nephila clavata".
Stories.
The Edo period legend has it that a beautiful woman would entice a man into a quiet shack and begin to play a "Biwa", a type of Japanese lute. While the victim would be distracted by the sound of the instrument, she binds her victim in spider silk threads in order to devour the unsuspecting person as her next meal.
Magical spider.
According to legend, when a spider turns 400 years old, it gains magical powers. Stories of "Jorōgumo" can be found in Edo period works, such as ""Taihei-Hyakumonogatari"" () and ""Tonoigusa"" (). In many of these stories, "Jorōgumo" changes its appearance into a beautiful woman to ask a samurai to marry her, or takes the form of a young woman carrying a baby (which may turn out to be a spider's eggsack).
Drawings, such as the one in Toriyama Sekien's book "Gazu Hyakki Yakō", depicts "Jorōgumo" as a half-woman/half-spider surrounded by her spider children.
Waterfall spiderwebs.
A "Jorōgumo" is also known as the mistress of the Jōren Falls () in Izu, Shizuoka. The legend has it that a man was resting at the foot of the waterfall when his feet were bound with a vast number of spider threads. To free himself, he cut the threads and tied them to a stump of a tree, which was pulled from the ground and drawn into the waters.
After this incident at the Jōren waterfall, the villagers became afraid and stopped going to the waterfall. However, one day, a woodsman logger from out of town, unaware of the story of the Jōren Jorōgumo, began cutting wood in the area. After he accidentally dropped his axe into the water, he dove into the pool to find it; then a beautiful woman appeared and returned the axe, telling him never to tell anyone about her. While the logger kept the promise, he began to feel anxious about the incident. One day while he was drunk, he told his secret and finally felt at ease. He then fell into a deep sleep never to awaken again. 
In a variation of the story of the Jōren waterfall, the logger falls in love with the woman Jorōgumo and starts visiting the falls every day to see her. But as time passes, he starts growing weaker and weaker. A monk from a neighboring temple believes the logger has been trapped by the spider, so he and the logger go to the waterfall together, and the monk reads a Buddhist Sūtra there. While the monk reads the sutra, spider threads appear from the pool and attempt to wrap themselves around the logger, but the monk shouts his Buddhist chant and they disappear. Though the logger soon realizes that the woman was a spider, he cannot forget his love for her. He then asks for help from a "Tengu", master of the "Yōkai" of the mountain, but the Tengu forbids this love. The logger was unwilling to give up his love for the Jorōgumo. While running back to the waterfall he is caught by the silk threads and finally falls into the water, never to surface again.
Protection from drowning.
There are many stories throughout Japan of a tree stump being pulled into the water in place of the lumberjack from the previous tale. One such example is that of Kashikobuchi (), Sendai. Here, just after the stump is pulled into the pool, the lumberjack hears a voice saying, "How clever, how clever" ( / "Kashikoi, Kashikoi"). For this event, the area came to be called Kashikobuchi, which literally means "clever abyss". In Kashikobuchi, the "Jorōgumo" is worshiped as a goddess who protects people from drowning, and a monument and a small Torii still stand at the location.

</doc>
<doc id="19714705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714705" title="1891 in India">
1891 in India

Events in the year 1891 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19714717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714717" title="Timur Dzhabrailov">
Timur Dzhabrailov

Timur Mamedovich Dzhabrailov () (born August 5, 1973) is a retired Chechen Russian footballer who played for FC Terek Grozny and was its captain in 2001–2010. After retirement, he was appointed club's sporting director.

</doc>
<doc id="19714731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714731" title="William McMillan (college president)">
William McMillan (college president)

William McMillan was elected the fourth president of Jefferson College on September 24, 1817.
McMillan was educated at Jefferson College, the institution founded by his uncle, the Rev. John McMillan, graduating with the Jefferson class of 1802, the first class to graduate from the newly chartered college. He was one of the founders of the Philo Literary Society at Jefferson College.
He was licensed to preach by the Presbytery of Ohio on June 27, 1804 and was ordained June 26, 1806.
McMillan resigned the presidency of Jefferson on August 14, 1822, after the Board of Trustees dropped charges the faculty had brought against several students for slandering his teaching and administrative abilities. He went on to be president of Franklin College, in Ohio. He died in New Athens, Ohio on April 11, 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="19714735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714735" title="École Samuel-de-Champlain">
École Samuel-de-Champlain

The Centre scolaire Samuel-de-Champlain is the only Francophone school in Saint John, New Brunswick.
History.
It is a K to 12 school. The school is named after French explorer Samuel de Champlain who named the Saint John River.

</doc>
<doc id="19714748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714748" title="Stadionul Delta">
Stadionul Delta

Delta Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Tulcea, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Delta Tulcea. The stadium holds 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19714780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714780" title="M. J. Sullivan">
M. J. Sullivan

M. J. Sullivan (born March 1, 1960) is an author and sports writer living in New York. 
Biography.
Sullivan graduated from St. John's University in 1983 and moved into sports journalism, hosting sports radio shows on WGBB on Long Island, NY, and WEVD 1050AM in New York City, as well as work with ESPN, Sporting News and Fox-owned Scout.com.
Sullivan has written a number of children sports books published by Enslow Publishers, including biographies on Shaquille O'Neal, Chris Mullin, Darryl Strawberry, Barry Bonds, and Mark Messier. He also published a book of trivia, "So You Think You're A New Yorker". 
In fall 2008, Sullivan's first novel, "Necessary Heartbreak", from his "When Time Forgets" series, was published. Centered on a single dad in modern-day New York struggling to raise his feisty 13 year-old daughter, the story explores the concepts of faith and redemption. When the main characters discover a portal leading back in time to first-century Jerusalem during the tumultuous last week of Christ’s life, they must encounter their present fears, such as a menacing soldier determined to prey upon the teenage girl, as well as their complicated and broken pasts.

</doc>
<doc id="19714784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714784" title="Sleddale Hall">
Sleddale Hall

Sleddale Hall is a historic farmhouse on the north side of the Wet Sleddale valley near Shap in Cumbria, England. It is famous for featuring as "Crow Crag", Uncle Monty's Lake District country cottage in the cult film "Withnail and I".
House and farm.
Not much is known of the early history of Sleddale Hall. In the medieval period large parts of Wet Sleddale were owned by Shap Abbey, and impressive cultivation terraces belonging to the Abbey's grange in the valley lie immediately to the north-east of Sleddale Hall. These terraces are especially clear on Google Earth. It is believed that Sleddale Hall was the home of William Rawes, Yeoman of Sleddale sometime between 1740 and 1758. 
An 1802 description of Sleddale Hall and its surrounding farmland reads "Sleddale Hall is situated a few miles south westwards from Shap in a narrow valley among the mountains. We could find nothing to give us any information as to the quality of land in this farm. There is a considerable extent enclosed on each side of the vale which is at present singularly divided into different fields. This we calculated to be about , consisting partly of woodland, partly of poorish meadow ground, and partly of pasture, all of which, or nearly all, lies in rapid declivities. Besides the above inclosed ground, there may be about of barren mountains, forming altogether a tolerably good sheep farm. The meadow ground is mostly capable of improvement by draining, & that at a reasonable expense. This farm, every thing considered we suppose may be worth a rent of £150. But as observed before, our means of calculating the value were very defective." 
In 1829 Sleddale Hall was recorded as: "Sleddale Hall, now a farm-house belonging to C. Wilson, Esq., was long the seat of the ancient family of Sleddale, one of whom was the first Mayor of Kendal, and possessed Gillthwaite-Rigg, and some other estates."
The Wet Sleddale Reservoir was built below the Hall some time in the 1960s to provide water for Manchester, flooding a small part of the dale.
By the time of the filming of "Withnail and I" in 1986, Sleddale Hall was derelict and in a state of considerable disrepair.
Filming of "Withnail and I".
Sleddale Hall stood in as "Crow Crag", the Lake District cottage owned by Uncle Monty in the film "Withnail and I". The scenes at Sleddale Hall were filmed in August 1986. Actor Richard E. Grant, who played Withnail, recorded his first impressions of the farmhouse in his published diary:
Filming took place both in the downstairs rooms of the house and in the exterior areas, including the small courtyard. The interior shots of the bedrooms and staircase were not filmed at Sleddale Hall, but at Stockers Farm, Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire.
Sleddale Hall in recent years.
Sleddale Hall was owned by United Utilities, formerly North West Water. Following its appearance in "Withnail and I", North West Water had planned to renovate the Hall and convert it into a holiday cottage and workshop. However, planning permission was refused on the grounds that it would alter the character of the valley. In 1998 the Hall was placed on the market, but did not sell.
In 2004 a "Daily Mail" reporter wrote that the house was in danger of demolition and United Utilities was, according to local people, 'open to offers', but wanted planning permission granted by the Lake District National Park Authority in order to gain maximum profit from the building. A United Utilities spokesperson commented: "We continue to explore all options open to us for the future of Sleddale Hall". Locals also stated that United Utilities did not want to sell Sleddale Hall to Withnail fans, due to worries that thousands of visitors would spoil the beauty spot. In 2006 the Hall was re-roofed.
Sleddale Hall is tenanted by a farmer, Mike Harrison, whose suckler herd which produces Blonde d'Aquitaine crossbred calves won the 2008 British Blonde Society’s biannual "UK Commercial Herd of the Year Award". A judge said that the award was notable "considering the type of hard farm he is rearing them on": at Sleddale Hall the cows graze at between to above sea level, on rough grazing. The house itself was still dilapidated and uninhabited as of September 2008. 
In January 2009 it was announced that Sleddale Hall had been put up for auction by United Utilities. The auction took place on 16 February 2009, with a guide price of over £145,000. A trust named 'The Crow Crag Collective' was set up on 22 January to try to buy the house at auction and preserve it for the fans of "Withnail and I". The house originally sold at auction on 16 February 2009 for £265,000. The prospective purchaser was Sebastian Hindley, owner of the Mardale Inn in Bampton, a nearby village which also featured in the film. Hindley spoke of his purchase: "It's part of our heritage ... I'm very passionate about this area. I would like to transform it back to how it was in the film. It could be a working museum, with self-catering accommodation and maybe a tea room." The house does not currently have planning permission.
However, in May 2009 the sale of Sleddale Hall fell through and Sebastian Hindley is reported to have said that funding problems meant he had missed his deadline. United Utilities "considered its options", and when finances from the original buyer Hindley did not materialise, he was given more time by United Utilities but could not raise the cash.
United Utilities then sold Sleddale Hall to Tim Ellis, an architect from Canterbury in Kent, whose bid at the auction had originally failed. He plans to convert Sleddale Hall into a private home, retaining a "Withnail atmosphere". Ellis specialises in the restoration of historic buildings and said "I am delighted to have had a second chance to buy this beautiful building. I first saw the film about seven years ago and have been a fan ever since. I would like to restore the building in a way that other fans of the film could approve of."
A Certificate of Lawful Use was granted by the Lake District National Park Authority in March 2011. The Certificate confirms the residential status of Sleddale Hall in Planning Law. Building works to restore Sleddale Hall commenced in August 2011 and are due to be completed around August 2012
Sleddale Hall is private property with no public right of way, but since the film came out has frequently been visited by fans of the film. An article in "The Guardian" in 2003 commented on the amount of rubbish (specifically beer cans) left behind at the Hall by the fans. Access to the interior of the house can be arranged by contacting the owner, whose email address can be found on a notice at Sleddale Hall or the Withnail & I Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="19714789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714789" title="Anatoli Romanovich">
Anatoli Romanovich

Anatoli Vladimirovich Romanovich () (born September 9, 1979 in Salihorsk) is a Russian footballer. He plays for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.

</doc>
<doc id="19714795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714795" title="Stadionul Marin Anastasovici">
Stadionul Marin Anastasovici

Marin Anastasovici Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Giurgiu, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Astra Giurgiu. The stadium holds 5,500 people all on seats.
The two missing stands are covered by a nice supporters poster, there are plans to add new stands and remodel the official stand, that would increase the total capacity to somewhat 10,000, perfect for European games(at this point Astra has to play it's Euroleague games on National Arena Bucurest or Ilie Oana Arena Ploiesti).
The stadium was renovated in 2012 in time for Astra's move to Giurgiu from Ploiesti, the second stand was built in 2013 and a planned stand in the back of the northern goal-post will be built in 2014 with a planned capacity of 2,500.
The first international game was played by the Romania national under-21 football team on 19 November 2013 in a match against Germany which ended 2-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19714807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714807" title="1932 Australian Grand Prix">
1932 Australian Grand Prix

The 1932 Australian Grand Prix was a motor race held at Phillip Island on 14 March 1932. The race had 25 entrants and 17 starters.
It was the fifth Australian Grand Prix and the fifth held at Phillip Island. The race was a handicap race and the first to be run without sub-classes.
Classification.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19714809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714809" title="Bhognipur">
Bhognipur

Bhognipur is a town in Kanpur Dehat district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the headquarters of the Tehsil of the same name and consists of the Amraudha and Malasa Development Blocks
Situated at the junction of National Highway 2A (India) and National Highway 25 (India), Bhognipur is closest to the cities of Kanpur and Lucknow, 65 km and 140 km respectively. Other nearby towns include Pukhrayan, Mawar, Rajpur, Gausganj and Kalpi, which is a local tourist attraction. The Pukhrayan Railway Station is the nearest railhead. 

</doc>
<doc id="19714814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714814" title="Gorjuše">
Gorjuše

Gorjuše is a high-elevation settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It is actually made up of the three disconnected hamlets of Spodnje Gorjuše, Srednje Gorjuše, and Zgornje Gorjuše (literally, 'lower, middle, and upper Gorjuše').

</doc>
<doc id="19714832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714832" title="Macholtz Stadium">
Macholtz Stadium

Macholtz Stadium is a 4,300-seat multi-purpose stadium in Anderson, Indiana. The facility is located on the campus of Anderson University and is named in honor of Dr. James Macholtz who served as coach of the Anderson University football and Track and Field programs.
The stadium is primarily used for American football and track and field. It is home to the Anderson University football and track and field teams.
The facility opened in 1977.
Major renovations.
In 2008 the university completed a renovation project with the overall cost at approximately $800,000. Improvements included an artificial turf field and outdoor all-weather lights. The field enhancements were funded through new gift resources as a part of the university's $110 million ""Dreams. Discovery. Direction"" campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="19714875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714875" title="Stadionul Forex">
Stadionul Forex

Forex Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Braşov, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Tractorul Braşov and Forex Braşov. The stadium holds 5,000 people. In the past it was called "Tractorul Stadium".

</doc>
<doc id="19714883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714883" title="Fugong County">
Fugong County

Fugong County (福贡县; pinyin: Fúgòng Xiàn) is a county located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19714888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714888" title="Beta-Naphthoflavone">
Beta-Naphthoflavone

"beta"-Naphthoflavone, also known as 5,6-benzoflavone, is a potent agonist of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor and as such is an inducer of such detoxification enzymes as cytochromes P450 (CYPs) and uridine 5'-diphospho-glucuronosyltransferases (UGTs). β-Naphthoflavone is a putative chemopreventive agent.

</doc>
<doc id="19714893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714893" title="AMM – Association for Machines and Mechanisms">
AMM – Association for Machines and Mechanisms

Association for Machines and Mechanism, India is the Indian national affiliate of the International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science, IFToMM. The main objective of AMM is to contribute to mechanical design at all levels starting from academic projects to industrial production, thus enhancing the quality and the reliability of indigenous machines. AMM organizes the National Conference on Machines and Mechanisms (NaCoMM) and the workshop on Industrial Problems on Machines and Mechanisms (IPRoMM) regularly.
Conferences and Workshops.
1. National Conference on Machines and Mechanisms (NaCoMM): NaCoMM Conferences lay emphasis on theoretical aspects and experimental studies relating to machinery. The first NaCoMM Conference, NaCoMM 81 was held at IIT Bombay in 1981. NaCoMM covers a wide range of topics including kinematics and dynamics of machines, robotics and automation, CAD, automobile engineering, rotor dynamics and tribology, vibration of machines, condition monitoring and failure analysis, man-machine systems and mechatronices, micro-mechanisms and control systems. The upcoming NaCoMM conference will be held at NIT Durgapur, India on December 17–18, 2009.
2. Industrial Problems on Machines and Mechanisms (IPRoMM): IPRoMM essentially concentrates on industrial problems and practical solutions to the design of machines in specific areas. The workshops held so far have covered textile, mechanical handling agricultural machinery and home appliances. The latest IPRoMM covers precision instruments and micro–mechanisms. The first IPRoMM, IPRoMM 86, was held in December 1986 at ATIRA in Ahmedabad.
3. AMM Workshop on Design of Mechanisms for Solving Real Life Problems: The workshop aims at giving the participant an opportunity to discuss the design issues for a host of advanced concepts in rigid and compliant mechanisms with the recognized experts in the field and explore the possibilities of collaborative work. The upcoming AMM workshop on the design on mechanisms will be held at IIT Madras, India on October 23–25, 2008.
Other Activities.
One prominent activity of AMM is the organization of the best design project contest for students. The hosts of a Conference invite students to submit papers based on their B.E/M.E/B.Tech/M.Tech. projects and present awards to the best design projects. Two such contests have been conducted so far, one in Mumbai (NaCoMM 87) and one in Nagpur (IPRoMM 89).

</doc>
<doc id="19714897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714897" title="Buena Vista (Miami)">
Buena Vista (Miami)

Buena Vista is a neighborhood in Miami, Florida, United States. It is located south of Little Haiti, north of the Miami Design District.
Buena Vista is primarily a residential neighborhood with historic single-family homes primarily from the 1920s. The Buena Vista East Historic District is located in Buena Vista, and includes some of the oldest homes in the neighborhood.
History.
In the 1890s, Buena Vista was a small village whose founding and growth paralleled Miami's. During the Land Boom of the 1920s, the area was developed as the Biltmore and Shadowlawn subdivisions. Originally home to many Florida cracker immigrants from Georgia and North Carolina, the neighborhood soon became popular with the owners of nearby businesses. The houses reflect their original owners' rising social status and include fine examples of Mediterranean Revival, Mission, Craftsman, and Art Deco architecture style residences.
Buena Vista, Lemon City, and Little River were founded before the turn of the 19th-century and represent some of the earliest settlements in Miami-Dade County. The area known as Buena Vista was once a small village adjoining, but not within the corporate limits of Miami proper. Although preceded in age by pioneer Lemon City, a town located a little further north, the small village of Buena Vista dates its birth, development, and growth along with Miami’s. The founding of Buena Vista dates back to the days when the immense rock ridge extending between the Atlantic Ocean and the Florida Everglades was covered by a dense pine forest. The earliest history of the village is recorded in a survey made by government surveyors, and the locations of ht eland tracts are to this date still founded on this early document.
The land which became Buena Vista was originally part of the homesteads of William Henry Gleason and E.L. White. Gleason, a prominent and somewhat notorious figure in early Miami-Dade County politics, arrived in Miami after the Civil War was elected Lieutenant Governor of Florida. He left the area in 1876 but retained his homestead for several years, eventually turning it over to his son. As early as 1892, E.L. White homesteaded the area from North 41st Street to 54th Street between West 2nd Avenue and East 2nd Avenue. This was the area from which the Biltmore and Shadowlawn Subdivisions, which today make up the "Buena Vista East Historic District", were carved in the early 1920s.
The arrival of the railroad in 1896 marked the end of an era for the pioneer bayfront village of Lemon City, which had enjoyed tremendous importance to the Miami area by virtue of its docks. Now the train brought much needed supplies to the rest of Dade County, and lured people away from the bayfront community to Miami and its outlying areas. The Lemon City depot, built in 1896, drew business further west away from the bay, and the small village of Buena Vista gradually developed. One of the earliest subdivisions in the Buena Vista areas was the Buena Vista Biscayne Badger Club Subdivision, which was developed in 1910 as a bayfront community with a private water plant, streets, and a park with recreation dock on the bay. However, it was inland where the village took shape. By 1910, suburban Buena Vista could boast of one hotel known as the Courley House, its very own railroad depot on the Florida East Coast Railway line, a small post office building, tropical fruit groves, a fruit-packing house, a grocery store, and one religious institution, the Holy Cross Episcopal Church.
Other prominent citizens acquired land in Buena Vista. Among them was the millionaire, Charles Deering, who purchased a large tract of bayfront land east of the railroad, in the area now known as the Upper Eastside. This land is where the "Baypoint" neighborhood is now located. Much of the area fronting the bay was naturally wooded, and here Deering created an arboretum and sanctuary for birds and animals. There were no public roadways in the area east of the railroad, and since Deering strongly opposed the opening of such streets, the area was preserved in its pristine, virgin state for many years.
As the population of Miami grew between the late 1910s through the Boom era of the early 1920s, new areas reached northward along the old Dixie Highway (N.E. 2nd Avenue) and Avenue D (N. Miami Avenue), which was extended northward from N.E. 36th Street. The northern city limit of Miami was moved to N.E. 38th Street, and this took in a part of Buena Vista. Finally, on August 4, 1924, the new town of Buena Vista was incorporated and, together with the other incorporated areas of Coconut Grove and Silver Bluff, was annexed to the City of Miami the following year.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation , making it one of the higher areas in the city. It is bounded by NW 54th Street to the north, I-195 to the south, I-95 to the west, and Biscayne Boulevard to the east.
Buena Vista East Historic District.
The Buena Vista East Historic District is located on the eastern side of Buena Vista, and is bound between NE 2nd Avenue and Miami Avenue from NE 42nd Street to NE 48th Street.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Buena Vista was 11,290 people. The zip codes for Buena Vista include 33127 and 33137. The area covers . As of 2000, there were 5,396 males and 5,894 females. The median age for males were 31.5 years old, while the median age for females were 36.9 years old. The average household size had 3.2 people, while the average family size had 3.8 members. The percentage of married-couple families (among all households) was 31.3%, while the percentage of married-couple families with children (among all households) was 14.7%, and the percentage of single-mother households (among all households) was 20.7%. The percentage of never-married males 15 years old and over was 19.4%, while the percentage of never-married females 15 years old and over was 18.5%.
As of 2000, the percentage of people that speak English not well or not at all made up 13.5% of the population. The percentage of residents born in Florida was 41.5%, the percentage of people born in another U.S. state was 16.8%, and the percentage of native residents but born outside the U.S. was 4.3%, while the percentage of foreign born residents was 37.4%.
Education.
Miami-Dade County Public Schools operates area public schools:
The Archdiocese of Miami operates:

</doc>
<doc id="19714910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714910" title="Brave Raj">
Brave Raj

Brave Raj (1984–2006) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who raced only one year but who earned 1986 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly honors and won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies.
A descendant of the great Nearco through both her sire Rajab and her dam, Bravest Yet, Brave Raj was bred in Florida and purchased by trainer Ben Perkins, Sr. for $24,000 at the Ocala Breeders' Sales Company's February sale of 2-year-olds. After racing once, Brave Raj was acquired by California oil heiress Dolly Green. She entrusted her conditioning to trainer Mel Stute.
Brave Raj's 1982 earnings set a world record for fillies in her age group. However, a knee injury ended her racing career and she was retired to broodmare duty at Patchen Wilkes Farm in Lexington, Kentucky where she produced ten winners, including two who won stakes races. She died at Patchen Wilkes Farm on January 28, 2006, one week after losing a foal.

</doc>
<doc id="19714920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714920" title="David Elliott (college president)">
David Elliott (college president)

David Elliott was the third president of Washington College from 1830 to 1831. 
Following the resignation of Andrew Wylie, Washington College was temporarily suspended in 1829 due to the difficulty in finding a candidate willing to accept the presidency, and several Trustees resigned from the Board. Elliot was appointed temporary president of Washington College on September 28, 1830. He received a Doctor of Divinity degree from Jefferson College in 1835, and Doctor of Laws degree from Washington College in 1847. From his resignation as president on November 7, 1831, until 1865, he was president of the Washington College Board of Trustees. 
Elliot died March 18, 1874, at the age of 88 years.
His grandson was academic Jonathan Livingston Lowes, a graduate of Washington & Jefferson College.

</doc>
<doc id="19714940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714940" title="Shamil Lakhiyalov">
Shamil Lakhiyalov

Shamil Gadzhialiyevich Lakhiyalov (; born October 28, 1979 in Makhachkala) is a Russian footballer of Avar ethnicity who last played for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara. 
In early 2011 he signed a contract with FC Krasnodar as a free agent, but before the league competition even started, another Russian Premier League team, FC Anzhi Makhachkala, bought his contract.

</doc>
<doc id="19714942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714942" title="LKG Tower">
LKG Tower

The LKG Tower is an office skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines, and is one of the tallest and most well-known buildings in the city. Standing at 180.1 metres (590.88 feet), the building has 38 floors above ground, and 5 basement levels for parking.
The LKG Tower is owned by International Copra Export Corporation (ICEC) Land Corporation, and was designed by the renowned architectural firm Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates, in cooperation with local firm Recio + Casas Architects. It has a distinctive shape in its upper part, and this was emphasized by the presence of its signature "ribbon" that cuts diagonally through its facade. This creates a visually dynamic profile, making it a highly visible Makati landmark.
Location.
The building is located in Makati City's Ayala Avenue, and is situated strategically inside the city's Central Business District. It is just a walk away from most of Makati's other major office and residential buildings, including G.T. International Tower, and the current tallest building in the country, the PBCom Tower, and is easily accessible by public transport along Ayala Avenue.
Amenities.
Within the office tower there are 3 dining levels, a banking hall, parking for 500 cars, an owner’s penthouse and a helipad for VIP access on the roof. Due to its dining facilities, it has become a favorite destination of office workers from the surrounding area during break times.

</doc>
<doc id="19714945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714945" title="John W. Bischoff">
John W. Bischoff

John W. Bischoff (27 November 1850, Chicago – 1909, Washington, DC) was a blind musician and composer. Blind from age two, Bischoff went on to become a noted organist, compiler of musical collections, and composer. His compilations included a significant number of his own works, and include "Gospel Bells" (1883), "God Be With You" (1880) and "Not Half Has Been Told" (1877). He was the principal organist at the first Congregational Church in Washington from 1874 till his death in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="19714956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714956" title="Stadionul Prefab">
Stadionul Prefab

Prefab Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Modelu, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Prefab 05 Modelu. The stadium holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19714960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714960" title="Deep sampling">
Deep sampling

Deep sampling is a variation of statistical sampling in which precision is sacrificed for insight. Small numbers of samples are taken, with each sample containing much information. The samples are taken approximately uniformly over the resource of interest, such as time or space. It is useful for identifying large hidden problems.
Examples:

</doc>
<doc id="19714968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714968" title="Lushui County">
Lushui County

Lushui County () is located in Nujiang Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19714991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714991" title="Stadionul Snagov">
Stadionul Snagov

Snagov Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Snagov, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Snagov. The stadium holds 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19714995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714995" title="Isington">
Isington

Isington is a hamlet in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is 1.4 miles (2.3km) southwest of the village of Bentley, and 3.9 miles (6.3km) northeast of Alton, just south of the A31 road.
The nearest railway station is Bentley, 1.1 miles (1.8km) east of the hamlet.
Isington Mill was the home of Bernard Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein.

</doc>
<doc id="19714996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19714996" title="Rigside">
Rigside

Rigside is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, about 5 miles from the town of Lanark, and less than a mile from Douglas Water. It lies on the A70 road to Ayr, and has approximately 800 inhabitants. Rigside is a former mining village. In future, a new town, Owenstown, could be built next to the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19715014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715014" title="Logan County Courthouse">
Logan County Courthouse

Logan County Courthouse or Old Logan County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715031" title="Vladislav Kulik">
Vladislav Kulik

Vladislav Mikhailovich Kulik (; born 27 February 1985 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian footballer currently playing for Rubin Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="19715062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715062" title="Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County">
Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County

Gongshan Derung and Nu Autonomous County (贡山独龙族怒族自治县; pinyin: Gòngshān dúlóngzú nùzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.
See also.
Gongshan is a small county in Northest of Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China. It has an area of 4,506 square kilometres and a population of 35,910 as 2012 census.
Contents:
1.Towns
2.Geography
3.Natural Scenery
4.Cultures
5.Transport
Towns:
Cikai town, Bingzhongluo town, Pengdang township, Puladi township, Dulongjiang township
Geography: 
Gongshan occupies the northmost part of Nujiang Prefecture, and in latitude has a range of 27°29’----28°23’N and in longitude has a range of 98°08’----98°56’E, covering an area of 4,506 square kilometers, bordering the Tibet Autonomous Region to the north and Burma to the west. The national boundary with Burma is 172.008 kilometers and the provincial boundary of Yunnan-Tibet is 135 kilometers. It is located in the central part of the Hengduan Mountains, and contains the valleys of the Salween, Mekong, and Irrawaddy.
Natural Scenery:
Gongshan is a small charming county with deep valleys and steep, overlapping and magnificent Mountains and snow peaks. The water in Dulong river is green as a flowing jadeite in the four seasons. In spring, the flowers are fascinating in the intoxicating fields and gardens in Bingzhongluo. In Gongshan, the view is more beautiful than your imagination.
Cultures:
Gongshan is a mysterious place in Yunnan, even many people in Yunnan did go there. It’s a remote and closed county for its Mighty mountains and gorges. The Biluo Snow Mountain, the Gaoligongshan Mountain and the Dandanglika Mountain make far away from the madding crowd. The author of the National Geographic Magazine--Joseph F. Rock came in this county during 1920s and early 1930s and he wrote several articles in National Geographic magazine. He described this place as the virgin land for no white man had ever came here before and it’s the paradise for explorer, photographer and botanist. 
Gongshan is the most shining pearl in the Three Parallel Rivers Region. The scenery here is like a painting, the people here as celestial being. Gongshan has rich products, numerous nationalities, colorful view and harmonious religions. China National Geography commended that every step, every gully, every mountain in Nujiang was a view.

</doc>
<doc id="19715063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715063" title="Trachelyopterus">
Trachelyopterus

Trachelyopterus is a genus of driftwood catfishes 
Species.
This genus currently contains 16 described species:

</doc>
<doc id="19715088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715088" title="Kamnje, Bohinj">
Kamnje, Bohinj

Kamnje is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19715116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715116" title="William Green (former slave)">
William Green (former slave)

William Green was a slave in the nineteenth century. He wrote a narrative of his life as a slave, and his subsequent escape from his master. His narrative was published in 1853. There is no known record of his date of birth.
Childhood.
William Green was born in Oxford Neck, Maryland. He was born three months before his mother was freed and so he was brought into the world a slave. At the death of his mother's old mistress he became the property of Mr. Nicholas Singleton. Mr. Singleton was planning on going to New Orleans and he was going to take the young William with him. William's mother did not want him to go that far south, so she managed to convince Mr. Singleton to sell William to Edward Hamilton. A man who William described in his narrative as: "...one of those quiet, peaceable kind of people, who mind their own business, and let other people's alone." William came into Mr. Hamilton's possession at the age of eight.
A new master.
When Mr. Hamilton's daughter Henrietta Hamilton married some years later, William became a part of her dowry and was given to her husband, Dr. Solomon Jenkings. William found the doctor to be a very mean-spirited man when compared to Mr. Hamilton and openly opposed him on some occasions. William was safe from any punishment the doctor may have inflicted on him however, because William was Henrietta's favorite slave and she would berate her husband for harming him. William's opposition to the doctor included ignoring his commands, sneaking out at night to watch "Husking Matches", showing up late for work, and, on one occasion, savagely beating the doctor when he cracked a whip at William. William would not be safe forever as Henrietta soon died and he no longer had the protection that he once had.
Escape.
One day the doctor ordered William to retrieve a box from the local jail and to bring it back to him in a wheelbarrow. William knew what the doctor was planning and went off on his errand. He did not go to the jail and instead went to a friend who hid him for a few days while he planned his escape. He and two other slaves decided they would make their way to Philadelphia by crossing the countryside and catching a boat along the Delaware river. From there they would catch another boat to New York and attain their freedom. The night they departed they paddled across a small river and started heading north towards a friend who could help them to the boat known only as "Aunt Sarah". When they arrived at her house she was not there and they needed to catch the boat that day or else it would be about a month before it would return. To their dismay, William and his companions missed the boat but were told that they could catch it if they ran another five miles up the river. They managed to overtake the boat and the captain hauled them on. It took two days to reach Philadelphia, and another two on a separate boat going to New York. After reaching New York they were harbored by Dr. Osgood until he could find them a place to work.
Later life.
Thirteen years later William was working a steady job and had gotten married. His narrative gives no information as to whom he married and what job he was holding down but he did state he was doing well and had been, "...blessed with four fine children." The date of his death is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19715121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715121" title="National Highway 12A (India)">
National Highway 12A (India)

National Highway 12A is a National Highway in India that connects Simga in Chhattisgarh to Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh. The total length of NH 12A is . 
Major towns on National Highway 12A from north to south are:
National Highway 12A side extension runs from Mandla to Dindori. 
The Jhansi–Jabalpur section is in length and the Jabalpur–Simga section is . Of its total length of , NH 12A traverses in Madhya Pradesh, in Chhatisgarh and in Uttar Pradesh. The first section completed was the Jabalpur–Simga section. The NH12A from Jhansi to Jabalpur used the portion of NH 34 from Tikamgarh to Jabalpur for the majority of its route.

</doc>
<doc id="19715122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715122" title="Phil Solomon (filmmaker)">
Phil Solomon (filmmaker)

Phil Solomon is an American experimental filmmaker noted for his work with both film and video. Recently, Solomon has earned acclaim for a series of films that incorporate machinima made using games from the "Grand Theft Auto" series. His films are often described as haunting and lyrical.
Solomon was an associate of the influential American experimental filmmaker Stan Brakhage, with whom he taught film at the University of Colorado in Boulder. Solomon and Brakhage collaborated on three films. In a 1992 poll for the British film magazine Sight & Sound, Brakhage picked Solomon's "Remains to Be Seen" as one of the ten greatest films of all time. The film had previously been selected as one of the top ten films of 1989 by the "Village Voice".
Solomon was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1994. In 2007, he was the recipient of the Thatcher Hoffman Smith Award from the University of Oklahoma. In 2012 Solomon received the Knight Fellowship of the USA (United States Artists) Fellows program, alongside such luminaries as novelist Annie Proulx, sculptor Alison Saar, jazz musician Jack DeJohnette, dancer and choreographer Trisha Brown, and artist Theaster Gates.
On April 10, 2010, Solomon's "American Falls" opened at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. The six-projection video/sound installation received great acclaim before closing in July 2010. In conjunction with the Corcoran exhibition, Solomon's career as a filmmaker was explored in "Rhapsodies in Silver," a three-program survey at Washington's National Gallery of Art.
A re-edited, feature-length, single-projection version of "American Falls" was featured at the New York Film Festival's "Views from the Avant Garde" on October 1, 2010. The single projection version of the film condenses the original multi-projector format into a triptych, placing three independent (yet associative) images next to one another. In Fall 2012, Solomon screened a three-channel version of "American Falls" at the Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria, New York, as part of the exhibition "Film After Film."
In the May/June 2010 Film Comment poll, The Top 50 Avant-Garde Filmmakers of the Decade, Phil Solomon placed at number 5, tied with his late colleague, Stan Brakhage.
Biography.
Originally from New York City, Solomon attended SUNY-Binghamton and received an MFA from the Massachusetts College of Art. One of Solomon's instructors was the experimental filmmaker Ken Jacobs, who started his first class with a screening of Tony Conrad's film "The Flicker". Solomon initially disliked the film, but the experience, followed by a screening of his future collaborator Stan Brakhage's "Blue Moses", had a profound impact on his development as a filmmaker. Another formative experience came in the form of a lecture by critic Fred Camper on Brakhage's "Anticipation of the Night".
Solomon began making films in 1975. Solomon has since destroyed some of his early works, many of which were made in imitation of Brakhage. 
Solomon has been teaching at the University of Colorado since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19715148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715148" title="Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County">
Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County

,
Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County (兰坪白族普米族自治县; pinyin: Lánpíng báizú pǔmǐzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.

</doc>
<doc id="19715200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715200" title="Trachelyopterichthys">
Trachelyopterichthys

Trachelyopterichthys is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
Species.
There are currently two described species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19715207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715207" title="Hearts of England">
Hearts of England

"Hearts of England" is the title of England team anthem for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. The song was performed by Jonathan Ansell and produced by Universal Music in partnership with the Rugby Football League.
Theme.
Composer Patrick Hawes and his librettist brother Andrew Hawes wrote the patriotic piece to inspire the English team and their supporters. The main idea was to encapsulate the "traditions and heartlands of rugby league in this country as well as evoking the heroism and commitment of international teams competing on the world sporting stage".
Lyrics.
By the sea’s rolling tide;
By the wide Pennine sky;
By the skill found in
Shipyard and mine;
By raw courage and love,
When our journey is tough,
The hearts of England are made.
By bonds thicker than blood
Binding evil with good,
By the strength born
Of family and home;
In the furnace of hope
On the anvil of will,
The hearts of England are made.
Stand up men of steel
And make all the world feel
The strength of your hand
And your eye.
By sweet victory gained
By faith and through pain
The hearts of England are made.
Live performances.
Ansell performed the song live at rugby league's Challenge Cup Final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday, 30 August 2008.
The song is expected to be performed live before England's World Cup matches in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19715213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715213" title="Collegiate Church of Saint Gertrude, Nivelles">
Collegiate Church of Saint Gertrude, Nivelles

The Collegiate Church of Saint Gertrude is a historical building in Nivelles, Wallonia, Belgium consecrated in 1046 by Wazo, bishop of Liège, in the presence of emperor Henry III. It is an example both of Mosan art and of Ottonian architecture. 
Claudine Ronnay-Docmans writes in the "Patrimoine majeur de Wallonie" that the interior dimensions recall: "the splendour of the Ottonian liturgy, as people is able to know it for the abbey of Essen (Germany)". 
The Westwork has been reconstructed. Its current appearance is the result of a long reconstruction finished in 1984, following severe damage through bombing in May 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19715215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715215" title="NH 97">
NH 97

NH 97 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715250" title="National Highway 97 (India)">
National Highway 97 (India)

National Highway 97 (NH 97) is a short National Highway in India entirely within the state of Uttar Pradesh. NH-97 runs for just and connects Ghazipur with Saiyedraja (which is east of Chandauli). Zamania is a major settlement lying along the highway in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19715290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715290" title="Trachelyichthys">
Trachelyichthys

Trachelyichthys is a genus of driftwood catfishes found in tropical South America.
Species.
There are currently two described species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="19715299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715299" title="Kingsley, Hampshire">
Kingsley, Hampshire

Kingsley is a village in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is 2.1 miles (3.4 km) north of Bordon, on the B3004 road. The village has a community centre and an inn, the Cricketers.
The nearest main railway station is Alton, 4.2 miles (6.7 km) west of the village, although Bentley station is within a similar distance to the north. The village was formerly served by Kingsley Halt on the Bentley to Bordon branch line.
It contains Kingsley Common.

</doc>
<doc id="19715321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715321" title="SM City Xiamen">
SM City Xiamen

SM City Xiamen is a shopping centre in Xiamen city, Fujian province, China. It is owned by SM Prime Holdings, the largest retail and mall operator in the Philippines. It is the first SM Supermall on mainland China, which opened on December 13, 2001.
In Xiamen, it is aptly called "SM Laiya". The mall has a gross floor area of 126,000 square meters with over 500 shops featuring local and international brands. It is strategically located along a busy crossroad --- Jiahe and Xianyue Road. 
<br><br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="19715358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715358" title="Sergei Serdyukov">
Sergei Serdyukov

Sergei Sergeyevich Serdyukov () (born April 10, 1981) is a Russian professional football player. He plays for FC Tyumen.

</doc>
<doc id="19715374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715374" title="Yadunandan Sharma">
Yadunandan Sharma

Yadunandan Sharma (also spelled Jadunandan) (1896–1975) was an Indian peasant leader and national liberation figure from the Indian state of Bihar. He had started a movement for the rights of tillers against the zamindars and Britishers at Reora celebrated as the Reora Satyagraha.
Biography.
Yadunandan Sharma was born in Majhiawa village, Gaya district, in 1896. The village was part of the Tekari zamindari. His father died when Sharma was aged three and he had to begin work as a cowherd while very young. This cause him to miss school and it was only in 1914 that, impelled by the desire to become literate, he ran away to Benaras where he learned the alphabet.
He matriculated in 1919 from Tekari high school and became a teacher for one year in a village school. He worked also as a manager in a zamindari, getting a first hand knowledge of the system. Not happy with it, he again went off to Benaras and joined Benaras Hindu University and studied until 1929 when he graduated. After his B.A. degree, he left education and joined Civil Disobedience Movement. He was arrested and sentenced for 16 months in 1930. After being released from jail, he joined the Kisan movement in 1933 and started the famous Sandako and Reora Satyagraha in the 1930s. He became the undisputed leader of peasants in the Gaya district and second in command to the legendary freedom fighter and peasant leader Sahajanand Saraswati. Most of his life was spent in the Neyamatpur village in an ashram from where he kept revolting against the British Rule and Zamindari. Pandit Nehru paid a visit to the Ashram in 1936 on a chilling winter night in December to meet him and address a mass gathering of the locals. He died in 1975.
References.
Swami and Friends- By Arvind N Das http://www.virginia.edu/soasia/symsem/kisan/papers/swami.html
Peasant Symposium Presentation, May 1997
http://www.virginia.edu/soasia/symsem/kisan/papers/reora.html

</doc>
<doc id="19715383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715383" title="Park Dong-Hyuk">
Park Dong-Hyuk

Park Dong-Hyuk (born 18 April 1979) is a South Korean football defender, who currently plays for K League Classic club Ulsan Hyundai. His previous clubs are Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, Gamba Osaka, Kashiwa Reysol and Dalian Shide. He was a part of South Korea who of the Summer Olympics in 2000.
On 16 December 2011, Park signed a contract with Chinese Super League club Dalian Shide.

</doc>
<doc id="19715384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715384" title="National Highway 87 (India)">
National Highway 87 (India)

National Highway 87 (NH 87) is a National Highway in Northern India. NH 87, which runs for a distance of , links Rampur in Uttar Pradesh with Karna Prayag in Uttarakhand. 
Of its total length, the National Highway 87 traverses in Uttar Pradesh and in Uttarakhand.
Route.
NH 87 passes through Pantnagar, Haldwani, Nainital, Bhowali, Almora, Ranikhet, Dwarahat, Chaukutia, Gairsain, Adbabri, and Karna Prayag.

</doc>
<doc id="19715399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715399" title="Stefan Sundström">
Stefan Sundström

Stefan Sundström is a Swedish singer/songwriter and troubadour. After dropping out of school, he started playing in small bands such as Trots, Läppstars and Apache, which later went on to become Weeping Willows. Sundström's music often refers to other important Swedish musicians like Evert Taube, Dan Andersson, Bellman, Alice Tegnér, Astrid Lindgren, Ulf Dageby and Cornelis Vreeswijk. 
Sundström is married to Karin Renberg and has two daughters. Renberg also plays guitar in his band.

</doc>
<doc id="19715420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715420" title="Manmanning, Western Australia">
Manmanning, Western Australia

Manmanning is a small Wheatbelt town in Western Australia.
The name of the town is an Indigenous Australian word of unknown meaning. The word first appeared on charts drawn in 1907 and was the Indigenous Australian name of a soak located close to the townsite.
The townsite was originally a railway siding on the Ejanding North line and land was set aside for settlers in 1927. The townsite was gazetted in 1929.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19715423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715423" title="Niverville Clippers">
Niverville Clippers

The Niverville Clippers are a Junior ice hockey team based in Niverville, Manitoba. They are members of the Hanover Tache Junior Hockey League (HTJHL). The franchise was founded in the late 80's/early 90's but folded in the mid 90's. The only other team for players in this area was the St. Adolphe Hawks, which joined the league in 1999-2000. In 2008 St. Adolphe ceased operations for a year and Niverville was welcomed back to the league. The Clippers last won the league championship in 1994.
Season-by-Season Record.
"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against,   PCT = Winning Percentage"
Current roster.
As of February 7, 2009 
Team Captains.
"C"Wyatt greer
"A"Clint Lucier 
"A"Adam Sullivan 
"A"Luc Chaput
Coaches & Staff.
Head Coach - Don Koop
Assistant Coach - Matt Fast
Assistant Coach - Cam ?????
Head Trainer - Andrew Neufeld
Equipment/General Manager - Andy Anderson
Head Executive/Team Owner - ?????

</doc>
<doc id="19715451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715451" title="Kevin Borg">
Kevin Borg

Kevin James Borg (born 9 June 1986, Floriana, Malta) is a Maltese pop singer who lives and works in Sweden. Borg rose to musical fame as the winner of the fifth series of the Swedish singing competition "Idol" in 2008. He was the third male winner and the first in the show's history to be born outside of Sweden, having moved there exactly one year before he was declared winner.
Biography.
Early life.
Borg was born and raised in Floriana, Malta. He discovered his love for singing as a child when he performed the lead role in the school musical "Oliver Twist". His collaboration with composer Jason Cassar has led him to participate twice in both the Maltese selection for Eurovision Song Contest and the Malta International TV Song Festival in 2006 and 2007. He was a resident singer in the television programme Kalamita (2006–2007). Borg has also performed songs with noted Maltese singers Claudia Faniello and Olivia Lewis.
He was also a rather talented footballer, playing for Floriana FC. Borg's grandfather, Lolly De Battista, was the first Maltese footballer to win the prestigious "Footballer of the Year" Award.
"Idol" 2008.
In December 2007, Borg moved to Arvidsjaur in the north of Sweden to live with his Swedish girlfriend. During the fall 2008, he auditioned for the fifth season of the Swedish singing contest "Idol". Although he made it through to the final 12 live finals, Borg was not originally among the competition's front-runners. However, his strong performances caused a rapid growth in his popularity with viewers week by week. After making it to the final 2 and performing at Stockholm's Globen Arena before a live audience of 16,000 people, Borg was declared the fifth Swedish Idol on 12 December 2008, defeating Alice Svensson with 82% of the votes. Throughout the live finals, Borg had never fallen into the bottom three contestants.
TV4 received some criticism for including Borg, as he was already an established singer on Malta before his participation in Swedish Idol.
After "Idol".
2008: Debut single.
After having won the Swedish Idol 2008 Borg signed a recording contract with Sony BMG. Borg's coronation song With Every Bit of Me was released one week after he had won the contest. The song was a hit in Sweden, where it debuted at no. 1 and stayed on top of the charts for two consecutive weeks.
2009: First album: "The Beginning".
On 4 March 2009 Borg officially released his album "The Beginning" in Sweden. The album reached no. 3 in the charts in Sweden and was certified gold. Borg also released his second single from the album, entitled "Street Lights". The single reached no. 10 in Sweden. 
The album was originally slated for release in February, but since Borg was at that time working on his music video for "Street Lights" the album was pushed back by a week. Borg made a nation-wide tour in the spring and summer of 2009 in Sweden.
In October 2011, Borg released his new single "Unstoppable", in support of the Breast Cancer Foundation in Sweden. 
In November 2012 Borgs music single "Christmas Time" placed number one on the Maltese iTunes chart. 
Kevin has also widened his career as a songrwiter /producer having written and produced the hit song Mental Breaker for K-Pop group in South Korea Block B . The song written by Borg and Marcos Ubeda made it all the way to number 10 on the world albums Billboard Charts + many otgher charts.
Borg participated again in the Maltese national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö with the song "Needing You which he wrote and produced together with Simon Gribbe , Danne Attlerud, Thomas thörnholm and Michael Klauss" coming in second place.
Kevin has written and composed the song Storyline co-written with Simon Gribbe and Aidan O Connor and sng by Alin Vaduva who made it until the Semi Finals of the Romanian Semi Final of Eurovision2013.
May 2013 - Kevin is working very close to the Swedish Publishing Company Starlab, who are in a collaboration with one of the biggest Company in Japan Nichion and Johnny's where he is writing and producing very intensely with many different producers and songwriters both from Japan and Sweden. He writes a lot with his colleague Simon Gribbe.
Personal life.
In July 2011, Kevin Borg married his Swedish fiance Sofia Lundgren in a ceremony held in Arvidsjaur. And he is living in Stockholm.
Discography.
The following is a complete discography of every album and single released by Maltese pop singer Kevin Borg.
Musical participation in Malta.
Malta International TV Song Festival
Malta Song for Europe

</doc>
<doc id="19715455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715455" title="Karyanand Sharma">
Karyanand Sharma

Karyanand Sharma (1901–1965) was a nationalist and peasant leader who led movements against zamindars and the British. 
Biography.
Karyanand Sharma was born in Sahoor village in Monghyr district. Although he started studying in 1906, he had soon to leave school and help the family in cultivation. However, between 1914 and 1920, he educated himself and matriculated in 1920 just in time to join the non-cooperation movement. 
Contribution to freedom movement and peasant movement.
He was arrested and sentenced to one year. After release from jail, he became more and more involved in peasant issues and in 1927 organized a struggle of the tenants at Chanan against arbitrary extortions by the zamindars. This was particularly directed against the Giddhaur Raj and Kaira estate. Since these zamindars and their minions were particularly oppressive, the local Indian National Congress leaders permitted Karyanand to carry on the struggle though they themselves did not extend much help. Nevertheless, because of the unity among the tenants, the zamindars had to bow down and this victory became a great morale-booster for the peasants in Monghyr.
After the famous Barahiya Bakasht Andolan in 1937-39, strictures were passed against him and in 1938 he was arrested by the then Congress government. After his release from prison when he joined the Kisan Movement he was jailed again and again. During these long sojourns he got a chance to read Marxist literature and joined the Communist Party of India although, until 1943 he remained a member of the All India Congress Committee. After independence, he became one of the top leaders of the Communist Party of India and leader of its legislature party until his death. It was under the able leadership of Karyanand Sharma that the Communist Party of India waged some important agrarian struggles in the 1950s, the most notable among them being Sathi farm struggles in Champaran.
References.
Swami and Friends- By Arvind N Das http://www.virginia.edu/soasia/symsem/kisan/papers/swami.html

</doc>
<doc id="19715463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715463" title="Michael Irby">
Michael Irby

Michael Clinton Irby (born November 16, 1972) is an American film and television actor. He is known for portraying Sergeant First Class Charles Grey in "The Unit".
Personal life.
Irby was born in Palm Springs, California and grew up in Cabazon, California, the son of Ernie and Cindy Irby. He has two brothers, Jason and Ernest III.
With a lifelong love for soccer, he played in Europe as part of Team USA before he was forced to give it up due to injury.
Following the end of his soccer career, he went to college where his drama professor encouraged him to pursue a career in theater at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, New York.
He is married to Susan Matus, whom he met whilst studying in New York, and they have a son. Michael attended two schools College of the Desert Palm Desert, CA and Orange Coast College Costa Mesa, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="19715466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715466" title="Kazy">
Kazy

Kazy or kazi (, ; , ; Tatar qazılıq, Bashkir Ҡаҙылыҡ. "ķaźılıķ") is a traditional sausage-like food of Kazakhs, Tatars, Kyrgyz, and other ethnic groups mainly of Central Asia, particularly those of Turkic origin. Kazy is a common element on a dastarkhan, a table set for a festive meal.
Preparation.
Horse flesh ribs are cut out with the meat and hung for 5-7 hours to drain the remaining of blood. The intestines of the horse are thoroughly washed and kept in saline water for 1–2 hours. The meat from the ribs are salted, seasoned with pepper and garlic and left roped in cloth for 2–3 hours. Then the intestines are filled with the rib meat and the two ends of the filled intestine are tied. After this preparation, the kazy can be smoked or hung to dry for a week at a sun-lit placed exposed to wind. Smoking is performed in a thick smoke of 50-60° for 12–18 hours.
Before serving, the kazy is cooked in boiling water for 2 hours. The cooked kazy is sliced into 1 cm thick pieces and served with onion and seasonal crops.
Others.
There is a claim whether "kazy" should be conisdered as a part of Uzbek cuisine or not, because while Tashkent's uzbeks eat "kazy", Fergana's uzbeks do not eat any horse meat.

</doc>
<doc id="19715469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715469" title="Nijeberkoop">
Nijeberkoop

Nijeberkoop () is a village consisting of about 274 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715475" title="Oldeberkoop">
Oldeberkoop

Oldeberkoop () is a village consisting of about 1.550 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715476" title="Liberty Stadium (Salonta)">
Liberty Stadium (Salonta)

The Liberty Stadium (Romanian: "Stadionul Liberty") in Salonta, Romania is a multi-use stadium. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CF Liberty Salonta. The stadium holds about 1,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19715479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715479" title="Langedijke">
Langedijke

Langedijke () is a village consisting of about 290 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715501" title="National Highway 76 (India)">
National Highway 76 (India)

National Highway 76 or NH 76 is a National Highway in India that links Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh with Pindwara in Rajasthan. This long highway passes through Udaipur, Kota, Shivpuri, Jhansi and Banda. 
Of its total length, the National Highway 76 traverses in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and in Rajasthan.
National Highway 76 Extension.
National Highway 76 has an extension of , deviated before Allahabad. It is called NH 76 Extn., route being of NH 76 to Mirzapur. Some of the road passes through small hills.
An important point to note while travelling via this Highway is that traffic is very sparse (specially between Udaipur-Shivpuri) and you do not find any motels or roadside dhabas.

</doc>
<doc id="19715504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715504" title="Jean Bouli">
Jean Bouli

Jean Blaise Bouli (born September 4, 1980) in Douala is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for FC Olimpia in Moldova.
Previously he played for FC Jūrmala in Latvia. He played 9 games, scoring no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19715507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715507" title="Swearing Allegiance">
Swearing Allegiance

Swearing Allegiance (US title: Love's Deadly Triangle: The Texas Cadet Murder) is a 1997 American drama film based on real life murder of Adrianne Jones by Diane Zamora in Texas. The film stars Holly Marie Combs (as Zamora), David Lipper, Cassidy Rae, Dee Wallace, Gary Grubbs, Kurt Fuller, and Joanna Garcia. The film was adapted from "The Killer Cadets," an article in "Texas Monthly" by Skip Hollandsworth.
Plot.
The story is that of the real-life case of David Graham and Diane Zamora. It revolves around two best friends who turn out to be soul mates and who swear to stay together forever and ever, even to the point where David's apparently confessed infidelity leads to the couple's murder of the girl he cheated with.
Controversy.
The movie was broadcast prior to trial, which raised the objections of the lawyers for the defendants, as they were concerned that the movie may prevent the defendants from receiving a fair trial. The parents of the victim also raised objections about the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19715532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715532" title="SM City Chengdu">
SM City Chengdu

SM Chengdu is a shopping mall in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, under the management of Henry Sy, a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19715538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715538" title="František Brzák">
František Brzák

František Brzák (April 16, 1915 – 2006) was a Czech canoer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague. In 1936 he and his partner Josef Dusil finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m competition. In the K-1 10000 m event, Brzák finished sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="19715562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715562" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 19">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 19

The 19th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania and includes the following area:

</doc>
<doc id="19715568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715568" title="Dumitru Dolgov">
Dumitru Dolgov

Dumitru Dolgov () (born 24 August 1987 in Perevalsk, Luhansk Oblast) is a Moldovan footballer, who is currently playing for FC Costuleni.
Career.
Dolgov began his career with Ukrainian club Stal Alchevsk and came in 2006 to Moldova, who signed for Nistru.
He offered a contract from FC Terek Grozny in early 2008 and joined in the Russian Premier League. Dumitru made only 7 matches during the 2008 season because of an injury. In Januar 2011 returned to Moldova and signed for FC Sfîntul Gheorghe. After a half year with FC Sfîntul Gheorghe joined in August 2011 to League rival FC Costuleni.
International career.
In 2006 became the Moldova citizen and played for the Moldova national under-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="19715569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715569" title="Josef Dusil">
Josef Dusil

Josef Dusil (November 5, 1910 – 1998) was a Czechoslovak canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Prague.
In 1936 he and his partner František Brzák finished fourth in the K-2 1000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="19715570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715570" title="SM City Jinjiang">
SM City Jinjiang

SM Jinjiang () is a mall in Jinjiang, Quanzhou, Fujian province, China, as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines. It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, under the management of Henry Sy, a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon. The exterior of SM City Jinjiang is similar to the old exterior of SM City North EDSA.

</doc>
<doc id="19715571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715571" title="1925 Charlevoix–Kamouraska earthquake">
1925 Charlevoix–Kamouraska earthquake

The 1925 Charlevoix–Kamouraska earthquake was a major earthquake which struck northeastern North America on February 28, 1925, reaching 6.2 on the moment magnitude scale. It was one of the most powerful measured in Canada in the 20th century, with a maximum perceived intensity of VIII ("Destructive") on the Mercalli intensity scale at its epicentre in the area of Charlevoix-Kamouraska along the Saint Lawrence River near île aux Lièvres and not greater than VI ("Strong") in the United States. The quake was felt in Quebec, Shawinigan, Montreal, as far south as Virginia, and as far west as the Mississippi River.
Damage.
It caused damage in three separate areas. The first had extreme damage constricted to a narrow belt 20 miles long on both shores of the Saint Lawrence River near the epicentre. In this area, damage at the villages of Baie-Saint-Paul, Saint-Urbain, Les Éboulements, Pointe-au-Pic, La Malbaie, Tadoussac and the other nearby villages of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, Saint-Pacôme, Rivière-Ouelle, Saint-Philippe, Saint-Denis, and Saint-Pascal on the south shore, was mostly related to the magnitude of the earthquake itself, and to some extent by the deep grainy soil on which many of the destroyed buildings were built. The two other damaged areas were Quebec City and in the Trois-Rivières - Shawinigan area, where the destruction was more extensive, not so much due to the strength of the earthquake, but rather to the uneven nature of the landscape.
Aftermath.
A total of 55 aftershocks were recorded, which lasted for weeks, ranging from magnitude 5 to 2. Over the years, several studies were published on the 1925 Charlevoix–Kamouraska earthquake, some as recently as 1999. A foreshock occurred in the St. Lawrence valley the prior year on September 30. It was rated at 6.1 and was felt Rockland, Ontario to Portland, Maine.

</doc>
<doc id="19715572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715572" title="Teatro del Silenzio">
Teatro del Silenzio

The Teatro del Silenzio (or Theatre of Silence) is an Italian open air amphitheatre which is located in Lajatico, Tuscany — the hometown of Andrea Bocelli. In 2006, Bocelli influenced the municipality of his hometown Lajatico to build the outdoor theatre, and contributed greatly towards its construction.
The theatre hosts a concert by Bocelli, its honorary president, once every July, while remaining silent the rest of the year.
People.
Andrea Bocelli is honorary president of Teatro del Silenzio with Fabio Tedeschi, the mayor of Lajatico, president; and Enrico Fabbri, the boss of Fabbri, vice-president.
Concerts.
Once a year in July the Teatro del Silenzio plays host to a concert. The concert of Andrea Bocelli includes performances from Bocelli and other guests. To date there have been seven concerts in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012.
2006.
The inaugural concert occurred 27 July 2006, and was performed in front of over five thousand people and included performances from the following.
2007.
The second concert took place 5 July 2007. The planned rehearsal the previous night was cancelled due to heavy winds, but the concert itself went ahead and included performances from pianist Lang Lang, trumpeter Chris Botti, saxophonist Kenny G, singers Laura Pausini, Elisa, Sarah Brightman, and Heather Headley, conductor Bill Ross, the special guest was 14-time Grammy Award winning David Foster. Performances from Bocelli included "Con te partirò", "Vivo per lei", "Il Mare Calmo della Sera", and "The Prayer". Heather Headley was the other half of the duet in both "Vivo per lei" and "The Prayer". Elisa performed "La voce del silenzio", Laura Pausini sung "Vivere", while Sarah Brightman performed "Time to Say Goodbye" as a duet with Bocelli and "Canto della terra". Dueting with Bocelli on their respective instruments other performers included Lang Lang ("Io ci sarò"), Kenny G ("A te"), Chris Botti ("Italia"), and David Foster playing "Because We Believe" and a medley from Amore.
"Vivere Live in Tuscany", the DVD of the concert was released January 29, 2008.
2008.
Four One Music & Events organised the third concert on 20 July 2008.
Charice sang a duet of the song "The Prayer" with Bocelli, having only met for the first time 23 May 2008 when performing at a one-night tribute concert with David Foster at the Mandalay Bay Events Center on the Las Vegas Strip.
2009.
For 2009, eight sculptures, by Hans Peter Ditzler, were placed at the theatre The concert took place on July 18. Among Bocelli's guests were opera legend Plácido Domingo, with whom he sang Nessun Dorma from Puccini's Turandot and a duet from the The Pearl Fishers, and Katherine Jenkins, with whom he sang Time to Say Goodbye.
2010.
Sculptures by Swiss artist Kurt Laurenz Metzler, who attended the concert, were exhibited during the 2010 edition of the concert, and Italian actress Gina Lollobrigida, who was also in attendance, donated a Bronze statue she had made of Bocelli, to the city of Lajatico, in the afternoon just before the concert.
Bocelli held the fifth edition of the Teatro del Silenzio, on July 25, to an audience of 10,000, double the amount of the first edition of the annual Festival, held in 2006. His guests included one of the two surviving member of The Three Tenors, Spanish Catalan tenor, José Carreras, and Italian rock singer, Zucchero.
He was also awarded the "Pisano Doc", during the dress rehearsal for the concert, July 24, "in recognition for a great citizen, who with his extraordinary art and his humanity brings great prestige, honor and respect to the city of Pisa."
2012.
The edition was held on July 12, 2012.
2013.
The 2013 edition of the annual concert was held on July 7, 2013. Numbers included a cover of "Love Me Tender" initially performed by Elvis Presley and Italian renditions of Frank Sinatra's "My Way" and Edith Piaf's "La Vie en Rose". Guests included tenor Riccardo Cocciante. As is tradition, Andrea Bocelli performed "Time to Say Goodbye" at the end of the concert.
Features.
The site of Teatro del Silenzio also incorporates sculptures by artists. Sculptures have been selected to be exhibited on a platform in the centre of the lake. In 2008, Mario Ceroli's "Il Cavallo di Bronzo", a bronze horse was displayed with past sculptures including Arnaldo Pomodoro's "Il Grande Sole", and works by Igor Mitoraj and Kurt Laurenz Metzler.

</doc>
<doc id="19715578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715578" title="HLA B7-DR15-DQ6">
HLA B7-DR15-DQ6

HLA B7-DR15-DQ6 is a multigene haplotype that covers a majority of the human major histocompatibility complex on chromosome 6. A multigene haplotype is set of inherited alleles covering several genes, or gene-alleles, common multigene haplotypes are generally the result of descent by common ancestry (share a recent common ancestor for that segment of the chromosome). Chromosomal recombination fragments multigene haplotypes as the distance to that ancestor increases in number of generations.
HLA B7-DR15-DQ6 is a representation(by serotype) of a common HLA haplotype found in Western Eurasia. The haplotype can be written in an extended form covering the major histocompatibility loci as follows:
HLA Cw*0702 : B*0702 : DRB1*1501 : DQA1*0102 : DQB1*0602
The older literature may describe this haplotype in two different ways. One B7-DR2-DQ6 derives from the fact that DR15 is a split antigen of the DR2 broad antigen serotype. The other B7-DR2-DQ1 stems from the fact that DQ1 is an alpha chain serotype that is now covered by the beta chain type DQ5 and DQ6 (DQ1 pairs with DQ5 and DQ6 by cis-haplotype pairing).
There are two major subhaplotypes one that is preceded on its telomeric side by HLA A*0301 and the other by HLA A*0201. The A*0301 bearing haplotype (HLA A3-B7-DR15-DQ6) is described as the longest known multgene haplotype in humans.
HLA A2-B7-DR15-DQ6.
The appendation of the B7::DQ6 haplotype creates the A2-B7::DQ6 haplotype. This haplotype if found often in Northern Spain, Switzerland, Netherlands.
HLA A*0201Cw*0702 : B*0702 : DRB1*1501 : DQA1*0102 : DQB1*0602
HLA A3-B7-DR15-DQ6.
The gene-allele representation of the haplotype is:
HLA A*0301Cw*0702 : B*0702 : DRB1*1501 : DQA1*0102 : DQB1*0602
This is considered now the longest of the widely distributed ancestral haplotypes, its length is 4.8 million nucleotides and extends from TRIM27 gene . . . .The haplotype is nodal in Ireland but is also at high frequency in Switzerland, it has a subnode in the Pasiegos of northern Spain. There is some variance in the distribution of A3::DQ6 relative to A1::DQ2 in that there is more of a bias toward central and eastern Europe. Parts of the haplotype are spread into East Asia and even appear within the New world's indigeonous populations. DR15:DQ6 frequencies peak in central Asia, and it is suspect that this may be a point of Eurasian spread westward into Europe.
While there are some diseases associated with the haplotype, the frequency of association is less compared to A1::B8.
Disease Associations.
HLA B7-DR15-DQ6 was found to have an association with postmenopausal osteoporosis in a Greek population.
DR2 (15 or 16) -DQ6.2 has been found to associate with (idiopathic) narcolepsy-cataplexy Hypocretin ligand deficiency in the brain and cerebrospinal fluid is also link to narcolepsy-cataplexy. DR15-DQ6 also shows an association with factors (including a genetic factor on chromosome 12p12) involved in familial multiple sclerosis DR15-DQ6 is strongly associated with the development of choroidal neovascular lesions in presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome.
The DR15-DQ6 haplotype may afford some greater protection against the progression of HIV. However, the haplotype is a risk factor in cervical cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19715606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715606" title="Platyclarias machadoi">
Platyclarias machadoi

Platyclarias machadoi is the only species in the genus Platyclarias of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Clariidae. It originates from the upper Cuango River in Angola. It reaches up to 20.1 centimetres (7.9 in) TL. "P. machadoi" is easily identified among the clariids due to its extremely flattened head relative to other clariids.

</doc>
<doc id="19715612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715612" title="Hapoel Herzliya F.C.">
Hapoel Herzliya F.C.

Hapoel Herzliya () is an Israeli football club based in Herzliya. The club is currently in Liga Leumit and play their home matches at the Herzliya Municipal Stadium.
History.
Prior to the Israeli Declaration of Independence, the club played five seasons at the top flight, and appeared for the last time in the 1946–47 Palestine League season, where the club relegated.
Following Israeli independence in 1949, the club was placed in Liga Bet, the second division. In 1953–54 they were relegated. the club returned to Liga Alef in the 1960–61 season, and relegated after one season to Liga Bet. However, in the Israel State Cup, the club made history, after they eliminated Maccabi Jaffa, Beitar Jerusalem and Beitar Tel Aviv, and reached the Semi-finals, where they lost to the Israeli champions at the time, Hapoel Petah Tikva, in a result of 0-4. in the 1962–63 season, they returned to Liga Alef after winning promotion play-off against Beitar Haifa. Hapoel remained in the second tier for the next 13 seasons, and their best placing came in the 1969–70 season, in which they finished as runners-up after Hapoel Hadera, which were promoted to the Liga Leumit.
In 1975-76, which was the last season of Liga Alef prior to the creation of Liga Artzit, Hapoel finished only in the fourteenth place, which was not enough to secure a place in the newly formed second tier, thus, the club relegated to the new Liga Alef (now as third tier).
After three seasons in the third tier, the club promoted to Liga Artzit in the 1978-79 season after finishing second in Liga Alef North, and then by winning promotion play-off against Maccabi Kiryat Gat. however, in the following season, their spell in Liga Artzit lasted only one season. as they finished bottom and relegated back to Liga Alef. two seasons later, they finished bottom in Liga Alef South, and relegated to the fourth tier, Liga Bet, where they remained for the next 18 seasons.
In 2000 the club won the South A Division of Liga Bet to win promotion to Liga Alef. In 2003 Hapoel won the North Division of Liga Alef and were promoted to Liga Artzit. At the end of the 2006–07 season they finished second from bottom and were relegated back to Liga Alef.
In 2009–10 the club won the South Division of Liga Alef to win promotion to Liga Leumit. in 2011–12 the club finished bottom in Liga Leumit and relegated to Liga Alef, where they play today.

</doc>
<doc id="19715619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715619" title="Bruno Lips">
Bruno Lips

Bruno Lips (born June 16, 1908, date of death unknown) was a Swiss canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, where he finished seventh in the K-1 10000 m event.

</doc>
<doc id="19715641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715641" title="Mellowman">
Mellowman

Mellowman is a French hip hop act active during the 1990s, composed of two members, Lee Rick (Rapper) & DJ Cool (Producer). The band achieved moderate success in 1995 with its first single, then a bigger success with its second one in France : "Gardez l'écoute" (#46), and "La Voix du Mellow" (#13 in France and 16 weeks in the top 50, #17 in Belgium Wallonia). In 1998, DJ Cool deceased in a car accident, let Lee Rick alone in the group. The band also recorded a duet with SKO in 1999, entitled "Un Autre Jour", that featured as B-side on the hit single "Just Another Day", ranked in several charts at the time. Among band's other songs, there were "Pyromellow" and "Respire".

</doc>
<doc id="19715644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715644" title="Night Waves">
Night Waves

Night Waves is a radio programme broadcast on BBC Radio 3. The BBC describes it as "Radio 3's flagship arts and ideas programme".
"The Guardian" said in May 2010 "...the king of radio arts programmes is undoubtedly "Night Waves", a programme so clever that it regularly makes me stand still and listen, usually halfway to the dishwasher with a plate in my hand...It's the desire to untangle arguments, to lift up their corners and see what lurks there. There's a gleeful range of references too...and a relish for intelligent debate." 
It is broadcast every Monday to Thursday evening, except during the Proms season. Programmes usually include a mix of interviews, reviews, previews, discussions, commissioned writing and reports. Some episodes include a single interview with a prominent figure in the worlds of arts or ideas. A monthly edition discusses a cultural landmark.
The programme's presenters include Matthew Sweet, Philip Dodd, Rana Mitter and Anne McElvoy.
For some reason the programme was renamed 'Free Thinking', from 7th January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19715649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715649" title="John Rowe (minister)">
John Rowe (minister)

John Rowe (1626–1677) was an English clergyman, minister to an important Congregationalist church in London.
Life.
He was born in Crediton, Devon. He was educated at Emmanuel College, Cambridge and Oxford, where he attended New Inn Hall.
His 1653 book "Tragi-comoedia" took an incident in his parish of Witney as a judgement on those attending dramatic productions. The floor of an upper room of The White Hart Inn collapsed during a performance by travelling players of "Mucedorus".
In 1654 he was appointed lecturer to Westminster Abbey. In October 1656 he preached to Parliament, then giving thanks for a naval victory in the Caribbean.In 1659 at the State Funeral of John Bradshaw, the President of the Court that had condemned Charles I, he gave the eulogy. However, he was displaced from his position by the Restoration of 1660, and in 1662 refused to conform, losing his status and being ejected as Anglican minister.
After some moves, he established a church in Holborn, London, where he was assisted by Theophilus Gale.
Thomas Rowe (1657–1705) was his son. He took over the church after Gale’s death, and moved it to Girdlers’ Hall, which opened in 1681 in Basinghall Street. It had Isaac Watts in its congregation. Henry Grove, friend of Watts, was Rowe’s nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="19715659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715659" title="Grundorf">
Grundorf

Grundorf Corporation (pronounced grun-dorf) is an American loudspeaker manufacturer / road case company headquartered in Council Bluffs, Iowa, USA.
History.
Grundorf Corporation was formed in 1984 to manufacture and repair audio equipment for regional and touring musicians. As the business grew and its reputation for producing quality speaker cabinets increased, audio companies such as Celestion began using Grundorf to design and build their systems. 
As Grundorf continued its focus on Protective Case sales, a growing demand from touring groups like Manheim Steamroller for sophisticated, application-specific audio systems kept the company occupied.
Eventually, two complimentary divisions were formed: Grund Audio Design and Grundorf Case & Accessory.
Grund Audio Design Division
GAD audio engineers in their fully equipped laboratory, use multiple techniques including LEAP, LMS, Thiele-Small parameters and industry audiophiles for critical listening tests. GAD systems employ cutting-edge materials including asymmetrical horns; Neodymium magnets; Titanium drivers; full-protection circuitry; Baltic Birch wood and third-order crossover networks to precisely match transition between drivers.
Grundorf Case and Accessory Division
Grundorf Cases are built for a wide array of applications where portability and mobility are of prime importance. Their innovative and sturdy designs are widely used in educational facilities, corporate A/V, lighting, musicians, rental, DJ and “Pro-Audio” production companies. Their reputation is also built by “on-the-road” durability and ability to accommodate precise but often changing dimensions of almost any type and brand of equipment. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715664" title="Sergei Bendz">
Sergei Bendz

Sergei Aleksandrovich Bendz () (born April 3, 1983 in Krasnodar) is a Russian footballer, who plays for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.

</doc>
<doc id="19715674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715674" title="Evan McCaskey">
Evan McCaskey

Evan McCaskey was an American guitarist who played for the bands Exodus and Blind Illusion.
Evan grew up in Point Richmond, California. Prior to joining the band Blind Illusion, he taught guitar lessons in his Point Richmond studio. It was not at all uncommon to see Evan riding past the Richmond Plunge or the Santa Fe Market on the back of a Vespa motorscooter holding two or three guitar cases. He committed suicide in 1989. Many of his friends question the suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="19715694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715694" title="Liberty Square">
Liberty Square

Liberty Square may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715697" title="1970 Copa Libertadores">
1970 Copa Libertadores

The 1970 Copa Libertadores de América was the 11th edition of CONMEBOL's top club tournament. Estudiantes successfully defended their title for the second straight year by defeating Peñarol in the finals. Teams from Brazil did not participate in this year's tournament due to CBF still disagreeing with the format.
First phase.
Defending champions Estudiantes receive a bye until the third phase.
Second phase.
From this phase onwards, the team that advances from groups that have two teams (including the winner of the finals) will be decided by points (two for a win, one for a draw). If after two games, no one team has the most points, a single-game playoff will be played on neutral grounds to determine who advances (or wins as is the case for the finals). If the playoff game ends in a draw, goal difference will be used a tie-breaker.

</doc>
<doc id="19715699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715699" title="Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers">
Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers

The Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers was constituted in 1956 in East Berlin within the framework of the commemorations on the 100th anniversary of Robert Schumann's death. A second edition was organized on the occasion of the composer's 150th anniversary, and three years later a third edition was arranged in Zwickau. The competition, a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions, has taken place in Schumann's birthplace every 3/4 years since.

</doc>
<doc id="19715700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715700" title="WXJ69">
WXJ69

WXJ69 (sometimes referred to as San Juan All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves the eastern Puerto Rico area. It is programmed from the National Weather Service forecast office in San Juan, Puerto Rico (NWSFO San Juan), with its radio transmitter located in Aguas Buenas. It broadcasts weather and hazard information for Mayaguez and vicinity, northwest, southeast, Ponce and vicinity, central interior and northern Puerto Rico. All information (except for station ID) is broadcast in English and then in Spanish. Spanish names are often poorly pronounced by the English synthesized voice.
Municipalities covered.
Rather than a standard "county" warning area as on the mainland, each of the municipalities of Puerto Rico has its own FIPS code.
See also.
<br clear=all>
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19715701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715701" title="Haulerwijk">
Haulerwijk

Haulerwijk () is a village consisting of about 3300 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715709" title="Haule">
Haule

Haule () is a village consisting of about 610 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715712" title="Loulou Lamotte">
Loulou Lamotte

Louise "Loulou" Lamotte (born 1981, Malmö, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter of American descent.
Career.
Lamotte is a member of the singer/songwriter band Soulectric, and has written most of the band's songs. Loulou has also written and sung with noted Swedish singers such as Advanced Patrol, singer Pauline and Lilleman. Lamotte also contributed to the released record "Höj din röst vol.2". Loulou Lamotte was a contestant on the Swedish Idol 2008 on TV4.
In 2013, she was in the backing vocals alongside Oscar Zia in the Behrang Miri song "Jalla Dansa Sawa" performed at the Melodifestivalen 2013 in the Swedish selection process for Eurovision Song Contest 2013. Although the song failed to make it to the finals after a duel elimination round won by Anton Ewald and his song "Begging", the song gained great popularity with the Swedish public and the single was released immediately after the competition reaching number 4 on Sverigetopplistan, the official Swedish Singles Chart.
Personal life.
Lamotte has strong roots in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States, and has visited it many times. She also resided in Los Angeles for a brief period in 2007, where she recorded a number of tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19715715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715715" title="Stadionul Mechel">
Stadionul Mechel

Mechel Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Câmpia Turzii, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CS Mechel Câmpia Turzii. The stadium holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19715722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715722" title="LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE">
LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE

LAIBACHKUNSTDERFUGE (always written as a whole word but sometimes dividing it with colors as "LAI-BACH-KUNST-DER-FUGE") is a concept album by NSK industrial group Laibach. The album is a reinterpretation («"the laibachian interpretation"») of Johann Sebastian Bach's "The Art of Fugue" ("Die Kunst der Fuge" in German).

</doc>
<doc id="19715727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715727" title="U12">
U12

U-12 or U-XII may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715735" title="U13">
U13

U13 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715736" title="Fochteloo">
Fochteloo

Fochteloo () is a village consisting of about 450 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the southeast of Friesland in the Netherlands. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715741" title="Bridge at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games">
Bridge at the 2008 World Mind Sports Games

The first World Mind Sports Games convened in Beijing, China, 3–18 October 2008. They were sponsored by the International Mind Sports Association and organised by the General Administration of Sport of China and the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Sport. 
Provisionally, the second WMSG will be August 2012 in Lille, France.
Contract bridge was one of the five disciplines or mind sports constituting the first WMSG: bridge, chess, draughts, go, and xiangqi. The World Bridge Federation calls the bridge competitions collectively the "World Bridge Games".
According to the WBF, it incorporated the World Team Olympiad (1960 to 2004) and several youth events in the World Bridge Games "as the stepping stone on the path of introducing a third kind of Olympic Games (after the Summer and the Winter Olympics)".
The World Masters Individual tournaments (Open and Women) were also incorporated, at least in Beijing.
The first World Bridge Games featured special national teams, pairs, and individual competitions for players under age 28 (U28), as well as traditional national teams championships for the under-26 "juniors" and under-21 "youngsters".
Hereafter the competition for youth teams, pairs, and individuals will all use the age limits that are familiar in bridge, U26 and U21.
Maybe.
Medalists.
Norway won six medals including two gold; host China reaped four lesser medals. Turkey won its first medals in world bridge, in the events for Pairs and Individuals under age 28. The category is considered a novelty and an exception in bridge, two years older than the established Juniors category, but it is the standard age limit for university games (FISU) including the "World University Cup" that was part of the 2000 and 2004 Teams Olympiads.
Individuals.
WBF competition for individuals requires that everyone use the same bidding system, even if they play briefly with a regular partner. The stipulated system is published in advance. 
These two tournaments for Individuals continue the series of World Masters Individual Championships inaugurated 1992 and contested every four years from 2000. In seven renditions no one has won either event twice. The fields are invitational rather representative. 
Unusually, the Individuals in Beijing were played on two widely separated days, with one session on opening Friday and two sessions on the next Thursday, before and after five days of preliminary matches in the Teams events.
There were 36 "men" in the Open field, including seven from host China and five from France. 
Tor Helness of Norway scored 58.66%, far ahead of his regular partner Geir Helgemo in second place.
Helness enjoyed a big lead from the first session when he scored 62%.
Helgemo was the Open winner in 1996.
There were 24 players in the Women field including six from host China. Catarina Midskog of Sweden scored 57.51% for a narrow win over Anne-Fréderique Lévy.
Lévy compiled a big lead during a huge first session (69%), with the eventual gold and bronze medalists standing third and fourth.
Three current members of the China national team (second at the Games) ranked fourth, seventh, and eleventh. The bronze medalist joined them for their first world championship in the 2009 Venice Cup.
National Teams.
Italy, England, and Japan won the Open, Women, and Seniors Teams.
The Senior Teams is not a WMSG medal event.
These three tournaments for national teams continue the Teams Olympiad inaugurated in 1960. They differ from the "World Teams Championships" now conducted in odd-number years in that the fields are open to one team from every bridge nation without pre-qualification in geographical zones. All teams play short matches for one week after which 16 leaders enter one week of knockout play
with no carryover scores.
The round-robins are incomplete (split fields) and the knockout matches are shorter than for the World Teams, which are two-week tournaments with merely 22 pre-qualified teams.
Open.
This was the 13th quadrennial world championship for national Open Teams —open to one "national" team per bridge nation, composed regardless of player age, gender, and past performance. The first twelve were conducted under the "Olympiad" moniker alongside the parallel event for Women, with another parallel for Seniors from year 2000.
Italy jumped ahead of England early and held on to win the two-day final, 96 deals in six sessions(#)).
Italy led 123 to 78 after the first of two days but England rallied to trail merely 189 to 170 with two deals to play, a slightly viable standing.
Teams from 71 bridge nations entered the Open field including 37 from Europe. Four groups of 17 or 18, each including 9 or 10 from Europe, played full round robins with the first four from each group qualifying for the knockout stage.
The sixteen qualifiers were twelve from Europe plus Brazil, China, India, and USA.
The seven-time champion of Europe (1995 to 2006),
Group A winner Italy scored the highest average across the entire field, 21.06 VP per match. Group A also featured six teams that scored within five VP in the contest for the last of its four knockout slots: Romania 286.5, France 286.5, Denmark 286, Finland 284.5, Ireland 283, and Canada 281.5.
Ninth-place Canada thereby finished closer to fourth than did the fifth team in any other group.
Romania and France both scored 286.5 VP and Romania advanced by the tiebreak criterion, a 17–13 win in their short match.
In the round of 16, there was one big surprise: the lowest-scoring qualifier Romania knocked out one of the group leaders, Israel. Seven of the winners led by at least 30 IMP after the third quarter while one of the favorites, Netherlands led Estonia by 26 IMP and held on to win 99 to 89.
In the quarterfinals, England and the remaining group leaders advanced. Three winners led by at least 30 after the first day while Germany led Netherlands by 6 en route to win by 21.
Long-time world championship contenders Italy and Norway met in one semifinal. Norway was the current Bermuda Bowl (2007) and European (June 2008) champion; Italy had won the preceding world (2005) and the seven preceding European championships.
Italy rolled up a big score on the first day, 138 to 59, and Norway withdrew before the final session. In the other semifinal England led Germany by only 8 overnight but compiled a huge margin on day two, 192 to 50.
Norway easily won the bronze medal from Germany without playing the third scheduled session.
Women.
This was the 13th quadrennial world championship for national Women Teams —restricted to one team of female "national" players from each bridge nation. The first twelve were conducted under the "Olympiad" moniker alongside the parallel Open event, with another parallel for Seniors from year 2000.
England beat China by one IMP in the two-day final (six sessions, 96 deals).
England led 141 to 58 after the first of two days (48 deals) but China closed to 190–176 with 12 deals to go.
Teams from 54 bridge nations entered the Women field including 23 from Europe. Three groups of 18, each including 7 or 8 from Europe, played full round robins from which the top five plus the highest-scoring sixth-place team qualified for the knockout stage.
England, Germany, and Finland qualified first in their groups. Germany scored 21.88 VP per match, England 20.94. The sixteen qualifiers were 12 from Europe plus Brazil, China, Singapore, and USA. 
Brazil and Japan finished fifth and sixth only 2.5 points apart in Group E, the closest decisive margin.
In the one-day round of 16, one preliminary leader and one runner-up were knocked out: Finland and Netherlands. Three matches were routs, essentially decided during the first two of four sessions, and only one provided a close finish: Denmark's 98 to 86 VP knockout of Netherlands.
In the two-day quarterfinal matches (96 deals), China battered Germany in the final session, 48–2 to win by 48. USA won a close match with Denmark, England beat France comfortably, and Turkey knocked out Russia in a cliffhanger. Russia scored 12 on the 93rd deal, which closed to the final margin, merely 5 VP.
In the two-day semifinals, China routed USA 131 to 35 IMP on the first day and coasted to win by 97 (USA no closer than 60). England led Turkey 132 to 81 en route to win by 85 (Turkey no closer than 33).
For the bronze medal, USA jumped ahead by 43 VP in the first of three sessions and won by 46.
Seniors.
This was the third quadrennial world championship for national Seniors Teams —open to one team from each bridge nation, composed of players age 58 and older (in transition).
The first two were conducted under the "Olympiad" moniker alongside the parallel Open and Women tournaments. 
It was incorporated in the "World Bridge Games" although it is not a WMSG medal event.
Japan defeated USA, 202 to 200 IMP in the two-day 96-deal final despite losing four of six sessions.
USA led 124 to 81 after the first of two days (48 deals) but trailed 148 to 169 after five of six sessions. USA regained the lead 179 to 173 with games swings on the 83rd, 84th, and 85th deals.
During the up and down finish, Japan scored just well enough to win, including a decisive 3 IMP on the final deal where South declared four spades at both tables. Japan defeated that contract by three tricks, USA by only one trick.
The Seniors field of 32 played round-robin in two groups of 16, each with 7 teams from Europe.
The first eight in each group, the top half, qualified for the knockout stage, led by eventual silver and bronze medalists USA and Indonesia. Japan and Australia scored well and ranked second by big margins.
The Senior field proved to be better-balanced than the others geographically, as the Europeans scored only about average overall and earned merely 7 of 16 knockout slots, joined by USA, Canada, Egypt, Pakistan, Japan, China Taipei, China Hong Kong, Indonesia, and Australia.
In the round of 16 (one day, four sessions, 56 deals), Japan and Germany played a close match throughout. Two other matches were ultimately close, as Australia and Egypt survived big rallies in the last quarter. China Hong Kong and China Taipei (*) scored poorly and withdrew after three quarters.
In the two-day quarterfinal matches (six sessions, 96 deals), three of the winners led by significant margins after the first of two days while Indonesia trailed Netherlands 81 to 98 but scored very well on the second day to win comfortably. Against Japan, England (*) withdrew after five of six sessions.
In 2005 and 2007, USA teams had won the last two Senior Bowls, the odd-year world championships, while Indonesia had won both silver medals. Egypt and Japan had no recent success in the Seniors or any other category.(#)
In the two-day semifinals (six sessions, 96 deals), USA led Egypt 81 to 9 IMP after the first of six sessions; Egypt did not close the margin and withdrew with one session unplayed. Japan won a close match with Indonesia, leading by 9 after five sessions but losing 14 IMP on the first deal of the final session when Indonesia bid and made 6D in one room and defeated it in the other.
Indonesia jumped ahead by 36 in the first of three sessions (48 deals) and won the bronze medal comfortably.
Transnational Mixed Teams.
"Mixed" means that a team must always be represented at the tables in play (normally two) by "mixed" partnerships of one man and one woman. "Transnational" means that four to six players regardless of nationality may compose a team (including at least two men and two women, for mixed play).
Like the Seniors, the Mixed Teams was not a WMSG medal event. It is an official world championship tournament but a secondary one. This rendition was played on the last six days of the Games, concurrently with the quarterfinal, semifinal, and final knockout matches for national teams.
Furthermore, members of quarterfinal-losing teams in the main events were welcome to enter new teams in the Mixed on the third of four days preliminary play. 
This year 116 teams played on the first two days, 118 on the next two days. There were four belated entries
assigned a tie for 15th place
and evidently two dropouts. 
One of the drop-in was Sabine Auken of Germany with three men and one woman from Poland.
Auken was the defending 2004 champion captain, from the last Olympiad, playing with new teammates.
In fact Auken scored very well and climbed to second place while two more of those belated entries scored well and advanced to the knockout stage; all three won round of 16 matches.
The tournament comprised 3-1/2 days of 10-deal matches followed by 20 deals in the round of 16 matches, 24-deal quarterfinals, 32-deal semifinals, and a 48-deal final coinciding with the second day of the 96-deal finals in the main events.(# complex!)
The gold and bronze medalists were in fact uni-national teams from Taipei and China respectively, while the silver medalist called "Russia" was trans-national from Russia and Belarus.
Youth.
For the inaugural Games there were national teams, pairs, and individual events for participants under age 28 (U28). Hereafter the youth events for teams, pairs, and individuals will all use the age limits that are familiar in international bridge, U26 and U21. 
Maybe.
Norway and Chinese Taipei advanced to the 8-team knockout stage in all three Teams categories, where France, Denmark, and Norway won the gold medals. Three young men from Turkey won the Pairs and Individuals championships, the first medals for Turkey in world bridge competition, only a few months after its first gold medal in European competition (Senior Teams).
The three Teams tournaments were contested in parallel during the first ten days of the Games. After one week of short matches, the leading teams played one-day quarterfinal, semifinal, and final knockout matches.
More conditions of contest: Three round-robin leaders sequentially choose their quarter-final opponents from the 5th to 8th qualifiers. Then (before quarterfinals are played) one round-robin leader sets the semifinal matches. Seating rights for every match are determined by coin toss: the winner chooses to take seats before or after its opponent in one of the three sessions; the loser chooses one of two remaining sessions; the winner gets the remaining session.
U21 Teams.
France defeated England 149 to 125 IMP in the final of the established Youngsters category, under age 21. 
England had qualified first and France second among 18 teams in the preliminary round-robin that advanced eight to knockout play. In fact, they led by a wide margin with 20.6 and 20.5 VP per match, third place only 18.2.
This was the third world tournament for Youngsters Teams (U21) and the first win for France.
China defeated Norway by 9 IMP in the quarterfinal, with a final-session rally (44–14) and 12 IMP carryover from their round-robin match, the only U21 match where carryover was decisive.
With one short match to play, five teams had practically secured knockout slots, but "there was a desperate battle in the last round to settle the remaining three places."
Poland and Singapore were disappointed.
U26 Teams.
Denmark defeated Poland 208 to 137 IMP in the final of the established Juniors category, under age 26, primarily by winning the first and fourth quarters 67–17 and 59–4. 
Poland had qualified first and Denmark second among 18 teams in a round-robin stage that advanced eight to the knockout stage diagrammed here. Poland scored 19.9 VP per match, Denmark merely 17.8 (13 teams scored 14.0 or better)
This was the twelfth world tournament for Juniors Teams (U26) and the second win for Denmark, after 1997.
Poland survived a big final-session rally (20–56) to defeat USA by 9 IMP in the quarterfinal, with 12 IMP carryover from their round-robin match, the only U26 match where carryover was decisive.
After 16 of 17 rounds, seven teams were secure or nearly so with one more in a very strong position.
Chinese Taipei faced Germany and scored the maximum 25 VP, four more than necessary to surpass them (21–9).
U28 Teams.
Norway edged Poland 118.7 to 116 IMP in the final of the special under-28 category, primarily by scoring two-thirds of its points during a huge fourth quarter, 76–26, but the 4.7 IMP carryover ("c/o") was also decisive. 
Norway had defeated Poland 48–34 in the 17th and last match of the preliminary Swiss, a margin worth 4.7 (one-third) in the knockout stage.
With that 17th-hour preliminary win, Norway had placed eighth of 74 teams by a single point ahead of USA. Poland had qualified first with 18.6 VP per match, ahead of France 18.0.
The carryover from round-robin matches was decisive only in the final.
After 16 rounds, the first 23 of 74 teams with at least 254 VP were mathematically viable. Seven were at least strong favorites to advance, with six more close contenders for the last slot.
Norway faced Poland, nominally the toughest final match, and won 18 VP to 12. India and Indonesia were defeated while USA scored 23 VP against Czechia, a big win but one point short of what the Americans needed.
Youth Pairs.
The Pairs tournament would proceed over five days, second Saturday to Wednesday, beginning in parallel with quarterfinal Teams matches and ending with two days following the Teams conclusion. There would be three stages with two flights at each stage: four sessions qualifying, three sessions semifinal, and three sessions final.
At stage three the upper flight would award medals and the "world champion" title. From stage one to two, and stage two to three, many leaders from upper flight A and few leaders from B would advance to the next A while the remainder who chose to continue would compose the next B. Members of 24 Teams quarterfinalists, as many as 72 pairs, would be welcome to "drop in" after concluding their Teams play; quarterfinal losers would bypass the first stage of Pairs and quarterfinal winners would bypass the first two stages. In effect, team play qualified them for the pairs semifinal or final.
The upper flights would have 120, 120, and 96 pairs while the lower flight sizes would depend on the numbers of initial entrants, drop-ins from teams, and drop-outs. Members of quarterfinal teams would be welcome to join the upper flight of Pairs after concluding team play: to enter the medal flight after Teams semifinals and finals or to enter stage two A after losing the Teams quarterfinals. At stage one, A would comprise players from middle-ranking teams and B players from low-ranking teams plus any newcomers(#). Along with late entries from high-ranking teams, stage two A would be filled by the leaders of stage one A and B in 3:1 ratio (at least 63 and 21 pairs); the medal flight would be filled by the leaders of stage two A and B in 9:1 ratio (at least 54 and 6 pairs).
In fact there were about 200, about 190, and 136 pairs at each stage. Actually 68 and 22 pairs advanced from stage one A and B to semifinal A, implying 30 belated entries from teams;
59 and 6 pairs advanced from semifinal A and B to the medal flight, implying 31 belated entries from teams.
The champion pair Şakirler—Şen climbed from 28th after one and 18th place after two of three final sessions, just above 54% and then 55%.
It was their second big comeback, for they ranked 85th in stage one A, before winning semifinal B where only six slots in the medal flight were available.
Before the last round of two deals, the Turkey and Israel pairs were nearly secure in the first two places. Playing at different tables, Israel scored well enough to secure second; Turkey bid 7NT on the final deal, which was too ambitious a contract in theory, but successful in fact.
European pairs filled the first eight places and Poland placed four in the top ten. The leading non-European pairs placed 9th (Taipei), 11 and 12 (China), and 13 (USA)
Youth Individuals.
Individuals played four sessions on the last two days of the Games, after the conclusion of other youth bridge events.
Dropouts were not permitted.
WBF competition for individuals requires that everyone use a stipulated bidding system that is published in advance. In Beijing, the medal flight of Youth used the same system as the Men and Women while the lower flights of Youth used a much simpler system. 
Balanced competition for individuals is possible only with a few specific numbers of players such as 52, the number selected for the Games. There would be four or five Individual flights A to D or E, pending the number of entries. Flights would compete separately with three medals and one "world champion" title earned in group A: those 48 entrants who ranked highest in the Pairs final plus those 4 entrants who ranked highest in the Pairs consolation (52 players). Among Pairs competitors who elected to enter, the next 48 finalists and 4 from consolation would compose Group B, and similarly for C. As many as 48 more Pairs finalists would be in D, while other entrants would complete Group D and constitute E if necessary.
In fact there were 220 entries placed in four groups of size 52, 52, 64, and 52.(# complex) Overnight, Johansen of Norway led with 57.90%; eventual gold and silver medalists Anter and Nistor stood fourth and sixth.
In the middle of the last session, Anter was leading and scored very well on two deals against the player standing third. 
He went on to win by a huge margin. 
Players from twelve different countries won the three medals and the nine certificates awarded in lower groups.
On the other hand, youth bridge powerhouse Poland placed twelve people in the medal flight, where five finished in the top ten; only one player in the second flight; none in the third or fourth flight.
Europeans filled the top fourteen ranks and there were only nine non-Europeans in the medal flight (52): seven players from China placed 15th, 17th, and below median; one from USA placed 23rd; one from Taipei placed below median.
Anter finished 17th as a pair with Omer Kizilok; Şakirler 40th and Şen 22nd as individuals.
The gold medals by Şakirler–Şen and Anter were the first world championships at bridge for Turkey, only a few months after Turkey's first European championship, which the senior national team won in June.
References.
"Daily Bulletin": Youth series. Bulletins (directory). 1st World Mind Sports Games. 3–18 October 2008. World Bridge Federation. Retrieved 2011-11-dd.
—WBF contemporary coverage includes PDF editions of three "Daily Bulletin" series published in Beijing: one produced by IMSA covering the Games in general; two produced by the WBF covering the youth bridge events and all other bridge events.

</doc>
<doc id="19715754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715754" title="Theodore Lukens">
Theodore Lukens

Theodore Parker Lukens (October 6, 1848 – July 1, 1918) was an American conservationist, real estate investor, civic leader, and forester who believed that burned over mountains could again be covered in timber which would protect watersheds. Lukens collected pine cones and seeds of different types and conducted experimental plantings on the mountain slopes above Pasadena, California. His perseverance earned him the name "Father of Forestry."
Lukens established Henninger Flats tree nursery, which provided seed stock for an estimated 70,000 trees.
He worked for the United States Forest Service and was acting supervisor of the San Gabriel Timberland Reserve and the San Bernardino Forest Reserve in 1906.
Lukens served two terms as mayor of Pasadena and was active in municipal and civic affairs of early-day Pasadena. Lukens remained prominent in civic and conservation issues until his death in 1918.
Reforestation.
Lukens was interested in growing plants, even before moving out to Southern California from Illinois, where he had owned and operated a nursery in Whiteside County, Illinois. By 1882 the Lukens family established a home in Pasadena. Lukens already knew of the hardwoods in his native Midwest but now the former nurseryman sought to learn about the native and non-native trees of Southern California. Among them: live oak, pepper, camphor, umbrella, eucalyptus and various citrus trees.
Lukens undertook several expeditions to study the San Gabriel and San Bernardino Mountains from 1897 to 1899. He learned the "paradise" of Southern California had some serious problems as well. The increased use and misuse of resources by miners, loggers and livestock owners had devastated the lands. Wildfires caused the worst damage due to the Mediterranean climate of long, hot and dry summers which turned fires into infernos, leaving behind burned and bare hillsides, resulting in erosion and flooding during the rainy season.
Among the different species of trees Lukens studied, the knobcone pine was the best choice he believed, for its fire-resistant properties. The cones, which are embedded in the tree, only open and release seeds after a wildfire. He learned how to open the cones by boiling them and the method of watering and care that produced seedlings. The cone is sealed by a glaze-like resin and only opens after melting from heat of at least 200 °F (93 °C). The knobcone is well suited for reforestation as it grows on rocky hillsides in serpentine or granitic soil. Botanist Willis Linn Jepson observed that the knobcone grows on sites that are the "most hopelessly inhospitable in the California mountains".
Lukens' belief in the solution of tree planting was shown by lectures he gave, as well as writings and photographs he prepared. His proposals gained support. In 1899, William Kerckhoff, president of the Forest and Water Association, paid for $50 worth of seed to give University of Southern California forestry students for planting, and in a two-week period, more than 60,000 seeds were sown by the young foresters. The next year Lukens, with support by the Forest and Water Association, planted several thousand knobcone and ponderosa pine seeds in the San Gabriel mountains above Altadena, California. Lukens' reported to the association that "ridges and crowns of hills were selected, that when the trees came into fruiting the seed would be cast in different directions down steep slopes."
On a wider scale, the conservation movement was gaining momentum throughout California. In 1899, 24 organizations met in San Francisco and formed The California Society for Conserving Water and Protecting Forests. Another group formed was The Forest and Water Society of Southern California, composed of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce and the Southern California Academy of Science.
Tree nursery at Henninger Flats.
In 1903, Lukens expanded the tree-planting enterprise with a lease on the Henninger property for the US Forest Service, of which he was an employee. Chief Forester Gifford Pinchot approved the lease in October 1903 for the clearing of . Reforestation became official policy. Improvements included a 48' by 60' lath house and rabbit-proof fence. The first firebreak constructed in the San Gabriel Reserve was around Henninger Flats to protect the site. Lukens worked to make Henninger Flats a high elevation tree nursery that would produce seedlings for reforestation and watershed restoration efforts.<br>
Lukens and his assistants grew more than 60,000 experimental tree seedlings at the nursery. Most of the 1,000 trees that were planted in the San Gabriel and San Bernardino reserves for the Forest Service were grown at the nursery during 1903-1907. Locally, the nursery provided 17,000 seedlings for Los Angeles' Griffith Park, the second-largest city park in California. The nursery received many orders for seed and seedlings from foresters worldwide, including Chile and Australia. Galen Clark, former Guardian of the Yosemite Grant, approved massive tree plantings, and declared this a "grand enterprise..." in a 1904 letter to Lukens.
In 1907, John Muir visited the tree nursery and was greatly impressed by the work done at the site. "A Los Angeles Times" article in June, 1912 compared Lukens to the famed Johnny Appleseed. Locally, his work at Henninger Flats was recognized when the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors and George H. Maxwell, executive director of the National Reclamation Association, inspected the tree nursery and nearby slopes, accompanied by Lukens. Afterwards, the Pasadena "Star", on June 21, 1915 reported-
"It was truthfully and justly the proudest moment of Mr. Lukens' life. His work was ranked by the speakers as among the most important for the future of Southern California and as a climax Mr. Maxwell said that in his years of travel and investigation of reclamation projects he had found none more of importance to mankind than the thing Mr. Lukens had done in solving the problem of reforestation of denuded watershed areas."
Although Lukens' work was recognized by fellow Southern Californians, the Forest Service had a different view.
The Henninger Flats nursery was closed by the Forest Service in 1908 and moved to Lytle Creek. In a 'doleful' report written in 1912, the tree planting efforts on the national forest lands were deemed a failure by Assistant Chief of Silviculture T.D. Woodbury. The Forest Service's determined efforts to convert indigenous chaparral into forests fell short due to rabbits, rodents and a baking-hot sun and the project was eventually abandoned. Woodbury's report also suggested that tree planting become a research subject and recommended it be assigned to the newly established Feather River Experiment Station, located in the Plumas National Forest.
Lukens had chosen the property for good reason-he had visited the site back in 1892 along with R.J. Busch, a Los Angeles businessman, and with the owner 's permission, they started the first experimental reforestation in California on the property by planting some selected conifers there. Those selected conifers were thriving when Lukens made a return visit about ten years later.
History of property.
The landowner was businessman Peter Stiel who acquired the parcel through the Homestead Act. In August, 1893, Steil then sold it to his friend William Henninger who had been living on the property since 1884. The price of this parcel had increased by 2800% in a single year. The Southern California real estate boom evidently included the mountainsides.
Forester.
Lukens worked for the US Forest Service from 1900 to 1906. His first association with the agency was through Muir, who recommended him to Chief Forester Gifford Pinchot in 1899. Next, State Senator Delos Arnold, a prominent Pasadenan, recommended Lukens and by May 1, 1900, Lukens was offered the honorary position of Collaborater at $300 a year. His duties included investigative trips and he wrote detailed reports on other forests, as well as attended meetings and conventions. In 1906 he was promoted to the position of Acting Supervisor and was in charge of the San Bernardino Forest Reserve and the San Gabriel Timberland Reserve. The San Gabriel Reserve was the first federal reserve established in the state.
Lukens knew how serious the threat of wildfire was in the mountains and pushed for more firefighters, which the Forest Service granted. A joint survey by the state of California and the US Forest Service (then Bureau of Forestry) found the forest conditions in deplorable shape. Watersheds were being damaged yearly by fire, overgrazing, and land clearing. Logging had badly deteriorated the forests. The survey results produced several actions, one of which was the passage by the California legislature of the Forest Protection Act that created a State Board of Forestry with a State Forester. 
Lukens hired 55 men for firefighting and other duties, but less than one year later, he was instructed to reduce the force to 25 which he found unacceptable. He wrote letters to Pinchot and influential friends in an attempt to bring political pressure to rescind the order. To complicate matters, he had requested and been granted a three-month personal leave of absence.
While Lukens was on vacation in Yosemite, Chief Pinchot transferred him from supervisor and into a "special position" with forestry extension services. The agency also made expense and payroll mistakes which cost him money, He tendered his 11-word resignation on August 12, 1906 which also ended his work at Henninger Flats.
Conservationist.
Lukens made several trips to Yosemite National Park, each time his interest in every aspect of nature intensified, and led to research, correspondence and interviews with experts for whom he collected various specimens and photographed specific items.
Lukens joined the fledgling Sierra Club in 1894 after a visit to Yosemite and the Sierra Nevada Mountains. A self-taught photographer, he prepared albums of 100 to 150 photos of trees and mountains for friends such as Senator John Bard and Alice Eastwood, botanist at the California Academy of Sciences, among others.
One particular trip in 1895 to Yosemite's Hetch Hetchy Valley was for the sole purpose of meeting the famed conservationist John Muir, who was reported to be roaming the valley. Lukens outfitted himself at Crocker's Station, a stagecoach stop and resort, with food, two pack animals and Elwell the guide. A few miles south of the valley, he came across a man wearing a rumpled suit, vest, white shirt; without food, pack animals or companions. 
He was indeed Muir, and Lukens persuaded him to join his well-stocked entourage and they headed back to Hetch Hetchy Valley, but only after Lukens took a photo to memorialize the event. The photogragh is titled "John Muir Resting". The two men discussed topics on forest preservation, as well as watershed restoration and Southern California wildfires. Muir was familiar with Southern California, having visited and climbed there in 1887.
Lukens and Muir discovered that they shared a friend: Jeanne Smith Carr. Her husband, Dr. Ezra Carr had been Muir's professor in Natural Science at the State University of Wisconsin. The Carrs had moved to Pasadena in the 1880s. Lukens was on several Pasadena committees with Jeanne Carr and shared an interest in tree-growing.
As the two mountaineers, Muir and Lukens, explored the area, Lukens studied pine trees, soil types and growth habits, noticed height and age, and as always, collected pine cones and absorbed Muir's essays on conifers.
The sugar pine was Muir's favorite, which he described as "surpassing all others, not merely in size but in lordly beauty and majesty." The sugar pine is the largest and tallest pine of the pine trees with recorded heights exceeding , and has the longest cones, up to in length. During the last week of the trip, they camped at Tenaya Lake, where they met Gertrude Towne and Nellie Anderson and their mule, Plumduff. Muir and Lukens led the intrepid adventuresses up Mt. Conness to the summit at where Miss Towne drew sketches of the distinctive peak. Mount Dana, elevation , was climbed the next day by the group before Muir had to return home to Martinez. Muir sent Lukems a copy of "Picturesque California", volume II with a note to read Jeanne Carr's chapter on Los Angeles County. Lukens and Muir maintained a friendship until Muir's death in 1914.
Sierra Club.
At Muir's urging, Lukens became actively involved in several Sierra Club campaigns: to purchase privately held toll roads for public use into Yosemite National Park, and to protect Hetch Hetchy Valley in Yosemite.
John Muir, now president of the Sierra Club, appointed Lukens to the Club committee of Publications & Communications and directed him to write articles and speak about government-owned toll roads and of California relinquishing both Yosemite Valley and the Mariposa Grove of Big Trees to the federal government, which were then under state management.
In a letter to Lukens, Muir urged Lukens to "stir up the Senate Interior Section and make their lives wretched until they do what is right for the woods."
Lukens corresponded with various people and local newspapers concerning the Sierra Club campaign. In a letter to the Pasadena "Daily News", Lukens wrote-
"The small portion of this great park now owned and controlled by the State of California should be receded to the national government, and have it all under one management. then there would be no need of petition for roads. The whole park would be cared for as the Yellowstone now is..." -Pasadena "Daily News",undated.
Lukens spent most of 1896 actively involved in the politics of conservation, except for three months spent mountaineering in Yosemite, which ended in controversy a year later.
He was accompanied by Walter Richardson, a young Pasadenian. Both Lukens and Richardson wrote about the horseback trip for the Sierra Club "Bulletin" and the weekly Pasadena newspaper "Town Talk". Highlights of the expedition included trail-building into steep Tehipite Valley, which Richardson named "Lukens Trail". (A young hiker by the name of Amy Racina would write a non-fiction book of her fall, survival and rescue in this same valley in 2003.)
They had special permission to carry firearms for "personal protection" only, as no hunting was allowed in the park. While the men stayed at a private cattlemen's cabin, five bears were killed.
No guilty conscience appears in Lukens' journals, possibly because he was on private land. The United States Army was the park's law enforcement and viewed the situation as a violation of the permit. The reports and the permit were sent to the Sierra Club in January, 1897.
The incident led to an exchange of letters between Lukens and Muir. Lukens was unapologetic about the hunting incident but Muir in turn advocated the creation of wildlife refuges within the national park and forest reservations. "Sort of a wild beast paradise," Muir described it in a letter to Lukens. Both Muir and Lukens continued their conservation efforts. 
During 1897 Both Lukens and Muir were active in different areas of the evolving conservation movement. "I've been writing about the forests, doing what little I can to save them," Muir wrote to a colleague, Henry Fairfield Osborne. Lukens that year began his campaign for watershed protection of the San Gabriel Reserve. He advocated fire protection, tree planting and removal of stockmen from the reserve. He and others undertook two pack trips into the reserve in 1897 and one expedition in 1998. Lukens wrote little, but was a prolific photographer, documenting trees, rocks and conditions during the pack trips. Lukens was often quoted in newspapers, because he gave talks to community groups about his ideas for preserving the watersheds. In an 1898 article in the "Los Angeles Times", Lukens was quoted terming the driving of stock in the mountains as "Hoofed Locusts." His argument (and Muir's) was that sheep destroyed the mountain meadows by grazing away all vegetation and that stockman were guilty of setting wildfires at the end of the season to create more meadow for the following year. 
Lukens's first tree planting expedition on the mountain ridges occurred in 1900. Fifteen years later the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors ascended Mt. Wilson to view the earlier work: "As the father of reforestation of these mountains, it was a happy day for T.P. Lukens who went with the party and looked with a feeling of pride on the result of his efforts many years ago," The "Los Angeles Times" reported June 12, 1915. Although Lukens' advocacy of reforestation was well received by local officials, it does not appear that further reforestation efforts were carried out. The 1915 article went on to predict, "as a result of this foresight and the trip yesterday, 1,000,000 trees perhaps will be planted on the barren and burned stretches of the mountains this year." No news report exists indicating the plan was carried out. Lukens was then four months shy of his 67th birthday.
Early life.
Lukens was born into a German Quaker family in Ohio on October 6, 1848. When Lukens was 6 years old, the family moved to Illinois and began a nursery business. He enlisted in the US Cavalry at 20 and two years later received an honorable discharge. After military service, he married his first wife, Charlotte Dyer. He began his own nursery business in Whiteside County, Illinois growing fruit and ornamental trees. The nursery also included a floral department. He involved himself in local community affairs, including the job of tax collector from 1873 to 1876.
Their only child, Helen was born January 9, 1872 and when she turned 8, he moved the family to California to improve a deteriorating financial and health situation.
Pasadena settlement.
The Lukens family settled in Pasadena in December, 1880. Theodore Lukens was active in his new community and by 1884, he was elected Justice of the Peace, as well as a member of the new Republican Committee.
Two years later, the Southern California land boom swept Lukens, the first real estate agent in Pasadena, into a wealthy position. He is credited with selling his large interests in the Raymond Tract, one of the earliest subdivisions of acreage at the time. 
The year 1886 was a busy one, the town of Pasadena incorporated on June 14, the Pasadena National Bank began accepting deposits and the 201-room Raymond Hotel opened in November for snow-weary guests. Lukens' was able to semi-retire from his real estate business, he sold his properties and traveled. He wrote the first advertising booklet for the town, in the hope of getting the hotel guests to settle in Pasadena. Rich in superlatives, the booklet is titled "Pasadena, California, Illustrated and Described" and is now a collector's piece.
In April, 1888, the Board of Trade was organized with Lukens as a charter member. The Board was an early-day chamber of commerce for Pasadena, to attract industry and promote the city.
Pasadena's public library opened in 1890, with support of Lukens in fundraiser events such as the 10-day Art Loan Exhibit on February, 1889. Each day had a different historical theme with speeches by well-known people. On Russian Day Lukens exhibited his Alaskan artifacts. On Forestry Day, the speakers were Abbot Kinney, the State Forestry Commissioner and Jessie Benton Fremont, wife of John Fremont. The new library's dedication ceremony included Lukens, Kinney and Amos G. Throop, a Pasadena Trustee (city councilmember).
In 1891, Lukens was a cashier for the Pasadena National Bank and by 1895, bank president. He helped the local banking industry during the Panic of 1893 by enlisting aid from bankers in Los Angeles. Although short-lived, the Panic of 1893 was severe with over 150 national and 172 state bank failures.
Mayor.
Lukens served as president (mayor) of Pasadena twice; the first two-year term was 1890–1892 and a partial term from 1894 to 1895 when he was replaced by John S. Cox. Lukens's second term as Mayor ended on January 2, 1895 as he was summarily "retired" from office because he refused to endorse a resolution allowing a franchise by Southern Pacific Railroad for a railway through Arroyo Parkway to Broadway Street to Green Street. There was already a Santa Fe line, the electric Mount Lowe Railway to Echo Mountain and a local rail line to Los Angeles. The council voted against their president and for the franchise and Lukens left with his convictions intact. Public opinion was expressed in newspapers and favored Lukens' decision. "To be disposed from a position for no other fault than standing for principles, is an honor rather than a disgrace", commented the Los Angeles Daily "Hotel Gazette".
During Lukens' first term as mayor, he had the pleasure of receiving two dignitaries: President Benjamin Harrison and First Lady Caroline, who visited Pasadena on March 23 and 24, 1891 during their tour of the west.
Lukens was a member of many local boards and committees, such as the Pasadena World's Fair Committee and provided orange trees and 60 palm trees for the exhibit in the World's Columbian Exposition held in Chicago, Illinois in 1892 that commemorated the 400th anniversary of America's discovery by Christopher Columbus. He was awarded a medal of honor with his name inscribed. In addition, Lukens served as president of Pasadena Mutual Building and Loan Association, board member of two schools which were the Los Angeles State Normal School (college) and California Institute of Technology, and he was a member of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce.
Later years.
Lukens became a grandfather in 1891 to Charlotte (or "Lottie") Jones, and in 1893, Ralph Jones.
The health of Lukens and his wife Charlotte was declining by 1903, and Charlotte died on December, 1905. Lukens then requested his three-month leave of absence from the Forest Service. Lukens remarried July, 1906 to Hannah Sybil Swett, a long-time family friend and Christian Scientist. He subsequently adopted his wife's religion.
In his waning years, Lukens remained active in local affairs and conservation. He promoted the establishment of a park above Devil's Gate Dam, which eventually became a reality as Oak Grove Park. Two months before his death, Lukens wrote a report on conservation and forestry for the annual meeting of the Bureau of Forestry. 
Theodore Lukens died July 1, 1918 and is buried next to his first wife at Mountain View Cemetery in Altadena, California. H. Sybil Swett Lukens died in December of that same year.
The "Los Angeles Times" published an obituary on Theodore Lukens on July 5, 1918, which stated in part, "There is a new, growing forest of neglected pine trees on the slopes of the Sierras Gabriel Mountains above Pasadena that stand as a living proof that Lukens could have reforested our mountains if we had only given him the help he asked. He would have restored to us the lost beauty of the hills and he would have, at the same time, saved us from a disaster which may one day overtake us."
A Lukens Memorial Forestry Society was begun by poet John S. McGroarty and Marshall V. Hartranft, co-founder of the socialist Little Lands Colony. The Society fostered reforestation and endured until the 1950s.
Helen Lukens.
Helen became a published writer and photographer of some note during the first decade of the 20th century. The photograph of John Muir on the introductory page of Linnie Marsh Wolf's Pulitzer prize-winning biography of Muir was taken by Helen Lukens.
She was married in 1890 to Edward Everett Jones, the Bank of Pasadena cashier who replaced Lukens, and they had two children, Charlotte ("Lottie") and Ralph. Lottie became a favorite of John Muir and she considered him a second father. The marriage to Edward Jones did not last, and in 1906, Helen married James H. Gaut.
Helen Lukens Jones was the first woman to travel by automobile up the Mount Wilson Toll Road Company's nine-mile (14 km)-long, narrow, 10% grade road that went from Eaton Canyon through Henninger Flats and then to the summit.
Decades after her father's death, Helen sold his records, diaries and papers to the Huntington Library which are now used in various studies. The collection is over 3,600 pieces.
Tributes.
The "Father of Forestry" Theodore Lukens is memorialized today with a mountain, a lake in Yosemite, and his home listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Sister Elsie Peak was renamed to Mount Lukens by the Forest Service in the 1920s. Mount Lukens is the highest point within the city limits of Los Angeles at an elevation of 5,066 feet (1,544 m).
Robert Bradford Marshall, a 30-year veteran of the US Geological Survey named a lake in Yosemite National Park for Lukens in 1894.
The Lukens family home on 267 N. El Molino Avenue in Pasadena was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 29, 1984. The house was designed by Harry Ridgeway, who also designed the city jail and some of Pasadena's early Methodist and Episcopal churches.

</doc>
<doc id="19715755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715755" title="U-239">
U-239

U239 or U-239 may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19715761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715761" title="U17">
U17

U17 or U-17 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715778" title="U18">
U18

U18 or U-18 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19715799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715799" title="Stadionul Minerul (Lupeni)">
Stadionul Minerul (Lupeni)

Minerul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lupeni, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Minerul Lupeni. The stadium holds 3,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19715803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715803" title="Salting (confidence trick)">
Salting (confidence trick)

In mineral exploration, salting is the process of adding gold or silver to an ore sample to change the value of the ore with intent to deceive, cheat or defraud any person. In the US state of Arizona it is a class 6 felony. A famous example of salting is the former Canadian gold company Bre-X, which salted its core drill samples, leading investors to believe that they were in possession of one of the largest gold reserves ever discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19715820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715820" title="Oleg Vlasov">
Oleg Vlasov

Oleg Sergeyevich Vlasov (; born December 10, 1984 in Priladozhsky, Leningrad Oblast, Russia) is an association football player who plays for FC Torpedo Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19715824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715824" title="House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1949">
House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1949

The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1949 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that provided for the periodic review of the number and boundaries of parliamentary constituencies.
The Act amended the rules for the distribution of seats to be followed by the boundary commissions for each of the constituent countries of the United Kingdom. The commissions had been created under the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1944, and their initial reviews of constituencies had been implemented by the Representation of the People Act 1948.
Under the 1949 Act, each commission was to make its first periodic report within seven years of the passing of the Representation of the People Act 1948. Subsequent reports were to be issued not less than three and not more than seven years after the first periodic report. Reports were to be made to the Home Secretary, and were to contain the proposed constituency boundaries. The Home Secretary could then issue a draft Order in Council, to be approved by both houses of parliament. Once approved, the draft order would be presented to the Privy Council, and enacted via a statutory instrument. Any changes in seats would not take place until the next dissolution of parliament and calling of a general election.
Rules for redistribution of seats.
The Act contained a number of rules to guide the work of the commissions.
Rules on dividing and combining counties and districts.
"As far as practicable" in England and Wales: 
In Scotland:
In Northern Ireland: 
Electorate.
The electorate of any constituency was to be as close as possible to an "electoral quota" ensuring even distribution of parliamentary representation within each of the commission areas. Where there was a large disparity between electorates, the commissions were empowered to override the rules on dividing and combining areas.
The electoral quota was obtained by dividing the total electorate for either Great Britain or Northern Ireland by the number of allocated seats.
Special geographical considerations.
Each commission were allowed to depart from the rules on areas or electorate in special cases ""including in particular the size, shape and accessibility of a constituency"" in order to form constituencies.
Amendment and repeal.
The 1949 Act was amended by the House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1958. The 1958 legislation removed the Director General of the Ordnance Survey from each commission, and in each case appointed a judge to be deputy chairman. It also modified the definition of the term "electoral quota" so that in future the total electorate of each part of Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) was to have a different quota, calculated by dividing by the number of constituencies then in existence. A new procedure was established, forcing a local inquiry to be held where there were large numbers of objections to changes. 
The House of Commons (Redistribution of Seats) Act 1979 amended the 1949 Act in respect to Northern Ireland, increasing the number of constituencies in the province to 17 in number. Northern Ireland had been under-represented in the Commons to compensate for the existence of a devolved parliament. However, this had been abolished in 1973. The number of seats could be decreased to 16 or increased to 18 in the future.
The 1949, 1958 and 1979 Acts were repealed by the Parliamentary Constituencies Act 1986, which remains the current primary legislation governing allocation of constituencies.

</doc>
<doc id="19715825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715825" title="Fletcher's Ice Island">
Fletcher's Ice Island

Fletcher's Ice Island or T-3 was an iceberg discovered by U.S. Air Force Colonel Joseph O. Fletcher. Between 1952 and 1978 it was used as a manned scientific research station that included huts, a power plant, and a runway for wheeled aircraft. The iceberg was a thick tabular sheet of glacial ice that drifted throughout the central Arctic Ocean in a clockwise direction. First inhabited in 1952 as an arctic weather report station, it was abandoned in 1954 but reinhabited on two subsequent occasions. The station was inhabited mainly by scientists along with a few military crewmen and was resupplied during its existence primarily by military planes operating from Barrow, Alaska. The iceberg was later occupied by the Naval Arctic Research Laboratory, and served as a base of operations for the Navy's arctic research projects such as sea bottom and ocean swell studies, seismographic activities, meteorological studies and other classified projects under the direction of the Department of Defense. Before the era of satellites, the research station on T-3 had been a valuable site for measurements of the atmosphere in the Arctic.
Overview.
Produced by the northern coast of Ellesmere Island, the iceberg T-3 was a very large tabular iceberg. This 7 by 3 mile kidney-shaped iceberg was discovered near the North Pole by researchers studying the Arctic haze during the spring and summer. Although the thickness of the iceberg was 125 feet and it weighed over seven billion tons, it rose only ten feet above the surrounding ice packs and was virtually indistinguishable from the pack ice at any distance.
The temporary station consisting of insulated huts was first assembled by the U.S. Military, and by the end of May, 1957, a 1500-meter-long runway and most of the station's 26 Jamesway huts had been completed, allowing the commencing of scientific operations. A team of scientists led by Alfred P. Crary arrived later and performed numerous scientific investigations including hydrographic measurements, seismic soundings, and meteorological observations. In general, 25- to 30-man military crews and scientists manned the camp at any one time.
The resupply was mostly operated during the winter period while the runway was suitable for aircraft landing. This also indicated operating during the most severe weather conditions, such as very low ceilings and prevailing reduced visibility. Accurate weather forecasting was not available until much later, due to the absence of reporting stations and the distance to travel over remote arctic wastes. Winds in excess of 45 knots and temperatures below minus 30° Fahrenheit had also been recorded at both stations during resupply operations. Resupply for T-3 was hampered by a mix of varying obstacles. Due to the iceberg's constantly moving location, resupply had to be operated from two air bases Point Barrow, Alaska and Thule Air Base, Greenland. At that time, flights were conducted without navigational aids, and the aircraft landing on the constantly moving iceberg T-3 was performed solely by dead reckoning and celestial grid navigation, which was often hampered by long periods of twilight which prevented celestial observation. Also, because the nearest alternate air bases were away, potential in-flight emergencies could result in fatal outcomes. In this regard, pilots and their crews had to calculate cargo and fuel loads precisely to insure not only a safe landing but also a safe return from the iceberg.
History 1946–1965.
Iceberg T-3 had once been reported to have been identified during World War II, but there are several conflicting reports in regard to when the iceberg was actually "discovered". Concerned about Soviet postwar activities in the Arctic, the U.S. Air Force initiated B-29 reconnaissance flights over the Arctic region beginning in 1946, and, by 1951, the reconnaissance trips to the North Pole were being implemented on daily basis. During the reconnaissance flights, several large icebergs were discovered, and the following year of 1952, the Alaska Air Command established a project in order to establish a weather station on one of the icebergs and conduct geophysical and oceanographic research. Joseph O. Fletcher, who was the Commanding Officer of a U.S. Air Force weather squadron stationed in the Arctic right after the World War II, was placed in charge of the entire project.
In March 1952, Thule Air Base sent C-47 aircraft to T-3, and several research stations were installed on the iceberg's flat surface. The stations were abandoned in May 1954, when the weather observations were deemed redundant, but were reoccupied from April to September 1955. In April 1957, the station "ALPHA" was installed on the iceberg, which was the first long-term scientific base in the Arctic operated by a Western country. However, at the time of its establishment, the Soviets had already operated six drifting iceberg stations of this kind. 
In April 1958, several large crackings were observed around the ALPHA, and the station was forced to relocate itself 2 km away from its original location. In August 1958, after the US Submarine USS Skate made a visit to the station ALPHA, the surrounding ice ground began cracking and ridging again, so the station was finally abandoned in November 1958. However, the U.S. Department of Defense still had interest in continuing research in the Arctic. In April 1959, another scientific station named "CHARLIE" (also named as ALPHA II) was established by the Alaska Air Command with assistance from the Navy's Arctic Research Laboratory. Scientific research activity was conducted from June 1959 to January 1960. When the ice floe cracked and shortened the runway sufficiently to terminate aircraft resupply operations, station CHARLIE had to be evacuated.
Meanwhile, on 7 March 1957, with several commercial house trailers, the Northeast Air Command established a station called "BRAVO" on the iceberg. The reoccupied T-3 continued to drift off the northern Canadian coastline, eventually arriving Alaska waters by July 1959, where air support responsibilities were transferred to Alaskan bases. In May 1960, the ice island drifted aground at near Wainwright, Alaska, terminating several geophysical research programs. The following year in October, the station was abandoned again, but the site was left intact for possible future use. As U.S. Navy was still eager to continue Arctic based operations, the Arctic Research Laboratory planned to install a new station to replace the former station CHARLIE. However, this intention was balked at the costs required to charter a C-47 for the installation. Instead, following September an icebreaker USS Burton Island (AGB-1) was employed to transport the equipment, and the Arctic Research Laboratory Ice Station I (known as ARLIS I) was constructed in under 40 hours. Although ARLIS I was designed to support eight scientists and four technical personnel, the station never achieved a full potential. As the iceberg drifted westward, small aircraft(Cessna 180) were employed for resupplying the station. However, upon approaching the range limit of these aircraft, the station was evacuated in March 1961. 
A more permanent drifting ice station was desired for the second Arctic Research Laboratory Ice Station (ARLIS II), but with T-3 grounded, a tentative site on an ice floe was selected. However, during its deployment in May 1961 the ice ground began breaking up in large scale, and the Navy found another 3.5 by 1.5 mile iceberg north of Point Barrow. In next 22 days, with C-47 Skytrain, all of the equipment to outfit the 14 prefabricated buildings was transported to the newly discovered iceberg. Scientific operations restarted in 23 May 1961 and continued all the way into 11 May 1965. Resupply of ARLIS II during the first year was carried out by airdrops from large aircraft such as Lockheed Model 18 Lodestar and C-47 Skytrain, and also by the icebreaker USCGC Staten Island (WAGB-278) twice in the summer. 
Between 1962 and 1964, as the iceberg drifted farther north, away from Barrow and across the Arctic Ocean, resupply from Alaska became a difficult operation. While station ARLIS II was drifting away from Barrow, the iceberg T-3 was rediscovered in February 1962 over 100 miles north of where it had been previously observed. The Arctic Research Laboratory reoccupied the iceberg, refurbished the abandoned buildings, and re-established the station which previously served as a second drifting station and a fuel depot for the flights to the station ARLIS II. In December 1963, the station ARLIS II reached the most northern point of its journey and eventually drifted out through the Fram Strait with the East Greenland Current. During this period, supply operations was proceeded by Keflavik Naval Air Station in Iceland.
After 47 months and 18 days of continuous operation, ARLIS II was evacuated in May 1965 by the icebreaker USCGC Edisto (WAGB-284). The station hosted 14 different research projects, including 337 personnel. Upon completion of major restoration of ARLIS II, a full occupation of T-3 by the Arctic Research Laboratory was initiated in September 1965. And by this time, the iceberg had completely circled the Beaufort Gyre. Meanwhile, while the ARLIS II and T-3 ice stations were occupied, the Arctic Research Laboratory established two temporary drift stations northeast of Barrow primarily for scientific studies of telluric currents, geomagnetic variation, micropulsations, and aurora. ARLIS III was established in 10 February 1964 and was evacuated in 16 May 1964, while ARLIS IV operated between February and May 1965. The station remained active until 1 Oct 1974, and it was last visited in 1979. After being satellite-monitored for over 30 years, the iceberg eventually drifted through the Fram Strait in 1983.
Eventuality.
Satellite monitoring had been employed to keep track of the iceberg T-3 since it was abandoned, but meteorologists had lost track of it in the fall of 1982. A request was made to the NOAA flight research team to keep an eye out for T-3. 
On July 3, 1983, the Associated Press reported U.S. scientists had rediscovered the iceberg after it had been missing for six months. Dave Turner, an experienced NOAA pilot who was one of the last persons to observe T-3, reported that the ice floe was found about 150 miles from the North Pole. T-3 was easily spotted, as its surface was distinctly decorated by remaining structures of a C-47 aircraft wrecked years before. At the time of discovery, the iceberg was about one-third of its original thickness. It is estimated that sometime after July 1983, the iceberg eventually worked its way to the outside of the Arctic ice pack, where it caught a southern current, drifting off into the Atlantic Ocean and finally melted away.

</doc>
<doc id="19715828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715828" title="2009 Allsvenskan">
2009 Allsvenskan

Allsvenskan 2009, part of the 2009 Swedish football season, was the 85th Allsvenskan season played. AIK clinched their first Swedish title since 1998.
League table.
Relegation play-offs.
"Djurgården won 3–2 on aggregate."
Top scorers.
As of 2 November 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19715854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715854" title="Elsloo, Friesland">
Elsloo, Friesland

Elsloo () is a village consisting of about 650 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. Communities considered part of the village are: Tronde and Canada. The name Elsloo is derived from old Dutch 'Els' or Alder and 'Loo'(lauhaz) Forrest. 

</doc>
<doc id="19715859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715859" title="Cords Cable Industries Limited">
Cords Cable Industries Limited

Cords Cable Industries Limited (BSE: 532941, NSE: CORDSCABLE, ISIN: INE792I01017) is the largest instrumentation cable maker in India.
With its headquarters in New Delhi, it manufactures Instrumentation cables, Control cables, Thermocouple cables, Power cables besides special cables for electrical connectivity requirements, mainly for industrial use. The Company manufactures cables up to 1.1 kilovolt for applications including industrial, utility and buildings. It caters to industries such as power, steel, cement, fertilizers and chemicals, and refinery/petroleum. The Company’s products include low-tension control cables (up to 1.1 kilovolt), low-tension power cables (up to 1.1 kilovolt), instrumentation cables, signal and data cables, thermocouple extension/compensating cables, panel wires/house hold wires/flexible cables, and specialty cables.
The company is governed by a board of directors that comprises well qualified professionals from engineering & management disciplines with over thirty years of cutting-edge experience in the cable industry.
Listing.
In January 2008, the Company came out with an IPO and on 13 February 2008 got listed on Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange of India.

</doc>
<doc id="19715871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715871" title="Donkerbroek">
Donkerbroek

Donkerbroek is a village consisting of about 1870 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland in the Netherlands. 
"among its famous inhabitants is nomorecash who frequently play the highstake badugi games at ps"

</doc>
<doc id="19715877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715877" title="U29">
U29

U29 or U-29 may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19715893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19715893" title="Biomedical material">
Biomedical material

Biomedical material may refer to:

</doc>
