<doc id="19418467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418467" title="Helter Skelter (1949 film)">
Helter Skelter (1949 film)

Helter Skelter is a 1949 British romantic comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Carol Marsh, David Tomlinson and Mervyn Johns. A radio star becomes involved with a wealthy heiress.
The recurring English comic characters Charters and Caldicott also appeared in the film.
Plot.
Susan Graham (Carol Marsh) is a discontented heiress whose joint guardians (Mervyn Johns and Peter Haddon) are both trying to get her married to their odious nephews (Peter Hammond and Geoffrey Sumner, respectively). On her nineteenth birthday, the five of them visit a nightclub called the Magnolia Club; also present happens to be radio star Nick Martin (David Tomlinson), whom Susan detests. When she is inadvertently seated at Martin's table directly in front of the floor show, she refuses to move, and Martin, despite his radio reputation as a fearless detective, is too intimidated by her hauteur to insist. This, however, proves to be a mixed blessing for Susan; when the evening's principal performer, a ventriloquist, comes out, she laughs so hard at his routine that she gets a bad case of the hiccups. She attempts to cure them by getting a drink of water, but succeeds only in getting caught in the crossfire of a pie fight.
Four days later, Susan's hiccups still haven’t stopped, and her doctor (Wilfrid Hyde-White) recommends that her guardians take her to a certain haunted house for a good fright. On the way, they stop at a pub for directions, and Susan runs into Nick Martin again. At first, she is still chilly towards him, but then the narrator (Richard Hearne) shoots the two of them with Cupid's arrow, and they immediately fall in love. Martin's overbearing mother (Judith Furse), however, soon comes to take him away – but not before the two of them have arranged a rendezvous.
The plot then proceeds to the haunted house, where Susan's guardians, not believing in the ghost, have hired an actor to play the part. Susan, however, slips away to her rendezvous before he begins working; consequently, she still has the hiccups when Mrs Martin finds her and Nick trysting together. This fact doesn’t amuse Mrs Martin, who apparently believes that hiccups are contagious; she forbids Susan to see her son again, and suggests that she see a psychiatrist (Jimmy Edwards) about her problem.
The psychiatrist concludes that, because Susan got the hiccups from laughing, she can rid herself of them if she laughs that hard again. He recommends “a fellow on a BBC show called Jimmy Edwards”; Susan accordingly goes to the BBC studios, where, naturally enough, she meets Nick again. The two of them arrange a date at the Magnolia Club, ostensibly so Susan can cure her hiccups by laughing at the ventriloquist again, but really so they can gaze into each other's eyes all night. Their reverie is interrupted, however, by Mrs Martin, who shows up at the club and orders her son home. When Nick fails to stand up to her, Susan, disgusted, storms out of the club, inspiring Nick, a little too late, to develop a backbone and tell his mother off.
Returning home, Susan writes a letter to Nick breaking off their relationship, but the Martin address turns out to be unlisted. She therefore returns to the BBC and leaves the letter on his microphone; on her way back out, however, she mistakes the door and ends up locking herself in a supply closet. The next morning, she turns up missing; Nick, frantic, sets all of England looking for her, and at first refuses to broadcast until she's found. Being persuaded, however, that his program is necessary for the social stability of the nation, he returns to the BBC that evening; in the course of the broadcast, the closet door is opened, and Susan tumbles out, unconscious. She is, however, quickly revived – and, what is more, when she sees her guardians’ nephews (who have inadvertently locked themselves into, and then flooded, the mixing room), she bursts out laughing, thereby finally curing herself of the hiccups. She and Nick fall into each other's arms, and all ends happily.
Stand-alone segments.
"Helter Skelter" is as much a variety program as it is a narrative film; it includes numerous scenes that have only the faintest connection with the plot, and are included principally for their stand-alone comedy value. The following are noteworthy:

</doc>
<doc id="19418470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418470" title="Cryothenia amphitreta">
Cryothenia amphitreta

Cryothenia amphitreta is a species of marine pelagic fish belonging to the family Nototheniidae (cod icefishes). It is found in the Antarctic Ross Sea. It has an unusual body structure: the pelvic fins reach only halfway from the pelvic-fin base to the anal origin, and the second dorsal-fin insertion is particularly advanced compared to the anal origin. "C. amphitreta" is coloured purple-gold with black linings on the mouth, gills cavities and peritoneum.
Etymology.
The species name is derived from Greek: "Cryothenia" means "from the cold" and "amphitreta" means "a cave with two openings". 
Discovery.
"Cryothenia amphitreta" was discovered in 2004 and identified as a unique species of nototheniid fish. It has two openings in its cranium that allows it to detect changes in water pressure as small as another fish swimming by. Other nototheniid are known to have this same structure, but with only one opening. Having two pressure-sensing cavities may help the fish locate prey better.

</doc>
<doc id="19418475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418475" title="WLCU">
WLCU

WLCU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19418478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418478" title="Whaling in the United States">
Whaling in the United States

The origins of whaling in the United States of America date to the 17th century in New England and peaked in 1846-52. New Bedford, Massachusetts, sent out its last whaler, the "John R. Mantra", in 1927.
The US continues whaling using the International Whaling Commission(IWC) exception for Aboriginal Subsistence Whaling. Catches have increased from 18 whales in 1985 to over 70 whales in 2010. 
The latest IWC whaling quota allows for a total of up to 336 bowhead whales can be landed in the period 2013 - 2018. 
History.
The first American whalers were Native Americans along the northwestern and northeastern coasts. The Native Americans hunted using drift whaling where they would process the whale once it had died and washed ashore. In the 16th century, European sailors sailed from America in 20 foot boats with the first type of harpoon. While on the way to Plymouth, A passenger on the Mayflower commented on the abundance of whales in New England waters. The towns of Long Island are believed to have been the first to establish a whale fishery on the shores of New England sometime around 1650. Nantucket joined in on the trade in 1690 when they sent for one Ichabod Padduck to instruct them in the methods of whaling. The south side of the island was divided into three and a half mile sections, each one with a mast erected to look for the spouts of right whales. Each section had a temporary hut for the five men assigned to that area, with a sixth man standing watch at the mast. Once a whale was sighted, whale boats were rowed from the shore, and if the whale was successfully harpooned and lanced to death, it was towed ashore, flensed (that is, its blubber was cut off), and the blubber boiled in cauldrons known as "trypots." Well into the 18th century, even when Nantucket sent out sailing vessels to fish for whales offshore, the whalers would still come to the shore to boil the blubber.
In Nantucket, the first sperm whale was killed in 1712. In 1715 Nantucket had six sloops engaged in the whale fishery, and by 1730 it had twenty-five vessels of 38 to 50 tons employed in the trade. Each vessel employed twelve to thirteen men, half of them being Native Americans. At times the whole crew, with the exception of the captain, might be natives. They had two whaleboats, one held in reserve should the other be damaged by an angry whale. Many sailors on whaling voyages were also African American, especially in the 1800s. The "Industry" had an all-black crew and sailed in 1822. The whaling business was more tolerant of African Americans then other professions, and afforded them opportunities to rise and become successful, even as far as becoming captains.
By 1732 the first Yankee whalers had reached the Davis Strait fishery, between Greenland and Baffin Island. The fishery slowly began to expand, with whalers visiting the west coast of Africa in 1763, the Azores in 1765, the coast of Brazil in 1773, and the Falklands in 1774. It wasn't until the 1800s that whaling really became an industry.
Expansion.
In 1768, the fishery began a huge expansion that was to culminate just prior to the Revolution. Between 1771 and 1775 the Massachusetts ports alone employed an average of 183 vessels in the northern fishery, and 121 in the southern. The American Revolutionary War brought the trade to a complete standstill which continued throughout the Napoleonic Wars but the industry reached its peak after the Revolution.
The first Yankee whalers rounded Cape Horn in 1791, entering the Pacific Ocean to hunt the cachalot or sperm whale. At first they only fished off the coast of Chile, but by 1792 the sperm whalers had reached the coast of Peru, and George W. Gardner extended the fishery even further in 1818 when he discovered the "Offshore grounds," or the seas between 105-125° W and 5-10° S. In 1820 the first Yankee whaleship, the "Maro", under Capt. Joseph Allen, hunted sperm whales on the Japan Ground, midway between Japan and Hawaii. The previous year the first Yankee whalers visited the Sandwich (Hawaiian) Islands, and subsequently these islands' were used to obtain fresh fruits, vegetables, and more crew, as well as to repair any damages sustained to the ship.
In 1829 the Yankee fleet numbered 203 sail; in five years time it more than doubled to 421 vessels, and by 1840 it stood at 552 ships, barks, brigs, and schooners. The peak was reached in 1846, when 736 vessels were registered under the American flag. From 1846 to 1851, the trade averaged some 638 vessels, with the majority coming from such ports as New Bedford, Nantucket, New London, and Sag Harbor, New York. By far the largest number sailed from New Bedford, but Nantucket continued to host a fleet, even when they needed to use "camels," or floating drydocks, to get over the sandbar that formed at the mouth of the harbor.
Thomas Welcome Roys, in the Sag Harbor bark "Superior", sailed through the Bering Strait on 23 July 1848 and discovered an abundance of "new fangled monsters," or later to be known as bowhead whales. The following season fifty whalers (forty-six Yankee, two German, and two French vessels) sailed to the Bering Strait region on the report from this single ship. In terms of number of vessels and whales killed, the peak was reached in 1852, when 220 ships killed 2,682 bowheads. Catches declined, and the fleet shifted to the Sea of Okhotsk in 1853-54. Whaling there peaked in 1855-57, and once that area began to decline in 1858-60, they returned to the Bering Strait region.
During the winter, some of these same vessels would make their way to the lagoons of Baja California. The peak began in 1855, commencing the period of lagoon whaling known as the "bonanza period", when whaleboats were crisscrossing through the lagoons, being pulled by enraged whales, passing by calves that had lost their mothers and other ships' crews hunting whales. Less than twenty years later, in 1874, the lagoon fishery was abandoned entirely, due to several years of poor catches.
Several Yankee ships were lost during the 1860s and 1870s. During the Civil War (1861-1865) Confederate raiders such as the "Shenandoah", "Alabama", and "Florida" captured or burned forty-six ships, while the United States purchased forty of the fleet's oldest hulls. known as the Stone Fleet, to sink in Charleston and Savannah harbours in a failed attempt to blockade those ports. Thirty-three of the forty whalers that comprised the Arctic fleet were lost near Point Belcher and Wainwright Inlet in the Whaling Disaster of 1871, while another twelve ships were lost in 1876.
The use of steam, the high prices for whalebone, and the proximity of the whaling grounds brought the rise of San Francisco as a dominant whaling port in the 1880s. By 1893 it had thirty-three whaleships, of which twenty-two were steamers.
At first, the steamers only cruised during the summer months, but with the discovery of bowheads near the Mackenzie River Delta in 1888-89 by Joe Tuckfield, ships begin to overwinter at Herschel Island. The first to do so was in 1890-91, and by 1894-95 there were fifteen such ships overwintering in the snug little harbour of Pauline Cove. During the peak of the settlement (1894–96) about 1,000 persons went to the island, comprising a polyglot community of Nunatarmiuts (Inuit caribou hunters, originating from the Brooks Range), Kogmullicks (Inuit who inhabited the coastal regions of the Mackenzie River delta), Itkillicks (Rat Indians, from the forested regions 200 miles south), Alaskan and Siberian ships' natives, whaling crews and their families, and beachcombers (the few whalemen whose tour of duty had ended, but chose to stay at the island). Ships continued to overwinter at Herschel into the 20th century, but by that time they focused more on trading with the natives than on whaling. By 1909 there were only three whaleships left in the Arctic fleet, with the last bowhead being killed commercially in 1921.
By 1895 the Yankee whaling fleet had dwindled to fifty-one vessels, with only four ports regularly sending out ships. They were New Bedford, Provincetown, San Francisco, and Boston. Boston left the trade in 1903, with San Francisco leaving in 1921. Only New Bedford continued on into the trade, sending out its last whaler, the "John R. Mantra", in 1927.
Native whaling.
Various Native American tribes engaged in whaling throughout their history. In particular, a major cultural base of the Makah revolves around the whale and the associated hunt. The Makah signed a treaty in 1855 known as the Treaty of Neah Bay with the United States government that ceded over half of their ancestral lands to ensure their right to continue hunting whales. However, by the 1920s the dangerously low populations of whales caused the Makah to cease hunting whales to ensure the whale's survival. Once whale populations showed stability again in the 1980s, the Makah decided to pursue whaling again, against widespread protests from environmental groups. The United States government's Defense of Marine Mammals Act barred the Makah from whaling, resulting in outrage from the Makah due to their right to whaling being guaranteed by their treaty. In 1999, the United States government allowed the Makah to take 5 whales a year for their ancestral hunt. That year, the Makah were allowed to partake in their first whaling hunt since the 1920s, however in 2001, the United States government once again overturned their previous ruling and declared it illegal for the Makah to hunt whales. This is an ongoing issue, the Makah, the United States government, and the environmental groups are still fighting legal battles.
The romance of whaling.
According to Frances Diane Robotti, there were three types of whalers: those who hoped to own their own whaleship someday, those who were seeking adventure, and those who were running from something on shore. Generally only those who hoped to make a career of whaling went out more than once.
Since a whaler's pay was based on his "lay", or share of the catch, he sometimes returned from a long voyage to find himself paid next to nothing, or even owing money to his employers. Even a bonanza voyage paid the ordinary crewman less than if he had served in the merchant fleet. The lay system was a gamble and sailors were never ensured decent wages. Richard Boyenton of the "Bengal" only earned six and a quarter cents after 5 months at sea, but occasionally sailors got lucky and brought home a significant amount of money after just a couple of voyages. More commonly sailors would earn very little after years at sea. Ships that returned to port less than full of oil were called "broken voyages" while ships that came home overflowing were praised. The "Loper" returned to Nantucket with its deck and hold chock full of casks of oil while ships like the "Brewster" prioritized oil so significantly that they threw food and water overboard to make more room for oil.
There was a romance to whaling; going to sea was a young man's adventure, particularly when he wound up in the South Sea paradises of the Sandwich Islands (Hawaii), Tahiti, or the Marquesas, where a young American man might find himself surrounded by pretty young women ready to freely offer him their charms, something he was unlikely to experience at home. Many, including Herman Melville, jumped ship, apparently without repercussions. After his romantic interlude among the Typees on Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands, Melville joined another whaler that took him to Hawaii, from where he sailed for home as a crewman on , a Navy vessel. Along with Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin, and others, Melville cultivated the image of the Pacific islands as romantic paradises. But after the 1848 discovery of gold in California, young men could easily find adventure elsewhere. During the Gold Rush, it was generally known that a man could get to San Francisco for free if he signed on as a whaler; many whaleships were abandoned there, even by their captains and officers.
Whaling and antique scrimshaw.
A large part of American, British, and other countries who participated in whaling in the 19th century created scrimshaw. Scrimshaw is the practice of drawing on whale teeth or other forms of ivory with various tools, typically sailor's knives or other sharp instruments. These images were then coated with ink so that the drawing would appear more noticeable on the whale tooth. It is believed that some instruments used by sailors to perform scrimshaw included surgical tools, as with the work done by whaling surgeon William Lewis Roderick. Other forms of ivory included a whale's panbone, walrus ivory, and elephant ivory. Of course, the most common scrimshaw during the whaling period of the 19th century was made from whale parts. Other forms of scrimshaw included whalebone fids (rope splicer), bodkins (needle), swifts (yarn holding equipment) and sailors' canes. The time when most scrimshaw in the 19th century was produced coincided with the heyday of the whaling industry which occurred between 1840-1860. More than 95% of all antique scrimshaw whale teeth known were done by anonymous artists. Some of the better known antique scrimshaw artists include Frederick Myrick and Edward Burdett, who were two of the first scrimshanders to ever sign and date their work. Several museums now house outstanding collections of antique scrimshaw and one of the best being the New Bedford Whaling Museum in Massachusetts.
Further Viewing.
Into the Deep: America, Whaling & The World [http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/films/whaling], a 2010 documentary film by Ric Burns for American Experience

</doc>
<doc id="19418519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418519" title="PFHS">
PFHS

PFHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19418521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418521" title="WLIV">
WLIV

WLIV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19418532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418532" title="Karabakh (disambiguation)">
Karabakh (disambiguation)

Karabakh is a region in the Azerbaijan, "Qarabağ" in '
Azerbaijani 
Karabakh may also refer to:
It also appears in the term Nagorno-Karabakh

</doc>
<doc id="19418556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418556" title="Trojan Box Set series">
Trojan Box Set series

The Trojan Box Set series is a range of various artist triple CD box sets, periodically released by the British reggae record label Trojan Records since 1998. The series covers a wide variety of reggae subgenres, styles and themes. 
Each set has standard formatting. The title is "Trojan ____ Box Set" (except "RAS" and "Creole Reggae") The artwork is usually a colourful, distinctive variation on a generic design, with the Trojan Records logo as the central motif (except "Upsetter", "RAS", "Creole Reggae" and "Reggae For Kids"). There are usually 50 songs in each set (except "12"" with 35, and "Reggae Rarities" with 51). The packaging is a clamshell cardboard box with an individual hard paper slipcase for each disc, plus basic track information and/or liner notes. Despite being billed as "limited edition", all sets have remained widely available. 
Titles in the Trojan Box Set series.
1998
1999
2000
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007

</doc>
<doc id="19418620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418620" title="Confidential (Eyeliners album)">
Confidential (Eyeliners album)

Confidential is an album by The Eyeliners, released on 27 May 1997 by Sympathy for the Record Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19418664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418664" title="Evan Chandler">
Evan Chandler

Evan Chandler (born Evan Robert Charmatz) (January 25, 1944 – November 5, 2009) was an American screenwriter and dentist, and was best known for accusing pop icon Michael Jackson of child sexual abuse.
Career.
In her autobiographical book "Shockaholic", Carrie Fisher claims that he was her dentist, and was known as the "dentist to the stars." In the late 1980s, addict Fisher would get unnecessary dental surgery just to obtain morphine from him. Fisher claimed Chandler could be persuaded via financial incentives or "favors" to come to a patient's house to administer the drug. His license plate read "SLEEP MD". Fisher relates, in the book/audiobook, to Chandler as "strange", referring to him as "this freak", relating Chandler saying to her in the privacy of a dental visit, "My son is VERY (unsettling smile, raised eyebrows, maybe even a lewd wink) good looking...It was grotesque. This man was letting me know that he had this valuable thing that Michael Jackson "wanted"", and later, reversing this line of thought to Fisher when he told her he was bringing the 1993 allegations against Jackson, was "shocked with moral indignation". Fisher then states, "This was the time I knew I had to find another dentist. No drug can hide the feeling of one's skin crawling...I never thought that Michael's whole thing with kids was sexual. Never. As in Neverland. Granted, it was miles from appropriate, but just because it wasn't normal doesn't mean that it had to be perverse. Those aren't the only two choices for what can happen between an adult and an un-related child hanging out together...and yes, he had an amusement park, a zoo, a movie theatre, popcorn, candy and an elephant, but to draw a line under all that and add it up to the assumption that he fiendlishly rubbed his hands together as he assembled this giant super spiderweb to lure and trap kids into it is just bad math."
Chandler was also a screenwriter, co-writing the 1993 comedy film "".
Accusations against Michael Jackson and Settlement.
In 1993, Chandler accused Michael Jackson of molesting his son Jordan after his son told him of the allegations while under the influence of sodium amytal during a routine dental proceeding. Chandler was in the midst of a custody battle for the boy with his ex-wife, June Chandler-Schwartz. The 1993 molestation case ended after Jackson reached a settlement with Chandler for a reported U.S. $20 million, although this amount was never confirmed by Jackson and no formal charges were brought after two independent grand juries decided not to indict the pop star.
Court documents released in 2002 revealed the settlement was actually $15 million and that Jackson's insurance carrier paid it without his consent, admitting only to "global claims of negligence" and stated, "The Parties recognize that the Settlement Payment are in settlement of claims by Chandler, Chandler and Chandler for alleged compensatory damages for alleged personal injuries arising out of claims of negligence and not for claims of intentional or wrongful acts of sexual molestation". The document also stated Jordan was not prevented from testifying against Jackson if the case was tried in criminal court, but specified that the Chandlers could not speak to the media, contrary to reports insisting the settlement halted a criminal proceeding. 
During the 1993 investigation, Jackson's hired private investigator Anthony Pellicano released a recorded telephone conversation between Chandler and Dave Schwartz, the new husband of his ex-wife, June, and stepfather to Jordan. Jackson's defense cited this tape as proof that Chandler's allegations were nothing but an attempt to extort money from the star and regain custody of Jordan, especially considering Chandler was more than $60,000 behind child support payments and had already approached Jackson several times asking for money. Chandler was recorded saying, "If I go through with this, I win big time. There’s no way that I lose. I’ve checked that out inside out...I will get everything I want, and they will be totally — they will be destroyed forever. They will be destroyed. June is gonna lose Jordy. She will have no right to ever see him again." This phone call took place on July 8; Evan would claim Jordan had confessed the abuse to him on July 16.
Following the settlement, Chandler had multiple plastic surgeries to mask his identity as he claimed abuse and harassment from angry Jackson fans.
According to a "USA Today" article written by journalist DeWayne Wickham, in 1996, Chandler attempted to sue Jackson a second time, citing the star's "HIStory" album as a breach of their confidentiality agreement. Chandler requested $60 million from Sony music so that he could record his own rebuttal album entitled "EVANstory".
It is also believed he is the ghostwriter of "All that Glitters", a book about the allegations written by his brother Raymond that was released in 2004 following a new set of molestation accusations against Jackson. 
It was revealed by June Chandler-Schwartz during Jackson's 2005 trial that her son, who, according to his uncle, fled the country to avoid testifying against Jackson, had filed for legal emancipation from his parents and had no contact with them since 1994. In 2006, court documents filed in the state of New Jersey revealed that Evan Chandler was sued by Jordan after he nearly killed him with a barbell and mace in August 2005. Jordan obtained a permanent restraining order against his father as a result.
Death.
Evan Chandler committed suicide (via self-inflicted gunshot) on November 5, 2009, in his luxury apartment in Jersey City, New Jersey, five months after the death of Michael Jackson. He was 65 years old when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="19418696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418696" title="List of Pittsburgh Steelers starting quarterbacks">
List of Pittsburgh Steelers starting quarterbacks

These quarterbacks have started for the National Football League's Pittsburgh Steelers. They are listed in order of the date of each player's first start at quarterback for the Steelers.
Seasons.
List of all Pittsburgh Steelers starting quarterbacks The number of games they started during the season is listed to the right:
Most Games as Starting Quarterback.
These quarterbacks have the most starts for the Steelers in regular season games.

</doc>
<doc id="19418707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418707" title="Paul Humphreys (philosopher)">
Paul Humphreys (philosopher)

Paul Humphreys is a significant contributor to the philosophy of emergent properties, as well as other areas in the Philosophy of science and Philosophy of probability. He is a Professor of Philosophy at the University of Virginia, specialising in philosophy of science, metaphysics, and epistemology. His current interests include the metaphysics and epistemology of emergence, computational science, empiricism and realism, and strategy.
Humphreys has published a substantial number of books and scholarly articles. He is Series Editor for the Oxford Studies in the Philosophy of Science. He serves on the editorial Boards of the "American Philosophical Quarterly", "Philosophy of Science", and "Foundations of Science".

</doc>
<doc id="19418720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418720" title="Shadow Ranch">
Shadow Ranch

Shadow Ranch is a historic ranch house, built from 1869-1872 using adobe and redwood lumber, on the original Workman Ranch in the western San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, California. For much of the 20th century it was in Canoga Park, but it is now within the boundaries of the West Hills community.
History.
The ranch began as a dry-land wheat farm owned by the San Fernando Homestead Association led by Isaac Lankershim and Isaac Van Nuys. Albert Workman, an Australian immigrant, began as the superintendent of Van Nuys' Los Angeles Farm and Milling Company. After 1869 Workman purchased the ranch, and cultivated it with another nearby. The ranch also had a thousand head of cattle at one time. Workman imported Australian Blue Gum eucalyptus tree seeds from his homeland and planted them on the ranch. Some claim the numerous eucalyptus trees in California of that species, "Eucalyptus globulus", originate from the Workman Ranch groves.
The site has multiple Hollywood connections. In the 1930s the Workman Ranch was acquired by Colin Clements and Florence Ryerson, a couple who were screenwriters for the film studio. Ryerson co-wrote the screenplay for the 1939 film 'The Wizard of Oz' while living there. She renamed the estate Shadow Ranch for the amount of shade provided by the numerous large eucalyptus trees, originally planted during the Workman era. 
It was acquired in 1948 by another screenwriter, Ranald MacDougall, whose credits include "Mildred Pierce" and "Cleopatra." In 1961 movie director William Wyler used the ranch house as a filming location for 'The Children’s Hour', based on the play by Lillian Hellman. 
City park.
Today, the historic Shadow Ranch residence stands on a parcel, the remaining undeveloped land of the original ranch that is L.A. city park. The structure is used as a recreational facility and events venue. When the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission was formed in 1962, Shadow Ranch was one of the first ten properties to be designated as a city Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #9).

</doc>
<doc id="19418721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418721" title="Rick Sweet">
Rick Sweet

Ricky Joe (Rick) Sweet is a former professional baseball catcher and current manager of the Milwaukee Brewers' Triple-A affiliate, the Nashville Sounds. He played three seasons in Major League Baseball between 1978 and 1983, and has since had a long career as minor and major league coach and minor league manager.
Early life.
Sweet was born September 7, 1952, in Longview, Washington. After graduating from Mark Morris High School, he attended Gonzaga University, where he played college baseball for the Bulldogs from 1973 to 1975.
Playing career.
Sweet was drafted in the 3rd round of the secondary phase of the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft by the San Diego Padres. He spent six seasons in their organization, including one full season with the major league club in 1978, when he split time behind the plate with Gene Tenace. He batted .221 in 88 games.
In 1979, he was replaced by Bill Fahey, who had been acquired from the Texas Rangers. On his 1979 Topps baseball card, Rick is laughing. This is because teammate and friend Gene Tenace asked him jokingly how it felt hitting only one home run, to which Rick started laughing and the photographer snapped the photo, and it was used for his baseball card.
After two seasons with the Triple-A Hawaii Islanders minor league team, Sweet's contract was purchased from the Padres by the New York Mets. He spent another full season at Triple-A in 1981, this time with the Tidewater Tides, then began the 1982 season with the Mets. He played just three games in the first six weeks of the season before having his contract sold to the Seattle Mariners, where he was made their starting catcher.
In both 1982 and 1983, Sweet played more games behind the plate than any other Mariners' catcher, appearing in a total of 181 games, batting .238. In November 1983, the Mariners acquired catcher Bob Kearney from the Oakland Athletics in a trade, and Sweet was released in March. Rather than return to the minor leagues, Sweet retired, and was named the Mariners' bullpen coach.
Post-playing career.
After spending 1984 as a Mariners coach, he was moved into the scouting department for the next two seasons. In 1987, Sweet was named to his first managerial post, with the Bellingham Mariners of the Northwest League. He spent one more season managing in the Seattle organization with the Wausau Timbers, then moved to the Houston Astros system to manage the Osceola Astros.
Over the next seven seasons, Sweet moved his way up the Astros chain. In 1993, while managing the Triple-A Tucson Toros, he won his first championship, as the Toros won the Pacific Coast League title. By 1996, he was named to the Astros' coaching staff under manager Terry Collins. After one season as Houston's first base coach, he was let go along with Collins, and landed in the New York Mets organization for 1997.
After a season managing the Binghamton Mets, Sweet changed organizations once more, moving on to manage the Harrisburg Senators, the Double-A farm team of the Montreal Expos. In 1998, Sweet won his second league championship as a manager, leading Harrisburg to the Eastern League title.
Over the next several years, Sweet continued to manage, moving from the Expos organization to the Padres' system in 2001, the Detroit Tigers system for a season in 2004, and then finally the Reds' organization in 2005, when he was named as manager of their Triple-A farm team, the Louisville Bats. He led the team to three straight Western Division titles (2008–10) and was named the International League Manager of the Year in 2008 and 2009. Sweet was released from his managerial position with the Bats following the 2011 season. He stayed with the Reds organization as a roving catching instructor for their minor league teams.
In December 2013, Sweet was hired to manage the Nashville Sounds, the Milwaukee Brewers' Triple-A club, beginning in 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="19418723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418723" title="Blackheart Records">
Blackheart Records

Blackheart Records is an American record label founded by rock musicians Joan Jett and Kenny Laguna. Artists include The Eyeliners, Girl in a Coma, the Cute Lepers, the Dollyrots, the Vacancies, and Joan Jett & the Blackhearts.
History.
Six of Jett's Top 40 hits were released on Blackheart Records. "I Hate Myself for Loving You" from 1988 placed highest in the charts.
During most of the 1990s while it was under distribution by Mercury/PolyGram Records, the label ventured into hip hop music and released albums by artists including Big Daddy Kane and Professor Griff.

</doc>
<doc id="19418738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418738" title="Breasticles">
Breasticles

Breasticles is the third album by Kristeen Young.
Musicians.
The Band.
Kristeen Young: Vocals, keyboard<br>
"Baby" Jeff White: Drums

</doc>
<doc id="19418780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418780" title="WLOD">
WLOD

WLOD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19418817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418817" title="Museum of Communism, Poland">
Museum of Communism, Poland

The Museum of Communism is a museum focusing on the communist period of Polish history, located in the Palace of Culture and Science in Warsaw. The museum was founded in 1999 by Czeslaw Bielecki, Jacek Fedorowicz, and Andrzej Wajda, with the cooperation of Teresa Bogucka, Anna Fedorowicz, and Krystyna Zachwatowicz.
Exhibits.
Exhibits include photographs, videos, and other pieces that illustrate violence and acts of resistance during the Communist era. Displays will detail the poor quality of goods, free healthcare, free education, advances in science, militarism, and constant control.

</doc>
<doc id="19418829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418829" title="Enemy (Kristeen Young album)">
Enemy (Kristeen Young album)

Enemy is the second album by Kristeen Young.
Musicians.
The Band.
Kristeen Young: Vocals, keyboard<br>
"Baby" Jeff White: Drums

</doc>
<doc id="19418834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418834" title="Dream Fighter">
Dream Fighter

"Dream Fighter" is a song by Perfume. It was released on November 19, 2008 as Perfume's eighth major single as a CD-only version and a CD+DVD version, the former with catalog number TKCA-73390. The single placed second on Oricon charts. The single went on to chart for 10 weeks and sold 104,599 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="19418866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418866" title="Here Comes Trouble (The Eyeliners album)">
Here Comes Trouble (The Eyeliners album)

Here Comes Trouble is a 2001 album by The Eyeliners, released by Lookout Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="19418871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418871" title="1899 VFL Grand Final">
1899 VFL Grand Final

The 1899 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Fitzroy Football Club and South Melbourne Football Club, held at the St Kilda Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 16 September 1899. It was the 2nd annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1899 VFL season. The match, attended by 4,823 spectators, was won by Fitzroy by a margin of 1 point, becoming the first club to claim back to back VFL premierships. 
Lead-up.
Fitzroy had won the minor premiership in the 1899 season, while South Melbourne had finished sixth after the home-and-away season. In the sectional rounds, Fitzroy and South Melbourne each finished with records of 3–0 to qualify for the final.
Had South Melbourne won the match, it would not have immediately won the premiership; Fitzroy, as the minor premiers, would have had the right to challenge South to a rematch for the premiership on the following Saturday.
Summary.
Due to an expanded finals system, South Melbourne had made their inaugural Grand Final despite finishing the home and away season in sixth position. Rain the wind favoured South Melbourne in the opening quarter and Harry Lampe slotted the first two goals of the match. Fitzroy then had the advantage the following quarter and goals to Mick Grace and Fred Fontaine had them ahead at half time. Charlie Colgan gave South Melbourne the lead with the only goal of the third term but Fitzroy finished strongly and Bill McSpeerin's goal 15 minutes into the final quarter gave Fitzroy the win.
Statistics.
Goalkickers.
Fitzroy:
South Melbourne:

</doc>
<doc id="19418912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418912" title="The Playbirds">
The Playbirds

The Playbirds is a 1978 British sexploitation film made by Irish-born director Willy Roe and starring 1970s' pin-up Mary Millington alongside Glynn Edwards, Suzy Mandel and Windsor Davies. When a series of female centrefolds from the glamour magazine "Playbirds" are murdered by an obsessive fanatic, Scotland Yard are called to investigate the lurid world of pornography.
History.
Filmed over four weeks in the winter of 1977, The Playbirds was the official follow-up to Come Play with Me, which also starred Mary Millington. The actress collaborated with director Willy Roe on two further sexploitation pictures, Confessions from the David Galaxy Affair and Queen of the Blues, both released theatrically in the summer of 1979.
Special Edition DVD.
The Playbirds was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on 9 August 2010 by Odeon Entertainment. The film has been digitally remastered and the disc features an extensive stills gallery, production notes written by historian Simon Sheridan, plus "Mary Millington's World Striptease Extravaganza" (1981) and "Response", a short lesbian film, starring Mary Millington, made in 1974.
References.
" Keeping the British End Up: Four Decades of Saucy Cinema" by Simon Sheridan (fourth edition) (Titan Publishing, London) (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="19418962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418962" title="Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band">
Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band

Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band is Kristeen Young's debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="19418972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418972" title="Levasseur PL.6">
Levasseur PL.6

__NOTOC__
The Levasseur PL.6 was a two-seat fighter aircraft built in France in 1926 in order to meet an Aéronautique Militaire requirement for a new aircraft of this type, designated C2 (for "Chasseur" - "fighter", 2 seat). Constructed along the same lines as Levasseur's naval aircraft of the same era, it was a conventional, single-bay biplane with seating for the pilot and tail gunner in separate, open cockpits. Flight testing of the prototype commenced in 1926, and it was exhibited at the "Salon de l'Aéronautique" at the end of the year. 
The PL.6 was evaluated against the Avimeta AVM-88, the ANF Les Mureaux 3 and 4, Blériot-SPAD S.60, Villiers Vil.24 and Wibault Wib.12. However, before any one of these was selected for production, the requirement was cancelled. No further PL.6s were built.

</doc>
<doc id="19418977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19418977" title="Alured Ransom">
Alured Ransom

Alured Chaffee "Slim" Ransom (November 12, 1908-January 13, 1992) was a sports educator from the United States who helped develop physical education programs in Afghanistan. While in the US, he was a college football and basketball coach, coaching from 1941 until 1954. His career football coaching record was 30 wins, 41 losses, and 2 ties with a winning percentage of .411. He also spent some time coaching and as an athletic director at the high school level.
International impact.
Ransom was selected by the Asia Foundation to help develop physical education programs in Afghanistan for secondary schools and colleges. His work as an advisor to the minister of education in Afghanistan went for two years and included advising schools in the creation of facilities and preparation of instructors.
Playing career.
Ransom was a graduate of and played football for Geneva College, where he earned 12 varsity letters. While at Geneva, he earned a Bachelor of Science in Education. In 1939 he earned a Master of Education from the University of Pittsburgh.
Coaching career.
Geneva.
Prior to coaching at Dickinson, Ransom was the 19th head football coach for the Geneva College Golden Tornadoes located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania and he held that position for four seasons, for the 1941 season, and then returned for 1946 until 1948. His coaching record at Geneva was 20 wins, 12 losses, and 2 ties. As of completion of the 2007 season, this ranks him eighth at Geneva in total wins and tenth at Geneva in winning percentage (.618). Geneva awarded a "Distinguished Service Award" to him in 1982. His coaching was interrupted by World War II and his military service (see entry below).
Washington & Jefferson.
Ransom also coached at Washington & Jefferson College for 1950 and 1951, posting a losing record of 3 wins and 11 losses, with the 1950 season showing a winless 0-8 record.
Dickinson.
Ransom was the 27th head football coach for the Dickinson College Red Devils in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and he held that position for three seasons, from 1952 until 1954. His overall coaching record at Dickinson was 8 wins, 17 losses, and 0 ties. This ranks him 13th at Dickinson in terms of total wins and 24th at Dickinson in terms of winning percentage. He also was the basketball coach at Dickinson from 1953 through 1955, accumulating a 21-35 record.
Military service.
Ransom served in the United States Navy as a Lieutenant Commander aboard the as a gunnery officer. He saw action during World War II while in the Navy from 1942 until 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="19419009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419009" title="The Children's Hospital">
The Children's Hospital

The Children's Hospital is the second novel by Chris Adrian, published in 2006 by McSweeney's.
Introduction.
The Children's Hospital is a very long, ambitious work, with the first edition copies running some 615 pages long [http://www.amazon.com/Childrens-Hospital-Chris-Adrian/dp/1932416609]. The novel starts within the maternity ward of a famous hospital. As a storm rages outside, third-year medical student Jemma Claflin helps deliver another complicated birth. The storm soon floods the rest of the earth beneath seven miles of water. The hospital begins to float and the survivors try to retain a semblance of normal life, combating the illness of their patients and setting up an internal government.

</doc>
<doc id="19419104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419104" title="Frid">
Frid

Frid is a Jewish surname, a Slavik variation on Yiddish "frid" meaning peace. It may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19419185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419185" title="Suraqa bin Malik">
Suraqa bin Malik

Suraqa bin Malik is a member of the Quraish tribe, which pursued Muhammad when he was on his way to Medina for the Hijrah (migration). Muhammad had taken asylum inside the cave of Thawr outside Mecca. Abu Jahal and three of his accomplices, tracked Muhammad and his companion Abu Bakr, reached the mouth of the cave. Abu Bakr trembled with fear at the sound of the advancing steps of the pursuers but Muhammad assured him they were safe Allah was with them. As ordained by Allah, a spider spun a cobweb on the mouth of the cave, convincing the pursuers that no one had passed that way recently, and so they continued away.
The Quraish announced a reward of 100 camels for anyone who tracked Muhammad and Abu Bakr. Suraqa was enticed. Suraqa bin Malik was a clever and patient tracker who trailed people by their footprints on the sand, the excreta of the camels and horses. He asked his slave woman to saddle securely his agile mare and lead her well away from Mecca while he slipped out the back door of his house so that no one would know what he was about to do.
He easily tracked down the two-man caravan of Muhammad on its flight to Madinah, but as soon as he caught sight of the duo, his mare got stuck in the sand, and nothing could extricate here. The Prophet and Abu Bakr were visible within range of his arrow, but has he lifted his bow to shoot them, his hands became paralysed. He cried out, ‘O Muhammad, pray for me in order that my mare could get out of this mess. I promise, I will retrace my steps and give up the pursuit.’
Muhammad prayed, and Suraqa's mare freed herself from the sand. Such was the size of the reward, however, that Suraqa went back on his word and resumed pursuit of the duo. As he approached Muhammad, the mare got stuck into the sand again. Suraqa again prayed: ‘O Prophet, if I was released again, I would surrender my arms and return to Mecca never to pursue you. I would dissuade even others from pursuing you.’
Muhammad prayed again, and the mare again freed herself. Suraqa then declared that Muhammad’s religion would prevail one day and requested Muhammad to hand him a written promise that he would be honoured whenever Muhammad became the head of the Islamic state. Abu Bakr wrote the promise at the behest of Muhammad on a bone and handed it over to Suraqa. Even as he began to return, Muhammad told him that he would one day wear the bangles of Khusrow of Iran. He asked in wonderment if Muhammad meant the bangles of Khusrow bin Hormuz, the emperor of Iran. Muhammad nodded in acknowledgement.
Suraqa encountered several contingents of Quraish who were looking for Muhammad and persuaded them to get back to Mecca as he had found no trace of the pair on the route to Madinah. The only person whom he told of his encounter was Abu Jahl, who reproached him for his cowardice.
Within eight years of his migration to Madinah, Muhammad entered Mecca at the head of a vast army and declared general amnesty. Suraqa entered the court of Muhammad and declared shahadah. Suraqa always rued the day he pursued Muhammad for the mere earthly reward of 100 red camels. He was struck with profound grief the day Muhammad died but remembered the promise of Muhammad that he would one day receive the bangles of Khusrow of Iran.
Years passed. Iran was conquered during the caliphate of Umar ibn al-Khattab. Umar received a missive from Saad bin Abi Waqqas, commander of the Islamic forces about the conquest of Iran. A fifth of the booty was sent to Umar in Madinah. It contained the famed crown of Khusrow studded with rubies, a gold belt studded with pearls and the gold bangles. Umar was looking at each of the items sent by the Commander of the forces. Suddenly Umar called Suraqa to him and put the crown on his head, helped him don the gold embroidered dress and gold bangles.
Suraqa felt uncomfortable in the royal outfit. He raised his hands towards the sky and prayed: ‘O my Lord, how could I put on something which your Prophet deserved far more than I? I smell the air of punishment in it."
He then turned towards Umar and asked him to distribute all those royal appendages among the Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="19419200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419200" title="Aris Maliagros">
Aris Maliagros

Aris Maliagros (; also Aris Malliagros; August 17, 1895 in Argostoli on the island of Kefalonia – December 18, 1984) was a Greek actor who played several aristocratic roles. He was famous as the "master with the monocle".
Biography.
He was born on the island of Kefalonia and studied at the school in the National Theatre. He appeared in theatre for the first time at "Fioro of Levante" (1914). Later, he played in "Christinaki" (1916). "A Chocolate Soldier" (1918–19), "Butterfly" (1919–1920), "The Dance Countess" (1922), "The Misanthrope", "Hamlet", "King Lear", "The Merchant of Venice", "Cymbeline", "The Merry Wives of Windsor", "Arravoniasmata", etc. He entered into the "Greek Scene" in 1950 and at the National Theatre from 1950 and acted in "Erotic Games", "The Star of Seville", "Difficult", "Acharnis", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="19419205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419205" title="Armenians in Sweden">
Armenians in Sweden

Swedish-Armenians are Armenians living in Sweden. The number of Armenians is around 8,000 and they come mainly from countries in the Middle East. Recently Sweden is seeing some influx from the Republic of Armenia as well. Most Swedish Armenians live in Stockholm, with a significant number in Uppsala.
History.
According to the Swedish legend dating from the 10th century, a navigator by the name of Petrus was so enchanted by the beauty of an Armenian princess, that he travelled to Armenia and married her. Traces of the Armenian influence are seen in many Swedish literary works and research documents, especially in the Middle Ages.
Official Armenian presence in Sweden starts with the 18th century. A group of Armenians from Turkey accompanied Swedish King Karl XII to Sweden in 1714 and stayed on and integrated into the Swedish society over the years. Later on, many Armenians were employed by the Swedish Embassy in the Ottoman Turkey. Among those were Hagop Tchamichoglu (Tchamichian) who served in the Swedish Embassy in Constantinople in the early 18th century and Hovhannes Mouradgian who held a key position as interpreter at the same Embassy in the mid-18th century. Over the years, the Mouradgian family became closely associated with Swedish diplomatic life in the Ottoman Empire. The senior Mouradgians son and grandson, Ignatius Mouradgea dOhsson and Abraham Constantin dOhsson, are well known by Swedish historians.
Another Armenian, Abraham Constantin, served in the Swedish diplomatic corps and at various times was posted in Spain, Holland and Germany. He died in Berlin in 1851. Abraham completed his education at Uppsala University in Sweden, studying Swedish literature, history, mythology and culture. He worked closely with famous Swedish scientist John Berzelius and became an honorary member of the Scientific Union of Uppsala in recognition of his research in chemistry.
Jean Anastatsi, an Armenian merchant from Damascus, served as Swedish Consul General in Egypt from 1828 to 1857. Paul Serphino (Serafian) held a similarly important post at the Swedish Embassy in Constantinople.
The trend continued over many decades. Ohan Demirjian, the son of Stepan Bey Demirjian who served as the Foreign Minister of Egypt from 1844–1853 and was instrumental in the opening of the Suez Canal, established close ties with the Swedish royal family. Demirjian, who settled in Sweden and was granted citizenship in 1867, is well known in Swedish academic circles as the author of two books on the commercial relations and contacts between European countries of the era and the Orient. Demirjian also built a small chapel on the outskirts of Stockholm. The building still stands and architects familiar with Armenian church structures say its interior style, especially its arches and altar-like section, are very close to that seen in Armenian churches worldwide.
Community.
Originally most Armenians came in the later half of the 20th century from countries like Lebanon, Syria and Iran, however a number of its members migrated from Poland and are members of the Armenian Catholic Church (see Catholic Church in Sweden). Recently Sweden is seeing some influx from the Republic of Armenia as well. 
They were joined later on by a good number of Armenians from Iraq, following the same path as significant numbers of Iraqi Kurds, Assyrians, Chaldeans and Syriacs who had chosen Sweden to escape political turmoil in Iraq to settle in the country.
There is also a wave of Armenian immigrants from Armenia and Russia.
Armenians have set up their own traditional organizations, also forming "The Board of the Union of Armenian Associations" in Sweden. Homenetmen also operates in Sweden as a Scout union and is active in sports as well. So does the Armenian Relief Society (HOM) of Sweden based in Stockholm.
Religion.
Most Armenians belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church under the jurisdiction of the See of Holy Echmiadzin. There is the Armenian Apostolic Church Council and church in Botkyrka, Stockholm. There is also the Arevik Church Youth affiliate organization working alongside the church.
There is a smaller number belonging to the Armenian Catholic Church (around 150 families). There are church services in Södertälje and Trollhättan as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19419243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419243" title="Estado de Minas">
Estado de Minas

Estado de Minas (abbreviated "EM") is a Brazilian newspaper published in the capital of Minas Gerais state, Belo Horizonte. Its foundation dates as late as 1928, and one year later it was bought by Assis Chateaubriand's Diários Associados. "EM" is the most traditional and respected publication of Minas, and the highest-selling broadsheet of the state, with a daily average of 83.787 copies through 2012. It is only surpassed in Minas by tabloid "Super Notícia", and ranks 14th among all publications of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19419280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419280" title="Ancaster Senior Public School">
Ancaster Senior Public School

Ancaster Senior Public School is a middle school in Ancaster, Ontario, Canada, and is part of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board. The school was founded in 1968 and had an enrollment of 280 students.
Replacement.
A new school on the property of Ancaster High School is expected to replace Ancaster Senior Public School as well as an elementary school.

</doc>
<doc id="19419311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419311" title="War of Kings">
War of Kings

"War of Kings" is a comic book crossover storyline written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning, published by Marvel Comics, and set in Marvel's main shared universe. The six issue limited series was published between March and August, 2009.
The story is about a war between the Vulcan led Shi'ar empire and the Inhuman led Kree empire. The Guardians of the Galaxy, Nova Corps, Darkhawk, and the Starjammers become involved in various ways. The tag line was "When kings collide, the galaxy will tremble".
Publication history.
On July 18, 2008, Marvel.com posted a news article featuring a modified cover of "" with the phrase "Who Will Rule?", accompanied by the text "Stay tuned to Marvel.com and get ready for the blockbuster answer at San Diego Comic-Con!" At the SDCC it was announced that this was part of the build-up to the War of Kings, an outer-space storyline but focusing on the X-Men family of characters, rather than the cosmic entities. The core series was written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning and edited by Bill Rosemann
The event started in December 2008 with the mini-series "", and continued in the "Secret Invasion: War of Kings" one-shot (Jan 2010) and "War of Kings" #1-6 (Mar - Aug 2010). Abnett and Lanning tied the main series into their other titles, "Guardians of the Galaxy" and "Nova" (vol 4). C. B. Cebulski wrote two other tie-in mini-series, "War of Kings: Darkhawk" and "War of Kings: Ascension". A series on Marvel Digital Comics, "War of the Kings: Warriors" by Christos Gage, tied into the storyline, and featured different stories focusing on Gladiator, Blastaar, Lilandra and Crystal. These four stories were later collected and published as "War of Kings: Warriors" 1-2.
Plot summary.
Opening Shots.
In the aftermath of the Secret Invasion storyline, Black Bolt and the Inhumans return to the Kree for their right to lineage as rulers. They come into direct conflict with Emperor Vulcan and his campaign of expansion for the Shi'ar. The first issue sets up this conflict and shows an attack at the wedding of Ronan the Accuser and Crystal - a betrothal arranged by the Inhuman king, Black Bolt, to unite the two races, resolve ancient hostilities and for common defense against mutual enemies. The Inhumans and Kree reply in kind, attacking the Shi'ar in the following issue.
War of Kings main series.
Vulcan then embarks on an ambitious plan to conquer the rest of the universe 
Gladiator of the Shi'ar Imperial Guard leads the assault against the Inhumans. As Crystal of the Inhuman Royal Family and Ronan the Accuser are about to be married to unite the Inhumans with the Kree, they are attacked by Gladiator and the Guard. Gladiator takes on Black Bolt and is able to defeat him with some help from White Noise. The Guard also captures Princess Lilandra who is with the Kree and Inhumans. Ronan also falls as he tries to help Crystal. Gladiator says that they have made their statement, and the Imperial Guard leave. Medusa shouts that the Shi'ar will pay with their blood for what they have done.
Gladiator and the Guard face off against the new batch of Nova Centurions whom they quickly defeat. Gladiator's cousin, Xenith, shows up informing him that the Emperor has ordered Gladiator to present Lilandra to him. Gladiator quickly leaves, though he clearly shows his dislike for his cousin and her presence. Gladiator walks a fine line in doing his duty for an emperor he personally dislikes while still protecting Lilandra from his wrath. Later, the Starjammers, accompanied by a faction of the Guardians of the Galaxy, attack Gladiator's ship to extract Lilandra. He is taken out of the fight by Rocket Raccoon, aided by Marvel Girl, until he sees through their trick. He quickly defeats the rest of their team and recaptures Lilandra before she can escape. She pleads with him again but another Guard interrupts her and demands that Gladiator do as the Emperor ordered and kill Lilandra and the others. 
After battling the Starjammers and the Guardians of the Galaxy, Gladiator is swayed by Lilandra's argument against Vulcan and kills a member of the Imperial Guard loyal to the Emperor, saying that he is loyal to Lilandra. In the next issue, Lilandra is killed by Darkhawk - Razor. Gladiator goes crazy and begins to attack all of his enemies. Vulcan and Black Bolt battle on a ship/bomb. Black Bolt has the final strike and seemingly kills Vulcan. As Crystal and Lockjaw are about to take Black Bolt away, Vulcan gets up and pushes Black Bolt to the ground. Just as Lockjaw and Crystal escape, their ship blows up and both kings are seemingly killed. Back on the Shi'ar home planet, Gladiator becomes the new emperor. Also, the explosion from the ship has literally made a hole in the fabric of space and time. This rift is actually the event that Starhawk (in "Guardians of the Galaxy") was trying to prevent. It's dubbed "The Fault." The Shi'ar fleet, suffering from the explosion, surrenders to the Inhumans, but the price is too high.
The Fraternity of Raptors.
A second wearer of Darkhawk armor calling himself Talon arrives on Earth and tells Chris Powell (the original wearer of the armor) he is part of an ancient organization known as "The Fraternity of Raptors," who were created to protect the universe. After millennia of dormancy, only Darkhawk and Talon are left, and their job now is to return the balance to the universe. Unfortunately for Chris, Talon has lied—when Chris accesses the memories in his armor, he concludes that the Fraternity of Raptors are the bad guys ... just as Talon apparently purges Chris's consciousness from the armor. A new identity for the armor, "Razor," emerges and takes control.
Talon and Razor then recover the Cosmic Control Rod from Catastrophus, stopping briefly for Talon to implant a suggestion in the gestating Annihilus. Chris's personality was not wholly destroyed yet, and a vision of his father tells him that much of what he believed about the armor was false: the prior history, even Evilhawk himself, was a lie made up by Chris's mind, and the other armor is a second configuration that took control to cover earlier anger issues. Horrified, Chris' psyche breaks free of the prison in which it was locked, only for Chris to find himself on a great tree adorned with thousands of amulets like his own, where he encounters gargoyle-like creatures that urge him to return to the one from which he has just emerged. Meanwhile, in the Negative Zone, Talon and Razor offer Blastaar the Cosmic Control Rod in exchange for his assistance influencing the outcome of the War of Kings. Talon then appears to Vulcan, telling him that the Fraternity was created in order to keep the Imperium strong. Talon also tells him, through the Datasong, that Blastaar is helping the Shi'ar, and also tells him of Lilandra's coup on Chandilar. Razor is later seen on Chandilar, disguised as a Shi'ar. Although Rachel Grey manages to see his true form, he shoots several Shi'ar before he kills Lilandra.
The Nova Corps.
The newly reformed and under-trained Nova Corps suffer great casualties facing the Shi'ar Imperial Guard. When Nova's brother, Robbie, attempts to rescue a fellow corpsman he had befriended, he finds himself needing rescue. Nova and some more experienced centurions rescue Robbie and take Strontian and Ravenous into custody. The Kree territory that had been under Ravenous' control is left to "King" Blastarr.
The Guardians of the Galaxy.
In an attempt to prevent, and then stop, the war, the Guardians of the Galaxy split into two groups. The team led by Rocket Racoon tries to communicate with Vulcan, and Star-Lord's team appeals to the Inhumans. Neither group has any success.
Tie-ins.
November 2008:
December 2008:
January 2009:
February 2009:
March 2009:
April 2009:
May 2009:
June 2009:
July 2009:
August 2009:
September 2009:
Aftermath: Realm of Kings.
Following the conclusion of "War of Kings" in August 2009 the one-shot "War of Kings: Who Will Rule?" was published, which served as an epilogue to "War of Kings" as well as setting the stage for "Realm of Kings". 
"Realm of Kings" began with an eponymous one-shot in November 2009 and continued with three mini-series "Realm of Kings: Inhumans", "Realm of Kings: Imperial Guard" and "Realm of Kings: Son of Hulk". As with "War of Kings" both "Nova" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" also tied into the event with "Nova" #31-35 and "Guardians of the Galaxy" #20-24.
Collected editions.
The various stories are being collected into trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="19419320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419320" title="American Philosophical Quarterly">
American Philosophical Quarterly

The American Philosophical Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering philosophy. It was established in 1964 by Nicholas Rescher and is published quarterly by University of Illinois Press under license with North American Philosophical Publications.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="19419343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419343" title="Media in Honolulu">
Media in Honolulu

Newspapers.
Honolulu is served by one daily newspaper, the "Honolulu Star-Advertiser". The newspaper began publication on June 7, 2010, following the merger of the city's two daily newspapers, the "Honolulu Advertiser" and the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin". Prior to the merger, Honolulu had been one of the few cities of its size in the U.S. to have more than one daily newspaper.
There is also "MidWeek", a weekly newspaper which is published every Wednesday by O'ahu Publications Inc., and distributed free on O'ahu.
Magazines.
Honolulu has the longest established magazine west of the Mississippi, Honolulu Magazine, the only city magazine in the state of Hawai‘i.
Television.
Full Power TV Stations.
Early conversion to DT.
On January 15, 2009, Hawaii became the first state in the United States to have its television stations switch from analog to digital early. As a result of this move, all of Honolulu's full-power TV stations, including network affiliates and independent stations, ceased analog broadcasting at noon on that date. By making the switch early, the broadcast towers atop Haleakala near the birds' nesting grounds can be dismantled without interfering with the petrels' nesting season. Also, as a result of the conversion, the former NTSC channels listed in this table are now the same channels that can be seen on a PSIP Virtual channel.
Cable and satellite television.
Oceanic-Time Warner Cable (a division of Time Warner Cable) is the primary cable television carrier in the Honolulu metropolitan area. However, in June 2011, Hawaiian Telcom, the state's main telephone carrier, was given a license to start providing cable services in Hawaii, which is expected to begin in early 2012 in Honolulu County before going statewide. Satellite television (DIRECTV, Dish Network, some C-Band) is also available as an alternative.
Satellite radio.
Due to its geographical location, service from Sirius XM Radio (the parent company of Sirius Satellite Radio and XM Satellite Radio) is not reachable, although Sirius XM programming can be reached through other outlets via internet or through subscription from various phone providers. XM progamming was featured on DIRECTV channels in Honolulu, but DIRECTV dropped the lineup in February 2010 in favor of Sonic Tap. 
That all changed in 2011, when Sirius XM received approval from the FCC to begin transmission to Hawaii and Alaska as it prepares to place a 1.8Kw transmitter in downtown Honolulu in anticipation for a future launch. Sirius XM had been trying to expand service into Hawaii since 2007 but had opposition from the Hawaii Association of Broadcasters fearing loss of local competition. The FCC rejected the HAB's petition.

</doc>
<doc id="19419351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419351" title="AM730">
AM730

AM730 is a free newspaper in Hong Kong. It was founded by, and is still published by, Shih Wing Ching, chairman of Centaline, an estate agent. 
In January 2014, Shih revealed that many mainland companies were cancelling advertising with the paper, for its perceived anti-Beijing editorial stance.

</doc>
<doc id="19419359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419359" title="Crystal Kelly">
Crystal Kelly

Crystal Kelly (born September 15, 1986) is a professional basketball player in the WNBA.
High school.
Kelly played for Sacred Heart Academy in Louisville, Kentucky, where she was named a WBCA All-American. In addition, Kelly was named the 2004 Kentucky Miss Basketball. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game where she scored four points.
College.
Kelly attended college at Western Kentucky University, where she was a standout basketball player. She broke the WKU women's basketball program record for career rebounds, and earned a place in the top 25 career scorers in NCAA Division I women's basketball history by scoring over 2,600 points. In her senior year, she led the nation with a 64.8% field goal shooting percentage. Kelly was named to the all-Sun Belt Conference team during each of her four collegiate seasons, and was named the 2008 Sun Belt Player of the Year in her senior season. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in public relations in 2008.
Professional.
Following her collegiate career, Kelly was selected in the third round (31st overall) in the 2008 WNBA Draft by the Houston Comets. The Comets waived Kelly in May 2008, but a few days later she was signed to the Sacramento Monarchs.
Kelly averaged 7 points per game in 16 minutes per game as a backup to starting forward Rebekkah Brunson during the 2008 regular season. Then an injury to Brunson allowed Kelly to become a starter and a notable scorer during the WNBA Playoffs. In the Monarchs' victory over the San Antonio Silver Stars in Game 2 of the Western Conference semifinals, Kelly led all scorers with 19 points.
Post-Playing Days.
In late August 2012, Chancellor Dugan, new head coach at Bellarmine University in Louisville announced the hiring of Kelly as an assistant women's basketball coach beginning with the 2012-13 season. Kelly will be responsible for recruiting and post player development.

</doc>
<doc id="19419370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419370" title="Mortal Kombat (disambiguation)">
Mortal Kombat (disambiguation)

Mortal Kombat is a fighting game series. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19419380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419380" title="The Trapp Family">
The Trapp Family

The Trapp Family () is a 1956 West German film. It is one of the most successful German films of the 1950s. Directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner, the film is based on Maria von Trapp's memoir, "The Story of the Trapp Family Singers". "The Trapp Family" was the inspiration for the even more fictionalized Broadway musical "The Sound of Music" and its highly successful 1965 film version.
The film had one sequel, "The Trapp Family in America" ("Die Trapp-Familie in Amerika").

</doc>
<doc id="19419441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419441" title="Desino">
Desino

Desino (, formerly Τεσινόν - "Tesinon") is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece. As of 2001, it had a population of 16. The village is situated in the eastern foothills of Mount Erymanthos. The name is a corruption of the word στενό "narrow". Desino is 2 km east of Kamenianoi, 4 km west of Priolithos and 15 km southwest of Kalavryta.

</doc>
<doc id="19419443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419443" title="Sortie (album)">
Sortie (album)

Sortie is the sixth album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and was recorded in Italy in 1966 and released on the GTA label. It features six tunes written by Lacy and performed by Lacy, Enrico Rava, Aldo Romano and Kent Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="19419444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419444" title="Great Swamp (New York)">
Great Swamp (New York)

The Great Swamp in eastern Putnam and Dutchess counties is one of the largest wetlands in the U.S. State of New York.
Geography and ecology.
The Great Swamp, also known as the Great Patterson Swamp, is located in eastern Putnam and Dutchess counties, in the U.S. State of New York. The swamp covers almost of land in the Putnam County municipalities of Southeast, Patterson, and the Dutchess County municipalities of Town of Pawling, the Village of Pawling and the Town of Dover, making it one of the largest wetlands in the state. The Great Swamp is located at the northern end of the intruding suburban development from Westchester County and New York City to the south. Roughly 40,000 people live in the watershed, which is divided into two sections at Pawling. To the north, the water flows from the Swamp River into the Ten Mile River, which flows into the Housantonic River, and in time reaches the Long Island Sound. To the south, the East Branch of the Croton flows southward to the Croton River, and eventually into the East Branch Reservoir, one of New York City's drinking water reservoirs. The Great Swamp is a Critical Environmental Area, (CEA) designated DP-22 by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The largest single body of water within the Great Swamp is Ice Pond, accessed by a steep dirt road. Ice Pond was utilized for at least two ice harvesting operations, one of which dates back to 1867.
The Great Swamp is home to about 180 species of bird, including 100 that breed there. The red-winged blackbird is one of the most commonly observed, while the bittern, sora, and marsh wren are often not seen. The large size, wide range of habitat, and river dynamics are what make these wetlands so suitable for wildlife. Several areas, ponds, and preserves have concentrated wildlife. Camp Sharparoon, now the Dover Furnace Shooting Preserve, an area west of New York State Route 22, was home to one of the first breeding grounds for ravens within the county. Other commonly seen species include turkey vultures, red-tail hawks, swallows, swifts, black vulture, redstart, veery, indigo bunting, Louisiana waterthrush, northern waterthrush, winter wren, black-throated green warbler, willow flycatcher, and alder flycatcher. Throughout other areas, the wood duck, mallard, Canada goose, great blue heron, and belted kingfisher are seen nesting in various bridges. The Great Swamp i Audubon-designated Important Bird Area #89.
History.
In and around Patterson, layers of underground clay suggest the swamp was once a large and shallow lake. While it is unknown exactly when man first inhabited the region, it is estimated that Archaic people existed there for about 8,000 years. Artifacts found at the Rosebud Site off of New York State Route 311 suggest occupations in the swamp date back to the Woodland period. Archaic hunters were drawn to the wetland because of its vast array of plants and vegetables, as well as migratory waterfowl and fish. According to Horace Hillery in an article entitled "The Great Swamp", "The Indian-Dutch treaty of 1617 said furs from The Great Swamp in Patterson were most desirable. The Indian Cemetery at the mouth of Haviland Hollow was probably near the Indian winter trapping camp." The Great Swamp was sold to Lt. Gov. Nathan Gold of Connecticut in 1707, and thereafter, the first white settlers fought over ownership of the eastern side of the wetland. This tract of land is known as The Oblong, and until 1731, was part of Connecticut. In consideration of a separate piece of land further south, Connecticut surrendered to New York, and the state gained ownership. Between 1744 and 1757, Pine Island, a ledge in the middle of the swamp, served as a camp for a set of counterfeiters who printed thousands of 20 Shilling Rhode Island notes.
Local farmers were disappointed at the loss of potential farm land to the swamp. In 1797, a petition was sent to the New York State Legislature for the swamp to be drained. Another similar proposal arose in 1840, though the idea was never implemented. New York City sought the region as a potential reservoir in the early 1900s. The swamp had an effect on the local region. Children in Patterson were often deemed "swamp rats" by school students in nearby Carmel.
In March 1936, a "great and unusual ice flood" caused local water levels to rise. The bridge carrying New York State Route 311 over the Great Swamp received cracks in its foundation due to the pressure of the water and melting ice, and was lifted off its foundation and swept into the swamp.

</doc>
<doc id="19419467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419467" title="Maytê Piragibe">
Maytê Piragibe

Maytê Piragibe (born Maytê Bernardes Rodrigues Piragibe on December 2, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress and keyboardist.

</doc>
<doc id="19419469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419469" title="AM1200">
AM1200

AM1200 or AM 1200 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19419510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419510" title="Nabil Guelsifi">
Nabil Guelsifi

Nabil Guelsifi (born November 27, 1986 in Lille, France) is a French-Algerian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for K.S.K. Ronse in the Belgian Second Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19419511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419511" title="DeCori Birmingham">
DeCori Birmingham

DeCori Birmingham (born November 22, 1982 in Atlanta, Texas) is a former professional gridiron football running back. He was signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Arkansas.
Birmingham has also been a member of the New York Jets, San Francisco 49ers, New York Giants, Frankfurt Galaxy, Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers.
On March 25, 2010, Birmingham signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. On June 9, 2010, Birmingham retired from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="19419567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419567" title="David Cabrera Pujol">
David Cabrera Pujol

David Cabrera Pujol (born September 7, 1989) is a Mexican football player.
He currently plays as a Midfielder for Club Universidad Nacional, a Mexico City team commonly known as the Pumas.
Honours.
Pumas UNAM

</doc>
<doc id="19419576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419576" title="List of Toronto Blue Jays Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Toronto Blue Jays Opening Day starting pitchers

The Toronto Blue Jays are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in Toronto, Ontario. They play in the American League East division. The Blue Jays first played their home games at Exhibition Stadium until , when they moved into the SkyDome, which was renamed Rogers Centre in 2005. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Blue Jays have used 19 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 34 seasons. The 19 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 12 wins, 13 losses and 9 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game.
The Blue Jays first Opening Day starting pitcher was Bill Singer, who received a no decision against the Chicago White Sox. Roy Halladay holds the Blue Jays' record for most Opening Day starts with seven consecutively from to , and has an Opening Day record of 3–3. Halladay also has the most starts at home with four. Dave Lemanczyk has the worst winning percentage as the Opening Day starting pitcher with a record of 0–2, both of which were pitched away from Exhibition Stadium.
Overall, the Blue Jays' Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 0 wins and 1 loss at Exhibition Stadium, and 5 wins and 3 losses at SkyDome/Rogers Centre. In addition, although the Blue Jays were nominally the home team on Opening Day 2001, the game was played in Hiram Bithorn Stadium in Hato Rey, Puerto Rico. Esteban Loaiza started the game in Hato Rey and won, making the Blue Jays' Opening Day starting pitchers' combined home record 6 wins and 4 losses, and their away record 6 wins and 9 losses. The Blue Jays went on to play in the American League Championship Series playoff games in 1985, 1989 and 1991, and won the World Series in 1992 and 1993. Dave Stieb, Jimmy Key and Jack Morris were the Opening Day starting pitchers those years, and had a combined Opening Day record of 2 wins and 3 losses.
The Blue Jays and the Cleveland Indians currently hold the record for the longest Opening Day game in Major League history. They set that record on Opening Day 2012, when Jairo Asencio of the Indians gave up a 3-run home run in the top of the 16th inning to give the Blue Jays the win. This broke the record of 15 innings set between the Indians and the Detroit Tigers in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19419585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419585" title="David Arnoldo Cabrera">
David Arnoldo Cabrera

David Arnoldo Cabrera (born jan 27, 1949) is a retired football player from El Salvador.
Club career.
Cabrera is the alltime top goalscorer of Salvadoran side C.D. FAS, with 240 goals scored in a 20 years career with the club between the years 1967-1987.
Although he won three Primera division titles (1972, 1981, 1983) his best season during his 20 years in the primera division was during the 1975-1976 season where he scored 25 goals and his best game performance was in FAS 7-2 victory against UES on January 3, 1980 where he scored six of the team seven goals.
International career.
Cabrera represented his country during the qualifiers for the 1978 FIFA World Cup in Argentina. He also was included in the squad for the 1970 tournament but did not actually play.

</doc>
<doc id="19419589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419589" title="King Kong Encounter">
King Kong Encounter

King Kong Encounter was an attraction formerly part of the Studio Tour at Universal Studios Hollywood. The scene, located amongst the New York Street backlot sets in the heart of the studios, was destroyed by a massive fire in 2008, and was replaced by , which was opened on 1 July 2010.
Summary.
The show began as the tour tram entered the soundstage and stopped in front of an apartment building facade where guests watched a breaking news report about Kong's rampage on television monitors located inside of the building's windows. A news chopper circling overhead was covering the story when Kong suddenly swatted at the chopper, causing it to come crashing down from above and exploding only a few feet away from the tram. As the tram rounded a corner, it drove out onto the Brooklyn Bridge, putting guests at eye-level with the giant animatronic ape. The enraged Kong shook the bridge and ripped the suspension bridge cables apart in an attempt to grab the tram. But guests managed to narrowly escape the clutches of Kong as the tram exited the soundstage just in the nick of time.
Mechanics and inspirations.
The 7-ton, 30-foot-tall Kong figure in the attraction was the largest and most complex animatronic figure in existence for many years. Kong was designed by legendary Disney Imagineer Bob Gurr. The detailing was so rich that Kong even had banana-scented breath. The attraction broke new ground and paved the way for the complex themed attractions of today and was the inspiration behind the former Kongfrontation attraction at Universal Studios Florida. The Kong sequence was also featured in the film "The Wizard" starring Fred Savage and Christian Slater.
History.
Universal Studios Tour began building its $7-million, computer-controlled, 30-foot animated King Kong in December 1985 to be housed in his own lower-lot studio that duplicated Lower East Side New York. The attraction opened on June 14, 1986 and was completely destroyed by a fire in the early morning of June 1, 2008. As of June 3, 2008 Universal Studios Officials had stated that the experience would not be rebuilt, but would instead be replaced by a new contemporary attraction. This had caused outrage among fans of the giant ape, which prompted Universal's decision to bring Kong back to the tour in the form of an all new 3D film experience. Following the loss of Kong, the Earthquake tour scene is featured more often in Universal Studios Hollywood promotional materials and the Collapsing Bridge tour scene was reopened.

</doc>
<doc id="19419593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419593" title="Clovis, New Mexico jail break">
Clovis, New Mexico jail break

The Clovis, New Mexico jail break refers to an August 24, 2008 jail escape from the Curry County Adult Detention Center.
Eight inmates, all charged with violent crimes, broke out of the Clovis, New Mexico jail by climbing up plumbing pipes in a narrow space inside a wall and using handmade instruments to cut a hole in the roof near a skylight. The process took about seven hours, and the escape was the culmination of several days of planning. The inmates gained access to the pipes by stealing a key left in a door lock while jail guards were making plumbing repairs. Three inmates were recaptured within one day after the escape, and a fourth was caught on August 28. Larry McClendon, Jr., who was charged with shooting a store clerk to death and was considered one of the most dangerous escapees, was captured in Texas on October 4; his childhood friend, Michael England, was captured nine days later. One inmate, Edward Salas, was captured in October 2012. He was convicted of murdering a 10-year-old boy.
At least four inmates who did not escape were charged with assisting in the jailbreak by attempting to block the escaping inmates from surveillance cameras; authorities said additional inmates may also be charged. Since the prisoners had access to cell doors that were supposed to be locked, investigators are looking into whether the inmates had any assistance from jail staff. Several family members were charged with failing to cooperate with the investigation. Security measures have been revised as a result of the jailbreak and an independent investigation at the facility was conducted. Authorities have cited a long-standing disregard for proper policies and procedures in contributing to the escape, but they do not believe any jail staff deliberately assisted in the escape. The jail break was featured on a September 6 episode of "America's Most Wanted".
Jail break.
Escape.
Eight inmates escaped from the Curry County Adult Detention Center in Clovis on August 24, 2008 by cutting a hole in the roof and leaping off the building. The inmates were:
The escape was believed to be the culmination of several days of planning. About one week before the escape, one or more of the inmates stole a cellular phone that a nurse left on a computer table in the infirmary. Although she canceled the service immediately upon discovering it was missing, the inmates made several calls before it was disconnected, most of which between 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. on August 18. Lolo Salas, father of inmate Edward Salas, was among those called by the inmates. The phone was used by multiple inmates, including some who did not escape. Authorities would later say they believed the calls were used to coordinate parts of the escape.
According to a later investigation, the inmates likely stole a key that was left hanging in the door lock of a plumbing chase while guards were making plumbing repairs, including fixing a clogged toilet. Inmates Salas, Enriquez and Chavez shared a pod on a second floor balcony, while the other five men occupied a pod on the ground floor underneath them. The inmates used the stolen key to unlock a rarely-used door between the two pods, and slipped the key under the door of a neighboring pod. Those inmates unlocked their own pod door and the small door of a plumbing chute, a narrow space behind a common wall of the pods that contained plumbing pipes which led to the roof. The key was then returned to the original lock without the knowledge of the guards. Over the course of the 48 hours leading up to the escape, the inmates regularly traveled back and forth between the two pods to socialize and receive tattoos.
On August 24, the eight men slipped one at a time into a small door that led to the plumbing chute with the intention of climbing the pipes to the roof area. At least four inmates who did not escape the jail assisted the eight men in their plan, including Lawrence Kolek, 26; Manuel Lopez, 32; Kevyn Crane, 26; Donald Jones, 27, police allege. Surveillance camera footage revealed the four men allegedly taking turns attempting to block Salas, Enriquez and Chavez from the view of the cameras as they entered the chute. At one point, two of them stood next to each other in an attempt to conceal the escaping inmates, with one stretching his arms out in a feigned yawn; in another instance, a man held a large blanket behind his shoulders like a cape. No surveillance cameras monitored the lower pod or the roof. The surveillance footage of the upper pod spanned from 5 p.m. to 9:45 p.m. One of the three men was also observed carrying a white bag into the chute. At least two inmates not involved in the escape said they heard banging noises, but dismissed it because they believed it was construction work being done elsewhere in the building.
Once the escaping inmates climbed to the top of the pipe, they used handmade instruments to cut a hole near a skylight. It took about seven hours to cut through the jail's roof. Investigators believe the tools were fashioned from scraps of metal they found in the plumbing chase that was left behind from previous repair work. Enriquez later told police he was the one who literally cut the hole. Once they were through, some of the inmates used an evergreen near the building to break their falls as they leapt to street level. Authorities believe most of the men split up early and went different ways because discarded jail jumpsuits were found at various locations throughout Clovis. Police, however, speculated that McClendon and England stayed together due to their prior childhood associations.
Four inmates arrested.
The jailbreak was first discovered by Stephen Borders, a patrol officer with the Clovis Police Department, who spotted two Hispanic males walking casually on 12th Street, two blocks from the jail, wearing orange pants and white tank top T-shirts. Borders recognized the clothing are normal jail garments and turned a spotlight on the men, who reacted with surprise. As Borders turned to drive in their direction, they disappeared into an alley. Borders called to find out if any inmates were missing, then pursued two inmates. Three minutes later, another officer subdued one of them. Dispatch had not yet responded to Borders' inquiry about missing inmates, so he arrested the suspect, later identified as Victor Apodaca, for failing to identify himself when asked for a name. The other inmate escaped.
Two more inmates were captured on Monday, August 25 as the result of tips from the public. Enriquez was found and arrested without incident in Lubbock, a Texas city about 100 miles from Clovis. Javier Zapata was captured by federal marshals late around 11:30 p.m. in Cactus, Texas, about 165 miles from Clovis. The five inmates remaining at large were considered very dangerous because all had been charged with violent crimes, but authorities did not know whether they had any weapons. Charges related to the escape were also filed against all eight inmates. Police said they were following several tips and leads, and motorists were stopped and questioned at roadblocks on the outskirts of Clovis.
Federal agencies, including the United States Marshals Service, joined the investigation along with state police and the sheriff's department. Officials believed some of the at-large escapees could have been in West Texas and the Lubbock area, and began to focus their searches in and around Clovis, Albuquerque and Amarillo, Texas. Federal marshals started conducting sweeps of areas the escapees were known to frequent, and began looking into families and friends of the inmates. Melody Carter, McClendon's mother, said marshals searched her house and told her they did not know the escapees' state of mind, so might have to use deadly force when they find them. She told reporters, "They did inform me to be ready just in case they might have to bring him in in a body bag." Carter said she was surprised her son would flee from jail because she thought his innocence could be proved at trial, and made a public plea to the press: "I love you and I couldn't stand to lose you. Please turn yourself in."
Information gathered in Curry County led Albuquerque police to find the location of a fourth inmate, Victor Sotelo. Sotelo was arrested without incident August 28 at about 11:45 p.m. in an Ortiz Drive duplex. Investigators traveled to Albuquerque the next day to interview him, then returned him to the Curry County Adult Detention Center along with the three other captured inmates. All four men were placed in 24-hour isolation. Authorities did not disclose whether Sotelo provided any information of value to the investigation. Investigators said they were expanding the scope of their previous searches, and were optimistic of the direction of the search; Curry County Undersheriff Wesley Waller said, "We're four down, four to go. ... The investigation is going well."
Additional arrests.
Authorities determined the escape plan was too elaborate for the inmates to have carried it out by themselves and felt it would require help from both inside and outside the jail. Investigators began looking into both the inmates and whether any jail staff had a hand in the escapes; in particular, investigations focused on how the inmates gained access to the locked pod doors. Based on surveillance footage of the second floor pod, policed charged Kolek, Lopez, Crane and Jones with three counts each of assisting escape and three counts each of harboring or aiding a felon for their alleged assistance in the escape. Police said they expected additional arrests as the investigation continues.
District Attorney Matthew Chandler stressed anyone assisting the fugitives would face criminal charges: "They're receiving some type of assistance. We want to make it loud and clear today that anyone that assists these fugitives will be held accountable." Isodoro "Lolo" Salas, father of fugitive Edward Salas, was arrested after authorities said he refused to cooperate with investigators; Isodoro, an Albuquerque resident, was charged with obstruction of justice, a probation violation and resisting or obstruction of an officer. Asha Currey, of Clovis, the mother of escapee Michael England's child, was also arrested.
Sometime after the jailbreak, England's eight-year-old son told his elementary school guidance counselor he had seen his father at his grandmother's house. The boy was interviewed by child forensic specialists, and told them he saw both England and McClendon speak to his grandmother, Hester England, and that England asked him to hand over a Wal-Mart bag so he could pack some clothes. During an initial August 25 interview with Hester England, the Clovis resident denied knowing anything about the escape or the whereabouts of any escapees. She was interviewed again on August 27 and repeated the claims, and even said she would go to the news to ask her son to contact her. She did so, telling the media, "This is involving our whole family. Please turn yourself in. I'll be there for you no matter what. Call me night and day, I'm there for you."
After her media statement, Hester England was interviewed again and told of her grandson's confession. She then confessed that she previously lied to officers and had in fact seen the two men. Hester claimed she heard Asha Currey talking with two men outside Hester's home, and said she came outside to find England and McClendon. Hester said she knew they escaped from jail because "it was obvious." She claimed she told them to turn themselves in, but England said he was not going back to jail. He gathered clothes from the house and left. Hester said she did not tell police because she loved her son, but admitted she should have told them about McClendon, who she knew was charged with murder.
On August 28, England was arrested on charges of harboring or aiding a felon and obstructing an officer, and was released on a $6,000 bond. Hester England and Asha Currey both face up to 12 years in prison. Tiffany Wallace, McClendon's 18-year-old girlfriend, said she had a dresser drawer full of McClendon's clothing in her bedroom, but that it was gone now. She expects McClendon took them, but she denied having seen him. Wallace was not charged with any crimes.
America's Most Wanted.
Producers of the hit Fox show "America's Most Wanted" contacted Curry County authorities with plans to feature the eight inmates in an August 20 program. Undersheriff Waller said he expected the show to be "a tremendous help (because) it always generates new tips and new information." District Attorney Chandler, however, added, "Our goal is to have the show cancelled because we've caught them." The show was later rescheduled to early September because the producers decided to make it a bigger production than initially planned.
An in-depth segment aired September 6 focusing on the escape and the four inmates at large, particularly focusing on Salas and his role in the 2005 shooting death of 10-year-old Carlos Perez. Show producer Jenna Naranjo said, "He's been convicted, he's a killer, he's the most dangerous and he has nothing to lose." Noe Torres, a fugitive also charged with the Perez shooting, was also featured briefly in the segment. A Clovis police detective was flown to the East Coast studio so he could be on-hand to take any tips or calls resulting from the broadcast. Undersheriff Waller said several promising leads generated from the show, but declined to discuss them publicly.
On September 5, Curry County officials increased the reward information leading to the arrests of Salas and McClendon to $5,000, up from the original $3,000 and $2,500, respectively. Reward amounts of $1,500 for England and $1,000 for Chavez were kept in place. A Major Crimes Unit of local police, state police and federal marshals continued running a 24-hour command center into September responding to dozens of tips and calls, many of which they admitted were not fruitful. Patrols were also increased in the Curry County area, state police provided reinforcements from Quay and De Baca counties, and border patrol at the Mexico–United States border was on "high alert" for the fugitives.
Three more captures.
Larry McClendon Jr. was arrested October 4 near a West 5th Street apartment complex in Amarillo, Texas. McClendon attempted to flee on foot when he first saw the Amarillo Police Department SWAT officers, but was caught after a brief pursuit that ended in the parking lot of an Ashley Furniture store. Nobody was injured in the chase. Authorities credited a tip received through "America's Most Wanted", but McClendon's mother, Melody Carter, said she had also called U.S. marshals and told them he was in the Amarillo area. Carter spoke to her son via phone October 3, when he called her to ask for medication he needed and told her he would come to pick it up on Monday. Carter, who said she cooperated with authorities so that her son would not be injured during his capture, told the press, "He was on the verge of turning himself in. ... He was exhausted and he was tired and he didn't want to go through this no more." McClendon waived his extradition on October 7 and was to be transferred back to Clovis to face charges.
Authorities learned McClendon and Michael England had been travelling together and wearing women's attire as a disguise. Shortly after McClendon's capture, England contacted Clovis investigators through an attorney and attempted to negotiate a conditional surrender. He asked police to drop charges against his mother, Hester England, who was arrested after she lied to police about having seen her son after the escape; England also demanded two drug trafficking charges against his brother be dropped and that police return $3,000 seized by police during his brother's arrest, which England planned to use for legal fees. District Attorney Chandler said authorities believed England was in Clovis or the surrounding area and would continue searching for him, but they were not interested in making such a deal with him.
England was captured without incident on October 3 around 11:30 a.m. after a tip led Clovis police to an apartment complex in the 500 block of Pile Street. Three additional people were arrested at the apartment for helping to hide England: Asha Curry, 27; Robin Kirven, 37 and Samantha Wallace, 19. All three were charged with harboring and aiding a fugitive and were held on $5,000 bonds.
On December 8, a customer at the Lowe's grocery store in Clovis spotted who they believed to be Louis Chavez in the store and notified police. As police officers pulled into the store's parking lot, they saw Chavez and another male enter a vehicle. They approached the vehicle and found Chavez trying to hide on the floorboard. Although he gave officers a false name, they quickly identified Chavez based on his tattoos and other physical characteristics and arrested him.
During questioning, Chavez told police he had been hiding in Texas for some time and had returned to Clovis only a few hours before his capture, although police believe he had returned to the city about a week prior. Chavez claimed he and the other escapees went their separate ways after the escape and that he did not know the location of Edward Salas, the remaining escapee. But investigators said they had information that contradicted those statements, including evidence that Chavez and Sala were together for at least some time after the escape. Police charged Anthony Lanaro, 24, the male driver of the vehicle with aiding and abetting a felon, but the driver claimed he did not personally know Chavez and was only giving him a ride after having picked him up recently in Clovis.
Final capture.
One inmate, Edward Salas, remained at large long after the jail break. On December 19, 2011, he was placed on the U.S. Marshals 15 Most Wanted List. He was captured in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico on October 4, 2012, and is awaiting extradition to New Mexico. He had been working as an assassin for the Zetas cartel.
Security responses and prosecutions.
Immediate security responses.
The Curry County Adult Detention Center contained 188 inmates at the time of the jailbreak, including 141 males and 47 females. County Manager Lance Pyle said he had known since early 2008 that video surveillance at the jail was in need of repairs and revamping. At the time of the jailbreak there were 24 cameras at the facility, three of which outside. Pyle said footage was only stored for a few days, visibility was poor, blind spots exist and additional cameras were needed. On August 27, Curry County commissioners approved a bid for a $166,000 system that would increase the number of cameras to 76, with 13 more outside. A jail management board was implemented to oversee the facility and sheriff department officials were temporarily reassigned to assist jail administrators with facility management. Visiting privileges for all inmates were suspended after the escape, but were reinstated in early September. Educational programs, along with religious and library services, were suspended in light of the escape because officials said prisoners could smuggle contraband and manipulate teachers. The programs were already under review prior to the escape, but jail officials said they would still eventually be reinstated because they were believed to curb recidivism.
County commissioners began seeking an architect to review other changes at the jail after the escape. Officials said there was a need for additional security doors and were several issues with the existing doors, intercom systems and the control board that operates doors. Officials said inmates regularly found creative ways to keep their cell doors from being closed, including using dominoes and wet toilet paper. Doors that had been removed from the women's annex cells in 2007 were reinstalled in September, and additional security and officials were installed to watch the female inmates. Officials also installed iron bars and a locked door as a boundary between detention officers and inmates, in place of what used to be a simple line on the floor. Eight new officers were hired by October and officials said the training process for new guards was improved. Officer stations were designed to allow 360-degree visibility of the pods and windows were covered with one-way tint so the prisoners could not see outside. Routine searches by drug-sniffing dogs were also implemented at the jail.
Independent investigation of the jail.
As of mid-September, police, jail and county officials had failed to address why detention officers were not aware of the escape even though it took about seven hours to complete. No detention center employees have been disciplined, fired, placed on leave or resigned. An independent assessment of the detention center by the New Mexico Association of Counties was ordered in response to the escape, and District Attorney Chandler said one of the driving factors would be whether any jail employees were criminally liable. Chandler assured the public any uncovered criminal activity would result in charges: “I am pretty bothered by the fact that these guys we caught the first time are out, that our victims can’t sleep comfortably and that the community (has had to be on alert)."
A preliminary assessment was provided to the county commissioners at their September 3 meeting, but although they spent more than two-and-a-half hours discussing them in a closed executive session with consultants, they declined to discuss them with the public or the press. County Manager Lance Pyle said he would not discuss any preliminary findings, but would make public any policies or procedures that are changed or items that require monetary commitment. The Clovis News Journal submitted a formal public information request for the assessment, but county officials denied in on September 9, claiming the assessment was provided to the county attorney, and that attorney–client privilege exempted it from the Public Records Act. Leonard DeLayo, executive director of the New Mexico Foundation for Open Government," said the county was "off base" and the refusal to hand over the document "is a serious violation of the spirit and intent of open government."
Pyle said detention experts and state police were assessing the jail and an action plan would be put into place after the assessment was completed. Although Chandler declined to identify specifics of the preliminary assessment, he said it provided some new insights, including how the inmates were able to move freely between two pods for up to 48 hours before the escape. However, he also said it left other questions unanswered, including how the inmates obtained the instruments to cut the hole in the roof. Members of the region's Major Crimes Unit were asked to reinterview inmates and detention officers in response to those unanswered questions. As of October, county officials continued to decline publicly commenting on the assessment, citing personnel issues.
Dan Aguilar, a special agent with Chandler's office compiled an investigative report in late September which indicated the inmates stole a key that guards left hanging in a door lock while making plumbing repairs. The detention officers interviewed did not know if the key was left in the door, but at least one said it was possible. Chandler blamed the escape on "complacency" and "a failure to pay attention to detail." The report found pod checks scheduled every hour were not completed during the weekend leading up to the escape due to staffing shortages. It also found guards rarely entered the pods where prisoners were housed, and cell doors within the pods designed to be locked down at night did not work for several months, allowing inmates free run of the pods. Chandler said he hopes to see the jail's issues corrected, and said procedures and polices that should have been followed "have been thrown to the wind for quite some time."
Chandler said the report did not find that the inmates received intentional help from jail staff, but an inmate told New Mexico State Police in a separate investigative report that at least one guard had assisted in the escape. Chandler, however, maintained all other interviews and evidence indicated the contrary, and said the inmate who made the accusation had a "history of conflict" with the guard. issued a separate investigative report in early October which revealed the inmates stole a cellular phone from a nurse in the jail's infirmary and used it to place several calls in the week before the escape. Unlike phone calls made from then jail's land lines, the cellular phone conversations were not recorded. Therefore, although authorities said they strongly believe some of the calls involved planning the escape, they were unable to determine the exact nature of the calls. The phone was later found in the possession of an inmate who did not escape.
Criminal charges.
On September 25, 2008, Javier Zapata and Enriquez were each charged with escape from jail, conspiracy to escape from jail and criminal damage to property over $1,000. Enriquez was committed to prison in lieu of $125,000 cash-only bail due to his history of violent crimes, and faces more than four additional years in prison for his role in the escape. Zapata pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 18 additional months in prison on March 3, 2009, but the sentence was suspended on March 22.
Lawrence Kolek, Manuel Lopez and Kevyn Crane were also arraigned on September 25 for their alleged roles in helping the inmates escape. The three men face a possible nine years in prison; authorities said the penalty is steep because one of the escapees, Salas, was a convicted murderer. Bonds for Lopez and Kolek were set at $25,000 cash-only, and $15,000 cash-only for Crane.
On January 14, 2009, Victor Apodaca pleaded guilty to one count of escape from custody. He was sentenced to two-and-a-half more years in prison, which will commence following the completion of his existing 15-year sentence on unrelated charges. Apodaca was sentenced as a habitual offender.
In January 2009, District Attorney Matt Chandler also charged Velma Valdez, 44, and Abundio Valdez, 34, with two counts each of harboring a felon. Chandler said upon arresting Luiz Chavez, authorities learned Chavez and Edward Salas were transported to Friona in West Texas in the trunk of Abundio Valdez, who along with Velma gave them supplies shortly after their escape. Velma Valdez was related to Salas by marriage. The car took back roads during the escape to avoid roadblocks set by police. Abundio pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 15 years in prison on May 7, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19419597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419597" title="USNS Private Frank J. Petrarca (T-AK-250)">
USNS Private Frank J. Petrarca (T-AK-250)

USNS "Private Frank J. Petrarca" (T-AK-250) was an "Alamosa"-class cargo ship that was constructed for the U.S. Navy during the closing period of World War II. However, the war ended, and she was transferred to the U.S. Army as USAT "Private Frank J. Petrarca" who kept her in service until transferred to the U.S. Navy in 1950.
Built in Long Beach, California.
"Private Frank J. Petrarca" was laid down as "Long Splice" (MC hull 2329) by the Consolidated Steel Corporation, Ltd., Long Beach, California, 18 April 1945; launched 8 July 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Eloi J. Amar; and delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission, thence to Lykes Brothers, 20 September 1945.
As "Long Splice", the cargo ship was operated by Lykes Brothers under General Agency Agreement until returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission and transferred to the War Department, 29 August 1946.
U.S. Army service.
Renamed "Private Frank J. Petrarca", 31 October 1947, she operated with the Army Transportation Service until again transferred, to the Navy, 1 July 1950.
U.S. Navy service.
Placed in service, with the designation "T–AK–250" on 6 July 1950, she was assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) and served the Mid-Pacific Ocean area until 1959.
Between 9 April 1959 and 4 July 1960, the AK was laid up at Suisun Bay, California, as a unit of the Maritime Administration's National Defense Reserve Fleet. 
Reacquired by the Navy on the latter date, she was again assigned to MSTS, under which she resumed cargo carrying duties between Pacific Ocean ports. In 1962, she participated in a cost and feasibility study of year round ocean service in Alaskan waters.
Antarctic service.
Four years later, she delivered supplies to McMurdo Sound, Antarctica, to support Deep Freeze ‘66. In accomplishing that mission she became the first cargo ship to be so employed without benefit of an ice-strengthened hull. Since that time, into 1970, "Private Frank J. Petrarca" continued to carry vital supplies and equipment, particularly to southeast Asia, for MSTS, Pacific.
Final inactivation.
She was struck from the Navy List on 15 October 1973 and subsequently sold on 1 December 1977, her ultimate fate unknown.
Honors and awards.
Qualified vessel personnel were authorized the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19419605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419605" title="Strongroom (film)">
Strongroom (film)

Strongroom is a 1962 British crime drama film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Derren Nesbitt, Colin Gordon and Ann Lynn. During a bank robbery the bank manager and cashier are locked in a safe, but the criminals are forced to return to the bank to release them before the police arrive.

</doc>
<doc id="19419621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419621" title="Joe Fields (safety)">
Joe Fields (safety)

Joseph J. Fields (born October 5, 1985 in Houston, Texas) is a free agent American football safety who last played for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Syracuse.
College career.
At Syracuse, Fields began his career at Quarterback. But when Andrew Robinson became the starter and Tanard Jackson left for the NFL, Fields became a safety.
NFL Career.
Fields played for the Carolina Panthers for a brief stint before getting cut due to injury. After being cut he did not pursue a roster spot with another team

</doc>
<doc id="19419627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419627" title="Jean-Baptiste-Maximien Parchappe de Vinay">
Jean-Baptiste-Maximien Parchappe de Vinay

Jean-Baptiste-Maximien Parchappe de Vinay (October 21, 1800 – March 12, 1866) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Épernay, Marne.
Parchappe de Vinay studied in medicine in Rouen and Paris, earning his medical doctorate in 1827. From 1835 to 1848 he practiced psychiatry at the Maison de Saint-Yon in Rouen. In 1848, he was appointed inspector-general of French mental asylums and sanitation services of prisons.
With Guillaume Ferrus (1784–1861) and Jacques-Étienne Belhomme (1800–1880), he was a prominent figure in 19th-century French psychiatry in regards to physicians who believed that the cause of most mental illnesses could be localized anatomically. He performed extensive research involving general paralysis of the insane, and while at Saint-Yon he published a pioneer study of psychiatric statistics titled "Recherches statistiques sur les causes de l'alienation mentale".

</doc>
<doc id="19419630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419630" title="Ender in Flight">
Ender in Flight

"Ender in Flight" is a story by Orson Scott Card set in his Ender's Game universe. It takes place in between "A Young Man With Prospects" and "The Gold Bug". It tells the story of a power struggle between Ender and Admiral Quincy Morgan on the voyage to the colony world Shakespeare. It appears in Card's Webzine "InterGalactic Medicine Show".
Plot summary.
Ender and Valentine Wiggin are on their way to the new human colony planet Shakespeare where Ender is to become the governor. Most of the passengers on board have decided to be put in stasis for the two year duration of the flight. Alessandra and Dorabella Toscano are among the colonists who chose to stay awake. During the trip they befriend Ender because Dorabella wants Ender to fall in love with and marry her daughter. The captain of the ship, Admiral Quincy Morgan, has a power struggle with Ender who he considers to be nothing more than a spoiled teenager. However, as soon as the ship lands the captain is reminded by Ender, and his superiors from the International Fleet, that Ender is his superior officer on the planet and that he has to return to Earth.
Relationship to "The Gold Bug".
According to Card he came up with the idea for this story while he was writing "The Gold Bug". While working on that short story he started to think about how Ender got to the colony and came up with the idea of a power-struggle between Ender and the ship's captain. 
Publication.
"Ender in Flight" was published in the April 2008 issue of "Intergalactic Medicine Show". Parts of this story are spread throughout much of Card's novel "Ender in Exile". It starts at the end of Chapter 7, it takes up all of Chapters 8-10, it continues in Chapter 13 and 14, and finishes in Chapter 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19419680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419680" title="Clinic Exclusive">
Clinic Exclusive

Clinic Exclusive is a 1971 British comedy film directed by Don Chaffey and starring Georgina Ward, Alexander Davion, Carmen Silvera and Windsor Davies.

</doc>
<doc id="19419701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419701" title="Pharmaceutical engineering">
Pharmaceutical engineering

Pharmaceutical Engineering is a branch of pharmaceutical science and technology that involves development and manufacturing of products, processes, and components in the pharmaceuticals industry (i.e. drugs & biologics). While developing pharmaceutical products involves many interrelated disciplines (e.g. medicinal chemists, analytical chemists, clinicians/pharmacologists, pharmacists, chemical engineers, biomedical engineers, etc.), the specific subfield of "pharmaceutical engineering" has only emerged recently as a distinct engineering discipline. This now brings the problem-solving principles and quantitative training of "engineering" to complement the other scientific fields already involved in drug development.
Academic Programs.
There are still relatively few academic programs with this explicit focus. The first one began at the University of Michigan, as a joint project between their College of Engineering and School of Pharmacy.[http://www.topgradprograms.com/gradschools/University_of_MichiganAnn_Arbor/College_of_Engineering/Pharmaceutical_Engineering_MEng-1823.html] Because such programs are not yet common, many pharmaceutical engineers have had their formal engineering training in chemical or biomedical engineering.
Most Pharmaceutical Engineering programs are graduate-level, and as with Biomedical Engineering there is generally an expectation that engineers and scientists working in pharmaceutical engineering should have some relevant graduate-level education. Many have a masters or PhD degree in chemical or biomedical engineering, or a related science.
In Italy there is a university degree course (5 years) in Chemistry and Pharmaceutical Technologies(Chimica e Tecnologie Farmaceutiche), different to pharmacy, that ability as a pharmacist and different roles in the industry as an engineer (for the Italian legislation is not really an engineer though performs the same tasks ).
Professional Licensure/Certification.
In most jurisdictions, engineering licensure (e.g. Licensed "Professional Engineer" or P.E.) is not discipline-specific, so any licensed engineer with competency in pharmaceutical engineering may qualify as licensed. However, in the U.S., most pharmaceutical engineers fall under the "industrial exemption," which does not require a (P.E.) license for those engineers whose work is completely internal and for a private employer. There are ongoing debates about whether to narrow or eliminate this exemption from engineering licensure, and the Executive Director of the National Society of Professional Engineers (NSPE) recently advocated requiring licensure for engineers in the pharmaceutical industry (among a few others).
Most U.S. jurisdictions require two examinations as part of their licensing criteria, the second of which allows electing a particular discipline of emphasis (while not affecting the license itself, as noted above), so pharmaceutical engineers are likely to select the testing option of either chemical engineering or biomedical engineering (which are generally considered the closest available options).
There is also a private (non-governmental) certification offered by the professional organization International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE), known as "Certified Pharmaceutical Industry Professional (CPIP)". This tends to focus more on (later-stage) manufacturing and commercialization issues, etc., rather than early-stage things like drug design, discovery assays, and preclinical development.
Common Specialties.
These specialties overlap with other engineering areas as well as non-engineering scientific and medical fields, although in all specialties Pharmaceutical Engineers tend to have a distinct focus on product and process design and quantitative analysis. And in addition to these technical areas, some pharmaceutical engineers pursue careers as business or legal professionals. Their scientific and engineering background is often suitable for careers in management, patent law, or even entrepreneurship - for example.

</doc>
<doc id="19419703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419703" title="The Pot Carriers">
The Pot Carriers

The Pot Carriers is a 1962 British comedy-drama film directed by Peter Graham Scott and produced by Gordon Scott for ABPC. It stars Ronald Fraser, Paul Massie, Carole Lesley and Dennis Price. The film is set in a British prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19419710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419710" title="WMEA (FM)">
WMEA (FM)

WMEA (90.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Portland, Maine. The station is owned Maine Public Broadcasting Corporation, and is an affiliate of the MPBN Radio network.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19419752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419752" title="Effie Norton">
Effie Norton

Elisha Strong "Effie" Norton (August 17, 1873 in Conneaut, Ohio – March 5, 1950 in Aspinwall, Pennsylvania), also nicknamed "Leiter," was a right-handed professional baseball pitcher who played from to for the Washington Senators. He is the great-grandfather in law of pitcher John Fulgham. 
Prior to playing professional baseball, Norton attended Ohio State University, where, in 1895, he was the "star" of the team. [http://books.google.com/books?id=WSRH3D8WQjoC&pg=PA38&dq=%22Effie+Norton%22&sig=ACfU3U2iMhtSv34Z_uA-C8ADUEqT8Vs6jA]
He made his big league debut on August 8, 1896. He went 3–1 with a 3.07 ERA in eight games (five starts). In 44 innings, he had 14 walks and 13 strikeouts. The following season, he went 2–1 with a 6.88 ERA in 17 innings. He walked 11 and struck out three. Although a pitcher by trade, he also played three games in the outfield that season. On June 5, 1897, he played his final big league game. 
Overall, Norton went five and two with a 4.13 ERA in 61 innings (12 games, seven games started). He walked 25 batters and struck out 13. For a pitcher, he wasn't a bad hitter. He hit .243 in 37 career at-bats. 
After his death, he was buried at Conneaut City Cemetery in Conneaut, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19419753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419753" title="Tamahine">
Tamahine

Tamahine is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Nancy Kwan, Dennis Price and John Fraser. It is a film about a Polynesian woman who believes she can change the culture of "Hallow School", a British boys' boarding school. The story was filmed at a real boys' boarding school, Wellington College in England.
Plot.
When her father dies, orphan teenager Tamahine (Nancy Kwan) is sent from her South Pacific island home to live with Charles Poole (Dennis Price), her father's cousin and the headmaster of Hallow, a prestigious all-male English school. Richard (John Fraser), Charles' son and school student, falls in love with her, but she considers him tabu because of the closeness of their family relationship. Another suitor is the art master, Clove (Derek Nimmo), after he breaks up with Charles' daughter Diana (Justine Lord).
Meanwhile, Tamahine has trouble adjusting to the puzzling social mores of her new home, exasperating Charles, but also making him start to question his own joyless existence. In the end, Richard convinces Tamahine that marrying him does not violate English tabus, while Clove resigns to go paint in a foreign land, accompanied by Diana. The film leaps ahead several years, showing a scruffily bearded Charles enjoying life on Tamahine's island, while Richard takes his place as headmaster, watched by Tamahine and their children.

</doc>
<doc id="19419781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419781" title="Dejan Šimičić">
Dejan Šimičić


</doc>
<doc id="19419795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419795" title="The Bad Lord Byron">
The Bad Lord Byron

The Bad Lord Byron is a 1949 British historical drama film centered around the life of Lord Byron. It was directed by David MacDonald and starred Dennis Price as Byron with Mai Zetterling, Linden Travers and Joan Greenwood.
The film sees life from the perspective of Lord Byron, seriously wounded in Greece where he is fighting for Greek independence. From his deathbed, Byron remembers his life and many loves, imagining that he's pleading his case before a celestial court.
Critical reception.
The New York Times wrote, " Roundly ridiculed by British film critics in 1949, The Bad Lord Byron has stood the test of time -- not really a classic, but an acceptable rainy-day wallow."

</doc>
<doc id="19419813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419813" title="Henry Blundell (publisher)">
Henry Blundell (publisher)

Henry Blundell (1813 – 15 June 1878), New Zealand newspaper founder, proprietor and publisher, "a man with two or three crafts at his fingers' ends", was born in Dublin, Ireland. He brought his six children to Australia in 1860 and, moving permanently to New Zealand in 1863, began publishing the Wellington evening daily newspaper The Evening Post on 8 February 1865.
Henry Blundell had worked 27 years for the Dublin Evening Mail when as manager of the business he resigned following a disagreement over the treatment of staff. From Dublin he went first to Melbourne in Victoria, Australia, then deciding to try the then better-established South Island of New Zealand, left his family in Melbourne and spent 1861-2 with the established Lyttelton Times as assistant-manager and then, having fetched his children from Melbourne, Otago Daily Times in 1863 before joining in the following year a new newspaper venture among "the glittering prospects of a well-paying goldfield" but Havelock's promising Wakamarina goldfield began to run out.
Henry's final move was to New Zealand's new national capital city, Wellington. An Australian panel of three commissioners each an appointee of the governors of New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania, designated Wellington the seat of government for its central location and sheltered harbour and their decision took effect in February 1865. With his partner from Havelock, David Curle, who left the partnership that July, Henry and his three sons printed with a hand-operated press and distributed Wellington's first daily newspaper, The Evening Post, on 8 February, parliament officially sat in Wellington for the first time on 26 July 1865.
With the benefit of long experience in a capital city Henry Blundell pursued a judiciously independent yet politically liberal policy and ensured moderation in the published views of his staff. He was at first both manager and editor while still assisting in all functions and, to begin with, providing the newspaper's editorials. He was a genial and kindly man.
Nine years later Henry retired, beginning by paying a visit to his native Ireland, leaving his newspaper in the very capable hands of the three Blundell brothers; John (1841-1922), Henry (1844-1894) and Louis (1849-1934). Thereafter he travelled regularly between Wellington, Melbourne and Sydney though he remained based in Wellington.
Henry died aged 65, 15 June 1878, while on holiday in Sydney NSW Australia, and was interred at Wellington's Bolton Street Cemetery, and his grave is part of the memorial trail.
His great-grandson Sir Denis Blundell served as New Zealand's Governor-General from 1972 to 1977.
Posterity.
The six children of Henry Blundell and his wife née Margaret McGowan were born between 1841 and 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="19419819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419819" title="Maya cave sites">
Maya cave sites

Maya cave sites are caves used by and associated with the Maya civilization of pre-Columbian Mesoamerica. Certain beliefs and observances connected with cave sites are also maintained among some contemporary Maya communities. These cave sites are understood to have served religious purposes rather than utilitarian ones. Accordingly, archaeological artifacts found within caves can inform interpretations of religious ritual and cave studies combined with epigraphic, iconographic, and ethnographic studies can further inform Maya religion and society.
Maya cave sites of great interest for the robbers and invaders during the war, so the entrances to some of them were walled up (James Brady as examples leads immured caves of Dos Pilas and Naj Tunich).
Study.
The total number of caves in the Puuc region in the Yucatan is estimated in more than 2000, most of which is not open (the most extensive to date inventory has about 300 caves). In compiled in the fight against idolatry Spanish chronicles 16th century mentioned 17 sites Maya caves and cenotes (of which found 9 caves). In the Relación de las cosas de Yucatán author Diego de Landa described Sacred Cenote. Underground Maya archeology was actively developing starting from the 1980s-1990s. Museo Nacional de Antropología leads two projects to study the Maya caves: "Caves: Register of Prehispanic Cultures Evidence in Puuc Region" with 1997 year and "The cult of the cenotes in the center of the Yucatan". In 2008, a Mayan underground complex consisting of eleven temples, the 100-meter stone roads and flooded labyrinth of caves, was found on the Yucatan Peninsula. The most famous caves are the Maya: Balankanche, Loltun Cave, Actun Tunichil Muknal and Jolja'.
Associations with writing.
At the moment it is not known exactly what the sign represents a cave in the Maya writing. According to the hypothesis of James Brady cave means popular in the maya texts «sign entry» or «impinged bone element» (see figure). James Brady proposes to read this sign as CH'EN or CH'EEN. As proof of his hypothesis, James Brady cites three arguments: 1) use of the mark in the sentence denotes to a certain place in which you can enter, sit down or do a burial. 2) visual mark has common features with symbols of death, the underworld and bats. 3) phonetically the mark ends in a consonant «N». In Maya writing this sign is part of the verb «OCH-WITZ» («Go inside the Mountain»)
Association with settlement.
A desire to be near the sacred has influenced Mesoamerican settlement. Mountains and caves were important elements in Mesoamerican creation myths. Mesoamerican belief systems liken water to fertility and mountains give flowing water and rainfall through caves. Accordingly, these natural features were considered sacred and were sought out by Mesoamerican migrants looking for a new home. A cave could be considered an "axis mundi" if it marked the center of a village (Brady and Ashmore 1999: 127). The Late Postclassic site of Mayapan incorporated several "cenotes" into its ceremonial groups and the Cenote Ch’en Mul is at the site core. At Dos Pilas house platforms were often in front of cave entries and the tunnel went beneath the platform.
Architectural landscapes and themes.
Artificial landscapes often mimicked sacred landscapes. Doorways of temples were seen as the cave entrances to mountains. Sometimes these doorways were "witz" monster mouths. The same was true for the Aztecs, who at Utatlán designed an artificial cave that ends under the central plaza and is designed according to the mythical seven-chamber cave of emergence, Chicomoztoc (this is also seen at Teotihuacan, though somewhat different). and at Muklebal Tzul it appears that an artificial well underneath a massive platform was made to appear like a water-bearing cave. In the Yucatán many Late Postclassic temples had Spanish churches built on top of them after the conquest and so caves and "cenotes" can still be found near these places today.
Entrances to the Underworld.
Caves are often described as entries into the watery Maya underworld. For Mesoamerican groups, including the Maya, life and death occur at liminal zones between this world and the otherworld. Caves then are both associated with life and death; when something emerges from the underworld, that something lives, and when something descends into the underworld, that something dies. Caves are seen as birthplaces where humans and group ancestors were born (and live) and the Maya of the Yucatán even thought that the sun and moon were born out of the underworld.
Associations with sex and fertility.
There appears to be a strong association (and perhaps conflation) between caves and sweatbaths. Caves are often perceived as female and are likened to the womb and vagina. Hence they are a symbol of fertility. Like caves, sweatbaths have also been associated with human fertility and both have strong sexual connotations. Examples of these sexual connotations include the painting of a couple engaged in intercourse at the cave site of Naj Tunich, the contemporary Tzotzil Maya belief that a hypersexual being lives in a cave, and the fact that sweatbaths have been places of illicit sex amongst many Maya groups. Artifacts found at a sweatbath on the periphery of Piedras Negras included a circular mirror and five marine shells, artifacts that have been associated with the watery underworld and the latter of which has been found in the artificial caves underneath the Pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan.
Speleothems in caves have also been regarded as sacred and have played a role in Maya religion. Caves are considered to be "living beings with personhood and souls". and according to a 41 year old Q’eqchi’ Maya their speleothems "are also alive, they grow and sweat water; they themselves are water". People may take these rocks from the caves and put them on their altars. The Xibun Maya incorporated speleothems into the construction of the ball court at the Hershey site. Ball courts have been associated with the underworld just as caves have been.
Associations with natural forces.
Caves are linked with wind, rain, and clouds. The Zinacantecos of the Chiapas highlands even believe that lightning comes from caves. The Yukatek and Lacandon believe that caves and "cenotes" are where rain deities reside and the Yukatek of the sixteenth century sacrificed humans to appease these deities.
At Dos Pilas the Cueva de Murciélagos rests beneath the royal palace platform. After it rains heavily water rushes out from this cave signaling the beginning of the rainy season and the advance of the crop cycle. This artificial landscape showed that the king had control over water, rainmaking, and fertility, thereby legitimizing his authority.
Caves in art have also been used to legitimize authority and elevate status. Individuals in the mouth of a cave for example are endowed with authority that is often associated with shamanism. Scribal imagery is often associated with a skeletal jaw (maws are often likened to the mouths of caves), which may indicate that caves are where his craft originated. Perhaps this imagery "served to mystify and exalt the scribe's role."
Associations of art and ritual.
Caves are often associated with transformation. One artifact in the Cenote X-Coton is a human stone figure that is making an offering and wearing a (possible) jaguar skin with the human's face coming out of its mouth. It appears that in addition to water and sacrifice rituals the "cenote" may have been used for "way" transformations.
Human sacrifice to gods connected to caves was widespread. The sacrifice either occurred in the cave or the body was put there afterwards. Children were commonly sacrificed in the Yucatán and child sacrifice was recorded in Highland Guatemala as well.
Archaeologists have found caves that have been sealed such as the Cueva de El Duende. It is possible that the desecration of caves could have been used as a symbol of conquest and political legitimacy. Another explanation could relate to termination rituals that have often been seen in architectural construction.
Offerings.
Agricultural products are common offerings in caves. Modern Maya believe that maize originated beneath the earth, an idea perhaps expressed by Classic depictions of the Maize God emerging from the underworld. This belief gives caves life-giving power as accounts from the Popul Vuh indicate that humans were made from maize dough. Domesticated plants found in lowland caves were probably used in rituals performed for deities related to agricultural fertility. Use of agricultural products in agricultural rituals continues amongst the contemporary Maya.
Jade is a frequent cave offering. The largest amount of jade found at one site is at the Cenote of Sacrifice at Chichen Itza. Metal was a common offering during the Postclassic, the largest collections coming from the Cenote of Sacrifice and "bell" caves in western Honduras. It is possible that the notion of the Earth Lord having lots of wealth in his cave may have come from this tradition.
Burials.
Mayans believed, that the cave home of ancestral spirits, why do in they burial people. It appears that elite cave burial was rare, but it is possible that common people may have used caves as burial places for their dead such as at the Caves Branch Rock Shelter in Belize. Two tomb structures have been discovered in caves to date. One at the site of Naj Tunich and the other at Quen Santo, both in Guatemala. Lineage founders have also been buried in caves. Elites were able to build their own elaborate burial "caves" and by doing so reinforced their power and status. It seems elites tried to make their tombs look like natural caves. Stalactites found at Tomb 2 of Nim Li Punit provide an example of this.

</doc>
<doc id="19419823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419823" title="The White Unicorn">
The White Unicorn

The White Unicorn is a 1947 British drama film directed by Bernard Knowles and starring Margaret Lockwood, Joan Greenwood, Ian Hunter and Dennis Price. Kyra Vayne appeared as the singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19419826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419826" title="Interchill Records">
Interchill Records

Interchill Records is a Canadian independent record label specializing in downtempo/electronica music. Founded in Nelson British Columbia in 1995 by Andrew Ross Collins, Interchill got its start in the multi-sensory chill rooms of the early rave scene in Montreal. Originally launched to showcase and export Canadian ambient music to the rest of the world, the record label grew from a string of EPs to the seminal compilation 'Northern Circuits' and on to encompass music from producers around the planet. Now, after 13 years in operation and 34 albums in its catalogue, the label has soundly established itself as a key player in the downtempo electronic scene and is known worldwide for releasing hi-fidelity music that lasts. With a focus on 'organic electronica for expanding minds', Interchill maintains diversity while drawing a continuous thread through a wide variety of sounds and styles, bringing together the cutting-edge in dub, world-fusion, psy-chill, ambient, lounge and all points between. Over the years, Interchill has released albums from artists around the world like Eat Static, Mauxuam, Kaya Project, Gaudi, Ashtech, Adham Shaikh, Ishq, Pushmipulyu and Liquid Stranger.
Discography.
Over the years Interchill has featured tracks by producers such as Bill Laswell, Jah Wobble, Ott, Shpongle, Steve Roach, Makyo, Eat Static, Zion Train, Gus Till, Greg Hunter, Jairamji, Bluetech, Omnimotion, Umberloid, Bassnectar, Hamsa Lila, Antonio Testa, Solar Fields, Cell, Phutureprimitive, Snakestyle, Twilight Circus & Legion of Green Men.

</doc>
<doc id="19419828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419828" title="Label Fandango">
Label Fandango

Label Fandango is an independent record label based in Highbury, London. Evolving out of parent companies Fierce Panda Records and Pointy Records, it has been releasing limited edition music singles since 2005. It is run by live music promotion company Club Fandango.
Origin and format.
In late 2005, Label Fandango Records, was set up in order to release music from new and up-and-coming bands based in the UK. It began through Andy Macleod and Simon Williams, of Pointy Records and Fierce Panda Records respectively, who together were the creators of London live music promotions company Club Fandango. Williams had previously released the debut singles by Coldplay and Keane.
The no-budget record company has a strictly DIY theme to it, with the tag line "No frills, All thrills". Inspired by other indie labels Transgressive, Marquis Cha Cha and Dance To The Radio, it specialises in limited edition seven-inch vinyls, released in a generic black and while sleeve branded with the "Label Fandango" logo. It compliments its Fierce Panda parent, who recently ceased producing limited singles to focus on full length releases. The records are designed to project bands on to further opportunities with more major record labels, examples being Royworld and Air Traffic (who have since signed to Virgin Records and Tiny Consumer of EMI respectively). The label has released 24 limited edition singles to date.
Recent activity.
Fandango's most recent record, a double-A side of "Runaround Getaround / MOR" by Tim Ten Yen, is set for release on 6 October 2008. On the label's website, Label Fandango's promoters have stated that although they wish to continue releasing limited singles, they wish to move on to releasing full-length albums in the coming months.
In 2011 the label released the double A sided single from the Sheffield based band Hey Sholay entitled Dreamboat/The Bears The Clock The Bees.
List of releases (2005 – present).
Each vinyl release has an accompanying digital download, which is accessed through the 7digital catalogue.
27 June 2011
"Dreamboat" / "The Bears The Clock The Bees"
Hey Sholay 

</doc>
<doc id="19419850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419850" title="Akaba">
Akaba

Akaba as the name of places or people occurs in various (etymologically unconnected) languages and cultures. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19419858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419858" title="Port Afrique">
Port Afrique

Port Afrique is a 1956 British drama film based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Dr. Bernard Victor Dryer (1918-1995). The colour film was directed by Rudolph Maté and the adapted screenplay was written by John Cresswell. It was filmed on location in the Casbah in Algiers and in Tangiers and Morocco.
Set in July 1945, the film tells the story of a returning American pilot named Rip Reardon who lost his leg during the war and a young woman, Ynez, who is accused of the murder of Rip's wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19419860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419860" title="History of the Jews in South Ossetia">
History of the Jews in South Ossetia

Much of the early Jewish history in South Ossetia is similar to that of other Jewish communities in the Georgian region. At the same time, the South Ossetian capital, Tskhinvali was known for its sizable Georgian Jewish population, where the community had its own quarter. 
In 1891, an Ashkenazi rabbi Avraham Khvolis moved to Tskhinvali from Lithuania. In Tskhinvali, Khvolis founded a school and synagogue, and he taught European rabbinical thought to Georgian Jews. Today, the synagogue Khvolis founded sits abandoned on a desolate street with what appears to be a hole from an artillery shell in its facade. On Sundays, Baptist services are held there.
According to the Soviet censuses of 1926 and 1939 there were about 2000 Jews in South Ossetia, all but a few in Tskhinvali. As late as 1926 almost a third of the town's inhabitants were Jews. Their number declined later as they moved to bigger cities of Soviet Union or emigrated to Israel or other countries. 
Most of the Jewish population fled South Ossetia for Israel and Georgia proper during the First Ossetian War in 1991. The remainder fled in advance of the 2008 war. Today, only one Jew remains in South Ossetia, a single elderly woman living in Tskhinvali.
Sources and references.
"Georgia's Jewish heritage imperiled with talk of war" Matt Siegel. Jewish Telegraphic Agency Feb. 27, 2008
"Last Jew in S. Ossetia" Russia Today Sept. 15, 2008 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS-7xYzrU7M
"Jews will come back to S. Ossetia" Russia Today Sept. 26, 2008 http://www.russiatoday.com/ossetianwar/news/30985

</doc>
<doc id="19419869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419869" title="Maria Maalouf">
Maria Maalouf

Maria Maalouf (), is a Lebanese journalist and political analyst. Maalouf made international news when she received death threats on her cell phone. One threat from a Lebanese man told Maalouf in English, that "you are a dead girl." Maalouf quickly alerted the authorities.
The message that Maria Maalouf received on her cell phone was in response to a political program she had taped earlier that day. On that program Maalouf invited renowned German criminal investigator Jürgen Cain Külbel who spoke about his latest book, and argued that the Mossad was responsible for the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri rather than Syria.
Media.
Maalouf used to host a political program on NewtvSat called "bela raqeeb" (Arabic for "without censorship"). She now hosts a political program on the Lebanese channel NBN. Maalouf's objective political analysis and research is foreign in the typical partisan media of Lebanon. Maalouf has also founded a number of Kuwaiti and Lebanese newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="19419882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419882" title="The Passage (1979 film)">
The Passage (1979 film)

The Passage is a 1979 British action–war film directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Anthony Quinn, James Mason, Malcolm McDowell and Patricia Neal. The film is based upon the 1976 novel, "Perilous Passage" by Bruce Nicolaysen, who also wrote the screenplay for the film.
Plot.
During World War II, a Basque farmer (Anthony Quinn) is asked by the French resistance to help a fleeing scientist (James Mason) and his family escape across the Pyrenees Mountains to safety in neutral Spain. On his trail are a group of Germans, led by a sadistic SS officer (Malcolm McDowell).
Reviews.
As he made this movie in Europe and England, James Mason predicted to co-star Kay Lenz that people do not like movies in snow and this film would bomb miserably after they were finished making it. He was right: the film opened to bad box office worldwide and, in critics' eyes, was a disaster in contrast to J. Lee Thompson's 1961 masterpiece "The Guns of Navarone".
From "Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide":
""Trashy WW2 story of Basque guide Quinn helping chemist Mason and his family escape over the Pyrenees with Nazi fanatic McDowell in hot pursuit. McDowell's campy performance must be seen to be disbelieved"."

</doc>
<doc id="19419886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419886" title="List of Australian prisoners of war in the Korean War">
List of Australian prisoners of war in the Korean War

This is a list of Australian prisoners of war in the Korean War. During the Korean War a total of thirty Australian servicemen were captured by North Korean or Chinese forces and held as prisoners of war. Twenty-four Australian Army and six Royal Australian Air Force were prisoners of war.

</doc>
<doc id="19419888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419888" title="List of Apple codenames">
List of Apple codenames

Apple codenames are the codenames given to products by Apple during development. The codenames are often used internally only for various reasons, but sometimes they are used externally, and sometimes they end up being the product name. This article contains a list of codenames used by Apple.

</doc>
<doc id="19419894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419894" title="Shaun Smith (linebacker)">
Shaun Smith (linebacker)

Shaun Smith (born April 5, 1982) is an American football linebacker who is an international practice squad player for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Southern Sundevils in 2001.
Smith has also been a member of the Rhein Fire and Berlin Thunder.

</doc>
<doc id="19419918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419918" title="NGC 5820">
NGC 5820

NGC 5820 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It lies near a similar massed galaxy, NGC 5821, at the same redshift.

</doc>
<doc id="19419924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419924" title="Jürgen Cain Külbel">
Jürgen Cain Külbel

Jürgen Cain Külbel is a German former criminal investigator of the GDR, who became an investigative journalist after the reunification of Germany. 
Born in Thuringia in 1956, Külbel graduated from the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1979 with a degree in criminal investigation and worked in the field for 11 years. He also organised a karate championship in the GDR, before becoming a journalist.
Külbel has worked with the Voltaire Network and writes analyses of Middle Eastern issues. He came to international attention after publishing a counter-investigation on the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri, accusing Israel and the Mossad of orchestrating Hariri's murder. He presented his analysis at a conference in Damascus, Syria, on 7 May 2006. He wrote a book, "Mordakte Hariri", about the case. In 2008 he was jailed in Berlin for breaching a court order by linking to Stasi documents in connection with his investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="19419926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419926" title="Iran at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Islamic Republic of Iran competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.
Results by event.
Athletics.
Men
Powerlifting.
Men
Shooting.
Men
Women
Mixed
Volleyball.
Men's sitting

</doc>
<doc id="19419928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419928" title="The Taking of Lungtungpen">
The Taking of Lungtungpen

The Taking of Lungtungpen is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on April 11, 1887. In book form, the story appeared in the first Indian edition of "Plain Tales from the Hills" in 1888, and in subsequent editions of that collection. 
Plot.
The story is about one of Kipling's three private soldiers, Learoyd, Mulvaney and Ortheris, whose adventures are further related in his collection of short stories "Soldiers Three": Terence Mulvaney. 
This story tells "how Privit Mulvaney tuk the town av Lungtungpen", in his own words (Kipling represents him conventionally as an Irish speaker of English). Mulvaney, who continually blots his copybook (and loses promotions and goods conduct badges from his habit of "wan big dhrink a month") is nevertheless a fine soldier. When he is patrolling Burmah against dacoits with 24 young recruits under Lieutenant Brazenose, they capture a suspect. Mulvaney, with an interpreter, takes the prisoner aside and "trates him tinderly" [='treats him tenderly'] with a cleaning rod. This example of army brutality extracts the information that there is a town called Lungtungpen, a haunt of dacoits, 9 miles away, 'across the river'. 
Mulvaney persuades the Lieutenant not to await reinforcements, but to "visit" Lungtungpen that night. Mulvaney is in the lead when they come to the river, and tells the four men with him to strip and swim across. Two of them can't swim, but they use a tree trunk for flotation and cross the river - despite their discovery that "That shtrame [= stream] was miles woide!" When they reach the other side, in the dark they have landed on the river wall of Lungtungpen, and a fierce fight ensued - fortunately for the British, they are so close under the wall that, in the dark, the Burmese fire passes harmlessly over their heads. 
The British – still naked from their swim – go in with bayonets and the butts of their rifles, as well as their ammunition. They kill 75 Burmese. They then hold "the most ondasint p'rade [= 'indecent parade'] I iver tuk a hand in", with only eight men having even belt and pouches on; the rest are "as naked as Venus". While half of them dress, the other half patrol the town, with the women laughing at them.
Analysis.
The moral of this story, to Mulvaney, is that it shows what three-year enlisted men can do, and why he values them above more experienced men, who would have been much more cautious. These would defeat European armies as well as dacoits. "They tuk Lungtungpen nakid; an' they'd take St. Pethersburg in their dhrawers!" Kipling appears to value the British soldier highly (see "Barrack-Room Ballads" (1892), "Soldiers Three" (1888) and many other works throughout his career).
However, the modern western reader – often lacking experience in similar cultures – may wonder at the casual imperial acceptance of brutality and a shocking casualty rate. To such a reader, it stretches credibility that women who have been widowed in this attack - and impoverished by the looting that Mulvaney relates - would laugh at the naked invaders. George Orwell while serving with the Indian Imperial Police in Burma, observed this type of behavior and found it extremely distasteful. Such experiences provided some of the material for his later literary career.

</doc>
<doc id="19419936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419936" title="WMED (FM)">
WMED (FM)

WMED (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Calais, Maine. The station is owned Maine Public Broadcasting Corporation, and is an affiliate of the MPBN Radio network.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19419937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419937" title="Sing It Loud">
Sing It Loud

Sing It Loud was an American pop rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
History.
Sing It Loud grew out of a friendship between cousins vocalist Pat Brown and guitarist Kieren Smith, who founded the group together and added members whom they met locally in the Minneapolis music scene. Brown officially brought the group together after his previous band called it quits. He was the former singer and guitarist for local legends The Semester. Frustrated with their lack of mainstream success, The Semester played one final show in the Minneapolis suburb Savage, and from then on went to spawn a project such as Get Young. The band was offered a contract with Epitaph Records after playing only seven shows together. Their debut release for Epitaph was an EP produced by Josh Cain of Motion City Soundtrack, released in March 2008. The group then toured with We the Kings, This Providence, Ludo, The Morning Light, Valencia, Every Avenue, Hit the Lights, All Time Low, Farewell, Cobra Starship, Forever the Sickest Kids, Single File, Cash Cash, Motion City Soundtrack, and others. A full-length produced by Cain and mixed by Mark Trombino was released on Epitaph on September 23, 2008. The album features guest appearances from Justin Pierre of Motion City Soundtrack and Alex Gaskarth of All Time Low. "Come Around" hit No. 44 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
The band spent the summer of 2009 on Warped Tour 2009 on the Hurley Stage.
Pat Brown recently announced during a live acoustic performance online that Sing It Loud will be releasing their new album in May. Sing It Loud's upcoming album includes a track called "Shadows" that features lead vocals by Kieren Smith and backup vocals by Pat Brown. This will be the first time the two have ever switched roles.
The new Sing It Loud album is titled "Everything Collide", containing 11 tracks it came out May 11, 2010. The album reached No. 28 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
On September 14, 2010, after three years as a band, the members decided to go their separate ways. The split was announced via their MySpace page. Their final show was played on October 9, 2010 at Station 4 in their hometown.
2012 and Reunion Show.
The band have announced that they will be playing a reunion show on October 6, 2012 in Minneapolis. They will be joined by Steve Salazar, The Role Call, Love Out Loud, and William Beckett.

</doc>
<doc id="19419961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419961" title="Manuel Rojo del Río y Vieyra">
Manuel Rojo del Río y Vieyra

Manuel Antonio Rojo del Íio y Vieyra (September 24, 1708 – January 30, 1764) was a Mexican (originally Spanish Criollo) friar who served as the Archbishop of Manila and Governor-General of the Philippines at the commencement of the 1762–1764 British occupation of Manila.
Early life.
Rojo del Río was born in Tula, Mexico on September 24, 1708. On 1758, he was consecrated as a bishop to the Archdiocese of Manila.
On May 31, 1759, the death of Governor-General Pedro Manuél de Arandía left the position vacant. Bishop Miguel Lino de Ezpeleta of the Archdiocese of Cebu succeeded him as well as becoming acting Archbishop of Manila. On 22 July 1759, Rojo del Río was enthroned as Archbishop of Manila. In 1761, a royal decree from Spain ruled that Rojo del Río replace Ezpeleta to become Governor-General. He died in office on 20 January 1764.

</doc>
<doc id="19419965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419965" title="A Dangerous Summer">
A Dangerous Summer

A Dangerous Summer is a 1982 Australian crime film drama film directed by Quentin Masters and starring Tom Skerritt, Ian Gilmour, Guy Doleman and James Mason.
Production.
The film was inspired by the Sydney bush fires of the 1979-80 summer. John Seale shot footage of the fire which Brian Trenchard-Smith turned into a 25-minute film, "That Dangerous Summer". It was then announced this material would be used by Trenchard Smith in a feature version of the story, to be called "Bushfire". In the end, Trenchard-Smith did not direct, and Quentin Masters did. Actor Ian Gilmour broke his leg during filming.
Box office.
" A Dangerous Summer " grossed $33,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $96,030
in 2009 dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="19419976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419976" title="Edouard Bugnion">
Edouard Bugnion

Edouard "Ed" Bugnion (born 1970) is a Swiss software architect and businessman.
Bugnion was raised in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.
Bugnion graduated with a bachelor's degree in engineering from ETH Zurich in 1994 and a master's degree from Stanford University in 1996. He was one of the five founders of VMware in 1998 (with his advisor Mendel Rosenblum) and was the chief architect until 2004. He had been a Ph.D. candidate in computer science at Stanford University prior to co-founding VMware. While he was chief architect, VMware developed the secure desktop initiative also known as NetTop for the US National Security Agency. 
His primary research interests are in operating systems and computer architectures, and he was a key member of the SimOS and Disco virtual machine research teams. 
After VMware, Bugnion was a founder of Nuova Systems which was funded by Cisco Systems, and acquired by them in April 2008. Bugnion joined Cisco as vice president and chief technology officer of Cisco's Server Access and Virtualization Business Unit. He promotes Cisco's Data Center 3.0 vision, and appears in advertisements. He resigned from Cisco in 2011 and resumed his PhD program of study at Stanford University, which he graduated from in 2012. He then became faculty member of the School of Computer Science at EPFL, Switzerland.
Bugnion co-authored papers on operating systems and platform virtualization such as “Disco: Running Commodity Operating Systems on Scalable Multiprocessors,” in 1997.
Bugnion is also an angel investor in startup companies such as Cumulus Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19419998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19419998" title="Dave Adamson">
Dave Adamson

David 'Dave' Adamson (born 14 June 1874) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Adamson, from the Napier Imperials, was a follower and made his South Melbourne debut in the first round of their inaugural VFL season. He captained South Melbourne in 1899 and led the club all the way to the Grand Final, where he played as a fullback in a narrow loss to Fitzroy. His brother, Jack, also played for South Melbourne, in the 1897 and 1898 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19420000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420000" title="Oryza glaberrima">
Oryza glaberrima

Oryza glaberrima, commonly known as African rice, is a domesticated rice species. It is believed to have been domesticated 2000–3000 years ago in the inland delta of the Upper Niger river, in what is now Mali. Its wild ancestor, which still grows wild in Africa, is "Oryza barthii".
This species is grown in West Africa. African rice often shows more tolerance to fluctuations in water depth, iron toxicity, infertile soils, severe climatic conditions and human neglect, and exhibits better resistance to various pests and diseases, such as nematodes ("Heterodera sacchari" and "Meloidogyne" spp.), African rice gall midge ("Orseolia oryzivora"), "Rice stripe necrosis virus", "Rice yellow mottle virus" and the parasitic plants "Striga". The species shows several negative characteristics with respect to the Asian rice species "O. sativa", such as brittle grain and cracking during industrial polishing. More importantly, it consistently shows lower yields than "O. sativa".
Scientist from the Africa Rice Center managed to cross-breed African rice with Asian rice varieties to produce a group of interspecific cultivars called NERICA, which is an acronym for "New Rice for Africa".

</doc>
<doc id="19420013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420013" title="Mary Allerton">
Mary Allerton

Mary Allerton Cushman (c. 1616 – 28 November 1699) was a settler of Plymouth Colony in what is now Massachusetts. She was the last surviving passenger of the "Mayflower". She arrived at Plymouth on the "Mayflower" when she was about four years old and lived there her entire life; she died aged 83.
Mary Allerton was born about 1616 (according to some sources, baptised in June 1616) in Leiden, The Netherlands to parents Isaac and Mary Norris Allerton. She came to Plymouth on the "Mayflower" in 1620, at about the age of four. Around 1636, she married Thomas Cushman, who had come to Plymouth in 1621 at the age of thirteen on the ship "Fortune" with father Robert Cushman, a prominent member of the Pilgrims' congregation in Leiden. Thomas and Mary had a surprisingly prosperous family; seven of their eight children survived to adulthood, got married, and provided at least 50 grandchildren. Thomas and Mary both lived to very old age, having never moved from Plymouth. Thomas died in December 1691, reaching nearly 85 years in age. Mary, who gave birth to and raised eight children, lived to the age of 83. Prior to her death in November 1699, she was the last surviving Mayflower passenger. She was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth.

</doc>
<doc id="19420029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420029" title="WMEM (FM)">
WMEM (FM)

WMEM (106.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Presque Isle, Maine. The station is owned Maine Public Broadcasting Corporation, and is an affiliate of the MPBN Radio network.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19420075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420075" title="Pietro Gnocchi">
Pietro Gnocchi

Pietro Gnocchi (February 27, 1689 – December 9, 1775) was an Italian composer, choir director, historian, and geographer of the late Baroque era, active mainly in Brescia, where he was choir director of Brescia Cathedral. In addition to composing an abundance of eccentrically-titled sacred music, all of which remains in manuscript, he wrote a 25-volume history of ancient Greek colonies.
Life.
The principal source for information on Gnocchi's life is an unpublished manuscript written by his associate C. Cristoni, now in the Biblioteca Civica Queriniana in Brescia. Gnocchi was born in Alfianello, in the Province of Brescia. The second of at least three sons of a middle-class family, he studied music and eventually became a priest. Following the death of his younger brother he commenced a period of travel, initially studying music in Venice, and later going to Hungary, Vienna, and Munich; after these travels he returned to Brescia where he spent most of the remainder of his long life, devoting it to scholarly and musical pursuits.
In 1723 he became "maestro di cappella" at Brescia Cathedral, but was turned down in his attempt to become organist there in 1733. He also held a post at the Orfanelle della Pietà, an orphanage, where he may have taught music. In 1762 – when he was 73 years old – he reapplied for his old position as "maestro di cappella" at Brescia Cathedral, as well as the position as organist; he then held both posts until his death at the age of 86.
Music, writings, and influence.
Gnocchi left an enormous amount of music, mostly sacred, but including some secular vocal music as well as some instrumental compositions. None was published, and the only thing to emerge from a printer was the title page and dedication for a 12-volume set of masses, the "Salmi brevi". His compositions included 60 masses, many of which were Requiems, for four to eight voices, some with instruments; six Requiems, for two to four voices; six sets of Vespers for the entire church year, also for four to eight voices, with organ accompaniment; 12 settings of the Magnificat, for four voices; six settings of the Miserere, for four to eight voices; motets, hymns, and miscellaneous liturgical music. In addition to the sacred music, he wrote some canzonette, and a body of instrumental music that includes a concerto for seven strings and basso continuo and three trio sonatas for two violins and basso continuo. Stylistically his music borrows some traits from the Venetians, unsurprisingly considering that he studied there. He uses double choirs in a homophonic texture, a style descended from the early Baroque Venetian School, rarely writing imitatively.
Gnocchi was greatly interested in history and geography, and these interests show in the titles of his compositions, many of which are highly eccentric: a Magnificat, "Il capo di buona speranza" (The Cape of Good Hope), and masses named "Europe", "America", "Africa", and "Asia" are characteristic.
Something of a polymath, he wrote on a wide array of topics in history, geography and archaeology in addition to composing music and performing his duties as a priest. He produced a treatise on memorial tablets in the Brescia region, as well as a 25-volume history of ancient Greek colonies; both of these Gnocchi sold to Prince Faustino Lechi of Brescia, who was a student, and later friend and patron of Gnocchi. 
David Fallows, in his article on "spoof articles" in the 2001 New Grove, cites Gnocchi's unusual career, singularly titled and voluminous works, and "lugubrious" portrait (in "Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart") as an example of why spoof articles do not need to exist in music encyclopedias: there are already musicians so strange that spoofs would be superfluous.
While none of Gnocchi's music has been published, one CD of some of his instrumental works is available: a 2005 recording of sonatas by Brixia Musicalis. In 2005, LIBER, a non-profit society in Alfianello, Gnocchi's birthplace, initiated the "Eventi nel segno di Pietro Gnocchi", a festival of sacred music. Some of his masses, as well as vocal and instrumental works were played. The concerts take place on the third Sunday of October.
Most of Gnocchi's output of music is stored in the archives of the Brescia Cathedral and Chiesa della Madonna delle Grazie in Brescia.

</doc>
<doc id="19420122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420122" title="George W. Bush &amp; Sons Co. v. Malloy">
George W. Bush &amp; Sons Co. v. Malloy

George W. Bush & Sons Co. v. Malloy, 267 U.S. 317 (1925), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that the state statute under which the Maryland Public Service Commission (PSC) issued certificates of public convenience and necessity to common carriers engaged in interstate commerce violated the Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution.
Background.
The Maryland General Assembly in 1922 amended the PSC statutes to require common carriers to obtain a certificate from the PSC based upon whether the proposed motor carrier service was "good for the public convenience and necessity." George W. Bush & Sons, which operated a truck line between Delaware and cities in eastern Maryland, was directed by the PSC to apply for a certificate. After a hearing, the PSC denied the application. The company then appealed to the state courts up through the Maryland Court of Appeals, arguing that the state statute violated the Commerce Clause by attempting to regulate interstate commerce, but the state courts upheld the denial of the certificate by the PSC.
Court's decision.
The majority opinion noted that the PSC under the state statute used an arbitrary test for the granting of permits for common carriers engaged in interstate commerce, similar to the statutory scheme that was struck down in "Buck v. Kuykendall", 267 U.S. 307 (1925), a companion case whose decision announced the same day as "George W. Bush & Sons Co." Although the highways in Maryland were constructed without federal aid, the majority opinion noted that this was without significance as the federal legislation aiding in the construction of highways make clear the purpose of Congress that state highways shall be open to interstate commerce. Since the Maryland statute attempted to regulate interstate commerce, the statute as construed in this manner was held by the majority to invade a field reserved by the Commerce Clause for federal regulation.
The dissent by Justice McReynolds stated that the state statute did not discriminate against interstate commerce or impede it, and were necessary to protect the state roads. The dissent stated that this regulation was similar to that of harbor regulation by state governments, which the Supreme Court had upheld as being within the class of powers that a state could exercise until Congress had acted on the subject. The dissenting opinion was intended to also apply to "Buck".
Justice McKenna is not listed as participating in the decision.
Critical response.
The Supreme Court from 1924 to 1926 issued four decisions striking down attempts by states to regulate or to set tariff rates or fares of private commercial carriers that used state highways. Besides "George W. Bush & Sons" and "Buck", these were "Michigan Pub. Util. Comm'n v. Duke", 266 U.S. 570 (1925), and "Frost & Frost Trucking Co. v. Railroad Comm'n of Cal.", 271 U.S. 583 (1926). In these cases, although presented with the issue of the right to travel in argument in cases such as "Buck", the Supreme Court never ruled on whether personal, noncommercial automobile travel on state highways was a constitutional right.
Subsequent developments.
During the Great Depression, which undercut the financial stability of many common carrier companies, there was a concern over the creation of an oversupply of passenger transportation which would drive many companies out of business. To meet this concern, Congress by the Motor Carrier Act of 1935 empowered the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) to bring about equality of regulation between interastate and interstate motor carriers to prevent such an oversupply. The ICC by its regulation restricted interstate competition among common carriers through the issuance of certificates for specific routes based upon the public convenience and necessity. Thus the 1935 legislation essentially overturned the holding of "George W. Bush & Sons Co."

</doc>
<doc id="19420129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420129" title="Jack Easter">
Jack Easter

Jack Stuart Easter (21 November 1907 – 1 January 1979) was an Australian politician who represented the National Party of Australia in the Parliament of New South Wales.
He was educated at Ardingly College and at Regent Street Polytechnic. He was a company director who during his career served as alderman and mayor of Ballina, and also served as Chairman of Richmond River County Council, and delegate to Northern Rivers County Council and to Far North Coast Weeds Council.
He served as a National Party of Australia member for Lismore in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly between 1953 and 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19420135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420135" title="WMIX">
WMIX

WMIX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420136" title="Bill Windley">
Bill Windley

William 'Bill' Windley (born 28 November 1868) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Windley was one of South Melbourne's veteran footballers when they started out in the VFL, having played in the VFA since 1886. He had been a member of their 1888, 1889 and 1890 premiership sides.
An elusive player, he was a centreman in the VFA but was often used as a rover later on in his career and also spent some time up forward. He captained South Melbourne in 1900 and 1902 and played in their losing 1899 Grand Final team.

</doc>
<doc id="19420139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420139" title="Meet Me Tonight">
Meet Me Tonight

Meet me Tonight is a 1952 omnibus British comedy film adapted from three one act plays by Noël Coward that are part of his "" play cycle. It was directed by Anthony Pelissier and starred Valerie Hobson, Nigel Patrick, Stanley Holloway, Ted Ray and Jack Warner.
Plot.
In "The Red Peppers", a husband and wife song and dance team (Kay Walsh, Ted Ray) bicker with each other, another performer (Martita Hunt), and the theatre manager (Frank Pettingell). In "Fumed Oak", a middle-aged man (Stanley Holloway) finally has enough of his wife, daughter, and mother-in-law (Betty Ann Davies, Dorothy Gordon, and Mary Merrall respectively). Having saved enough money secretly, he announces to his stunned family that he is leaving, never to see them again. In the final segment, "Ways and Means", a husband (Michael Trubshawe) informs his wife (Valerie Hobson) that he has gambled away their money, leaving little to pay their debts, especially to Olive (Jessie Royce Landis). They pawn their last few valuable possessions, hoping to win enough in the casino. However, Olive takes the seat the husband was waiting for and proceeds to win a great deal of money. When she gets up, he takes his rightful place and loses all he has. That night, the couple awake to find Olive's butler, Murdoch (Jack Warner), trying to steal from them. After laughing at him (since they have nothing worth the effort), the wife proposes he rob from his employer and split the money with them. Murdoch takes Olive's winnings, but double crosses the couple, only to end up caught by the police.

</doc>
<doc id="19420157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420157" title="Lilli Jahn">
Lilli Jahn

Lilli Jahn (born "Schlüchterer;" March 5, 1900– probably June 19, 1944) was a German-Jewish doctor and victim of the Nazism in Germany. She gained international fame posthumously following the publication of her letters to her five children which she wrote during her imprisonment in the labour camp Breitenau. She was deported to the concentration camp Auschwitz and was killed there.
Life.
Childhood and Education.
Lilli Jahn was born as Lilli Schlüchterer, daughter of a wealthy tradesman who lived in Cologne as a liberal assimilated Jew. She got a quite progressive education for a girl at that time: She was taking her A-levels in 1919 at Kaiserin-Augusta-School in Cologne and started after that studying medicine in Würzburg, Halle (Saale), Freiburg im Breisgau and Cologne. Her sister Elsa who was a year younger than she was studied chemistry. 1924 Lilli finished her studies successfully and got her conferral of a doctorate with a thesis about Hematology. Firstly she worked on a temporary employment at a doctor's practice and the "Israelitischens Asyl für Kranke und Altersschwache" in Cologne.
Imprisonment in Breitenau.
In the end of August, 1943, Lilli Jahn was denounced – she had omitted to add the name ‘Sara’ – obligatory for all female Jews – on her doorbell, but left the doctor’s degree, which was forbidden for Jews. She was arrested, interrogated and due to violation of the Reichsgesetz of August 17th, 1938, was sent to the labor education camp Breitenau near Guxhagen, south of Kassel, under dubious circumstances.
Her underage children were left to themselves more or less. Initially, Lilli Jahn worked as a forced labourer in a pharmaceutical factory. Her daughter Ilse managed to visit her already weakened mother during her arrest only once. Until today it has remained unclear to what extent Ernst Jahn tried to save the life of his ex-wife by pleas to the responsible Gestapo in Kassel or the Reich’s security main department in Berlin.
Rescue efforts by friends of the Avowed Church in Kassel remained unsuccessful.
Deportation to Auschwitz and death.
In March 1944, Lilli Jahn was deported in a collective transport via Dresden to Auschwitz.
Prior to her deportation she managed to smuggle her children’s letters out of Breitenau: they ended up at her son’s, who kept them without the knowledge of his sisters until his death in 1998. The last preserved letter by Lilli Jahn from Auschwitz dated on March 6th, 1944, was written by someone else. Her children got the message of her mother’s death in September 1944 in Immenhausen.
Bibliography.
Doerry, Martin; John Brownjohn (Translator): "My Wounded Heart: The Life of Lilli Jahn, 1900-1944" (2004).Bloomsbury USA. ISBN 1-58234-370-5

</doc>
<doc id="19420161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420161" title="Lee Edelman">
Lee Edelman

Lee Edelman is a professor in the English Department at Tufts University. Edelman began his academic career as a scholar of twentieth-century American poetry. He has since become a central figure in the development, dissemination, and rethinking of queer theory. His current work explores the intersections of sexuality, rhetorical theory, cultural politics, and film. He holds an appointment as the Fletcher Professor of English Literature and has served as the Chair of the English Department. He gained international recognition for his books about queer theory, post-structuralism, psychoanalytic theory, and cultural studies. He has a Ph.D. from Yale University, a M. Phil. from Yale, an M.A. from Yale, and a B.A. from Northwestern University. 
Leo Bersani wrote of his most recent book, "No Future": "In consistently brilliant theoretical discussions (for the most part, psychoanalytically inspired), as well as in strikingly original readings of Dickens, George Eliot, and Hitchcock, Lee Edelman argues that in a political culture dominated by the sentimental illusions and frequently murderous moral imperatives of 'reproductive futurism,' homosexuality has been assigned—and should deliberately and defiantly take on—the burden of a negativity at once embedded within and violently disavowed by that culture. The paradoxical dignity of queerness would be its refusal to believe in a redemptive future, its embrace of the unintelligibility, even the inhumanity inherent in sexuality. Edelman's extraordinary text is so powerful that we could perhaps reproach him only for not spelling out the mode in which we might survive our necessary assent to his argument."
While Edelman's work is widely read, he has faced criticism from many fellow critics regarding the limited perspective of his theory. 
Edelman is married to critic, novelist, and fellow English professor Joseph Litvak.
Awards.
2006 Lerman-Neubauer Award for Outstanding Teaching and Advising
2005 Named Fletcher Chair of English Literature
1998 Awarded the Distinguished Scholar Award by Tufts University
1994 Tufts Class of 1994 Recognition for Excellence
1993 Chosen by Alumni of Class of 1986 as one of Tufts' Most Influential Teachers
1989 Crompton-Noll Award of the MLA for "Redeeming the Phallus"
1989 Lillian and Joseph Leibner Award for Distinguished Teaching and Advising

</doc>
<doc id="19420185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420185" title="Armenians in Uruguay">
Armenians in Uruguay

Armenians in Uruguay number around 19,000. The Armenian community in Uruguay is one of the oldest in South America. Most live in the capital Montevideo.
History.
Being one of the Armenian diaspora's smaller communities, Armenians in Uruguay are concentrated mostly in the capital city. Many of the Armenians are third or even fourth-generation descendants of the first wave of immigrants from Turkey. The Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU) established a chapter in Uruguay in 1939 and inaugurated a community center complex in 1953.
Recognition of the Armenian Genocide by various world parliaments was spearheaded by Uruguay's Parliament, when in May 1985 it became the third country in the world to recognize the Armenian Genocide. The Parliament has subsequently consistently supported various resolutions in favor of the Armenians.
Community.
Between 1974 and 1975, the AGBU Uruguay Chapter established an educational center which was completed in two phases: first to be completed was the Nubarian Elementary School in honor of the founder of AGBU, Boghos Nubar; then came the Alex Manoogian High School, named after the then AGBU President.
The Armenians are very active in the arts. Alvaro Hagopian is the conductor of the Montevideo Philharmonic Orchestra. Also operating are Cordoba Dance Group "Ararat" (AGBU) and the Armenian National Center "Gayane" Dance Group (of Uruguay's Armenian National Center).
There is a long-running radio station "Radio Armenia" broadcasting from Montevideo heard across Uruguay, Argentina to the Armenian community of Buenos Aires and into southern Brazil. 
Montevideo has a public square named Armenia. The Uruguay Parliament also has a minister and former member of Parliament of Armenian origin, Liliam Kechichian.
Religion.
Most Armenians belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church. The main center is the Armenian Church of Montevideo, Uruguay (). The church also has a memorial statue dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide.
There is also a significant presence of Armenian Catholics and Armenian Evangelicals.
The main Armenian places of worship in Montevideo are:

</doc>
<doc id="19420203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420203" title="WMKB">
WMKB

WMKB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420204" title="Typhoon Hagupit">
Typhoon Hagupit

The name Hagupit has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by the Philippines which means "to lash" or "flog".

</doc>
<doc id="19420226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420226" title="Where Does It Hurt?">
Where Does It Hurt?

Where Does it Hurt? is a 1972 American comedy film directed by Rodney Amateau, starring Peter Sellers, Jo Ann Pflug, and Rick Lenz.
A satirical black comedy about capitalism in a hospital, Sellers plays the hospital administrator, Dr Albert T Hopfnagel, in one of his best mature performances. 

</doc>
<doc id="19420250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420250" title="Eight O'Clock Walk">
Eight O'Clock Walk

"Eight O'Clock Walk" is a 1954 British drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Richard Attenborough, Cathy O'Donnell, and Maurice Denham. Its plot involves a taxi-driver who is tried for the murder of a young girl on a bomb site.

</doc>
<doc id="19420357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420357" title="List of museums in Canada">
List of museums in Canada


</doc>
<doc id="19420359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420359" title="Cape Sabine DEW Line Station">
Cape Sabine DEW Line Station

Cape Sabine DEW Line Station was a public-use airport is a closed United States Air Force facility. It was formerly a Distant Early Warning Line Intermediate type radar station. It was closed in 1963 and has been abandoned ever since. Title to the property has been transferred from the Air Force to the Bureau of Land Management.
Facilities.
Cape Sabine Airport had one runway designated 2/20 with a 2,700 by 50 ft (823 x 15 m) gravel surface.
History.
The airport was built in 1957 to support the Distant Early Warning Line Radar station at Cape Sabine (LIZ-A). The station was logistically supported by the 711th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron based at Cape Lisburne Air Force Station, although Cape Sabine was operated by civilian contract workers. It was closed in 1963 and has been abandoned ever since. 
The radars and other military buildings were removed around 2000, returning the site to a natural condition.

</doc>
<doc id="19420413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420413" title="Troubles (Steve Lacy album)">
Troubles (Steve Lacy album)

Troubles is the second album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It features performances of five of Lacy's compositions by Lacy, Steve Potts, Irene Aebi, Kent Carter and Oliver Johnson.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This fairly obscure effort from the Steve Lacy Quintet of 1979 features the great soprano saxophonist in typically exploratory yet thoughtful form on five originals. His interplay with the underrated altoist Steve Potts (who doubles on soprano) is the main reason to acquire the set, while violinist/vocalist Irene Aebi's contributions are typically eccentric and an acquired taste. Bassist Kent Carter and drummer Oliver Johnson are stimulating throughout, particularly in support of the vocal choir on the precious serious/hilarious title track and the more stern "No Baby." ".

</doc>
<doc id="19420414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420414" title="Macarthur, Victoria">
Macarthur, Victoria

Macarthur is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia on the Hamilton-Port Fairy Road. It is in the Shire of Moyne local government area and the federal Division of Wannon. At the 2006 census, Macarthur and the surrounding area had a population of 804.
History.
Macarthur Post Office opened 1 January 1862.
Community.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Hawkesdale has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Mininera & District Football League.
Golfers play at the course of the Macarthur Golf Club on Hamilton Road.
Macarthur is also the site of the large Macarthur Wind Farm, due for completion by the end of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19420437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420437" title="Dysart State High School">
Dysart State High School

Dysart State High School is a co-educational public high school in Dysart, Central Queensland, Australia, serving grades 8 through 12. Opened in 1982, it was developed from a Secondary Department attached to Dysart State School in 1978.
Dysart's mission is "To help, encourage & challenge the individual to strive to fulfil his or her potential in all facets of life." The school's motto is: "Strive to Achieve".
Facilities.
All buildings are fully wheel-chair accessible and have evaporative air-cooling in each classroom. Dysart has specialist Manual Arts, Science, Home Economics facilities as well as an extensive library and two computer laboratories, where Students may use the "Connect-Ed" program to access the Internet.
Courses of study.
Year 8 offers English, Mathematics, Science, Social Science, Health & Physical Education, Manual Arts, Home Economics, Music, Keyboarding, Art and French. 
Year 9 and 10 specializes in Manual Arts, Home Economics, Commerce & Computing, Art, Music and Drama, as well as core subjects including English, Math, Science, Social Science and Physical Education. 
Senior students are offered Board, Study Area Specification (SAS) and other school subjects within the Senior School. They are also provided with vocational courses as electives. Approximately one-half of graduating students continue on to complete tertiary studies.
Awards.
In 2007, Dysart was a Showcase State Finalist for Excellence in Senior Phase of Learning and Excellence in Leadership for the Skilling Students for Success program and Dysart Community Pathways Program.
Uniform policy.
Students are required to wear the prescribed school uniform at all times during the school day and whenever on school premises. Makeup of any kind is strictly forbidden.

</doc>
<doc id="19420440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420440" title="The Scamp">
The Scamp

The Scamp is a 1957 British drama film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Richard Attenborough, Colin Petersen, and Dorothy Alison.

</doc>
<doc id="19420468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420468" title="Mick Pleass">
Mick Pleass

George Victor "Mick" Pleass (12 November 1874 – 1 October 1914) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Pleass was a follower and played his early football at South Melbourne when they were in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). He participated in their inaugural VFL match and remained with the club until 1904 when he crossed to Essendon, after his transfer to play for Boulder in the Western Australian Goldfields was refused. During his career he represented Victoria at interstate football on three occasions.
The ruckman had given away the game briefly in 1902 to become a field umpire but returned to South Melbourne after officiating in a couple of games.

</doc>
<doc id="19420470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420470" title="Thomas Fell">
Thomas Fell

Thomas Fell (1598–1658), was vice-chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster.
Biography.
Personal.
Fell was born at Hawkeswell, near Ulverston. He was the son of George Fell, a gentleman of ancient Lancashire family. He was admitted student of Gray's Inn in 1623, called to the bar in 1631, and practised successfully for several years. In 1632 he married Margaret Askew, by whom he had nine children, and resided at Swarthmore Hall, near Dalton-in-Furness, his paternal property. In 1641 he was placed on the commission of the peace for Lancashire, when some royalists were removed, and in the following year he was appointed one of the parliamentary sequestrators for the county.
Career.
In 1645, he was elected to parliament for the city of Lancaster. In the following year, on the newly remolded section of the local church, his namme appears on the list of laymen for the presbytery of Furness. In 1648, Oliver Cromwell named him a commissioner for the safety of the county, and in 1649 he was nominated vice-chancellor of the duchy and attorney for the county palatine. From 1650–1 he was chosen as bencher of Gray's Inn, and is recorded as being at that time a judge of assize for the Chester and North Wales circuit. 
Fell was considered a leading puritan in the district of Furness, and practiced hospitality with his wife's assistance. When, during his absence on circuit in 1652, the family was converted by George Fox, Fell hastened home and was met by Fox, who explained his doctrines. Although Fell never embraced Quakerism, he granted the use of Swarthmore Hall for friends to meet in, and frequently sat in an adjoining room with the door open, so as to afford them the protection of his presence. His wife says, ‘He was very loving to Friends.’
In 1652 he worked the northern circuit with President John Bradshaw. In 1653 he was, with certain other justices, directed to prevent royalists landing or gathering in Cumberland or Lancashire, and at the end of that year he was, with Bradshaw, appointed a commissioner for reviving the duchy jurisdiction at Westminster. In 1654, he was appointed one of the commissioners for keeping the seal of the county of Lancaster. 
From a letter written to him by Thomas Aldam in 1654, it appears that his favoritism toward Quakers made him unpopular; but in 1655 he was directed to proceed to London to determine cases in the duchy court at Westminster. For several years before his death, Fell withdrew from parliamentary life, disapproving of the Protector's assumption of authority in civil and religious matters. Although Cromwell is believed to have made several overtures to him, he still declined to take any active part in the government.
Personal.
He died at Swarthmore on 8 Oct. 1658, and was buried in Ulverston Church by torchlight. The record of his burial states that he was chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster. He left one son and seven daughters, one of whom, Sarah Fell, a Quaker minister, was noted not only for her beauty, but also for her eloquence and knowledge of Hebrew. She married one Mead. By his will Fell founded the Town Bank grammar school at Ulverston, and left a number of legacies to the poor.

</doc>
<doc id="19420478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420478" title="2009 Chicago White Sox season">
2009 Chicago White Sox season

The 2009 Chicago White Sox season is the organization's 110th season in Chicago and 109th in the American League. The Sox entered the 2009 season as the defending American League Central champions, attempting to repeat against the Cleveland Indians, Detroit Tigers, Kansas City Royals and Minnesota Twins. They finished the season 79–83, 3rd place in the American League Central, 7½ games behind the AL Central champion Minnesota Twins.
On July 23 Mark Buehrle threw the 18th perfect game in Major League history, defeating the Tampa Bay Rays 5–0.
Off-season.
The Sox entered the off-season expecting to part ways with 3B Joe Crede, SS Orlando Cabrera, and CF Ken Griffey, Jr. They were expected to move Rookie of the Year runner-up Alexei Ramírez to shortstop, leaving openings at second base, center field, and third base. There may also be opening in the starting rotation as José Contreras is not expected to be back until after the all-star break, as he recovers from a ruptured Achilles tendon.
Spring training.
16–20–1
February.
2–2
March.
12–16–1 
April.
2–2
Regular season.
The White Sox started out the season against the Kansas City Royals on April 7 and they ended the season against Detroit Tigers on October 4.
Season standings.
MLB Standings
April.
The White Sox started the season against the Royals on April 7 (originally scheduled for April 6 but postponed due to cold and snow), winning 4–2. On April 13 in Detroit, 3rd inning, Jermaine Dye hit his 300th career home run. The next batter, Paul Konerko, hit his 300th career home run. It is the first time in MLB history to have such a back-to-back milestone home runs, and the Sox wins it 10–6. On April 25 against the Toronto Blue Jays, Alexei Ramírez hit a grand slam as the Sox won 10–2. The White Sox finished April 11–10.
May.
On May 7 against the Detroit Tigers, Mark Buehrle pitched a no-hitter through seventh inning before Plácido Polanco hit a line-drive double to left field; however the Sox shut out the Tigers 6–0. On May 11 against the Cleveland Indians in Progressive Field, Carlos Quentin hit a slump after suffering from plantar fasciitis which hampered his swing. He was forced to miss two games as a result of the injury. On May 15–18, Sox played with Toronto Blue Jays and Sox lost all four games in Toronto for two straight years and lost 10 straight games in Toronto since June 1, 2007. On May 21 against the Minnesota Twins, the Sox had a biggest loss 20–1 since May 10, 2002, when Sox lost to Anaheim Angels 19–0 in Los Angeles. On May 24 against the Pittsburgh Pirates, in the top of the ninth inning, Jack Wilson hit his first home run of season and tied the game at 3. The next batter Nyjer Morgan hit a double and then Delwyn Young singled and Morgan scored from second and Sox trailed it 4–3. In the bottom of the ninth inning, all batters that Matt Capps faced struck out swinging. The next day in Los Angeles against the Angels, the Sox scored 17 runs in one game, the most runs since the 2006 season. Also on that day, Carlos Quentin suffered his heel injury after he hit a double and he was placed on the 15-day disabled list. The last three games of that month, Sox swept the Royals in Kansas City. The White Sox finished May 13–15.
June.
On June 1–4 against the Oakland Athletics, the Sox won the first game and lost last three, even though Oakland A's had one of the worst records in the American League, although that team is in a 7-game winning streak. On June 9 against the Detroit Tigers in the bottom of the ninth inning, bases loaded, trailing 6–4, Paul Konerko doubled down the left field line in which Scott Podsednik and Alexei Ramírez scored, but DeWayne Wise was called out at home plate even though replays showed that he looked safe since Wise's hand touched the home plate before he got tagged. The next batter, rookie Gordon Beckham struck out swinging with man on second to end the inning. In the top of the tenth inning, Miguel Cabrera hit a solo home run for a shameful loss 7–6. The Sox finished 12-game 11-day home stand with a bad record 4–8. On June 14 in Milwaukee against the Brewers, Mark Buehrle hit a solo home run in third inning. The Sox defeated the Brewers 5–4. On June 16, it was scheduled that Sox should have played with Cubs in Wrigley Field, but it was postponed due to rain, and the make-up date is announced to be September 3. On June 19 against the Reds in Cincinnati, the Sox had a first loss to Reds since 1999 and the Sox finished the record with Reds in this decade 11–1. The next day with Reds, after the third inning, Sox trailed it 5–0 and Sox came back and win it 10–8, which is the biggest come back so far this season. On June 24 against the Los Angeles Dodgers, Sox hit 6 home runs in one game, first time since June 8, 2004 against the Philadelphia Phillies. The homers are ones by Jermaine Dye, Paul Konerko, Jayson Nix, Alexei Ramírez, and two by Josh Fields. The Sox beat the Dodgers 10–7. In next day, the Sox defeated the Dodgers 6–5 for thirteen innings after Scott Podsednik hit a bases-loaded single and Beckham scored. The Sox took 2-out-of-3 in this series against the Dodgers, even though Dodgers had the best record of baseball. On June 27 against the Cubs, this game went back and forth. Finally, Gordon Beckham hit a walk-off RBI in the bottom of the ninth inning and Josh Fields scored to give Sox a 8–7 victory. The White Sox finished June 15–13.
July.
On July 7 against the Cleveland Indians, Paul Konerko hit his first career three home runs in one game (one grand slam and two solo home runs), first time for White Sox player since José Valentín did on July 30, 2003, at Kansas City Royals. Typically the Sox took the victory 10–6. The starting pitcher Mark Buehrle (9–3 as of July 14) went to the All-Star Game on July 14 at Busch Stadium in St. Louis. On July 17 against the Baltimore Orioles, Jim Thome hit a grand slam and a three-run homer in a same game for his career high seven RBIs. On that day, the Sox beat the Orioles 12–8. On July 21 against the Tampa Bay Rays, Carlos Quentin was activated from a 15-day disabled list, which he went 1–4. On July 23, Mark Buehrle threw a perfect game over the Tampa Bay Rays and second career no-hitter. It is the only second perfect game in White Sox history, first since 1922. It is the 18th perfect game in MLB history, first time since Randy Johnson in 2004 for the Arizona Diamondbacks. On July 31, the day of the trade deadline the White Sox traded away Clayton Richard, Aaron Poreda, Adam Russell and Dexter Carter for former Cy Young Award winner Jake Peavy from the San Diego Padres. The White Sox finished July 14–13.
August.
On August 10 the White Sox claimed Alex Ríos of the Toronto Blue Jays off waivers. Ríos is signed through 2014 for $69.35 million with a no trade clause this year and a partial no trade clause through the rest of his contract. On August 12 against the Seattle Mariners in Safeco Field, the score was 0–0 until Ken Griffey, Jr. (former White Sox teammate) hit a walk-off single down the right field line in the fourteenth inning with men on first and second in which Adrián Beltré scored. On August 18, Freddy García picked up his first start for the White Sox since September 29, 2006. García get his loss to Kansas City Royals 5–4. On August 24 against the Boston Red Sox in third inning, José Contreras committed an error while trying to pick up a ball down the first baseline by David Ortiz to assist for a final out, which led to a season high six unearned runs and the Sox loses 12–8. On August 31 after the game, the Sox traded away Jim Thome to Los Angeles Dodgers for minor league infielder Justin Fuller and José Contreras to Colorado Rockies for minor league pitcher Brandon Hynick. The White Sox finished August 11–17.
September.
On September 2 against the Minnesota Twins at the Metrodome, the Sox trailed 2–0 before Gordon Beckham and Paul Konerko hit back-to-back home runs with 2 outs in the ninth inning when both had 3–2 accounts off of Joe Nathan. Alexei Ramírez hit an RBI single and DeWayne Wise scores, and then Carlos Quentin scored on a wild pitch to Alex Ríos, which makes it 4–2 White Sox and a huge comeback victory to avoid sweep by Twins. On September 3, the interleague game against the Cubs at Wrigley Field was made-up from June 16. The Sox shutout the Cubs 5–0, finishing this year's interleague play 12–6 for Sox and 6–9 for Cubs, both are identical to last season's interleague play. The White Sox starting pitcher Carlos Torres picked up his first major league victory after he was debuted on July 22. On September 4, the White Sox got 20 hits against the Red Sox, the most hits in a game against that team since 1960. On September 5 against the Boston Red Sox, Gavin Floyd retired the first 17 hitters (broken up by Nick Green's single with 2 outs in the 6th inning) and a career high 11 strikeouts for 8 innings pitched, which the Sox took the victory 5–1. On September 7, Mark Buehrle picked up his first win since the perfect game on July 23. On the next day against the Oakland Athletics, Carlos Torres pitched for just ⅔ inning as he allowed 5 runs on 4 hits with 2 homers. It is the shortest outing by a Sox starter in more than six years. Typically, Sox lost to Oakland 11–3. On September 12 at Los Angeles Angels, Scott Podsednik hit an inside-the-park home run, first time for the Sox since Joe Borchard hit that on September 9, 2002 at Kansas City Royals. Typically, Sox defeated the Angels 4–3 in ten innings. On September 17 against the Mariners in Safeco, with the score 3–1 Sox lead in the bottom of the ninth inning, Bobby Jenks allowed two home runs, one by José Lopez with nobody out and one by Bill Hall with two outs, which made it 3–3. In the bottom of the fourteenth inning, Ichiro Suzuki hit a walk-off single to center field with men on first and second in which Ryan Langerhans scored. On September 19, Jake Peavy got his first start for the White Sox since he started for San Diego Padres on June 8. Peavy picked up his first victory over the Royals 13–3. On September 21–23 against the Minnesota Twins, the Sox got swept at home for a first time since August 2007 when they were swept by Red Sox. On September 26 against the Detroit Tigers after 4th inning, Sox led 5–0, Tigers came back and defeated the White Sox 12–5. With that first loss at home on Saturday this season, the Sox finished the season's home games on Saturdays 11–1. The White Sox finished September 13–14.
October.
The White Sox finished October 2–1 after winning two-out-of-three games in a series against the Detroit Tigers in Comerica Park.
Player stats.
Batting.
"Note: G = Games played; AB = At Bats; R = Runs scored; H = Hits; 2B = Doubles; 3B = Triples; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in; AVG = Batting average; SB = Stolen bases"
Pitching.
"Note: W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; G = Games pitched; GS = Games started; SV = Saves; IP = Innings pitched; H = Hits allowed; R = Runs allowed; ER = Earned runs allowed; BB = Walks allowed; K = Strikeouts; BAA = Batting average against" 

</doc>
<doc id="19420487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420487" title="Miles Romney">
Miles Romney

Miles Romney (born July 13, 1806) was an early English convert to Mormonism, Mormon pioneer and early settler of the American west, including St. George, Utah. In 1837, Romney and his wife Elizabeth joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in a baptism ceremony just south of Preston, Lancashire, England. Soon after, they emigrated to the United States to join other Latter-Day Saints in Nauvoo, Illinois.
Early life.
Romney was born in Dalton-in-Furness, Lancashire (now in Cumbria), in 1806. He was the son of George Romney, Jr. (whose father, George Romney, Sr., was first cousin to the English portrait artist also named George Romney) and Sarah King. The Romney family had been longtime residents of the area, and were practicising members of the Church of England congregation at St Marys parish church in Penwortham.
Romney worked as a carpenter in the area, working as far afield as Preston. On November 16, 1830, he married Elizabeth Gaskell. The couple eventually had nine children, including Miles Park Romney.
Seven years after the founding of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, in 1837 three missionaries were sent to Northwest England, and started preaching in Preston. Romney and his wife were early converts, baptised in the River Ribble just south of Preston. They then emigrated to join other members of the Church in Nauvoo, Illinois.
United States.
Once in the United States, Romney worked as an architect, designing or assisting in building early temples, tabernacles and other buildings important to the LDS church. Romney worked in both Nauvoo and westward in Utah, and assisted in building the Nauvoo Temple.
After coming to Utah, Romney went with a group of pioneers to settle St. George, Utah. There he served as superintendent of construction for the St. George Utah Temple, the first LDS temple completed in the state of Utah. As an architect, Romney designed the St. George Tabernacle and Brigham Young Winter Home and Office, the latter with his son, Miles Park Romney. Both are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Miles Romney supervised the construction of the St. George Temple and Tabernacle.
Romney died in St. George, Utah, on May 3, 1877 from complications suffered from a fall while working on the St. George Temple.
See also.
Romney-Pratt family

</doc>
<doc id="19420499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420499" title="Clovis News Journal">
Clovis News Journal

The Clovis News Journal is a daily broadsheet newspaper published in Clovis in Curry County, New Mexico. It was owned by Freedom Communications until 2012, when it was sold to Clovis Media. Daily circulation is about 8,697.

</doc>
<doc id="19420507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420507" title="List of museums in Italy">
List of museums in Italy

This is a list of museums in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19420511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420511" title="Miles Park Romney">
Miles Park Romney

Miles Park Romney (August 18, 1843-March 1904) was born in Nauvoo, Illinois, the son of Miles Romney. He was the president of the St. George Social Hall Company and the St. George Dramatic Association, and also served as a chief of police, attorney-at-law, newspaper editor, and architect. One of his sons, Gaskell Romney, was the father of George W. Romney and grandfather of Mitt Romney.
Miles Park Romney became a builder, moved to Utah, married one woman, did mission work in England, returned to Utah and married another woman on orders from Brigham Young. He became quite prominent in the Mormon community, building Brigham Young’s home and helping to defeat a congressional anti-polygamy law. Miles Park Romney and his three wives and various children were then sent to settle St. Johns, Ariz., as part of the church leadership’s plan to settle across the entire American West. St. Johns was not particularly welcoming to the Mormon newcomers, with Romney, the editor of the local Mormon paper a particular target; Romney became entangled in a non-Mormon led effort to try David King Udall, another prominent Mormon and bishop, for fraud involving a homestead application and after various threats to hang the lot of them, the polygamous Romney family was told to try Mexico instead.
A polygamist, in the aftermath of the Edmunds Anti-Polygamy Act of 1882 (later amended by the Edmunds–Tucker Act, 1887), Romney, on April 7, 1885, joined a party leaving Arizona to find land outside the U.S., in the state of Chihuahua, Mexico, on which his family could settle, free from fear of his arrest. Romney died on February 26, 1904, in Colonia Dublan, Mexico.
Romney's five wives, in order of marriage, were Hannah Hood Hill (1862), Caroline "Carrie" Lambourne (1867), Catherine Jane Cottam (1873), Alice Marie "Annie" Woodbury (1877) and Emily "Millie" Henrietta Eyring Snow (1897). Romney married Hannah Hood Hill on May 10, 1862, at Salt Lake City, Utah. 

</doc>
<doc id="19420519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420519" title="Doug McNichol">
Doug McNichol

Douglas Stewart McNichol (March 29, 1930, St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada – February 15, 2012 in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada) was a professional Canadian football player with the Canadian Football League's Montreal Alouettes and the Toronto Argonauts. After playing college football at the University of Western Ontario, McNichol was drafted first overall by the Alouettes in the first ever Canadian College Draft in 1953 and spent his entire 11-year CFL career as a defensive lineman. McNichol won East All-Star honours in 1953, 1954, 1955, 1958 and 1959.
He played for the Bramalea Satellites Ontario Rugby Football Union intermediate team in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19420520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420520" title="Haycock Airport">
Haycock Airport

Haycock Airport was a public-use airport located in Haycock, which is in the Nome Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. The airport was publicly owned by the Alaska Department of Natural Resources.
Facilities and aircraft.
Haycock Airport had one runway designated 15/33 with a gravel and dirt surface measuring 1,750 by 15 feet (533 x 5 m). For the 12-month period ending July 18, 1992, the airport had 300 aircraft operations, an average of 25 per month: 67% air taxi and 33% general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="19420528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420528" title="Gaskell Romney">
Gaskell Romney

Gaskell Samuel Romney (1871–1955) is regarded as a father of the Romneys, a U.S. political family. Romney was born in St. George, Utah, the son of Miles Park Romney and Hannah Hood Hill. 
Gaskell Romney moved to Mexico when his father helped to found the Mormon colony in Colonia Dublán, Galeana, Chihuahua, Mexico, in 1885. The Romney families lost their holdings in Chihuahua during the Mexican Revolution and in 1912 Romney moved back to the United States. Eventually he was reimbursed by the Mexican government for some of his losses. He married in 1895 to Anna Amelia Pratt. Romney was the father of six sons and one daughter: Maurice, Douglas, Miles, George W. Romney, Lawrence, Charles and Meryl. Gaskell himself was a candidate for County Commissioner 1931 as a Republican. He died in Salt Lake City, Utah, on March 7, 1955 and is buried in Wasatch Lawn Memorial Park in the city.
Extended families.
A number of Romney's descendants have became prominent in U.S. politics. His son, George W. Romney, was a two-term governor and a presidential cabinet member; his grandson, Mitt Romney, ran for the 2008 and 2012 Presidential elections. Through Romney's wife, there is an ancestral link with renowned early Mormon leader Parley Parker Pratt. The Romney clan is also linked by marriage to the Smith Family, the Matheson Family, and the Huntsman family. The Pratt family dates back to the 17th century in Connecticut, originating with William Pratt who served as a representative to the colonial legislature of the state for 23 terms. Miles Romney, patriarch of the Romney family, immigrated to the United States from Dalton-in-Furness, England, in the 1840s. Aside from politics and government, their legacy extends into other professions.

</doc>
<doc id="19420552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420552" title="If All Goes Wrong">
If All Goes Wrong

If All Goes Wrong is a feature-length documentary about The Smashing Pumpkins, which chronicles the band's residencies at The Orange Peel in Asheville and The Fillmore in San Francisco in summer 2007. It was screened, in competition, at Ghent Film Festival in October 2008. It also screened in select theaters in the United States on November 6, 2008, as well as in other countries, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Australia and New Zealand.
The documentary covers Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan's attempts to write and debut new music at the residencies, as well as the revival of the band with new members. Much of the documentary deals with the struggle to remain relevant as a band, both artistically and commercially.
The documentary was released as part of a two-disc DVD set. The first disc contains the documentary, as well as "Voices of the Ghost Children", a featurette about the band's fans, and an interview with The Who guitarist Pete Townshend. The second disc contains 15 songs recorded at various points during the residency, all mixed in surround sound with five songs recorded during rehearsals on the floor of the venue included.
On February 14 2009, the DVD won Outstanding Achievement in Sound Mixing in the DVD Original Programming category at the Cinema Audio Society awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19420562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420562" title="NGC 5821">
NGC 5821

NGC 5821 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. It lies near a similarly massed galaxy, NGC 5820, at the same redshift.

</doc>
<doc id="19420616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420616" title="Cam Gambolati">
Cam Gambolati

Cam M. Gambolati (born September 29, 1949 in Manchester, Connecticut) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse trainer best known for winning the 1985 Kentucky Derby with Spend A Buck.
Gambolati worked as a Laundromat operator and as a statistician for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. He has had a long association with racehorse owner and University of Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino who heads a racing partnership competing as the Ol Memorial Stable .

</doc>
<doc id="19420620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420620" title="Bill Fraser (Australian footballer)">
Bill Fraser (Australian footballer)

Bill 'Buns' Fraser (born 29 March 1867) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and for both South Melbourne and Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association.
Through the early 1890s, Fraser played as a forward for Port Melbourne. He kicked 40 goals in the 1892 season. Prior to 1895, he was cleared to South Melbourne, where he played in both the VFA and VFL until 1904. Fraser captained South Melbourne in its first two VFL seasons. He could play a variety of positions and was used as a winger, forward and centreman during his career. Fraser was a forward pocket in the 1899 VFL Grand Final loss to Fitzroy.

</doc>
<doc id="19420624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420624" title="Joseph Lofthouse">
Joseph Lofthouse

Joseph Lofthouse, Senior (18 December 1855 – 16 December 1933) was a Canadian Anglican bishop in the 20th century.
Lofthouse was born on 18 December 1855. He was ordained in 1883 and began his ministry as a missioner at Fort York. He was then Archdeacon of Moosonee before being appointed as the first Bishop of Keewatin in 1902.
The Hudson's Bay Company had neglected the spiritual welfare of its employees and the surrounding natives. In 1882 Rev. Lofthouse was sent out to found a church in Churchill, Manitoba. After a while he wrote back to friends in England describing his adventures. He mentioned that one of the things that made it difficult to establish a proper parish was the fact that he did not have a wife. He then said, in effect, "Do you know a girl who would like to travel 4,000 miles across the ocean, marry a man she has never seen before, live in a place where it gets to be forty degrees below zero and be the only white woman within 200 miles?" They wrote back saying, in effect "Why yes, we know a girl just like that. If she says yes we'll send her out on the next boat."
Reverend Lofthouse wrote out a letter of proposal and put it on the boat for England. Next spring, her affirmative answer arrived on the dog sled from Winnipeg. Since he was not in Churchill, he had to walk for eight days up the coast through roadless country. When the ship arrived (it was a month late), he found that the girl had missed the boat. Since the ship had no proper accommodations for a lady, she had been refused passage. There being no more sailings that year, he had to wait until next year after the ice broke up.
The next year, he made another nine-day walk up the coast. The ship arrived on the last day of August and the lady (Betsy Fallding) was introduced to her future husband. The next day she realized something that she had not thought of before. If there was to be a wedding, there would have to be a minister and Rev. Lofthouse was the only preacher around. Since he could not conduct his own marriage ceremony, the marriage was impossible and she would have to go back to England. The captain of a Canadian government ship, which happened to be in port, pointed out that he was a magistrate, and, as such, had the power to conduct the ceremony. They were married on September 4, 1884.
Rev. and Mrs. Lofthouse built, mostly with their own hands, the Anglican church which is still in use in Churchill. Rev. Lofthouse made a number of difficult trips into the interior to preach to the Eskimos. He ended his career as Bishop of Keewatin.
Lofthouse retired in 1921 and died at Dawlish on 16 December 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="19420636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420636" title="Cogito">
Cogito

Cogito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420639" title="Budhivanta">
Budhivanta

Budhivanta (translation: "Intelligent") (also known as "Buddhimanthudu" in Telugu) is a 2008 Kannada language film starring Upendra in the lead role. It was directed by Ramnath Rigvedhi. It is a remake of the Tamil film "Naan Avanillai". It was released on 26 September 2008. The film was supposed to be released on Upendra's birthday, 18 September 2008, but because of the delay in censor certification, the release date got postponed to 26 September 2008. It became the highest grossing Kannada film of 2008 and turned out to be a much bigger hit than the original "Naan Avanillai". Upendra's performance in 7 different roles and his dilogue delivery was praised by the critics and the audience.
Plot.
The film begins with three separate teams accusing the same man of marrying one among them and making off with all their wealth. The police term it the Manmatha Raja case, and it receives wide media coverage. A man's likeness is also broadcast. Upon seeing that, two more girls realise that they have also been cheated by the same man, but are unwilling to believe it. On a separate track, Panchamruta aka Panche (Upendra) is travelling in a bus. The bus meets with an accident and Panche is admitted to the hospital. A policeman ties Panche's face to that of the accused in the Manmatha Raja case and Panche is arrested. Panche's case receives widespread attention, and it finally comes before the judge (Lakshmi). The judge's daughter Pooja (Pooja Gandhi), a law student who's one of the girls cheated by Manmatha, obtains permission to watch the proceedings. 
The judge or judge-amma as Panche begins to call her, begins the proceedings by offering a court appointed lawyer for Panche's defence. Panche refuses, and says he will represent himself. The first witness in court is Rekha Vijay Mittal (Brinda). She recounts, she found a mobile at a parking lot which turns out to belong to Vijay Mittal (Upendra). Vijay talks to her in English, and asks her to hang on to the mobile, as he's flying to London. Rekha, impressed by him and his wealth, agrees. Vijay comes to Bangalore, and meets Rekha and her brother. Her brother is in the construction business and wants Vijay to help him move things with a strict politician. Vijay says that the politician expects 2.5 million in bribes in a briefcase and call it a file. They do so, and the politician who is unaware of the existence of the bribe money, takes it. Rekha wants to marry Vijay, but according to his friend Johnny Walker (Chidanand), he has prior commitments to marry an Englishwoman. Vijay however agrees to a quick wedding, and they get married. Vijay doesn't let them get photographed either. The next day, Vijay has run away from the house taking all the valuables with him. The money they had given to the politician is also gone, as Vijay has changed briefcases soon after. Rekha now says that Panche is Vijay Mittal. Panche argues that she has no proof at all that a wedding happened. He also suggests that the judge jails Rekha's brother on bribery charges as they have publicly accepted it. 
The public prosecutor has no choice but to accept Panche's arguments. In the mean time, Pooja is quite impressed with the arguments of Panche. She tells him so when he is being taken away, and she tells him that she knows that he is not Panche but Zakir Hussain (Upendra), who cheated her out of a painting she paid one lakh for. Panche disagrees strongly. The next witness is the Telugu girl Shanti/Telugu Pilla/Bangaru (Saloni). Shanti is obsessed with films, and she in uninterested in the man she is engaged to marry as he isn't heroic enough. She once meets a man wearing the Krissh face mask, and riding a bike on a single tyre. She is impressed with his heroism. He tells her his name is Khush (Upendra) and he gives her his mobile so she can contact him. Johnny Walker calls her instead, and lets her know that he's really Samarasimha Reddy, hailing from a Rayala Seema royal family and in filmy style has got rid of all his enemies. This impresses her further and she runs away with him with all her valuables. He builds a shack for them in Dil style, and marries her by exchanging flower garlands. Just when they're about to have their nuptials, he makes off with all the gold she's brought with her. In a fit of anger, Shanti has thrown away the mangalasutra he tied her. Now she accuses that Samarasimha Reddy is in fact Panche. Panche says he is not, and says that even this girl has no proof to accuse him and that the story itself was like a combination of four films. Shanti is extremely irritated, but she has no choice but to step down. 
In the meantime, a man named David Fernandes Shridhar claims that Panche is really his brother Joseph (Upendra). David had a failed marriage, and his wife, who is frustrated with David's poverty leaves with another man. Deeply affected by that Joseph takes to crime and unjust behaviour, and substantiates all his doings with unarguable logic. And one day, David gets irritated enough with Joseph that he throws him out of the house. Panche listens to all this and disagrees. He says he was born and brought up a Hindu, and also says that he is from Mangalore. The police find that the story he has told them about his mother is true. A DNA test between David and Panche comes back negative. The fourth witness is Radha Bai (Hema Chaudhry) who claims that Panche deceived them in the guise of Shri Shri Bhagwan Rajneesh (Upendra). He calls himself an incarnation of Lord Krishna, and has come to the ashram of Radha Bai to marry Rani (Netanya), her daughter and take her to heaven. Under the influence of the drugs he has fed them in the name of theertha, both Radha bai and Rani happily agree. He plies them with enough ramarasa for them to lose senses, and makes off with all their money. Panche ridicules them for their foolishness and also makes fun of the fact that Rani wanted to get married to a god. The public prosecutor has no counter-arguments here either. In the meantime, the police find Johnny Walker. Johnny says that he was bribed by a man like Panche to call all the women in question, but he is unable to convincingly tell them that Panche was indeed the man. 
The last witness is the industrialist Monica (Suman Ranganath), who says she had a secretary called Shyam Prasad (Upendra), who helped her realise that she was missing something without a marriage. She was a divorcee, divorced from her husband because she was a self-satisfied woman. She falls for Shyam and even announces their wedding, but Shyam walks away. She talks for Panche, and says he shouldn't be jailed. The judge listens to all these arguments and says that she has nothing on Panche, so he is free to go. Panche leaves, and men with the likeness of Shyam, Samarasimha, Rajneesh, Vijay who're present in the crowd also leave and everyone follows them. But, it turns out that these are all different men, all related to the girls, wearing wigs. And Panche is really David's brother Joseph who has been playacting with the girls to make them realise their mistakes and accept the men (the fake four) who love them. He explains that after he left David's house, he found that his sister in law committed suicide. He then decides to help these women by making them realise that their greed for different things is foolish. Along with the end credits, we are shown how Panche/Joseph falsified various evidences like the DNA sample.
Box office.
Karnataka.
"Budhivanta" had a fantastic opening across Karnataka by breaking many opening box office records. The film stormed the box office throughout its theatrical run and went on to become the highest grossing Kannada film of 2008, by collecting more than 150 million at the box office. It completed 100 days screening in more than 25 centres all over Karnataka. The film turned out to be a much bigger hit than the original "Naan Avanillai".
Andhra Pradesh.
The Telugu version of the film was released as "Budhimanthudu" in Andhra Pradesh. It completed 50 days of run and did decent business at the box office across Andhra Pradesh.
Music.
The Soundtrack of "Budhivantha" got an amazing response upon its audio release and turned out to be one of the best selling albums of the year. The official soundtrack contains seven songs composed by Vijay Antony with the lyrics primarily penned by Kaviraj and Upendra. The audio of the film was released on 18 June 2008, three months before the release of the film. The album was released by Times Music.

</doc>
<doc id="19420669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420669" title="Thorncliffe Park Raceway">
Thorncliffe Park Raceway

Thorncliffe Park Raceway was a racetrack in Leaside, Ontario, Canada that operated from 1917 until 1952. It was located east of Millwood Road, south of Eglinton Avenue East and north of the CPR railroad tracks. It was the first home of the Prince of Wales Stakes. The name is retained today in the name of the current Thorncliffe Park neighbourhood in Toronto.
History.
The site of Thorncliffe Park was a farm owned by Robert T. Davies, the wealthy founder of the Dominion Brewing Company. An avid participant in horse racing, under the banner of Thorncliffe Stable, he raced both thoroughbred and standardbred horses. After Davies' death in 1916 his estate sold the property to a group of investors from Baltimore, Maryland who built a horse racetrack. The track had a simple but small grandstand structure (and covered area) on the northside of the track, stables to the northeast and more stables and parking at the northwest side. Home to Thoroughbred horse racing, the track also revitalized harness racing in Toronto following its opening on July 21, 1917. Among its thoroughbred races, the track notably hosted the Prince of Wales Stakes, the My Dear Stakes, and the Clarendon Cup. The track operated until 1952 when it was sold to the Ontario Jockey Club who shut down thoroughbred racing on June 23, 1952 and harness racing on the site on August 12, 1953. The property was sold to a newly formed real estate development company.
Today, the old racetrack site is commemorated by two streets named Grandstand Place and Milepost Place and the number of residential and commercial buildings that took on racetrack stable names like Churchill, Maple Glen and Wellow Glen. Leaside Park and a wooded area cover the area to the south of the original racetrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19420688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420688" title="Trickles">
Trickles

Trickles is the first album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It features performances of five of Lacy's compositions by Lacy, Roswell Rudd, Kent Carter and Beaver Harris.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "One of the early Black Saint albums, this set features a reunion between soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and trombonist Roswell Rudd; bassist Ken Carter and drummer Beaver Harris complete the quartet. Although Lacy and Rudd had had a group 15 years earlier that exclusively played Thelonious Monk tunes, in this case they perform five of Lacy's diverse originals, stretching themselves on such tunes as "Trickles" and "Robes." The music is less melodic than expected but does have its moments of interest.".

</doc>
<doc id="19420692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420692" title="Thelma Buchholdt">
Thelma Buchholdt

Thelma Garcia Buchholdt (August 1, 1934 – November 5, 2007) was a Filipino American community activist, politician, historian, public speaker, cultural worker, and author. She was elected to the Alaska House of Representatives for four consecutive terms, from 1974 through 1982. She was the author of the book "Filipinos in Alaska: 1788-1958", which is now in its third printing and available through the Anchorage Museum at Rasmuson Center.
Early life and education.
Thelma Buchholdt was born Thelma Juana Garcia on August 1, 1934 in the small fishing village of Claveria, Cagayan, Philippines. She was the first of six children born to Eugenio Manalo Garcia and Dionisia de Leon. Her father was of mixed tribal heritage including Aeta and Ibanag, whose family came from Calanasan, Apayao. Her mother was of Ilocano heritage, whose ancestors came from Vigan, Ilocos Sur and also from Ilocos Norte province.
Her formal education began at the Academy of St. Joseph in Claveria, Cagayan. Because her education was interrupted by World War II, she did not attend school regularly until the age of 10.
When she was 15 years old, Buchholdt was enrolled at Mount St. Mary's College in Brentwood, Los Angeles, California. She was able to do this through the sponsorship of her maternal uncle Fermin de Leon, who was based in Las Vegas, Nevada. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1956, majoring in Zoology. On October 6, 1996, Mount St. Mary's College awarded her the 1996 Outstanding Alumna Award for Community Service.
She also enrolled in graduate studies at a Las Vegas-based extension of the University of Nevada, which later became the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
In 1988, immediately after her youngest child graduated from college, Thelma enrolled in the District of Columbia School of Law in Washington, D.C. She and her husband enrolled together, and earned their Juris Doctor in 1991.
Political career.
In the late 1960s in Anchorage, Alaska, Thelma Buchholdt became involved in politics as a member of the Ad Hoc Committee of Young Democrats. In 1969, she was selected to attend a conference "On the Future of Alaska" held by the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C. 
She ran for the Anchorage School Board and lost in a surprisingly close race for a first-time candidate. George McGovern named her the Alaska coordinator for his 1972 presidential campaign. After her work on the McGovern campaign, in 1974 Thelma was elected to the Alaska House of Representatives as an Ad Hoc Democrat. She was subsequently re-elected to the Alaskan legislature in 1976, 1978, and 1980.
She was the first female Filipino American legislator in the United States of America. 
She was also the first Filipino American elected to a United States legislative body by a constituency which was less than 3% Asian American and less than 1% Filipino American.
Personal life.
She met her husband of 50 years, Jon Buchholdt (né Yorgason), while studying in Las Vegas. They raised four children: Titania, Chris, Hans, and Dylan.
She was a member of the Alaska Bar Association, and practiced law as a member of the Buchholdt Law Offices, located in Anchorage.
She was the founder of the Filipino Heritage Council of Alaska, Inc., and coordinated its presentations of Filipino-Alaskan and Filipino cultural shows in Anchorage, Juneau, Kodiak, and Barrow, Alaska. She also coordinated the 1st Statewide Filipino Community Leadership Conference, held April 21 through 26, 1980 in Juneau, Alaska. A second Statewide Filipino Community Leadership Conference was held in 1981 in Anchorage, Alaska. 
She was the founder of the Alaska chapter of the Filipino American National Historical Society, and she served as a trustee and officer of National FANHS. She was the first three-term national president of FANHS.
Death and legacy.
Buchholdt died of pancreatic cancer on November 5, 2007, at her home in Anchorage.
November 10, 2007 was proclaimed Thelma Buchholdt Day by Alaska Governor Sarah Palin.
The Anchorage Municipal Assembly and Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich passed a joint resolution recognizing July 5, 2008 as Thelma Buchholdt Day "In Celebration of Thelma's Life Time Commitment to Public Service that Upholds Social Justice and the Great Values of Cultural Diversity and Respect for All Peoples."
Her life was one full of "firsts":
In 2008, Thelma Buchholdt was awarded the James "Jim" Doogan Lifetime Achievement Award by the Alaska Democratic Party.
On March 6, 2009, she was inducted into the Alaska Women's Hall of Fame in recognition of her long-term, significant contribution to Alaska.
The "Thelma G. Buchholdt Picnic Shelter" was erected in 2010 at Woodland Park, near her Anchorage home.
References.
1. http://www.uaa.alaska.edu/news/alaska-women-hall-of-fame-announces-inaugural-class.cfm accessed March 21, 2009
2. http://www.alaskawomenshalloffame.org/halloffame.html accessed March 21, 2009
3. http://www.thelmabuchholdt.com/ accessed August 21, 2009
4. http://gov.alaska.gov/parnell/press-room/full-press-release.html?pr=742 accessed June 27, 2010
5. http://www.muni.org/Departments/Assembly/legislation/2008%20Resolutions/ar2008-140.pdf accessed June 27, 2010
6. http://www.fanhs17.com accessed June 29, 2010
7. Thelma Buchholdt at Find a Grave.com accessed July 8, 2010

</doc>
<doc id="19420701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420701" title="Brewis">
Brewis

Brewis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
References.
Brewis One Name Study

</doc>
<doc id="19420723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420723" title="WNKX">
WNKX

WNKX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420749" title="Hawkesdale, Victoria">
Hawkesdale, Victoria

Hawkesdale is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia on the Penshurst-Warrnambool Road. It is in the Shire of Moyne local government area and the federal Division of Wannon. At the 2006 census, Hawkesdale and the surrounding area had a population of 399.
History.
Hawkesdale Post Office opened 11 April 1866.
Community.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Macarthur has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Mininera & District Football League. 
There is an outdoor swimming pool open in the summer months.
Golfers play at the course of the Hawkesdale Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19420757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420757" title="José Mojica Marins filmography">
José Mojica Marins filmography

José Mojica Marins (born March 13, 1936) is a Brazilian filmmaker, director, screenwriter, film and television actor and media personality. Marins is also known by his alter ego Zé do Caixão (in English, Coffin Joe).
Marins is noted for his trademark low-budget film style, and was known to primarily use friends and amateur actors to portray characters and function as crew. Although primarily known for films of the horror genre, Marins also produced trash cinema, exploitation, drugsploitation, sexploitation (often in the form of pseudo-documentaries), and westerns.

</doc>
<doc id="19420768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420768" title="Iran at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Iran at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Islamic Republic of Iran competed at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia.
Results by event.
Archery.
Men's recurve
Athletics.
Men
Women
Powerlifting.
Men
Shooting.
Men
Women
Mixed
Volleyball.
Men's sitting

</doc>
<doc id="19420806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420806" title="NGC 5930">
NGC 5930

NGC 5930 is a galaxy in the constellation Boötes. Interacting Galaxies, NGC 5930 and NGC 5929. 

</doc>
<doc id="19420838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420838" title="Brian Bedford (songwriter)">
Brian Bedford (songwriter)

Brian Bedford is a song writer, singer and studio recording engineer.
Biography.
Born 7 August 1949 in Barnsley, Yorkshire, Brian Bedford was educated at the Oaks County Secondary Modern School, Huddersfield School of Music and Bretton Hall College of Education. He took up cello whilst still at school, deciding music lessons were more appealing that spending cold playtimes outdoors. His then cello teacher, Eric Cooper, recognised and nurtured a spark of talent and encouraged him to apply for music college, something very few youngsters from his educational background did at the time.
After achieving a Diploma in Music from Huddersfield (1969-1972), Brian completed a post graduate teaching certificate at Bretton Hall College in Wakefield (1972-3) and went on to teach primary children for sixteen years at Crofton in Wakefield at both Crofton Shay Lane Junior and Infants and later Crofton Shay Lane Infants where he was deputy head until 1989.
In 1985 Brian was one of the founder members of the vocal harmony trio, Artisan (group), continuing to teach until Artisan's workload forced the decision to leave teaching in 1989 and become a full-time musician. He began writing songs and became Artisan's primary songwriter with the release of the album, "Breathing Space" with all songs by Brian.
His best known and most popular singe remains "What's the Use of Wings" from Artisan's 1991 CD "Rocking at the End of Time". In addition to Artisan's own version the song has been covered by artists as diverse as Vin Garbutt, the late John Wright and the Philadelphia Gay men's Choir.
Brian owns the copyrights and publishing rights to all his own songs. He is both a writer member and a publisher member of PRS and MCPS. His publishing company and recording label is Bedspring Music.
Brian is married to fellow Artisan member and SF writer Jacey Bedford and they have two children together.
Brian is now a studio recording engineer at Park Head Studio.
Discography.
As a member of Artisan Brian recorded the following albums all with songs written by him.

</doc>
<doc id="19420844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420844" title="China–Malaysia relations">
China–Malaysia relations

China–Malaysia relations (; Malay "Hubungan China-Malaysia") refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, China and Malaysia. China has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur and consulate general in Kuching. Malaysia has an embassy in Beijing and a consulate-general in Guangzhou Shanghai and Hong Kong.
History.
Ming Dynasty alliance with Malacca Sultanate.
The Sultanate of Malacca voluntarily became a protectorate and tributary state to Ming dynasty China, which protected Malacca against its enemies with military force, allowing the Muslim Sultanate to prosper. the Chinese warded off Thailand and Majapahit from conquering Malacca, and also engaged in war against Portugal for conquering Malacca.
At the foundation of Malacca, the native peoples were the peoples with Hinduism and Buddhism influence. According to the annals record, at the time Parameswara founded Malacca, the country was often attacked by the old enemies Majapahit and the rivals from northern area of Malacca, Ayutthaya Kingdom. Malacca able to hold position and fight back the enemies. Parameswara decided to send his ambassador to visit the Emperor of China, one of the superpower of the period, the Emperor of the Ming Dynasty, and both agreed to become allies. Ever since the agreement between Malacca Empire and China Empire, the Ayutthaya Kingdom and Majapahit Empire never intended to attack Malacca. Later some record suggested that during the trade activities and arrival of the Chinese-Muslim admiral Zheng He, Parameswara converted to Islam and adopted an Islamic name, Sultan Iskandar Shah. The new religion spread quickly throughout his conversion and the voyage of Zheng He.
Ming dynasty China warned Thailand and the Majapahit against trying to conquer and attack the Malacca sultanate, placing the Malacca Sultanate under Chinese protection as a protectorate, and giving the ruler of Malacca the title of King. The Chinese strengthened several warehouses in Malacca. The Muslim Sultanate flourished due to the Chinese protection against the Thai and other powers who wanted to attack Malacca. Thailand was also a tributary to China and had to obey China's orders not to attack
After Vietnam (Annam) destroyed Champa in the 1471 Vietnamese invasion of Champa, they proceeded to engage in hostilities with Malacca with the intent of conquest. The Chinese government sent a censor, Ch'en Chun, to Champa in 1474 to install the Champa King, but he discovered Vietnamese (Annamese) soldiers had taken over Champa and were blocking his entry. He proceeded to Malacca instead and its ruler sent back tribute to China. Malacca again sent envoys to China in 1481 to inform the Chinese that, while Malaccan envoys were returning to Malacca from China in 1469, the Vietnamese attacked the Malaccans, killing some of them while castrating the young and enslaving them. The Malaccans reported that Vietnam was in control of Champa and also sought to conquer Malacca, but the Malaccans did not fight back, because they did not want to fight against another state that was a tributary to China without permission from the Chinese. They requested to confront the Vietnamese delegation to China which was in China at the time, but the Chinese informed them since the incident was years old, they could do nothing about it, and the Emperor sent a letter to the Vietnamese ruler reproaching him for the incident. The Chinese Emperor also ordered the Malaccans to raise soldiers and fight back with violent force if the Vietnamese attacked them again.
After the Portuguese invaded and destroyed the Malacca sultanate at the Capture of Malacca (1511), it established the Portuguese Malacca colony. The Chinese reacted with extreme anger at the Portuguese invasion of its ally.
The Chinese refused to accept a Portuguese embassy after the attack.
The Chinese Imperial Government imprisoned and executed multiple Portuguese envoys after torturing them in Guangzhou. The Malaccans had informed the Chinese of the Portuguese seizure of Malacca, to which the Chinese responded with hostility toward the Portuguese. The Malaccans told the Chinese of the deception the Portuguese used, disguising plans for conquering territory as mere trading activities, and told of all the atrocities committed by the Portuguese. Malacca was under Chinese protection and the Portuguese invasion angered the Chinese. 
Due to the Malaccan Sultan lodging a complaint against the Portuguese invasion to the Chinese Emperor, the Portuguese were greeted with hostility from the Chinese when they arrived in China. The Sultan's complaint caused "a great deal of trouble" to Portuguese in China. The Chinese were very "unwelcoming" to the Portuguese. The Malaccan Sultan, based in Bintan after fleeing Malacca, sent a message to the Chinese, which combined with Portuguese banditry and violent activity in China, led the Chinese authorities to execute 23 Portuguese and torture the rest of them in jails. After the Portuguese set up posts for trading in China and committed piratical activities and raids in China, the Chinese responded with the complete extermination of the Portuguese in Ningbo and Quanzhou Pires, a Portuguese trade envoy, was among those who died in the Chinese dungeons. The rest of the embassy were imprisoned for life 
The Chinese defeated a Portuguese fleet in 1521 at the First Battle of Tamao (1521), killing and capturing so many Portuguese that the Portuguese had to abandon their junks and retreat with only three ships, only escaping back to Malacca because a wind scattered the Chinese ships as the Chinese launched a final attack. 
The Chinese effectively held the Portuguese embassy hostage, using them as a bargaining chip in demanding that the Portuguese restore the deposed Malaccan Sultan (King) to his throne. 
The Chinese proceeded to executed several Portuguese by beating and strangling them, and torturing the rest. The other Portuguese prisoners were put into iron chains and kept in prison. The Chinese confisticated all of the Portuguese property and goods in the Pires embassy's possession. 
In 1522 Martim Afonso de Merlo Coutinho was appointed commander of another Portuguese fleet sent to establish diplomatic relations. The Chinese defeated the Portuguese ships lead by Coutinho at the Second Battle of Tamao (1522). A large amount of Portuguese were captured and ships destroyed during the battle. The Portuguese were forced to retreat to Malacca. 
The Chinese forced Pires to write letters for them, demanding that the Portuguese restore the deposed Malaccan Sultahn (King) back onto his throne. The Malay ambassador to China was to deliver the letter. 
The Chinese had sent a message to the deposed Sultan (King) of Malacca concerning the fate of the Portuguese embassy, which the Chinese held prisoner. When they received his reply, the Chinese officials then proceeded to executed the Portuguese embassy, slicing their bodies into multiple pieces. Their genitalia were inserted into the oral cavity. The Portuguese were executed in public in multiple areas in Guangzhou, deliberately by the Chinese in order to show that the Portuguese were insignificant in the eyes of the Chinese. When more Portuguese ships landed and were seized by the Chinese, the Chinese then executed them as well, cutting off the genitalia and beheading the bodies and forcing their fellow Portuguese to wear the body parts, while the Chinese celebrated with music. The genitalia and heads were displayed strung up for display in public, after which they were discarded. 
In response to Portuguese piracy and establishing bases in Fujian at Wuyu island and Yue harbor at Zhangzhou, Shuangyu island in Wenzhou, and Nan'ao island in Guangdong, the Imperial Chinese Right Deputy Commander Zhu Wang exterminated all the pirates and razedthe Shuangyu Portuguese base, using force to prohibit trading with foreigners by sea. 
Chinese traders boycotted Malacca after it fell under Portuguese control, some Chinese in Java assisted in Muslim attempts to reconquer the city from Portugal using ships. The Java Chinese participation in retaking Malacca was recorded in "The Malay Annals of Semarang and Cerbon" trading the Chinese did business with Malays and Javanese instead of the Portuguese.
Kunlun or Malay sailor were known in China by the third century BC, and there are evidence that they have started to settle along East African coast by the first century CE. By the time of Roman empire, there are permanent community of Malayo-Polynesian speaking people on the cost of Malagasy, where they remain to this day.
Chinese record from fifth and sixth centuries AD note that products were shipped in "kunlun" vessels, apparently referring to maritime Southeast Asia vessels. By seventh century, the term "kunlun" refer specifically to coastal people of the Malay region. By ninth century, in "Yiqiejing yingyi" (815), Hui-Lin note that "kunlun bo" (Malay ship) were arriving regularly at Gulf of Tonkin and along south eastern Chinese cost.
Peranakan Chinese.
In old times the first group of Chinese people in Malaysia used to be held in high regard by Malays. Some old Malays in the past may have taken the word "Baba", referring to Chinese males, and put it into their name, when this used to be the case. This is not followed by the younger generation of Malays, and the current Chinese Malaysians do not have the same status or respect as the previous ones.
Modern times.
Diplomatic relations were established in 1974.
Following the end of the Cold War, diplomatic foreign relations between China and Malaysia immediately and positively changed. That being said, political and cultural connections between the two nations began to strengthen. Both countries are full members of APEC, and there is a sizeable population of Chinese in Malaysia.
Diplomatic ties.
Malaysia and China officials meet together at the Strategic Consultation meetings which is held alternately between Malaysia and China every year. The Strategic Consultation meetings began as bilateral consultations in 1991. The consultation meetings were made to share and exchange views on various bilateral, regional and issues of mutual interest and also to follow up on matters discussed by the leaders of both countries. The bilateral consultations was later renamed as strategic consultation in 2010 to reflect the growing importance of Malaysia-China relations within the political-security framework of the Asia-Pacific region. The first one was held in Putrajaya in 2011 while the second was held in Beijing in 2012.
Bilateral exchange activities that have been done by Malaysia and China as of 2012 are the establishment of China-Malaysia Qinzhou Industrial Park and Malaysia-China Kuantan Industrial Park in (the latter officially opened on 5 February 2013), and the speedy approval by China to loan a pair giant pandas for Malaysia. Both countries also exchange views on current developments happening in the South East Asia. Both countries are adhered to the letter Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the SEA (South East Asia) which continues the peace and stability that benefits China and the South East Asia region.
On 28 August 2012, Malaysia and China officials at the 2nd Strategic Consultation between Malaysia and China in Beijing agreed to make 2014 as “Malaysia-China Friendship Year” to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations. The Malaysian delegation led by the Malaysia's Foreign Ministry's secretary-general Tan Sri Mohd Radzi Abdul Rahman and China's Vice-Foreign Minister Fu Ying also agreed that appropriate activities would be organised to celebrate the occasion.
Economic trade.
Malaysia has been China's top trading partner within ASEAN for five years in a row since 2008. Minister in the Prime Minister's Department Koh Tsu Koon said the total trade between Malaysia and China for the first six months of 2012 was at US$88 million, while the total trade for 2011 was at US$90 million. China's transformation into a major economic power in the 21st century has led to an increase of foreign investments in the bamboo network, a network of overseas Chinese businesses operating in the markets of Southeast Asia that share common family and cultural ties.
Tourism.
Malaysian Tourism Minister Ng Yen Yen says there are 1.25 million tourist from China coming to Malaysia in 2011. The ministry expects the target of 1.5 million tourists in 2012 and two million for the Visit Malaysia Year 2013/2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19420849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420849" title="PLFA">
PLFA

PLFA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420859" title="WOBX">
WOBX

WOBX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19420863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420863" title="Caramut, Victoria">
Caramut, Victoria

Caramut is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia on the Hamilton Highway. It is in the Shire of Moyne local government area and the federal Division of Wannon. At the 2006 census, Caramut and the surrounding area had a population of 392.
History.
The Post Office opened on 1 March 1848 as Muston's Creek and was renamed Caramut in 1854.
Community.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Mininera & District Football League.
Golfers play at the Caramut Golf Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19420881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420881" title="Wasilla, Alaska">
Wasilla, Alaska

Wasilla is a city in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, United States and the sixth-largest city in Alaska. It is located on the northern point of Cook Inlet in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of the southcentral part of the state. The city's population was 7,831 at the 2010 census. Wasilla is the largest city in the borough and a part of the Anchorage metropolitan area, which had an estimated population of 364,701 in 2008.
Established at the intersection of the Alaska Railroad and Old Carle Wagon Road, the city prospered at the expense of the nearby mining town of Knik. Historically entrepreneurial, the economic base shifted in the 1970s from small-scale agriculture and recreation to support for workers employed in Anchorage or on Alaska's North Slope oilfields and related infrastructure. The George Parks Highway turned the town into a commuter suburb of Anchorage. Several state and federal agencies have offices in Wasilla, including the Alaska Departments of Environmental Conservation, Labor and Divisions of Public Assistance, Social Services.
Wasilla gained international attention when Sarah Palin, who served as Wasilla's mayor before her election as Governor of Alaska, was chosen by John McCain as his vice-presidential running mate in the 2008 United States presidential election.
Wasilla is named after Chief Wasilla, a local Dena'ina chief. "Wasilla" is the anglicized spelling of the chief's Russian-given name, Васи́лий "Vasilij", which corresponds to the English name Basil.
History.
Glacial ice sheets covered most of the northern hemisphere during the last glacial period, between 26,500 and 19,000–20,000 years ago, until they disappeared between 10,000 and about 7,000 years ago. Early humans moved through the area and left evidence of their passage. The Matanuska-Susitna valley was eventually settled by the Dena'ina Alaska natives who utilized the fertile lands and fishing opportunities of Cook Inlet. The Dena'ina are one of the eleven sub-groups comprising the indigenous Athabaskan Indian groups extending down Canada's western coast. The area around downtown Wasilla was known to the denaina as "Benteh", which translates as "among the lakes". Russians occupied Alaska from 1741, including strategic trading posts in Lower Cook Inlet, until Alaska's sale to the United States in 1867. Near the mouth of the Matanuska River, the town of Knik was settled about 1880. In 1900, the Willow Creek Mining District was established to the north and Knik thrived as a mining settlement.
In 1917, the U.S. government planned the Alaska Railroad to intersect the Carle Wagon Road (present Wasilla-Fishhook Road) which connected Knik and the mines. Knik businesses and residents rushed to purchase plattes and the town declined. Wasilla Station was named for the nearby Wasilla Creek. Local miners used the name "Wassila Creek", referring to Wassila, a chief of the Dena'ina. There are two sources cited for the name, one being derived from a Dena'ina word meaning "breath of air" while another stating Dena'ina derived it from the Russian name "Vasili." As Knik declined into a ghost town, Wasilla served early fur trappers and miners working the gold fields at Cache Creek and Willow Creek. More than 200 farm families from the Upper Midwest were moved into the Matanuska and Susitna valleys in 1935 as part of a U.S. government program to start a new farming community to counteract this trend; their linguistic influence is still audible in the region.
The area was a supply base for gold mines near Hatcher Pass through World War II. Until construction of the George Parks Highway around 1970, nearby Palmer was the leading city in the Matanuska Valley. Wasilla was at the end of the Palmer-Wasilla highway and the road to Big Lake provided access to land west of Wasilla. The Parks Highway put Wasilla at mile 40–42 of what became the major highway and railroad transportation corridor linking Southcentral Alaska to Interior Alaska. As a result, population growth and community development shifted from the area around Palmer to Wasilla and the surrounding area. Wasilla was incorporated as a city in 1974. All non-borough municipalities throughout Alaska are designated cities.
In 1994, a statewide ballot initiative to move the capital of Alaska to Wasilla was defeated by a vote of about 116,000 to 96,000. About that time, the Matanuska Valley began to recover from an economic collapse, beginning a sustained boom that involved dramatic population growth, increased local employment, and a boom in residential and commercial real estate development. The local real estate market slowed in 2006. In 2008, suburban growth and dwindling snow forced organizers of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race to bypass Wasilla permanently. The race had its start in Wasilla from 1973 to 2002, the year when reduced snow cover forced a "temporary" change to Willow.
Geography.
Wasilla is located at (61.581732, −149.452539).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has an area of 12.4 square miles (32.2 km²). 11.7 square miles (30.4 km²) of it is land and 0.7 square miles (1.8 km²) of it (5.64%) is water.
The Dena'ina (Tanaina) Native Americans called the area Benteh, meaning 'among the lakes'.
Located near Wasilla Lake and Lake Lucille, Wasilla is one of two cities in the Matanuska Valley. The community surrounds Mi. 39–46 of the George Parks Highway, roughly 43 highway miles (69.2 km) northeast of Anchorage. Nearly one third of the people of Wasilla drive the 40-minute commute to work in Anchorage every day. Six miles to the southeast is Mount POW/MIA.
Climate.
Wasilla has a climate similar to that of Anchorage, but with slightly warmer daytime maxima due to its inland location. On average, over the course of the entire year, there are 30–31 days of sub- lows, 37–38 days of + highs, and 1.4 days of + highs. The average annual precipitation is , with of snowfall.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,469 people (up from 4,028 in 1990), 1,979 households, and 1,361 families residing in the city. The population density was 466.8 people per square mile (180.2/km²). There were 2,119 housing units at an average density of 180.9 per square mile (69.8/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 85.5% White, 0.6% Black or African American, 5.3% Native American, 1.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.3% from other races, and 5.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the population.
There were 1,979 households out of which 43.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.2% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.2% were non-families. 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76 and the average family size was 3.27.
In the city the age distribution of the population shows 33.6% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 6.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30. For every 100 females there were 99.5 males; for every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.0 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $48,226, and the median income for a family was $53,792. Males had a median income of $41,332 versus $29,119 for females. The per capita income for the city was $21,127. About 5.7% of families and 9.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.6% of those under the age of 18 and 9.7% of those 65 and older.
Economy.
Wasilla began as a transportation logistics and trade center serving natural resource extraction (mining, trapping & timber) followed by small-scale agricultural activity circa 1935; around 1975, construction of the Parks Highway substantially reduced travel time to Anchorage (approximately 43 miles away), encouraging the transition to a satellite bedroom community where workers commute to Anchorage for employment. Local service employment has increased in recent years.
About 35 percent of the Wasilla workforce commutes to Anchorage. The local economy is diverse, and residents are employed in a variety of city, borough, state, federal, retail and professional service positions. Tourism, agriculture, wood products, steel, and concrete products are part of the economy. One hundred and twenty area residents hold commercial fishing permits; commercial fishermen work seasonally in Lower Cook Inlet and distant Bristol Bay or the Gulf of Alaska & Prince William Sound (there are no commercial fisheries in Upper Cook Inlet).
Recreation.
The Museum of Alaska Transportation and Industry in Wasilla was established in 1967, "to give a home to the transportation and industrial remnants and to tell the stories of the people and the machines that opened Alaska to exploration and growth."
In 2010, the Menard Center lost a tenant when the Arctic Predators did not play as a member of the Indoor Football League.
Government.
The Wasilla City Council is the city's legislature; it enacts laws and policy statements, sets the property tax rate, and approves the budget and funds for city services. It has six members, elected at-large by Wasilla residents for three year terms. The mayor is elected separately. A run-off election will be held if no candidate for Mayor receives more than 40% of the votes cast. Run-off elections are not held for city council seats. All positions are part-time.
The following is a list of mayors of Wasilla.
Education and health.
Wasilla is served by the Matanuska-Susitna Borough School District. It has five high schools:
There are also career training and technical colleges in Wasilla:
In January 2006 a new hospital, Mat-Su Regional Medical Center, opened. It is outside the city limits halfway between Wasilla and its twin town of Palmer.
Transportation.
The George Parks Highway in conjunction with the Glenn Highway connects Wasilla to Anchorage and communities on the Kenai Peninsula, the Parks also links the Matanuska Valley to northward to the rest of the state and Canada. The Alaska Railroad serves Wasilla.
The city-owned Wasilla Airport, with a paved 3,700 foot (1,130 m) runway, provides air taxi services. Wasilla also has eight public-use seaplane bases located on area lakes. Private-use air facilities registered with the FAA include 43 land-based airstrips, eight additional seaplane bases, two heliports and one STOLport.

</doc>
<doc id="19420896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420896" title="Mynyddog Mwynfawr">
Mynyddog Mwynfawr

Mynyddog Mwynfawr (variant orthographies include: Old Welsh "Mynydawc Mwynvawr"; Middle Welsh; "Mynyddawg Mwynfawr") was, according to Welsh tradition founded on the early Welsh language poem "Y Gododdin" (attributed to Aneirin) a Brythonic ruler of the kingdom of Gododdin in the Hen Ogledd (southern Scotland). 
The traditional reading of "Y Gododdin", accepted by most scholars, is that Mynyddog is king of Gododdin, perhaps with his court at Din Eidyn, modern Edinburgh. He appears as the sponsor of the renowned warband that fought at the battle of Catraeth in the early Welsh poem. 
The name Mynyddog Mwynfawr, if translated as a personal name, means Mynyddog the Wealthy. The name "Mynyddog" is the adjectival form of "mynydd" "mountain" (i.e. "mountainous"). John T. Koch considers Mynyddog Mwynfawr to be a place (meaning approximately "Wealthy Mountain"). Koch argues that Mynyddog Mwynfawr is a kenning or personification which represents Din Eidyn, Gododdin, or perhaps the entire Old North, and that Gwlyget, described as Mynyddog's steward, is the ruler of Gododdin.
The popular Welsh poet Richard Davies (1833–1877) adopted the name "Mynyddog" as his pen name. Use of an adopted Welsh-language pen name was common among Welsh poets of his era.

</doc>
<doc id="19420928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420928" title="Burragubba">
Burragubba

Adrian Burragubba (aka "Burragubba McAvoy") is an Aboriginal Australian musician skilled in didgeridoo particularly known from his many years busking in Brisbane's Queens Street Mall and for having stood for Queensland parliament in 2004 seeking full reimbursement of past Aboriginal wages 'stolen' by the Queensland Government. He most recently made the news when he was the victim of an apparently racially motivated attack while performing.
Musical career.
His musical performances combine traditional Aboriginal dress and body painting with instruments including an unkeyed didgeridoo and clapsticks. Renowned for his busking, Adrian has been a notable figure in Brisbane's Queen Street Mall for the past 18 years and for 5 years in Cavill Ave, Surfers Paradise. 
He has performed at venues for the Brisbane Lord Mayor's office, the Queensland Premier's Department, and at other events requiring a "traditional" Aboriginal presence.
He has released two musical compilations, "Didj In Us" (2001) and "Didj a Tale" (2007), as well as a "Beginners Guide to Playing Didjeridoo" (2008).
His musical career is supported by speeches and school performances explaining Aboriginal Australian culture and history. International performances include appearances promoting Aboriginal Australian culture in the United States, Europe and Asia.
Political activism.
Burragubba is an activist for the reimbursement of Aboriginal Australians for unpaid work performed for governments in the early days of white settlement in Australia. In 2004 he stood for the Queensland parliament against Premier Peter Beattie, arguing that the Government's offer of $4,000 reimbursement for each worker was insulting to his people. He attracted 310 primary votes. 
A hunger strike was threatened to highlight the need for Aboriginal culture to be recognised in Brisbane.
Personal life.
Burragubba is from the Wangan people of the Wiri language group of Central Queensland. He is principal of the Didgeridoo School and cultural advisor for Musgrave Park Cultural Centre Inc.
He was born in Brisbane and is recognised by the traditional owners as having historical connection.

</doc>
<doc id="19420955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420955" title="Bugambilia">
Bugambilia

Bugambilia ("Bougainvillea") is a Mexican movie of 1945 directed by Emilio Fernández and starring Dolores del Río and Pedro Armendáriz.
Plot.
In the Mexican city of Guanajuato, in the 1800s, the young and beautiful Amalia de los Robles (Dolores del Río) there wakes up the passion of all the men of the region, what provokes the fury of his widower father, Don Fernando (Julio Villarreal) that feels for his own daughter a kind of obsession, since he sees in she the face of his dead wife. But Amalia falls in love with the smart Ricardo (Pedro Armendáriz), but the circumstances prevent them from being united.
Curiosities.
The plot of the movie was inspired by the Rodolfo Usigli's poem "The Bugambilia", that the writer dedicated to Dolores del Rio. The movie was considered the Mexican version of the American film "Wuthering Heights" (directed by William Wyler). The film paused the important collaboration of Dolores del Río with Emilio Fernández that had lasted 3 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19420987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19420987" title="Man I Used to Be">
Man I Used to Be

"Man I Used to Be" is a 2005 top 20 hit single in Canada by Canadian alternative rapper k-os. 
Music video.
The video begins with breakdancers in the hallway of an apartment building and k-os is in his room packing to leave, taking a box of seemingly great importance. k-os takes a taxi and two men fight a duel by dancing on the sidewalk. A bag man, pushing a cart with a neon light, sings the lyrics and k-os riding in the taxi, disappears by opening his box, which teleports him to the cockpit of a spacecraft in space. Footage of Maasai are seen on k-os's screen and the spacecraft enters warp drive.
Chart performance.
The song peaked at #12 on the Canadian Billboard Hot 100, making it K-os's highest reaching single. The single also reached #1 on the Muchmusic Countdown in 2005. The song tells the story of a man who has gone through rough times and wishes to be back the way he was originally. According to the "Joyful Rebellion" liner notes, the song is indeed about Michael Jackson in particular, as well as K-os himself (and people in general).
In 2014, the track appeared on the French SNEP Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19421010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421010" title="Charles E. Moore">
Charles E. Moore

Charles E. Moore (1894–1953) was an American industrialist who is best known for his contribution to the maritime shipbuilding industry during World War II.
Early life and career.
Charles E. Moore II, was born in San Bernardino, California, to a Canadian immigrant who established the jewellery firm of Moore & Lewis. At the age of fourteen Moore entered the workforce with only an eighth grade education.
He went to work for the Santa Fe Railroad as a machinist. At age 18, he became a “boomer”, the machinist’s name for a drifter. He travelled all over the U.S. and Mexico until the age of 21, at which time he set his sights on working at a machine tool company. As legend has it, Moore’s ambitions were thwarted by the owner who told him that he didn’t have the education to succeed. “I was horribly insulted” he later said, “but then I calmed down and realized that he was right.” So Moore immediately enrolled in high school as a 6-foot-6-inch, 285-lb freshman and finished four years' work in one. He later served as a lieutenant in the Coastal Artillery during World War I.
After the war, Moore again applied to work at the machine tool company. Years later, after working his way up the ranks, Moore bought the company outright in 1927, renaming it: “The Moore Machinery Company”.
World War II.
Moore ascribed to “a fundamental policy of never selling a machine that we wouldn’t take back if the customer didn’t like it”. It was this policy that eventually led to Moore's purchase of the Joshua Hendy Iron Works in Sunnyvale, California. He paid a visit to the owners in an attempt to quiet their complaint. He then saw the vast untapped potential of Hendy. He and his partners, The Six Companies, purchased Hendy for $500,000 in November 1940. Each of these engines weighed 137 tons and stood 24 feet high. Moore became known as "America's No. 1 'Can Do' Man".
In mid 1942, the Crocker-Wheeler Electrical Manufacturing Company in New Jersey was also acquired for $3,200,000 to become part of the Hendy team. After the war, Moore sold his interest in Hendy to his partners, The Six Companies.
Moore traveled widely as a technical advisor to The Federal Government of the United States as an expert on heavy machinery. In 1941 he went to Europe for the US office of Production Management, Harriman Commission, to advise tool manufacturing plants in The United Kingdom. Following the war he was an industry consultant in Greece for the State department. He went to Italy in 1947–49 as a Marshall Plan consultant.
Boy Scouts of America.
Moore also became involved in the Boy Scouts of America (Santa Clara Council), as VP and chairman of the Boy Scout Memorial Foundation Board. In 1954 a building in Santa Clara was dedicated as "The Charles E Moore Memorial Boy Scout Building" at the corner of Park & Newhall.
Moore died suddenly in 1953 at the age of 59 of a massive heart attack while horseback riding. He is buried in San Jose's Oak Hill Memorial Cemetery.
References.
Books
Journals
Websites

</doc>
<doc id="19421068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421068" title="The Flame (Steve Lacy album)">
The Flame (Steve Lacy album)

The Flame is the first album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Soul Note label (following two releases on the related Black Saint Label). It features four of Lacy's compositions and one by Bobby Few performed by Lacy, Bobby Few and Dennis Charles.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "This adventurous music, with only a quartet falls along the lines of other brilliant efforts by the leader. On four Lacy originals and one by Few, the musicians tackle circular thematic group improvisations that are never aimless. By exploiting impressive technique and (just as importantly) open ears, the players constantly respond to each other and come up with fresh ideas. An intriguing set, worth the search."

</doc>
<doc id="19421124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421124" title="Daniel Moore">
Daniel Moore

Daniel Moore or Dan Moore may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19421128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421128" title="Malaysia–South Korea relations">
Malaysia–South Korea relations

Malaysia–South Korea relations (Korean:말레이시아 - 한국 관계 ; Malay: "Hubungan Malaysia–Korea Selatan") refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries Malaysia and South Korea. Malaysia has an embassy in Seoul, and South Korea has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur. The two countries established relations in 1960.
Movement of people.
The number of South Korean expatriates in Malaysia nearly tripled between 2005 and 2007, reaching 14,934 individuals, and is expected to continue to grow rapidly. Furthermore, around 200,000 South Korean tourists came to Malaysia in 2006; Kota Kinabalu was their most popular destination.
Malaysians in South Korea form a much smaller community. The Malaysian ambassador to South Korea, M. Santhananaban, estimated in 2005 that there were 400 Malaysian international students in the country. Their presence in South Korea is an outgrowth of Mahathir Mohamad's "Look East" policy, which encouraged Malaysians to learn from and emulate the attitudes and work ethic of Japan and South Korea. In 2008, the South Korean government gave out scholarships totalling RM8 million to forty-one Malaysian students to support their pursuit of masters degrees, doctoral degrees, or other post-graduate research in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19421136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421136" title="García Ordóñez">
García Ordóñez

García Ordóñez (died 29 May 1108), called de Nájera or de Cabra and in the epic literature Crispus or el Crespo de Grañón, was a Castilian magnate who ruled the Rioja from Nájera from 1080 until his death. He is famous in literature as the rival of Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar, the Cid, whose high position at court he took over after the Cid's exile in 1080. He was one of the most important military leaders and territorial governors under Alfonso VI, and was entrusted with military tutorship of the king's heir, Sancho Alfónsez, with whom he died on the field of battle at Uclés.
Family and marriages.
García was the son of a count Ordoño Ordóñez whose identity is disputed. An Ordoño Ordóñez, grandson of kings Ramiro III and Bermudo II of León, has been suggested as being this count, but his geographical base was in León, whereas García's was in Castile. Further, there is debate as to whether this Leonese Ordoño Ordóñez even existed. More recently it has been suggested that the Castilian count Ordoño Ordóñez, García's father, was son of count Ordoño Fafílaz of the Banu Gómez clan. This Ordoño Ordóñez can be show from surviving documents to have served as "alférez" to Ferdinand I of León and Castile between 19 April 1042 and 1 July 1047. García's mother was named Enderquina, but her origins are unknown. He was also related, somehow, to Álvaro Díaz de Oca. 
Sometime before 1081 García married the "infanta" Urraca Garcés, a daughter of García Sánchez III of Navarre and sister of Sancho Garcés IV. The earliest reference to the marriage dates from 18 April that year, when the couple witnessed a donation of her brother Ramiro Garcés. Urraca gave García three children, two daughters (Elvira and Mayor) and a son Fernando, speculated to be identical to Fernando García de Hita, progenitor of the House of Castro. A charter issued by Mayor in 1145 traces her royal ancestry. 
Sometime after the death of his first wife (after 1095), García married again, this time to a certain Eva, long identified with Eva Pérez, daughter of Pedro Fróilaz de Traba. More probably she was from southern France, being the daughter of Almanricus, viscount of Rochechouart and one of those French barons who had answered Alfonso VI's international call for aid against the Almoravids following the Battle of Sagrajas (1086). Eva had one son by García: García Garcés de Aza, ancestor of the House of Aza, whose christening took place in 1106 according to the cartulary of the monastery of San Millán de la Cogolla. After García's death, Eva married count Pedro González de Lara. He also had an illegitimate son named Fernando Pellica.
Early career (1062–74).
García's public career began late in the reign of Ferdinand I, when he subscribed a charter of 10 May 1062, now in the cartulary of the monastery of Arlanza. During the reign of Ferdinand's successor in Castile, Sancho II, García was a figure on the rise. He subscribed three of the ten surviving royal charters of Sancho's reign, while his father confirmed five. During this time he was associated with Pancorvo in the northeast of the Bureba, along the Way of Saint James leading from Miranda del Ebro. 
In 1072 Sancho II was assassinated, and his brother Alfonso VI succeeded him. On 8 December Alfonso granted a charter to the monastery of San Pedro de Cardeña in Castile. Among the confirmants is García Ordóñez, who was thus among the first to reconcile himself to the new king. In 1074 García was appointed the king's "alférez" by 20 February, a post he continued in down to 24 June at least. Thereafter he disappears from court records until 1080.
Outside of royal service (1074–80).
There is a false documented dated 1075 by which Alfonso VI purportedly made a grant of privileges to Burgos, which lists García as a confirmant. 
In 1079, García was dispatched to Granada to collect the "parias" owed by that "taifa" to León–Castile. While there he led an army on behalf of Granada against the "taifa" of Seville. Among the other leaders on this campaign were two Navarrese magnates, Fortún Sánchez and Lope Sánchez, who had formerly been leading men in Navarre and in Castile under Sancho II. With this expedition Alfonso VI may have been intending to produce discord between the "taifa" kingdoms, furthering his hegemony in the south of the peninsula. Whatever the case, at the time of the attack, the Cid was leading a Castilian embassy to the court of al-Mutamid, rule of Seville, and he repulsed the Christian and Grenadine attackers at the Battle of Cabra, in the (probably mistaken) belief that he was defending the king's tributary. García and the other Castilian leaders were taken captive and held for three days before being released. Bernard Reilly has read the circumstances as implying that García was then an exile who had taken refuge in the south of the peninsula. 
By 1080 the positions of García and his rival the Cid in the eyes of Alfonso had been reversed. By May (or at least by 6 December 1081) Alfonso had placed the territory of La Rioja in his hands, with his chief seat at Nájera. To that same month is dated the last charter recording the presence of the Cid at Alfonso's court.
Count of Nájera (1080–1108).
Sometime shortly after his return to court, García was raised to the rank of count (), the highest recognised rank in the kingdom before the 13th century and which meant a seat on the royal council beside the granting of fiefs and other lands. The precise date of his promotion is unclear. The earliest dated reference to his carrying this title is the "carta de arras" of the Cid, but it is mis-dated to 10/19 July 1074, whereas it must date from between July 1078 and July 1081. In the charter, redacted weeks after the last known reference to García as "alférez" records Rodrigo González as "alférez", although he is only known to have held that post between January 1078 and June 1081. There is a royal charter dated 1077 that refers to "García, count of Nájera" ("Garsias comes de Nazara"), but he is not known to have received the lordship of Nájera until 1081. The count being referred to is possibly García Jiménez de Oca. Another royal charter dated 8 May 1080 lists nineteen counts, among them García Ordóñez, but the list appears to be anachronistic, as Fernando Díaz, not count until 1091, appears as "Fernandus Didaz commes". Finally, there is a dubious royal charter from 3 December 1080 which was confirmed by one "Count García". The earliest secure reference to García as count is from 18 April 1081, also the first reference to his first wife, Urraca. Historian Ramón Menéndez Pidal argued that García was appointed count of Nájera in 1076, a contention not generally accepted today. 
At the same time as his return to court, García thus received a vast fief comprising the erstwhile southern provinces of Navarre, promition to the highest aristocratic title (that of count) in the realm, and the hand in marriage of a Navarrese princess, presumably through Alfonso's actions, since the Navarrese royal family had fallen under his protection after the assassination of Sancho IV of Navarre in 1076. Also at this time, García's chief rival, the Cid, was forced into exile, and, by July 1081, García's brother, Rodrigo, had been appointed "alférez" to the king. It may be that the Lope Íñiguez who by 1081 had been granted all three of the Basque "señoríos" of Álava, Biscay, and Guipúzcoa was the same person as the Lop Jiménez who co-led the 1079 expedition against Seville. If so, then he is another ally of García Ordóñez who benefited from the latter's rise after his return to Castile. 
In August 1084 García made a donation to the Benedictine monastery of San Adrián de Palma. By 20 November 1085, according to a document in the cartulary of San Millán, García's lordship was extended south to include Calahorra, an episcopal seat. By 1089 it was also included Grañón and by 1092 Madriz. At this time, corresponding to the "alférez"-ship of Pedro González de Lara from 1088 to 1091, García was the most prominent magnate in the kingdom and he frequently attended the royal court, confirming eleven charters out of a total of eighteen from these years, the most of any count. At about this time, however, Raymond of Burgundy, a newcomer to the kingdom, was married to the king's eldest daughter, Urraca, and he quickly surpassed García in power, although the latter still confirmed fifteen of twenty-seven royal diplomas of the period 1092–99, more than any other magnate. 
In 1096, Peter I of Aragon and Navarre besieged Huesca, a city of the "taifa" of Zaragoza. In the late fall of 1096, the ruler of Zaragoza, al-Mustain II, received assistance from his nominal overlord, Alfonso VI, in the persons of García Ordóñez de Nájera and Gonzalo Núñez de Lara. Alongside the Zaragozans, the Castilian counts led their personal retinues against the besiegers, but were defeated on 18 November in the Battle of Alcoraz. García also took part in the Battle of Consuegra on 15 August 1097. This campaign had begun as planned harassment of Aragon, perhaps a concerted action with Zaragoza to re-take Huesca, but it was diverted by the arrival of an Almoravid army in the south centre of the peninsula. The result was a Castilian–Leonese defeat. García's participation in court politics appears to have continued to decline after this. Of twenty-three royal charters issued between 1100 and 1107, a year before his death, he confirmed eleven, still a sizable portion, but now less than half. 
On 1 February 1095 García and Urraca granted a "fuero" to the town of Fresnillo de las Dueñas. In 1106 García made a donation to San Millán.
Tutorship of Sancho Alfónsez (1108).
According to the "De rebus Hispaniae", Alfonso VI named García tutor for his only son, Sancho Alfónsez. On 29 May 1108, he took part in the Battle of Uclés, where he died defending the life of the young Sancho, who would die in the same battle shortly after. His death is recorded in the "De rebus Hispaniae", the "Chronicon mundi", and the "Chronica naierensis", where the battle is dated to 24 June. The death of seven counts at Uclés led the Christians to refer to the site as "Septem Comitem" (Siete Condes), although García is the only count identified in the "Chronica naierensis", which writes that "Count García of Grañón, called Crispus, and six other counts with him were killed". The "Chronicon mundi" states that "Sancho, the king's son, and Count García Fernández and Count Don Martín and many others died" at Uclés. "García Fernández" is probably an error for Ordóñez, if the thirteenth-century "Chronicon" can be trusted, and Martín is probably Martín Laíñez. The last reference to García as living occurs in a private document of the monastery of Valbanera in the Rioja dated that year. His death left a power vacuum in the Rioja, which for much of the twelfth century fell outside Castilian control.

</doc>
<doc id="19421142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421142" title="Adugak Island">
Adugak Island

Adugak Island (also spelled Adougakh, possibly from ) is a small island in the Fox Islands group in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska. It is about long and is located off the northwest coast of Umnak Island. The island has been protected as a rookery for the endangered steller sea lion, which has been observed during the winter feeding on the fish that inhabit the water nearby. The island reaches an elevation of about above sea level and the area around the island is extremely hazardous to ships because of the numerous rocks that lie just below the surface of the water. 

</doc>
<doc id="19421161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421161" title="David J. Whittaker">
David J. Whittaker

David Jay Whittaker (born 1945) is a Mormon historian and bibliographer. He has authored or co-authored seven books and about fifty scholarly articles. He was the curator of Western and Mormon history manuscripts for the L. Tom Perry Special Collections Library of the Harold B. Lee Library. He was also a professor of history at Brigham Young University (BYU). Currently he is working with the Joseph Smith Papers Project.
Biography.
Whittaker received his bachelors degree from BYU in 1967. Whittaker also received his Ph.D. from BYU. Whittaker was a contributor to the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism". Whittaker has written several articles for publications from the "Ensign" to the "Journal of Mormon History". Among the articles he has written for the "Journal of Mormon History" is "East of Nauvoo: Benjamin Winchester and the Early Mormon Church" (1995). 
Whittaker has also been a Beinecke fellow at Yale University and a Fulbright Fellow in the David and Mary Eccles Center for American Studies at the British Library in London. Whittaker has served as the president of the Mormon History Association. 
He has written or co-authored several books related to Mormon History. "Early Mormon History: A Selected Bibliography, 1771-1847" was published in 1973 by the University of Southern California. "Mormon History" a historiagraphical survey of Mormon history written with James B. Allen and Ronald W. Walker. "Studies in Mormon History", a bibliography of Mormon history which is considered to be the premier collection in this field. He was also a co-author of "Men with a Mission: The Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in the British Isles" (written with James B. Allen and Ron Esplin.) Whittaker co-edited "Supporting Saints" with Donald Q. Cannon. He has also written "Mormon Americana: A Guide to Sources and Collections in the United States". Whittaker has also written "Early Mormon Pamplettering" (published 2003). Whittaker has also published short and highly specialized bibliographies on specific topics in early Mormon History.
Whittaker is married to the former Linda Struhs. They are the parents of four children.
Whittaker and Dean Jessee's 1988 piece in BYU Studies which examines the Danites using Albert P. Rockwood's journal is considered one of the best studies on this matter. 
Whittaker also wrote the foreword to "The Essential Orson Pratt".
Whittaker has lectured widely on the development of early Mormon thought.
Whittaker is coeditor of volumes one and two of the Histories series of the Joseph Smith Papers Project (volume 1 was published in the spring of 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="19421173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421173" title="It's a Great Day">
It's a Great Day

"It's a Great Day" is a 1955 British comedy film directed by John Warrington. A spin-off of the popular soap "The Grove Family", the film stars Ruth Dunning as Gladys Grove, Edward Evans as Bob Grove, and Sid James as Harry Mason. A builder has problems with his local council in getting supplies vital to complete his housing estate. He turns to local criminals to provide the service, which leads to a police investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="19421194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421194" title="David S. Moore">
David S. Moore

David S. Moore is an American statistician, who is known for his leadership of statistics education for many decades.
Biography.
David S. Moore received his A.B. from Princeton University and the Ph.D. from Cornell University in mathematics.
In statistics education, David S. Moore is the author of a series of influential textbooks in statistical science, which use only high school algebra: "Introduction to the Practice of Statistics" (with George McCabe), of "An Introduction to the Basic Practice of Statistics", and of "Statistics: Concepts and Controversies". 
In statistical science, David S. Moore has done research in the asymptotic theory of robust and nonparametric statistics. 
Professor Moore was the 1998 President of the American Statistical Association.
David S. Moore is a retired (in 2004) Shanti S. Gupta Distinguished Professor of Statistics, Emeritus at Purdue University.
Professor Moore has served as the first president of the International Association for Statistical Education. He was the content developer for the Annenberg/Corporation for Public Broadcasting college-level telecourse Against All Odds: Inside Statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="19421215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421215" title="Curtiss PN-1">
Curtiss PN-1

The Curtiss PN-1 was an American single-seat night fighter biplane built by Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company using blueprints from the Engineering Division of the United States Army Air Service.
Development.
Designed by the USAAC, the PN-1 was a welded steel tube fuselage covered by fabric. The wings were wood covered by fabric. One of the two prototypes ordered was built, and underwent static testing at McCook Field. It may have undergone flight testing, but no orders were received.

</doc>
<doc id="19421230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421230" title="Man in Black (film)">
Man in Black (film)

Man in Black is a 1949 British thriller film directed by Francis Searle and starring Betty Ann Davies, Sheila Burrell and Sid James. It was adapted by Hammer Films from the popular British radio series, "Appointment with Fear" featuring Valentine Dyall. Dyall (The "Man in Black" of the radio series) here provides the on screen introduction to the film, as "The Story-Teller".
Plot.
After the death of her yogi father during a freak "yoga accident", Joan Clavering returns home to her widowed and suddenly very wealthy step-mother Bertha. The latter conspires with her daughter Janice to drive Joan insane and deprive her of her rightful inheritance. 

</doc>
<doc id="19421256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421256" title="NGC 5929">
NGC 5929

NGC 5929 is a Seyfert galaxy in the constellation Boötes.
interacting.

</doc>
<doc id="19421263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421263" title="Father's Doing Fine">
Father's Doing Fine

"Father's Doing Fine" is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Henry Cass and starring Richard Attenborough, Heather Thatcher, Noel Purcell and Sid James. It was based on the 1950 play "Little Lambs Eat Ivy" by Noel Langley.

</doc>
<doc id="19421270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421270" title="Private healthcare">
Private healthcare

Private healthcare or private medicine is healthcare and medicine provided by entities other than the government. The term is generally used more in Europe and other countries which have publicly funded health care, to differentiate the arrangement from systems where private healthcare is the norm. 
Ethical issues relating to private healthcare primarily concerns the argument that the seriously ill be entitled to spend money on saving their lives. On the other hand, private healthcare can sometimes be more efficient than public sector provision. Private operators may be more innovative in areas such as telemedicine. Due to the profit motive, they can be more productive. Public healthcare tends to be limited by the amount of tax that individuals are willing to pay.
Some would argue that private healthcare needs to be more carefully regulated to ensure that it achieves standards set by the state, predominantly regarding safety, value, and efficiency.
Forms of private healthcare in Europe.
Charging patients or private insurers for work.
Europeans in all countries are willing to pay a charge for some private healthcare, whether to avoid long queues, to access cosmetic surgery, or to avoid the perceived risk of infection in public-sector hospitals. This is not a small market. In Finland it is estimated that it is worth some €700m a year. In Greece, half the income of private hospitals is from one-off payments from patients. Maternity is a particularly large private market, as it is the demand for fertility both at home and abroad, where more than 18% of medical internet based searches are related to infertility conditions and treatment. Healthcare tourism is also thriving within the EU, in which patients (mainly from the UK) travel to Eastern Europe for low-cost dental work. The particularly wealthy Russians and Saudi Arabians tend to go to private hospitals in Switzerland or Germany.
As most Europeans have access to public sector provision either through their mandatory social insurance fund or through taxes, private healthcare insurance remains a relatively small market, with levels typically in the range of 2%-8% of the population. Many consumers prefer to pay single fees as and when necessary. In addition, any occupational healthcare paid for by employers renders private healthcare insurance unnecessary. Nonetheless, around 10% of Germans have some form of private healthcare insurance which enables them to experience a slightly higher level of comfort during hospital stays. The most notable development in this area has been the Netherlands, which in 2005 moved to a system whereby all citizens are forced to take out private healthcare insurance rather than social insurance. This is being closely monitored by many European countries.
Occupational healthcare.
In many European countries with a state-run national health service, employers are obliged to pay for some level of healthcare for their employees. This is the case in Romania, Poland and Finland, for instance, and one can find networks of small clinics in large cities in these countries. In other countries, such as the UK and Sweden, many employers are willing to pay for occupational healthcare for their workforce so that key workers can avoid delays in seeing a doctor when they are unwell. Naturally though, the occupational health department of a publicly funded hospital will provide a similar standard of healthcare to that provided for patients.

</doc>
<doc id="19421280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421280" title="WRJC">
WRJC

WRJC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19421307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421307" title="Lac de Darbon">
Lac de Darbon

Lac de Darbon is a lake in Haute-Savoie, France. Located at an elevation of 1813 m, its surface area is 2 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="19421318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421318" title="Jungle Lord (pinball)">
Jungle Lord (pinball)

Jungle Lord is a 1981 pinball machine that was produced by Williams Pinball. It featured simple speech, a Tarzan influenced theme, a multi-level playfield and a magnetic ball saver (Magnasave). The Early Production of this game had a red cabinet (~100 made). The later ones had a blue cabinet and the tiger artwork was slightly changed.
Jungle Lord was the second of the four two-level System 7 games that Williams produced. (Black Knight, Jungle Lord, Pharaoh and Solar Fire)

</doc>
<doc id="19421320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421320" title="Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and the Ancient Beech Forests of Germany">
Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and the Ancient Beech Forests of Germany

Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and the Ancient Beech Forests of Germany is a transnational composite nature site. The Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians include ten separate massifs located along the long axis from the Rakhiv mountains and Chornohora ridge in Ukraine over the Poloniny Ridge (Slovakia) to the Vihorlat Mountains in Slovakia. The Ancient Beech Forests of Germany include five locations in various parts of Germany
The Carpathian site covers a total area of , out of which only are part of the actual preserved area, while the rest is considered a "buffer zone". Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians cover areas of Zakarpattia and Presov Regions. Over 70% of the site is located in Ukraine. The area includes two national parks, a biosphere reserve, and a few habitat controlled areas (mostly in Slovakia). Both national parks, along with a neighboring area in Poland, compose a separate biosphere reserve, the East Carpathian Biosphere Reserve.
Besides Havešová, Rožok, and Stužica (all of them located in Bukovské vrchy), there is a fourth component situated in Slovakia, named Kyjovský prales of Vihorlat. 
Ukrainian locations include Chornohora, Kuziy-Trybushany, Maramarosh, Stuzhytsia–Uzhok, Svydovets, and Uholka–Shyrikyi Luh. However, only few of the ten components are accessible to visitors. Stužica is the only one of three locations in Bukovske vrchy (Slovakia) with available hiking trails.
The five German forests cover 4,391 hectares and were added in 2011.
Most of the Slovak components of the World Heritage site are situated in the Poloniny National Park in the easternmost and also the least populated part of the country. The National Park was created on 1 October 1997 with a protected area of 298.05 km² and a buffer zone of 109.73 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19421341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421341" title="Glen Abbey, Ontario">
Glen Abbey, Ontario

Glen Abbey is a residential community in the town of Oakville, Ontario, Canada. It is bounded by Upper Middle Road to the north, Dorval Drive to the east, the Queen Elizabeth Way to the south and Bronte Road to the west.
The population of Glen Abbey is approximately 20,500 people making it the second largest community in Oakville behind Bronte. Construction of the first residential units began in 1981 and peaked in 1990. Glen Abbey is one of approximately 12 communities in Oakville.
Golf.
Glen Abbey is famous for the Glen Abbey Golf Course, a world-renowned course designed by Jack Nicklaus. It has been the home of the Canadian Open several times, most recently in 2008 and 2009. Notable winners of the Open at Glen Abbey include: Tiger Woods, Vijay Singh, Greg Norman and Lee Trevino. The course has also been included in the Tiger Woods video games series Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08.
Education.
The Glen Abbey community has seven schools. Public schools are part of the Halton District School Board and the separate schools are part of the Halton Catholic District School Board. Each school has its own boundary zones throughout Glen Abbey and Oakville. Since Abbey Park High School was built in 2004, a strong, athletic rivalry between the Eagles and the Loyola Hawks has been prevalent; especially in hockey, football and basketball.
Parks & Recreation.
Glen Abbey has a newly renovated community centre located in the heart of the community at the intersection of Third Line and Glen Abbey Gate. The facility features two hockey rinks, a gymnasium, a swimming pool, squash courts and a fitness gym. The building also has several community rooms and an Oakville Public Library branch. Outside there is also a basketball court, baseball and softball diamonds and soccer field. The Oakville Gymnastics Club also has a world class facility at the community centre.
The community is filled with many woodlands and ravines that are filled with walking and biking trails. The Sixteen Mile Creek also travels alongside the golf course. There are several parks spread out across the community that include tennis courts, basketball courts, soccer fields, baseball diamonds, playgrounds and splash pads.
Housing.
Housing in the community ranges from single family detached residences to medium and high density attached and apartment housing forms. The majority is low density housing. Glen Abbey also has a Delmanor Seniors Community. In 2013 the average cost of a fully detached home was $797,000. Detached homes range from $500,000 to $1,500,000. Town homes range from $300,000 to $1,000,000. Homes backing onto ravines generally sell for $900,000+. The most expensive homes are located in the prestigious Fairway Hills community, selling between $900,000 and $3,000,000.
Shopping.
Glen Abbey has two major plazas for grocery shopping and big box retail. The largest is the recently renamed "Dorval Crossing" (formerly the "Town Centres") which includes Toys R Us, Sport Chek, National Sports, Bed Bath and Beyond, Dollerama, Chapters and others. The second plaza is the "Abbey Plaza".
Churches.
Glen Abbey has two churches.

</doc>
<doc id="19421362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421362" title="Robert Trent Jones Golf Club">
Robert Trent Jones Golf Club

Robert Trent Jones Golf Club (RTJ) is a private golf club located in Gainesville, Virginia, a suburb southwest of Washington D.C.
RTJ is a par 72 course that plays between .
Founding and premises.
RTJ was founded by the legendary golf course designer Robert Trent Jones "while conducting an aerial site survey for another project," and it was designed by him, too. This course, located about from downtown Washington D.C., is on Lake Manassas an body of water. Mr. Jones is to have said "the terrain is aesthetically perfect...I don't think we could have done anything better anywhere," and he has created legendary courses Spyglass Hill, Firestone Country Club, Bellerive Country Club, and Congressional Country Club. He actually bought this land in the hopes of attracting a world-class membership because there was a need to create a world renowned golf course in the area. He called this course "my masterpiece," and it opened for play in April 1991. RTJ has a clubhouse that is a "65,000 square foot Georgian-style mansion, with its red brick exterior and stately white columns and portico serves as the clubhouse," and the club does not allow for residential development, but does allow members of the club to construct cottages. For all the water around the golf course the only hole that a player has to fly the ball over open water on the lake is the par-three eleventh hole.
History (golf).
This golf course has been bestowed the honor of hosting the Presidents Cup in 1994, 1996, 2000, and 2005. The United States defeated the Internationals on all four occasions.
1994 Presidents Cup.
The United States Team defeated the International Team by a score of 20 to 12. This was the inaugural playing of this competition.
1996 Presidents Cup.
The United States Team defeated the International Team by a score of 16½ to 15½. This was the second playing of the competition.
2000 Presidents Cup.
The United States Team defeated the International Team by a score of 21½ to 10½. This was the fourth playing of the competition.
2005 Presidents Cup.
The United States Team defeated the International Team by a score of 18½ to 15½. This was the sixth playing of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19421387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421387" title="Graphics Execution Manager">
Graphics Execution Manager

The Graphics Execution Manager (GEM) is a computer software system developed by Intel to do memory management for device drivers for graphics chipsets. GEM is part of the Direct Rendering Manager .
GEM manages graphics memory (which means dealing with Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA) on modern graphics chipsets) and controls the execution context for graphics-related code. They allow multiple applications to share graphics device resources without the need to store and restore the entire graphics card state between changes. GEM ensures conflict-free sharing of data between applications by managing the memory synchronization. It uses many existing kernel subsystems for its operations and hence has a very modest code size.
GEM is included in the Linux kernel from version 2.6.28 for use by drivers for Intel graphics hardware.
Drivers for ATI Radeon and VIA S3 chipsets now use a "GEM-ified TTM manager", which provides the same interface as GEM but uses TTM internally.
GEM is also designed to be compatible with "*BSD" kernels.
GEM's API is documented in the original announcement of GEM.
History.
GEM was developed by Intel, starting in May 2008, as a minimalist, easy-to-use alternative to the Translation Table Maps memory manager developed by Tungsten Graphics.
However, GEM caused problems for non-Intel developers and collided with current X.Org Server development (notably DRI2 and new EXA acceleration architecture), leading some developers to use a "GEM-ified TTM manager".
DRI2 introduced a technique called Global GEM Handlers, this has some serious security implications and is going to be replaced in the successor to DRI2 with a passing of DMA-BUF file descriptors that point to GEM objects instead.

</doc>
<doc id="19421410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421410" title="Milne Inlet">
Milne Inlet

Milne Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region.
It flows in a southerly direction from Navy Board Inlet at the confluence of Eclipse Sound. Ragged Island is located at the inlet's opening, while Stephens Island is located further within. Baffinland had proposed in 2008 to build a harbour here, but Steensby Inlet was favoured in 2011 because of its more southerly location.

</doc>
<doc id="19421423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421423" title="Only Monk">
Only Monk

Only Monk is the third album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Soul Note label (following two releases on the related Black Saint label). It features solo performances of nine tunes written by Thelonious Monk by Lacy. It is the second solo album composed totally of Monk's compositions recorded by Lacy following "Eronel" (1979) and follows a tradition established on Lacy's second album "Reflections" (1958) and "Epistrophy" (1969).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating "Steve Lacy has long been one of the foremost interpreters of pianist Thelonious Monk's music. This set is a solo soprano saxophone recital in which Lacy digs into nine of Monk's compositions. Most of the interpretations are quite concise, with all but the seven-minute "Work" clocking in at under six minutes. As usual, Lacy shows great respect for the melodies, and his improvisations are built off of the themes rather than just the chord changes. The sparse setting allows the soprano master to utilize space effectively and to take his time. The overall results, which are certainly for selective tastes, are often fascinating.".

</doc>
<doc id="19421426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421426" title="NGC 5753">
NGC 5753

NGC 5753 is a galaxy in pair of galaxies in the constellation Boötes, member of Arp 297 interacting galaxies group of four: NGC 5752, NGC 5753, NGC 5754, NGC 5755. 

</doc>
<doc id="19421431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421431" title="Western Park, Warragul">
Western Park, Warragul

Western Park is a recreation reserve on the western side of the West Gippsland town of Warragul, Victoria. 
It is the major sporting events venue in the Baw Baw Shire, followed by Eastern Park and is used by many sporting groups throughout the year. 
The Venue has a floodlit football oval, Netball Courts, Tennis Courts, BMX Track, Turf Wicket and a section of the 7 km Walking Track that connects Drouin and Warragul runs through the reserve. The ground was originally named the "James Burke Reserve" but was later name Western Park after a vote by tenants.
Western Park was recently included in the Baw Baw Shire's 'Warragul Outdoor Recreational Plan' which involves upgrades of the facilities and sporting arenas.
An electronic scoreboard was installed in May 2011, allowing both football and cricket clubs to display a range of information, statistics and advertising to spectators.
A new BMX track at Western Park was opened in October 2011. The new track was designed with the advice of former junior BMX World Champion Ashley McCutcheon.
Four new lighting towers were erected in April 2012. The towers satisfy AFL Victoria's lighting standards, which makes playing football matches at the ground at night now a possibility.

</doc>
<doc id="19421451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421451" title="Krazy (song)">
Krazy (song)

"Krazy" is first single released by Pitbull from his album "Rebelution". It features crunk rapper Lil Jon. The song peaked at #30 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the U.S. The song samples Federico Franchi's 2007 song, "Cream". It also samples a line from Pitbull's own song "Toma." There's also another version that's played in San Diego, mentioning all the sites in the area.
Music video.
The music video premiered on October 15, 2008. Fat Joe, Casely, LMFAO, Hurricane Chris and Rick Ross make cameo appearances in the video. The music video has been viewed more than 30 million times through Pitbull's official channel on the popular video website YouTube. 
The video was removed and was also released onto Pitbull's official VEVO channel on October 15, 2010. It, has received over 4 million views.

</doc>
<doc id="19421454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421454" title="Bird of Paradise (1932 film)">
Bird of Paradise (1932 film)

Bird of Paradise is a 1932 American romantic adventure drama film directed by King Vidor, starring Dolores del Río, Joel McCrea, and Richard "Skeets" Gallagher and released by RKO Radio Pictures.
In 1960, the film entered the public domain (in the USA) due to the claimants failure to renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication. The film has been relicensed and distributed by Kino Lorber on Blu-ray Disc and DVD in April 2012 as part of the David O. Selznick Collection (an authorized edition from the estate of David O. Selznick from the collection of George Eastman House).
Plot.
As a yacht sails into an island chain in the South Pacific, a large number of natives in pontoon boats sail out to greet them. The natives dive for the trinkets the yacht's crew throws them. A shark arrives, scaring most of the natives away. In an attempt to catch a shark by throwing it bait that has been tied to a harpoon-sized hook, a young man (Joel McCrea) accidentally steps into a loop that tightens around his ankle. The shark takes the bait, and the rope grows tighter, causing the rope to yank the young man overboard. The daughter of the chief rescues the young man by leaping into the water, swimming down to where the man is. He cannot get his foot loose from the tangle, so she pulls out a knife and cuts the rope, saving his life.
The beautiful Polynesian girl named Luana (Dolores del Río) becomes an irresistible object of desire, and it is not long before they meet in the middle of the night. Swiftly falling in love, they discover she has been promised by her father to another man – a prince on a neighboring island. An arranged wedding with an elaborate dance sequence then follows, during which the young man appears at the nick of time, runs into a circle of burning fire, rescues her as the natives kneel to the fire, bringing her back to a distant location on another island where they hope to live out the rest of their lives.
He builds her a house with a roof of thatched grass, and as for food, the fruit of the earth, mangos and coconuts, are all within easy reach. Fishing is plentiful, whether by creeping out to rocky outcroppings and using tridents, or swimming down into the local waters to hunt giant turtles. It is like paradise. However, their idyll is smashed when the local volcano begins to erupt. The man discovers that the local custom is to sacrifice a young woman to the volcanic gods. They try to escape but realize that "east is east and west is west, and never the twain shall meet."
Production.
In the past, due to the unavailability of many early sound films, this film was erroneously believed to have been one of the first talkies to have an orchestral film score. A full musical score was featured in the first all-talking movie, "Lights of New York" (1928). 
Another noteworthy example is "So Long Letty" (1929), a comedy starring Charlotte Greenwood which featured a continuous musical film score from beginning to end and has recently been released on DVD in the Warner Archive Collection. Late in 1930, audiences became tired of the numerous musical films which Hollywood had been turning out and for a period of time (late 1930 to early 1932) musical scores were completely eliminated from films. As films from this latter period have been easier to view many have assumed that the earliest talkies also lacked any musical scoring.
The musical director for "Bird of Paradise" was Max Steiner, who would later work on "King Kong" (1933) and "Gone with the Wind" (1939). The native huts in this film were reused one year later in RKO's "King Kong".
Curiosities.
"Bird of Paradise" created a scandal when released due to a scene featuring Dolores del Río swimming naked. This film was made before the Production Code was strictly enforced, so nudity in American movies was still fairly common. Orson Welles said del Río represented the highest erotic ideal with her performance in the film.
Employing an elaborate pantomime, Dolores del Río mimics a bird in flight to imply that her freedom is strictly construed in terms of a prior obligation: her duty to marry the prince who lives on a neighboring island. After she has apparently escaped a forced wedding and taken up habitation on a neighboring island that appears to be simple paradise, it seems that they have escaped the dominion of her father, but that is not so. They have kept track of her location. When the mountain god Pele rumbles, she confesses to her lover that she alone can appease the mountain's appetite. The movie closes with her leaving her husband (who has slipped into a deep delirium from a spear wound), so that she can save her people from Pele by voluntarily throwing herself into the volcano's mouth.
Reception.
The film lost an estimated $250,000 at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="19421515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421515" title="Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio">
Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio

Karl Gottfried Konstantin Dehio (May 27, 1851 - February 26, 1927) was a Baltic German internist and professor of pathology.
In 1877 he earned his doctorate from the University of Dorpat, and following graduation continued his studies at the University of Vienna. From 1879 to 1883 he was a physician at the Prince of Oldenburg Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg, returning to Dorpat in 1884 as a lecturer at the university. In 1886 he became a professor of pathology, being chosen university rector in 1918. 
From 1890 to 1914 Dehio was editor of "St. Petersburger Medizinischen Wochenschrift" for Dorpat. He was the president of the Naturalists' Society at the University of Dorpat in 1899–1901, and for a period of time was vice-president of the society to combat leprosy in Livonia.
An atropine test known as "Dehio's test" is attributed to him, which states: "If an injection of atropine relieves bradycardia, the condition is due to action of the vagus; if it does not, the condition may be due to an affection of the heart itself".

</doc>
<doc id="19421516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421516" title="Coutts Inlet">
Coutts Inlet

Coutts Inlet () is a body of water in Nunavut's Qikiqtaaluk Region. It is an arm of Baffin Bay in northeastern Baffin Island. The inlet flows in a southwestern direction and includes a northern arm that juts off the main inlet close to the mouth. Nova Zembla Island and Round Island are located near the mouth of Coutts Inlet.
The inlet is frequented by narwhals.

</doc>
<doc id="19421522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421522" title="Thabo">
Thabo

Thabo (Τhα'βω) is a male and female African name meaning "Happiness" or "Joy". It is a common name for South African men. It is most used in seSotho and Sepedi Northern Sothoand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19421558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421558" title="Ambrì">
Ambrì

Ambrì is a Swiss village in the municipality of Quinto, Leventina, Canton of Ticino.
Geography.
Ambrì is located in the Leventina Valley, upon the southwestern shore of Ticino river and below the Lepontine Alps, next to the neighboring village of Piotta. Other villages close to Ambrì are Rodi and Fiesso. It is 2 km far from Quinto, 7 from Airolo and 50 from Bellinzona.
Sports.
The village hosts the professional ice hockey team HC Ambrì-Piotta, that plays in indoor sporting arena of "Valascia". Ambrì is also a popular are for hiking.
Transport.
Ambrì also has its own airport, Ambrì Airport. The airport was a military one until 1994. Now it hosts events, flight school and more. But sometimes also domestic passenger flights.
Ambrì is served by the infrequently served Ambrì-Piotta station, on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19421560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421560" title="Dona Francisca Lacsamana de Ortega Memorial National High School">
Dona Francisca Lacsamana de Ortega Memorial National High School

Doña Francisca Lacsamana de Ortega Memorial National High School (DFLOMNHS or commonly called FLOS) is a public secondary school for the youth of Bangar, La Union, Philippines.
History.
The opening of the Bangar Municipal High School in 1972 was through the initiative of former Mayor Avelino Pascua. It started with two classrooms for first and second year levels, at the old Gabaldon Campus. The school was later renamed as
Doña Francisca Lacsamana de Ortega Memorial National High School. Later the CaSaCristo Annex was added on 1983.
In 1994, the school became the Mother Institution of Regional Science High School for Region 1, after it has been recognized by then Department of Education, Culture and Sports as one of the "Most Effective Secondary Schools in the Philippines".
Curriculum.
The School follows the curriculum as prescribed by the DepEd.
Educational programs.
DFLOMNHS Main Campus has programs for students with high aptitude:
Students who have passed the entrance examinations and have high aptitude in Science, Mathematics & English are given the chance to take the Special Science Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19421582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421582" title="More Monk">
More Monk

More Monk is the sixth album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Soul Note label (following two releases on the related Black Saint label). It features solo performances of eleven tunes written by Thelonious Monk by Lacy. It is the third solo album totally made up of Monk's compositions recorded by Lacy following "Eronel" (1979) and "Only Monk" (1987) and follows a tradition established on Lacy's second album "Reflections" (1958).

</doc>
<doc id="19421638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421638" title="Shangri-La (BeForU album)">
Shangri-La (BeForU album)

Shangri-La is the fourth album by Japanese pop-group BeForU and the first album featuring the third generation members of BeForU. It is also their first album to be released under the Gambit (Sheeps Eyes) label. It was released on October 8, 2008. 
Planned to be included with the first pressing of the album is a 20-page color booklet as well as a box of mini-photos.
Sources.
http://www.cdjournal.com/main/cd/disc.php?dno=4108071790<br>
http://www.cdjapan.co.jp/detailview.html?KEY=YZGB-10002

</doc>
<doc id="19421666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421666" title="Electronic Journal of Sociology">
Electronic Journal of Sociology

The Electronic Journal of Sociology ("EJS") was an online open access academic journal of sociology. It was established in 1994 by Michael Sosteric. Andreas Scheider was editor-in-chief until 2004, when Sosteric returned and Adam Rafalovich became co-editor-in-chief. The journal implemented a new approach in 2004 whereby it decided to publish three tiers of articles: fully reviewed original articles at tier 1, editorially-reviewed reviews and commentaries at tier 2, and editorially-reviewed other works, including original papers, at tier 3. Although the journal "achieved international recognition", as an electronic journal it faced barriers.
In 1996, the journal was criticized by its rival "Sociological Research Online", who suggested that their conventional approach to reviewing articles was more rigorous. "EJS" had adopted a forum with which an author could respond to the feedback or criticism of the reviewer. The "EJS" editorial board responded, speculating that the rival journal, which was affiliated with SAGE Publishing, might feel threatened by the "EJS"'s open access and lack of traditional publishing ties. In 2008 the "EJS" broke its affiliation with Scholarly Exchange and is now independently hosted and funded.
In 2010 the EJS changed its format and name (becoming the "Socjournal"), dropped the peer review format altogether, and aimed towards an open access and open publication model in an effort to help popularize Sociology and sociological research. 
The Electronic Journal of Sociology is indexed in SocINDEX.

</doc>
<doc id="19421681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421681" title="Tokyo Dome City Hall">
Tokyo Dome City Hall

Tokyo Dome City Hall (originally JCB Hall) is a sport, fashion show, circus, and live music hall located in Tokyo, inside of Tokyo Dome City. It is on the opposite corner of the Tokyo Dome, and has a variety of events at any given time, including Boxing and live concerts. The hall was purchased by the Japan Credit Bureau (JCB), a Credit Card Company, and it opened on March 19, 2008.
The building, also known as Mitsupoto (Meets Port) hall, is a commercial arts facility. JCB Hall is the underground portion of the Mitsupoto complex, and it is the primary location for most of the larger events that take place live. It is host to the Animax Anison Grand Prix anime song music competition.
Although most of the sporting events take place at the Tokyo Dome, the JCB Hall is considered one of the primary spots in Tokyo Dome City for smaller scale sporting events, like Boxing, wrestling and some mixed martial arts. It also is going to be the future site of most small scale circuses. There are also a variety of food choices available on multiple floors of the complex.
Location.
Address (English):
Address (Japanese):
Access.
In order to reach the JCB Hall, any of the stations that can get one close to the Tokyo Dome will work well, including the JR Chuo-Sobu Line, the Mita Line, the Marunouchi Line and the Nanboku Line. One should get off at Suidobashi Street for the first two lines, and Korakuen Street for the next two lines. One can also take the JR St. aqueduct, where it is a 1 minute walk from the gate, or take the Toei Mita aqueduct and get off at the A2 stop.
Facilities.
Standing, JCB Hall can fit approximately 3,100 people, though this number varies depending on the seating charts for the different events. For example, the stage is set in such a way that during fashion shows it seats less than 1600. Since the complex is brand new, JCB Hall has a state-of-the-art sound system, complete with a sound absorbing acoustic wall. The seats in the complex are designed for comfort as well. The stage is set up in such a way that it is extremely versatile, and can be switched out depending on the event. For example, when the circus is playing they tend to use a circle stage, but when a concert is playing the stage is converted into a rectangular shape. When a boxing match is taking place, the back of the stage can be removed in order to seat extra chairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19421691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421691" title="Franz Nietlispach">
Franz Nietlispach

Franz Nietlispach (born 2 April 1958 in Muri, Aargau) is a Swiss wheelchair athlete, handcyclist, and politician.
He has competed in every Summer Paralympic Games from 1976 to 2008, winning a total of fourteen gold, six silver, and two bronze medals. All of these medals were for athletics, except for one bronze earned in handcycling at the 2004 Games. At the 2008 Beijing Games, Nietlispach competed only in cycling; this was the first time he appeared at the Paralympics without participating in an athletics event. He also competed in table tennis early in his career, taking part in that sport at the 1976 and 1980 Paralympics.
He has won the men's wheelchair division of the Boston Marathon five times. He has also held political office in Aargau.

</doc>
<doc id="19421736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421736" title="Govindrao Adik">
Govindrao Adik

"Hon.'Govindrao Wamanrao Adik is a "Rashtriya Sarchitnis" of the Nationalist Congress Party and a Member of Parliament, in the Rajya Sabha.He was Born in Undirgaon Village of Shrirampur Taluka and spent his childhood in "Khanapur" Village of Shrirampur Taluka.He began his political career from Being a MLA,in Vaijapur Taluka in Aurangabad District and then in Shrirampur Taluka in Ahmednagar District.He belonged to a poor farmer family his father was expired just after two days from Govindraoji's birth. He previously served as an Agriculture Minister in the Maharashtra Cabinet from 2003 to 2005. He is a younger brother of the former Deputy Chief Minister of Maharashtra, late Ramrao Adik.
Biography.
Govindrao Adik, was a close associate of Sharad Pawar before Pawar split from the Indian National Congress (INC) to form his independent base, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). Like many leaders at the time, Adik remained in the INC after the split. He commands a substantial mass support in rural, specially western Maharashtra. Recently Adik welcomed the appointment of Ashok Chavan as Chief Minister of Maharashtra and expressed hope that he would retain his clean image and put the party back on track. However, in 2009 Adik was expected to be inducted into the state cabinet by the Chief Minister Ashok Chavan, a change was made during the final hour which brought in another Congressman Shri Radhekrishna Vikhe Patil the son of former Union Minister Shri Balasaheb Vikhe Patil into the Cabinet. This sudden exclusion of his name from the list disappointed Adik, who had been expecting a Ministerial berth ever since 2005.
Quits INC.
Being one of the longest serving leader in the INC and a senior member, Adik felt abandoned by the party leadership. Expressing discontent about senior party members being isolated by the INC, in a letter to the United Progressive Alliance Chairperson, Sonia Gandhi, Govindrao Adik resigned from the Congress Party membership on the February 29 to join the NCP. On 15 March he addressed a rally in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra with the NCP President Sharad Pawar, where he urged the entire state to back the NCP.

</doc>
<doc id="19421768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421768" title="Lucas Prado">
Lucas Prado

Lucas Prado (born in Mato Grosso on May 27, 1985) is a visually impaired Brazilian athlete. He lost 90% of his vision in 2003 due to retinal detachment. He was introduced to track by friend and Paralympian Terezinha Guilhermina. 
He won three gold medals in track for Brazil at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, setting a world record, and won two silver medals running 100m and 400m during the London 2012 Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19421824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421824" title="Harvey Raymond Butcher">
Harvey Raymond Butcher

Harvey Raymond Butcher III is an astronomer who has made significant contributions in observational astronomy and instrumentation which have advanced understanding of the formation of stars and of the universe. He received a B.Sc. in Astrophysics from the California Institute of Technology in 1969, where he contributed to the development of advanced infrared spectrometry applied in the first survey of the sky at infrared wavelengths (the Two Micron Sky Survey project).
Career.
Butcher received his PhD from the Australian National University in 1974 for research involving the construction of one of the first high resolution echelle spectrographs in astronomy and its application to elucidating the abundances of R- and S-process chemical elements in dwarf stars of widely differing ages and mean abundance levels.
He continued his focus on developing instrumentation to solve observational problems in cosmology as the Bart J. Bok Fellow at the Steward Observatory of the University of Arizona from 1974 to 1976, where he characterized anomalous abundances in extreme halo stars and pioneered the application of the then new 2D (digital TV) vidicon systems and early CCD detectors for photometry of faint stars and galaxies.
From 1976 to 1983 he held the position of Astronomer at the Kitt Peak National Observatory, Tucson, where he spearheaded the technique of multi-aperture spectroscopy for observing very faint, high redshift galaxies, and was project scientist for several new observing instruments, including an early speckle spectrograph for obtaining spatially resolved spectra at resolutions approaching the diffraction limit.
In 1978, along with Augustus Oemler, Jr., he discovered that rich galaxy clusters at large distances (z>0.2) have an excess of galaxies with blue colors when compared to similar nearby low redshift clusters. This is now known as the Butcher-Oemler Effect.
In 1983 he accepted the position of Professor of Observational Astronomy at the University of Groningen and Director of the Kapteyn Observatory in the Netherlands. His research focused on galaxy evolution, taking advantage of both the Hubble Space Telescope and ground based systems, and of a stellar seismometer developed by his team based on a stabilized Fabry–Pérot interferometer.
From 1991 until 2007 he served as Director of the Netherlands Foundation for Research in Astronomy (ASTRON), the Netherlands' national astronomical organization. He oversaw Dutch contributions to innovative instrumentation for astronomy around the world and for the future James Webb Space Telescope. He worked on the Morphs collaboration studying the formation and morphologies of distant galaxies. Butcher supported the global Square Kilometre Array radio telescope project. He led the funding efforts and interdisciplinary development of LOFAR, for which he was awarded a knighthood in the Order of the Netherlands Lion. LOFAR is an innovative low-frequency radio telescope that has the potential to look back in time to the early epoch of the Universe just after the Big Bang when the first luminous objects were forming. 
Since September, 2007, Professor Butcher has been the Director the Research School of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the Australian National University, Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="19421841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421841" title="Privity">
Privity

Privity is the legal term for a close, mutual, or successive relationship to the same right of property or the power to enforce a promise or warranty. It is an important concept in contract law.
Contract law.
The principle of privity in the common law's law of contract dictates that an individual cannot sue on a contract to which he or she was not a party. A common example of the principle in operation is that if A (a consumer) buys goods from B (a retailer) which B had originally bought from C (the manufacturer) which turn out to be faulty, A cannot sue C in contract law because A has no contract with C.
US federal law.
In the US federal law of "res judicata", privity is said to preclude a party to a legal action from raising an issue that either was raised or could have been raised in previous legal action. Under federal law, "concepts summarized by the term privity are looked to as a means of determining whether the interests of the party against whom claim preclusion is asserted were represented in prior litigation." Therefore, privity in federal common law is "a convenient means of expressing conclusions that are supported by independent analysis." Because privity is actually a term to summarize a conclusion that one party was precluded, it "may exist for the purpose of determining one legal question but not another depending on the circumstances and legal doctrines at issue."

</doc>
<doc id="19421842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421842" title="South Cameron High School">
South Cameron High School

South Cameron High School is a public primary and secondary school in unincorporated Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States. The school, a part of the Cameron Parish School Board, has grades Kindergarten through 12.
South Cameron High School serves students from the Cameron, Creole, and Grand Chenier communities.
History.
At one point in time, South Cameron High School served area high schoolers while nearby South Cameron Elementary School served grades Pre-Kindergarten through 7. In September 2005 Hurricane Rita swept through Cameron Parish, damaging South Cameron Elementary, Cameron Elementary, and South Cameron High. The South Cameron Elementary, Cameron Elementary, and South Cameron High students shared Grand Lake High School's campus with Grand Lake for almost an entire year. In fall 2006 the three schools consolidated with all students going to the South Cameron High School campus.
School uniforms.
Students are required to wear school uniforms.

</doc>
<doc id="19421857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421857" title="MV Peter Faber">
MV Peter Faber

The MV "Peter Faber" is a French cable-laying vessel.
In the Fall of 2008 the "Peter Faber" will be laying a telecommunication cable connecting Newfoundland, Greenland and Iceland.
The "Peter Faber" made a relatively uncommon
transit through the Northwest Passage to travel from its previous assignment in the Pacific Ocean.
There have been three vessels named the "Peter Faber" that have laid cable in the Arctic.
The first was launched in 1913, the second in 1962, and the most recent in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19421872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421872" title="Temple of Dakka">
Temple of Dakka

Ad-Dakka (Arab: الدكة, also el-Dakka, Egyptian: Pselqet, Greek: Pselchis) was a place in Lower Nubia. The Greco-Roman Temple of Dakka, dedicated to Thoth, the god of wisdom. It was initially a small one-room shrine or chapel, first begun in the 3rd century BC by a Meroitic king named Arqamani (or Ergamenes II) in collaboration with Ptolemy IV who added an antechamber and a gate structure. Ptolemy IX "subsequently enlarged the temple by adding a pronaos with two rows of probably three columns." During the Roman period, the Emperors Augustus and Tiberius further enlarged the structure with "the addition, at the rear, of a second sanctuary as well as inner and outer enclosure walls with a large pylon. The sanctuary contained a granite naos." The Temple of Dakka was transformed into a temple fortress by the Romans and surrounded by a stone wall, 270 by 444 metres long, with an entrance along the Nile. 
A large dromos leads to the pylon, which formed the entrance to the temple. Each of the pylon's towers is decorated in high relief and bears numerous graffiti from visitors, mostly in Greek but some in Demotic and Meroitic script. There are reliefs of cows offered as gifts to the god Thoth carved into the naos of the Temple of Dakka. While the temple of Dakka was similar architecturally to the temple of Wadi es-Sebua, it lacked a front courtyard of sphinxes; however, its 12-metre-high pylon is in near perfect condition. A 55-metre-long processional approach ran from the temple's pylon to a cult terrace at the Nile. During the Christian period of Egypt, the facade of the pronaos was converted for use into a church, and Christian paintings were still visible here in the 20th century before the temple was enveloped by the Nile floods. 
The temple of Dakka collapsed in 1908–1909 and was subsequently rebuilt by Alessandro Barsanti.
Relocation of Temple.
During the construction of the Aswan dam in the 1960s, the temple was dismantled and moved to the site of Wadi es-Sebua. At the time of its removal, some reused stone blocks from Thutmose III, Seti I and Merneptah were discovered which originated from an earlier New Kingdom structure in or near Kubban. The temple's pylon is now separated from the remainder of the temple due to the missing enclosure walls of the open court.
The Temple of Maharraqa was also moved and rebuilt at the New Wadi es-Sebua temple complex area.

</doc>
<doc id="19421884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421884" title="Jason Smyth">
Jason Smyth

Jason Smyth (born 4 July 1987, Derry, Northern Ireland) is an Irish sprint runner. He competes in the T13 classification; his central vision is affected by Stargardt's disease.
Career.
He won two golds for Ireland at the 2008 Summer Paralympics setting records at the Men's 100 metres T13 and the Men's 200 metres T13, which led some Irish news sources to compare his feat to that of Usain Bolt, who achieved a similar feat at the 2008 Summer Olympics
View pictures from the homecoming parade organised by the people of Eglinton to mark Smyth's achievement.
Smyth made history as the first Paralympian to compete at an open European championships, qualifying for the semi-finals of the 100 metres. Smyth ran 10.43 seconds, finishing 4th in his heat. He just missed out on the final by finishing 4th in semi-finals in a time of 10.47 seconds.
He won a bronze medal with the Irish relay team in the 4x100m relay at the 2011 European Team Championships.
Smyth hoped to compete in both the Paralympics and the Olympics in 2012. Although he ran 10.22 for the 100m in May 2011, this was 0.04s short of the A time needed to secure a place in the Olympic games. 
Smyth won Heat 1 of the 100m final breaking the World Record in a time of 10.54 seconds before breaking the record again in the final where he defended his Paralympic title in a time of 10.46 seconds. This final was also marked as the fastest Paralympic 100 metres in history. Smyth equalled his Beijing achievement by winning gold in the Men's T13 200m with a world record time of 21.05 seconds.
Personal life.
He is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, a Mormon.

</doc>
<doc id="19421914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421914" title="Caminhos do Coração">
Caminhos do Coração

Caminhos do Coração () is a Brazilian telenovela aired on Rede Record. Created by Tiago Santiago and directed by Alexandre Avancini, it was replaced by a spin-off called "", airing since June 3, 2008.
Plot.
The plot develops around Maria Luz who is accused of killing Dr. Socrates Mayer, owner of one of the largest private clinics in the country, Progênese. Dr. Júlia, an affiliated physician of Progênese created genetically modified human beings, mutants with superpowers. Júlia has always maintained a secret laboratory on the fictional island of Arraial, where she performs the experiments that originated the mutants. She is helped by Gór, who has the power of hypnosis, and the superintelligent child Eugênio.
Maria Luz has lived in the circus of Don Peppe with her parents Ana Luz and Pepe all of her life. She is the main attraction of the circus where she was raised and met first love interest Fernando. Maria is also the best friend of Juanita, her sister-in-law. Maria falls out of love with Fernando when he gets involved with Esmeralda. After Maria discovers that she is an adopted child, she finds herself in a tight spot: the police find her lying near Socrates' dead body and accuse her of killing him. Maria then discovers that her real father is the person she is accused of killing. This was set up so that Maria could not inherit Socrates's large wealth.
The Mayer family belongs to São Paulo's traditional elite. It is composed of the brothers Sócrates, Aristóteles and Platão Mayer. Ari is widowed and has three mutant children: Toni, who can deviate from bullets and has over human strength, Rodrigo, who has hypnotic powers, and Danilo, who has super agility and marries Lucinha to hide his homosexuality from his father. Platão is married to Irma and has two daughters: Regina and Cléo, who are discovered to have the powers of survival and astral projection. The Mayer family is one of the shareholders of Progênese, together with Mauro Fontes and Josias Martinelli. Josias is married to Cassandra and is the father of Lucas, who reads thoughts, and Janete, who has the power of clairvoyance.
After her arrest, Maria is helped by federal police officer Marcelo Montenegro, with whom she falls in love. Marcelo had recently been widowed by the death of Mabel who was poisoned. The poisoned sweet that killed his wife was intended to be eaten by his mutant daughter Tatiana. By helping Maria to escape from the prison, Marcelo becomes a fugitive from the law and the couple go through several adventures to escape the unscrupulous commissioner Taveira, who feels an unanswered desire for Maria.
Platão and Josias are murdered when they discover who is responsible for Socrates', Dr. Walker's (an American researcher who discovered the truth about the mutants) and Mabel's deaths. Maria and Marcelo are seeking to discover who hired serial killer Eric Fulisy to commit all the crimes. 
It is revealed in the last chapter that Júlia hired Fulisy. She also hired attorney César Rubicão to kidnap Maria, when she was still a baby, and leave her anywhere. He chooses to leave her at the circus. Thirty years later, Socrates reveals that he would leave his entire wealth to a foundation, shocking his family. Afraid that it would harm her experiments, Júlia hired Eric to kill him and put Maria on the crime scene because she knew that Socrates would leave Maria his fortune if they ever met each other again. She suspected that if Maria received his wealth, she would close Progênese and harm her experiences. Júlia then decided to eliminate all those who discovered or suspected that she was responsible for Socrates' death. She also hired Eric to kill Rosana and nurse Ruth among other failed killing attempts. Helga, former wife of Eric, who became a better person after leaving him, also suffered attacks, as did Tatiana, Marcelo and Maria.
The season ended with Rubicão revealing in court, via hologram, who was responsible for the crimes. In the following season, "", Júlia drank some of the youth serum that she produced and adopted the pseudonym of Juli Di Trevi.
Audience.
On February 6, 2008, "Caminhos do Coração" became the first Rede Record telenovela to achieve the first place on the São Paulo TV rank. On that day, it was watched by around 1,2 million households (approximately 5 million people) in the city. A soccer match between Corinthians and Barueri aired by Rede Globo during the same timeslot was watched by 1,1 million households (around 4,4 million people). In its peak, the telenovela was watched by 1,5 million households (near 6 million people).
The last chapter of "Caminhos do Coração" achieved an audience of more than 5 million people in São Paulo. It was the highest audience for a Record telenovela since the last chapter of controversial "Vidas Opostas". This high rate made "A Favorita" achieve the worst telenovela debut in Globo's history.

</doc>
<doc id="19421918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421918" title="Grand Lake High School">
Grand Lake High School

Grand Lake High School is a public, primary and secondary, school in Grand Lake, Louisiana an unincorporated town in Cameron Parish, Louisiana, United States. The school, a part of the Cameron Parish School Board, has grades Pre-Kindergarten through 12.
History.
In September 2005 Hurricane Rita swept through Cameron Parish, damaging Cameron Elementary, South Cameron Elementary, and South Cameron High. The South Cameron students shared Grand Lake High School's campus with Grand Lake for almost an entire year. the South Cameron elementary and high school students moved into the South Cameron High School campus by fall 2006.
School uniforms.
ref>"STUDENT DRESS CODE." "Cameron Parish School Board".</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19421941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421941" title="Allan Cameron">
Allan Cameron

Allan Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19421947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421947" title="Mystery Guest (album)">
Mystery Guest (album)

Mystery Guest () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Yoga Lin's debut Mandarin studio album. It was released 3 June 2008 by HIM International Music with a bonus DVD containing making-of footage and "神秘嘉賓" (Mystery Guest) music video.
A second edition "Mystery Guest (Labyrinth Collectible Edition)" (神秘嘉賓 重返迷宮影音珍藏版) was released on 4 July 2008. The music video for title track "神秘嘉賓" (Mystery Guest) features Taiwanese actress Chen Kuangyi.
Reception.
The tracks "伯樂" (Admirer), "神秘嘉賓" (Mystery Guest) and "眼色" (Color of Your Eyes) are listed at number 10, 20 and 38 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2008. The title track, "神秘嘉賓" (Mystery Guest) won one of the "Top 10 Songs of the Year" at the 2009 HITO Radio Music Awards presented by Taiwanese radio station Hit FM.
The album was awarded one of the "Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year" at the 2008 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards, presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
In 2009, the album was nominated for four awards at the 20th Golden Melody Awards, including "Best New Artist" for Lin for his work on this album It was awarded "Best Single Producer" for "眼色" (Color of Your Eyes).

</doc>
<doc id="19421960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421960" title="Uniform absolute-convergence">
Uniform absolute-convergence

In mathematics, uniform absolute-convergence is a type of convergence for series of functions. Like absolute-convergence, it has the useful property that it is preserved when the order of summation is changed.
Motivation.
A convergent series of numbers can often be reordered in such a way that the new series diverges. This is not possible for series of nonnegative numbers, however, so the notion of absolute-convergence precludes this phenomenon. When dealing with uniformly convergent series of functions, the same phenomenon occurs: the series can potentially be reordered into a non-uniformly convergent series, or a series which does not even converge pointwise. This is impossible for series of nonnegative functions, so the notion of uniform absolute-convergence can be used to rule out these possibilities.
Definition.
Given a set "S" and functions formula_1 (or to any normed vector space), the series
is called uniformly absolutely-convergent if the series of nonnegative functions 
is uniformly convergent.
Distinctions.
A series can be uniformly convergent "and" absolutely convergent without being uniformly absolutely-convergent. For example, if "ƒ""n"("x") = "x""n"/"n" on the open interval (−1,0), then the series Σ"f""n"("x") converges uniformly by comparison of the partial sums to those of Σ(−1)"n"/"n", and the series Σ|"f""n"("x")| converges absolutely "at each point" by the geometric series test, but Σ|"f""n"("x")| does not converge uniformly. Intuitively, this is because the absolute-convergence gets slower and slower as "x" approaches −1, where convergence holds but absolute convergence fails.
Generalizations.
If a series of functions is uniformly absolutely-convergent on some neighborhood of each point of a topological space, it is locally uniformly absolutely-convergent. If a series is uniformly absolutely-convergent on all compact subsets of a topological space, it is compactly (uniformly) absolutely-convergent. If the topological space is locally compact, these notions are equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="19421961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421961" title="The Haunted Melody">
The Haunted Melody

The Haunted Melody is the title of Yes guitarist Steve Howe's seventeenth solo album. It was the first with his Steve Howe Trio. Recorded in 2007, it was released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19421970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19421970" title="The Playhouse to Be Let">
The Playhouse to Be Let

The Playhouse to be Let is a Restoration stage play, a dramatic anthology of short pieces by Sir William Davenant that was acted in August 1663 at the theatre at Lincoln's Inn Fields, and first published in the 1673 collected edition of Davenant's works. "The Playhouse to Be Let" is noteworthy for providing the first English translation of a play by Molière.
Form and content.
Regarding this anthology, the early critic Gerard Langbaine wrote, "I know not under what Species to place this Play, it consisting of several Pieces of different Kinds handsomely tackt together..." Davenant exploited the standard five-Act structure of drama in his era to link five separate short plays, both newly written and previously existent:
The material in Act I provides a detailed view of a theatre manager interacting with actors, that throws light upon the theatrical conditions of Davenant's day. The anthology's blend of serious and comic works has caused critics to wonder about authorial intent, and even authorial identity.
Authorship.
Davenant's authorship of the material in Acts III and IV is not disputed. French scholar André de Mandach attributed to rest of the work to Colonel Henry Howard. Henry Howard was one of four playwriting brothers; Sir Robert Howard, Edward Howard, and James Howard being his siblings. "The Playhouse to Be Let" was in fact attributed to Col. Howard during the eighteenth century. 
Mandach argues that Davenant, as a practitioner of heroic drama, was unlikely to have ridiculed it. His argument has in general not persuaded other critics. In the play itself, Davenant writes that "burlesque discovers laughter not in the objects of its hatred, but rather in the objects of its affections."
Influence.
The playlet in Act V of "The Playhouse to Be Let" has been called "the earliest burlesque dramatic piece in the English language." Davenant's comedy had a direct influence on "The Rehearsal", the famous 1671 satire by the Duke of Buckingham and his collaborators.

</doc>
<doc id="19422002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422002" title="Montgomery Securities">
Montgomery Securities

Montgomery Securities was a west-coast investment bank based in San Francisco, California, that specialized in high technology and health care sectors. The firm was founded in 1978 by Thom Weisel.
The bank was acquired by NationsBank Corporation on June 30, 1997. It competed in the same geographic region and market sectors as Robertson Stephens (acquired by BankAmerica Corporation) and Hambrecht & Quist (now part of JPMorganChase). 
The merger of BankAmerica Corporation and NationsBank Corporation, prompted NationsBank CEO Hugh McColl to propose to put the together the two investment banks, BancAmerica Robertson Stephens and NationsBanc Montgomery Securities. 
Ultimately the combination did not happen as Robertson Stephens was sold off in 1998 to FleetBoston. Though, FleetBoston was later acquired by Bank of America in 2004, Robertson Stephens was closed in 2002.
Montgomery Securities is the predecessor of Banc of America Securities.

</doc>
<doc id="19422025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422025" title="Fiber volume ratio">
Fiber volume ratio

Fiber volume ratio is an important mathematical element in composite engineering.
formula_1 
where:
and
One of the standardized method of determining the fiber volume ratio is the ignition or burnout method, described in ASTM specification D2584-02. The described method can be applied to composites containing inorganic fibers in an organic matrix.
Another standardized method is the acid digestion method which is explained in ASTM specification D3171-99. The method attacks the matrix that is acid-soluble but at the same time does not attack the fiber.
The fiber volume ratio is used to calculate the "void volume ratio".
formula_5 
where:
and

</doc>
<doc id="19422028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422028" title="Tropical Storm Nancy">
Tropical Storm Nancy

The name Nancy has been used for a total of nineteen tropical cyclones worldwide: fourteen in the Western Pacific Ocean, one in the Southwest Indian Ocean and four in the Southwestern Pacific Ocean. 
Western Pacific:
Southwest Indian Ocean:
Southwest Pacific Ocean:

</doc>
<doc id="19422044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422044" title="Morone (surname)">
Morone (surname)

Morone is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422053" title="Scammon Bay Airport">
Scammon Bay Airport

Scammon Bay Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located in Scammon Bay, a city in the Wade Hampton Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.
Facilities.
Scammon Bay Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 14 feet (4 m) above mean sea level. It has one runways designated 10/28 with a 3,000 by 75 feet (914 x 23 m) gravel surface, and one seaplane landing area designated 4W/22W which measures 10,000 by 500 feet (3,048 x 152 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19422077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422077" title="Moon (Steve Lacy album)">
Moon (Steve Lacy album)

Moon is the ninth album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and was recorded in Rome in 1969 and originally released on the BYG Actuel label. It features five compositions by Lacy performed by Lacy, Italo Toni, Claudo Volonte, Irene Aebi, Marcello Melis and Jacques Thollot.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Lacy had not yet fully developed his more relaxed, scalar approach to improvising, but his playing is certainly quite distinctive and generally pretty lyrical during performances of five Lacy originals.".

</doc>
<doc id="19422098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422098" title="Stephen Robertson (politician)">
Stephen Robertson (politician)

Stephen Robertson (born 14 February 1962), Australian politician, is a former member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland who represented the electoral district of Stretton for the Australian Labor Party. He was the Minister for Natural Resources, Mines and Energy and Minister for Trade in the cabinet of Premier Anna Bligh. He had previously held the positions of Minister for Health (2005–2009) and Minister for Emergency Services (1999–2001).
Robertson was born in Aberdeen, Scotland. He graduated from Griffith University with a Bachelor of Arts with honours from the School of Modern Asian Studies. He joined the Australian Labor Party in 1978, and prior to his election to parliament was State Secretary and National President of the United Firefighters Union of Australia.
He was first elected to the Queensland Parliament in the 1992 Queensland state election for the new electoral district of Sunnybank. He was appointed to Peter Beattie's cabinet as Minister for Emergency Services on 16 December 1999. From 22 February 2001 he was transferred to the Natural Resources and Mines portfolios, also taking on the Energy portfolio from 12 February 2004. On 28 July 2005 he became Minister for Health, but resumed his former position of Minister for Natural Resources, Mines, Energy and Trade after a cabinet reshuffle in March 2009. In 2011 he was appointed Minister for Energy and Water Utilites.
He is a member of Labor's left-wing faction, and at one stage had Graham Perrett, the current federal Member for Moreton, working for him. He retired prior to the 2012 Queensland state election. Labor preselection in his seat of Stretton was subsequently won by Duncan Pegg, but the seat was won by the LNP's Freya Ostapovitch.

</doc>
<doc id="19422108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422108" title="Dunedin Chinese Garden">
Dunedin Chinese Garden

The Dunedin Chinese Garden, is located in the city of Dunedin in southern New Zealand. It is sited next to the Otago Settlers' Museum close to the centre of the city and numerous other of the city's tourist attractions, including the Dunedin Railway Station and Queen's Gardens.
Name and commemoration.
The garden is named "Lan Yuan" (蘭園). This was specifically chosen as it was considered to be significant on a number of levels. The character "lan" (蘭) is the third character in the Chinese name for New Zealand ("niu xi lan", 紐西蘭), as well as being part of the name of the Yulan magnolia, popularly thought of as the flower of Dunedin's sister city Shanghai that, by itself, 蘭 means 'orchid'. In the booklet about the garden, it is called "The Garden of Enlightenment".
The garden commemorates the contribution of Chinese people to the history and culture of Dunedin. The city has long had a Chinese population, with many Cantonese people settling in and around Dunedin at the time of the Central Otago Gold Rush in the 1860s, only some 15 years after the city was founded. Over two percent of Dunedin's population is of Chinese descent, among them the city's mayor at the time of the garden's inauguration, Peter Chin.
History and construction.
The idea of creating a Chinese Garden in Dunedin was first raised in 1997 during preparations for the city's 150th anniversary commemorations, which were to take place the following year. As there are strong Chinese elements in the city's history, it was deemed appropriate to create such a garden. A Chinese Garden committee was formed, headed by Dr. James Ng, and a site was chosen close to the city's historic railway station and the Otago Settlers' Museum. 
Initially there was some concern that the site would prove too windy, and a small but vocal part of the Dunedin population was opposed to the garden's construction. Despite these concerns, foundation stones were laid by delegates from the gardens committee and Dunedin City Council, as well as the deputy mayor of Dunedin's Chinese sister-city, Shanghai, in March 1998. Much of the cost of the project was raised by public donations, though the New Zealand Government announced in 2006 that it would support the project to the tune of NZ$3.75 million.
The garden is an authentic Chinese Garden, having been created with the support of the Dunedin City Council and the Shanghai Municipal Government. It cost $7 million to construct. The garden is New Zealand's only authentic Chinese Garden and one of only three outside China - the first of its kind to be built in the southern hemisphere. The only other two authentic Chinese Gardens outside of China at the time are in Portland, USA, and Vancouver, Canada.
The design of the garden evolved over the course of eight years of planning to ensure functionality, accuracy, and authenticity. The garden is in the traditional "yuanlin" (園林) style, and was designed by Cao Yongkang of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Chen Ling of Tongji University, and Tan Yufeng of Shanghai Museum. They used as their basis the traditional gardens of the Jiangnan area, specifically because these gardens represent the apogee of Chinese garden style while at the same time being suitable for small sites in urban settings. 
Construction and design was closely supervised by Shanghai Museum and architects from that city. Much of the garden was pre-fabricated in Shanghai on a site identical to that in Dunedin, then dismantled and re-assembled in New Zealand with the help of Shanghai artisans. The only four items not imported from China are water, the fish in the lake, plants, and concrete.
About 40 workers, artisans and support staff from Shanghai, including two cooks, came to New Zealand under special work visas for the initial construction phase of the garden. They were paid at least the minimum New Zealand wage and were accommodated in a backpackers hotel across the road from the construction site. Another 13 artisans joined them later on to build the Pai Lou gateway and finish the garden's features, lay courtyards and mosaics.
The working hours were typically 7.30am to 5pm with one hour lunch break, seven days per week, with one day off each month. The construction work included the pouring of of concrete, the use of over 280 tonnes of sand, 130 tonnes of hand-finished granite paving stones, as well as 380,000 hand-made roof tiles, and hand-constructed bricks and lattice-work.
Almost 1000 tonnes of rock from Lake Taihu - an important feature of Chinese architecture for over 1000 years - was imported for the construction to New Zealand in over 40 shipping containers. Taihu faces environmental damage from excessive quarrying from the lake floor. Most of these prized rocks form the climbing mountain, with about a third used for lining the edges of the pond and various rock features in the garden.
The garden was blessed in June 2008, in the presence of Prime Minister Helen Clark and Chinese ambassador Zhang Yuanyuan and opened to the public the following month. Prime Minister Clark returned to officially open the garden in September 2008.
Garden features.
The Dunedin Chinese Garden is designed as a late Ming/early Qing Scholar’s garden, and is separated from the rest of the city by a perimeter wall. It is centered on a large lake, around which are numerous structures: an entrance hall, a square pavilion, a study, a climbing mountain with a half-pavilion and corridor, a tea house, and a two-storey tower block housing a conference room. A zig-zag bridge crosses the lake and connects with "Chongyuan", the central "Heart of the Lake" pavilion.
In front of the entrance to the garden stands an elaborate Pai Lou archway as "the face" of the garden. The entrance to the garden is flanked by two lion statues which were hand-sculptured from solid granite and gifted to the Dunedin Chinese Garden Trust by the Municipal Government of Shanghai. Just in front of the main door, a "river" forms a boundary between the outside and inside worlds.
Traditional Chinese construction methods were applied throughout the garden to avoid the use of any nails or other corrodible materials. All wooden structures, made from Chinese fir, are held together using mortise and tenon joints. The timber has been coated in seven layers of protective lacquer to preserve its look and against decay. All of the wooden columns rest on hand-carved granite plinths sitting on the floor's granite slabs. This separates the timber from the ground to further prevent rotting. Hand-carved hexagonal lanterns with shades depicting typical Chinese landscape paintings provide evening lighting for the corridors of the path running inside along the perimeter walls.
All of the hand-made terracotta roof tiles are from Suzhou, and include drip tiles to control the direction of the water running off the roofs and falling directly on the ground, as is practice in traditional Chinese garden design. The faces of the tiles are decorated with flower symbols, a sign that the garden is a public garden.
The corridors of the garden are paved with hand-made tiles in a herringbone pattern, while the different courtyards contain pebble mosaics hand-laid on site by the Chinese artisans in intricate patterns. Over two tonnes of pebbles, also brought out from China, were used in the garden.
Other traditional features of the garden include a curved bridge, a moon gate, and a double corridor. Potted plants and sculptures along the paths and in the courtyard between the tower block and the tea house complete the tranquil ambience. The buildings in the garden include a tea house, which would traditionally be a dining room for the scholar and guests, a study serving as a sanctuary, the tower block, and three pavilions, the hexagonal Heart of the Lake pavilion, a half pavilion at the highest point of the climbing mountain rockery, and one square pavilion.
Particular care was taken in the balance of movement and static elements, with the latter predominating. The most important vistas were to be those overlooking the central lake, with elements of movement and stasis linked by winding paths. 
Tourism.
The garden's site covers an area of some . Trees planted around the outside of the garden walls will eventually shield the garden from many of the views and noises of the city which surrounds it, completing it as a peaceful oasis close to the inner city. over 30,000 people per year visit the Dunedin Chinese Garden.
The garden is open seven days per week and includes a gift shop selling unique gifts not seen in typical souvenir shops. Visitors can also purchase and enjoy Chinese teas, steamed buns and dumplings at the Tea House shop. During the warmer half of the year, the garden is additionally open in the evening on Wednesdays, with lighting accentuating key feature of the garden. Dunedin Chinese Garden is also a popular venue for weddings, small business meetings and functions.

</doc>
<doc id="19422115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422115" title="Nevada State Museum, Las Vegas">
Nevada State Museum, Las Vegas

The Nevada State Museum, located at the Las Vegas Springs Preserve, in Las Vegas, Nevada is one of 6 Nevada State Museums operated by the Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs. It is also known as Nevada State Museum & Historical Society. The museum houses items from the development of Las Vegas as well as the natural history of the area.
Accreditation.
The Nevada State Museum, Las Vegas is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.
First location.
The 1982 museum was located in Lorenzi Park but was moved into a new building in the Las Vegas Springs Preserve, where it opened on October 28, 2011. 
Second location.
The museum opened on October 29, in a building completed in 2009 Las Vegas Springs Preserve. The building remained unused for two years as a result of state budget constraints from the 2000 economic slowdown. The new building offeres twice the exhibit space that was available in the old building.

</doc>
<doc id="19422120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422120" title="38th Primetime Emmy Awards">
38th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 38th Primetime Emmy Awards were presented on September 21, 1986 at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium in Pasadena, California. The Emmy ceremony was cohosted by David Letterman and Shelley Long. During the ceremony, Letterman saluted Grant Tinker, who had stepped down as chairman of NBC due to its parent company, RCA, having been acquired by General Electric. The ceremony was also memorable for the presentation of the Governors' Award to Red Skelton, who in his acceptance speech said he had missed being on TV for the previous 16 years.
This year's cemeonry saw the return of the guest acting category. The top shows of the night were "The Golden Girls" which won Outstanding Comedy Series and two other major awards. "The Golden Girls" became the first series to gain three nominations in a lead acting category, they would repeat this feat multiple times. For the second straight year "Cagney & Lacey" won for Outstanding Drama Series, and led all shows with four major wins. With help from the guest acting category, "The Cosby Show" with 13 nominations broke the record for most major nominations by a comedy series of 11 set by "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" in 1977, this record has since been surpassed.

</doc>
<doc id="19422130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422130" title="Sand Point Airport">
Sand Point Airport

Sand Point Airport is a state-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Sand Point, a city in the Aleutians East Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline service to Anchorage International Airport is provided by Peninsula Airways (PenAir).
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, this airport had 4,296 commercial passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, an increase of 5% from the 4,105 enplanements in 2007. Sand Point Airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems (2009-2013) as a "commercial service - non-primary" facility.
Facilities and aircraft.
Sand Point Airport has one asphalt paved runway designated 13/31 which measures 5,213 by 150 feet (1,589 x 46 m). For the 12-month period ending December 16, 2003, the airport had 2,012 aircraft operations, an average of 167 per month: 60% general aviation, 33% air taxi and 8% scheduled commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="19422136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422136" title="Priyanka Upendra">
Priyanka Upendra

Priyanka Trivedi is an Indian actress who has acted in Kannada, Tamil and some Telugu and Tollywood Bangla films. She is widely popular in Kannada cinema.
Personal life.
Priyanka is married to the Kannada cinema director, actor and script writer Upendra. The couple have two children. She had a role opposite Vishuvardhan in the film "Kotigobba". She then acted with Upendra in "Raa", "H2O", & Shrimathi and with Ravichandran in "Malla".

</doc>
<doc id="19422161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422161" title="Nevada State Museum">
Nevada State Museum

Nevada State Museum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422170" title="Lachlan Island">
Lachlan Island

Lachlan Island is a small island, with an area of about 2.5 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Maria Island Group, lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania near the Freycinet Peninsula. It lies midway between Maria Island and the Tasmanian mainland.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Kelp Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Caspian Tern. Rabbits were introduced in the early 20th century and were eventually eradicated in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19422206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422206" title="Nihal De Silva">
Nihal De Silva

Nihal De Silva (19?? – 28 May 2006) was a Sri Lankan novelist. He won the Gratiaen Prize for his novel "The Road From Elephant Pass" which was later made into a film. He also published ""The Far Spent Day"" and ""The Ginirella Conspiracy"".
Early life.
De Silva was educated at St. Joseph's College, Colombo and attended the University of Ceylon (now University of Peradeniya, Kandy). Later on he went into building his own water-purifying business supplying bottled mineral water. He lived in Colombo with his wife Shirlene and his two children, Shanik and Shamal. 
De Silva was known for his interests in avifauna, evident in "The Road from Elephant Pass" and "The Ginirella Conspiracy".
"Nihal was a stalwart of St. Joseph's College, an avid golfer and a wildlife enthusiast. His keenness for wildlife are to be seen in the many books he wrote, some of which were award winning, amongst them being the 'Gratien award'."
Work.
He set off to being famous with the book 'The Road From Elephant Pass' at the age of 63 and it was published in 2003.
The story revolves around a male and female protagonist, An ex- female LTTE(of Tamil origin), An army officer(of Sinhalese origin). A beautifully crafted story around a pair who were thought to be natural and initial enemies, they were able to overlook their differences and political stance to come together in order to overcome the hostilities around them and get safely to Colombo, protecting an explosive secret. 
This book sold over 3000 copies in its initial printing, forcing the publisher, Vijitha Yapa to print twice more.
"Nihal de Silva won the State Literary Award for the Best Novel of 2003 and the Gratiaen Prize for 2003. The citation was as follows: 
"For its moving story, for its constant feel of real life, for its consistency of narrative momentum, for its descriptive power, for its dramatic use of dialogue to define social context, capture character psychology and trace the development of a relationship, for its convincing demonstration that resolution of conflict and reconciliation of differences are feasible through mutual experience and regard and last though not least, for its eminently civilized handling of the last degree of intimacy between a man and a woman, our choice for the 2003 Gratiaen Prize for creative writing in English is, unquestionably, 'The Road From Elephant Pass' by Nihal de Silva." 
This book was followed by 'The Far Spent Day' based on political corruption. A young man of again Sinhala origin is pulled into the injustices of society, but he attempts to fight back when all forces attempt to destroy him.
'The Ginirella Conspiracy', his third novel is again an intriguing story about the Politicization and ragging in Sri Lankan Universities. Throughout these three books his love for birds, flora and fauna are very evident.
Death.
On 28 May 2006, Nihal De Silva was killed by a landmine explosion at the Wilpattu National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="19422211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422211" title="Epistrophy (Steve Lacy album)">
Epistrophy (Steve Lacy album)

Epistrophy (also released as "Steve Lacy Plays Monk") is the second album by Steve Lacy to consist entirely of tunes written by Thelonious Monk following "Reflections" (1958). It was released in 1969 on the French BYG label and features performances by Lacy, Michel Graillier, Jean-François Jenny Clark and Aldo Romano.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "This is easily Lacy's "straightest" album from the period, and he stays melodically and harmonically close to Monk's original compositions in the heads before taking off somewhere else in the solos. But Lacy keeps to the notion of repetition, syncopation, and melodic invention that Monk did, and the band is nearly symbiotic in its communication around and with him. The music here is a delight and a revelation all at the same time. The sound is warm and full and the transfer is solid.".

</doc>
<doc id="19422234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422234" title="GreenWheel">
GreenWheel

The GreenWheel is a modular electronic assist device for bicycles that fits inside the wheel of any standard bicycle and provides additional power above and beyond the power provided by the person pedaling.
Developed by William J. Mitchell and other team members at the Smart Cities project at the MIT Media Lab, the GreenWheel puts the motor and its batteries inside a housing that fits into the bicycle's wheel hub. The user can control the amount of additional boost provided using a wireless controller attached to the handlebars. The device can provide of travel distance, adding power as needed to help on hills and to travel longer distances or while accelerating. The battery can be recharged overnight at the cost of about one dollar of electricity, and recharges itself while braking and traveling downhill using regenerative braking. Power would be provided when the rider exceeds a preset pedaling pace and would stop when the rider stopped pedaling. GreenWheel could be easily retrofitted to existing bicycles or designed as a component of new models. The MIT Media Lab noted that the product would enable bicycle use for residents of hilly and hot cities, where it is not now practical.
A prototype of the GreenWheel design was created and demonstrated in October 2008. The GreenWheel would add little weight to a bicycle and could be present on bicycles sold for less than $1,000, a small fraction of the weight and cost of a standard electric vehicle. The original design of the GreenWheel requires that the original spokes on the bicycle wheel be replaced with shorter spokes. The team estimated that the device would last for about , about eight years of use if driven each day.

</doc>
<doc id="19422238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422238" title="Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs">
Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs

The Nevada Department of Cultural Affairs (DCA) is a governmental agency in the U.S. state of Nevada. 
The Department of Cultural Affairs headquarters is located in Carson City, Nevada.
Division of Museums and History.
The Division of Museums and History operates 6 facilities with one in development.

</doc>
<doc id="19422261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422261" title="Helmut Möhlmann">
Helmut Möhlmann

Helmut Möhlmann (25 June 1913 – 12 April 1977) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Career.
Möhlmann joined the "Kriegsmarine" on 1 April 1933 as an "Offiziersanwärter" ("Officer Candidate") as a member of "Crew 1933" (the incoming class of 1933). He served aboard the light cruiser , rising steadily through the junior officer ranks, and during the first months of the war sailed on patrols on the torpedo boat "Luchs" as "Oberleutnant zur See". In April 1940 he transferred to the U-boat force.
He commanded the training U-boats and , and was promoted to "Kapitänleutnant" on 1 April 1941, before commissioning the Type VIIC U-boat in May.
Möhlmann made eight war patrols in "U-571", in the Atlantic and the Arctic Sea, sinking seven ships totalling 47,169 tons and damaging one of 11,394 tons. Especially successful was his fourth patrol in March–May 1942, in which during a single week he sank two ships of more than 10,000 tons. He left the U-boat in May 1943, and after a course at the Naval Academy at Berlin he served as a staff officer on the BdU in the "Waffenabteilung" ("Armaments Department").
In December 1944 Möhlmann was appointed commander of "14th U-boat Flotilla" at Narvik, Norway, remaining there until the end of the war. He was promoted to "Korvettenkapitän" on 1 April 1945. After the surrender he spent more than four months in captivity.
Möhlmann rejoined the military service of the post World War II Bundeswehr of the Federal Republic of Germany. He entered the Bundesmarine on 1 July 1960 holding the rank of "Fregattenkapitän" (frigate captain). He served as military attaché at the German Embassy in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil from 24 August 1965 to 24 November 1969. His last service position was "Wehrbereichskommandant" VI in Munich before retiring on 31 March 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19422295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422295" title="Schools Plus">
Schools Plus

Schools Plus is a controversial New Zealand education policy, proposed by Prime Minister Helen Clark. The policy originally aimed to implement a higher school-leaving age (currently 16) however was eventually changed, with its new scope being to require those under 18 to be involved in some form of educational process.
Introduction.
The policy was first announced by Clark during the annual statement (state of the nation speech) to Parliament, on February 12, 2008, along with statistics that showed 30% of New Zealand teenagers were leaving school before the age of 17 and 40% of those failed to achieve the second level of the National Certificate of Educational Achievement.
The policy was intensely debated throughout New Zealand and eventually reannounced by Clark on September 19, 2008. The reannouncement included numerous changes to the policy to rebut criticism that it was simply an attempt to raise the school-leaving age. The full effect of Schools Plus will come into effect in 2014.
Proposal.
The original proposal was to raise the minimum age required to leave school in New Zealand from 16 to 18 and to remove the current procedure making it possible for an exemption to be obtained by anyone aged 15. Clark asserted the implementation of the policy came in light of concerns that a large number of New Zealand teenagers were leaving school with few or no qualifications.
After intense debate the proposal was changed in a reannouncement seven months later. The altered policy no longer alters the minimum leaving age but still abolishes the possibility of acquiring an exemption, and makes it mandatory for school-leavers younger than 18 to still be involved in further education outside of school, such as an apprenticeship or through a polytechnic.
The first effects of the policy are set to be introduced in 2011 when an education and training age will be established for school-leavers aged 17. The full policy will come into effect in 2014 when the education and training age will be lifted to 18.
The policy is expected to cost NZ$150m to cover staffing, capital and operational costs.
Reaction.
Schools Plus has drawn significant negative reaction. The Post-Primary Teachers' Association labelled it a "draconian and simplistic response to a complex problem", citing that forcing students to remain at school does not "radically them to be enthusiastic and attentive", however, while opposed to the removal of exemptions, the PPTA welcomes the program on the basis that other programs have been proven to work. National Party leader John Key said the policy was an admission from labour that their policies were failing and that many young people had jobs that they were learning from. Key claims the policy is a "rehash" of plans that were announced six years ago in that they are very similar to the "Mayors' Taskforce for Jobs" agreement the Government formed in 2002 and that Schools Plus was "the same announcement". Peter Gall, president of the Secondary Principals Association, criticised the policy as not taking into account "special cases" where leaving school was the only option and that the current crackdown on school leavers results in students remaining on the roll but not turning up to class. Schools Plus was also boycotted by fifteen schools who refused to acknowledge the proposal until funding shortages were addressed.

</doc>
<doc id="19422305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422305" title="Lake Brooks Seaplane Base">
Lake Brooks Seaplane Base

Lake Brooks Seaplane Base is a public-use seaplane base located in Katmai National Park, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is owned by the U.S. Department of the Interior.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, this airport had 4,295 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2007, an increase of 86% from the 2,304 enplanements in 2006.
Facilities.
Lake Brooks Seaplane Base has one seaplane landing area measuring 5,000 by 4,000 feet (1,524 x 1,219 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19422316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422316" title="Claudia Bassols">
Claudia Bassols

Claudia Bassols (, ; born October 1979) is a Spanish actress from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Career.
Bassols graduated from the American School of Barcelona in 1997. Her education includes a degree in Musical Comedy (Coco Comín, Barcelona), with further drama studies in Paris, London, Los Angeles, at the University of North Carolina Wilmington, and at the National Institute of Dramatic Art. She also studied English language and literature at the University of Barcelona.
Bassols appeared with Amber Tamblyn in the 2008 film "Blackout"; and in 2008 was featured in the PBS series "Spain... on the road Again" alongside Mario Batali, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Mark Bittman. In 2009 Bassols filmed a lead role in the "The Eagle Path" with Jean-Claude Van Damme. The film was screened at Cannes in 2010, and is being released on home video in 2012.
In October 2010 Bassols was included in "Esquire" magazine's "Sexiest Women Alive Atlas".
Filmography.
Spanish or Catalan language (title links are to Spanish Wikipedia)
Personal.
She speaks Spanish, Catalan, English, Swedish, French, and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="19422338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422338" title="My Dear Enemy">
My Dear Enemy

My Dear Enemy (; lit. "One Fine Day") is a road movie starring Jeon Do-yeon and Ha Jung-woo as two ex-lovers who reacquaint themselves while driving around Seoul. The film takes place over one rather uneventful day, and subtle emotions and chemistry between the actors propel the narrative. This is the fourth film by South Korean director Lee Yoon-ki.
Plot.
Lee Yoon-ki's deadpan comedy trails a pair of former lovers – he's a charismatic romantic and she's a no-nonsense realist – who bump into each other one year down the road. Hee-soo isn't the type of person to say what's on her mind, but you can tell that something is wrong. When, at a horseracing stadium, she tracks down her ex-boyfriend Byung-woon, her voice is laced with fury. "I want my money," she says, skipping even the barest of greetings. Byung-woon, for his part, looks like a man trapped. Despite his nervous smiles and warm assurances (that seem slightly dodgy), you can guess from the outset that he doesn't have the () that he borrowed from her a year earlier. "Don't worry," he tells her, "for sure I can get it for you by the end of the day." Not believing him, but not willing to let him out of her sight until she gets paid, she accompanies him for the day as he visits various old friends and acquaintances (all women) and tries to sweet talk his way into a loan. As both day and debt are whittled down, the pair fall back into old patterns, rehash unsettled gripes, and slowly come to see each other in a new light.
Cast.
"My Dear Enemy" is an exercise in subtle comedy, anchored by the delightful chemistry of the pitch-perfect lead performers. Jeon Do-yeon, as the sensible, even-tempered Hee-soo counterbalances the hysterical mother of a murdered child she played in "Secret Sunshine", for which she was named best actress at Cannes in 2007. Ha Jung-woo, too, is winning as the compulsively charming, if unfailingly inept Byung-woon (a role also in stark opposition to his previous outing as the serial killer antagonist in Na Hong-jin's "The Chaser"). 
About working opposite the reputed actress, Ha said Jeon quieted his nervousness with her easy manner. The two had actually appeared together three years before in the 2005 hit drama "Lovers in Prague", where Ha played a supporting role as the heroine's bodyguard. "I can't believe that I have risen to play opposite Jeon in such a short time frame," he said. "While playing her bodyguard in the drama, there were many scenes where I was chauffeuring for her. I remember one particular scene where she was crying, and I was so moved I almost shed tears. Jeon is a great actress who inspires those around her even before the audience." Jeon said that she was the one who was grateful in the partnership. "I didn't know we'd be cast together because of our age difference (Ha is five years her junior), but Jung-woo was able to come far because he was already a good actor back then. Jung-woo is a very versatile actor and really supported me."
Production.
Director Lee Yoon-ki had been in a bookstore in Korea, scanning the display of bestsellers, when a lonely little stack of the Japanese novella "One Fine Day" by Azuko Taira caught his eye, "like one quiet, lonely person drawn to another". He found the story different from the currently popular trendy Japanese fiction, "There’s something old-fashioned about it, something very unique and intimate, it felt like an old, forgotten fable," and thought he'd like to make a film that would touch people's hearts the way the book had touched his. The title was a problem, since many films had the same title. Lee thought of the term "enemy" because it can be used in Korean to refer to lovers, friends, even children. In adapting the story for the screen, Lee expanded on the novella, adding to the number of people the ex-lovers encounter, and changed some details (including the ending scene). 
The film translates beautifully into the Seoul urban-scape, as the narrative takes one through the city's high rises and small alleys to absorb its mellow autumnal colors. Even though a large proportion of shots are taken beside the steering wheel or through a dashboard, the fluid cinematography still sustains visual interest. 
The film took 37 days to shoot at around 58 locations in Seoul, including the back streets of Yongsan, Jongno, Itaewon and a few overpasses and crossroads.
Music director Kim Jeong-beom composed a jazz film score with influences from 1930-40s American music as well as Latin jazz. The music greatly enhances the atmosphere in the film.
Apart from the long take that opens the film, Lee's quietly assured direction avoids stylistic flourishes and puts the actor's performances at the center of the film – though the irregular rhythms of his editing help to augment a sense of tension between the two leads. This tension – fueled by angry resentment on Hee-soo's part and guilt on Byung-woon's – functions more or less as the film's story, in that it slowly transforms over the course of the day.
International release.
The film had its U.S. premiere at the San Francisco International Asian American Film Festival on March 12, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19422365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422365" title="Veselin Petrović">
Veselin Petrović

Veselin Petrović (September 6, 1929 – November 8, 1995) was a Serbian cyclist.
Career.
Veselin (Vesa) Petrović was born September 6, 1929 in Vlasenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina (Yugoslavia). He was a Yugoslavian (Serbian) champion cyclist. He moved to Capital city of Belgrade, Serbia during Second World War and started practicing cycling in his early teens. For 11 consecutive years he represented his country Yugoslavia at international cycling competitions. He was 6 times Yugoslav National Cycling Champion. In his career he won over 100 races and represented his country in 82 international competitions.
Veselin Petrović was the winner at the 1951 Tour de Macedonia and 1954 Tour de Yugoslavia. He was twice a Champion of Yugoslavia in road bicycle racing. He rode the road race in 1956 at the Melbourne Olympics and finished 26th and in 1960, at Rome Olympics Men’s 100 kilometres Team, and finished 15th. He also rode Tour d'Algerie, Tour d'Egypt, Tour de Luxembourg, Course de la Paix (Warsaw-Berlin-Prague) also known as the 'Tour de France of the East' during the Cold War, and many more. 
Veselin Petrović graduated with Associate Degree in Physical Education Teaching and Coaching from Faculty of Sports and Physical Education in Belgrade.
After he retired as a racer Veselin Petrović started a successful career as a directeur sportif (sporting director) of Tour de Yugoslavie and Tour de Serbie. He also served as the Director of Yugoslav Cycling Selection Committee, President of the Serbian Cycling Association, UCI Official Representative for Yugoslavia and President of the Partizan Cycling Club in Belgrade.
Summer Olympic Games.
1956 Summer Olympics Melbourne/Cycling
Men’s Road Race, Individual, Finished 26th 
1960 Summer Olympics Rome/Cycling
Men’s 100 kilometres Team, Finished 15th

</doc>
<doc id="19422366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422366" title="Analytic apriori">
Analytic apriori

Analytic apriori may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422368" title="Perumangalam">
Perumangalam

Thiruperumangalam, or Perumangalam, is a village situated 4 km west of Vaideeswaran Kovil and to the north-east of Thirupunkoor. This village was established during the Chola's Kingdom in the 10th century. One of the 63 Nayanars, Kalikama Nayanmar, lived in this village and served its people. This village was described well in the "Sekizar Puranam" written by the poet Sekizar, who was the minister of the second Kulothunga Cholan.
The village has many temples, including Pichaiamman Aalayam in the center of the village. This temple is very old and was damaged 400 years ago. The temple was renovated and the "Maha Kumbabishega pooja" was completed on September 4, 2008 by the Selvam family residing in Mayiladuthurai.
Seven Matrika goddesses are dedicated in this temple. The name of the goddesses are
1. Bramhi - Lord Brama's energy
2. Maheswari - Lord Shiva's energy
3. Kowmari - Lord Muruga's energy
4. Vaishnavi - Lord Vishnu's energy
5. Varahi - Lord Yama's energy
6. Indhirani - Lord Indira's energy
7. Samundi - An aspect of Mother's energy

</doc>
<doc id="19422399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422399" title="Hippolyte Rocks">
Hippolyte Rocks

Hippolyte Rocks is a small granite island, with an area of 5.3 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Tasman Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman Peninsula. It has a flat top and is surrounded by steep cliffs up to 65 m in height. It is part of the Tasman National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater, Sooty Shearwater, Fairy Prion, Common Diving-Petrel, Silver Gull and Black-faced Cormorant. Australian Fur Seals use the island as a haul-out site. The Metallic Skink is present. Together, Hippolyte Rocks and the nearby Thumbs have been identified by BirdLife International as an Important Bird Area (IBA) because they support over 1% of the world population of Black-faced Cormorants.

</doc>
<doc id="19422401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422401" title="Empress Xiao Hui">
Empress Xiao Hui

Empress Xiao Hui or Empress Xiaohui may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422405" title="Luddite (EP)">
Luddite (EP)

Luddite is an EP by the Experimental band Grotus.

</doc>
<doc id="19422432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422432" title="Aiyarika Patrulu">
Aiyarika Patrulu

Aiyarakulus are a community of traditional Telugu warriors in the vijayanagara kingdom. Now mostly found in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Etymology.
Surnames of some of Ayyaraka families are 
Eede,Malla, Lanka, Gowru, Kantreddi, Karukonda, Gudepu, Pediredla, Malina, Esarapu, Karri, Nandamuri, Dannina, Ganisetti, Velisetti, Behara, Mahapatruni, Mantena, Vaddadi, Panathula, Kondala, Dollu, Bangaru, Amarapuri, Kunche, Avala, Anaparthi, Bonugu, Duvvari(if Any other please edit if know the relation keep the relation place also )
The term Ayyaraka is derived from "Ayya" and "rikam" and denotes the act of being an "Ayya" or a "respectable person".
Lanka, Gudepu, Malina, Esarapu, Nandamuri, Dannina, Ganisetti, yelisetti, Behara, Kondala, Vaddadi, Panathula, Bangaru are Swagotrikulu and have brotherly relations
Gowru, Pediredla, Karri, Manchina, Avala, Kunche are swagotrikulu and have brotherly relations.
Origin.
The Ayyaraka pathrulu, according to C. Hayavadana Rao, were to be Kshatriyass who rose in the social scale and claimed to be a separate community. Several historians and authors seem to have been confused by this argument since there are no matrimonial alliances between Patrulu and Kshatriyas sub castes which is generally the rule of thumb used to associate sub castes.
This was a generic term which was used in the Medieval Ages to Associate all communities who were Agrarian/Military by Profession So Non Kapu Communities like Patrulu, Reddy, Velama were also called Kshatriya in the Medieval Ages along with Telagas.
Patrulu were appointed as administrators and soldiers and rose to good positions in the Vijayanagaram Dynasty which ruled from North Coastal Andhra Pradesh.pathrudu is symbol of believable and (arhudu in Telugu meaning)confident.
In fact, there is a legendary tale of Patrulu womenfolk defending the fort from invasion of an enemy kingdom when all the men were went to battle, leaving the fort defenseless.
Traditional beliefs.
According to a legend AYYARAKA PATHRULU, they formed the bulk, which invaded the state of Golconda. When the Sultan of Golconda, after the successful defense of his kingdom,when invaded Vijayanagaram to put an end to that kingdom, he met tough resistance from a brigade of Aiyarakulu women folk dressed as men, forcing his soldiers to flee. In return for their gallantry, the Rajah allowed the women of the community to wear silver bangles(anjalu) to their feet. They retained this practice well into the 20th century.
Sub-divisions.
The Ayyaraka pathrulu are divided into to mistic gotras such as Naga( Serpent) and Koorma( tortoise),further into exogamous sects called "intiperulu". Some of the Aiyarakulus have the surname "Raju" and wear the sacred thread. Most of Ayyarakas have the title "patrudu".

</doc>
<doc id="19422450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422450" title="New South Wales C34 class locomotive">
New South Wales C34 class locomotive

The C34 class was a class of steam locomotives built by Eveleigh Railway Workshops for the New South Wales Government Railways of Australia.
History.
These five locomotives were an unsuccessful attempt at producing a larger, more powerful and faster version of the P6 class locomotives. Built by the New South Wales Government Railways's Eveleigh Railway Workshops, they entered service between December 1909 and April 1910. They were rostered to haul express trains between Sydney and Junee, replacing their smaller cousins.
In about 1912 three of the class were transferred to Junee Locomotive Depot to work the section of the Main South line from there to Albury where they turned in a reasonable performance over this easy section. The other two were sent to Armidale for working the "Brisbane Mail" from Werris Creek to Wallangarra, however this move proved unsuccessful and they too were sent to Junee.
Some mechanical improvements were made in 1919 and they continued working south of Junee until the new 36 class locomotives began to work these trains from Sydney through to Albury from 1928. They were then transferred to Taree to work on the North Coast line. Their rough riding characteristics made them unsuitable on the almost continuously curved route and they returned to Junee in 1935 where they were assigned to assisting expresses to Wagga Wagga and working the "South West Mail" from Junee to Hay.
They were withdrawn from October 1950 as their boilers became due for replacement. The last withdrawn was 3402 in August 1957, although it was not scrapped until 1962 after some unsuccessful attempts to preserve it.

</doc>
<doc id="19422478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422478" title="Guaranésia">
Guaranésia

Guaranésia is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was 18,649 people living in a total area of 294 km². The city belongs to the meso-region of Sul e Sudoeste de Minas and to the micro-region of São Sebastião do Paraíso. It became a municipality in 1901. The municipality is an important producer of coffee. 
Location.
The city center of Guaranésia is located at an elevation of 751 meters a short distance from the state boundary of São Paulo, between Guaxupé and Arceburgo. Neighboring municipalities are: São Pedro da União (NE), Guaxupé (E) Mococa (S), Arceburgo (W) and Monte Santo de Minas (NW)
Belo Horizonte: 465 km, Arceburgo: 15 km, Guaxupé: 13 km, and São Sebastião do Paraíso: 70 km. 
Economic activities.
Agriculture, with coffee production and dairy products, is the main economic activity. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$176 million, with 18 million reais from taxes, 73 million reais from services, 54 million reais from industry, and 32 million reais from agriculture. The industrial sector employed 1,655 workers in 2005, while 878 were employed in commerce, and 507 were employed in public administration. 
In the rural area there were 487 producers on 17,000 hectares of land. Approximately 3,200 persons were occupied in agriculture. The main crops are coffee, 4,520 hectares; sugarcane, 2,550 hectares; and corn, 1,100 hectares (2006). There were 15,000 head of cattle, of which 6,000 were milk cows (2006). Swine and poultry raising are also important in the local economy. 
There was one bank (2007). In the vehicle fleet there were 3,666 automobiles, 321 trucks, 307 pickup trucks, 68 buses, and 1,167 motorcycles (2007).
Health and education.
In the health sector there were 7 health clinics and one private hospital with 55 beds (2005). Educational needs of 5,400 students were attended to by 11 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 11 pre-primary schools. 
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$267.00 was below the state average of R$276.00 and below the national average of R$297.00. Poços de Caldas had the highest per capita monthly income in Minas Gerais 2000 with R$435.00. The lowest in the state was Setubinha with R$73.00 a month.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="19422493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422493" title="The Opiate of the Masses">
The Opiate of the Masses

The Opiate of the Masses is a remix EP by Industrial rock band Grotus. The EP contains Transglobal Underground remixes of the songs "Kali Yuga", "Shivayanama", and "Sleepwalking".

</doc>
<doc id="19422507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422507" title="BALTOPS">
BALTOPS

BALTOPS (Baltic Operations) is an annual military exercise, held and sponsored by the Commander, United States Naval Forces Europe, since 1971, in the Baltic Sea and the regions surrounding it.
The purpose of BALTOPS is to train gunnery, replenishment at sea, anti-submarine warfare (ASW), radar tracking & interception, mine countermeasures, seamanship, search and rescue, maritime interdiction operations and scenarios dealing with potential real world crises and maritime security.
BALTOPS in the 1980s and 1990s.
In 1985, Commander, Destroyer Squadron 14, was tasked with exercising freedom of navigation in the Baltic and U.S. support for Northern European NATO countries. The mission of BALTOPS '85 was little different than the first BALTOPS, to show-the-flag exercise to maintain the U.S. right to sail in international waters, even those in the Soviet Union's backyard, 15 years before and increase U.S. Navy tactical proficiency in a strategically vital and challenging sea and air environment.
To do this, Commander Destroyer Squadron 14 was assigned a Surface Action Group of six ships: USS Ticonderoga (CG-47), USS Iowa (BB-61), USS Aylwin (FF-1081), USS Halyburton (FFG-40), USS Pharris (FF-1094), and USS Merrimack (AO-179).
In late June 1990, Rear Admiral Thomas D. Paulson, Commander Cruiser-Destroyer Group Two, led and to visit Poland in conjunction with BALTOPS '90. Their port call at Gdynia represented the first visit by United States Navy vessels to Poland since 1927.
Since 1993 it has been a major contributor to the NATO programme Partnership for Peace, which aims to strengthen and create trust amongst former Soviet Union states and NATO. Ten states which were members (Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia) have since joined NATO.
Common participants are (but not limited to): Canada, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, United Kingdom, United States of America (commanding country)
The 26th annual maritime exercise Baltic Operations (BALTOPS) '98 in the Western Baltic Sea took place from June 8–June 19, 1998. During the exercise, the commander, Carrier Group Eight, commanded the exercise from USS "Vella Gulf".
BALTOPS 2008 (36th).
BALTOPS 2008 took placed between 8 June to 18 June 2008. Its objective was to promote mutual understanding, confidence, cooperation, and interoperability among the forces and personnel of the participating nations, as well as support national unit and staff training through a series of exercises. BALTOPS 2008 included surface warships, submarines, aircraft, and ground forces from Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Russia, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
Rear Admiral Daniel P. Holloway supervised BALTOPS 2008, and the guided-missile cruiser served as his flagship during this exercise. "Gettysburg" was accompanied by the guided-missile destroyer and the fleet oiler as part of the U.S. Navy's Task Group 369.4. Following BALTOPS 2008, the "Cole" paid a port visit to Stockholm, Sweden, on 27 June 2008, and "Gettysburg" paid a post-exercise port visit to Kiel, Germany. "Gettysburg" returned to Naval Station Mayport, Florida, on 14 July 2008, completing this two-month-long 2008 surge deployment for Carrier Strike Group Twelve.
BALTOPS 2009 (37th).
On 16 June 2009, USNI bloggers took part in a DOD Bloggers Roundtable with Rear Admiral John Christenson, USN, Commander of Carrier Strike Group 12, the Enterprise carrier strike group. The topic of the call was BALTOPS 2009. According to DODLive, “BALTOPS 09 is a joint operation that allows personnel from partner nations to prepare for disaster relief efforts, humanitarian assistance, and peacekeeping efforts.” Moreover, according to DODLive, “this is the 37th anniversary of Exercise BALTOPS and includes Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Netherlands, Poland, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States.”
BALTOPS 2011 (39th).
BALTOPS 2011 occurs from 3–17 June 2011 among NATO and Partnership for Peace participants. Led by the United States, BALTOPS is a USEUCOM directed, COMUSNAVEUR sponsored, and United States Sixth Fleet executed exercise. The primary planning and execution commander is Commander Carrier Strike Group Eight. The mission of BALTOPS 2011 is interoperability among forces and personnel of participating national unit and staff training objectives through a series of robust training exercises. 
BALTOPS 2011 participating countries include Belgium, Denmark, Estonia, France, Georgia, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, The Netherlands, Poland, Russia, Sweden, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19422510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422510" title="Panipahan">
Panipahan

__NOTOC__
Panipahan is a small town near Bagansiapiapi, Riau Province, Indonesia, 35 Miles northwest from Bagansiapiapi. Panipahan can be reached from Bagansiapiapi (1.5 hours by boat) and from Tanjung Balai Asahan (2.5 hours by boat)
Almost half of its area is on the sea. There is a big festival on 24th of 10th month in the Chinese Lunar calendar. Motorcycles are the main transportation in Panipahan, cars are rare. There are small hotels.

</doc>
<doc id="19422531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422531" title="Addison Fischer">
Addison Fischer

Addison M. Fischer is an American businessperson in information technology, a venture capital investor, and a philanthropist in the conservation of the environment.
Education.
Fischer holds bachelor's and master's degrees in mathematics from West Virginia University (1966-1972).
Career.
His career spans a variety of roles including computer software scientist, cryptologist, entrepreneur, inventor, investor, ecologist, conservationist and philanthropist.
1960s.
In 1968, while working for West Virginia University, he created software that amplified the throughput capability of IBM mainframe systems up to 40% (the high speed "Executor").
1970s.
In 1973 he created his first high-tech start-up company which in the late 1970s developed the "Top Secret" IBM mainframe security software (this is presently owned by Computer Associates).
1980s.
In 1980 he was a principal founder of the Community School of Naples (FL), an independent K-12 school and was a trustee from 1980 through 2005.
In 1981 he founded Fischer International Systems Corporation, a communications software provider to the Global 2000 and presently serves as its Chairman. Current products include TAO, TapeSTREAM, and IOF. Retired products include Watchdog (PC security), and EMC2.
In 1981 he became co-owner, together with principal Stanley Druckenmiller, of Duquesne Capital Management until Druckenmiller's retirement in 2010. DCM had 30 consecutive years of positive investment returns averaging 30%.
In the 1980s he became majority owner of RSA Data Security and remained a board member until its merger with Security Dynamics in 1996.
1990s.
In 1995 he provided initial seed funding for the creation of Verisign Inc. which quickly attracted strategic partners and additional financing. Verisign became well known as a standard of internet commerce integrity.
In the early 1990s he co-founded two small private Silicon Valley venture capital firms, Tierra del Oro and Camino del Oro, specializing in high-tech startup companies. These ventures have been incorporated into Zenerji LLC. He continues as a principal investor in a number of companies, including Audible Magic and Actify.
2000s.
In 2005 he established Fischer International Identity LLC to focus on internet cloud-based security software. He is presently Chairman.
Standards work.
During the 1980s and 1990s he was a member of several official ANSI committees that set U.S. standards for commercial computer security (ANSI X9) and electronic commerce (ANSI X12). He addressed the U.S. Congress, by invitation, on several topics, including digital signature standards, proposed FBI digital telephony legislation, and global U.S. competitiveness
From 1995 through 1999 he was a member of the Computer Systems Security and Privacy Advisory Board (since renamed the Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board), and was involved in issues ranging from privacy to cyber-warfare.
He holds numerous U.S. and international patents.
Conservation and environment.
In addition to business interests, he is actively involved in preserving for future generations our environment, natural resources, health, food supply, and freedom.
In 2000, he organized acquisition of a substantial amount of sensitive primeval Costa Rican rainforest to prevent its destruction by timber and farming interests (www.LasAlturas.com).
From 2003 through 2005 he was a member of the board of the Amazon Conservation Team (www.AmazonConservationTeam.com), a private NGO that works in concert with indigenous South American tribes to protect their ancestral lands. He presently serves as a member of their Advisory Board. 
In 2005 he began supporting and working closely with Dr. Jane Goodall, and her worldwide conservation efforts. He has been a board member of the Jane Goodall Institute (www.JaneGoodall.org) since 2008 and Vice-Chairman since 2011.
In 2007 he assumed an Advisory Board role in EPIC, the Electronic Privacy Information Center (www.EPIC.org). Has been a board member since 2011.
In 2008 he founded, with Ms. Cindy Mercer, the not-for-profit Planet Heritage Foundation (www.PlanetHeritage.org) to provide additional focus on global ecological issues (including forests, oceans, wildlife, and climate), and various other social, health and economic issues. The foundation works by fostering collaboration among other NGOs and governments to tackle the very large issues. The Oceans/Five funding collaborative (www.oceans5.org) is one of these.
In May 2009 he was elected as a director of the East West Institute (www.EWI.info) which works to resolve and prevent international conflicts through non-governmental diplomatic channels.
In April 2010, he supported oceanographer Sylvia Earle and the TED Conference's Mission Blue voyage. This brought together in the Galapagos Islands 100 influential world leaders to seek strategic solutions to restoring and protecting the ocean. It was aboard this voyage that Oceans 5 was created.
Awards.
1990: Outstanding Paper of the Year, A.M.Fischer, "Electronic Document Authorization"
2000: received the West Virginia University Eberly College of Arts and Sciences Alumni Recognition Award.
June 2008: awarded an honorary Doctorate of Science degree from West Virginia University and delivered the commencement address.
June 2009: awarded the Hero of Privacy Award by the Electronic Privacy Information Center recognizing his efforts to focus attention on emerging civil liberties issues and protecting privacy, the First Amendment, and constitutional values.
2011: awarded the Philanthropist of the Year award by Wild Aid for his work in Asian Tiger Conservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19422535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422535" title="P29">
P29

P29 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422537" title="P31">
P31

P31, P-31 or P.31 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422539" title="P33">
P33

P33, P-33 or P.33 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422540" title="P34">
P34

P34 or P-34 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422541" title="P41">
P41

P41 or P-41 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422545" title="P48">
P48

P48 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422551" title="Sinaboi">
Sinaboi

Sinaboi is a fishing village in Rokan Regency, Riau, Indonesia. It is about 30 km east of Bagansiapiapi and about 30 km from Dumai.
Majority of Sinaboi villagers are ethnic Chinese. In Hokkian language, it is called Cia Cui Kang.

</doc>
<doc id="19422552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422552" title="P58">
P58

P58 or p58 may refer to :
and also :

</doc>
<doc id="19422569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422569" title="P81">
P81

P81 or P 81 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422573" title="P84">
P84

P84, p84, or P-84 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422574" title="P85">
P85

P85 or p85 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422591" title="P93">
P93

P93, P 93 or P-93 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422593" title="P95">
P95

P95 or p95 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422596" title="P96">
P96

P96 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422597" title="P97">
P97

p97 is a hexameric ATPase of the AAA family which disassembles SNARE proteins after membrane fusion.

</doc>
<doc id="19422601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422601" title="P100">
P100

Term P100 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422610" title="P105">
P105

P105 or p105 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="19422614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422614" title="P108">
P108

P108, P-108, or P.108 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422618" title="P110">
P110

P110 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422621" title="P111">
P111

P111, P-111, or P.111 may refer to:
111P may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19422645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422645" title="Russian Biographical Dictionary">
Russian Biographical Dictionary

The Russian Biographical Dictionary (RBD, ) is a Russian-language biographical dictionary published by the Russian Historian Society edited by a collective with Alexander Polovtsov as the editor-in-chief. The dictionary was published in 25 volumes from 1896 to 1918 and considered as one of the most comprehensive Russian biographical sources for the 19th and early 20th century period.

</doc>
<doc id="19422695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422695" title="Len Blum">
Len Blum

Leonard Solomon “Len” Blum, (born 1951) is an award winning Canadian screenwriter, film producer and film composer. He graduated from McMaster University with a Bachelor of Arts in 1975 and wrote many films including "Meatballs", "Stripes", "Heavy Metal", ', ', "Feds", "Beethoven's 2nd", "Howard Stern's Private Parts", "The Pink Panther" and "Over the Hedge". Prior to his film career, he was a songwriter and produced radio commercials. He won the Genie Award for Best Original Screenplay, in 1980, for the film "Meatballs".
He also attended Westdale Secondary School in Hamilton, Ontario. He has been married to Dr. Heather Munroe-Blum since 1970 with whom he has one child. Len now teaches Yoga in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="19422697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422697" title="1957–58 FA Cup">
1957–58 FA Cup

The 1957–58 FA Cup was the 77th staging of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Bolton Wanderers won the competition for the fourth and, as of 2008, final time, beating Manchester United 2–0 in the final at Wembley. The competition is notable for the exploits of Manchester United following the loss of much of their team in the Munich Air Disaster on 6 February 1958. They came through three rounds following the accident, before being beaten by Bolton in the final.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 16 November 1957. Five were drawn and went to replays, with one of these going to a second replay.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 December 1957. Seven matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 4 January 1958, although the York City–Birmingham City match was postponed until the following midweek fixture. Six matches were drawn and went to replays, with one of these requiring a second replay.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 25 January 1958, with two matches taking place on later dates. Five matches were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 15 February 1958. Two matches went to replays in the following mid-week fixture. This round is notable as containing Manchester United's first game following the Munich Air Disaster, which was postponed by four days due to the incident, with United struggling to put a team together to play. In a highly emotional game for both the players and the fans, United beat Sheffield Wednesday 3–0 to go through to the next round.
Sixth round proper.
The four quarter-final ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 1 March 1958. The West Bromwich Albion–Manchester United game went to a replay before United went through.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 22 March 1958, with the Manchester United–Fulham match replaying on the 26th. Bolton Wanderers and Manchester United won their ties to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The FA Cup Final took place on 3 May 1958 at Wembley Stadium and was won by Bolton Wanderers, beating Manchester United 2–0. United had been decimated following the Munich Air Disaster, but still managed to come through three rounds of the cup following the incident before meeting Bolton in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19422710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422710" title="Outstanding Drama Series">
Outstanding Drama Series

American
Canadian
European
Australian

</doc>
<doc id="19422714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422714" title="BL 9.2 inch gun Mk I–VII">
BL 9.2 inch gun Mk I–VII

The BL 9.2 inch guns Mk I – Mk VII were a family of early British heavy breechloading naval and coast defence guns in service from 1881 to the end of World War I. They were originally designed to use the old gunpowder propellants.
History.
Mk I and II.
British 9.2 inch guns originated from a request by the Admiralty in 1879 for a gun comparable to Krupp's 24 cm (9.45 inch) gun at the time. The Admiralty submitted its request to the Committee on Ordnance, which was considering returning to breech-loading artillery after Britain's brief return to muzzle-loaders in the 1860s and 1870s. A new breech-loading gun with a 9.2 inch (234 mm) bore, firing a 380-pound projectile was calculated to be suitable. A total of 19 Mk I and Mk II guns of 26 calibres were made starting in 1881, but after lengthy delays and modifications still proved unsatisfactory; none made it to sea.
Mk III – Mk VII.
The 31.5 calibres versions, Mk III through to Mk VII became the first to be mounted on ships and deployed in general service.
Naval service.
Guns equipped the following ships :
<br style="clear:left;" >
Coast defence gun.
Most Mk IV guns and some Mk VI guns were used in coast defences.
In the mid-to-late 1880s successful trials were carried out with RML 9-inch coast-defence guns firing at high angles in order to test the effectiveness of plunging fire on decks of ships. When surplus BL 9.2 inch Mk IV and Mk VI guns became available in the 1890s they were likewise adapted to high-angle carriages, with their obsolete 3-motion breech mechanisms replaced by modern continuous-motion patterns to allow faster loading. Locations included Plymouth and Gibraltar.
The elevation of up to 45° meant that the shell was at risk of slipping back after being rammed forward; only the copper driving band held the shell in place in a BL gun, and they had not been designed to operate at such high angles. The solution adopted was to develop a special high-angle reduced-charge cartridge with a hollow up the centre, through which the gunner inserted a stick about 40 inches long made of beech wood, to prevent the projectile from slipping back before firing. A "light" shell was used for high-angle firing, rather than the standard shell. 
In the late 19th century to early 20th century five Mk IV coast-defence guns were installed at Singapore : two at Fort Connaught on Blakang Mati, one at Fort Siloso on Sentosa Island and two at Fort Pasir Panjang on Singapore Island. Two of these remain at Fort Siloso. 
<br style="clear:left;" >
World War I railway gun.
From 1915 onwards Elswick adapted a small number of Mk III, Mk IV and Mk VI guns, and mounted them on railway truck mountings for service on the Western Front in France and Belgium.
<br style="clear:left;" >
Australian service.
In the late 1880s and early 1890s the Australian colonies between them ordered 10 barrels and nine carriages for BL 9.2 inch Mk VI 'counter bombardment' disappearing guns :

</doc>
<doc id="19422725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422725" title="David Winters (choreographer)">
David Winters (choreographer)

David Winters (born 5 April 1939) is an English-born American dancer, choreographer, producer, director, screenwriter, and actor. Winters has participated in, directed and produced over 400 television series, television specials, and motion pictures. Of these, he has directed, produced and distributed over 50 films.
Biography.
Early life and stage career.
Winters was born David Weizer in London, England, the son of Anglo-Jewish parents Sadie and Samuel Weizer. His family relocated to the United States in 1953. He became a naturalized United States citizen in 1956. Winters began acting as a child, appearing in over 100 television roles and commercials including "Rock,Rock,Rock!" before appearing as Baby John in the original Broadway production of "West Side Story", he was one of only three members to be cast in the film version (as A-Rab, Baby John's best friend).
Following his role in "West Side Story", Winters played "Yonkers" in "".
Choreography.
Winters started teaching dance and his students included Teri Garr, who would go on to find success as an Academy Award-nominated actress. and Antonia Basilotta (better known as Toni Basil), who would become widely known for the 1980s song "Mickey". Winters would give his students acting and dancing roles in most of the movies and projects he choreographed and they would become known as David Winters and his dancers.
Winters went on to appear as a regular singer/dancer and choreographer on the hit variety series "Hullabaloo" (1965), expanding his previous role on the earlier "Shindig!" (1964). Under Eugene Louis Facciuto (aka Luigi), Winters was in dance class with Elliott Gould. Additionally, Winters taught dance to such world-famous actors as Ann-Margret, Raquel Welch and Elvis Presley. In addition to a credit as guest star on the 1967 Nancy Sinatra special "Movin' with Nancy", the special also featured his choreography and dancing. This project earned him his first Emmy Award nomination. Winters would later team up with regular "Hullabaloo" director Steve Binder to choreograph dance numbers for the infamous "Star Wars Holiday Special".
In addition to dancing, Winters also choreographed many major films, including four Elvis Presley movies. and later, Barbra Streisand's "A Star Is Born" (1976). Winters often choreographed the productions in which he danced. He was nominated for a Special Achievement in Choreography Emmy in 1967, which was unusual in that choreography was not a category that year. In addition to the Nancy Sinatra special, Winters choreographed and directed two episodes of "The Monkees". That show is sometimes considered to have launched the music video as a promotional device. In any case, former Monkee Michael Nesmith went on to be a pioneer in American music videos.
In 1970 Winters teamed up with Raquel Welch and Tom Jones, John Wayne, and Bob Hope for the multi-million-dollar TV special "Raquel!". Now seen as a classic '70s timepiece, featuring pop-culture icons of the time, the song-and-dance extravaganza was filmed around the world—from Paris and London to Mexico. Bob Mackie designed costumes in production numbers of songs from the era, and guest performances, including John Wayne and Bob Hope in the wild West, made the show well received by critics. Winters also choreograhphed the '70s roller disco cult classic "Roller Boogie".
Acting.
Winters appeared in episodes of several popular dramatic and variety shows. In 1963 he guest starred on "Perry Mason" as title character and murder victim Chick Montana in "The Case of the Devious Delinquent." He also appeared on "The Milton Berle Show", "Suspense", "Shindig!", "Hullabaloo" and "Lux Video Theatre" as well as in specials as a dancer. He was interviewed and appears in the 2005 documentary "Inside Deep Throat", discussing his two year-affair with porn actress Linda Lovelace. He also made an appearance in "Linda Lovelace for President". Other feature films in which Winters has appeared include "The Last Horror Film" (1982), "Welcome 2 Ibiza" (2002) and "Blackbeard" (2006).
Directing.
In the late 1960s Winters began directing, beginning with two episodes of "The Monkees". He also directed Paul Newman in "Once Upon a Wheel", Kirk Douglas in the television adaptation of "Dr. Jekyl and Mr. Hyde" (1973), as well as the film version of the successful Alice Cooper tour "Welcome to my Nightmare" (he also served as producer). In the 1980s he produced, directed, wrote and co-starred in "The Last Horror Film" (1982), which he filmed during the Cannes Film Festival and which went on to win numerous awards including the Paris Film Festival Award, the Los Angeles Golden Scroll Award and the Sitges Film Festival Award.
Winters' 1986 film "Thrashin"' remains a seminal piece of work in the board sport industry two decades after its initial release.
"Mystery Science Theater 3000" chose Winters' 1988 film "Space Mutiny" as its target for a November 1997 episode. It is available in that series' home video collection (Volume 4), and runs ten minutes shorter than the original due to the deletion of some "Battlestar Galactica" footage.
Producing.
Winters' producing career began in 1966, when he co-produced the "Lucy in London" TV special starring Lucille Ball (who was also the special's Executive Producer), Anthony Newley and the Dave Clark Five and that was sponsored by Monsanto Company.
In 1971 Winters directed and produced "Once Upon a Wheel", an ABC television documentary on the history of auto racing starring and hosted by Paul Newman and co-starring Mario Andretti, Kirk Douglas, Hugh Downs, Dean Martin, Cesar Romero, Dick Smothers and many others. Coca-Cola sponsored the show.
In the 1970s, in addition to the Raquel Welch special, Winters won a Peabody Award for producing the 1972 NBC special "The Timex All Star Swing Festival". In 1975 he produced the soft-core film "Linda Lovelace for President" and "Young Lady Chatterly". Winters' two-year affair with Lovelace has been linked to her desire for a Vegas career. In 1978, in a jam-packed Universal Amphitheatre (now the Gibson Amphitheatre), fans of Diana Ross were treated to a concert spectacular, conceived and executed by Winters.
1986 was a turning point for Winters. After being overruled on a casting decision for "Thrashin"', Winters made the professional decision to control all aspects of future projects. Josh Brolin was ultimately cast, but Winters' choice was a pre-"21 Jump Street" Johnny Depp.
The 1991 film "Raw Nerve" featured the unlikely pairing of Glenn Ford—in his last film role—with former porn actress Traci Lords.
In 1994 Winters cast Pamela Anderson in her first starring role in "Raw Justice"—also known as "Good Cop, Bad Cop"—a film produced by Winters in which she co-starred with Stacy Keach, David Keith and "Airplane!" star Robert Hays. The film won the Bronze Award at the Worldfest-Charleston in the category for dramatic theatrical films under the title "Good Cop, Bad Cop".
Winters' comedy "Welcome 2 Ibiza" (2002) won the Bangkok Film Festival Audience Award in November 2002.
Winters' production companies.
Action International Pictures was organized by Winters with partners David A. Prior and Peter Yuval in 1986, the same year as the "Thrashin"' incident. Winters bought out his partners in AIP in 1992 and re-branded it as West Side Studios. In 1999 he and his British business partner Patrick Meehan took their Equator Films public, in 2004 that company purchased HandMade Films. His current American production entity is known as Alpha Beta Films International.
In Thailand, Winters is building a large movie studio with acclaimed film director Oliver Stone, which has been dubbed by the press "Ollywood".

</doc>
<doc id="19422731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422731" title="Bridge to Nowhere (film)">
Bridge to Nowhere (film)

Bridge to Nowhere is a 1986 movie directed and co-written by Ian Mune, and produced by Larry Parr.
It was filmed in New Zealand's North Island.
Presented by Challenge Film Corporation. Released to VHS by Chapter Entertainment.
The cast includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19422751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422751" title="Behind-armor debris">
Behind-armor debris

Behind-armor debris is debris particles eroded from the penetrator of armor as well as spalled material ejected from the target itself. 
Behind-armor debris characterisctics can be described by the number, position, and size range of debris particles.

</doc>
<doc id="19422769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422769" title="Panorama (music competition)">
Panorama (music competition)

Panorama is an annual music competition of Steelbands from Trinidad and Tobago. It is usually held around Carnival time.
History.
Panorama was first held in Antigua in 2001 and won by Hell's Gate Orchestra. The first Trinidad Panorama was first held during Carnival celebrations in 1963. A popular Calypso is arranged into a piece for steelpan orchestra with introductions and variations over the theme.
Past winners.
List of past winners in the category "Large Band":

</doc>
<doc id="19422803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422803" title="American Society of Nephrology">
American Society of Nephrology

Founded in 1966, the American Society of Nephrology (ASN) is the world’s largest professional society devoted to the study of kidney disease. Composed of nearly 15,000 physicians and scientists, ASN promotes expert patient care, advances medical research, and educates the renal community. ASN also informs policymakers about issues of importance to kidney doctors and their patients. 
Each year, ASN and the ASN Foundation for Kidney Research provide nearly 400 research and travel grants. ASN annual meetings are attended by approximately 13,000 participants, and regional meetings are held throughout the year. The society publishes the "Journal of the American Society of Nephrology" (JASN) (impact factor 8.288), the "Clinical Journal of the American Society of Nephrology", the "Nephrology Self-Assessment Program" (NephSAP), "ASN Kidney News", and "Kidney Daily". JASN, established in 1990, publishes original articles of the highest quality that are relevant to the broad field of nephrology. CJASN, whose inaugural issue was in January 2006, is a journal dedicated to advancing the practice of renal medicine by reporting novel and rigorous clinical research. NephSAP provides educational learning, and Continuing Medical Education (CME) credits, for clinical nephrologists who seek to renew and refresh their clinical knowledge and diagnostic and therapeutic. "ASN Kidney News", which premiered in January 2009, is a newsmagazine that examines trends in medicine, industry, and policy affecting all practitioners in nephrology and provides other information supporting the work of kidney specialists. "In the Loop" is a daily news briefing tailored to the needs of nephrologists and summarizes key reporting on kidney and renal medicine from the previous 24 hours.
In addition to the annual meeting (Kidney Week) and regional meetings (ASN Highlights), ASN provides an Annual Board Review Course & Update and other online learning opportunities for nephrologists. In 2012, nearly 1,200 instructional hours were offered by ASN to physicians, researchers, and other healthcare professionals. 

</doc>
<doc id="19422806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422806" title="Letterhack">
Letterhack

Letterhack describes a fan who is regularly published in comic book letter columns.
Many letterhacks became well known throughout the industry by virtue of their letters. Writer Mark Engblom describes the phenomenon this way:
The 1994 Squiddy Awards featured a "Favorite Letterhack" category! Some of the most prolific "LOCers" or "letterhacks" include:
Some letterhacks gained entrée into an actual career in comics because of their letter-writing expertise. For instance, Bob Rozakis parlayed his frequent published letters to DC comics during the late 1960s and early 1970s into a job as DC's "Answer Man" and eventually a solid career as a DC writer. Kurt Busiek, Mary Jo Duffy, Mike Friedrich, Mark Gruenwald, Fred Hembeck, Tony Isabella, Paul Levitz, Ralph Macchio, Dean Mullaney, Martin Pasko, Diana Schutz, Beau Smith, Roy Thomas, and Kim Thompson are just a few of the many comic book professionals who got their starts as young letterhacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19422831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422831" title="Madapolam">
Madapolam

Madapolam is a soft cotton fabric manufactured from fine yarns with a dense pick laid out in linen weave. Linen weave is the simplest and thickest interlaced, reversible basic weave, in which the appearance of the face and back of the woven fabric is the same. Its smallest repeat is 2/2, where two warp and two weft threads are interlaced alternately and is used in many types of fabric. The weave pattern is useful because the equal warp and weft means the tensile strength and shrinkage is the same in any two directions at right angles and because the fabric absorbs liquids such as ink, paint and aircraft dope equally along its X and Y axes.
It was famously used as the covering for the de Havilland Mosquito
"Madapollam" is the name of a village near Narsapur, West Godavari, Andhra Pradesh, India where the British had a cloth factory.

</doc>
<doc id="19422851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422851" title="Leptobrachella baluensis">
Leptobrachella baluensis

Leptobrachella baluensis (Kamborangah Borneo frog) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.
It is endemic to montane northern Borneo (Indonesia, Malaysia). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and rivers. It is threatened by habitat loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19422866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422866" title="Wuwang Club fire">
Wuwang Club fire

The Wuwang Club fire was a fire incident that occurred in Shenzhen, Guangdong, People's Republic of China on September 21, 2008.
Incident.
A fire broke out just before midnight on September 21 at the packed "King of the Dancers Club" according to an official with the Shenzhen Work Safety Bureau. The fire was started by a floorshow stunt involving fireworks that ignited the ceiling, plunging the club into darkness and causing the club-goers to panic and stampede towards the exits. The windows were boarded up and there was only one exit with a lit exit sign. 
There were 308 people present in the club. Most of the deaths were caused by the crush of the stampede. Among the casualties were 5 people from Hong Kong, a 40-year old man who worked in mainland China and four 18-year old teenagers; the latter group was celebrating a birthday of one of their peers.
The nightclub was operating without a building license and was not built according to building codes, because of government corruption.
Aftermath.
Video footage aired Sunday by Hong Kong's Asia Television Limited showed the smoke-filled nightclub after the fire. Overturned tables, broken glass and shoes littered the floor. 
Guangdong's provincial governor, Huang Huahua, blamed poor ventilation for the deaths citing something wrong with the architectural design. According to Hong Kong's RTHK 13 people were detained. Six people, including Wang Jing, president of the club, Zhang Wei, ex-husband of Wang and co-founder of the club, and four others of the club's management group, were charged with negligence and violation of safety rules. Another six people have been charged with harboring criminals, according to police.

</doc>
<doc id="19422889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422889" title="Intelligent Car Initiative">
Intelligent Car Initiative

The Intelligent Car Initiative is a policy framework set up by the European Commission to tie up all activities relating to 'intelligent' automobiles. The term covers all vehicles that are equipped with modern information and communication technologies (ICT) to increase road safety and/or the flow of traffic, or to reduce the environmental impact of road transport. A well-established and widely known 'intelligent' device would be the anti-lock braking system ABS, which prevents the wheels from locking while braking and thus enables the driver keeping the car under control. An example for a more recent system would be the electronic brake assistance which helps the driver brake effectively, or even brakes the car on its own if a collision is imminent and there is no driver reaction at all.
Beginnings and objectives.
The Intelligent Car Initiative was founded by Commission Communication of 15 February 2006, and presented to the public in Brussels/Belgium a week later, on 23 February 2006. Its objective is to improve road safety in the European Union, and in particular to cut back the number of annually more than 40.000 road fatalities and 1.2m accidents on the Union's roads, to decrease the number of traffic jams, and to reduce fuel consumption and road transport's CO² emissions.
Structure and working fields.
The Intelligent Car Initiative rests on three pillars:
Priority setting.
Due to the great number and variety of possible activities and actions in the field of the 'intelligent' car, the Commission announced in its first review of the Intelligent Car Initiative that it would give priority to four particularly important challenges. These are:
In collaboration with European research project 'PReVENT', the report was presented to the international media and an expert public in the framework of a conference on 'intelligent' cars. The conference, which was accompanied by a large exhibition, took place in Versailles/France on 18 September 2007. On this occasion, the initiator of the Intelligent Car Initiative, Ms Viviane Reding, European Commissioner for the Information Society and Media, was accompanied by Ms Valérie Pécresse, French Minister of Research and Higher Education, Mr Gang Wan, Chinese Minister of Science and Technology, and Mr Mario Lino Soares Correia, Portuguese Minister of Transport and Telecommunications. Their presence proved the growing interest in and importance of 'intelligent' cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19422909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422909" title="Piggie Pie">
Piggie Pie

Piggie Pie is a 1995 children's picture book by Margie Palatini.
Plot.
Gritch the Witch has a hankering for Piggie Pie and flies off to grab some pork on Old MacDonald's Farm. 
Reception.
Ann A. Flowers, of Horn Book Magazine reviewed the book saying, "Extremely amusing and certain to be appreciated by young listeners of the more robust sort". Dawn Friedman, of Common Sense Media reviewed the book saying "With sly tributes to at least three popular kids stories (Wizard of Oz, Old MacDonald, and The Three Little Pigs), this is sure to be a popular read-aloud — and with adult help, kids can get in on the jokes, too". 
It was the 1998 winner of the Bill Martin Jr. Picture Book Award of the Kansas Reading Association. "Piggie Pie" is ranked number 37 on the 2007 National Education Association list of "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." 

</doc>
<doc id="19422916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422916" title="Jack Deas">
Jack Deas

Jack Deas (5 November 1875 – 23 August 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne, Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Deas, who was a defender, started his career at South Melbourne in 1897 but only managed two appearances. He did not play again until 1899, now with Fitzroy, and was a half back flanker in their premiership side that year. After a further two seasons at Fitzroy he crossed to Essendon where he played one final season.

</doc>
<doc id="19422934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422934" title="Cookiemonster attack">
Cookiemonster attack

The CookieMonster attack is a man-in-the-middle exploit where a third party can gain HTTPS cookie data when the "Encrypted Sessions Only" property is not properly set. This could allow access to sites with sensitive personal or financial information. 
Users of the World Wide Web can reduce their exposure to CookieMonster attacks by avoiding websites that are unprotected to these attacks. Certain web browsers make it possible for the user to establish which sites these are. For example, users of the Firefox browser can go to the Privacy tab in the Preferences window, and click on 'Show Cookies.' For a given site, inspecting the individual cookies for the top level name of the site, and any subdomain names, will reveal if 'Send For: Encrypted connections only,' has been set. If it has, the user can test for the site's vulnerability to CookieMonster attacks by deleting these cookies and visiting the site again. If the site still allows the user in, the site is vulnerable to CookieMonster attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19422960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19422960" title="The Lanterns">
The Lanterns

The Lanterns comprise three small and very steep islands, with a combined area of , in south-eastern Australia. They are part of the Tasman Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman Peninsula and are in the Tasman National Park.
Fauna.
Recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater and Fairy Prion. The Peregrine Falcon has also bred there.

</doc>
<doc id="19423042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423042" title="Juan de Carvajal">
Juan de Carvajal

Juan de Carvajal was a Spanish "conquistador" and one of the first Governors of Venezuela Province. He founded El Tocuyo in 1545. When Philipp von Hutten and Bartholomeus VI. Welser returned from a failed expedition to find El Dorado, Carvajal had them killed, and the Welser's colonial rights were withdrawn soon after, ending Klein-Venedig.

</doc>
<doc id="19423046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423046" title="Space Applications Centre">
Space Applications Centre

The Space Applications Centre (SAC)(Hindi:अंतरिक्ष अनुप्रयोग केंद्र) is an institution of research in Ahmedabad, India under the aegis of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). It is one of the major centres of ISRO that is engaged in the research, development and demonstration of applications of space technology in the field of telecommunications, remote sensing, meteorology and satellite navigation (Sat Nav). This includes research and development of onboard systems, ground systems and end user equipment hardware and software.
Some of the achievements of the Space Applications Centre include development of communication and meteorological payloads for INSAT satellites, optical and microwave payloads for IRS satellites. SAC provides its infrastructure to conduct training courses to the students of the Center for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and The Pacific (CSSTEAP).
SAC has three campuses, two of which are located at Ahmedabad and one at Delhi. 

</doc>
<doc id="19423081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423081" title="Kim Hyo-Sub">
Kim Hyo-Sub

Kim Hyo-Sub (born on September 23, 1980) is a male freestyle wrestler from South Korea. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In 1/8 of final he beat Francisco Sanchez from Spain, but in the next round he was eliminated by Namig Sevdimov from Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19423092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423092" title="Fred Gray (composer)">
Fred Gray (composer)

Fred Gray is a composer of video game music. Among his works on Commodore 64 are "Shadowfire", "Mutants", "Madballs" and "Enigma Force". On the Amiga he made the music for games such as "Black Lamp", "Eco", "Stargoose" and "Victory Road".

</doc>
<doc id="19423097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423097" title="Ādolfs Sīmanis">
Ādolfs Sīmanis

Ādolfs Sīmanis (born 1909) was a Latvian football defender, the most long-time player with Riga Vanderer.
Biography.
Sīmanis came from the Latvian countryside and when he joined the newly founder Riga Vanderer football club, the club coach considered him too slow and to heavyweight in order to become a good footballer, however due to intensive work in training he soon became an irreplaceable member of the Vanderer side for which he already played in the clubs first ever official match, alongside many footballers who had already played for Latvia national football team and had joined Vanderer leaving the 1926 champion of Latvia RFK.
Sīmanis played with Riga Vanderer from 1928 until the clubs disillusion in 1940, over these years twice winning silver medals of the Latvian Higher League, winning the Riga Football Cup twice and the Latvian Cup once.
In 1932 Sīmanis made his début for the national team. In total he made 9 appearances for Latvia until 1940 and won the Baltic Cup twice over these years. The only important trophy in Latvia he never won was the Latvian league title.
When Latvian sports club were disbanded in 1940, Sīmanis joined FK Dinamo Riga. In the autumn of 1940 he had his leg broken in a match in Moscow after which there were complications and Sīmanis did not return to football again.

</doc>
<doc id="19423099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423099" title="Kerkko Koskinen">
Kerkko Koskinen

Kerkko Klemetti Koskinen (born 7 January 1973 in Espoo) is a Finnish musician. Koskinen was the founding member and lead figure of the retired band Ultra Bra. He composed nearly all of Ultra Bra's songs and was the band's pianist. His most well-known solo songs are "Rakkaus viiltää" (""Love Cuts"") and "Sateentekijä" (""Rainmaker"").
Koskinen has worked as a talent scout for BMG and composed music for the Finnish films Upswing and Young Gods. He also composed songs for Vuokko Hovatta's solo album "Lempieläimiä", one of which was a Eurovision Song Contest candidate called "Virginia". Furthermore, Koskinen wrote the song "Uuden ajan kynnyksellä" (""At the Threshold of a New Time"") in memory of the murder of reporter Anna Politkovskaya.
Koskinen was married to Anni Sinnemäki from 1996 to 2001. From 2004 to 2008, he was married to actress and singer Pihla Viitala.

</doc>
<doc id="19423107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423107" title="Donat of the Order of St John">
Donat of the Order of St John

Any person not being a Member of the Venerable Order of St John who from an appreciation of the objects or work of the Order makes a worthy contribution to its funds or to the funds of a 
Priory may be appointed by the Grand Prior, on the recommendation of the Grand Council, a Donat of 
the Order; or by the Prior of a Priory, on the recommendation of his Priory Chapter, to be a 
Donat of the Priory and thereafter his name shall be recorded in the List of Donats of the Order which shall be maintained by the Secretary-General or as the case may be in the List of Donats of the 
Priory which shall be maintained by the proper officer of the Priory.
The rights and privileges of a Donat of a Priory shall in all respects be the same as 
those of a Donat of the Order. The appointment of a Donat shall lapse and his name shall be deleted from the List of Donats if he shall subsequently be admitted as a Member of the Order in any Grade.
The Donat’s Badge is the Badge of the Order without the upper arm. A woman who is appointed a Donat suspends her Badge from a bow.

</doc>
<doc id="19423111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423111" title="List of Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka episodes">
List of Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka episodes

The episodes of "Akaneiro ni Somaru Saka" are produced by TNK based on the original Japanese adult visual novel by Feng of the same name. The episodes are directed by Keitaro Motonaga and composed by Makoto Uezu. The anime series will be airing first on Chiba TV on October 2, 2008, and subsequently on various other broadcast stations. 
Eleven pieces of theme music are used for the episodes; one opening theme and 10 ending themes. The opening theme is by Miyuki Hashimoto. The first ending theme, "Sweet Gift" by Rie Kugimiya, used in the first two episodes; the second ending theme, "Confusion..." by Ryou Hirohashi, was used for the episode three; the third ending theme, by Emiri Katou, was used for episode four; the fourth ending theme, by Rie Kugimiya, was used in episode five; the fifth ending theme, "Cherry Pink Mystery" by Emiri Katou, was used in episode six; the sixth ending theme, "Make a Miracle!" by Rie Tanaka, was used in episode seven; the seventh ending theme, by Marina Inoue, was used in the eighth episode; the eighth ending theme, "Chu.chu.ru. no yakusoku" by Rie Tanaka, was used in episode nine; the ninth ending theme, by Aya Hirano was used in episodes ten and eleven and the tenth ending theme, by Aya Hirano was used in episode twelve.

</doc>
<doc id="19423113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423113" title="Gobarau Minaret">
Gobarau Minaret

The Gobarau Minaret (var. Gobirau, Goborau) is a 50-foot minaret located in the center of the city of Katsina, Northern Nigeria. As an early example of Muslim architecture in a city known as a theological center, the tower has become a symbol of the city.
History.
Gobarau is reputed to be the first multi-storey building in West Africa; it is believed to have been built during the reign of Sarkin Katsina (King) Muhammadu Korau (1398-1408 AD) -- the first Muslim King of Katsina.
Other sources date the structure from the 16th to 18th centuries, with a major reconstruction taking place in the early 20th century.
Originally built as the central Mosque of Katsina town, it was later used also as a school. By the beginning of the 16th century, Katsina had become a very important commercial and academic center in Hausaland, and Gobarau mosque had grown into a famed institution of higher Islamic education. Gobarau continued to be Katsina's Central mosque until the beginning of the 19th century AD, when Sarkin Katsina Ummarun Dallaji (1805-1835) built a new mosque, which was later demolished by Muhammadu Dikko (1906–1944), who built the famous Masallacin Dutsi, which is still used up to this day. The mosque and tower were renovated by Sarkin Katsina Muhammadu Kabir Usman (1981–2008).
Mythology.
A popular myth about the origin of Gobarau states that when Muhammadu Korau slew Jibda-Yaki Sanau the last pagan king of Katsina, he desired to construct a mosque. After the site was selected, there arose the problem of the direction of the Qiblah where the mosque must face. Muhammadu Korau consulted the Muslim scholars of that time, and they all agreed to a certain direction, except one Mallam Jodoma, who was a stranger. An argument broke out, and the other scholars insulted Jodoma of being a stranger who wanted to bring instability. Mallam Jodoma,becoming angry, pointed his staff at another direction, and there appeared the Ka'abah clearly. Gobarau was also used for spotting invading armies.
Muhammadu Korau was amazed, and made Mallam Jodoma his Chief Imam, much to the dismay of the other scholars, who jealously made Muhammadu Korau believe that Jodoma, becoming increasingly famous, wanted his throne. Jodoma was banished from Katsina, and he settled at Guga, a village in present day Bakori Local government in Katsina state, where he died.
Tourism.
Today Gobarau is a tourist attraction site, along with the Kusugu well in Daura.

</doc>
<doc id="19423126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423126" title="Besarion Gochashvili">
Besarion Gochashvili

Besarion Gochashvili (born on February 6, 1983 in Tbilisi) is a male freestyle wrestler from Georgia. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. After beating Romanian Petru Toarca he lost with Henry Cejudo. In repachage round he was eliminated by Radoslav Velikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19423164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423164" title="Association of Seventh-day Adventist Librarians">
Association of Seventh-day Adventist Librarians

The Association of Seventh-day Adventist Librarians (ASDAL) is an organization of Seventh-day Adventist librarians, an independent ministry to the church.
It holds an annual meeting, awards the D. Glenn Hilts Scholarship, publishes the periodical "ASDAL Action", and is a sponsor of the Seventh-day Adventist Periodical Index (SDAPI).
History.
The Association was formed in 1981 at a meeting of Adventist librarians at Pacific Union College.
It has held an annual conference since 1981.
The Seventh-day Adventist Periodical Index developed over time.

</doc>
<doc id="19423168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423168" title="Jacob Ludwig Döhne">
Jacob Ludwig Döhne

Jacob Ludwig Döhne (9 November 1811 Zierenberg - 2 June 1879 Fort Pine near Dundee, KwaZulu-Natal), was a lexicographer and philologist from the Berlin Missionary Society, who was responsible for compiling "A Zulu-Kafir Dictionary" (Cape Town, 1857) after spending twenty years documenting the language and dialects, also translating the New Testament into Xhosa and Zulu.
Döhne joined a mission seminary in 1832 and landed in Cape Town in 1836 with the second mission of the Berlin Missionary Society to South Africa. After first visiting Franschhoek, Döhne left for Kaffraria in response to a request from fellow missionary Kayser. He arrived by boat in Port Elizabeth after a three week voyage and made his way to Knappeshope to meet up with Kayser. Here he set about mastering Xhosa, showing a quick grasp of the language. He started meticulously compiling lists of words and their meanings, laying the groundwork of a comprehensive dictionary. 
Döhne started his missionary work under a local chief, Gasela. The missionary's poor eating habits soon led to malnutrition, aggravated by the tribe's decision to move. Arriving at the site of the new kraal, Döhne found the piece of ground granted him by the Chief, already occupied. A new site was found and the mission station Bethel near Stutterheim, was started on 15 February 1837. 
Döhne's prospective wife, Bertha Göhler, arrived from Germany and they were married on 6 February 1838. The missionaries Posselt, Lisreidt and Schmidt arrived to aid him in his work, while the wives started a school to train the young Xhosa women in home industry. A short while later Döhne’s wife died in childbirth, the baby son surviving only four months.
Chief Gasela felt he was losing control of his tribe and blamed Döhne's God. Problems flared up at the mission and the chief became openly hostile. The loss of respect for Döhne adversely affected his work.
The death of chief Gasela marked a turning point in the fortunes of Bethel. Many potential converts had been intimidated by the chief, and there was now a flood of people to be baptised. A new church was constructed and consecrated on 10 October 1841. 
In 1843 Döhne published ""Das Kafferland Und seine Bewohner"" and then started on the translation of the Bible into Xhosa. The British Bible Society contributed some paper and the translation of the Psalms soon appeared in print. Döhne collaborated with Karl Wilhelm Posselt (1815-1885) and translated the books of Moses.
Döhne’s second wife, Auguste Kembly, arrived from Berlin and eventually had two children.
Theophilus Shepstone was posted in Natal as an agent for the Bantu tribes just before war broke out in 1846. He reported that he came across some 100 000 refugee Bantu fleeing the Zulu chiefs Chaka, Dingane and Mpanda. He entreated the missions in Kaffraria to afford the refugees sanctuary. The Frontier War of 1846-47 between the Xhosa and the Whites put an end to all plans and the missionaries joined the fleeing masses, with Döhne, Guldenpfennig and Posselt finding safety at Bethany in the Orange Free State. Here Döhne lost his second wife on 23 September 1846. War and the unrest made it impossible for the missionaries to return to the Xhosa people, and instead set off for Natal. On their arrival in Pietermaritzburg conditions were tense. Döhne responded to an appeal from the European community without permission from the Berlin Mission Society, leading to the suspension of his services. With the closing of the Eastern Cape missions, the focus of the Berlin Missionary Society shifted to Natal and the Transvaal. Christianenberg, Emmaus and other mission stations were established there, and Döhne became a well-known figure among the Voortrekkers. 
Döhne's third wife was Caroline Elizabeth Wilhelmine Watermeyer (2 November 1817 - 13 March 1888 Paddock, Natal) whom he married on 23 June 1847. The couple produced nine children. During this period he founded the Table Mountain Mission station near Pietermaritzburg.
Döhne had his Zulu-English dictionary published in 1858 at the request of the Government. The Berlin Missionary Society, having a change of heart, persuaded Döhne to rejoin them, and he immediately set about translating the Bible into Zulu. He worked on this project for four years at his home, "Wartburg", finishing the first four books of the New Testament. Disputes with a committee appointed by the Society to supposedly assist him, finally led to his resignation.
Döhne was not yet ready for retirement and started an independent Mission at Utrecht and another at Glencoe. He once again became a refugee, fleeing the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879. 
The agricultural research station of Döhne near Stutterheim was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19423169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423169" title="Petru Toarcă">
Petru Toarcă

Petru Toarca (born on October 4, 1975) is a male freestyle wrestler from Romania. He participated in Men's freestyle 55 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/8 final he lost and was eliminated by Besarion Gochashvili from Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="19423204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423204" title="Elmfield">
Elmfield

Elmfield is a suburb of the town of Ryde on the Isle of Wight, in England. It is situated south-east of the town centre on a small hill. St John's Church is a notable landmark on the north side of Elmfield. Oakfield lies directly to the West, Appley to the North, Seaview and Nettlestone to the East and Westridge to the South.
The community is mainly based on the A3055 Marlborough Road, with additional shopping facilities in nearby Somerset Road. Public transport is provided by Southern Vectis buses on route 3, also Wightbus route 20. The nearest railway station is Ryde St John's Road, situated in lower Oakfield.

</doc>
<doc id="19423206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423206" title="Peter McDonald (artist)">
Peter McDonald (artist)

Peter McDonald (born 1973) is a Japanese/English artist who won the 2008 John Moores Painting Prize.
Life and career.
McDonald was born in Tokyo and studied at St. Martins School of Art. He lives and works in London and Tokyo. His brother Roger McDonald is the director of Arts Initiative Tokyo. His father, originally from north London, migrated to Japan in the 50s. His mother is from east Tokyo.
He won John Moores 25 for the painting "Fontana", winning £25,000. The painting refers to the work and practice of the Italian painter Lucio Fontana, who was infamous for slashing and puncturing his paintings. McDonald's painting pictures an artist at work at the easel but has real holes in the surface of the painting. The painting was chosen from 3,222 entries, shortlisted to 40 works which were judged by Sacha Craddock, Jake and Dinos Chapman, Paul Morrison and Graham Crowley.
He is represented in the UK by Kate MacGarry and in Japan by Gallery Side 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19423220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423220" title="Sapper (disambiguation)">
Sapper (disambiguation)

A sapper is an individual combat engineer soldier usually in British, Commonwealth, or U.S. military service.
Sapper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19423233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423233" title="Grand Junction Waterworks Company">
Grand Junction Waterworks Company

The Grand Junction Waterworks Company was a utility company supplying water to parts of west London in England. The company was formed as an off-shoot of the Grand Junction Canal Company in 1811 and became part of the publicly owned Metropolitan Water Board in 1903.
Origins.
The company was created in 1811 to take advantage of a clause in the Grand Junction Canal Company's Act which allowed them to supply water brought by the canal from the River Colne and River Brent, and from a reservoir (now Ruislip Lido) in north-west Middlesex supplied by land drainage. It was thought that these waters would be better than those of the Thames, but in fact they were found to be of poor quality and insufficient to meet demand. After trying to resolve these problems the company resorted to taking its supply from the River Thames at a point near Chelsea Hospital
Infrastructure.
The Grand Junction Waterworks Company built a pumping station near Kew Bridge at Brentford in 1838 to house its new steam pump and two similar pumps purchased from Boulton, Watt and Company in 1820. The water was taken from the middle of the river and pumped into filtering reservoirs and to a 200 ft high water tower to provide gravity feed to the area. A six and seven mile main took the water to a reservoir on Campden Hill near Notting Hill capable of containing 6 million gallons. The Kew Bridge faciities now house the Kew Bridge Steam Museum.
In the 1850s, the quality of drinking water was of public concern. Charles Dickens took an interest in the topic and, in carrying out research, he visited the Kew Bridge Pumping Station in March 1850. He recorded details of his visit in his campaigning journal "Household Words", in an article published in April 1850 entitled "The Troubled Water Question". The report of the epdemiologist John Snow on an outbreak of cholera pinpointed a workhouse in Soho which escaped the contagion because it was supplied by Grand Junction rather than the other local supply. The Metropolis Water Act 1852 was enacted "to make provision for securing the supply to the Metropolis of pure and wholesome water". Under the Act, it became unlawful for any water company to extract water for domestic use from the tidal reaches of the Thames after 31 August 1855, and from 31 December 1855 all such water was required to be "effectually filtered". Accordingly, new waterworks had to be constructed further up river and the Grand Junction Waterworks Company was one of three companies that opened new facilities at Hampton between Molesey and Sunbury Locks in the 1850s. The company took its water from an island in the Thames that thereby acquired its present name, Grand Junction Isle.

</doc>
<doc id="19423241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19423241" title="Jo In-seong">
Jo In-seong

Jo In-seong (or other combinations of one of 조, 趙, Cho, Jo or Zu preceding one of 인성, 寅成, In-seong, In-sung, or In-sang), may refer to: 
Jo In-seong (Hangul: 조인성),is known as a talent who acts in Korea dramas. 

</doc>
