<doc id="19719776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719776" title="Hp-FEM">
Hp-FEM

hp-FEM is a general version of the finite element method (FEM), a numerical method for solving partial differential equations based on piecewise-polynomial approximations that employs elements of variable size
"(h)" and polynomial degree "(p)". The origins of hp-FEM date back to the pioneering work of Ivo Babuska et al.
the mesh is refined using a suitable combination of h-refinements
(dividing elements into smaller ones) and p-refinements (increasing their
polynomial degree). The exponential convergence makes the method
a very attractive choice compared to most other finite element methods
which only converge with an algebraic rate. The exponential convergence
of the hp-FEM was not only predicted theoretically but also observed
by numerous independent researchers.
Differences from standard FEM.
The hp-FEM differs from the standard (lowest-order) FEM in many aspects.
Example: the Fichera problem.
The Fichera problem (also called the Fichera corner problem) is a standard benchmark problem for adaptive FEM codes. One can use it to show the dramatic difference in the performance of standard FEM and the hp-FEM. The problem geometry is a cube with missing corner. The exact solution has a singular gradient (an analogy of infinite stress) at the center. The knowledge of the exact solution makes it possible to calculate the approximation error exactly and thus compare various numerical methods. For illustration, the problem was solved using three different versions of adaptive FEM: with linear elements, quadratic elements, and the hp-FEM.
The convergence graphs show the approximation error as a function of the number of degrees of freedom (DOF). By DOF we mean (unknown) parameters that are needed to define the approximation. The number of DOF equals the size of the stiffness matrix. The reader can see in the graphs that the convergence of the hp-FEM is much faster than the convergence of both other methods. Actually, the performance gap is so huge that the linear FEM might not converge at all in reasonable time and the quadratic FEM would need hundreds of thousands or perhaps millions of DOF to reach the accuracy that the hp-FEM attained with approximately 17,000 DOF. Obtaining very accurate results using relatively few DOF is the main strength of the hp-FEM.
Why is hp-FEM so efficient?
Smooth functions can be approximated much more efficiently using large high-order elements than small piecewise-linear ones. This is illustrated in the figure below, where a 1D Poisson equation with zero Dirichlet boundary conditions is solved on two different meshes. The exact solution is the sin function.
While the number of unknowns is the same in both cases (1 DOF), the errors in the corresponding norm are 0.68 and 0.20, respectively. This means that the quadratic approximation was roughly 3.5-times more efficient than the piecewise-linear one. When we proceed one step further and compare (a) four linear elements to (b) one quartic element (p=4), then both discrete problems will have three DOF but the quartic approximation will be approximately 40-times more efficient. When performing few more steps like this, the reader will see that the efficiency gap opens extremely fast.
On the contrary, small low-order elements can capture small-scale features such as singularities much better than large high-order ones. The hp-FEM is based on an optimal combination of these two approaches which leads to exponential convergence.
What is hp-adaptivity?
Some FEM sites describe hp-adaptivity as a combination of h-adaptivity (splitting elements in space while keeping their polynomial degree fixed) and p-adaptivity (only increasing their polynomial degree). This is not entirely accurate. The hp-adaptivity is significantly different from both h- and p-adaptivity since the hp-refinement of an element can be done in many different ways. Besides a p-refinement, the element can be subdivided in space (as in h-adaptivity), but there are many combinations for the polynomial degrees on the subelements. This is illustrated in the figure on the right. For example, if a triangular or quadrilateral element is subdivided into four subelements where the polynomial degrees are allowed to vary by at most two, then this yields 3^4 = 81 refinement candidates (not considering polynomially anisotropic candidates). Analogously, splitting a hexahedron into eight subelements and varying their polynomial degrees by at most two yields 3^8 = 6,561 refinement candidates. Clearly, standard FEM error estimates providing one constant number per element are not enough to guide automatic hp-adaptivity.
Higher-order shape functions.
In standard FEM one only works with shape functions associated with grid
vertices (the so-called "vertex functions"). In contrast to that,
in the hp-FEM one moreover regards "edge functions" (associated with
element edges), "face functions" (corresponding to element faces - 3D only),
and "bubble functions" (higher-order polynomials which vanish on
element boundaries). The following images show these functions
(restricted to a single element):
Note: all these functions are defined in the entire element interior!

</doc>
<doc id="19719779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719779" title="Middle Fork John Day River">
Middle Fork John Day River

The Middle Fork John Day River is a tributary of the North Fork John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It originates in the Blue Mountains of northeast Oregon in the Malheur National Forest near Austin and flows generally west to the North Fork about above Monument. The Middle Fork drainage basin covers about .
The Oregon Scenic Waterways Program, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department (OPRD) protects the river for most of its length. The state lists a segment of the Middle Fork from about from the mouth to about from the mouth as a Scenic River Area and the lower as a Natural River Area. People planning to cut trees, mine, build roads or structures, or to make other substantial changes within of the river must first notify OPRD and seek its approval.

</doc>
<doc id="19719787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719787" title="Dustair">
Dustair

Dustair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19719793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719793" title="Bozeman Public Schools">
Bozeman Public Schools

Bozeman Public Schools is a school district in Bozeman, Montana, USA. The district's superintendent is Kirk J. Miller, Ed.D. 
Bozeman Public Schools operates the following schools:
There are 67 members in the faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="19719821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719821" title="HMS Orchis (K76)">
HMS Orchis (K76)

HMS "Orchis" was a that served in the Royal Navy during World War II.
North Atlantic Trade Convoy Escort.
In March 1941, "Orchis" was the first ship fitted with the very successful 10-cm wavelength Type 271 Radar enabling detection of a surfaced submarine at 5000 yards or a submarine periscope at 1300 yards. "Orchis" was assigned first to the 4th Escort Group based at Greenock and then to Escort Group B3 of the Mid-Ocean Escort Force through early 1944. "Orchis" escorted convoy ONS-18 during the battle of Convoys ONS-18/ON-202.
English Channel.
"Orchis" was then assigned to patrol the English Channel, and sank German submarine U-741 on 15 August 1944. "U-741" torpedoed "LST-404" of convoy FTM-69 while "Orchis" was escorting nearby convoy FTC-68. "Orchis" gained and held SONAR contact on "U-741" and flooded the forward part of the U-boat with two Hedgehog attacks and two Depth charge attacks. Leo Leuwer escaped from the aft torpedo-room hatch of the sunken U-boat, and was rescued by "Orchis". 
On 21 August 1944, "Orchis" struck a mine destroying the bow back to the 4-inch gun. The damaged ship was beached on Juno Beach and declared a total loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19719829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719829" title="AJF">
AJF

AJF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19719853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719853" title="Motivation (Sheryl Crow song)">
Motivation (Sheryl Crow song)

"Motivation" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow for her sixth studio album, "Detours", and released as a single.
The song has earned praise for its memorable melody and facetious lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="19719860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719860" title="Höch Gumme">
Höch Gumme

The Höch Gumme (2,205 m) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies just west of the "Schönbüel" cable car station (2,011 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19719888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719888" title="Pennsylvania Keystoners">
Pennsylvania Keystoners

The Pennsylvania Keystoners was the idea for an American football team thought up by then-Pittsburgh Pirates owner, Art Rooney, in 1939 to have a single National Football League franchise based in both Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. The team would play half of its home games in each location. The idea for the Keystoners was the result of a "franchise two-step" between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Steelers that is still regarded as one of the most convoluted in sports history.
History.
Origins.
During their early histories, the Pirates and the Eagles were among the weakest in the league. In his first eight years of operating the Pittsburgh franchise, Pirates founder Art Rooney was estimated to have lost $100,000. Neither the Eagles nor the Pirates-Steelers had posted a winning record in their first eight years of existence. Losses on the field were compounded by the combined loss of about $190,000 in Depression dollars. The Steelers were so bad that Rooney sold them at the end of the, 1940 season to Alexis Thompson, a 26-year-old steel heir from Boston, Massachusetts frequently described in the press as "a well-heeled New York playboy". Thompson renamed the Steelers the Ironmen, but he planned to move the franchise to Boston and play games in Fenway Park. Eagles owner Bert Bell brokered a deal in which Rooney sold the Steelers for $160,000 which was 64 times his original franchise start-up fee of $2,500 in 1933, and Rooney in turn invested $80,000 to become partner with Bell in the Eagles. The deal, which also involved the trade of 11 Steelers to the Eagles and eight Eagles to the Steelers, came to light on December 8, 1940, the day the Chicago Bears defeated the Washington Redskins, 73-0, in the NFL title game.
Meanwhile, the Eagles were owned by a syndicate headed by Bell, however the team lost $80,000 and 21 games in its first three seasons. Soon all of the team's investors left the franchise, and by the end of the 1935 season Bell had the Eagles to himself. He became the coach, general manager, scout and public relations director, and took to selling tickets on downtown Philadelphia street corners. Because the rent was cheap, the team played in the 102,000 seat Municipal Stadium before at least 100,000 empty seats. According to one account, one rainy Sunday, only 50 people showed up for a game against the Brooklyn Dodgers; Bell invited those few fans up to the covered press box, where he provided free coffee and hot dogs.
The deal.
Rooney and Bell had become close friends during the early NFL years, and so, soon after he sold the Pittsburgh franchise, Rooney bought a half interest in the struggling Eagles operation. The two owners planned was to field a combined Philadelphia-Pittsburgh team called the Keystoners that would play home games in both cities. The original proposition was that Thompson would buy the franchise and take the Pittsburgh club to Boston and Bell and Rooney would pool their interests in the Eagles to form a Philadelphia-Pittsburgh club, splitting the home games between Forbes Field in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia's Municipal Stadium.
Second thoughts.
The Pittsburgh Pirates were supposed to be renamed the Boston Ironmen, however Thompson's move to Boston fell through. The Rooney/Bell idea to have one Pennsylvania Keystoners franchise with games in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh was vetoed by the league as well. However Rooney had second thoughts about leaving Pittsburgh for Philadlephia, he caught Thompson at the right time and the two men changed their plans. As a result, Rooney and Bell would take their Philadelphia operation back to Pittsburgh and rename it the Steelers while Thompson, could move Rooney's original franchise to Philadelphia and play as the Eagles.
Afterwards.
Before the 1941 season, Rooney returned the name to Steelers back from the Ironmen. Bell began the season as the Steelers' coach, but after two losses, Rooney hired Aldo Donelli. Bell continued as part owner of the Steelers until 1946 when he was elected NFL commissioner. Bell served as commissioner until 1959 when he died of a heart attack at Franklin Field in Philadelphia during a game between two teams he had helped form, the Steelers and the Eagles.
Because the Steelers never actually missed a game in Pittsburgh, the NFL considers the Rooney Family's ownership reign to be unbroken. But from 1941 to 1946, when Bell became NFL commissioner and gave up his half interest in the Steelers, the club's operating name was still technically referred to as the Philadelphia Eagles Football Club Inc.
The teams would merge though for one season in 1943 as the Philadelphia-Pittsburgh "Steagles" due to player shortfalls brought on by World War II. The league only approved the merger for one year; Pittsburgh was willing to merge again for 1944 but not Philadelphia. This forced the Steelers to merge with the Chicago Cardinals (as Card-Pitt) for 1944 (64 seasons later, the Steelers beat the now-Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII).

</doc>
<doc id="19719899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719899" title="Vivek Ranadivé">
Vivek Ranadivé

Vivek Ranadivé ( मराठी : विवेक रणदिवे ) (born October 7, 1957) is an Indian businessman, engineer, author, speaker and philanthropist. Ranadivé is the founder and CEO of TIBCO, a multi-billion dollar real-time computing company, and is credited with digitizing Wall Street in the 1980s with his first company, Teknekron Software Systems. Ranadivé is also the leader of the ownership group for the Sacramento Kings in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Early life and education.
Ranadivé grew up in the Juhu area of Bombay (now Mumbai), India and was the youngest of three children. As a child, one of Ranadivé's dreams was to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), which he learned of through a documentary on the institution. Described as "a true visionary in a valley full of seers," by the August 10, 2004 issue of Information Age, he was inspired at the age of 17 to leave India to pursue an education in the United States of America. At 16, Ranadivé was accepted to MIT, but in the 1970s the Indian government did not release foreign currency for citizens to study abroad. Ranadivé talked his way into the office of the Reserve Bank of India and got the required foreign exchange for one quarter of the tuition and less than $100 in pocket to land in Boston.
After earning both a Master's and Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering from MIT in four years, he obtained an MBA from Harvard University in 1983 where he was a Baker Scholar. While still in college at MIT, Ranadivé started his first company, a UNIX consulting company. He also held management and engineering positions with Ford Motor Company, M/A-Com Linkabit and Fortune Systems immediately after college.
Teknekron Software Systems.
Teknekron Corp., a technology incubator, provided $250,000 in seed capital to Vivek Ranadivé in 1985; in 1986, Teknekron Software Systems was born. Frustrated by how software seemed to always under-deliver, while hardware was always on time and under budget, Ranadivé set out to build software based on the premise of a "Software Bus" (which later became known as "The Information Bus," a.k.a. TIB). In technology, a "bus" is the standard data highway by which various elements communicate (in a computer system, this refers to the communication between the CPU, the memory, the I/O devices, etc.). The Software Bus concept would allow for the tight coupling of applications. In 1987, Teknekron Software Systems was spun off into an independent company.
In 1986, Teknekron embarked on a consulting project with Goldman Sachs to redefine the trading floor of the future. In 1992, Price Waterhouse technology partner Keyur Patel led the first design and deployment of TIB architecture to revolutionize the trading floors for real time international transactions, leading the way for Next Computers into Wall Street floors. TIB-K became the first platform for Wall Street trading technology. " In 1987, the first TIB — for the integration and delivery of market data such as stock quotes, news and other financial information — went live at Fidelity, followed by First Interstate Bank and Salomon, eventually digitizing all of Wall Street. Teknekron was later acquired by Reuters in 1994 to expand its use of the Information Bus in the financial services markets.
TIBCO.
In 1997, Ranadivé founded TIBCO Software Inc. with funding from Cisco and Reuters. He began to apply the real-time software that he developed at Teknekron to other industries; in TIBCO's first year, they crossed $50 million in revenue and teamed with CBS Sportsline to enable real-time news of all major sporting events, including the NFL, NBA and PGA. In 1999, TIBCO's revenues were $100 million, leading them to file for an IPO on the NASDAQ.
Currently, TIBCO is active in a wide range of markets including retail (FedEx and Amazon.com), manufacturing, financials (Chicago Mercantile Exchange, NASDAQ and Goldman Sachs), the military (the Department of Defense, United States Department of Homeland Security), airlines (Delta) and tech companies (iPhone activation with AT&T, eBay). By 2011, Ranadivé had grown TIBCO's annual revenues to $920 million and its customer base to 4,000.
Current ventures.
Golden State Warriors.
Ranadivé is a longtime basketball fan, which started when he coached his daughter's middle-school basketball team. The team played in the national championship and Ranadivé's coaching success was documented by Malcolm Gladwell in "The New Yorker". In 2010, Ranadivé became the co-owner and vice chairman of the Golden State Warriors, making him the first person of Indian descent to own an NBA franchise.
Ranadivé plans to transform the Warriors using the same real-time technology that transformed the business world. He states that "I see basketball as being the 21st century sport and the Warriors becoming the team of the 21st century." In 2011, Ranadivé spearheaded Bollywood Night.
Sacramento Kings.
On March 21, 2013 it was announced that Ranadivé has joined Ron Burkle and Mark Mastrov to be a major investor in the attempt to purchase the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association. In order for Ranadivé to purchase the Kings, he will need to sell his share of the Golden State Warriors.
On May 16, 2013 it was announced that the Ranadivé lead ownership group came to an agreement with the Maloof family to purchase 65 percent of the Kings for approximately $348 million and will keep the Sacramento Kings in Sacramento. The NBA approved the sale on May 28, and the deal was expected to close shortly thereafter. On May 31, 2013, escrow was closed on the sale of the Kings to the Ranadivé-led ownership group. The transaction valuation of $534 million set a new NBA record. From the start of his tenure as owner, Ranadivé set about applying concepts of big data and social networking to strengthen the Kings' fanbase.
TopCom.
At the 2012 World Economic Forum in Davos, Ranadivé, along with WEF's founder and chairman Klaus Schwab, launched TopCom, a private social network for world leaders. Ranadivé's goal is to "unlock the collective wisdom of the world's best and brightest" with TopCom, which is a highly-secure version of TIBCO's social networking platform tibbr. Users of the network, which has been described as a combination Facebook, Twitter, e-mail, texting and Skype, can hold group video conferences, ask questions and discuss ways to solve world issues.
Works.
In 1999, Ranadivé published "The Power of Now" with a foreword by Sun Microsystems co-founder Scott McNealy which details how winning companies sense and respond to change using real-time technology. The book was a New York Times bestseller.
In 2006, Ranadivé published "The Power to Predict" with a foreword from FedEx founder Frederick W. Smith which explores how companies can break new ground in their quest to anticipate customers' needs, capture new opportunities, and predict and avoid problems. The book was an international bestseller and was profiled in "Forbes", Harvard Business School and "The Wall Street Journal"'s SmartMoney.
In 2011, Ranadivé published "The Two-Second Advantage: How We Succeed by Anticipating the Future–Just Enough", which reveals how our understanding of human mastery is being applied to the way computers "think." The book was a "New York Times", "Wall Street Journal" and "USA Today" bestseller and was reviewed positively by David Stern and Marc Andreessen.
Personal life.
Ranadivé has three children: Aneel, Andre and Anjali. He enjoys playing golf, cycling, tennis, hiking, and has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do. Ranadivé, along with TIBCO's director of business development, former NFL running back Roger Craig, used to coach his daughter's national runner-up junior basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="19719919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719919" title="Schönbüel">
Schönbüel

Schönbüel is a prominence east of the Höch Gumme in the Bernese Alps. It can be accessed by cable car from Lungern.

</doc>
<doc id="19719935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719935" title="Pomeranian State Museum">
Pomeranian State Museum

The Pomeranian State Museum () in Greifswald, Western Pomerania, is a public museum primarily dedicated to Pomeranian history and arts. The largest exhibitions show archeological findings and artefacts from the Pomerania region and paintings, e.g. of Caspar David Friedrich, who was a Greifswald local. The museum was established in the years of 1998 to 2005 at the site of the historical Franziskaner abbey. 
Near Binz on the nearby isle of Rügen, a satellite of the museum is under construction at "Jagdschloss Granitz", a former hunting lodge of the Rugian princes. This branch will be designated to Rugian history.
An early 20th century museum in Stettin, then capital of the Province of Pomerania, was the "Provinzialmuseum pommerscher Altertümer", which was also named "Pommersches Landesmuseum" (Pomerania State Museum) since 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19719994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19719994" title="Heinrich Bandlow">
Heinrich Bandlow

Heinrich Bandlow (* April 14, 1855 in Tribsees, † August 25, 1933 in Greifswald) was a Pomeranian author, writing in Standard as well as in Low German. For his Low German works he is known as "Pomeranian Reuter", which is a reference to his Mecklenburgian counterpart, Fritz Reuter.
Life.
Heinrich Bandlow was born on April 14, 1855 in Tribsees. From 1872 to 1875, he was a student at the Franzburg college, where he became a teacher. From 1875 to 1877 he taught at the Richtenberg school before he returned to Tribsees, where he worked at the local school from 1877 until 1907. After a two years special education in Berlin, he moved to Greifswald with his family where he worked as an art teacher until he retired in 1916. Bandlow married his wife in 1879, and with her he had six children. Tribsees made Bandlow a "citizen of honor".
Bandlow as an author.
Bandlow has been writing poems, fairy tales, lyrics and fiction since he was a young man. Because of his low salaries as a teacher and his growing family, he was in constant need of money. His first publications were in paper columns. Later, 34 books of Bandlow were published.

</doc>
<doc id="19720005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720005" title="Wissigstock">
Wissigstock

The Wissigstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps. It lies on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Uri. The closest locality is Engelberg on the west side.

</doc>
<doc id="19720007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720007" title="Mike Hill (bishop)">
Mike Hill (bishop)

Michael Arthur "Mike" Hill (born 17 April 1949) is an English Anglican bishop. He is the current Bishop of Bristol.
The son of Arthur and Hilda Hill, Hill was educated at Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge and at Ridley Hall, Cambridge. From 1977 to 1980 he was curate of St Mary Magdalene's Addiscombe and, from 1980 to 1983, of St Paul's Slough. From 1983 to 1990 he was priest in charge of St Leonard's Chesham Bois. In 1990 he became Rural Dean of Amersham and the Archdeacon of Berkshire in 1992. From 1998 to 2003 he was the suffragan Bishop of Buckingham. Since 2003 he has been the 56th Bishop of Bristol.
In December 2012 he became Chair of the Wycliffe Hall Council following a turbulent period in the Hall's history.

</doc>
<doc id="19720016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720016" title="The Family (club)">
The Family (club)

The Family is a private club in San Francisco, California, formed in 1901 by newspapermen who left the Bohemian Club. The club maintains a clubhouse in the city as well as rural property 35 miles to the south in Woodside.
An exclusive, invitation only, all-male club, it calls new members "Babies", regular members "Children" and the club president "Father". The club rules forbid the use of its facilities or services for the purposes of trade or business. Furthermore, each member must certify that he will not deduct any part of club payments as business expenses for federal or state income tax purposes. The Family sponsors charity projects such as a hospital in Guatemala.
History.
The Bohemian Club was formed by and for journalists, and included a number who worked for the San Francisco Examiner and other papers owned by William Randolph Hearst. In 1901, Ambrose Bierce wrote a poem that seemed to predict or even call for President William McKinley's death by an assassin's bullet, and the Hearst chain ran the piece. When McKinley was assassinated shortly thereafter, opponents of Hearst created a furor over the poem's publication, ending Hearst's ambitions for the US presidency and causing the Hearst newsmen to resign from the Bohemian Club in protest over the Bohemian Club's banning of Hearst newspapers from the premises. A group of 14 reporters, editors, and other resigned members formed their own club and called it "The Family".
Early public activities by the club included the sponsoring of a horse race called the "Family Club Handicap" held in Oakland in 1904. A racehorse named "Fossil" took first place, receiving a silver cup from the Family as well as US$1,000 from the California Jockey Club.
The Family clubhouse was originally located at 228 Post Street, but the building was lost two days after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake in the subsequent calamitous fire, though not before serving as temporary rest station and meal place for earthquake victims such as the bereft Conreid Metropolitan Opera Company. The club rebuilt at the corner of Powell and Bush Streets, and still conducts meetings at this site two blocks from the peak of Nob Hill.
The Family's clubhouse has served as a venue for musical events such as an annual benefit for San Francisco Sinfonietta as well as black-tie dinner lectures by various experts and personages such as Stanlee Gatti speaking to benefit horticultural programs and Charles M. Schulz appearing to promote the Cartoon Art Museum.
The Family Farm.
The Family conducts annual social events among the redwood and oak trees and open meadows at its rural property on the San Francisco peninsula. The Family Farm entrance is at 1400 Portola Road in Woodside.
In 1909, Family club members decided upon the Woodside location for their rural getaways. While summering there in 1912, club members of a variety of religious backgrounds including Judaism, Protestantism and Catholicism pooled their resources to build a Catholic church in nearby Portola Valley: Our Lady of the Wayside Church. Architect member James R. Miller assigned the design of the church to a promising young draftsman at his firm, Timothy L. Pflueger. This was Pflueger's first architectural commission, and was the start of his interaction with the Family. Pflueger would soon join the Family to become a member in good standing.
An annual "Flight Play", as well as a number of other stage and musical performances, are written and performed by club members. Plays aren't published or performed beyond the privacy of the club, and all original written materials are the sole property of the Club. One handwritten musical score, "Thine Enemy", composed by Meredith Willson for the 1937 Flight Play 20 years before "The Music Man" was staged on Broadway, will be donated by The Family to a museum in the composer's birthplace, Mason City, Iowa. Diego Rivera and José Clemente Orozco were guests of Timothy Pflueger's at the Farm in 1930. The two leftist Mexican muralists argued forcefully with one another about art during one visit.

</doc>
<doc id="19720031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720031" title="Rumangabo">
Rumangabo

Rumangabo is a military base of the Military of the Democratic Republic of the Congo located north of Goma in Nord-Kivu province. Three and a half kilometres south of the military base is the headquarters of the Virunga National Park.
On October 7, 2008, it was captured from the Congolese Army by members of Laurent Nkunda's faction, the National Congress for the Defense of the People. On the 10th, Nkunda's forces were persuaded by MONUC to withdraw from the military base. The fighting severely threatened the lives of the rangers at the nearby park station.
Again on October 26, it was again captured by rebels. They are further advancing both in north and south axis toward Rutshuru and Goma.
At Mobutu Time, the strategic base of Rumangabo was occupied by the 411th Chinese trained commandos of the 41st Bde Cdo. It was among the harder strongholds that AFDL troops under Kabila and Supported by Rwanda faced prior to advancing through the DRC. I quit recall that the Rumangabo based unit was among the Zairian Troops that, earlier 1984 went to defend the Tchad Auzi strip, against Ghadaffi's troops. Further some of the "Kadogo" of the AFDL confirmed that thosed elements were strong enough. "Kadogo=Child Soldier"

</doc>
<doc id="19720039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720039" title="New Horizon Christian Academy">
New Horizon Christian Academy

New Horizon Christian Academy is an all-boy residential treatment center, located in Flagstaff, Arizona, USA, where twelve young men, between the ages of 12-17, live at any one time. It was established in 2002. The CEO is Daniel Williamson.
The boys who join the program are those who usually struggling with drugs, alcohol, sex, and tobacco. Some students, however, come to restore relationships with their family or to learn how to control their anger. The school has a rigorous schedule that includes memorizing portions of the Bible and community service.
The school became a member of Teen Challenge of Arizona, an evangelical Christian recovery program, on July 1, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19720040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720040" title="Engelberger Rotstock">
Engelberger Rotstock

The Engelberger Rotstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking Engelberg. It lies on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Uri.

</doc>
<doc id="19720075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720075" title="Ruchstock">
Ruchstock

The Ruchstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps in Central Switzerland. Near its summit is located the tripoint between the cantons of Nidwalden, Uri and Obwalden. The summit itself (2,814 metres) is on the border between Nidwalden and Uri.
The closest localities are Oberrickenbach and Engelberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19720084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720084" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 23">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 23

The 23rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19720130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720130" title="Gross Walenstock">
Gross Walenstock

The Gross Walenstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland. On its northern side it overlooks the Bannalpsee.
The Gross Walenstock is part of the group named "Walenstöcke". 
The closest localities are Oberrickenbach (Nidwalden) and Engelberg (Obwalden).

</doc>
<doc id="19720139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720139" title="AFIL">
AFIL

AFIL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19720170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720170" title="Wyra">
Wyra

Wyra is a town and mandal headquarters in Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is located at a distance of 25 km from the district headquarters, Khammam.
Wyra got its name from a demon named Wyragyudu who was killed by Lord Rama.
Demography.
Wyra has an approximate population of 112,205 according to 2001 census. Among them males constitutes 57,984 and females 54,221. The average literacy rate is 60.59%; which in males is 70.20% and female 50.73%. Wyra is famous for agriculture.
Overview.
The town is located on the state highway that passes between Khammam and other major cities of the district (such as Kothagudem, Bhadrachalam and Madhira). This stretch of the highway is an important connector between the district headquarters and the rest of the cities in the district.
The town's location and its strategic importance as a junction point has been helpful for the development of its local economy.
The town is famous for "Lord Ayyappa Temple" located on the highway between Wyra and Khammam.
There are other famous temples such as "Lord Rama Temple" near the old bus stand center. The 48 ft statue of Hanuman located in Ayyappa temple is the Asia's second largest Hanuman statue.
Wyra reservoir.
Wyra reservoir is located next to the town. It is one of the tourist attractions in Khammam district. This Wyra reservoir was dug in 1929, and inaugurated by Dr. Sarvepalli Radha krishnan president of India at that time. It provides drinking water to eight mandalas around Wyra. Besides, hundreds of hectares of land is cultivated using water from Wyra reservoir. It is also well known for its good fishing and the green hills around it.
Wyra Reservoir is a medium irrigation project that covers 9,308 hectares for irrigation.
There is a future proposal for "water sports" at this reservoir.It servers nearly 535 villages with drinking water.
Politics.
New Assembly constituency.
According to the recent revision of "Assembly Segments" in the state of Andhra Pradesh, Wyra has been alloted a new Assembly Segment (was a part of "Madhira" assembly segment until 2004 State Elections). This is reserved for a ST quota candidature.
Villages in Wyra Mandal.
One of the biggest villages in the mandal and providing basic amenities for the nearby villagers, like High school,Hospital etc.
Gollenapdu
Gollenapadu is small village having 2000-2500 people,and its having distance 3 km from main road Gollapudi.
Gollenapdu having full of mango cultivation
This also one of the biggest villages in Wyra mandal and providing basic amenities for the nearby villagers, like High school,Hospital etc. It is located on the way between the Wyra and Nemali having distance 7 km from Wyra. The village's location and its strategic importance as a junction point for Punyapuram and Lakshmipuram.
The village is famous for Newly constructed "Lord Venkateswara Temple" located on the main road between Wyra and Nemali. There is other famous temple "Lord Hunman Temple" in middle of the village. 

</doc>
<doc id="19720172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720172" title="Rigidalstock">
Rigidalstock

The Rigidalstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland. It lies south of the Gross Walenstock.
The closest locality is Engelberg on its southern side.

</doc>
<doc id="19720176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720176" title="Mother Warriors">
Mother Warriors

Mother Warriors: A Nation of Parents Healing Autism Against All Odds is the fifth book published by "New York Times" bestselling author, activist and television personality Jenny McCarthy. Her previous book, "Louder Than Words", reached #3 on the "New York Times" bestseller list, and has more than 200,000 hardcovers in print after 5 printings. Many of McCarthy's assertions within the book, such as that she cured her son's autism and the benefits of chelation are highly disputed within the medical and scientific community, as chelation therapy has been fatal in at least one instance. The foreword was written by her son's pediatrician, Dr. Jay Gordon.
Summary.
The book shares the personal stories of several families fighting autism. These stories focus on alternative autism therapies that they try to heal their children, as well as McCarthy's own reminiscing about her autistic child and her outspoken and contentious activism. The book includes the daughter of the founder of Autism Speaks, who claims to have changed her son's diet and improved his autism despite conspiratorial resistance from the organization, which, the book claims, until recently, rejected research into biomedical treatments; a mother who is claimed "healed" her son of his autism while taking on breast cancer; a father whose son was officially undiagnosed after allegedly under-going treatment for a laundry list of debilitating autism symptoms and regressions; and a sixty-year-old woman who made attempts to fight to save her son (now thirty) in the 1980s, the book exclaims that she paved the way for the parents of today. The book also features a list of controversial autism resources and a directory of DAN! (Defeat Autism Now!) doctors who are sympathetic to the widely discredited theory that autism is caused by mercury in vaccines.

</doc>
<doc id="19720217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720217" title="Ursell">
Ursell

Ursell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19720220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720220" title="Richard Weening">
Richard Weening

Richard Weening (born December 24, 1945) is an American entrepreneur and venture capitalist.
Biography.
Richard Weening was born in San Bernardino, California, the son of Richard W. Weening a Friesian immigrant dairy farmer and Alice Louise Young, from Mattoon, Illinois, whose family came to America in 1620 on the Mayflower. He graduated from Thomas Aquinas High School in 1963, where he was President of the Student Body. He obtained a BA degree from St. John’s University. He was an aide to a U.S. Congressman, Chief of Staff to a Governor of Wisconsin and later the founder of several privately held and public technology and media companies. Weening was married in 1968 to Elizabeth Halmbacher, They divorced in 1972. He and Elizabeth had two daughters, Max Airborne and Mia Lynn Weening, who reside in San Francisco, CA. In 1981, Weening married Deborah Ann Gardner and they divorced in 1985. In 1990 Weening married Robin Lorraine Woodard. They divorced in 2008. Weening is currently CEO of QUAESTUS & Co., Inc., a private equity fund management company and Chairman and CEO of Prolitec Inc., an indoor air quality and environmental services technology company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Weening resides in Seattle, Washington and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Public service.
From 1968 to 1970 Weening served as a Legislative Assistant to U.S. Congressman Henry S. Reuss (D-Wis). During this time, as a Reuss aide, Weening helped to start Northside Citizens Neighborhood Conservation Corporation, a not-for-profit low income housing development organization in Milwaukee to serve as a pilot demonstration of the Fair Housing Act of 1968 which Reuss and others had authored. He left Reuss in 1970 to run the gubernatorial campaign of Patrick J. Lucey and served as Governor Lucey's Chief of Staff until 1972. In 1972 he left the governor’s office to become National Political Director for New York Mayor John V. Lindsay’s bid for the Democratic Presidential Nomination. Lindsey withdrew following his defeat in the Wisconsin primary. He subsequently served as Chairman of the Milwaukee Board of Harbor Commissioners from 1973 to 1984.
Business career.
In 1972, Weening founded Advanced Learning Concepts Inc., to develop and publish teaching materials and programs for developmentally disabled children based on early childhood research work of the Waisman Center University of Wisconsin–Madison. In 1974, Advanced Learning Concepts changed its name to Raintree Publishers and expanded into general educational publishing of non-fiction information and reference books for children in kindergarten to 12th grade. Weening served as President and Publisher from 1972 to 1985. 
In 1977, Raintree formed Macdonald-Raintree, a joint venture with UK printer and publisher BPC Ltd. Weening served as CEO. In August 1980, British Publishing magnate Robert Maxwell made a hostile takeover bid for Raintree's partner BPC. In collaboration with several British financial institutions and business leaders including Hambros Bank and Electra Investment Trust and Rupert Murdoch, Weening led a “white knight” effort to fight off Maxwell and, with the support of BPC's Chairman, gain control of BPC British Printing Corporation and its Macdonald Publishing Group. Weening's effort did not succeed and Maxwell won the takeover battle but later lost control after being accused of looting the pension funds of his various companies. In lawsuits which lasted 10 years, Weening and Maxwell fought over Maxwell’s alleged mismanagement of British Printing Corporation and Raintree's alleged mismanagement of Macdonald-Raintreer. The dispute was resolved shortly after Maxwell was found dead in the sea near the Canary Islands in a presumed accidental fall from his yacht.
In 1981 Raintree acquired magazine publisher AgriData Resources (including "FarmFutures" magazine). Weening served as CEO and Publisher until it was sold in 1989. Meanwhile, in 1983 Weening started AgriData Network, one of the first commercial online information services, which made a public offering in 1987 and continues today as ARI Network Services (ARIS:OB). Weening served as a Director until 2008. In 1984 Weening founded Caribbean Communications Company, an FM radio network in the English-speaking Caribbean headquartered in Montserrat. GEM Radio 93.9 went on the air May 15, 1984. In 1989, following the sale of AgriData Resources to ABC Publishing, Weening founded QUAESTUS & Co., Inc, a private venture capital firm which specializes in start-up companies.
In 1993 QUAESTUS acquired another online services company Connect Inc. and converted it into an enterprise software company that built the first e-commerce platform for business. Connect did an initial public offering in 1995 (formerly NASDAQ:CNCT) and was later acquired by another e-commerce company. In 1996, QUAESTUS funded the start-up of Cumulus Media (NASDAQ:CMLS), a radio broadcasting company which completed an initial public offering in 1998 and by the end of 1999 owned and operated 260 stations in 48 US cities. Among the company’s early acquisitions was Caribbean Communications Company. Weening served as Cumulus’ Executive Chairman from 1996 to 2000. He served as a member of the Cumulus board of directors until 2002.
In 2001 the Security and Exchange Commission accused Weening of attempting to improve the 1999 fourth quarter earnings of Cumulus by reducing a part of his 1999 compensation. Though the proposed refund was never implemented, the SEC believed the proposal was an effort to manage earnings and threatened to file a civil lawsuit. Weening avoided the lawsuit by paying a $75,000 fine without admitting or denying guilt.
In 2003, a fund managed by QUAESTUS acquired Prolitec SA, a French technology company. The Company relocated from France to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and operates as Prolitec Inc., a provider of indoor air quality and environmental services including ambient scenting, odor control and infection control systems. Weening is Chairman and CEO of Prolitec and Manager of its Aerobiology and Infection Control business unit. Weening resides in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="19720235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720235" title="Michel Mandjes">
Michel Mandjes

Michael Robertus Hendrikus "Michel" Mandjes (born 14 February 1970 in Zaandam) is a Dutch mathematician, known for several contributions to queueing theory and applied probability theory. His research interests include queueing models for telecommunications,
traffic management and analysis, and network economics.
From August 2004 he holds a full-professorship (Applied Probability and Queueing Theory) at the University of Amsterdam (Korteweg-de Vries Institute). From September 2004 he is advisor of the "Queueing and Performance Analysis" theme at EURANDOM, Eindhoven.
He is author of the book "Large deviations for Gaussian queues", and is associate editor of the journals Stochastic Models and Queuing Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19720237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720237" title="Hahnen">
Hahnen

The Hahnen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, overlooking Engelberg in the Swiss canton of Obwalden. It has an elevation of 2,606 metres above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="19720239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720239" title="Hyde Park Picture House, Leeds">
Hyde Park Picture House, Leeds

Hyde Park Picture House in the Hyde Park area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, was originally built as a hotel in 1908 and converted to a cinema in 1914. It is an example of an Edwardian venue and one of the few surviving picture palaces in the United Kingdom.
As a Grade II listed building, the Hyde Park still boasts many original features including gas lighting and a decorated Edwardian balcony. The cinema has a piano and organ. It is the only gas lit cinema remaining in use in the UK. The ornate gas lamp outside the entrance is also Grade II listed.
With its classic façade and atmosphere, the Hyde Park Picture House has been through many changes in its long history. It is now home to a mix of art house and mainstream films, backed up by screenings of classics.
Its distinctive exterior led to it being used as a backdrop in one of the scenes from feature length TV drama A Is for Acid

</doc>
<doc id="19720261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720261" title="Amoc (rapper)">
Amoc (rapper)

Amoc (Mikkâl Antti Morottaja) (born 1984 in Inari, Finland) is a Finnish rap musician. He is noted for rapping in the nearly extinct language of Inari Sámi.
His stage name is an acronym for Aanaar Master of the Ceremony.
He was named Finland's Young European of 2007.
Biography.
Amoc is of ethnic Finnish as well as Sámi descent. In addition to rapping in Inari Sámi, Amoc has also taught the language at various times at schools in Inari. He also studied filmmaking at Inari.
His father is Matti Morottaja, a prominent author, social activist and politician in the Inari Sámi community who is focused on preserving their language and identity.

</doc>
<doc id="19720270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720270" title="Wissberg">
Wissberg

The Wissberg is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located east of Engelberg in Central Switzerland. Its summit lies on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Uri.

</doc>
<doc id="19720275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720275" title="Fungal biochemical tests">
Fungal biochemical tests

The following are some systems currently being used for the identification of yeasts:

</doc>
<doc id="19720276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720276" title="Hippopotamus creutzburgi">
Hippopotamus creutzburgi

Hippopotamus creutzburgi is an extinct species of hippopotamus which lived on the island of Crete. "Hippopopotamus" colonized Crete probably 800,000 years ago and lived there during the Middle Pleistocene. Bones of "H. creutzburgi" were found by Dorothea Bate on the Katharo plateau, in eastern Crete, in the 1920s.
A similar species, the Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus ("Hippopotamus minor") lived on the island of Cyprus until the Holocene. It was at least 20% smaller than either species of Cretan hippo.

</doc>
<doc id="19720288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720288" title="Édouard Joly">
Édouard Joly

Édouard Joly, born in Burgundy in 1898, deceased in 1982 was a French aeroplane designer best known for his work with Jean Délémontez on the Jodel range of light aircraft.
Biography.
It returns as of 14 years in a company of sale and repair of farm equipment. During First World War, it will be mobilized as mechanic of aviation with Avord then with Dijon. At the end of the war, it returns to its company of which he will become the owner. Its interest for aviation will push it, in 1932 with becoming one of the founder members of the aero club beaunois; it then builds several sailplanes, and had, including one Flying Flea. In 1946, it joins his son-in-law Jean Délémontez to found the company Jodel of study, construction and repair of air materials. They will design the line of the planes Jodel and Robin which will be manufactured with more than 6,000 specimens since more than 50 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19720297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720297" title="McLaren MP4-16">
McLaren MP4-16

The McLaren MP4-16 was the car with which the McLaren team competed in the 2001 Formula One season. It was driven by double world champion Mika Häkkinen and David Coulthard in what would be their sixth and final season together as McLaren team-mates.
After being narrowly pipped to both titles in by Ferrari, the aim of 2001 was to get McLaren back on top. However, the season proved to be frustrating in more ways than one. The chassis was good, but it was not developed enough to keep pace with Ferrari or new rivals Williams and also suffered from niggling aerodynamic problems; the Mercedes-Benz engines were less powerful than Williams' BMW units but less reliable than Ferrari's in-house efforts; and the team did not do a good enough job regarding the return of electronic driver aids.
Moreover, Häkkinen had his least successful season since , suffering both from appalling luck and a loss of form at many races. Despite winning two Grands Prix, he elected to retire at the end of the season, and would be replaced by compatriot Kimi Räikkönen. Coulthard, by contrast, produced the best season of his career to date, winning two races early on and mounting a championship challenge to Michael Schumacher. However, McLaren lost this early parity with Ferrari and he was fortunate to keep second place in the Drivers' Championship ahead of Ferrari's number two, Rubens Barrichello.
Similarly, the team regarded themselves as fortunate to come second in the Constructors' Championship, with 102 points, ahead of the resurgent Williams team.
Complete Formula One results.
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position; results in "italics" indicate fastest lap) 

</doc>
<doc id="19720326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720326" title="Huetstock">
Huetstock

The Huetstock (also known as "Wild Geissberg") is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland. It is located between the valleys of Melchtal and Engelberg, just north of the Rotsandnollen.

</doc>
<doc id="19720332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720332" title="Bowdon railway station">
Bowdon railway station

Bowdon railway station served the district of Bowdon, Cheshire (now Greater Manchester), between 1849 and 1881.
The station was built by the Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham Railway (MSJ&AR), and opened on 22 September 1849, the same day that a short southerly extension to the MSJ&AR line to reach Bowdon was completed from the original Altrincham station of 20 July 1849. 
Bowdon station was located on Lloyd Street/Railway Street in Altrincham, near to the boundary with Bowdon. A service of steam-hauled trains ran via Sale station to Manchester Oxford Road. The station served the locality until 3 April 1881, when both it and the first Altrincham station were closed, replaced by the new large facility named Altrincham and Bowdon, situated between the two former stations.
From 1931 the former Bowdon station site became the repair shop and depot for the electric trains of the newly electrified MSJ&AR. The depot closed in 1971, and the site was used for the next 30 years as a car park. The site was redeveloped in the early 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="19720343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720343" title="Guri i Kuq">
Guri i Kuq

Guri i Kuq ( or "Guri i Verdhë"; , "Žuti kamen", literally: "Yellow Stone") is a mountain in the Prokletije in Kosovo. Reaching a height of high, it is one of the highest mountains in the range. North of the mountain is the Rugova Canyon. The Kopranik mountain are located just east of Žuti kamen. There is a lake near the summit of the mountain, the Guri i Kuq Lake.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19720355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720355" title="Ralph Willett Miller">
Ralph Willett Miller

Ralph Willett Miller (24 January 1762 – 14 May 1799) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the American Revolutionary and the French Revolutionary Wars, eventually rising to the rank of Captain. He was one of Vice-Admiral Horatio Nelson's Band of Brothers at the Battle of the Nile in 1798.
Family and early life.
Miller was born on 24 January 1762, the son of an American loyalist. His family's allegiance during the American Revolution caused the loss of their property and possessions. Miller was sent to England and entered the navy in 1778, serving aboard with the fleet under Rear-Admiral James Gambier. He later served during the war as part of fleets under Samuel Barrington, George Rodney, Samuel Hood and Thomas Graves. He fought in a number of engagements, and was wounded three times. He served under Commodore William Hotham, and after the Battle of Fort Royal, Miller was promoted by Rodney to be lieutenant aboard . He was present at the Battle of the Chesapeake on 5 September 1781, during which the "Terrible" was badly damaged, and later scuttled. Miller returned to the West Indies with Hood, and from there he went to England, arriving in late 1782, and by 20 December he was serving aboard .
French Revolutionary Wars.
By the outbreak of the wars with revolutionary France Miller was aboard the 98-gun second rate in the Mediterranean. After the end of the Siege of Toulon, Sir Sidney Smith placed Miller in charge of destroying the French ships and the arsenal. After the British withdrawal, Hood moved him to , where Miller distinguished himself leading actions against the French held towns on Corsica. He volunteered to lead an assault on the French ships moored at Golfe Jouan, and was appointed to command "Poulette" and ordered to fit her as fireship, with the intention of firing the fleet. He eventually made five attempts to take her into the anchorage, but the wind prevented him on each occasion. He was assigned to command HMS "Mignonne" on 12 January 1796, but the commander in chief, Sir John Jervis instead moved him to .
Jervis assigned Miller to the Adriatic, but on the arrival of Commodore Horatio Nelson, Miller became Nelson's flag captain aboard . Miller commanded "Captain" at the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February 1797. He followed Nelson aboard in May 1797, and was with him during his time with the inshore squadron. He participated in the assault on Cadiz in June, and was involved in the unsuccessful Battle of Santa Cruz de Tenerife in July, Miller leading the landing parties from "Theseus".
Miller and the "Theseus" were assigned to sail under Nelson, by now aboard . Miller was therefore present at the Battle of the Nile on 1 August, where he was wounded in the face, and was afterwards sent to Gibraltar with Captain Sir James Saumarez, in command of the captured French prizes. Miller and the "Theseus" returned to the Eastern Mediterranean in December, now acting as part of Sir Sidney Smith's fleet. He supported Smith at the Siege of Acre, and bombarded French positions between Acre and Jaffa.
Death.
News had reached Smith that a number of French frigates were preparing to sail from Alexandria to Jaffa to deliver stores and weapons for the French army. Smith ordered Miller to intercept them. Miller was preparing his ship to depart when an unknown accident occurred. Lieutenant England wrote in a report to Sir Sidney Smith It is with extreme concern I have to acquaint you, that yesterday morning, at half-past nine o'clock, twenty 36-howitzer shells, and fifty 18-pounder shells, had been got up and prepared ready for service by Captain Miller's order...when in an instant...the whole was on fire and a dreadful explosion took place. The ship was severely damaged, her aft part almost totally destroyed and the rest on fire. The crew fought the fire and were able to save the ship, but as Lieutenant England reported Our loss from the explosion, I here lament, has been very great; and Captain Miller, I am sorry to add, is of the number killed, which amount to 20; drowned, 9; and 45 wounded.
Nelson wrote on learning of Miller's death that he is not only a most excellent and gallant officer, but the only truly virtuous man that I ever saw. Another of Nelson's band of brothers who had fought at the Nile, Edward Berry, suggested that a memorial to Miller be created. Nelson supported the proposal, and one was sculpted by John Flaxman, and installed in St Paul's Cathedral. Miller left a widow and two young daughters. The government awarded his family a pension of £100 a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19720363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720363" title="Kemezung language">
Kemezung language

Kemezung ("Dumbo, Dumbu, Dzumbo, Kumaju") is a Southern Bantoid (Eastern Beboid) language of Cameroon. According to "Ethnologue", it's 85% lexically similar to Bebe.

</doc>
<doc id="19720364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720364" title="Vámonos Pa'l Río">
Vámonos Pa'l Río

"Vámonos Pa'l Río" (Eng.: "Let's Go To The River") is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Los Pikadientes de Caborca. This album became their first number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. It received a nomination for Best Regional Mexican Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
Track listing.
The track listing from Billboard.com

</doc>
<doc id="19720413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720413" title="Shahin's invasion of Asia Minor (615)">
Shahin's invasion of Asia Minor (615)

In 615, during the ongoing war with the East Roman (Byzantine) Empire, the Sassanid Persian army under spahbod Shahin invaded Asia Minor and reached Chalcedon, across the Bosporus from Constantinople. The Sassanids had already captured Roman Syria and Palestine in the previous year. After negotiations with Byzantine Emperor Heraclius, a Byzantine ambassador was sent to Persian Shahanshah Khosrau II, and Shahin withdrew again to Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="19720427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720427" title="1929–30 Prima Divisione">
1929–30 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1929–1930 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. The winners of the four groups of First Division would be promoted to Serie B, whereas the scheduled relegations were annulled by the Federation which expanded the division.
Northern division.
Girone A.
Lucchese was promoted to Serie B 1930-31.
Final table was compiled by Direttorio Divisioni Superiori (D.D.S.) just by points and published by the sports newspaper Il Littoriale on Saturday June 14 page 6 in report no. 40 dated June 11 just indicating: Corniglianese and Astigiani retired.
Southern division.
Results.
Udinese is crowned national champion of Prima Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="19720438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720438" title="Altes Lager (Menzlin)">
Altes Lager (Menzlin)

Altes Lager (German for "Old Camp") is a site south of the village of Menzlin near Anklam, Western Pomerania, Germany. The site, on the banks of the river Peene, was an important Viking trading-post during the Viking Age. At that time, Pomerania was inhabited by Slavic Wends, yet several Viking trading-posts were set up along the coast (the nearest were Ralswiek to the West and Jomsborg/Wollin to the east).
The settlement covered an area of approximately 18 hectares in the 9th century. Remnants of a bridge and a cemetery have been excavated. Some artifacts found in the graves originated in Ireland and in the lands east of the Baltic. Following Scandinavian customs, the dead were buried either in stone ships, i.e. ship-like graves, or within stone circles. The graves excavated so far have been found to be the tombs of women. Most findings date back to the 9th and 10th centuries.
Name.
The ancient name of the site is unknown. "Altes Lager", the current name, dates back to Friedrich Wilhelm I of Brandenburg's 1676 siege of Anklam.

</doc>
<doc id="19720448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720448" title="Fronalpstock (Glarus)">
Fronalpstock (Glarus)

The Fronalpstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located east of Glarus in the canton of Glarus.

</doc>
<doc id="19720483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720483" title="Canada's Worst Driver 4">
Canada's Worst Driver 4

"Canada's Worst Driver 4" is the fourth season of "Canada's Worst Driver", a Discovery Channel Canada television series which seeks to improve the driving of eight nominated contestants, each of which trying to avoid being named Canada's Worst Driver.
Like previous series, each contestant is nominated by a loved one, and are taken to the Driver Rehabilitation Centre, located this year at an abandoned correctional facility in Guelph, Ontario. At the rehabilitation centre, each contestant is taught key driving skills, and are tested in various challenges, with three challenges to an episode. Before each challenge, host Andrew Younghusband performs each challenge to demonstrate that they are doable without error by an average driver. The first episode, where the contestants must drive to the Driver Rehabilitation Centre from a location an hour's drive away in the traditional first challenge, serves as a skills evaluation. Starting with the second episode, and at the end of every episode thereafter, the experts and Andrew decide on which of the remaining contestants have been sufficiently rehabilitated to be let go onto public roads. This continues until three contestants remain, where two traditional final challenges (a "mega-challenge" with elements of previous challenges, as well as a road test through public streets) determine who is named Canada's Worst Driver. Though normally one contestant leaves in every episode, the experts may, at their discretion, refuse to allow anyone to graduate, or conversely graduate more than one contestant in an episode. In extreme circumstances, the experts may also choose to expel a contestant with no intention of improving their driving skills.
This year, like the previous season, roughly half of the challenges are new to the series (though some are inspired by challenges seen in previous years), while the other half, such as the initial drive to the Driver Rehabilitation Centre, the Eye of the Needle, the Water-Tank Challenge, the Mega-Challenge, and the series-ending road test, are returning from previous seasons. However, the challenges this season are more specifically tuned for the individual contestants than in previous years, to better address driving issues specific to each contestant. For this year, a fleet of brand-new luxury cars have been commissioned for some of the challenges.
Judges.
Three judges return from "Canada's Worst Driver 3", though Scott Marshall, head instructor for the first three seasons, is not among them.
Synopsis.
Episode 1: Guilty as Charged.
Original airdate: October 27, 2008
Before the episode draws to a close, Cam takes Donna, Teagan, Ken, and Ashley aside for a tour of the prison, and explain to them that their actions that had led them to their nomination and arrival at the Driver Rehabilitation Centre could have caused them to be sentenced to prison time. Donna for Drinking and Driving, Teagan for Hit and Runs, Ken and Ashley for their Street Racing on their way to the Rehabilitation Centre. Each of these four, in turn, are locked in a cell for a few minutes—long enough for all four to break down. Because this is the first episode and the contestants have just arrived, no one leaves the Driver Rehabilitation Centre.
Episode 2: Big Manoeuvres.
Original airdate: November 3, 2008
Having arrived at the Driver Rehabilitation Centre, the lessons and challenges begin in earnest. The lessons begin with a how-to on large vehicle handling.
The vision tests reveal that, indeed, Emily has the worst vision among the contestants, with poor eyesight out of the right eye (which will require wearing glasses while driving). Ken, however, is also discovered to be colour-blind. When the judges convene, Curt and Amy make the short list—Amy because she showed no signs of breaking down, and Curt because when not distracted, he could be very competent. Andrew believes that if Curt was to be let go, he could have small minor accidents moving forward, yet if he let Amy go, he believes she could be in for a big accident. Because of this, he declares Curt the first graduate of the season.
Episode 3: The Urge to Merge.
Original airdate: November 10, 2008
In this episode, the experts decide to address the contestants' difficulty with regards to merging into traffic.
At the end, Emily admits to needing more rehab, while Amy, Teagan, and Donna are told that they will not graduate this episode. The experts and Andrew are deadlocked, though: Dan and Cam are willing to overlook Ashley's parking brake incident, while Ken has taken rehabilitation to heart (even admitting that he is doing this for his quadriplegic wife), which, in Dr. Gembora's and Phillipe's eyes makes him the best driver. Andrew, however, places his vote behind Lindsay, but is pressured by the experts to change his vote and break the tie between Ken and Ashley. Thus, Andrew chooses Ken to be the next graduate.
Episode 4: Shifty Manoeuvres.
Original airdate: November 17, 2008
The focus of this episode is driving manual transmission vehicles, and each contestant is given lessons on how to drive stick-shift. Manual transmission cars will be used throughout this episode.
Instead of Donna's run, Andrew discusses Donna's driving problems, at one point, taking her back to the scene of her out-of-control spinout from the ice-braking challenge. Donna is taken to the courtroom (the experts are not present) and shown video replays of her performances in the challenges thus far, and Andrew indicates that as far as the show is concerned, she should not drive. Donna, however, replies she intends to keep driving, only slower; surprisingly, Claude, despite having nominated her out of safety concerns, shares her resolve. Afterwards, Andrew and the panel agree that rather than graduate anyone, Donna will be sent home in what Andrew terms an "anti-graduation". Andrew returns Donna her licence, she is taken away by limo, and is last heard repeating she plans to keep driving, but slower. Andrew, in narration, indicates that Donna's licence was up for review by the province of Ontario, and that after leaving the show, Donna sent them an e-mail stating "I'm going to lose my licence thanks to your damn show." (Whether she actually did lose her licence is not stated, though it's heavily implied she did).
Episode 5: A Turn For the Worst.
Original airdate: November 24, 2008
The five remaining contestants work on their skills in making smooth turns at the Driver Rehabilition Centre. At the end of the previous episode, it was revealed that all four women remaining normally wear poor driving shoes to drive, which can be a hazard. Thus, all four women were ordered to do every subsequent challenge in "driving shoes".
The fact that all five failed the Swerve and Avoid challenge makes the experts' choice of who to graduate difficult, and Andrew is not comfortable with graduating anyone. Emily admits that she had owned glasses ten years ago and has stopped wearing them, but agrees to allow the show to arrange an eye exam for her. Ashley admits that her emotions are getting the best of her. Teagan admits his issue may simply be inexperience. Amy admits disappointment in her challenges, but still admits that there is improvement to be had. The experts shortlist comes down to Lindsay and Ashley, with the panel split between the two. Andrew, in the end, declares that Lindsay was the better of the two, and even had graduation in the bag before the Swerve and Avoid, but because she failed, no one graduates this episode.
Episode 6: It's All Reverse.
Original airdate: December 1, 2008
The focus on this episode is on driving in reverse.
The experts agree that Lindsay and Ashley made the shortlist, though Phillippe gave Amy some consideration. The deciding factor is Lindsay's self-control with TJ in the car because Ashley, though the better technical driver, breaks down whenever Bryan is in the car. Thus, Lindsay becomes the next graduate.
Episode 7: Practice Makes Perfect.
Original airdate: December 8, 2008
The focus on this episode are mainly traditional challenges: drivers will learn how to perform donuts and drive with an attached trailer.
For Ashley, graduation is paramount: if she does not graduate, she will miss her son's first birthday. The experts agree that though she may be the best driver, she is still too volatile with Bryan. Also shortlisted by the experts is Amy, who finished a strong second in all three of the day's challenges, and Teagan, who had the best in two out of the three. The three-way split decision eventually ends up in Teagan's favour, and he graduates, leaving the Driver Rehabilitation Centre in a cab. The decision does not go over well with any of the three ladies, Emily refusing to hug him as he leaves. After the decision is passed, the girls laugh and ask simultaneously "What the hell just happened?"
Episode 8: The Verdict.
Original airdate: December 15, 2008
The final three contestants will be pitted against the traditional challenges, including the Mega-Challenge, the challenge incorporating elements of previous challenges, as well as the road test through the streets of downtown Toronto. At the end of it all, one will be named Canada's Worst Driver.
At the end, the judges agree that Amy is not Canada's Worst Driver, and is the last graduate of the year. Between Ashley and Emily, though, the judges were divided: Philippe and Dan consider Emily to be the worst, feeling that her driving skills never showed any real improvement and that (aside from Donna) she was the worst challenge performer in every single episode this season. On the other hand, Cam and Dr. Gembora feel that Ashley is the worst, noting that whereas Emily had at least agreed to address her bad eyesight by wearing glasses, Ashley had made no attempt to improve her bad temper or her relationship with Bryan, and that her superior technical skills would be of no help if she got into an accident through distraction or road rage.
Andrew is left with the deciding vote and names Ashley as Canada's Worst Driver; a decision she is not too happy with, not least because she leaves the Driver Rehabilitation Centre with her car on the back of a tow truck. Ashley is clearly furious at the decision, to the point of refusing the trophy and wanting to move to another continent. However, Andrew does remind the audience that, in a year's time, there will be more drivers, and the Driver Rehabilitation Centre will be open once more, when someone else will be given the title of Canada's Worst Driver.

</doc>
<doc id="19720497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720497" title="Schilt">
Schilt

The Schilt (2,299 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking Glarus in the canton of Glarus. It lies south of the Siwellen.

</doc>
<doc id="19720504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720504" title="Oedipus Wrecks">
Oedipus Wrecks

Oedipus Wrecks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19720511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720511" title="Shelley Taylor Morgan">
Shelley Taylor Morgan

Shelley Taylor Morgan is an American actor who is best known for her playing Lorena Sharpe in the TV series "General Hospital" in the mid-1980s.
Acting career.
Morgan began her career solely as an actress but eventually branched out to hosting, co-hosting, and contributing editor stints on a variety of shows.
Some acting highlights include "Scarface", "Days of our Lives", "Archie Bunker's Place", "The Sword and the Sorcerer", ABC's "Once and Again", "Tales from the Crypt", and a role on "Hunter" where she created Kitty, a flaky but intelligent detective who appeared on several episodes of the series over two seasons.
The role that began her pursuit of an acting career was appearing in "Marilyn: The Untold Story".
Her most popular hosting credits include E! Entertainment Television's first live show, "Pure Soap" - a talk show for soap opera addicts. Other duties at E! were hosting "Coming Attractions", The Daytime Emmy Awards and the Soap Opera Digest Awards. She also hosted on ABC's "The Home Show", "AM Los Angeles", and HGTV's "Surprise Gardener".
Stage roles include the controversial "Steambath", a co-starring role with Don Knotts, Rue McClanahan and Randolph Mantooth in "The Mind with the Dirty Man", and starring roles in the original plays "Backbone of America" at the Tiffany Theater in Los Angeles, and "Aspirins and Elephants".

</doc>
<doc id="19720521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720521" title="Storm (Skazi album)">
Storm (Skazi album)

Storm is a 2003 album released by Israeli psychedelic trance DJ duo Skazi.

</doc>
<doc id="19720538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720538" title="Gufelstock">
Gufelstock

The Gufelstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking Schwanden in the canton of Glarus. The border with the canton of St. Gallen runs on the northern base of the mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19720539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720539" title="E.U. (TV series)">
E.U. (TV series)

Emergency Unit, better known as simply E.U. is a 2009 Hong Kong television drama created and produced by Wong Wai-sing. It is the direct sequel to 2007's "On the First Beat" and the third installment in the "The Academy" series. "E.U." stars Ron Ng and Sammul Chan from the original series, with the addition of Michael Miu, Kathy Chow, Michael Tse, and Elanne Kong. The popularity of Tse's role, Laughing Gor, spawned two film spin-offs and a television drama spin-off of the character.
Unlike the two previous installments, "E.U." focuses on one particular secret triad, while the first two focuses more on the general lives of the characters. E.U. stands for Emergency Unit, a traffic and criminal operation wing under the Hong Kong Police Force. The series was meant to be followed by a sequel, however, production dropped the sequel, but reused the majority of its cast in an alternate series, Relic of an Emissary.
Synopsis.
After ten years behind the bars in Taiwan, Kong Sai-Hau (Michael Miu) finally returns to Hong Kong. Other than the hope to find his daughter Yau-Yau (Elanne Kong) to mend their relationship, he also plans for revenge. On one hand, he pretends to surrender to triad boss To Yik-Tin (Lam Lee), the man who caused him to be jailed. On the other hand, he tries to gain trust from police officers Chung Lap-Man (Ron Ng) and Lee Pak-Kiu (Sammul Chan). Lee refuses to have a criminal as his friend, but Chung becomes close to Kong to gain inside information about To's activities. Laughing (Michael Tse) doesn't trust Kong at first, but Kong uses To's wife Ching Yeuk-Sam (Kathy Chow) in the organization as an influence to help him rise up the ranks. To is killed and Kong ascends to become the head of the triad. Later, Chung becomes an official undercover agent for the police force with the intention of exposing Kong's triad crimes. He isolates himself from Lee in order to protect his undercover identity. He meets Kong's daughter Kong Yau Yau, and Yau Yau starts to fall in love with him. Chung uses this to his advantage, gaining trust and higher rank in the triad.
Later on, Kong falls deeply in love with Sum and vice versa causing him to be distracted with his drug business. Kong eventually trusts Chung and almost hands parts of his drug business to Chung to take care of. But just when Kong thought that he was in control, his drug business fails. Kong discovers that the people he trusted the most had betrayed him, including Laughing. He also misinterprets that Sum betrayed him, so he kills her. His daughter Kong Yau Yau finds out and hates him for killing Sum, whom she thought of as a mother. Chung and Lee find out that Laughing was actually also an undercover cop, and both are wracked with feelings of guilt and gain a renewed sense of responsibility to take down Kong.
In the end, Kong's paranoia of betrayal causes him to be immobile for the rest of his life.
Reception.
The series has received many positive responses, particularly for Michael Tse's performance. His performance in "E.U." is regarded as one of the best performance in his career. He is also favored to win Best Supporting Actor award in 2009's TVB Anniversary Awards. Due to overwhelming criticism of Tse's character's demise, Tse appeared and spoke in the last scene of the series and a prequel of E.U based on Laughing's life, entitled "Turning Point", was produced. It was premiered on August 10, 2009 and was released in cinemas on 13 August 2009.
However, Leung Ka Ki's role as "Fa Yeuk-Bo" receive almost complete negative response from viewers, who many of them state that they hate her in the series; this is somehow odd given that Ka Ki's role in the series is supposed to be a "Good person" role, although one possible reason is her stereotypical attitude towards the triads.
Awards and nominations.
TVB Anniversary Awards (2009)
Won
Nominated

</doc>
<doc id="19720540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720540" title="Apocalypse (Drayton Manor)">
Apocalypse (Drayton Manor)

Apocalypse is a freefall tower ride located at Drayton Manor Theme Park, England.
Detail.
The ride was built by Intamin in 1999 and opened on 27 May 2000 by girl band B*Witched. The tower has five sides, with each ride gondola holding four riders each. As the gondola's ascend to the top of the tower, each one tilt forwards to a 15° angle. It is themed as a science operation. The ride, which has been voted 'Britain’s scariest ride' features three different forms of seating:
Originally when Apocalpyse opened, it was the only stand-up drop tower in the world. It kept this title until 2005 when Hurakan Condor opened in PortAventura. The stand-up floorless variation was introduced in 2002, dubbed the 'Fifth Element'. 
Riders reach , falling in 4 seconds.
In 2008 the ride received an Airtime Award from amusement park fansite CoasterForce.com, who's members voted it the "Best Thrill Ride in Europe".

</doc>
<doc id="19720543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720543" title="Master of the Amsterdam Death of the Virgin">
Master of the Amsterdam Death of the Virgin

The Master of the Amsterdam Death of the Virgin (sometimes called the Master of the Almshouse of the Seven Electors) (fl. c. 1500) was a Netherlandish painter. His name is derived from a panel depiction of the Death of the Virgin, dated to about 1500 and now in the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. The painting shows the Virgin Mary and the twelve Apostles in a complex interior, in intimate mood. The figures in the painting are small, with small heads and hands; their torsos, however, are bulky and covered in drapery. The name "Master of the Almshouse of the Seven Electors" is sometimes preferred because it refers to the name of the institution that donated the painting to the museum. There is also some disagreement over the attribution of paintings ascribed to the Master; some critics prefer instead to attribute some of them to the poorly-known Master of the Lantern. Critics also disagree as to his origin; some have linked him to Amsterdam, while others have suggested ties to Utrecht and its school of manuscript painters.

</doc>
<doc id="19720570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720570" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 24">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 24

The 24th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19720575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720575" title="Schijen">
Schijen

The Schijen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Obersee and Klöntalersee on its northern and southern side respectively. It lies west of Glarus in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19720596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720596" title="Ronald Milner">
Ronald Milner

Ronald James Milner was the Bishop of Burnley from 1988 to 1993.
He was born on 16 May 1927 and educated at Hull Grammar School and Pembroke College, Cambridge before embarking on an ecclesiastical career with the post of Succentor at Coventry Cathedral, after which he was Vicar of Westwood. Following this he was Rector of St Mary's, Southampton and then (his final appointment before ordination to the episcopate) Archdeacon of Lincoln. In retirement he continues to serve as an assistant bishop within the Diocese of Southwell and Nottingham.

</doc>
<doc id="19720610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720610" title="Rautispitz">
Rautispitz

The Rautispitz is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking Netstal in the canton of Glarus. It lies between the Obersee and the Klöntalersee and culminates at 2,283 metres above sea level. Its summit is generally accessed from the west side, with several trails starting at the Obersee.

</doc>
<doc id="19720612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720612" title="Ritual of oak and mistletoe">
Ritual of oak and mistletoe

The ritual of oak and mistletoe is described by Pliny the Elder, writing in the 1st century AD, as a religious ceremony in Gaul in which white-clad druids climbed a sacred oak, cut down the mistletoe growing on it, sacrificed two white bulls and used the mistletoe to cure infertility:
Pliny was primarily interested in natural history and some scholars have dismissed the testimony in relation to the druids’ ceremony as largely fanciful, particularly as he is the only classical author to mention this ceremony. Yet Pliny specifically associates druids with oak trees. Oaks were held sacred by both druids and Celts alike. Drunemeton, the ‘oak sanctuary,’ is described by Strabo as a place where the Galatian Council met and oak was used to construct the great Iron Age multi-ring timber structure at Navan Fort in County Armagh. The Poole Logboat and the Corlea Trackway were both made of oak in the Iron Age. 
Central to Pliny’s statement is the sanctity of the mistletoe, both as a healing agent and as an aid to fertility. Both these concerns are emphasised in Celtic religious expression. Mistletoe has been reported by archaeologists as having been thought beneficial to sufferers of insomnia, and conditions attributable as high blood pressure and malignancies. Moreover, that mistletoe may have possessed important symbolism for the Celts is suggested by its presence as a motif in early Celtic art. Human heads bearing curious leaf-shaped crowns are common decorative themes on both jewellery and stone monuments. The lobed shape of the leaves on these objects closely resembles the leaves of European mistletoe and, if such an identification be correct, it may be that the faces depicted in this pre-Roman art are those of priests or gods.
In Pliny’s comments, three other points of significance concern banqueting, the moon and bull-sacrifice. All three are familiar to the repertoire of Celtic religion. Ritual banquets are represented in some rich tombs of both the early and late Iron Age of Celtic Europe: the Hallstatt chieftain’s tomb at Hochdorf was furnished with a set of nine drinking horns and a nine-piece dinner service, for the otherworld Banquet, as well as a huge cauldron of mead. Certain shrines exhibit abundant evidence of ceremonial banquets: excavators of the sanctuary at Mirebeau, in northern France, found a veritable carpet of bones from butchered animals and broken pots, which appear to be the remains of feasting.
Pliny makes allusions to the moon on its sixth day, a waxing crescent moon, as an instrument of healing: here again there is corroborative evidence in that Celtic goddesses associated with healing and regeneration are sometimes depicted wearing lunar amulets; and the great temple of the healer-goddess Sulis Minerva at Bath, Somerset bears a carving of the Roman moon-goddess Luna. Among the finds at Bath, Somerset was a lunar pendant, possibly once part of a priest’s sceptre.
Lastly, bull-sacrifice is attested in other evidence. Cattle were commonly used as sacrificial animals: the shrine of Gournay in Picardy was the scene of repeated ox-sacrifice and cattle were ritually slaughtered in numerous Celtic sanctuaries. Bull-sacrifice is twice depicted on the Gundestrup cauldron and was probably made in the 1st century BC. In Irish mythology, the Tarbhfhess, the ‘bull-sleep,’ was a ritual closely associated with druids: a selected individual was fed on bull flesh before being chanted to sleep by four druids; while he slept he dreamt of the next rightful High King of Ireland and when he awoke he gave this information to his druid attendants.

</doc>
<doc id="19720633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720633" title="Platyallabes tihoni">
Platyallabes tihoni

Platyallabes tihoni is the only species in the genus Platyallabes of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Clariidae. This species is found in the Malebo Pool. "P. tihoni" has a body plan that is intermediate to the generalized, fusiform (torpedo-shaped) type such as "Clarias" species and the anguilliform (eel-shaped) type such as "Gymnallabes". This species is known to grow up to 52.8 centimetres (20.8 in) TL.

</doc>
<doc id="19720635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720635" title="United States Senate election in Connecticut, 2004">
United States Senate election in Connecticut, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Connecticut took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Chris Dodd won re-election for a fifth term.
Campaign.
Incumbent Chris Dodd was one of the most powerful senators in congress. In the election cycle, Dodd raised over $7 million. His top five contributors were Bear Stearns, Citigroup, National Westminster Bank, Lehman Brothers, and Goldman Sachs.
Republican nominee, Jack Orchulli, ran as fiscal conservative and social moderate. He broke ranks with his party on gay marriage and abortion. That put him on the same side as most voters in the blue state of Connecticut. He often talked about a "broken education system." He argued that Dodd hasn't done anything in his 30 years in congress to fix such issues as traffic problems in Fairfield County. 
Orchulli launched a statewide TV ad campaign in September, as he spent over $1.1 million and pledged to spend "whatever it takes" if polls show he is gaining ground on Dodd.
Analysis.
Dodd won every county in the state with at least 60% of the vote, except conservative Litchfield County. Just 4 towns in the state voted for Orchulli.

</doc>
<doc id="19720661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720661" title="Erlanger Health System">
Erlanger Health System

The Erlanger Health System (often referred to as Erlanger Hospital or simply Erlanger) , is a multi-hospital system with five campuses based in Chattanooga, Tennessee—Erlanger Baroness Campus, Children's Hospital at Erlanger, Erlanger East Campus, Erlanger North Campus, and Erlanger Bledsoe Campus. Erlanger is a Level I trauma center for adults with trauma surgeons available at all times. The Children's Hospital at Erlanger houses a Level III Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, with a Pediatric Trauma Team, Emergency Department, and Pediatric Intensive Care Unit. The system also runs two community health centers: Southside Community Health Center and Dodson Avenue Community Health Center.
Erlanger Hospital is an 818-bed facility that provides patients with a complete range of primary and specialty care services. It is the Southeast Tennessee region's major tertiary care center and a modern medical complex. Erlanger is also home to the area's only kidney transplant program. In fiscal year 2012-2013, Erlanger had 28,840 inpatient admissions, 297,700 outpatient visits, and 113,469 emergency room visits.
Academic Medical Center.
As the primary teaching hospital for the University of Tennessee College of Medicine's Chattanooga campus, Erlanger serves as the educational training ground for more than 150 physicians enrolled annually in the medical college’s residency and fellowship programs. Medical students from the University of Tennessee Health Science Center in Memphis,TN may elect a variety of clinical rotations at Erlanger. Nursing students, Paramedic students, and many other allied health students also train at Erlanger in conjunction with the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga (UTC), Chattanooga State Technical Community College (CSTCC), and other regional colleges.
History.
Erlanger traces its history to 1889, when Baron Frédéric Emile d'Erlanger, a European financier with local railroad holdings, visited Chattanooga and donated $5,000 to establish a local hospital. Chattanoogans chose to name the new institution in honor of the Baron’s Southern-born wife, Baroness Marguerite Mathilde Slidell d’Erlanger. On August 20, 1891, community leaders held a cornerstone ceremony to celebrate the completion of the foundation of Baroness Erlanger Hospital, the region’s first permanent hospital. When construction of the hospital facility was completed in 1899, the $50,000 structure opened with 72 beds. 
By 2000, Erlanger had grown to become a multi-hospital system with five campuses.
Accreditations, awards, and recognition.
In August 2011, 2012, and 2013 U.S. News & World Report ranked Erlanger Health System the number one hospital in Chattanooga. Each year, the magazine ranks 5,000 hospitals based on publicly reported data (volume. mortality rates, staffing levels, safety statistics, patient satisfaction) as well as surveys from 10,000 physicians. The resulting analysis is turned into rankings by specialty, region, and metropolitan area. 
In 2008, Erlanger was recognized by Thomson Reuters as one of the nation's Top 100 teaching hospitals for cardiovascular care. 
The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations has fully accredited Erlanger Bledsoe Hospital as a critical access hospital and the Erlanger Southeast Regional Stroke Center as a primary stroke center. 
In 2008, Erlanger East Campus and Children's Hospital at Erlanger were awarded top honors for outstanding patient satisfaction by Professional Research Consultants (PRC).

</doc>
<doc id="19720666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720666" title="Magerrain">
Magerrain

The Magerrain is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen in Eastern Switzerland. Reaching an elevation of 2,524 metres above sea level, the Magerrain is the highest summit of the range north of the Walabützer Furggle (2,167 m) and the Risitenpass (2,189 m).
The closest locality is Engi on the south side.

</doc>
<doc id="19720677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720677" title="Master of the Washington Coronation">
Master of the Washington Coronation

The Master of the Washington Coronation is a poorly known Italian painter who was active in Venice around 1324. His name is derived from a panel painting of the Coronation of the Virgin, dated to that year and held in the collections of the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. This and an associated group of other works are generally accepted to be by Paolo Veneziano, and the Gallery officially lists them as such. Some authorities, however, have distinguished the paintings from Paolo's output on stylistic grounds; one has even suggested that they may be by Marco di Martino da Venezia, Paolo's brother, who was active from 1335 to 1345 but from whom no documented work is known to have survived. The two brothers were recorded together in Treviso in 1335 by a local notary, and are known to have resided in the same Venetian parish ten years later. Other critics have posited a belief that the panels date to an earlier period, and are the work perhaps of Martino, father of the two men.

</doc>
<doc id="19720680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720680" title="Bützistock">
Bützistock

The Bützistock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps. It lies on the border between the cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen in Eastern Switzerland.
The closest locality is Engi on the southern side.

</doc>
<doc id="19720694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720694" title="Spitzmeilen">
Spitzmeilen

The Spitzmeilen is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, lying on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It lies between the valleys of Schilstal and Sernftal.

</doc>
<doc id="19720705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720705" title="Ontario Ombudsman">
Ontario Ombudsman

The Ontario Ombudsman is an independent officer of the provincial legislature in Ontario, Canada. In the tradition of the classical parliamentary Ombudsman first established in Sweden in 1809, Ontario's Ombudsman oversees and investigates public complaints about the government of Ontario, including more than 500 provincial government ministries, agencies, corporations, tribunals, boards and commissions. Ontario has had an ombudsman since 1975. All Canadian provinces except Prince Edward Island have an ombudsman (known as Protecteur/protectrice du citoyen in Quebec and Citizens' Representative in Newfoundland and Labrador).
The Ontario Ombudsman's motto is "Ontario's Watchdog."
History.
Ontario was the seventh province to establish an Ombudsman's office, which it did in March 1975, preceded by Alberta and New Brunswick (1967), Quebec (1968), Manitoba and Nova Scotia (1970) and Saskatchewan (1972). The first Ombudsman of Ontario was Arthur Maloney, who served from 1975 to 1979. He was succeeded by Donald Morand (1979-1984), Daniel Hill (1984-1989), Roberta Jamieson (1989-1999), Clare Lewis (2000-2005) and André Marin (2005-present).
Role and function.
The Ombudsman is independent of government and political parties. His (or her - the term "Ombudsman" originates from Swedish and is considered to be gender-neutral) job is to hold government accountable by reviewing and investigating public complaints about the administration of government services. He may also launch investigations of his own accord or on his own motion. The Ombudsman is appointed for a five-year renewable term by an all-party committee named by the legislature.
The Ombudsman's powers and authorities are set out in the "Ombudsman Act". They include the power to enter any government premises to gather evidence, and the power to compel witnesses to give evidence. He may investigate and report his findings publicly if he finds that a "decision, recommendation, act or omission" of a body he oversees was contrary to law, unreasonable, unjust, oppressive, discriminatory, based on a mistake of law or fact, or simply wrong. The Act requires individuals as well as government officials and employees to co-operate with the Ombudsman's investigations.
The Ombudsman reports annually to the Legislature and may also issue special reports. His recommendations are not binding.
In 2011-2012, the Office of the Ontario Ombudsman's budget was $10.75 million and it employed approximately 85 staff. In that year, the office handled 18,541 cases, the majority of which were resolved within three weeks.
In addition to annual and special reports, the Ombudsman publishes a regular electronic newsletter.
Current Ombudsman and mandate.
André Marin was appointed as Ontario's sixth Ombudsman in April 2005. He reorganized the office in an effort to make it more efficient and reallocated resources to handle broad systemic issues affecting large numbers of people, as well as individual complaints. The "Special Ombudsman Response Team" (SORT) was created to handle these large field investigations, using a dedicated team of experienced investigators. More than 25 SORT investigations have been completed since 2005 and virtually all of the Ombudsman's recommendations have been accepted and implemented by the government. This has resulted in dramatic reforms to, among other things, the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation, compensation of crime victims, support payments for the disabled, the screening of newborn babies for preventable disorders, legal aid and the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation. These investigations are detailed in the Ombudsman's special reports.
In every annual report since he was appointed, Marin stressed the positive changes brought about by the government as a result of these investigations, but lamented the continuing lack of oversight granted to the Ombudsman's office in the so-called "MUSH sector," i.e. municipalities, universities, school boards and hospitals - as well as long-term care facilities, children's aid societies and police. The Ontario ombudsman's office is the only one in Canada that does not have a mandate to investigate in at least some of these areas.
The Ombudsman's jurisdiction was expanded, however, in January 2008 to include the new responsibility for enforcement of the Ontario Municipal Act's requirements that all municipal councils, committees and most local boards keep their meetings open to the public. The Act designates the Ombudsman as the investigator of public complaints about closed meetings in all municipalities that have not appointed their own investigator. To further understanding of these new requirements, Marin published "The Sunshine Law Handbook: Open Municipal Meetings in Ontario", a guide to the new legal provisions. He also created a new investigative team similar to SORT, called OMLET - the Open Meeting Law Enforcement Team - to specialize in investigations of closed meeting complaints, and in 2012, he published the Office's first annual report devoted entirely to that subject.
In his 2009 annual report, Marin emphasized the importance of oversight and accountability at a time of economic downturn and budget shortfalls. He stressed the value that his office has been able to deliver for millions of Ontarians by conducting systemic investigations as well as resolving individual complaints and reiterated his call for his mandate to be expanded to the MUSH sector. As well, he noted that Ontario's SORT model is being emulated by ombudsmen and other administrative watchdogs in many other countries and across Canada, thanks to "Sharpening Your Teeth," an annual training course started by SORT in 2007 that has trained (on a complete cost-recovery basis) hundreds of investigators and ombudsmen from around the world. Marin was also awarded the Ontario Bar Association's Tom Marshall Award of Excellence in 2009, in recognition of outstanding achievements in the practice of public sector law in Ontario. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Newsroom/Press-Release/2009/Ombudsman-Andre-Marin-to-receive-Ontario-Bar-Assoc.aspx]
The Ombudsman's five-year term expired March 31, 2010. Marin applied for a second term and was reappointed as the Ombudsman of Ontario on June 1, 2010 for another 5-year term. He has since received awards from the University of Ottawa (2011), Carleton University Alumni Association (2011), the Ontario Bar Association (2012) and the Canadian Bar Association (2012), and the U.S.-based National Association for Civilian Oversight of Law Enforcement (NACOLE), as well as being inducted into the University of Ottawa Faculty of Law’s Common Law Honour Society (2012).
In November 2011, the Ontario Ombudsman launched a mobile version of the office's website. This 'web app', believed to be the first of its kind in the ombudsman world, will let mobile users browse the Office's website more quickly and efficiently. They will be able to file an online complaint from their mobile device, as well as search the full site and read Ombudsman Ontario news and reports. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Newsroom/Press-Release/2011/Ontario-Ombudsman-launches-mobile-app.aspx?lang=en-CA]
Reports and publications (since 2005).
"Annual Report 2012-2013," July 2013. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Resources/Reports/2012-2013-Annual-Report.aspx]
"The Code: Investigation into the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services’ response to allegations of excessive use of force against inmates.", June 2013. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/45/450c6aa8-3481-43d6-bce1-8141fa6bbbda.pdf]
"2011-2012 Annual Report about Closed Municipal Meetings", October 2012. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Images/Reports/OMLET-AR-EN-final.pdf]
"In the Line of Duty: Investigation into how the Ontario Provincial Police and the Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services have addressed operational stress injuries affecting police officers", October 2012. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Images/Reports/OPP-final-EN.pdf]
"Investigation into whether Council for the City of London held an improper closed meeting at Harmony Grand Buffet on February 21, 2012", August 2012 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/LondonAugust2012-EN.pdf]
"Investigation into Closed Meetings by the Town of Amherstburg Council on January 9 and February 13, 2012," July 2012 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/Aburg-JanFeb12-EN.pdf]
"Annual Report 2011-2012", June 2012 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Resources/Reports/2011-2012-Annual-Report.aspx]
"Investigation into whether the City of London’s Committee of the Whole improperly discussed “Occupy London” in camera on November 7, 2011", March 2012 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Images/Reports/LondonOccupy-Final-EN.pdf]
"Investigation into whether the City of Hamilton’s NHL Proposal Sub-Committee held an improperly closed meeting", February 2012
[http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Images/Reports/HamiltonNHL-final-EN-for-web.pdf]
"Investigation into whether the Town of Amherstburg Council held multiple closed meetings in contravention of the Municipal Act", January 2012 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/About-Us/Amherstburg-report-and-letter.pdf]
"Oversight Undermined: Investigation into the Ministry of the Attorney General's implementation of recommendations concerning reform of the Special Investigations Unit", December 2011. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Investigations/SORT%20Investigations/SIU2-Final-EN-2-with-covers.pdf]
"Annual Report 2010-2011", June 2011 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Annual/2011OmbudsmanAR_E.pdf]
"Caught in the Act: Investigation into The Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services’ conduct in relation to Ontario Regulation 233/10 under the Public Works Protection Act", December 2010 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/58/581252d9-1809-4291-831b-88e9adb480c5.pdf]
"The LHIN Spin: Investigation into the Hamilton Niagara Haldimand Brant Local Health Integration Network's use of community engagement in its decision-making process", August 2010. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/31/31d83f5f-d195-48b4-be4c-b2f889268ba5.pdf]
"Annual Report 2009-2010", June 2010 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/cb/cb50ccdf-d437-4d36-b9a6-c3e7279ea2ab.pdf]
"A Vast Injustice: Investigation into the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care’s decision-making concerning the funding of Avastin for colorectal cancer patients", September 2009. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/74/741f6135-a88d-46cc-a306-4361e70d252d.pdf]
"Too Cool For School Too: Investigation into Cambrian College’s administration of its Health Information Management Program and the oversight provided by the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities", August 2009. [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/6e/6e2c7c3f-e4bb-4dbc-a4dc-5c38a884cb8b.pdf]
"Too Cool For School: Investigation into the Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities’ Oversight of Bestech Academy Inc. and Enforcement of the Private Career Colleges Act", July 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Investigations/SORT%20Investigations/bestechfinal_en.pdf]
"Annual Report 2008-2009", June 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/ef/ef402c76-4a36-47fb-a83d-5d61510a495f.pdf]
"Pirating Our Property: Investigation Into the City Oshawa's Failure to Co-operate", April 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/c9/c9373264-8d92-4881-8683-ce271f45a86e.pdf]
"The ABCs of Education and Training: Investigation into the City of Oshawa Development Services Committee Special Meeting of May 22, 2008", March 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/media/44626/oshawamay08final.pdf]
"Investigation into the Council of the Township of Baldwin's Closed Meeting of July 14, 2008", March 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/baldwin_en.pdf]
"Investigation into the Council of the Township of Nipissing's Special Meeting of April 25, 2008", February 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/Sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/nipissingfinaleng.pdf]
"Municipal Government By Stealth: Investigation into the Council of the Township of Emo's Closed Meeting of April 8, 2008", January 2009 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/emofinaleng.pdf]
"Oversight Unseen: Investigation into the Special Investigations Unit's operational effectiveness and credibility", September 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/8a/8acb8114-b212-42b5-8221-3d5e4e95a3f1.pdf]
"The Sunshine Law Handbook: Open Municipal Meetings in Ontario", September 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/sunshinelaw-en.pdf]
"Annual Report 2007-2008", June 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/14/148f8aa7-74f9-4b20-9ad6-82ad76daffae.pdf]
"Building Clarity: Investigation into how the Ministry of Government and Consumer Services represents its relationship with Tarion Warranty Corp. to the public", June 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/05/05c9fc2b-93f1-4174-951e-7bc13b55a37d.pdf]
"Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me - Opening the Door on the Elton John Ticket Scandal: Investigation into City of Greater Sudbury Council closed meeting of February 20, 2008", April 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/sudburyreporteng2.pdf]
"A Test of Wills: Investigation into Legal Aid Ontario's role in the funding of the legal defence of Richard Wills", February 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/e5/e54239da-b9d4-4906-ba91-e40d4f49ec49.pdf]
"Enlightening Closed Council Sessions: Investigation into Fort Erie Town Council closed meeting of January 7, 2008", February 2008 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Files/Sitemedia/Documents/Resources/Reports/Municipal/fort-erie-closed-meeting-final.pdf]
"Annual Report 2006-2007", June 2007 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/c4/c4ab902d-6d8b-4c5e-bb22-6ccda8f4e7ae.pdf]
"A Game of Trust: Investigation into the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation's protection of the public from theft and fraud", March 2007 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/46/46b07c62-9f83-4ef3-90a4-ab7f25726941.pdf]
"Adding Insult to Injury: Investigation into treatment of victims by the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board", February 2007 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/e5/e52c6dc0-696d-4c77-a6fe-d91c14101b32.pdf]
"It's All in the Name: Investigation into the Family Responsibility Office's ineffective enforcement using a writ of seizure and sale", August 2006 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/58/58c87244-fcfe-4912-b638-7e82a37245b6.pdf]
"Annual Report 2005-2006", June 2006 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/c6/c6d79ea5-a85f-4b6e-b6aa-951fe8244c6e.pdf]
"Losing the Waiting Game: Investigation into unreasonable delay at the Ministry of Community and Social Services' Ontario Disability Support Program's Disability Adjudication Unit", May 2006 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/ae/ae2674ad-d703-4a55-9bc9-b2422db55dec.pdf]
"Getting it Right: Investigation into the transparency of the property assessment process at the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation", March 2006 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/eb/eb0b7d56-2860-4543-ba0e-28ac7e4a395c.pdf]
"The Right to be Impatient: Investigation into whether the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care has failed to properly administer newborn screening", September 2005 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/56/56a3553b-35ef-4d23-bafa-01535cca6628.pdf]
"From Hope to Despair: Investigation into the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care's refusal to fund the drug Cystagon for treatment of Batten's Disease", September 2005 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/4b/4bb54e07-eaf6-43c6-b3ea-44a2a3f00f6b.pdf]
"Between a Rock and a Hard Place: Investigation into the parents of special-needs children being forced to relinquish custody in order to obtain necessary residential care", May 2005 [http://www.ombudsman.on.ca/Ombudsman/files/8d/8d42b2f4-3cd1-4a30-8c63-0f8f849338bc.pdf]
Complaints procedure.
Members of the public may complain to the Ombudsman by phone, online, in writing, in person, via email or through the Ombudsman's office. The procedure is explained on the Ombudsman's website. Early Resolutions Officers are trained to handle complaints quickly and resolve them where possible. If an investigation is deemed warranted, the Ombudsman's investigators will review the matter and gather evidence.
The Ombudsman is generally an office of last resort. Complainants are encouraged to first try to resolve their problem through the complaint and appeal procedures offered by the government agency in question. Ombudsman staff can assist people who are not sure whether or not an avenue of appeal exists.

</doc>
<doc id="19720709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720709" title="Melon Chan's Growth Diary">
Melon Chan's Growth Diary

"Melon Chan's Growth Diary (Japan: Melon-chan no Seichouki") is a Life simulation game it is comparable to Tamagotchi and other virtual life simulations. In Melon Chan's Growth Diary the player raises and nurtures little girl Melon Chan. The games was only released in Japan and was one of the earliest titles released for the Neo Geo Pocket. 
The game was released for the Neo Geo Pocket and features monochrome graphics; however the Neo Geo Pocket Color is backwards compatible with the game.
A sequel called Melon-Chan Growth Diary 2 was planned but was cancelled."

</doc>
<doc id="19720714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720714" title="Wissgandstöckli">
Wissgandstöckli

The Wissgandstöckli is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It lies approximately halfway between Matt and Weisstannen.

</doc>
<doc id="19720719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720719" title="Elvis Rock">
Elvis Rock

The Elvis Rock is a rock alongside the A44 in Powys, Wales, near its border with Ceredigion. It is one of the most iconic pieces of graffiti in Wales, probably the most iconic in mid-Wales. This is mainly due to its placing on the main trunk road through the country, and the fact that the word “Elvis” seems to some incredibly out of context compared to the area and landscape.
History.
The graffiti on the rock allegedly originally read “Elis” and was written in 1962 by John Hefin and David Meredith in support of a local Plaid Cymru candidate, Islwyn Ffowc Elis.
The rock has been repainted several times, and at one point was totally destroyed. However the word “Elvis” has again reappeared on the rock and is still visible today.

</doc>
<doc id="19720731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720731" title="Manol Manolov">
Manol Manolov

Manol Manolov () (born 4 August 1925, in Sofia, Bulgaria; died December 16, 2008) was a football defender and manager. 
For the Bulgaria national football team Manolov featured in 57 games and won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. Between 1948 and 1962 he played in 239 matches and scored 8 goals for CSKA Sofia. He was honoured as Bulgarian Footballer of the Year in 1958.
Manolov won the top Bulgarian league, the A PFG, a record twelve times (all with CSKA), as well as the Bulgarian Cup, four times (all with CSKA).
He coached Beroe, CSKA Sofia, Hebar Pazardzhik, Ethnikos Piraeus, Apollon Athens, Slavia and Panserraikos.

</doc>
<doc id="19720732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720732" title="Foostock">
Foostock

The Foostock (also known as "Ruchen") is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It lies north of Piz Sardona, on the range that separates the Sernftal from the Weisstannental.

</doc>
<doc id="19720734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720734" title="Charles River Peninsula">
Charles River Peninsula

The Charles River Peninsula is a nature preserve in Needham, Massachusetts owned and managed by the Trustees of Reservations. The Charles River turns nearly 180 degrees, creating the peninsula. A field on the peninsula has been farmed for roughly a century. The original acreage was given in 1960; additional land was given in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19720736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720736" title="Ketengus typus">
Ketengus typus

Ketengus typus, the Bigmouth sea-catfish, is the only species in the sea catfish genus Ketengus (order Siluriformes).
This fish is found in South and Southeast Asia in India, Andaman Islands, Malaysia, Thailand, and Indonesia. It is distributed in the Eastern Bay of Bengal and Malay Peninsula in nearshore coastal waters, estuaries, and lower reaches of rivers. It lives mostly in brackish waters and rarely freshwaters.
"K. typus" feeds on invertebrates and small fishes. "K. typus" grows up to 25.0 centimetres TL.

</doc>
<doc id="19720755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720755" title="High (David Hallyday song)">
High (David Hallyday song)

"High" is a 1988 song recorded by French artist David Hallyday. It was the second of the four singles from his debut studio album "True Cool". Released in November 1988, the song was a hit in France, becoming David Hallyday's first number-one single.
Song information.
The song was composed by Lisa Catherine Cohen and the music composed by the singer himself. As for the rest of the album, lyrics are in English-language. The music video was shot in a church, Hallyday playing the organ, while a chorus composed of women chanted 'high' during the refrains. With this vigorous song, Hallyday presents "a musical style at the joint of Californian rock and pop".
In France, the single debuted on the singles chart at #45 on November 19, 1988, climbed quickly and entered the top ten in its fourth week. It topped the chart for five consecutive weeks, then almost didn't stop to drop on the chart and totaled 15 weeks in the top ten and 23 weeks in the top 50. Although it was not certified by the SNEP, the French certificator, its sales made the song the 440th best-selling single of all time in France. The song was the most successful from the album "True Cool" and the second one in Hallyday's career, behind "Tu ne m'as pas laissé le temps".
The song was also released in UK with another cover single, but failed to reach the chart.
This song was also covered by Hong Kong Cantopop singer Jacky Cheung in 1989 called "Cry". 

</doc>
<doc id="19720762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720762" title="Ştefan Sicaci">
Ştefan Sicaci

Ştefan Sicaci (born 8 September 1988) is a Moldovan footballer who plays for FC Volgar Astrakhan. He also holds Russian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19720766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720766" title="Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc">
Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc

Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc () was a regional political alliance supporting the Mayor of Kiev Leonid Chernovetskyi based in the city of Kiev. At the 2008 combined Kiev Mayoral election and Kiev City Council election the party won the most seats in the Kiev City Council. the faction of the Bloc disbanded itself in the Kiev City Council on September 22, 2011. All the deputies that were members of the faction at the time where then considered as independents.
Kiev Mayoral election May 2008.
At the May 2008 Kiev City Council election the party won 43 out of the 120 seats (gaining 9% more votes)

</doc>
<doc id="19720790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720790" title="Adore (song)">
Adore (song)

"Adore" is a song by Prince. It is the last track on his 1987 double album "Sign "O" the Times", following the live track "It's Gonna Be a Beautiful Night" (the crowd noise from which bleeds into the beginning of the song). A long, ornate slow jam featuring Atlanta Bliss and Eric Leeds on horns, it was described by "NME" reviewer Paolo Hewitt as "a sugar ballad that harks back to the Stylistics but is indelibly Prince's, a lush yet remarkable piece of music, and a fitting climax". It received significant radio play despite never being released as a single, and became an occasional part of Prince's concert repertoire. A 4:39-long edit of the song was included on the 1993 compilation album "The Hits/The B-Sides", and the "Girl 6" soundtrack album features the full-length version. A live performance of "Adore" with piano accompaniment is contained on Prince's 2002 box set "One Nite Alone... Live!". 
In 2010, users of AOL Radio voted "Adore" #2 on a ranked list of Prince's best songs.
Cover versions, references and samples.
Other performers who have recorded "Adore" include Silk, TQ, Julius Papp, and Joe Roberts.
Usher alludes to "Adore" in the lyrics of his song "U Got It Bad".
The song "All That" on Carmen Electra's Prince-produced debut album is based on a sample from "Adore" .

</doc>
<doc id="19720797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720797" title="Tooth Fairy (disambiguation)">
Tooth Fairy (disambiguation)

The Tooth fairy is a mythical creature who gives out money in exchange for teeth.
Tooth Fairy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19720804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720804" title="Deon Dreyer">
Deon Dreyer

Deon Dreyer (7 August 1974 – 17 December 1994) was a South African recreational scuba diver who died in Bushman's Hole in South Africa.
Death.
Dreyer drowned while helping a team assembled by Nuno Gomes set up conditions for a deep, technical dive that was to take place later that week. According to first hand accounts from those diving with him, Dreyer was lost on ascent around 50 meters from the surface. It was claimed that this was probably due to a loss of consciousness caused by either oxygen toxicity or hypercapnia caused by high work-rate of breathing at depth.
A plaque was erected at the entrance to Bushman's Hole in commemoration of Dreyer. In the book, "Diving Into Darkness: A True Story of Death and Survival" by Phillip Finch, it was suggested that one of the reasons Dreyer's death created such an impression on the cave diving community was because of the plaque. Most other divers who die, even whilst cave diving, have their bodies recovered. However, for many years it was assumed that Dreyer's body would never be recovered from the cave because it was simply too deep, but the plaque was a continual reminder to cave divers that his body lay within.
Recovery of Dreyer's body.
Dreyer's body remained in the cave until being discovered ten years later at a depth of 270 meters (890 ft) by renowned cave diver David Shaw. On 8 January 2005 an attempt made by Shaw to recover the body resulted in his death, and nearly claimed the life of support diver Don Shirley. The bodies of Dreyer and Shaw were ultimately recovered on 12 January 2005, while part of the staff was recovering part of the technical equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19720809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720809" title="Jump Salty">
Jump Salty

Jump Salty is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on CD in July 1994 through Lookout! Records. The compilation album featured tracks from the group's debut extended play "Tründle and Spring", "Fahizah" and also consists of compilation appearances. "Jump Salty" was re-released on CD and for the first time on vinyl by Recess Records on February 12, 2010. After the compilation's release, guitarist Mike Kirsch left the band and was replaced by Jason White.
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19720811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720811" title="The Older Stuff">
The Older Stuff

The Older Stuff: Best of Michael Nesmith (1970-1973) (or more simply The Older Stuff) is a compilation album by Michael Nesmith, released in 1991.
As a follow-up to "The Newer Stuff", this release includes tracks from the albums released on RCA records from 1970-1973.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael Nesmith except where otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19720831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720831" title="Bipartite dimension">
Bipartite dimension

In the mathematical field of graph theory, the bipartite dimension or biclique cover number of a graph "G" = ("V", "E") is the minimum number of bicliques, that is, complete bipartite subgraphs, needed to cover all edges in "E". A collection of bicliques covering all edges in "G" is called a biclique edge cover, or sometimes biclique cover. The bipartite dimension of "G" is often denoted by the symbol "d"("G").
Example.
An example for a biclique edge cover is given in the following diagrams:
Bipartite dimension formulas for some graphs.
The biclique dimension of the "n"-vertex complete graph, formula_1 is formula_2.
The bipartite dimension of a "2n"-vertex
crown graph equals formula_3, where
is the inverse function of the central binomial coefficient .
has formula_6 and the cycle formula_7 has formula_8.
Computing the bipartite dimension.
The computational task of determining the bipartite dimension for a given graph "G" is an optimization problem. The decision problem for bipartite dimension can be phrased as:
This problem appears as problem GT18 in Garey and Johnson's classical book on NP-completeness, and is a rather straightforward reformulation of
another decision problem on families of finite sets.
The set basis problem appears as problem SP7 in Garey and Johnson's book.
Here, for a family formula_12 of subsets of a finite set formula_13,
a set basis for formula_14 is another family of subsets formula_15 of formula_13, such that every set formula_17 can be described as the union of some basis elements from formula_18. The set basis problem is now given as follows:
In its former formulation, the problem was proved to be NP-complete by , even for bipartite graphs. The formulation as a set basis problem was proved to be NP-complete earlier by . The problem remains NP-hard even if we restrict our attention to bipartite graphs whose bipartite dimension is guaranteed to be at most formula_24, with "n" denoting the size of the given problem instance . On the positive side, the problem is solvable in polynomial time on bipartite domino-free graphs .
Regarding the existence of approximation algorithms, proved that the problem cannot be approximated well (assuming P ≠ NP). Indeed, the bipartite dimension is NP-hard to approximate within formula_25 for every fixed formula_26, already for bipartite graphs .
In contrast, proving that the problem is fixed-parameter tractable is an exercise in designing kernelization algorithms, which appears as such in the textbook by . also provide a concrete bound on the size of the resulting kernel, which has meanwhile been improved by .
In fact, for a given bipartite graph on "n" vertices, it can be decided in time formula_27 with formula_28 whether its bipartite dimension is at most "k" 
Applications.
The problem of determining the bipartite dimension of a graph appears in various contexts of computing. For instance, in computer systems, different users of a system can be allowed or disallowed accessing various resources. In a role-based access control system, a role provides access rights to a set of resources. A user can own multiple roles, and he has permission to access all resources granted by some of his roles. Also, a role can be owned by multiple users. The "role mining problem" is to find a minimum set of roles, such that for each user, his roles taken together grant access to all specified resources. The set of users together with the set of resources in the system naturally induces a bipartite graph, whose edges are permissions. Each biclique in this graph is a potential role, and the optimum solutions to the role mining problem are precisely the minimum biclique edge covers .
A similar scenario is known in computer security, more specifically in secure broadcasting. In that setup, several messages need to be sent each to a set of receivers, over an insecure channel. Each message has to be encrypted using some cryptographic key that is known only to the intended receivers. Each receiver may possess multiple encryption keys, and each key will be distributed to multiple receivers. The "optimum key generation problem" is to find a minimum set of encryption keys for ensuring secure transmission. As above, the problem can be modeled using a bipartite graph whose minimum biclique edge covers coincide with the solutions to the optimum key generation problem .
A different application lies biology, where minimum biclique edge covers are used in mathematical models of human leukocyte antigen (HLA) serology .

</doc>
<doc id="19720838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720838" title="SNCASE SE.3200 Frelon">
SNCASE SE.3200 Frelon

The SNCASE SE.3200 Frelon ("Hornet") is a French helicopter built in the late 1950s. This is one of the few known failures of the French aerospace industry for rotorcraft.
Development.
SNCASE SE 3200 Frelon was a heavy helicopter designed to equip the French Armed Forces, replacing the Sikorsky S-58 built under license by then SNCASE (Société Nationale de Construction Aéronautique Southeast). 
The technical project required a device to remain in class 5 tonnes gross weight. Equipped with three turbines Turbomeca Turmo II 750 hp, to avoid all risk of engine failure, driving the main rotor composed with four blades, SE 3200 Frelon presenting with a fuselage rather short on the sides with two fuel tanks a capacity of 1100 liters each offering the opportunity to be drop with the tip back, swivel, should facilitate the loading of light vehicles.
The Frelon was able to carry light vehicles or 20 to 25 passengers and was equipped with a fixed tricycle landing gear. The goal was to build a multirole helicopter for the French Army, Air Forces and Navy.
Test.
Only two prototypes were built and he first one flew on 10 June 1959 at Paris – Le Bourget Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19720840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720840" title="World Bank Oslo 2002 Protests">
World Bank Oslo 2002 Protests

During the World Bank Annual Bank Conference on Development Economics in Oslo, Norway in 2002 large globalization-critical protests were held. A coalition of many organizations organized an alternative conference and a demonstration with more than 10 000 participants, thus making it the largest mass mobilisation in Norway in recent history. Before the protests, there was much concern about violence and riots, but the actual protest was almost entirely peaceful with a few minor incidents.
The conference.
The World Bank has held its Annual World Bank Conference on Development Economics (ABCDE) since 1988.
The June 24–26, 2002 conference focused on poverty and on implementing the commitments made of the Monterrey Consensus from March the same year.
The conference was held in the hills above Oslo, in a hotel at Holmenkollen. It was originally planned to be held in Stockholm, Sweden, but was moved to Oslo so as not to interfere with the Swedish general election, 2002.
Purpose and organization of the protests.
The protests were organized by Oslo 2002, an umbrella organization for about 50 participating organizations including labor unions, political parties, environmental organizations, church organizations and ATTAC from Norway, Sweden and Denmark. While each participant had its own reasons, here were the Oslo 2002 network mottos:
The network claimed that the World Bank is an undemocratic institution used by rich nations to control poor countries. Einar Braathen and Reidun Heiene of ATTAC Norway and the Oslo 2002 network also criticized the bank for believing too much in market-based solutions.
Prelude.
In the weeks leading up to the conference and protests there was much concern about possible violence. The protests during the EU summit in Gothenburg 2001 were marred with vandalism and violent clashes between police and masked protesters. The previous year's World Bank conference in Barcelona had to be cancelled and held online instead.
Many protesters were expected from other countries, especially neighboring Sweden and Denmark, but also some other parts of Europe. Extra border patrols were put in place between Sweden and Norway, a border that is normally uncontrolled. There were lists of at least 500 persons who would not be allowed to enter the country. An 18-year-old Swedish man was arrested in Oslo and later deported to Sweden. Another nine were apprehended at the Svinesund border crossing, but later released. A bus with 27 Danish citizens was stopped and their passports were copied by the police. Representatives for the protest organizers said the police should not arrest people who had committed no crime using anti-terrorist laws because it would label all protesters as criminals.
Some downtown merchants were afraid of vandalism. Vehicles were not be allowed to stop in downtown Oslo for five days, buses and trains were stopped during the march and garbage cans were removed from the streets.
900 Norwegian police officers trained before the conference at a temporary training ground on the closed Fornebu airport. 20 courtrooms with judges were kept ready to handle urgent cases. A special holding facility was also constructed. The police primarily feared that unofficial protests after the large march would become violent, especially the anarchist Blitz movement. Another worry was provocation from counter-demonstrations by neo-nazi and extreme right-wing groups.
The organizers, Oslo 2002, said they did not expect violence and they have been assured by the police there would be no provocations. Masks were not allowed in the demonstration.
Protest march.
The protest march on June 24 started at 18.30 from Oslo Central Station and proceeded around central Oslo. Over 10,000 people participated in the march that was described by news writers as peaceful, colorful and carnival-like. At 19.45 the first marchers came back to Jernbanetorget along Karl Johans Street. On the square there were speeches on the theme "Vår verden er ikke til salgs - stopp Verdensbanken" (Our world is not for sale - stop the World Bank).
The police kept a low profile but waited nearby. After the demonstration reached the end, at least ten stones where thrown towards a McDonalds restaurant, but no window was broken. They throwers were soon stopped by older participants.
Later in the evening was an unorganized after party in a central city park, which was also peaceful except for a quarrel between youths, apparently over a personal conflict rather than for political reasons.
Alternative conference.
An alternative conference called Open Forum (Åpent Forum) was held on Sunday 23 June. It focused on the negative effects of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. The conference was opened by Kenneth Kaunda, former president of Zambia. He said the World Bank's move away from structural adjustment programmes toward poverty reduction represents little more than window dressing and called for "a second liberation from global financial strangulation of mankind spearheaded by the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the World Trade Organisation."
The Open Forum aimed to share experiences by various social organizations, national and international NGOs, Jubilee South, the Norwegian Cancel the Debt Coalition (SLUG), ATTAC; peace- and human rights organisations, anti-globalisation initiatives and World Bank critics like SAPRIN. They criticized the World Bank for being undemocratic and becoming too powerful, at the cost of the United Nations. According to the organizers, the fundamentally undemocratic development hurt the poorest people in the world. They refuted the banks claims of reform saying it did not learn from its mistakes.
Attac also organized a debate evening at University of Oslo where some World Bank representatives and critics met and discussed.
Aftermath.
A police representative was happy that the protest was calm and that everybody could enjoy the nice summer day in Oslo and protest at the same time. Gustav Fridolin of the Swedish Green Party who participated in the protest commented that the Norwegian police had learned from the mistakes of the Swedish police in Gothenburg the year before. In his closing speech of the ABCDE conference David Hulme from Manchester University called (somewhat jokingly) for a "strategy for reduced arrogance". Several speakers had called for a reform of the World Bank where the fight against world poverty is taken seriously.

</doc>
<doc id="19720844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720844" title="Yaroslav Hodzyur">
Yaroslav Hodzyur

Yaroslav Hodzyur (, born 6 March 1985 in Ivano-Frankivsk) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing for FC Terek Grozny.

</doc>
<doc id="19720856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720856" title="Prayer walk">
Prayer walk

A prayer walk is an activity that consists in walking and praying at the same time. It's done not for the physical benefit but for the spiritual exercise, either publicly functioning also as a demonstration or rally (to let other people know the group is praying), or quietly in sight of the subject. For instance, a person or group may be praying for a town or city, and walk the streets of the city while praying, either out loud, or in silence.

</doc>
<doc id="19720860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720860" title="1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 50 kilometres walk">
1999 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 50 kilometres walk

The Men's 50 km Walk at the 1999 World Championships in Sevilla, Spain was held on Wednesday August 25, 1999, with the start at 07:45h local time
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19720873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720873" title="2009 Detroit Tigers season">
2009 Detroit Tigers season

The 2009 Detroit Tigers season was the team's 109th season. The Tigers' new slogan for 2009 was "Always a Tiger." It replaced the 2006–2008 slogan "Who's Your Tiger?"
The Tigers ended the season on October 6 with a 6–5 loss in 12 innings to the Minnesota Twins in the tie-breaker game to win the AL Central. The Tigers spent 146 days in first place and became the first team in Major League history to lose a three-game lead with four games left to play.
Trades.
On July 30, the Tigers traded outfielder Josh Anderson to Kansas City for cash considerations.
On July 31, the Tigers traded rookie left-handed pitcher Luke French and left-handed pitcher Mauricio Robles to Seattle for veteran left-handed starting pitcher Jarrod Washburn.
On August 17, the Tigers traded pitcher Brett Jacobson to Baltimore for Aubrey Huff.
Season highlights.
The Tigers' home opener was on April 10 against the Texas Rangers. The Tigers won that game 15–2, which included a grand slam by Miguel Cabrera and finished the series with a sweep.
The Tigers swept their rivals the Indians in Cleveland during the second weekend of May. The Tigers also completed back-to-back sweeps in May, against the Athletics and the Rangers. The Tigers also completed back-to-back sweeps in late June, over the Brewers and Cubs.
On May 15, the Tigers hit 2 grand slams in a game, only the third time in team history.
On June 19, Instant replay was used twice in the Tigers' 10-4 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers at Comerica Park, the first time that's happened in league history. Miguel Cabrera's third-inning single off the top of the wall is called a home run after instant replay review shows that it had actually cleared the wall. Contrarily, Dusty Ryan's fourth-inning home run was overturned to a ground rule double. Later that weekend, the Tigers won the series with a sweep.
On May 19, Dontrelle Willis and four relief pitchers combined to throw a one-hitter in a 4–0 Tigers Victory. Willis had a stretch in which he retired 17 straight batters 
The Tigers completed back-to-back sweeps against the Indians and Rays in early September.
The Tigers held the 1st place position from May 8 until they lost it to the Twins in the tiebreaker game on October 6.
The Tigers swept the Indians for the third time of the season in late September.
Player stats.
"Through September 17, 2009"
Batting.
"Pitchers batting statistics not included"
Relief pitchers.
"* No longer on active roster"

</doc>
<doc id="19720886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720886" title="New Castile">
New Castile

New Castile may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19720907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720907" title="United States Senate election in Georgia, 2004">
United States Senate election in Georgia, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Georgia took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Zell Miller decided to retire, leaving an open seat. Majette became both the first African American and the first woman to be nominated for the U.S. Senate in Georgia. Republican Johnny Isakson won the open seat.
Campaign.
Majette's announcement that she would seek to replace Miller also caught Democrats by surprise, as she was not on anyone's call list when Democrats began seeking a candidate to replace Miller. Further skepticism among Democrats about the viability of her candidacy surfaced when she announced that "God" had told her to run for the Senate. She received important endorsements from US Senators Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Debbie Stabenow of Michigan, along with many others in Washington who campaigned and raised money for Majette. Her Senate campaign slogan was "I'll be nobody's Senator, but yours."
A number of factors led to Isakson's victory. These include the Democrat's late start, her valuable time and money spent in the runoff, larger conservative turnout from proposed constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages (which Majette opposed), the popularity of President George W. Bush, and her lack of experience (being a one term congresswoman).

</doc>
<doc id="19720940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720940" title="Kalle Randalu">
Kalle Randalu

Kalle Randalu (born in Tallinn, 25 November 1956) is an Estonian pianist. 
Randalu was trained at the Moscow Conservatory under Lev Vlassenko. In 1981-82 Randalu was awarded two competition prizes: he shared the VII Tchaikovsky Competition's 4th prize with Dmitri Gaiduk; and shared the VIII Schumann Competition's 3rd prize with Balázs Szokolay. He subsequently won the 1985 ARD Competition in Munich, and settled in Germany in 1988. He is a professor at the Musikhochschule Karlsruhe and an honorary doctor of the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre.
Randalu has performed internationally. He has made recordings of chamber music by Carl Reinecke, Zdeněk Fibich, Gabriel Fauré, Charles Koechlin, André Caplet, Béla Bartók, Erwin Schulhoff, Gideon Klein, Paul Hindemith and Pēteris Vasks. In addition, he has recorded Raimo Kangro's 2nd piano concerto and Lepo Sumera's Piano Concerto.

</doc>
<doc id="19720942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720942" title="Coskata-Coatue Wildlife Refuge">
Coskata-Coatue Wildlife Refuge

The Coskata-Coatue Wildlife Refuge is a nature preserve on Nantucket Island and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations. It encompasses miles of beaches, the largest red cedar woodland in New England and Great Point Light.

</doc>
<doc id="19720945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720945" title="African Diaspora Film Festival">
African Diaspora Film Festival

The African Diaspora Film Festival was founded in 1992 by Diarah N’Daw-Spech and her husband Reinaldo Barroso-Spech.
It is based in New York City and brings their films from Europe, Latin America, Asia and, of course, Africa. All films screened in over 15 years wanted to show how Africans, people of African descent and black people all over the world live and face reality. Themes are related to history (colonialism, independence, contemporary issues), politics (current affairs, migration, refugees, war) social problems (poverty, access to water, discrimination) and culture (music, dance, traditions, food).
Since 1992 it takes place every year in Manhattan, between the end of November and the middle of December. Usually it opens with a major film, directed by a well-known black filmmaker or featuring famous actors. Then, for two weeks a very articulate program follows: it is divided into sections (films from the same country, the same director or focusing on the same topic) and often directors and actors come to the screening to talk to the audience about their film. The program includes screening of feature films and documentaries, panel discussions, meetings with filmmakers and some special event where people interested in sharing aspects and ideas of the black culture can meet and talk.
Being the USA a multi-cultural country and, despite that, being so difficult to be black and get to know the black culture, the African Diaspora Film Festival is an important opportunity for people of color to see their reality through their own point of view. Every year around 7.000 people take part to it.
During the rest of the year the African Diaspora Film Festival moves to in different places to keep promoting the African culture knowledge. A selection of films is shown in Brooklyn, New York City at the Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) and in New Jersey. An important number of films is also shown in Curaçao, in the middle of a traditional African context.

</doc>
<doc id="19720950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720950" title="102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion">
102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion

The 102nd SS Heavy-Panzer Battalion 102 (German: Schwere SS-Panzer-Abteilung 102) was a heavy-tank battalion of the Waffen SS during World War II.
It fought as part of the II SS Panzer Corps during the Battle of Normandy and was nearly destroyed. Renamed as 502nd SS Heavy-Panzer Battalion, (German: Schwere SS-Panzer-Abteilung 502) the unit was destroyed by the Russians in the Halbe Pocket in Spring 1945.
Formation.
In April 1943, the Waffen-SS ordered the creation of a series of Heavy Panzer Battalions — equipped with the new Tiger I tanks — for use in offensive actions on the Eastern Front. Each of the heavy tank battalions would be attached to a Corps of the Waffen SS. Upon formation, the 102nd was attached to the II SS Panzer Corps. Originally, each heavy tank battalion was composed of a single company of Tiger I's, attached to each respective SS Panzer Division in the Panzerkorps. By July 1943, the predecessor of the 102nd — SS Panzer Regiment 2 of the 2nd SS Panzer Division "Das Reich" — was equipped with 14 Tiger I's.
Normandy.
The battalion was sent to Normandy after the D Day landings, and took part in the fighting for Point 112. The Battalion was almost completely destroyed during the fighting in Normandy and in September 1944, was pulled back to Germany to reform. Stationed in Sennelager. the Battalion was renamed the 502 SS Heavy Panzer Battalion. 
The Eastern Front (1945).
Renamed as "Schwere SS-Panzer-Abteilung 502" and equipped with Tiger II Tanks (Königstiger), the Battalion took part in the defense against the Russians at the Oder-Front. During the Russian offensive to take Berlin, the Battalion was forced to retreat and was surrounded in the Halbe-Pocket where the Battalion was nearly destroyed. Only a few men could escape into American captivity.
Commanding officers.
The 102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion was commandet by the following SS officers:
Notable crew.
The following men were also awarded the Knight's Cross when serving with the battalion.
Combat History.
The 102nd SS Heavy Panzer Battalion over its history lost 76 tanks destroyed 600 enemy tanks a kill ratio of 6.89.

</doc>
<doc id="19720958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720958" title="Christmas Time's A-Comin' (album)">
Christmas Time's A-Comin' (album)

"Christmas Time's A-Comin'" is an album of Christmas music released in late 1994 by American country music singer Sammy Kershaw. His first seasonal project, it comprises a mix of traditional songs and newly recorded material. The title track, a bluegrass holiday standard authored by Benjamin "Tex" Logan, charted in 1995 and 1998 on the "Billboard" country charts, respectively reaching #50 and #53 those years.

</doc>
<doc id="19720965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720965" title="Tromedja (mountain peak)">
Tromedja (mountain peak)

Tromedja (; Montenegrin and Serbian: Тромеђа, "Tromeđa") is a mountain in the Bogićevica area in the Prokletije range. Its peak which measures a height of above sea level forms a boundary between Albania, Kosovo and Montenegro. Albania contains the south of the mountain which is the majority of it, Kosovo the north-east and Montenegro the north-west. There is a valley in the Albanian and Kosovan side of the mountain. The village of Debërdol in Albania is located quite close to the summit.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19720972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720972" title="Nkambé">
Nkambé

Nkambé is a city in the Northwest Province of Cameroon. It is the chef-lieu of the Donga-Mantung départment.

</doc>
<doc id="19720977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720977" title="William Le Poer Trench (Royal Navy officer)">
William Le Poer Trench (Royal Navy officer)

Rear-Admiral The Hon. William Le Poer Trench (4 July 1771 – 14 August 1846) was born in Garbally, Galway, Ireland to William Power Keating Trench, 1st Earl of Clancarty and Anne Gardiner. He was married twice, first on 8 March 1800 to Sarah Cuppage, daughter of John Loftus Cuppage. Sarah died in June 1834, and on 1 February 1837 William married a second time to Margaret Downing, daughter of Dawson Downing and Anne Boyd. He acted for a considerable period as the agent of the estates of his father's family in Ireland. 
He was made a Lieutenant in the Royal Navy in 1793; promoted to the rank of Commander in 1799; to that of Post Captain 1802; and to that of Rear Admiral in 1840. 
In 1819 he was appointed Secretary to the Board of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="19720982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720982" title="Ellis Stanyon">
Ellis Stanyon

William Ellis Stanyon (January 1870 - September 1951) was a professional magician and magic dealer in London.
History.
Stanyon published and edited "Stanyon's Magic". In the first issue of "Magic" he set out his intention which was to‚ 'popularize the Art of Sleight of Hand'. It was first published in October 1900 and ran for 177 issues with a break during World War I; the final issue was published in June 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19720992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19720992" title="Micki Pistorius">
Micki Pistorius

Micki Pistorius (born 19 March 1961 in Pretoria) is a South African profiler and author. She was the first profiler to be appointed to the South African Police Service (SAPS). She was the founder and commander of the Investigative Psych Unit, Serious and Violent Crimes Component, of SAPS and spent six years as a profiler. She authored the first doctoral thesis on Serial Killers in South Africa. She was involved in more than thirty serial killer cases and participated in the training of nearly two hundred detectives in the investigation of serial homicides.
She is the aunt of paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius.

</doc>
<doc id="19721002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721002" title="The History of Otis Redding">
The History of Otis Redding

The History of Otis Redding is the first of numerous compilations of Otis Redding songs, featuring hits from 1962 to early 1967. Released one month prior to Redding's death in December 1967, it was the final album (and only compilation album) issued during his lifetime. 

</doc>
<doc id="19721011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721011" title="Pratapgarh district, Rajasthan">
Pratapgarh district, Rajasthan

Pratapgarh district () is the 33rd district of Rajasthan, created on 26 January 2008. It is a part of Udaipur Division and has been carved out from the erstwhile tehsils of Chittorgarh, Udaipur and Banswara districts. Pratapgarh town (Pin Code 312605, STD Code 01478) is the administrative headquarters of the district.
As of 2011 it is the second least populous district of Rajasthan (out of 33), after Jaisalmer.
History.
Sisodia clan is amongst the ancient royal families in India. This family ruled Mewar for more than eight hundred years. The famous Rajputs- Maharana Sangram Singh (also known as Rana Sanga), Maharana Kumbha and Maharana Pratap (May 9, 1540 – January 19, 1597) all belonged to this family. The rulers of 'Partabgadh-Raj' were descendants of Sisodia clan of Mewar Rajputs.
Maharana Kumbha (1433–1468) was the ruler of Chittaurgarh state in 14th century. Legend has it that due to some family dispute on property issues with his cousin Kshem Singh alias Kshemkarna (1437–1473), angry King Kumbha expelled him from his territory. Kshemkarn's family was refugee for some time and lived in the Aravali ranges in the southernmost part of Mewar regime. In 1514, Kshemkarn’s son Prince Surajmal (1473–1530) became the ruler of "Devalia". Surajmal established his capital of ‘Kanthal-Desh’ at "Dewaliya", (also called Devgarh), a small town about 10 km in the west from present Pratapgarh town, where old temples, cenotaphs, a historical palace and other ruins of bygone Partabgarh regime still can be seen. Thus, historically, Pratapgarh has been an integral part of Mewar Rulers of Udaipur.
The name of Pratapgarh is after "Maharawat" Pratap Singh and not Maharana Pratap, as commonly mistaken!
It is said that 'as the climate of Devgarh was not found to be suitable by the royal family', one of the descendants of Surajmal, Maharawat Pratap Singh of 10th generation (1673–1708) started to build a new town ahed of native village Devgarh in 1689–1699 and later named it as "Partabgarh", with a fortwall around his new palace and small township with eight entry gates. At that time, the area of Pratapgarh was reported to be about 889 square miles, whereas Dhariyawad, another small town near Pratapgarh, was founded by Rana "Sahasmal", the grandson of legendary "Maharana Pratap" in the mid 15th century.
Family tree.
The successive rulers of Pratapgarh after Kshemkarna (1437–1473) were Soorajmal (1473–1530) Bagh Singh (1530–1535), Rai Singh (1535–1552), Vikram Singh (1552–1563), Tej Singh (1563–1593), Bhanu Singh (1593–1597), Singha (1597–1628), Jaswant Singh (1628) Hari Singh (1628–1673), Maharawat Pratap Singh (1673–1708), Prithwi Singh (1708–1718), Sangram Singh (1718–1719), Ummed Singh (1719–1721), Gopal Singh (1721–1756), Saalim Singh (1756–1774), Saamant Singh (1774–1844), Dalpat singh (1844–1864), Uday Singh (1864–1890), Raghunath Singh (1890–1929), Sir Ram Singh (1929–1940) and Ambika Pratap Singh (1940–1948) who lives in Pune after leaving his native place.
Foundation.
During the regime of "Pratap Singh" the actual work of establishing a small town at viilage 'Doderiya-ka-Kheda', started in 1699 AD. It was he, who developed the main market ("Sadar Bazar") first of all. A detailed and proper planning was done before starting the construction-work. As per the plans, it was decided to build 3 main Markets, 52 Streets, some Hindu temples, etc. in the first instance.
As Pratapgarh started developing, the old capital of Devgarh started getting neglected. The royal palace of Devgarh wore a deserted look and started getting gradually deteriorated. One of successors of "Pratap singh", "Gopal Singh" took over the reins of the "partabgarh-raj" in 1721. He developed the 'Gopalgunj Mohalla' during his regime. His son "Saalim Singh" continued the construction work further and developed the 'Saalampura-Mohalla' and founded a new village called 'Saalamgarh' little away from the main town. It was during his rule that Pratapgarh was cordoned off by building up city's fort-walls on all the sides. There were 8 gates of entry provided during that time. Bigger gates were named as 'Sooraj-pole', 'Bhatpura-Baaree', 'Dewaliya-Darwaazaa' and 'Dhamottar-Darwaazaa'. The smaller ones were called 'Taalab Baaree' and 'Qilaa Baaree'. All of these were manned by armed security guards during the day and were closed in the night. Tukoji, the chief of Army of Malhar Rao Holkar made an attack on Pratapgarh in 1761, but could not succeed to overpower it, nor could he get any ransom.
Pratapgarh remained to a large extent unaffected during the Mughal era. At that time the state of Pratapgarh used to pay a ransom of Rs. 15,000 annually to the Delhi-rulers. Saalim Singh obtained written permission from the then Mughal king Shah Alam II to introduce a local currency for his state and named it as "Saalimshahi-Sikka" (coin), which was made in a local mint-("Partabgarh-Taksal"). In 1763, Malhar Rao Holkar (16 March 1693 – 20 May 1766), while proceeding towards Udaipur, extorted some amount from Saalim Singh, who later also sent his troops to assist Ari Singh, the ruler of Mewar, when some local 'Sardaars' revolted against him in 1768.
During the regime of Saamant Singh, (the elder son of Saalim Singh), Marathas continued to harass Pratapgarh-state and Saamant Singh had no option but to agree to pay a sum of Rs. 72,720/- annually as "Khiraj" to keep the Maratha-invadors away.
However, to save the state from the regular extortion by Holkers, Saamant Singh entered into an agreement with the English Government in 1804 'to pay the same amount of "Khiraj"(खिराज) to the Britishers instead. But due to new political policies of Lord Cornwallis, this treaty could not sustain for long, resulting into taking over the state of Pratapgarh into the direct control of British rulers.
Saamant Singh handed over the administration to his eldest son Deep Singh, just after the English treaty in 1804, who administered the state in the initial stage more or less satisfactorily, but rebellions against him soon started raising their heads. He got assisinated some persons, who were antagonistic to him and his 'policies'. Displeased by his deed, the British Government asked him to leave Pratapgarh forever to stay in village Devalia for rest of his life, but Deep Singh did not like this 'seclusion'. After some time when he returned from the confinment to Pratapgarh defying the orders of British, an English army-troop defeated him in a battle and imprisoned him in Achnera-(H.Q. Arnod), where he breathed his last in 1826.
The period of Raja Gopal Singh, between 1827 and 1864 was an epoch of turmoil and polititical instability in Pratapgarh.
Since the early times the major area, especially the north-western part of this region had very dense forests, a separate state forest department in 1828, was created to manage state's exceptionally rich forest-wealth.
In 1865 Uday Singh became the "Raja", who introduced some reforms, established civil courts, started relief works during the notorious Great Famine of 1876–78, opened fair price shops for the citizens and also exempted certain civilian taxes. Uday Singh built a new palace in Pratapgarh for himself in the year 1867 AD more or less on the lines of those built by the Britishers and started living there (see picture).
He then started getting involved in the development of Pratapgarh regularly. Uday Singh opened the first Ayurvedic dispensary in Pratapgarh in 1867 AD where conventional medical treatment was given to patients. Thereafter some Pathshallas (schools) were opened in 1875 AD to provide free education all over the state.
He passed away in 1890 without having a son of his own, therefore, his widow adopted one of her first cousins- Raghunath Singh of Arnod 'Thikana' to be accepted as their legal heir. Finally in 1891 Raghunath Singh was accepted as the "Raja" by the British.
The state Police was reconstituted, and certain Land reforms especially settlement came into being in 'Khalsa villages' during Raghunath Singh's regime. It was in his tenure in that the 'English currency' was accepted as 'state currency'. The process of modernisation thus began.
A Municipal Committee was formed in 1893 AD in the capital-town during the regime of Raghunath Singh. During this period the Mandsaur-Pratapgarh road was also constructed connecting Central Province with Rajputana. A separate customs department was established. New post offices were opened, administrative departments were reorganized. Slowly the legal-machinery started getting developed and three levels of courts- The "Deewani" Court, The "Zila" Court and The High Court started functioning from Pratapgarh. After Small 'thikanas' and 'Jagirdars' were also given certain legal powers, Judiciary was separated from 'Mahakma-Khaas'. The "Zila" Court had powers up to proclaiming the capital punishment or expelling a person outside the territory "("Shahar-badar-Sazaa")". However, such a 'harsh punishment' required ratification from (the then)ruler- 'Maharaja-Saab'.
After Maharawat Raghunath Singh had retired, his son (Sir) Ram Singh became the king and during his tenure, new reforms were introduced in Agriculture, Education, Medical and local-self-government sectors. A High Court was also established during this period. Welfare measures like Insurance-scheme, retirement-benefits for the state employees were undertaken. "Praja Mandal" activities also got a boost. He also received a title of "Sir" from the British Government.
The developments continued and by 1900, Pratapgarh had a school up to Middle level (8th Standard). This was an achievement for a small town because during that time the bigger towns around like Mandsaur, Neemach, Javra, Chhoti Sadri, Badi Sadri, Nimbahera, and even chittaurgarh did not have any high schools or organised hospitals. The hospital of Pratapgarh was considered to be the biggest one in the area. It had two wards- one for Males ( of 45 beds) and another for females (30 beds capacity). It had all the facilities for surgery too. Because of the available amenities, it was named as 'Zila Hospital', which also housed the offices of District Medical and Health Officer.
Pratapgarh – An Ancient Land.
Just after the independence of India in 1947, Pratapgarh remained as an independent district between 1948 and 1952, however, due to reconstitution of district boundaries, Pratapgarh became part of the Nimbahera district and then of Chittaurgarh. Vasundhara Raje, the then Chief Minister of Rajasthan, announced Pratapgarh to be an independent district in 2008.
Well known for pure gold and glass-inlay handmade unique jewelry called "Thewa", Pratapgarh, as the 33rd district of Rajasthan, came into existence on 26 January 2008, comprising five Tehsils/ sub-divisions, Pratapgarh, Chhotee Sadri, Dhariyawad, Arnod and Peepalkhoont.
The district is dotted with "good number of ancient and historical sites", but in want of a detailed study either by the Archaeological Survey of India or by the Department of Archaeology and Museums, Government of Rajasthan, there are no 'protected monuments' as such. A few important still unexplored archaeological and historical sites include "Avleshwara", Ghotaavarshika ("Ghotarsi"), "Sidheriya", Gandharvpur ("Gandher") "Jaanagarh", "Veerpur" and many others. Sita Mata sanctuary houses pre-historic rock engravings.
Ghotarasi village is located around 10 km from the town, which has an Old Suryanarayan temple, Gotameswara is an anacient lord Shiva temple situated 18 km from Pratapgarh near Arnod town. It is believed that this temple has a secret tunnel made by "Pandvas" during their 'agyatwaas' period, which connects this place to Ujjain city.
Creation.
People of Pratapgarh were demanding to make it an independent district separate from Chittorgarh district, of which it was a part. The Government of Rajasthan declared on 6 July 2006 its intention to create Pratapgarh as a separate district. The process of officially declaring Pratapgarh as a new district took some time. Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje declared Praratapgarh as 33rd district of Rajasthan on 8 March 2007 in legislative assembly's budget session. Pratapgarh, Arnod and Chhoti Sadri tehsils from chittaurgarh district, Peepal Khoont from Banswada district and Dhariyawad from Udaipur district were unified togather to form this new district.
As Pratapgarh already had some district offices (a district session court (since 1944), district hospital, district jail etc.) and also a different vehicle registration code than Chittaurgarh, this was an apt decision. Significant progress in all spheres of economic-socio-cultural life is noticiable after 2008. However, much is to done in creating essential infra-structural facilities and overall literacy.
Geography.
Pratapgarh is located at 24.03° N 74.78° E with an average elevation of 580 meters (1610 feet above mean sea level). It is said to be the second highest place (?) in Rajasthan after Mount Abu. Situated on the junction of the Aravali mountain ranges and the Malwa Plateau its unique location prominently carries the geological characteristics of these both.
The geographical area of Pratapgarh is 4,11,736 hectares, out of which forest area is 1,20,976 hectares (2009-'10).
The average annual rainfall is 856 mm. The soil is mainly highly fertile Black Cotton Soil made of magma of volcanos. The major rivers of the district are "Jakham", "Mahi", and "Siwana" or "shiv". Other seasonal rivers are "Som", "Era", and "Karmoi". Out of five, four sub divisions except Chhoti Sadri, are notified forest blocks, where no major industry or mining activity is allowed under law. However, in non-forest regions of Chhoti Sadri (and part of Pratapgarh and Dhariyawad), small scale mining activities are in operation extracting mainly red ochre, calcite, dolomite, quartz, feldspar and soapstone. Marble, Building-stone and Limestone are also available in small quantities.
Divisions.
Pratapgarh district comprises 5 sub-divisions, Arnod, Chhoti Sadri, Dhariawad, Peepal Khoont and Pratapgarh.
The number of revenue villages in Arnod Tehsil is 178, in Choti Saari Tehsil the number is 141, Dariyawad Tehsil is 249 whereas Peepal khoont Tehsil has 23 and in Pratapgarh Tehsil there are 330 revenue villages.
The major villages of Pratapgarh district include Dhamottar, Kulmipura, Sidhhpura, Rathanjana, Dhaula Pani, Devgarh, Salamgarh, Parsola, Ghantali, Arnod, Gandher, Asawsata, Kulthana, Avleshwar, Rajora, Kuni, Hathuniya, Pratappura, Mokhampura, Barotha, Basera, Basad, Varmandal, Bajranggarh, Suhagpura, Rampuriya, Chiklad, Gyaspur, Barawarda, Bardia, Thada, Panmodi, Jhansadi, Gautmeshwara, Dalot, Ghantali, Peepalkhoont, Rajpuriya, Bambori and Bagwas.
'The old city of Pratapgarh has many narrow streets and congested houses, but in the last decade, the outer parts of the city have developed rapidly. Since 2008, new civil lines quarters, a full fledged police-line (with 120 residential houses), a modern Collectorate-building, District Stadium and Circuit house have been built, in addition to many private and public buildings in and around the town. 10 bighas of land has been earmarked in May 2011 near new collectorate campus for construction of new buildings of Judicial courts.
District administration.
Hemant Shesh has been the District Collector of Pratapgarh district from 25/10/2010 to 13/8/2011, Mrs. Teena Soni took over this charge from him on 13/8/2011. The present collector is Mohammad Shafee Kuraishee since 3 October 2012.
The erlier collectors were Dr. Prithwiraj Sankhla (from 26/01/2008 to 01/01/2009) Bhanu Prakash Yeturu (from 07/01/2009 to 16/04/2010) and Rohit Gupta (From 19/04/2010 to 19/10/2010).
The first phase of the new building of collectorate, built with an approximate cost of Rs.8.85 crores (see picture) was inaugurated and dedicated to the public by shri Ashok Gahlot, the chief minister of Rajasthan, on 18 May 2011 in presence of Union surface transport minister Dr. C. P. Joshi and many other public representatives.
This building has added a separate wing of SP office, the Zila Parishad and Distt. Statistical office, along with a new campus of all district and subordinate courts of judiciary.
Police infrastructure.
Praveen Kumar Sharma is the present SP.
Pratapgarh has 13 police stations at Pratapgarh (city), Chhotee Sadri, Dhariyawad, Arnod, Peepalkhoont, Dhaula Pani, Dhamottar, Rathanjana, Salamgarh, Suhagpura, Devgarh, Hathuniya and 16 Police-chowkis are under them. One District Jail is located in Pratapgarh and a sub-jail in Chhoti Sadri, where under trial prisoners are housed.
2256 cognizable and 6535 non-cognizable offences under the Indian Penal Code and other acts were registered in the year 2010. The alarming trend in crime is extortion and collecting illegal ransom from businessmen, by organised criminal mafia operating locally as well as from outer cities.
Judiciary.
A district and sessions' court was established in Pratapgarh in 1944, followed by the court of Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate, (in Chhoti Sadri) in 1980, Junior Judicial Magistrate’s court in 1983, Additional Judicial Magistrate’s court in 1989, Scheduled Castes-Scheduled Tribes Special Trial Court in 1992, Special court for Narcotics Cases in 1994, a District Consumers' Court, two ACJM courts (in Arnod and Dhariyawad) in 2008, and recently a “Rural Court” in 2010. Thirteen revenue courts- those of the Revenue Appeallate Authority (1), Collector & DM (1), Additional Collector & ADM (1), SDMs(5) Tehsidars (5) are also working in the district.
Culture.
Rich in natural beauty and an ideal blend of Malwa, Mewar and Vagad cultures, Pratapgarh known in earlier times as ‘Kanthal’, is surrounded by Udaipur, Banswada, Chittaurgarh districts of Rajasthan and Neemach and, Mandsaur districts of Madhya Pradesh (MP). The people of this region are more linked with MP for social obligations than other parts of Rajasthan, because Neemuch, Mandsaur and Ratlam districts of MP surround Pratapgarh boundaries in about 60% length.
The district includes habitants of all sects, religions and castes including "Bhil, Balai, Bhanti, Dhholi, Patidar, Rajput, Brahmin, Mahajan, Sunar, Darzi, Chamar, Luhar, Suthar, Nai, Dhobi, Koli", and above all "Mina"; major occupants are traditional "Meena" tribals, exclusively dependent on agriculture, animal husbandry and forestry, who have their own culture, attire, dialect, rituals, fairs and festivals. A good number of native "Bohra families" are engaged in overseas trading and business in Middle East countries.
The major attractions of the district are Sita Mata Wildlife Sanctuary and Jakham Dam, however, large number of visitors and pilgrims do visit the old temples at "Ambamata Shaktipeethh", "Bhanwarmata", "Gautameshwara Mahadev Paapmochan Teertha", "Sholi Hanuman Temple", "Deepeshwar Mandir" and many other temples. The magnificent Tomb (Dargah ) of "Saiyadi Kaka Saheb" is also a popular destination, especially amongst Daudee Bohra community of Muslims, who gather here in large numbers on the occasion of Annual "Urs" of Saiyadi Kaka Saheb.
The major fairs of this region are- "Ambamata Fair", "Sita Mata Fair", "Gautameshwara Fair" (on 'Vaishak-Poornima') and "Bhanwar Mata" Fair. Fairs on stipulated dates are also held in small places like "Shaulee-Hanumanjee", "Gangeshwara-Parsola", "Manaa-Gaon", and "Gupteshwara Mahadev" in and around Pratapgarh.
Although all major Hindu festivals like Diwali, Govardhan Puja, Holi, 'Rang-Teras','Raksha Bandhan', 'Mahashivratri', 'Hanuman Jayanti' and 'Vijayadashami' etc. are celebrated in Pratapgarh, yet 'Sharad Navratri' and 'Vasant Navratri' both are also celebrated in the city with fun and floric. "Doondhotsava" is celebrated on Holi. The people of city do not celebrate "Dhulendi' on the following day after Holi, as done all over India, but color holi is celebrated thireen days after on the hindu day of "Rang Teras". 'Gair'-Dancers can be seen all over the villages during 'Dashaamaataa' festival. A procession of folk-God Baba Ramdevji is a regular feature on 'Bhag-Dashmee Teej'. 'Sheetalaa Saptmee' is also observed in the district, when only ""Makki-Dhoklas"" (cooked before a day prior to the festival) are consumed. Some tribals have a tradition of 'second marriage' as an approved social-custom.
Like many other places in the region, the most prominent custom is ""Mautana"," where as a social-penalty, (mostly in accidental death-cases), heavy cash-fine is imposed on the culprit/s in favor of family of victim and his community. Before any auspecious event, people do organize "Gangoj", "Ratri-Jagarnaa" and also obtain a "Paatee" (clearance) from 'Devra'- a temple of local God/s.
The prominent language of this region is Hindi, however, "Kanthhalee-Bolee" composed of words from "Malwi, Mewari" and "Vagdee" (local dilects) is commonly spoken in villages.
Amongst the local Hindi writers that Pratapgarh has produced, 'Pardeshi' (1923–1977) (Real Name : Mannalal Sharma) was a well known literary figure. 'Pardeshi' indeed was a prolific writer with a contribution of 15 novels, 16 poetry-collections, 8 books for children, 5 story-collections, 3 dramas, and 14 translated books in Hindi. A small public-park, in his memory has been built at Pratapgarh by the local Municipality. However, local people consider Hemant Shesh as also their 'own writer-poet' and celebrate his contribution in various forms and on various occasions. 
Although the local tribals make different bamboo handicrafts for themselves, the most notable craft evolved by traditional goldsmiths (Raj-sonis) of Pratapgarh is precious jewelry Thewa which is in great demand amongst modern ladies in India and abroad.
Media.
Local newspapers include Dainik 'Kaanthal-Jot', 'Jai kaanthal', Dainik 'Kuber', whereas national/ state level newspapers are Dainik Navajyoti Contact @ 9982610474, 9462779697 or 01478-223342, 'Dainik Bhaaskar contact at 01478-220120,9672996870, 9887149876', 'Rajasthan Patrika.
Dainik Bhaskar, Dainik Navajyoti, and 'Rajasthan Patrika' are publishing regular featured material on Pratapgarh highlighting its daily news.
One local amateur historian Mr. "Madan Vaishnav" has done a commendable job by bringing into light lesser known historical sites of the district by writing valuable series-articles in local newspapers and magazines. Similarly local journalist "Anupam Pardesi" is also raising a voice regularly on electronic media for 'effective protection and conservation' of ignored historical sites in Pratapgarh. The chief correspondent of "Navjyoti' (Daily) Rakesh Soni has also contributed some valuable articles on the problems of the area.
A local news channel “Raj News” has also started functioning since April 2011. Local representatives of channels like E TV, TV99, Sahara, HBC and Doordarshan are highlighting Pratapgarh news on their electronic news channels.
An Information Center or media center ("Soochna Kendra") (with an initial cost of 70 lakhs) was got sanctioned by Hemant Shesh from the Government of Rajasthan. After its beginning, the Information center shall have all in-house necessary facilities for journalists and mediamen.
Cinema halls.
There are 5 cinema-halls in Pratapgarh district, three of which are in the town. They are “Archana”, “Pratap” and “Samata”. The ‘Pratap theatre’ was the first cinema-hall in the entire Udaipur zone when it was built in 1945 AD. The former ‘Darpan” cinema has now been shut. There is one small cinema-hall in Chhoti Sadri and one in Dhariyawad.
Demographics.
According to the 2011 census Pratapgarh district (Rajasthan) has a population of 868,231, roughly equal to the nation of Qatar or the US state of Delaware. This gives it a ranking of 472nd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 22.84%. Pratapgarh has a sex ratio of 982 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 56.3%.
The population of Pratapgarh in 1881 AD was 79,568; whereas it was 1,10,530 in 1951.
Economy.
Major crops of this region are wheat, barley, maize, groundnuts, soya beans, gram, mustard, and some pulses.
Opium "is also a major crop of Pratapgarh". There are 6,781 license holder-farmers in the district cultivating opium. The production of opium in 2011 in Pratapgarh district was 15,85,373.410 kg precisely as per statistics of District Opium Officer, Pratapgarh, Narcotics Bureau, Government of India.
Irrigation.
The major Irrigation project of the district is the Jakham Dam, located in Anooppura village of Pratapgarh Tehsil, 32 km from Dhariawad and 35 km from district headquarters. This dam was built on the Jakham river, which originates from a small village "Jakhamia" in "chhoti sadree" subdivision. The Jakham dam's foundation was laid on 14 May 1968 by chief minister Mohan Lal Sukhadia, however, the actual construction-work of the dam started in 1969-70. The dam itself was completed in 1986, but took another twelve years for the completion of this irrigation project in March 2000. Initially the catchment of the Jakham Dam was 5,015 MCft for irrigating 52,354 hectares of land. Out of its total water retention capacity of 5,015 MC ft, the usable water capacity is 4,671 MC ft. The cost of this project is 106.03 crore. The length of this Dam is 253 meters, out of which spillway is in 90 m in length. The area around the dam is hilly and rugged but interesting. 13 km away from the main dam, Nangaliya pick up ware has been constructed with Left main canal (39.90 km) and right main canal(34.12 km). Irrigation facility is being provided in 118 villages in Dhariawad sub-division.
Agriculture.
Pratapgarh is one of the greenest districts of Rajasthan. Major crops, as indicated above, are wheat, Maize, Soya bean and opium.
Agriculture is practised both in the valleys and on the tableland on the hilltops. Common lands account for 40% of the total geographical area, nearly 30% of the comman lands fall in the forest land category. The area is a schedule V area, predominantly inhabitaed by the tribal communities.
Meenas are the most numerous comprising about 55% of the entire population. Average landholdings are small and canal irrigation facilities are limited only to Dahriyawad and Peepal Khoont tehsils, therefore agriculture is mostly rain-fed. Besides farming, the tribal communities depend upon the forests for their food, fodder and fuel (wood requirements). Many of the members of tribal communities do migrate to nearby towns in Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh to find a job as farm-labourers or construction workers.
The production of wheat in 2009–10 was 1,90,585 MT in the district, of Maize it was 1,28,984 MT followed by Soya bean as 1,69,133, Mustered as 8,296 MT. Small quantity of Rice-production (989 MT) was also recorded.
Public representatives.
In 2009 the number of members of the Lok Sabha (the Parliament of India) was 3. Dr. Ms. Girija Vyas represents Pratapgarh in the Lok Sabha.
Members of the Legislative Assembly are Nandlal Meena (Bhartiya Janata Party) (Pratapgarh), Udailal Anjna (Chittaurgarh-Chhoti Sadree-Indian National Congress-) Nanalal Ninama (Banswada-Peepal Khoont-Indian National Congress), ), Nagraj Meena Dhariawad (ST)(Indian National Congress), Prakash Chaudhry (Badi Sadri-Pratapgarh-(Indian National Congress). Out of these five MLAs directly elected from the district are from Dhariyawad and Pratapgarh constituencies.
The duly elected Zila Parishad (2010) headed by Badri Lal Patidar consists of 17 members, whereas the Pratapgarh Municipality (Chairman-Kamlesh Doshi) has 25 and Chhoti Sadri (Chairman-Shyam sundar Agarwal) has 20 elected members (2010).
There are 152 gram panchayats (GPs) in Pratapgarh with 1630 elected members in all. Pratapgarh Block has 42 GPs, with 21 members in Panchayat Samiti (PS), 28 GPs in Arnod Block with 15 members in PS, 24 GPs in Chhoti Sadri with 15 PS members, 31 GPs in Dhariyawad Block with 17 members in PS; and 27 GPs in Peepalkhoont Block with 15 members of the PS.
New elections for class 'A' Krishi Upaj Mandi of Pratapgarh have taken place( August 2011).
Transport.
Pratapgarh is well connected with major cities in Rajasthan, Gujarat & Madhya Pradesh by road . "Daily Bus Services" connect Pratapgarh with Chittaurgarh (110 KM ), Banswara (80 KM), Udaipur (165 KM), Dungarpur (95 KM), Rajsamand (200 KM), Jodhpur (435 KM), Jaipur (421 KM) Neemach (62 km ) Ratlam (85 KM), Mandsaur (32 KM) and Delhi (705 KM) and many other cities in Rajasthan. Private Bus operators are also providing regular connectivity to Pratapgarh from nearby places.
The total length of roads in the district is 1879 km, with more than 7,500 registered light and heavy vehicles.
It is the only district without rail-connectivity in Rajasthan state. However, as a result of untiring efforts by ex-district collector Hemant Shesh, the Government of Rajasthan agreed to pursue vigorously with Ministry of Railways, Government of India to connect Pratapgarh with broad-gauge from Mandsaur (32 km), for which appropriate financial contribution to GOI may also be made by the state, if required. It is therefore, presumed that a new railway track ultimately shall be laid from Mandsaur to Pratapgarh, as publicly assured and announced by Shri Ashok Gahlot, the chief minister of Rajasthan on 18 May 2011 at Pratapgarh.
Due to Pratapgarh's strategic location, the Airport Authority of India has installed a VOR station in Pratapgarh on Dariyawad Road for guiding high altitude jet aircrafts. (It is said that Pratapgarh is at the midpoint of the Delhi-Mumbai Air Route.
An airstrip was approved by the Government of Rajasthan in April 2011 and being constructed in Varmandal village (13 km from Pratapgarh). Temporary helipads are in operation at four places in Pratapgarh, Dhariyawad, Peepalkhoont and Chhoti Sadri.
Medical and health services.
There is one 'District Hospital' at Pratapgarh (with 277 bed-capacity), 7 Community Health Centers and dispensaries, 53 Ayurvedic and homeopathy hospitals and dispensaries, 23 PHCs (Primary Health Centres), 2 allopathic dispensaries and 153 Sub-centers in Pratapgarh. Ambulance on call “Emergency 108–service” is available in Pratapgarh, Dhariyawad, Arnod, Peepalkhoont and Chhoti Sadri with nine such equipped vans. An inbuilt multi-facility Mobile Medical Unit (MMU) has also been added to Pratapgarh Civil Hospital to cater to the medical needs of far-off villages in June 2011.
Postal services and banking.
Pratapgarh has 8 post offices at Pratapgarh, Katchahri-Pratapgarh, Arnod, Dalot, Rathanjana, Dhariyawad, Chhoti Sadri, Peepalkhoont, Dhamotar and Bambori (Branch offices).
There are 26 Commercial Banks, 12 Regional Rural Banks, 4 Cooperative sector Banks, and 2 Land Development Banks. The number of ATMs available in Pratapgarh district is 11, out of which 8 are in the town, while one each is at chhoti sadri, Arnod and Dhariyawad.
Telecommunications.
Postpaid Telecommunication services are being run only by BSNL (evdo) for 13,502 consumers (9,492 Rural and 4,010 Urban consumers in 2010–11,), but Airtel, Aircell, Vodafone, Idea, Tata Indicom and Reliance Communication companies are providing 'pre-paid' facilities to other mobile phone users. There are three private cable operators in the city: 'Pratap', 'Chetak' and 'Raj'.
Education.
The standard of education in Pratapgarh has risen radically since the late 1990s, however 20,986 children of 6–14 age group were to be linked with school education under sarva shiksha abhiyan(July 2011). The first (so called) English-medium middle school "Burhani Baage Naunihal School" was opened in 1986. Since then many private educational institutes have come up including St. Paul's (English medium) School in 1989. Educational services are available for primary (up to 5th class), middle (up to 8th class), secondary (up to 10th class), higher secondary (up to 12th class) and graduation (Bachelor's Degree). There are 1453 Government schools in the district: 929 Primary, 325 Middle, 154 Secondary and 45 Senior Secondary Schools, 3 colleges for general education, 4 colleges for vocational education and 6 it is for boys and girls. One private Engineering collegenamed as “Regional Engineering college” located at Dhamottar village and a public sector Industrial training institute in the town are offering technical courses. There is also a Government polytechnic college offering technical diploma. With the initiative of the ex-district collector, a new graduate Girls' College in Public–private partnership mode (PPP mode) is underway in the town like a new Industrial training institute(ITI) in Peepal Khoont. The nearest University is Mohan Lal Sukhadia University at Udaipur, to which, most of the local colleges, including the Government College are affiliated.
Shops and fuel supply.
There are 262 Fair Price Shops (FPS) in rural areas, 25 FPS in urban locations, 3 LPG agencies, 12 Petrol Pumps in rural and 7 in urban areas for supply of LPG, Petrol and Diesel with additional 4 barrel points. There are no malls or big departmental stores in the town as yet. Opening of new FPSs in rural and urban areas is underway(2011).
Flora and fauna.
As indicated above, Since the early times the north-west part of this region had dense forests consisting of valuable "Sagwaan, Chandan, Sheesham, Saalar, Dhaak, Dhonk, Kadamb, Mahua, Babool, Imlee" and "Baans" trees in abundance and therefore in 1828 AD, a separate state forest department was created to manage state's exceptionally rich forest wealth.
The thickly wooded Sita Mata Wildlife Sanctuary sprawls over the Aravali ranges and the Malwa plateau, with three seasonal rivers flowing through the forest. Located about 45 km from Pratapgarh and 108 km from the divisional Hqrs. Udaipur, the sanctuary, covering 423 km2. of mainly dry deciduous vegetation has exceptionally rich flora and fauna. It is the only forest region, where more than half the trees are high building value teak. "Salar (Boswellia Serrata Rox. ex coleb) , Tendu (Diospyros melonoxy Roxb.), Bad (Ficus bengalensis), Peepal (Ficus Religiosa Linn.), Neem (Azadiracta Indica), Siras, Churail, Kachnar, Gulmohar, Amaltas, Bakayan, Ashok, Mahua, Semal, Goondi, Khejadi, Amla, bamboo, Sindoor, chironjee, Rudraksha" and "Bel" trees are also found in abundance.
Two new bird varieties for the first time in Rajasthan were noticed in Sita Mata WL sanctuary about five years ago, they are- White-thorated Ground thrush and Black-necked Monarch.
On the initiative of the earlier District Collector & District Magistrate "Hemant Shesh", the Botany Department of the Mohan Lal Sukhadia University, Udaipur has agreed to undertake further various research projects to study in details its rich and varied flora and fauna. Although a tentative checklist of flora and fauna available in the sanctuary has been made by the department of forest, the place offers infinite scope of indepth research in this field.
The most striking animal of Sita Mata sanctuary is the vegetarian mammal flying squirrel ('Petaurista-philippensis'), which can be seen gliding from one tree to another just around sunset.
The Sanctuary provides rich pastures for a variety of deer that includes the "Chousingha" (four-horned antelope). Caracal, wild boar, pangolin, leopard, hyena, jackal, fox, jungle cat, porcupine, spotted deer, wild bear, and neelgai are other animals found here. As per the wild life census conducted on 17 May 2011, the number of wild life animals in the sanctuary was 1711 (inclusive of 10 leopards, 538 Jackals, 38 hyenas, 39 foxes, 117 jungle cats etc.)
The best time to visit Sitamata Sanctuary is between October and February. It also houses ancient Valmiki Ashram- the birthplace of Luv and Kush (the twins born to Sita and Lord Rama), Hanuman and Sitamata temples and other places of historical and mythological importance.
Another significant place of interest in the Sanctuary 5 km from 'Tikhi Magri' is 'Lakhiya Bhata', where a series of prehistoric animals is engraved on rocks.
Serious efforts have been made by ex-collector Hemant Shesh to get this lovely sanctuary declared as the national park.
Pratapgarh-Towards being e-district.
The National Informatics Centre NIC is a part of the Indian Ministry of Communications & Information Technology headquartered in New Delhi. It has offices in all 28 state capitals, 7 union-territory headquarters and at all district headquarters. To cater to the ICT needs at the grassroots level, the NIC has also opened offices at almost all district collectorates of the country.
District Pratapgarh is actively making use of computer technology as a decision support system. The NIC Computer Centre at Pratapgarh was set up in August, 2008, to introduce and promote the informatics culture and to create the computer awareness among the masses and government organizations in particular. It provides the facilities of using NICNET and electronic mail. In close cooperation with the district administration, the NIC unit has launched many programmes for computerization in different sectors and is also regularly conducting short-term training courses on the computer related subjects .
1. "Assembly / Parliamentary Election": NIC district centre is providing all types of assistance to District Election Officer during Assembly/Parliamentary elections. List of all polling stations, staff working in District, Transport plan with various details have been computerized. Duties of Presiding/Polling officers, Zonal/Sector Magistrates to be assigned to officers/officials during election are the sole responsibility of NIC. Software with randomization technique have been prepared and is being used for assigning various election duties.
2. "Land Record Computerisation": LRC focus of work has now shifted to mutation, updating, issuing of record of rights (“Khata nakal”) to land holders, yearly rotational "Jamabandies". Entire work is being done at all tehsils HQs. with timely support in respect of software and hardware troubleshootings.
3. "TCS (Treasury):" To prepare monthly payment schedule. The role of Treasury is to control the budget of various offices / departments. The offices are getting payment through Government Bank.
4. "Sub-Treasury": Technical support and services was given to all 5 sub-treasury offices of Pratapgarh district. Data Supplied from sub-treasury is merged and consolidated and soft copy is regularly being prepared for onward transmission to the State Govt.
5. "Data Depository System (DDS):" Monthly payroll data was checked and validated on Linux clients in treasury for this purpose.
6. "Old Age Pension": Data of all 5 tehsils has been fed for generating the automated money orders to the beneficiaries. ATO (Pension) is releasing on-line payment to pensioners.
7. "Paybill Software": has been developed to prepare monthly salary bills, payinner, payouter and different reports. More than 65 DDOs are using this software and 200 DDOs are receiving the text data from Computer service providers every month.
8. "Public Grievances System" : The s/w was redesigned and tailormade programs were developed according to the need of the district administration.
9. "SUGAM," Single Window System: SUGAM S/w has been implemented at all 5 Tehsils & District headquarter. The reports generated are: Domicile certificates, Caste certificates, Income tax certificates etc.
10. "Video-Conferencing:" 80 Successful sessions of Video Conferencing were held up to 30 June 2011 between officials of district with other officials outside the district.
11. "Support Services": As directed by the HQ / State-Unit different offices in the district were periodically visited for resolving their e-problems.
12. "Comman Service Centre": Under the CSC project initiated by DOIT, 40 Kiosks have been identified so far. 28 Comman Service Centres are delivering G-2-C services at present.
13. "Sugamrpg (PGS Portal):" It is an effective portal to deal with online public grivencences.
14. "e-mitra": Two kiosks are providing services in urban areas of Pratapgarh town.

</doc>
<doc id="19721014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721014" title="Panda Inn">
Panda Inn

Panda Inn is a chain of sit-down Chinese restaurants in California owned and operated by the Panda Restaurant Group.
Its original founding goal was to bring new varieties of Chinese cuisine, such as Mandarin cuisine and Szechuan cuisine dishes, to Southern California, which had traditionally favored Chinese Cantonese cuisine.
History.
The first Panda Inn was founded by Andrew and Peggy Cherng and Andrew's father, Master Chef Ming-Tsai Cherng, all of whom used to live in the Yangzhou region of China's Jiangsu province. They started their first Panda Inn restaurant in 1973 in Pasadena, California.
In the 1980s, after many Panda Inns had been opened in Southern California, the Cherngs opened the Panda Express chain of fast food restaurants.
Andrew Cherng and his wife Peggy Tsiang Cherng are alumni of Baker University in Baldwin City, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19721017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721017" title="Doane's Falls">
Doane's Falls

Doane's Falls is a series of five waterfalls located in Royalston, Massachusetts along an section of Lawrence Brook, a tributary of the Millers River. The falls are part of a open space preserve acquired in 1959 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations. The Tully Trail passes through the property.
The preserve is open to fishing, walking, picnicing, and hiking only; swimming and wading were banned in 2002 following a series of diving injuries and deaths. Canoeing and kayaking are allowed upstream from the falls along Coddings Meadow, a flatwater section of Lawrence Brook.
Doane's Falls are part of a larger contiguous area of protected open space, connected by the Tully Trail and including the United States Army Corps of Engineers' Tully Lake flood control project, The Trustees of Reservations' Jacobs Hill and Royalston Falls properties, and Massachusetts state forest land. Tully Lake Campground, a 35-site walk-in and tent only facility jointly managed by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Trustees of Reservations, abuts the west side of the Falls property.
History.
Doane's Falls are named for Amos Doane, who operated a door, sash, and blind mill on Lawrence Brook in the 19th century. Doane's mill was one of several such ventures along the falls, of which only the foundations remain.

</doc>
<doc id="19721032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721032" title="Walnut Hills">
Walnut Hills

Walnut Hills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19721070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721070" title="Dave Konopka">
Dave Konopka

Dave Konopka is an American musician who is best known as the bassist and guitarist in Battles.
Biography.
Prior to joining Battles, he was in the Boston-based math rock band Lynx. The band had released their self-titled album on Box Factory Records in 2000. Konopka's former Lynx bandmate Michael Hutchins taught him how to play guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="19721085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721085" title="Steyn">
Steyn

Steyn is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19721121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721121" title="Bernard Chacksfield">
Bernard Chacksfield

Air Vice-Marshal Sir Bernard Albert Chacksfield KBE CB RAF (13 April 1913 – 27 December 1999) was a senior Royal Air Force officer in the 1950s and 1960s and later a chief commissioner of the The Scout Association and chairman of the Burma Star Association.
Chacksfield joined the Royal Air Force in 1927 as an apprentice aircraft engineer at RAF Halton and later at RAF Cranwell. He was selected for flying training and gaining a commission as a Pilot Officer in 1933. He served on the North West Frontier in 1933 as a Westland Wapiti pilot. By 1944 Chacksfield was in command of No. 910 Wing in Burma operating the Republic Thunderbolt fighter-bomber. By the end of the war he had been mentioned in dispatches four times. From 1945 he became an air officer and served in the Air Ministry and later with NATO. He served in a number of senior positions until finally becoming Commandant-General of the RAF Regiment in 1963. Chacksfield retired in 1968 as an Air Vice-Marshal.
With a longtime interest in the Scout movement he was appointed in 1970 as chief commissioner for the Scout Association later being awarded the movements highest award, the Silver Wolf in 1975. In retirement he became chairman on the Burma Star Association until his death from cancer in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19721127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721127" title="Ida Pollock">
Ida Pollock

Ida Julia Pollock, née Crowe (12 April 1908 – 3 December 2013), was a British writer of several short-stories and 125 romance novels that were published under her married name, Ida Pollock, and under a number of different pseudonyms: Joan M. Allen; Susan Barrie, Pamela Kent, Averil Ives, Anita Charles, Barbara Rowan, Jane Beaufort, Rose Burghley, Mary Whistler and Marguerite Bell. She has sold millions of copies over her 90-year career. She has been referred to as the "world's oldest novelist" who was still active at 105 and continued writing until her death. She found an agent for her two unpublished Regency romances at 105. On the occasion of her 105th birthday, Pollock was appointed honorary vice-president of the Romantic Novelists' Association, having been one of its founding members.
Ida and her husband, Lt-Colonel Hugh Alexander Pollock, DSO (1888–1971), a veteran of war and Winston Churchill's collaborator and editor, had a daughter, Rosemary Pollock, who is also a romance writer. Ida's autobiography, "Starlight", published on 15 November 2009, tells the story of the start of her career, her marriage, and the relation of her husband with his ex-wife Enid Blyton.
She was also an oil painter, who was selected for inclusion in a national exhibition in 2004, at the age of 96.
Biography.
First years.
Born Ida Julia Crowe on 12 April 1908 in Lewisham, Kent, England, United Kingdom, she was the daughter of Fanny Osborn, whose father was an architect in Victorian London, and her husband Arthur Crowe, but Pollock claimed to be illegitimate. Still unmarried, her mother began an affair with a supposed Russian Duke, but, after her parents death, her mother married Arthur Crowe, an old widower with a distant connection of Lord Nelson. A year or so later her mother resumed her affair with her Russian lover and became pregnant, but her daughter obtained her husband's surname. Her mother live alone when Pollock was born, and she narrowly escaped being smothered with a pillow by the nurse who attended her birth. Her mother had a difficult time raising her and she was almost adopted by a rich uncle.
Encouraged by her mother, she began to write while still at school. At 14, she published her first novella, "The Hills of Raven's Haunt".
At age 20, she was living with her mother in Hastings and already had several stories in major magazines and short novels in print. She visited the George Newnes's office in London, to sell her first full-length manuscript; "Palanquins and coloured lanterns", a novel set in 1920s Shanghai. Three months later, she discovered they had lost it. After they found it, she returned to London to meet one of its editors, the 39-year-old Hugh Alexander Pollock (1888–1971), a distinguished veteran of World War I. Hugh had been married since 1924 to his second wife, the popular children's writer Enid Blyton, and was divorced from his first wife, Marion Atkinson, with whom he had two sons, William Cecil Alexander (1914–16) and Edward Alistair (1915–69). George Newnes bought her manuscript and contracted with her to write two more novels. She became a full-time writer in the 1930s.
As a teenager, she travelled alone to Morocco, after suffering a mental breakdown.
World War II years and family.
During World War II, Ida worked at a hostel for girls in London during the blitz. While Hugh, who had left publishing to join the Army, was Commandant of a school for Home Guard officers. Hugh had two daughters with Enid Blyton, Gillian Mary (1931–2007) and Imogen Mary (born 1935), but his marriage had difficulties and his wife began a series of affairs. He offered Ida a post as civilian secretary at the Army Training Centre in the Surrey Hills. During a bungled firearms training session on a firing range, Hugh was hit by shrapnel and Ida contacted Enid, who declined to visit her husband because she was busy and hated hospitals.
In 1941 Enid met Kenneth Fraser Darrell Waters, a London surgeon with whom she began a relationship, and the marriage was broken. In May 1942, during a visit to her mother's home in Hastings, a bomb destroyed the house. She escaped unhurt, but her mother was in hospital for two weeks. Hugh paid for Ida to stay at Claridges and he said he was divorcing his wife. To get a quick divorce, Hugh blamed himself for adultery at divorce petition.
On 26 October 1943 Ida and Hugh were married at London's Guildhall Register Office, six days after Enid's marriage to Darrell Waters. In 1944 they had a daughter Rosemary Pollock, also a romance writer. Enid changed the name of their daughters and Hugh did not see them again, although Enid had promised access as part of his taking the blame for the divorce.
Romance writing career.
After World War II, George Newnes, Hugh's old firm, decided not to work with him anymore. They also represented Enid Blyton and were not willing to let her go. After this the marriage experienced financial problems and, in 1950, Hugh had to declare bankruptcy while he struggled with alcoholism.
Ida decided to write popular contemporary romances and sold her first novel to Mills & Boon in 1952. Being in print with several major international publishers at the same time, she decided to use multiple pseudonyms. In the 1950s she wrote as Susan Barrie, Pamela Kent, Rose Burghley, and Mary Whistler to Mills & Boon; as Averil Ives and Barbara Rowan to Ward Lock; as Anita Charles to Wright & Brown; and as Jane Beaufort to Collins. In 1964, she published under her married name, Ida Pollock, her first historical novel, "The Gentle Masquerade", and after the success of it, Mills and Boon's "Masquerade" series of historical romances was launched. Under her last pseudonym, Marguerite Bell, she also wrote historical romances. Most of her novels have been reprinted by Mills & Boon (or Harlequin in the United States).
In the 1970s she slowed the rhythm of publication, but continued to write. Besides romances, she published — as Barbara Rowan — a suspense novel. Her most recent novel, "A Distant Drum" (2005), is based around the Battle of Waterloo. Her autobiography, "Starlight", published on 15 November 2009, tells the story of the start of her career, her marriage, and the relation of her husband with his ex-wife Enid Blyton.
In 1960 she was a founding member of the Romantic Novelists' Association, and in 2010 she helped in its 50th anniversary. On the occasion of her 105th birthday, she was appointed its honorary vice-president.
Later years.
During her marriage she travelled widely and lived in many parts of England. It was their daughter's asthma that brought the Pollocks to Cornwall. They also lived in Ireland, France, Italy, Malta and Switzerland, where they successfully obtained a lasting cure for Rosemary's debilitating condition. Hugh died on 8 November 1971 in Malta, where he is buried in the British military cemetery. After her husband's death, Pollock returned with her daughter to England and they lived for several years in Wiltshire, before moving to Lanreath in 1986. She was an oil painter who was selected for inclusion in a national exhibition in 2004. She also constructed model houses, usually scale miniatures of Georgian or Tudor buildings. As of 2013, her newest book, "The Runaway", was "coming out soon".
She died 3 December 2013, aged 105.

</doc>
<doc id="19721133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721133" title="Luciano Masiello">
Luciano Masiello

Masiello made his first team Charlton Athletic F.C. debut in a friendly against Dutch team FC Den Bosch in 1968, made league debut in December 1969 against Norwich City F.C. at the valley winning 3-1. Luciano went on to make 10 appearances for Charlton Athletic and scored one goal against West Brom in a league cup match, also had a loan spell with Athlone Town F.C.in the League of Ireland. 
Luciano played in Italy for six years making over 200 appearances for Almas Roma, Frosinone Calcio S.S. Lazio and SS Francavilla. Also coached for a number of years in Italy before returning to England. Masiello also had spells as manager at Andover Town F.C. and also was a player/coach at Woking FC and Bromley FC.
External links.
I

</doc>
<doc id="19721159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721159" title="Pinhead Gunpowder (2008 EP)">
Pinhead Gunpowder (2008 EP)

Pinhead Gunpowder (also known by fans as the West Side Highway EP) is the second eponymously titled extended play by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on August 19, 2008, through Recess Records, the group's first release on Recess. "Pinhead Gunpowder" marked the band's first new release in over 5 years. The first pressings of the extended play were on green and blue vinyl. 
Track listing.
Vinyl colors include:
Personnel.
Additional performers
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19721167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721167" title="Kirovsky City District, Perm">
Kirovsky City District, Perm

Kirovsky () is one of the seven city districts of the city of Perm in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kama River. Population: 
History.
The city district was established on January 18, 1941 by merging the work settlement of Zakamsk () and the rural localities in its jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="19721185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721185" title="Wen Xingyu">
Wen Xingyu

Wen Xingyu (Chinese: 文兴宇; 1941–2007) was a popular comedian in mainland China. Wen is famous for his relaxing style and his talent as a senior comedian. He died due to lung cancer at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19721198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721198" title="Atanas Mihaylov">
Atanas Mihaylov

Atanas Hristov Mihaylov () (5 July 1949 – 1 October 2006) was an association football former forward and former manager. He was born in Sofia, Bulgaria. For the Bulgaria national football team Mihaylov featured in 45 games and scored 23 goals and won a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He played for his country at the 1974 World Cups. Most of Mihaylov's club career was spent with Lokomotiv Sofia, but he also played for two years in Cyprus Nea Salamina. He won the top Bulgarian league, two times. 
Mihaylov died at the age of 57 on 1 October 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19721214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721214" title="Quince cheese">
Quince cheese

Quince cheese is a sweet, thick, quince jelly or quince candy.
The recipe is probably of ancient origin; the Roman cookbook of Apicius, a collection of Roman cookery recipes compiled in the late 4th or early 5th century AD, gives recipes for stewing quince with honey.
Historically, marmalade was made from quinces, and the English word "marmalade" comes from the Portuguese word "marmelada", meaning "quince preparation" (and used to describe quince cheese or quince jam; ""marmelo"" = "quince"), but nowadays (in English) refers mainly to jams made from citrus fruits, especially oranges.
Quince cheese is prepared with quince fruits. The fruit is cooked with sugar, and turns red after a long cooking time and becomes a relatively firm quince tart, dense enough to hold its shape. The taste is sweet but slightly astringent.
In French cuisine, quince paste or "Pâte de coing" is part of the Provence Christmas traditions and part of the Thirteen desserts, which are the traditional dessert foods used in celebrating Christmas in the French region of Provence.
In Serbia, especially Vojvodina, all of Hungary, and continental Croatia, i.e.Slavonija quince cheese is an often prepared sweet and is named "kitn(i)kes", derived from German "Quittenkäse".
Quince cheese, an old New England specialty of the 18th century, required all-day boiling to achieve a solidified state, similar to the French "cotignac".
In Hungary, quince cheese is called "birsalma sajt", and is prepared with small amounts of lemon zest, cinnamon or cloves and often with peeled walnut inside. Péter Melius Juhász, the Hungarian botanist, mentioned quince cheese as early as 1578 as a fruit preparation with medical benefits.
In Pakistan, quinces are stewed together with sugar until they turn bright red. The resulting stewed quince, called "Muraba", is then preserved in jars.
In Mexico, Spain, Argentina, Chile, and Uruguay, the "membrillo", as the quince is called in Spanish, is cooked into a reddish jello-like block or firm reddish paste known as "dulce de membrillo".

</doc>
<doc id="19721227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721227" title="Doyle Reservation">
Doyle Reservation

The Doyle Reservation, located in the city of Leominster, Massachusetts, is a landscaped urban park and open space reservation managed by The Trustees of Reservations (TTOR), a non-profit conservation organization. It is also the location of TTOR's Doyle Center: a conservation education center, regional office, and green building initiative. The property consists of three main areas: "Pierce Meadow", a landscaped urban park and former estate of Harry W. Pierce; the "Doyle Center" grounds, buildings, and adjoining woodlots; and a hay field and adjoining wetland.
The Doyle Community Park was acquired as a gift of Louise I. Doyle in 1981. Additional lands were acquired in six purchases from 1991 to 2001. Reservation parking lots are located on Lindell Avenue. The property is open to walking, cross country skiing, picnicing, nature study, and dog walking. There are 3.5 miles of walking trails throughout the reservation.
Pierce Meadow.
Pierce Meadow was formerly part of a private estate belonging to Harry W. Pierce circa 1900. Pierce's estate once featured "a twenty-nine-room stucco mansion with a ballroom and conservatory, a matching stable, extensive horse paddocks, Pierce Pond, and an extensive system of bridle paths through woodland and around the pond." of Pierce's estate have been restored as a community park; the pond and bridle paths are not part of the current reservation. Trees and shrubs on the property are part of the estate's original plantings.
Doyle Center.
The Doyle Center is a green architecture initiative and regional office, conference, and education center. The structure, designed by HKT Architects of Somerville, Massachusetts and landscape architects Hines Wasser & Associates, was registered for a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design gold certification with the United States Green Building Council. The building includes "photovoltaic panels, high-efficiency lighting and controls, a displacement ventilation system, high performance windows, a high performance building envelope, geothermal wells and carbon dioxide monitoring systems;" it incorporates green materials such as desks made of sunflower seeds, bamboo and cork flooring, and recycled fiber carpet and paneling.

</doc>
<doc id="19721238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721238" title="Alissa Musto">
Alissa Musto

Alissa Musto (born in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American singer and child pianist.
She is the winner of the 2007 New England Performs competition, a talent competition with thousands of competitors from all over New England. She held the 2008 championship title for "Rhode Island's Got Talent" where she beat several adults. When she was nine years old, she was on the national television show "America's Most Talented Kid". She will sing the National Anthem at a 2009 Pawtucket Red Sox Game. She has performed numerous charity events for Mayor David Cicilline, Make A Wish Foundation and PARI. In December 2008, she performed "If I Was Santa Clause", a song written by her and her father on TV for Toys for Tots. She has performed all over New England including the Hard Rock Cafe and the Fox Theatre at Foxwoods Casino.
Early Performances.
Alissa started taking piano lessons at the age of five. She quickly caught on and started performing at local Nursing homes for the residents. She won many local piano competitions and most of the times, despite her age, was put in the older division of the competitions. Because she was only six at the time when she won her first competition, she had to carry a block to reach the sustain pedal. At this particular competition she played ""Prelude in A minor", Minute in G and Moonlight Sonata." In 2004 she was the winner of "Fall River Catches a Star" Talent Competition. She won in her age category ; 12 and under. She was also nominated NBC '"Channel 10 Spotlight
On the Student Artist"' on September 4, 2004.
America's Most Talented Kids.
In February 2005, Alissa made her debut on national television "America's Most Talented Kid". She performed a medley of Mozart and Jerry Lee Lewis. She made auditions above thousands of kids nationwide and was chosen to do a commercial for the show. The host was Dave Coulier from Full House.
2007-present.
In March 2007, Alissa won the New England Performs Regional Competition in her age category; 12 and under. The competition was opened to qualified contestants across New England. Alissa won first place and the $1500 prize. In the 2008 competition, though she did not compete, she opened the show with a performance of "Jailhouse Rock". The event was sponsored by the Warwick Rotary Club.
In August 2008, Alissa won first place in the state wide talent show " RI's Got Talent". Several hundreds of people auditioned from Massachusetts and Rhode Island, but there were only 18 finalists, half of which were adults. Alissa performed "Traveling Band Medley", an arrangement she composed with her father that incorporated Creedence Clearwater Revival, Chopin, Mozart & Beethoven. Alissa took home the $1,000 cash prize and will sing the National Anthem at a 2009 Pawtucket Red Sox Game. Charlie Hall of Ocean state Follies hosted the event which was sponsored by the East Bay Chamber of Commerce. The event was heavily covered by local press.<br>
After winning Rhode Island's Got Talent, Alissa was invited to perform on the Talent Quest TV show. Broadcast out of Boston MA, the award winning show has gained national and international attention. Alissa performed as a contestant in March 2009. Winning the 2009 episode, she was invited back as a guest performer on 2 additional episodes. That year she also made appearances on "Community Auditions" and "The Rhode Show". In September 2010, Alissa was notified that she was one of 10 finalists in the Wonderworld TV Golden Ribby Awards. Alissa received "Piano Act of the Year" in front of a live studio audience of over 2,000. The show was broadcast 4 times in December. In late 2010, Alissa was also chosen to be an ambassador for the Green School organization. In December, Alissa competed in the Music On & Up Showcase series and was selected as one of the 4 finalists to go on to the next round.
Awards.
Some of Alissa's awards and honors she has received:

</doc>
<doc id="19721241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721241" title="Aleksey Orlovetsky">
Aleksey Orlovetsky

Aleksey Orlovetsky (born in Leningrad, 1959) is a Russian pianist. 
He was trained at the Leningrad Conservatory under Grigory Sokolov, and was subsequently his assistant. In 1989-90 Orlovetsky won the VII José Iturbi Competition and was second to Enrico Pace at the II Liszt Competition in Utrecht. He has performed internationally since.
Orlovetsky is active as a pedagogue in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19721298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721298" title="United States Senate election in Hawaii, 2004">
United States Senate election in Hawaii, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Hawaii took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye won re-election to an eighth term.
Results.
Inouye won every single county with at least 70% of the vote. His best performance was in Kauai County, where he won with an estimated 80%; also was Cavasso's weakest performance, getting just 16.5% of the vote there.

</doc>
<doc id="19721301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721301" title="Menghai County">
Menghai County

Menghai County (勐海县; pinyin: Měnghǎi Xiàn) is a county under the jurisdiction of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China. "Meng" is as variation of "Mueang".

</doc>
<doc id="19721327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721327" title="Chantal Chaudé de Silans">
Chantal Chaudé de Silans

Chantal Chaudé de Silans (9 March 1919, Versailles – 5 September 2001, Grasse) was a French chess player and a pioneer of women's chess. 
She learned how to play the game when she was nine along with her brother the Baron de Silans, who later became a strong amateur. In 1932, at age thirteen, she entered her first women's French Chess Championship. In 1936, she won the championship at age seventeen.
In 1939, she married Bernard Chaudé and followed him to Morocco due to World War II. They returned to France in 1942 and soon entered French Resistance nets.
In 1949-50, she represented France at the Moscow tournament, which had to decide who would succeed Vera Menchik as the woman World Champion. Chantal Chaudé de Silans was leading the field for a good part of the tournament but tired at the end, ending up being tied for fifth place out of sixteen players. Despite having to take care of four children, she participated again to the Women's World Championships in 1952 and 1955 (Moscow), and again in 1961 (at Vrnjacka Banja), ending up respectively tied for eighth place, tied for 10th and in 12th place. She was part of the national French team at the 9th Chess Olympiad held in Dubrovnik in 1950, becoming the first woman ever to participate in this competition. She was also the first woman to ever take part to the French Chess Championship (men's section), finishing seventh in 1947. Her shared third place in 1951 is still to this day the best result by a woman at the French Championship.
In 1970, shortly after the demise of Jeanne Le Bey-Taillis, she became the President of the Paris Caïssa chess club. She voluntarily managed it for more than thirty years; meanwhile, the club produced several young talents who would later become strong grandmasters, such as Olivier Renet, Eloi Relange, Manuel Apicella, Igor Nataf and Joël Lautier. 
She was awarded by FIDE the title of Woman International Master, at the creation of the title in 1950 and later the (honorary) title of Woman Grandmaster.
Illustrative game.
The following game is quite typical of her attacking style and was played during the match she drew against Henri Grob in Zurich 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="19721351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721351" title="Bordean">
Bordean

Bordean is a hamlet in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. It is 1 mile (1.6km) northwest of the village of Langrish and 3.5 miles (5.6km) west of Petersfield, on the A272 road.
The nearest railway station is Petersfield, 3.2 miles (5.2km) east of the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19721360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721360" title="Cool Cool Jam">
Cool Cool Jam

Cool Cool Jam is a rhythm video game which appeared on the Neo Geo Pocket Color in 2000. Cool Cool Jam is comparable in gameplay to other rhythm games such as: PaRappa the Rapper, Donkey Konga or Beatmania.
Storyline.
The storyline involves a boy and a girl who are transported 1,000 years into the future. To return home they must form a successful and popular music band.
Gameplay.
The game can be played by one or two players. In two player mode the game plays like a duet; the players take it in turn to play tune and receive a message after completion. The game also features a single player storymode which has adventure game elements. 
Various instruments can be played in the game. Each instrument has a different playing style. The instruments include: 
"Clapping to a beat" - a bar moves across the screen the player taps a button when they see a red dot. If successful the dot glows. 
"Violin" - The player taps either the A or B when a red light (button A) or a green light (button B) appears. The power can be altered by moving the joystick up and down.
"Bluesharp" - The player moves the joystick to coincide with the position of the lights. The player then pushes A or B depending whether a red or green light appears.
"Guitar" - The player pushes A or B to play the strings and the joystick controls the pick.
"Saxophone" - The player moves the joystick and the buttons to control the pitch as the symbols appear on screen.
"Trumpet" - The player moves the joystick in four directions to change the pitch to coincide with the coloured symbols. The player then pushes A or B when the marker appears. A bar indicates air pressure.
"Guitar 2" - Plays the same as the previous Guitar game only upside down. 

</doc>
<doc id="19721371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721371" title="Dry Hill">
Dry Hill

Dry Hill is a nature preserve in New Marlborough, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations. It includes a hiking trail of medium to strenuous difficulty.

</doc>
<doc id="19721403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721403" title="Noel Murphy (rugby player born 1904)">
Noel Murphy (rugby player born 1904)

Noel Francis Murphy (27 December 1904 – 6 November 1987) was an rugby union international. His son Noel Jr and his grandson Kenny were also Ireland internationals. Murphy also played club rugby for Cork Constitution. Between 1930 and 1933 he won 11 caps playing as a flanker. Murphy made his international debut on 8 February 1930 in a 4–3 win against England at Lansdowne Road. He made his last appearance for Ireland on 11 February 1933, again against England, in a 17–6 defeat at Twickenham. Murphy coached the Ireland squad on their 1961 tour of South Africa when the touring party also included his son Noel Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="19721407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721407" title="Faulkner ministry">
Faulkner ministry

The Parliament of Northern Ireland was the home rule legislature created under the Government of Ireland Act 1920, which existed from 7 June 1921 to 30 March 1972, when it was suspended. It was subsequently abolished under the Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973.
The sixth Government or Executive Committee of the Privy Council of Northern Ireland, led by the Prime Minister Brian Faulkner, ruled between March 1971 and March 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19721409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721409" title="Skyline Mall">
Skyline Mall

Skyline Mall was a small enclosed shopping mall located among the high rises of Bailey's Crossroads in Falls Church, Virginia. It opened on the site of a the former Washington-Virginia Airport and the Sunset X-rated drive-in theater. in 1977 to join the offices of Skyline City. At its peak, the mall comprised more than thirty tenants, including a Safeway supermarket and Rite Aid drugstore, and a twelve-screen cinema. Other major chain tenants that formerly operated at the mall included Dress Barn and B. Dalton. The mall was purchased in 2002 by discount retailer Target Corporation, who replaced the majority of the complex (except for a fitness center on the second level) with a Target store.

</doc>
<doc id="19721417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721417" title="Foothills Academy (Colorado)">
Foothills Academy (Colorado)

Foothill Academy was a private school in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. It offers pre-kindergarten through Grade 12. The school was founded in 1984. and closed for good in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19721428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721428" title="External (disambiguation)">
External (disambiguation)

An external cost or benefit is an impact on any party not directly involved in an economic decision.
External may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19721482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721482" title="Pumplinx">
Pumplinx

PumpLinx is a 3-D Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) software developed for the analysis of fluid pumps, motors, compressors, valves, propellers, hydraulic systems and other fluid devices with rotating or sliding components.
The software imports 3-D geometry from CAD data in the form of STL files. It has geometry Conformal Adaptive Binary-Tree mesh generation tool which creates 3-D grid from CAD surfaces. For liquid devices, PumpLinx has a cavitation model to account for the effect of liquid vapor, free/dissolved gas, and liquid compressibility.
PumpLinx provides templates for different categories of devices, including: 
axial piston pumps, 
centrifugal pumps,
gerotors, 
gear pumps, 
progressive cavity pumps,
propellers,
radial piston pumps, 
rotary vane pumps, 
submersible pumps, and
valves.
Those templates create an initial grid for special rotors; for example, grids around gears of a gear pump, and then re-meshes the grid for a moving simulation, and provide device specific input and output. The output from the code include velocities, pressures, temperatures, and gas volume fractions of the flow field, together with integrated engineering data such as loads and torques. 
PumpLinx uses a single Graphical User Interface (GUI) for grid generation, model set-up, execution, and post processing.
Market.
The software is used primarily by component and system engineers in the automotive, hydraulic, and aerospace industry as a virtual test-bed to study efficiency, cavitation, pressure ripple, and noise for hydrodynamic pumps, and fluid power equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19721485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721485" title="Nanae Sasaki">
Nanae Sasaki

, born as , (February 8, 1956 – June 27, 2009) was a Japanese long-distance runner. 
She was a high school teacher in Ōfunato, Iwate when she set a Japanese record of 2:40:56 at the Boston Marathon in 1981.
She quit running as an amateur and began her professional career with the S & B Foods Inc. Athletic Club, which included among its members her coach, Kiyoshi Nakamura, and Toshihiko Seko, then one of the top marathon runners in the world.
She set a new Japanese record of 2:35:00 at the Christchurch Marathon in June 1982.
She won the Tokyo International Women's Marathon in 1983, and she represented Japan at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, finishing the race in 19th place, at 2:37:04.
She retired from competition after setting her personal best time of 2:33:57 at the Nagoya Marathon in March 1995, and she then served as a coach at the S & B Athletic Club for a while.
On June 29, 2009, Japanese news media reported that she died on June 27 at the age of 53 due to colorectal cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19721499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721499" title="Berwick Prize">
Berwick Prize

The Berwick Prize and Senior Berwick Prize are two prizes of the London Mathematical Society awarded in alternating years in memory of William Edward Hodgson Berwick, a previous Vice-President of the LMS. Berwick left some money to be given to the society to establish two prizes. His widow Daisy May Berwick gave the society the money and the society established the prizes, with the first Senior Berwick Prize being presented in 1946 and the first Junior Berwick Prize the following year. The prizes are awarded "in recognition of an outstanding piece of mathematical research ... published by the Society" in the eight years before the year of the award.
The Berwick Prize was known as the Junior Berwick Prize up to 1999, and was given its current name for the 2001 award.

</doc>
<doc id="19721533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721533" title="Sverdlovsky City District, Perm">
Sverdlovsky City District, Perm

Sverdlovsky City District () is one of the seven city districts of the city of Perm in Perm Krai, Russia, located in the Kama River's left bank. Population: It is the most populous district of Perm.
Etymology.
It is named for Yakov Sverdlov, who led the party organizations in the Urals during the revolution of 1905-1907.
History.
The district was established on May 27, 1936 as Stalinsky ().

</doc>
<doc id="19721558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721558" title="Zhao Youfeng">
Zhao Youfeng

Zhao Youfeng (; born May 5, 1965) is a former long-distance runner from PR China. She represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, finishing in 5th place. She set her personal best in the same year, clocking 2:27:06.

</doc>
<doc id="19721559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721559" title="Scuderi">
Scuderi

Scuderi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19721566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721566" title="Lonza Bowdler">
Lonza Bowdler

Frank "Lonza" Bowdler (4 January 1901 – 17 December 1962) was a Welsh rugby union hooker who played club rugby for Cross Keys and was capped 15 times for Wales. A coal miner by profession, Watcyn Thomas remembered him in his autobiography, as a dedicated player, turning out for Wales on Saturday before returning immediately to his shift underground at his mine.
International rugby career.
Although Cross Keys was seen as an unfashionable club at the time, it had already produced two respected internationals in Steve Morris and Ossie Male; therefore although unusual, it was not a surprise when Bowdler was selected for the Welsh rugby team. In 1927 Bowdler was selected to face the touring Australian Waratahs and the next year made his debut in the Five Nations Championship in a game against England, which was also the last game for Wales captain Rowe Harding. Bowdler played out the entirety of the 1928 Five Nations Championship and the 1929 season. An unsuccessful period in Welsh rugby, Bowdler played through into the early 1930s when the team's fortunes began changing. He missed the 1931 Five Nations Championship, when Wales actually won the tournament, but was selected to play against the 1931 touring South Africans. His final game was at Ravenhill against Ireland in 1933, when Wales lost the selectors dropped 11 players from the squad. Bowdler was one of them.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19721567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721567" title="Les Aventures de Michel Vaillant">
Les Aventures de Michel Vaillant

In 1967, French TV broadcast a dramatised adaptation of the series, Les Aventures de Michel Vaillant. 13 episodes in total, it featured stories written and filmed around the real life World Sportscar Championship, documenting Henri Grandsire driving an Alpine 110, interspersed with dramatic interludes acted by Grandsire himself. Episodes offer close up rare contemporary footage of races and cars that year at the Rallye Du Nord, Magny Cours, Nürburgring, Monza, Targa Florio, Le Mans, Monaco, Rouen-Les-Essarts, Sebring and Reims.

</doc>
<doc id="19721568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721568" title="United States Senate election in Idaho, 2004">
United States Senate election in Idaho, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Idaho took place on November 2, 2004 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Mike Crapo ran for re-election and won a second term in office in a landslide after no one filed for the Democratic Party nomination. Scott McClure conducted a write-in campaign but only received 4,136 votes, or about 1% of those cast. 
General election.
Results.
Crapo won every county with over 90% of the vote. His weakest performance by far was in Latah County, where he got 95.6% of the vote to McClure's 4.4%.

</doc>
<doc id="19721569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721569" title="Mengla County">
Mengla County

Mengla County () is a county under the jurisdiction of Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, in far southern Yunnan province, China. "Meng" is as variation of "Mueang".
Biodiversity.
Xishuangbanna Tropical Botanical Garden, of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), is located in Menglun in Mengla County, covering an area of more than 1000 ha. Over 13,000 species of tropical plants are preserved in its 35 living collections.
The last Indochinese tiger in the wild in China is believed to have been killed near Mengla in 2009. The perpetrator is believed to have been sentenced to 12 years imprisonment for this. 
A tiny frog, "Raorchestes menglaensis" (knonw as the Zhishihe's bubble-nest frog or Mengla small treefrog) is only known from its type locality, Zhishihe in Mengla County.

</doc>
<doc id="19721587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721587" title="1926 PGA Championship">
1926 PGA Championship

The 1926 PGA Championship was the ninth PGA Championship, held September 20–25 at Salisbury Golf Club on Long Island in East Meadow, New York. Then a match play championship, Walter Hagen defeated Leo Diegel 5 & 3 in the finals to win his third consecutive PGA Championship, his fourth overall, and the eighth of his eleven major titles.
The victory ran Hagen's match record at the PGA Championship in the 1920s to 25–1 (), falling only to Gene Sarazen in 38 holes in the 1923 finals. With his third consecutive title, his winning streak stood at fifteen matches. Hagen was also the medalist in the 36-hole qualifier on Monday at 140 (–4). Through 2013, he remains the only winner of three consecutive PGA Championships.
Hagen won the following year in 1927 for his fourth consecutive title, but Diegel stopped the streak in 1928 and repeated in 1929. In both years, Diegel defeated both Hagen and Gene Sarazen, the only winners of the title from 1921 through 1927, in the quarterfinals and semifinals. Hagen had previously stopped Diegel in the 1925 quarterfinals in 40 holes.
Devereux Emmet designed the course in 1914. The 90-hole Salisbury Golf Club ran into financial difficulty during the 1930s and its land was acquired by Nassau County. Originally "Nassau County Park at Salisbury" in 1944, it was renamed Eisenhower Park in 1969. The 1926 venue presently exists as the Red Course; it hosted the Commerce Bank Championship on the Champions Tour as recently as 2008. Eisenhower Park also includes two additional 18-hole courses, Blue and White. 
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1926 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Saturday, September 25, 1926"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721588" title="Janusz Ziółkowski">
Janusz Ziółkowski

Janusz Aleksander Ziółkowski (6 April 1924, in Sosnowiec – 5 April 2000) was a Polish sociologist and politician. He was a professor of sociology at the Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznań, and briefly (in 1981) its rector. He was a Solidarity activist and participated in the Polish Round Table Agreement. He was elected a senator (1989–1991), and from 1991 to 1995 he was an important official in the Office of the President of the Republic of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19721597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721597" title="Fyodor Keneman">
Fyodor Keneman

Feodor Feodorovich Koenemann (Russian: Фёдор Фёдорович Кёнеман; sometimes transliterated as Fyodor Keneman) (Moscow, Russia,  – 29 March 1937) was Russian pianist, composer and music teacher.
His last name originated from the Prussian family name Könemann of his father Friedrich Napoleon Könemann (Moscow, 27 February 1838 – Moscow, 23 March 1903).
Biography.
Feodor Koenemann was trained from 1892 to 1897 at the Moscow Conservatory under Nikolay Zverev (1892–1895, piano), Vasily Safonov (1895–1897, piano), Anton Arensky, Sergei Taneyev and Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov (1897, Music Theory). He was graduated in 1897 with the Great Gold Medal with two specialities – Pianist and Music theory.
From 1896 to 1897 Koenemann, being a student, worked as a piano teacher at the Moscow Aleksandrovsky Institute (Russian: Московский Александровский Институт) (Institute for Noble Maidens).
After graduating from the Moscow Conservatory in 1897, Koenemann moved for two years to Astrakhan where he was appointed as a director and a piano teacher of the Astrakhan Music Classes. He also organized in Astrakhan the city chorus and the symphony orchestra, finding musicians among the music teachers, students and the military bands. In 1899 he was called back to Moscow to become a piano teacher at the Moscow Conservatory, and from 1899 to 1901 he was also a conductor of the Russian Choral Society in Moscow.
For the grand opening of the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory on 7 April 1901, Koenemann wrote the cantata-hymn, which became the official anthem of the Moscow Conservatory.
In 1912, Koenemann became a professor at the Moscow Conservatory and was teaching piano until his retirement in 1932.
He died in Moscow.
Works.
Koenemann wrote over one hundred works. He also translated into Russian a theoretical work by Ebenezer Prout, "The Orchestra".
In 1896, he met Feodor Chaliapin who just moved to Moscow from St. Petersburg to sing at the Moscow Private Opera owned by Savva Mamontov. Koenemann started a twenty-four-year collaboration with Chaliapin, both as an accompanist and arranger; his arrangement of "The Volga Boatmen's Song" made the song well-known abroad after Chaliapin's emigration. Koenemann and Chaliapin – the "Two Feodors" –created the perfect duet – Koenemann was a virtuoso pianist, and Chaliapin – was a singer-wunderkind. Chaliapin was 66 days older than Koenemann.

</doc>
<doc id="19721599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721599" title="Joseph S. Darling Memorial Stadium">
Joseph S. Darling Memorial Stadium

Joseph S. Darling Memorial Stadium, located in Hampton, Virginia, serves primarily as a high school football stadium, and also hosts various track-and-field meets, as well as marching band competitions. The 8,000-seat brick facility opened in 1989. 
In 1928, the Darling Estate donated land on Hampton's Victoria Road, exclusively for the use of athletic facilities. The original stadium lasted until 1987, two years before the current stadium opened. The city's four high schools -Bethel, Hampton, Kecoughtan, and Phoebus- each use Darling Stadium for their home football games.

</doc>
<doc id="19721603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721603" title="Right Here, Right Now (Jesus Jones song)">
Right Here, Right Now (Jesus Jones song)

"Right Here, Right Now" is a song written by Mike Edwards and recorded by the British band Jesus Jones from the album, "Doubt". A single was released in September 1990, peaking at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart. In the United States, it was a number one song on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart and reached number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in July 1991.
Content.
The song was inspired by events in Europe of the late 1980s and early 1990s, such as the fall of the Berlin Wall.

</doc>
<doc id="19721614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721614" title="Kentucky Bisons">
Kentucky Bisons

The Kentucky Bisons were a basketball team in the American Basketball Association which began play in 2008-09, play in the South Central division. Although the management office for the Bisons was based in Bowling Green, Kentucky, the Bisons actually played their home games at the Owensboro Sportscenter, 60 miles north of Bowling Green. On December 14, 2010 the Bisons stated they would be suspending operations due to lack of support from the city of Owensboro, KY.
Team history.
2008.
With a 19-3 regular-season record, they qualified for the ABA's Elite Eight Championship tournament at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium (home to Southeast division rival the Nashville Broncs). After defeating Beijing Aoshen Olympian 106-104 in the first round, the Bisons would pull off an upset win over the top-seeded Southeast Texas Mustangs 107-89 to advance to the ABA title game. Finally, with their 127-120 win over the Maywood Buzz, the Bisons wrapped up the ABA title in their first year of existence.
2009.
In 2009, they returned to the title series again, and faced top-seeded Southeast Texas. After winning game one, they lost both games two and three and the Mavericks were crowned champions.
2010.
Shortly before the 2010 season both the head coach and assistant coach resigned their positions. On December 14, 2010 the Bisons announced that they would be suspending operations. The reason stated was the lack of support from the City of Owensboro and their businesses and fans.
Roster.
Head Coach: Otis Key

</doc>
<doc id="19721621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721621" title="Eva Nazemson">
Eva Nazemson

Eva Nazemson (born July 6, 1985) is a Swedish gameshow television host of Full pott on Kanal 5 and earlier Nattliv on TV4. Nazemson became world news on 23 September 2007 when she vomited live on national television. This accident made her headline news worldwide and she was guest starring on television shows such as supermodel Tyra Banks talk show "The Tyra Banks Show" and Graham Norton's show. The YouTube video of Eva vomiting has received a large number of hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19721636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721636" title="List of Army Cadet Force units">
List of Army Cadet Force units

The Army Cadet Force (ACF) is a cadet organisation based in the United Kingdom. It is a voluntary youth group sponsored by the Ministry of Defence (British Army). The ACF is largely composed of individual units. These units are organised into several different companies/squadrons, which in turn are organised into several different Corps or Regiments of their parent British Army units.
Organisation.
Most British counties have centralised cadet forces that make up the ACF as a national whole. The counties are generally split into companies, each of which includes several 'detachments', the name given to a unit of cadets that parade in a particular town or village. Battalions are usually affiliated with a certain Regiment or Corps within the British Army, and wear their insignia including cap badge, colour of beret and stable belt subject to individual County/Area regulations. Detachments can be given special names, after famous battles fought by the British army, e.g. Rhine, Gibraltar and Waterloo. But some detachments are just called by the name of the town they reside in.
England.
North East England.
Cleveland ACF has detachments in:
Durham ACF has detachments in:
Northumbria ACF has detachments in:
North West England.
Cheshire ACF has its HQ at Fox Barracks, Chester.
It has detachments in Alsager, Birchwood, Chester (Abbots Park, The Castle), Congleton, Crewe, Ellesmere Port, Frodsham, Great Sankey, Knutsford, Little Neston, Macclesfield, Nantwich, Northwich, Runcorn (Runcorn & Halton), Sandbach, Stockton Heath, Tarporley, Warrington, Weaverham, Woolston High School, Widnes, Wilmslow, Winsford.
Cumbria ACF has three companies: Arnhem company (North Cumbria) with detachments in Brampton, Currock, Caldew School, Wigton, Longtown, Penrith, Harraby, Eden Grove School, and Carlisle Castle; Burma company (South Cumbria) with detachments in Barrow, Ulverston, Walney Island, Windermere, Millom, Kendal and Dalton; and Chindit company (West Cumbria) with detachments in Aspatria, Workington, Maryport, Keswick, Cockermouth, Cleator Moor, Whitehaven.
Greater Manchester ACF has detachments in Altrincham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Audenshaw, Bolton, Bredbury, Broughton, Bury, Chadderton, Cheadle Hulme, Crumpsall, Failsworth, Heywood, Hindley, Hulme, Hyde, Kearsley, Leigh, Manchester (Ardwick, Clifton, Flixton, Gorton, Levenshulme, Patricroft, Rusholme, Stretford, Tyldesley), Middleton, Oldham, Radcliffe, Rochdale, Sale, Salford, Shaw and Crompton, Stalybridge, Stockport, (Greek Street, Pear Hill, Reddish Road) and Wigan
The Isle of Man ACF has detachments in Castletown, Douglas, Peel and Ramsey.
Lancashire ACF has its HQ at Fullwood Barracks, Preston.
It has detachments in:
"N (Normandy) Company": Galgate, Garstang, Morecambe, Heysham, Lancaster (Lancaster and Lunesdale Detachments), Carnforth.
"S (Salerno) Company": Preston (Preston Corps of Drums and Preston Detachments), Skelmersdale, Ormskirk, Chorley, Leyland.
"E (Egypt) Company": Rishton (Gallipoli), Accrington, Burnley (Kimberley and Waterloo) Detachments, Barnoldswick, Brierfield.
"W (Wingate) Company": Blackpool (Palatine and Blackpool) Detachments, Kirkham and Weeton, Preesall (St Aidans Detachment), Thornton, Fleetwood.
"C (Corunna) Company": Dunkirk, Penwortham, Lostock Hall, Blackburn (Quebec, Royal Signals and Somme Detachments).
Merseyside ACF has detachments in Aintree, Birkenhead, Bootle, Crosby, Hightown, Hoylake, Huyton, Irby, Kirkby, Liverpool (Aigburth Road, Childwall Valley Road, Deysbrook Lane, Knotty Ash, Mather Avenue, Speke, Townsend Avenue), Moreton, Netherton, New Ferry, Newton-le-Willows, Oxton, Prescot, Southport, St Helens, Upton and Wallasey.
Yorkshire & Humberside.
Humberside & South Yorkshire ACF has detachments in Ashby, Balby, Barnsley, Barton-upon-Humber, Bentley, Beverley, Bridlington, Brigg, Brough, Cleethorpes, Cottingham, Darfield, Doncaster, Driffield, Goole, Grimsby, Hedon, Hornsea, Howden, Hull (Cadet Centre East Hull, Halifax Barracks, Hymers College, Londesborough Barracks, Middleton Barracks, Sutton, Wenlock Barracks), Immingham, Kirton in Lindsey, Market Weighton, Mexborough, Pocklington, Rossington, Rotherham, Scunthorpe, Sheffield (Barnsley Road, Birdwell, Endcliffe, Gell Street, Greenhill, Mansfield Road), Thorne, Waltham, Willerby, Withernshaw and Wombwell and Wath upon Dearne.
Yorkshire North and West ACF has detachments in Allerton Bradford, at Thornton Old Road, Odsal, Shipley, Bingley, Bradford, Manningham Lane, Thornbury, Castleford, Catterick, Halifax, Harrogate, Huddersfield, Keighley, Knaresborough, Leeds (Bramley, Carlton Barracks, Harewood Barracks, Oakwood Lane, Seacroft, Yeadon), Spen Valley, Malton, Mirfield, Northallerton, Otley, Ripon, Scarborough, Selby, Skipton, Stokesley, Thirsk, Thongsbridge, Whitby, Woodlesford and York (Acomb, Duncombe Barracks, Fulford Road, Strensall Camp).Also E Company situated at Wakefield (HQ), Fitzwilliam, Dewsbury, Batley, New Willowgarth (Barnsley), South Elmsall, Normanton, Pontefract, Adwick & Ossett.
East Midlands.
All Cadet Forces in the East Midlands Region report to the East Midlands Reserve Forces and Cadet Association.
Derbyshire ACF [http://www.derbyshireacf.com] has its County HQ in Sinfin:
Leicestershire, Northamptonshire and Rutland ACF has detachments in Ashby, Barrow upon Soar, Barton Seagrave, Brackley, Braunstone, Broughton Astley, Castle Donington, Coalville, Corby, Daventry, Desford, Hinckley, Ibstock, Kettering, Leicester (Blackbird Road, Brentwood Road, Evington, Gooding Avenue, Mowmacre Road, Ulvercroft Road), Loughborough, Market Bosworth, Market Harborough, Melton Mowbray, Mountsorrel, North Luffenham, Northampton (Barrack Road, Booth Lane, Briar Hill, Clare Street), Oadby, Oakham, Peterborough, Rothwell, Rushden, Shepshed, Towcester, Wellingborough and Wigston.
Lincolnshire Army Cadet Force (Lincs ACF) has detachments in Billingborough, Boston, Bourne, Caistor Yarborough School, Cherry Willingham, Coningsby, Crowland, Gainsborough, Grantham, Holbeach, Horncastle, Kirton, Newport (Lincoln), Sobraon (Lincoln), Band (North Hykeham), Long Sutton, Louth, Mablethorpe, Market Deeping, Market Rasen, Metheringham, North Somercotes, North Hykeham, Phoenix School (Grantham), Priory City of Lincoln Academy, Skegness, Sleaford, Spalding, Stamford and Washingborough.
Lincs ACF is structured like most other Counties, it is broken down into 4 Companies, each of which contain several detachments. The different companies are named as followed:
Number 1 Company is the lead company in Lincs ACF, with Lincoln, Sobraon Barracks the headquarters of both 1 Coy and Lincs ACF. The Lincs ACF Headquarters, is a new build on the site of Sobraon Barracks. It was completed in March 2008, at a total cost of £1.33M, this was paid for by East Midlands Reserve Forces and Cadets Association (EM RFCA) auctioning the old Barracks. This was done because the old barracks, situated in Newport in Lincoln, was falling into disrepair after the TA Detachment closed down in the 1990s leaving Lincs ACF the only occupants. Newport Barracks and its land was sold at £1.65M and so the total project left EM RFCA with an extra £0.32M. This saving was planned under its 'Spend to Save' scheme. The new Headquarters of Lincs ACF in Sobraon Barracks was officially opened in June 2009 by HM Lord Lieutenant of Lincolnshire, Mr Tony Worth, with a celebratory open day and the building being blessed by the Padre of Lincs ACF.
Nottinghamshire Army Cadet Force has detachments in Arnold, Bakersfield, Beeston, Bilborough, Blidworth, Bulwell, Calverton, Carlton, Chilwell, Clifton, Clipstone, Eastwood, Harworth, Hucknall, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, Lenton, Mansfield, Newark, Ollerton, Retford, Ruddington, Sherwood, Southwell, Sutton-in-Ashfield, Tuxford, Warsop, West Bridgford, the nottingham academy (the newest detachment) and Worksop
These are broken down into 4 units: 
West Midlands.
Hereford and Worcester ACF
Shropshire Army cadet force has detachments in:
Staffordshire and West Midland North Sector ACF
Warwickshire and West Midlands South Sector ACF
East England.
Essex ACF has detachments in Basildon, Billericay, Braintree, Brentwood, Brightlingsea, Canvey Island, Chelmsford, Clacton, Colchester, Dovercourt, Epping, Grays, Great Baddow, Great Dunmow, Harlow, Leigh on Sea, Maldon, Manningtree, Chipping Ongar, Parsons Heath, Rayleigh, Saffron Walden, Shoeburyness, South Woodham Ferrers, Southend on Sea, Southminster, Stanford Le Hope, Tilbury, Waltham Abbey, Warley and WithamROMFORD.
Bedfordshire & Hertfordshire ACF has detachments in Berkhamsted, Bishops Stortford, Borehamwood, Buntingford, Cheshunt, Harpenden, Hatfield, Hemel Hempstead, Hertford, Hitchin, Hoddesdon, Letchworth, Rickmansworth, Royston, South Oxhey, St Albans, Stevenage (north and south), Waltham Cross, Ware, Watford, Welwyn Garden City, Ampthill, Bedford, Biggleswade, Bromham, Chicksands, Cranfield, Dunstable, Harrowden, Kempston, Leagrave, Leighton Buzzard, Lidlington, Luton, Sandy, Sharnbrook, Stanbridge, Stotfold, and Toddington
Cambridgeshire ACF has three companies:
Norfolk ACF has detachments in Acle, Attleborough, Aylsham, Costessey, Cromer, Dereham, Dersingham, Diss, Downham Market, Fakenham, Gorleston, Great Yarmouth, Harleston, Holt, Kings Lynn, Little Walsingham, Loddon, Long Stratton, North Walsham, Norwich, Swaffham, Thetford, Watton and Wymondham.
Suffolk ACF has detachments in Beccles, Bungay, Bury St Edmunds, Felixstowe, Hadleigh, Halesworth, Haverhill, Ipswich, Ixworth, Kesgrave, Leiston, Lowestoft (North and South), Mildenhall, Southwold, Stowmarket, Sudbury, Woodbridge and Wattisham.
South West England.
The City and County of Bristol ACF is split into 3 companies(A,B and C coy) and has detachments in Bristol (Bishopsworth, Brislington, Clifton, Hanham, Horfield Common, Keynsham, Kingswood, Mangotsfield, Oldland Common, Patchway, Pilning, Purdown, Shirehampton, Speedwell, St George, Stockwood, Stoke Gifford, Winterstoke Road, Yate), Frampton Cottrell and Thornbury.Speedwell detctchment shares its unit base with Whitfield Corps of Drums. Also, a fourth company( D coy) exists,although informally, and contains only one detachment which is officially counted as a unit within the CCF.
Cornwall Cadet Battalion (The Rifles) ACF comprises three companies:
Devon ACF has detachments in Ashburton, Barnstaple, Bideford, Bovey Tracey, Braunton, Brixham, Budleigh Salterton, Chumleigh, Crediton, Cullompton, Exeter, Holsworthy, Honiton, Ilfracombe, Newton Abbot, Okehampton, Paignton, Plymouth (Crownhill, Derriford, John Kitto School, Mutley, Plympton, Trevethick Road), Plymstock, Sidmouth, South Molton, Tavistock, Teignmouth, Tiverton, Torquay, Torrington, Totnes and Uffculme and Devon ACF Corps of Drums, which is a musical non-military detachment.
Dorset ACF consists of one battalion sized unit containing 4 companies (A, B, C and D Companies). A Company has detachments in Beaminster, Dorchester, Bridport, Portland and Weymouth. B Company has detachments in Blandford, Gillingham, Shaftesbury and Sherborne. C company has detachments in Bovington, Christchurch, Lytchett Matravers, West Moors and Wimborne. D Company has detachments in Bournemouth (Boscombe), Parkstone, Poole, Rossmore and Wallisdown. There are also two Channel Islands detachments, Guernsey and Jersey.
Gloucestershire Cadet Battalion ACF has detachments in Bishop's Cleeve, Bourton-on-the-Water, Brockworth, Cheltenham, Cinderford, Cirencester, Coleford, Dursley, Fairford, Gloucester (Eastern Avenue, Malmesbury Road, Milton Avenue), Innsworth, Moreton-in-Marsh, Newent, Stonehouse, Stroud, Tetbury, Tewkesbury and Wotton-under-Edge.
Somerset Cadet Battalion (The Rifles) ACF has detachments in:
Gibraltar Company - Burnham-on-Sea, Cheddar, Clevedon, Nailsea, Portishead, Weston-Super-Mare, Worle, Yatton
Jellalabad Company - Bridgwater, Cannington, Doniford, Minehead, Taunton, (Bishops Hull, Bishops Foxes and Priorswood), Wellington.
Normandy Company - Bath, Coleford, Frome, Glastonbury, Midsomer Norton, Paulton, Shepton Mallet, Wells.
Salamanca Company - Bruton (Sexeys School), Castle Cary, Chard, Crewkerne, Ilminster, Langport, Martock, and Yeovil.
Wiltshire ACF has detachments in Bulford, Calne, Chippenham, Colerne, Corsham, Devizes, Downton, Larkhill, Marlborough, Melksham, Netheravon, Old Sarum, Sarum Academy, Swindon, Tidworth, Trowbridge, Warminster, Westbury and Wootton Bassett.
South East England.
Buckinghamshire (The Rifles) ACF consists of 4 Companies: A, E, I and G. Detachments are located in Aylesbury, Beaconsfield, Bletchley, Booker, Buckingham, Chesham, Great Missenden, High Wycombe, Land End, Marlow, Milton Keynes (Blakelands, Leon School, Conniburrow, Kents Hill) Princes Risborough, Winslow and Wolverton
Hampshire and Isle of Wight ACF[http://www.hantsandiowacf.org.uk/] Consist of 2 Battalions, each containing 3 Companies; 1st Hampshire and Isle of Wight ACF (A, B and C Companies) and 2nd Hampshire and Isle of Wight ACF (X, Y and Z Companies), and also a Band & Corps of Drums. It has detachments in Aldershot, Alton, Andover, Basingstoke Bembridge, Bishop's Waltham, Blackfield, Bordon Garrison, Brockenhurst, Browndown, Connaught, Cove, Cowplain, East Cowes, Eastleigh, FairOak, Fareham, Farnborough, Fleet, Fordingbridge, Freshwater, Gibraltar Barracks, Gosport, Hayling Island, Hythe, Itchen, Kings School, Winchester, Lee-on-Solent, Leigh Park, Liss, Lymington, Middle Wallop, Millbrook, New Milton, Newport, Old Basing, Overton, Park Gate, Portsmouth (Cosham, Hilsea, HM Naval Base), Romsey, Ryde, Sandown, Southampton (Burgoyne Road, Milbrook Road, Bittern Park School), St Helens, Totland, Totton, Ventnor, Winchester (Newburgh Street, Romsey Road, Worthy Down).
Kent ACF Is made up of 3 companies and a squadron. These are 'A' Company, 'B' Company, 'D' Company and Kent RE Squadron. Kent ACF has detachments in Ashford, Aylesham, Burham, Canterbury, Cranbrook, Dartford, Deal, Ditton, Dover, Faversham, Folkestone, Gillingham, Gravesend, Hawkinge, Herne Bay, Maidstone, Margate, Paddock Wood, Ramsgate, Rochester, Sandwich, Sevenoaks, Sheerness, Shorncliffe, Sittingbourne, Snodland, St Marys Bay, Strood, Swanley, Tenterden, Tonbridge, Tunbridge Wells, Walderslade, Westerham, Whitstable and Wrotham.
Oxfordshire (The Rifles) ACF [http://www.oxonacf.org.uk/] comprises four companies ("Somme", "Nivelle", "Quebec" and "Calais") and has detachments in Abingdon, Bicester, Banbury, Burford, Carterton, Chipping Norton, Didcot, Eynsham, Faringdon, Henley, Oxford (Blackbird Leys, Donnington Bridge Road, Elsfield Way, Kidlington, Marston Road, Oxpens Road), Thame, Wallingford, Wantage, Wheatley, Witney and Woodstock.
The Royal County of Berkshire ACF consists of 3 companies(A Coy Guards),18 Troop Windsor Household Cavalry, 1 Platoon Windsor Grenadier Guards, 2 Platoon Cippenham Coldstream Guards, 3 Platoon Slough Scots Guards, 4 Platoon Ascot Irish Guards,5 Platoon Maidenhead Welsh Guards. (B Coy Rifles),13 Platoon Burghfield The Rifles,14 Platoon Newbury The Rifles,15 Platoon Theale The Rifles,16 Platoon Thatcham The Rifles,17 Platoon Whitley The Rifles.(C Coy REME), 6 Platoon Woodley REME,7 Platoon Bracknell REME,8 Platoon Reading REME,9 Platoon Caversham REME,10 Platoon Wokingham REME,11 Platoon Arborfield REME,Band Detachment Reading.
Surrey ACF consists of 5 companies(A,B,C,D and E coy which has detachments in Addlestone, Banstead, Camberley, Caterham, Chertsey, Chobham, Cranleigh, Deepcut, Dorking, Farncombe, Farnham, Felbridge, Guildford, Haslemere, Horley, Leatherhead, Lingfield, Merrow, Mytchett, Pirbright, Redhill, Reigate, Walton-on-Thames and Woking.
Sussex ACF is split into 3 companies (A,B and C) and has detachments in Bexhill-on-Sea, Bognor Regis, Brighton - A company and county HQ, Burgess Hill, Chichester - B Company HQ, Crawley, Crowborough, Eastbourne, Emsworth, Hailsham, Hastings Haywards Heath, Heathfield, Horsham, St Bedes (The only Closed Detachment in the Sussex ACF) Hove, Hurstpierpoint, Lewes, Littlehampton, Midhurst, Newhaven, Pulborough, Seaford, Shoreham-by-Sea, St Leonards-on-Sea, Steyning, Storrington - now closed, Thorney Island and Worthing.
London.
City of London and North East Sector ACF has detachments in Albion Road, Barking, Burnham Street, Clifton Street, Dagenham, East Ham, Hainault, Ilford, Mile End Road, Newbury Park, Parkhurst Road, Romford, South Hornchurch, Upminster, West Ham, Weston Walk, Whipps Cross and Woodford Green.
Middlesex and North West London Sector ACF is split into four companies:
19 Company has detachments in 191 Uxbridge Royal Corps of Signals (Middlesex Yeomanry), 192 Heston AAC, 193 Southall RLC, 194 Hounslow PWRR, 195 Staines PWRR, 196 Twickenham RE, 197 Feltham and 198 Ickenham (Douay Martyrs School Detachment Life Guards).
20 Company has detachments in Harrow (201 Royal Army Medical Corps), Acton (202 Royal Engineers), Brentford (203 Royal Logistics Corps), White City (204 Parachute Regiment), Wembley (205 Parachute Regiment), Chiswick (206 Royal Signals), Crownhill Road, Hammersmith (207 Royal Signals) Hammersmith Road, Willesden (208 Royal Regiment of Fusileers) and (Cardinal Hinsley High School Detachment) (209 Grenadier Guards).
21 Company has detachments in Edgware, Haringey, Finchley, Kingsbury, Hornsley, (Copthall School Detachment), Tottenham and Barnet.
23 Company has detachments in Fulham, Westminster, Camden, (City of Westminster City School Detacthment), Kensington, Chelsea, Regent's Park and (St James School Detachment Parachute Regiment).
London South East Sector ACF has detachments in Woolwich, Belvedere, Bermondsey, Bexleyheath, Biggin Hill, Blackheath, Bromley, Camberwell, Catford, Charlton, Clapham, Eltham, Erith, Grove Park, Kennington, Lee, Lordship lane, Peckham, Penge, Sidcup, St Mary Cray, Upper Tulse Hill and Walworth.
Greater London South West Sector ACF has detachments in Balham High Road, Cobham, Coulsdon, Croydon, Epsom, Ewell, Hackbridge, Kingston, Merton, Morden, New Addington, Putney, Reigate, Richmond, Southfields, St John's Hill, Sutton and Wandsworth.
Scotland.
1st Battalion The Highlanders ACF.
With detachments in 
Inverness Company - Aviemore, Fort Augustus, Fort William, Fortrose, Raigmore and Inverness
Moray Company - Culloden, Ardersier (Temporary Disbanded), Nairn, Forres, Elgin and Pipes & Drums, Culloden
Ross Company - Alness, Dingwall, Dornoch, Kyle, Ardgay, Portree, Dunvegan and Tain
Caithness Company - Brora, Castletown, Thurso and Wick, Halkirk and BettyHill
Western Isles Company - Benbecula, Harris, Daliburgh, Stornaway, Back, Ness
2nd Battalion The Highlanders ACF.
With detachments in
Angus and Dundee Battalion ACF.
With detachments in Arbroath, Birkhill, Brechin, Carnoustie, Dundee (Broughty Ferry, Burn Street, Dalkeith Road, Mid Craigee Road, St Columbia Gardens, Strathmore Avenue, Yarrow Terrace), Forfar, Kirriemuir, Montrose and Newport-on-Tay. Also, The Royal Army Medical Corps.
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders Battalion ACF.
Divided into five companies (affiliated to the Argyll & Sutherland Highlanders) and one squadron (affiliated to the Royal Tank Regiment).
Black Watch Battalion ACF
With detachments in Auchterarder, Balligry, Blairgowrie, Cowdenbeath, Crieff, Dunfermline, Dunkeld, Perth, Cupar, Glenrothes, Kinross, Kirkcaldy, Leven, Newburgh, Rosyth, St Andrews and Stanley.
The Orkney Independent Cadet Battery ACF has its detachment in Kirkwall.
The Shetland Independent Cadet Battery ACF has its detachment in Lerwick.
Glasgow and Lanarkshire Battalion ACF.
is divided into four companies (which are affiliated with; Royal Scots Borderers, Royal Highland Fusiliers, Royal Artillery, Royal Scots Dragoon Guards, Royal Engineers, Scots Guards & Royal Signals.
1 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Strathaven,
2 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Motherwell,
3 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Newmains,
4 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Hamilton,
5 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Larkhall &
6 PLATOON ROYAL SCOTS BORDERERS Coalburn.
A PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS King's Park,
B PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS Cambuslang,
C PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS Easterhouse,
D PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS Pollokshaws,
E PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS Shettleston &
F PLATOON ROYAL HIGHLAND FUSILIERS Maryhill.
A TROOP ROYAL ARTILLERY Jordanhill,
B TROOP ROYAL ARTILLERY Drumchapel,
C TROOP ROYAL ARTILLERY Anderston,
D TROOP ROYAL ARTILLERY Carmyle &
E TROOP ROYAL SIGNALS Maryhill.
1 TROOP ROYAL SCOTS DRAGOON GUARDS East Kilbride,
2 TROOP ROYAL SCOTS DRAGOON GUARDSEast Kilbride,
3 TROOP ROYAL ENGINEERS Airdrie,
4 PLATOON SCOTS GUARDS Bellshill,
5 PLATOON SCOTS GUARDS Lanark &
6 TROOP SCOTS DRAGOON GUARDS Govan.
PIPES & DRUMS Cambuslang
Lothian and Borders Battalion ACF.
With detachments in Bathgate, Bonnyrigg, Broxburn, Coldstream, Dalkeith, Dunbar, Duns, Edinburgh (Main, Alnwickhill, Chesser Crescent, Claremont Street, Colinton Road, Granton Square, Lanark Road, MacDonald Road), Eyemouth, Galashiels, Hawick, Jedburgh, Kelso, Linlithgow, Livingston, Loanhead, Musselburgh, North Berwick, Peebles, Penicuik, Prestonpans, Selkirk, South Queensferry, Tranent and Whitburn.
The West Lowland Battalion ACF.
With detachments in Annan, Auchinleck, Ayr, Barrhead, Brodick, Castle Douglas, Dalbeattie, Dalmellington, Dalry, Dumfries, Erskine, Girvan, Gourock, Irvine, Johnstone, Kilmarnock, Kirkconnel, Kirkcudbright, Lockerbie, Newton Stewart, Paisley, Patna, Port Glasgow, Renfrew, Rothesay, Saltcoats, Stranraer, Tarbolton, Troon and Drongan.
Wales.
Clwyd & Gwynedd ACF.
Amalgamated as a region in April 2009, there are now six cadet companies most of the detachments are badged Royal Welsh with the exception of a few which are listed below. Tywyn detachment recently came back to their old root by rejoining Clwyd & Gwynedd ACF from Gwent & Powys ACF. The Cadet Commandant is Colonel A V Jones MBE.TD. and the CEO Major J Hewitt. The Corp of Drums are also badged with the Royal Welsch, wearing their scarlets for their parades.
Mold (QDG), Buckley (RW), Llangollen (RW), Wrexham (RW), Rossett (RW), Bradley (WG), Brynteg (RW), Rhosllannerchrugog (RW).
Deeside (RW), Holywell (RW), Flint (RW), Mostyn (RW), Kinmel (RW), Prestatyn (REME), Denbigh (RW)
Amlwch (RW),Colwyn Bay (RW), Holyhead (RW), Llangefni (RW), Menai Bridge (RW), Bangor (RA), Bethesda (RW), Penmaenmawr (RW), Conwy (RW), Llandudno (RA).
Caernarfon (RW), Llanberis (RW), Penygroes (RW), Pwllheli (RW), Porthmadog (QDG), Barmouth (RW), Blaunau FFestiniog (RW), Dolgellau (RW), Tywyn (RW), Capel Curig (RW).
Dyfed & Glamorgan ACF.
Amalgamated as a region in April 2009, when Dyfed amalgamated with Glamorgan at a ceremony held at the new HQ in Bridgend. The main cap badge is that of the Royal Welsh worn by 5 Companies, although there is 1 detachment that wear the Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers Cap badge, there are also another 2 Companies who where Welsh Guards and Queen Dragoon Guards cap badges respectively.
The County HQ - Bridgend TA Centre.
Commandant - Colonel D Hammond.
CEO - Major S John
A Company (Cardiff) - Commanded by Major M Burrows
Barry
Cathays
Ely
Fairwater
Gabalfa
Llandaff North
Penarth
Rhoose
Ty Llewellyn
B (Rorkes Drift) Company (Swansea & Neath Port Talbot) - Commanded by Major R Holder
Clydach
Glamorgan Street (Cap badged Royal Monmouthshire Royal Engineers)
Gorseinon
Morfa
Morriston
Neath
Port Talbot
The Grange
Townhill
C Company (Bridgend) - Commanded by Major G Downes
Beddau
Bridgend
Maesteg
Pontypridd
Porthcawl
Talbot Green
Tonyrefail
D Company (Merthyr) - Commanded by Major D Harding
Cwmbach
Dowlais
Ferndale
Hirwaun
Merthyr
Mountain Ash
Pentre
Treharris
E Squadron, QDG's (Pembrokeshire) - Commanded by Major T Kiff
Fishguards
Haverfordwest
Milford Haven
Narberth
Neyland
Pembroke Dock
St Clears
Tenby
F Company (Carmarthenshire) - Commanded by Major R Batsford
Ammanford
Burry Port
Carmarthen
Cross Hands
Garnant
Llanelli
Llanelli - Corps of Drums
Trimsaran
G Company, Welsh Guards (Ceredigion) - Commanded by Captain J Sturbecher
Aberaeron
Aberyswyth
Cardigan
Lampeter
Llandeilo
Newcastle Emlyn
Gwent and Powys ACF.
County HQ: Cwrt Y Gollen
Commandant - Col R J G Hughes
Deputy Commandant - Lt Col T Sturges
Safety Officer - LT Safety First
CEO - Maj Munroe
Formerly Gwent ACF : Lt Col I R Gumm
Formerly Powys ACF : Lt Col D Saunders
The Band of G&P ACF - Gwent and Powys ACF band is badged to the Welsh Guards.
Northern Ireland.
Both Battalions Headquartered in Carryduff, Co. Down.
1st (N.I.) Battalion, Army Cadet Force
Consisting of 4 Companies - A, B, C, D and a specialised training company: Namur Company which trains cadets Going for 3 Star, covering the North and West of Northern Ireland, including some areas of North Belfast. Training centre is the new North West Training Centre, Magilligan. Cap badges include: Royal Irish Regiment, Royal Artillery, Royal Army Medical Corps, Army Air Corps, Irish Guards, Royal Signals, Royal Logistics Corps, Royal Dragoon Guards and Royal Engineers.
A Coy covers Co. Fermanagh and Tyrone (Entirely cap badged to Royal Irish Regiment with exception of Portora detachment)
B Coy covers the city and county of Londonderry (except for Magherafelt)
C Coy covers Co. Antrim (excluding Belfast) and Magherafelt
D Coy covers North Belfast
Positions in the Battalion
Commandant: Col Shepphard
Deputy Commandant: Lt Col Carruthers for the West (A and B Coy) and Lt Col Taylor for the East (C and D Coy)
2nd (N.I.) Battalion, Army Cadet Force
Consisting of 4 Companies - E,F, G and H 
E Coy - Covers most of lower Down and Armagh, They all badged Royal Irish Regiment
F Coy - Covers outskirts of Belfast and other part of Co. Down 
G Coy - Covers most of North Down and Ards Pensulia 
H Coy - Covers the rest of Belfast and Lisburn 
2nd Bn trains at the Caledon Cadet Training Centre, Ballykinler. Cap badges include : Royal Irish Regiment (All of E Coy are badged RIR), Royal Artillery, Queens Royal Hussars (Only detachment in Northern Ireland to wear this is in G Coy), Royal Logistics, Royal Engineers, Irish Guards, Royal Corps of Signals and Adjutant General's Corps.
2nd Battalion also has a specialised company called Anzio Company that offers training for the 3 star cadets like 1st Battalion.
34 Cadet Training Team offer training to both Battalions and also organise both Battalions SCIC Training at their annual camps.
References.
Gwent and Powys ACF

</doc>
<doc id="19721651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721651" title="Market Common Clarendon">
Market Common Clarendon

Market Common Clarendon is an outdoor mixed-use development featuring retail, restaurants, and residential buildings located along Clarendon Boulevard in the Clarendon neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia.
The center features stores for fashion, electronics, groceries (Whole Foods Market), and dining. It is a few blocks away from both Clarendon Metrorail station and the Courthouse neighborhood of Arlington.

</doc>
<doc id="19721654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721654" title="High Hopes (2006 film)">
High Hopes (2006 film)

High Hopes also billed as Nice Guys is a 2006 film directed by Joe Eckardt.
Plot.
Hollywood hopeful Tom Murphy and his posse of pals conspire to get into the big leagues. Pinning their hopes of industry success on Tom's famous girlfriend starring in their first feature, falls to pieces when she dumps him. Tom and his pals learn of another possibility and devise a plan to steal a fenced case of government issued marijuana, return it to the FBI and use the reward money to finance their movie. Little do they know a scorned girlfriend and her deaf mute brother have other plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19721661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721661" title="Nanfang Daily">
Nanfang Daily

The Southern Daily () is the official Guangdong Communist Party newspaper, sister to the more lively and commercial "Southern Metropolis Daily" and part of the giant Southern Media Group.
This Guangzhou-based family of papers are known to possess superior reporting and higher level of frankness than many PRC mainstream press outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="19721670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721670" title="Lyubov Morgunova">
Lyubov Morgunova

Lyubov Morgunova (; born January 14, 1971 in Respublika Tatarstan) is a long-distance runner from Russia. She represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, finishing in 23rd place. Morgunova set her personal best in the same year, clocking 2:26:33.

</doc>
<doc id="19721677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721677" title="Ordzhonikidzevsky City District, Perm">
Ordzhonikidzevsky City District, Perm

Ordzhonikidzevsky City District () is one of the seven city districts of the city of Perm in Perm Krai, Russia, located on both banks of the Kama River. Population: 
History.
The city district was established on March 16, 1940, when the city borders were expanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19721691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721691" title="Hoogkarspel railway station">
Hoogkarspel railway station

Hoogkarspel is a railway station in Hoogkarspel, the Netherlands. The station opened on 6 June 1885 and is located between Hoorn and Enkhuizen. The station is on the Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway. The station and services are operated Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The current station building dates from 1965.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Hoogkarspel:
Bus service.
All services operate to Hoogkarspel, Julianastraat, which is a short walk from the station along the Julianastraat.

</doc>
<doc id="19721752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721752" title="Mu River">
Mu River

Mu River (; ) is a river in upper central Myanmar (Burma), and a tributary of the country's chief river the Ayeyarwady. It drains the Kabaw valley and part of the Dry Zone between the Ayeyarwady to the east and its largest tributary Chindwin River to the west, flows directly north to south for about and enters the Ayeyarwady west of Sagaing near Myinmu. 
Its catchment area above the Kabo weir is . River flow and rainfall are both seasonal and erratic, at its lowest from January to April, rising sharply during May and June, and high from August to October. Because the Mu lies within the Dry Zone in the rain shadow of Rakhine Yoma, it receives scanty summer monsoon rainfall with a total streamflow of . An old popular expression in Burmese goes thus: "Ma myinbu, Mu myit htin" () - If you haven't seen a river before, you'd think the Mu is it. It may also be called "Mu Chaung" (creek) rather than "Mu Myit" (river) by some.
The wooded upper Mu valley is populated by the Kadu and Kanan minorities whereas the fertile lower valley constitutes part of the heartlands of the ethnic majority Bamar.
History.
In 1503 Mong Yang Shans attacked and took the northern garrison town of Myedu that guarded the irrigated Mu valley, an important granary to the Bamar kingdom of Ava. These attacks culminated in a full scale invasion in 1524 and the establishment of Shan rule (1527–1555). The Kabaw Valley saw many an invasion by the kingdom of Manipur to the west, most notably during the reign of King Garibaniwaj (1709–1748) when his army crossed over the Chindwin and the Mu, took Myedu, and reached as far as Sagaing opposite the capital Ava. The tables were turned in 1758 after King Alaungpaya ascended the Burmese throne and invaded Manipur.
Descendants from Portuguese captives (or "Bayingyi"), taken by King Anaukpetlun after defeating the adventurer Philip de Brito and settled in the area in the 17th century, still keep their Roman Catholic faith. And to this day their ancestry is discernible from their features.
The railroad bridge over the Mu river was destroyed by the retreating Japanese forces during World War II. During April and July 1943, USAF B-25s attacked the bridge between Ywataung and Monywa with little success, but accidentally hit upon a method of successful bombing on New Years Day 1944. The 490th squadron became so proficient that they won the accolade "Burma Bridge Busters".
An eyewitness report states that, at the time of the Depayin Massacre in May 2003, most of the victims killed were burnt and the remains dumped in the Mu river.
Flora and fauna.
Large-leaved deciduous hardwood of the Dipterocarpus spp., mainly D. tuberculatus, dominates in the forests mixed with some "ingyin" ("Pentacme suavis" and "Shorea oblongifolia"), "taukkyan" ("Terminalia tomentosa"), "thitsi" ("Melanorrhoea usitata"), bamboo, and "kaing" tall grass ("Saccharum" spp.) around water holes.
Chatthin Wildlife Sanctuary, with the Mu next to its eastern boundary, was designated a wildlife sanctuary in 1941 for the conservation of the brow-antlered deer "Thamin" (Cervus eldi thamin). There has been a decline in the population of large mammals since the end of WWII into the 80s, and these include tiger, bear, leopard, gaur, banteng, wild dog, barking deer and hog deer.
White-Winged Duck (Cairina scutulata), an endangered species of forest duck, is native to the Mu river.
Development.
The Mu valley is fertile and the government's efforts to develop the region can be seen in the Mu River Valley Project. Mu River Bridge was finished in April 2000, a rail-and-road bridge that links Monywa, Budalin, Dabayin, Ye-U and Kin-U. From Kin-U it links with the Mandalay - Myitkyina railway line, and from Monywa with the Sagaing-Monywa line.
Kabo Weir was constructed on the Mu between 1901-1907 by the British colonial administration. The largest dam and reservoir in the region at Thaphanseik for irrigation and hydroelectric power (30 MW) was also completed in May 2002 with Chinese aid. The $20 million project was financed by the China Import and Export Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="19721794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721794" title="Madina Biktagirova">
Madina Biktagirova

Madina Ulfatovna Biktagirova (; born September 20, 1964 in Osh, Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic, Soviet Union) is a retired long-distance runner. She competed for both Belarus and Russia. 
Professional career.
In 1992, Biktagirova set a course record at the Los Angeles Marathon in a time of 2:26:23. 
Biktagirova set her personal best in 1997, clocking 2:24:46. She won the 2002 and 2003 editions of the Nagano Olympic Commemorative Marathon.
Olympic career.
Biktagirova competed in three Olympic games under three different flags. She finished fourth in the marathon at the 1992 Olympics, competing for the Unified Olympic team. After the race, she tested positive for norephedrine and became the first Olympic marathoner disqualified for failing a drug test.
Biktagirova competed in the marathon at the 1996 Summer Olympics for Belarus, a race in which she did not finish. She ran the marathon for Russia at the 2000 Summer Olympics, finishing in 5th place. 

</doc>
<doc id="19721832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721832" title="1927 PGA Championship">
1927 PGA Championship

The 1927 PGA Championship was the 10th PGA Championship, held October 31 to November 5 at Cedar Park Country Club in Dallas, Texas. Then a match play championship, Walter Hagen defeated Joe Turnesa 1 up in the finals to win his fourth consecutive PGA Championship, his fifth and final overall, and the ninth of his eleven major titles.
The victory ran Hagen's match record at the PGA Championship in the 1920s to 30–1 (), falling only to Gene Sarazen in 38 holes in the 1923 finals. With his fourth consecutive title, his winning streak stood at twenty matches. Hagen, age 34, was also the medalist in the 36-hole qualifier on Monday at 141 (–1).
The course south of downtown Dallas was designed by A. W. Tillinghast and opened in 1919. The country club closed in 1929 and the course was purchased by the City of Dallas in 1946 and it continues as a public facility.
At the time, this was the furthest west and south that a major championship had been held. The western limit had been Illinois for multiple majors, and the southern-most venues had been Indiana for the PGA Championship in 1924 and Maryland for the U.S. Open in 1921.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1927 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Saturday, November 5, 1927"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721837" title="William Fitzsimmons (politician)">
William Fitzsimmons (politician)

William Kennedy Fitzsimmons (31 January 1909 - 21 February 1992) was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.
Born in Belfast, Fitzsimmons studied at Skegoneill National School and Belfast Technical College. He became a domestic engineer, and in 1948 was appointed as a Belfast Water Commissioner, serving as chairman of the Commissioners in 1954-55. In 1951, he became a justice of the peace.
Fitzsimmons was also an active member of the Ulster Unionist Party and was the President of Duncairn Unionist Association. He was elected to the Parliament of Northern Ireland at a by-election in 1956, representing Belfast Duncairn. In 1961, he was made Assistant Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Finance, an assistant whip position. He also became Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Commerce. He was then rotated through a series of Parliamentary Secretary positions, serving with the Ministry of Home Affairs from 1963 to 1964, the Ministry of Health and Local Government from 1964 to 1966 and also the Ministry of Development for a period in 1965.
In April 1965, Fitzsimmons was finally appointed to a Cabinet position, becoming Minister of Education. He moved to become Minister of Development in 1966, back to Education in 1968 and finally served as Minister of Health and Social Services from 1969 until the Parliament was prorouged in 1972.
In 1968, Fitzsimmons' daughter married a Roman Catholic. As a result, he resigned from the Orange Order. At the 1969, former independent Unionist Member of Parliament Norman Porter stood against Fitzsimmons as a candidate whose opposition to Catholicism was in no doubt, but Fitzsimmons held his seat.
At the Darlington Conference of 1973, Fitzsimmons served on the small Unionist team. Later in the year, he decided not to stand in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.

</doc>
<doc id="19721850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721850" title="Last Night I Saved Her from Vampires">
Last Night I Saved Her from Vampires

Last Night I Saved Her From Vampires is a live album by the Welsh band Future of the Left. It was recorded in Cardiff Clwb Ifor Bach and London Water Rats in August 2008. The album was initially available at live shows from late 2008 onwards, but was given a general release on CD and Download by 4AD on 2 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19721854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721854" title="1928 PGA Championship">
1928 PGA Championship

The 1928 PGA Championship was the 11th PGA Championship, held October 1–6 at the Five Farms Course of the Baltimore Country Club in Lutherville, Maryland, north of Baltimore. Then a match play championship, Leo Diegel defeated Al Espinosa 6 & 5 in the finals to win the first of his two consecutive titles.
Prior to the finals, Diegel defeated both Walter Hagen and Gene Sarazen, the winners of the previous seven PGA Championships, in the two preceding matches. He prevailed 2 & 1 over nemesis Hagen in the quarterfinals and 9 & 8 over Sarazen in the semifinals. Diegel had lost to Hagen in the 1925 quarterfinals (40 holes) and the 1926 finals.
Five-time champion Hagen had won 22 consecutive matches and four straight titles at the PGA Championship. Prior to his loss to Diegel in the quarterfinals, his match record in the 1920s was 32–1 (), falling only to Sarazen in 38 holes in the 1923 finals. 
The Five Farms Course, now the East Course, was designed by A. W. Tillinghast and opened two years earlier in September 1926.
Diegel continued the tradition of repeat champions and successfully defended his title in 1929.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1928 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Saturday, October 6, 1928"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721870" title="1929 PGA Championship">
1929 PGA Championship

The 1929 PGA Championship was the 12th PGA Championship, held December 2–7 at Hillcrest Country Club in Los Angeles, California. Then a match play championship, defending champion Leo Diegel defeated Johnny Farrell 6 & 4 in the finals to win the second of his two major titles.
Like the year before, Diegel defeated both Walter Hagen and Gene Sarazen on his way to the title; this year he won 3 & 2 over both, Sarazen in the quarterfinals and Hagen in the semifinals.
Prior to his loss to Diegel in the semifinals, five-time champion Hagen was 35–2 () in match play at the PGA Championship in the 1920s, losing only to Sarazen in 38 holes in the 1923 finals, and Diegel 2 & 1 in the 1928 quarterfinals. Hagen's victory over Tony Manero in the 1929 quarterfinals was his last match win at the PGA Championship until 1940; he was winless in the 1930s with five first round losses. 
This was the first major championship played in the western United States.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1929 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Saturday, December 7, 1929"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721880" title="1930 PGA Championship">
1930 PGA Championship

The 1930 PGA Championship was the 13th PGA Championship, held September 8–13 at Fresh Meadow Country Club in Flushing, New York. Then a match play championship, Tommy Armour defeated Gene Sarazen 1 up in the finals for the second of his three major titles. 
Johnny Farrell and Horton Smith were co-medalists at 145 (+5) in the 36-hole stroke play qualifier on Monday. Two-time defending champion Leo Diegel lost in the second round to Harold Sampson in 38 holes, ending his bid for a third straight title. Runner-up Sarazen was the club pro at Fresh Meadow; he previously won the PGA Championship in 1922 and 1923.
During the Monday qualifier, Diegel shot 81 in the morning round, and was in danger of not advancing to match play. He followed up with a 69 in the afternoon and his 150 put him only five strokes behind the medalists, in a tie for 8th place, easily within the top 32. Starting in 1931, the defending champion was exempt from qualifying.
The course where this PGA Championship was played in Queens no longer exists. Designed by A. W. Tillinghast, it opened in 1923 and also hosted the U.S. Open in 1932, won by Sarazen. Under increasing development and tax pressure, the Fresh Meadow Country Club sold the property in 1946, which was developed as a residential neighborhood (the Fresh Meadows section of Queens). The club then purchased the property, clubhouse, and golf course of the defunct Lakeville Golf & Country Club in Lake Success, its current home.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1930 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Past champions in the field.
Failed to qualify.
Source:
Final results.
"Saturday, September 13, 1930"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721889" title="1931 PGA Championship">
1931 PGA Championship

The 1931 PGA Championship was the 14th PGA Championship, held September 14–19 at Wannamoisett Country Club in Rumford, Rhode Island, northeast of Providence. Then a match play championship, Tom Creavy, age 20, defeated Gene Sarazen 5 & 3 in the semifinals and Denny Shute 2 & 1 in the finals.
This was the first year the defending champion was exempt from qualifying; Tommy Armour lost in the quarterfinals to Shute, 3 & 1.
Through 2012, Sarazen remains the youngest winner of a modern major title at age 20 (in 1922) and Creavy was just 2 months older. Finalist Shute won consecutive titles in 1936 and 1937.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1931 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Saturday, September 19, 1931"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721897" title="Bovenkarspel-Grootebroek railway station">
Bovenkarspel-Grootebroek railway station

Bovenkarspel-Grootebroek is a railway station for Grootebroek, Stede Broec and Bovenkarspel, the Netherlands. The station opened on the 6th June 1885 and is located between Hoorn and Enkhuizen. The station is on the Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway. The station and services are operated Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The current station building dates from 1965.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Bovenkarspel-Grootebroek:

</doc>
<doc id="19721907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721907" title="1932 PGA Championship">
1932 PGA Championship

The 1932 PGA Championship was the 15th PGA Championship, held August 30 to September 4 at Keller Golf Course in Maplewood, Minnesota. Then a match play championship, Olin Dutra won the first of his two major titles, defeating Frank Walsh 4 & 3. Dutra was also the medalist in the 36-hole stroke play qualifier on Tuesday.
Defending champion Tom Creavy lost in the semifinals to Walsh in 38 holes. Keller Golf Course, a public facility owned and operated by Ramsey County, hosted the PGA Championship again in 1954.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1932 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Past champions in the field.
Failed to qualify.
Armour did not advance in the eight-way playoff for the final two spots in the match play field.<br>
Source:
Final results.
"Sunday, September 4, 1932"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721915" title="Labourhome">
Labourhome

Labourhome is a popular political blog specializing in British politics started by Alex Hilton and Jag Singh. Launched in 2006 with the tagline, "Back to the roots," the site targets supporters of the British Labour Party.
Labourhome is not a standard forum-based website, but rather a collaborative blog, which allows registered members to contribute articles to the site.
The site garnered attention early in its history, when Hazel Blears posted an entry on the site. In 2008 former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott started writing on the site.
In 2009 the site became embroiled in a libel legal case, which finally came to an end in the Court of Appeal in March 2011 with the libel case being struck out as not worth pursuing when considering the minimal actual damage against the costs of the litigation.
History.
The site was re-launched on 10 May 2007, the day British Prime Minister Tony Blair resigned as Leader of the Labour Party.
In July 2008 New Statesman publisher Mike Danson bought out one of the co-founders.
In September 2008 a Labourhome user survey was used as the basis of a The Independent front page article claiming that Labour activists wanted Prime Minister Gordon Brown to stand down, leading to some criticism of Labourhome from within the Labour Party.
In May 2009 the website switched from using bespoke blogging software to WordPress, with a significant change in appearance. The site was further revamped in March 2010 in preparation for the general election, and updated to use the Hashcash anti-spam plugin.
The site became inactive for a while after the 2010 general election, resuming activity in August 2011. Labourhome again became inactive in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19721929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721929" title="1933 PGA Championship">
1933 PGA Championship

The 1933 PGA Championship was the 16th PGA Championship, held August 8–13 at Blue Mound Country Club in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, a suburb west of Milwaukee. Then a match play championship, Gene Sarazen won the third of his three PGA Championship titles, defeating Willie Goggin 5 & 4. It was the sixth of Sarazen's seven major titles.
Defending champion Olin Dutra lost in the second round to semifinalist Johnny Farrell, 1 up.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1933 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Final results.
"Sunday, August 13, 1933"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721942" title="1934 PGA Championship">
1934 PGA Championship

The 1934 PGA Championship was the 17th PGA Championship, held July 24–29 at Park Country Club in Williamsville, New York, a suburb northeast of Buffalo. Then a match play championship, Paul Runyan won the first of his two PGA Championship titles, defeating Craig Wood in 38 holes.
Defending champion Gene Sarazen lost 4 & 3 in the second round to Al Watrous.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1934 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Past champions in the field.
Failed to qualify.
Source:
Final results.
"Sunday, July 29, 1934"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721947" title="Izumi Maki (athlete)">
Izumi Maki (athlete)

In addition to her Olympic appearances, Maki competed three times at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships (1991 to 1993) with her best performance being 22nd in the 1991 women's race. She was also a two-time participant at the World Championships in Athletics in the 10,000 m, coming 20th in 1991 and 17th in 1993. She won the Japanese Championship in the 10,000 m once in her career, in 1992.
Maki had back-to-back wins at the Shibetsu Half Marathon in 1993 and 1994, and also won the Gold Coast Half Marathon in the latter year. She was the initial winner of the 1995 Sapporo Half Marathon in a time of 70:10 minutes, but was disqualified for a doping violation and banned for three month.
Later in her career she focused on marathon running. She won the 1996 Nagoya International Women's Marathon and the Pilot Marathon in 1998. She retired from the sport in the late 1990s. She is now a training advisor to the Fujita Running Academy.
Maki holds the Asian record for the infrequently contested 20,000 m track race, a mark which was formerly the world record for the event.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19721958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721958" title="1935 PGA Championship">
1935 PGA Championship

The 1935 PGA Championship was the 18th PGA Championship, held October 17–23 at Twin Hills Golf & Country Club in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Then a match play championship, Johnny Revolta won his only major title, defeating Tommy Armour 5 & 4.
The match play field was increased this year to 64 players, with the first two rounds at 18 holes each, played on the first day, Friday. Weather caused a one day delay in the schedule and the finals were held on Wednesday.
Defending champion Paul Runyan lost 3 & 2 in the quarterfinals to Al Zimmerman.
Format.
The match play format at the PGA Championship in 1935 called for 12 rounds (216 holes) in six days:
Past champions in the field.
Source: -->
Final results.
"Wednesday, October 23, 1935"
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="19721965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721965" title="United States Senate election in Iowa, 2004">
United States Senate election in Iowa, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Iowa was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Chuck Grassley ran for re-election to a fifth term in the United States Senate. Grassley and former State Senator Arthur Small, Jr. won the Republican and Democratic primaries, respectively, unopposed, and faced each other in the general election. Though this election coincided with the highly competitive presidential election, Grassley was in little danger of losing his seat and defeated Small handily.

</doc>
<doc id="19721986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721986" title="Directed graph">
Directed graph

In mathematics, and more specifically in graph theory, a directed graph (or digraph) is a graph, or set of nodes connected by edges, where the edges have a direction associated with them. In formal terms, a digraph is a pair formula_1 (sometimes formula_2) of:
It differs from an ordinary or undirected graph, in that the latter is defined in terms of unordered pairs of vertices, which are usually called edges.
Sometimes a digraph is called a "simple digraph" to distinguish it from a "directed multigraph", in which the arcs constitute a multiset, rather than a set, of ordered pairs of vertices. Also, in a simple digraph loops are disallowed. (A loop is an arc that pairs a vertex to itself.) On the other hand, some texts allow loops, multiple arcs, or both in a digraph.
Basic terminology.
An arc formula_3 is considered to be directed "from" formula_4 "to" formula_5; formula_5 is called the "head" and formula_4 is called the "tail" of the arc; formula_5 is said to be a "direct successor" of formula_4, and formula_4 is said to be a "direct predecessor" of formula_5. If a path made up of one or more successive arcs leads from formula_4 to formula_5, then formula_5 is said to be a "successor" of formula_4, and formula_4 is said to be a "predecessor" of formula_5. The arc formula_18 is called the arc formula_19 "inverted".
An orientation of a simple undirected graph is obtained by assigning a direction to each edge. Any directed graph constructed this way is called an "oriented graph". A directed graph is an oriented simple graph if and only if it has neither self-loops nor 2-cycles.
A "weighted digraph" is a digraph with weights assigned to its arcs, similar to a weighted graph.
In the context of graph theory a digraph with weighted edges is called a "network".
The adjacency matrix of a digraph (with loops and multiple arcs) is the integer-valued matrix with rows and columns corresponding to the nodes, where a nondiagonal entry formula_20 is the number of arcs from node "i" to node "j", and the diagonal entry formula_21 is the number of loops at node "i". The adjacency matrix of a digraph is unique up to identical permutation of rows and columns. 
Another matrix representation for a digraph is its incidence matrix.
See Glossary of graph theory#Direction for more definitions.
Indegree and outdegree.
For a node, the number of head endpoints adjacent to a node is called the "indegree" of the node and the number of tail endpoints adjacent to a node is its "outdegree" (called "branching factor" in trees).
The indegree is denoted formula_22 and the outdegree as formula_23 A vertex with formula_24 is called a "source", as it is the origin of each of its incident edges. Similarly, a vertex with formula_25 is called a "sink".
The "degree sum formula" states that, for a directed graph,
If for every node , formula_27, the graph is called a "balanced digraph".
Digraph connectivity.
A digraph G is called "weakly connected" (or just "connected") if the undirected "underlying graph" obtained by replacing all directed edges of G with undirected edges is a connected graph. A digraph is "strongly connected" or "strong" if it contains a directed path from "u" to "v" and a directed path from "v" to "u" for every pair of vertices "u","v". The "strong components" are the maximal strongly connected subgraphs.
Classes of digraphs.
A directed graph "G" is called symmetric if, for every arc that belongs to "G", the corresponding reversed arc also belongs to "G". A symmetric, loopless directed graph is equivalent to an undirected graph with the edges replaced by pairs of inverse arcs; thus the number of edges is equal to the number of arcs halved.
An acyclic directed graph, acyclic digraph, or directed acyclic graph is a directed graph with no directed cycles. Special cases of acyclic directed graphs include multitrees (graphs in which no two directed paths from a single starting node meet back at the same ending node), oriented trees or polytrees (digraphs formed by orienting the edges of undirected acyclic graphs), and rooted trees (oriented trees in which all edges of the underlying undirected tree are directed away from the roots).
A tournament is an oriented graph obtained by choosing a direction for each edge in an undirected complete graph. 
In the theory of Lie groups, a quiver "Q" is a directed graph serving as the domain of, and thus characterizing the shape of, a "representation" "V" defined as a functor, specifically an object of the functor category FinVct"K"F("Q") where "F"("Q") is the free category on "Q" consisting of paths in "Q" and FinVct"K" is the category of finite dimensional vector spaces over a field "K". Representations of a quiver label its vertices with vector spaces and its edges (and hence paths) compatibly with linear transformations between them, and transform via natural transformations.

</doc>
<doc id="19721991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19721991" title="Bovenkarspel Flora railway station">
Bovenkarspel Flora railway station

Bovenkarspel Flora is a railway station on the outskirts of Bovenkarspel, the Netherlands. The station opened in 1977 and is located between Hoorn and Enkhuizen. The station is on the Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway. The station and services are operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station was originally opened to serve visitors to the annual "Westfriese Flora" flower fair held there, which is why Flora is included in the name. In 1999 an outbreak of legionellosis occurred during the flower fair which caused 32 deaths. The fair was renamed the "Holland Flower Festival" in 2003 and was relocated to Zwaagdijk-Oost in 2005.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Bovenkarspel Flora:

</doc>
<doc id="19722010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722010" title="Citizens Campaign for the Environment">
Citizens Campaign for the Environment

Citizens Campaign for the Environment (CCE) was founded in 1985 by a small group of Long Island citizens. CCE is as a not-for-profit. Offices are in Farmingdale, NY, White Plains, NY, Albany, NY, Syracuse, NY, Buffalo, NY, and New Haven, CT. CCE has 80,000 members and is a non-partisan environmental advocacy organization and is classified as a 501(c)4 non-profit. 
CCE advocates local, state, and federal environmental policy. CCE is best known regionally for its work on Long Island Sound and Great Lakes protection. CCE works in five main campaign areas: water protection; public health, toxics, and recycling; open space and wildlife habitat; climate change and energy policy; and legislative campaigns
CCE's stated mission is "Citizens Campaign for the Environment (CCE) works to build widespread citizen understanding and advocacy for policies and actions designed to manage and protect our natural resources and public health."

</doc>
<doc id="19722011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722011" title="Saint Augustine School (Laredo, Texas)">
Saint Augustine School (Laredo, Texas)

St. Augustine School is a school in Laredo, Texas, USA; located on 1300 Galveston Street. It was established in 1928. A new building was recently built for grades 6–8, increasing to an enrollment of 485+. 
Its name was St. Augustine "Elementary", but because a new middle school was added, the name was cut to St. Augustine School, according to former principal Olga P. Gentry.
St. Augustine is next to its sister school, Saint Augustine High School, which altogether, the schools have a total enrollment of about 1,100+. Both schools announce their jamaica festival every year.
The school has many extracurricular activities, such as the National Junior Honor Society, Math Counts, sports, and also other educational activities. Its middle school students attend the new building, and have eight periods (classes) daily.
The school also participates in the WBCA parade every February in honor of George Washington. 
Its uniforms are sold in various styles and in various stores in Laredo.
The principal is currently Silvia Cortez, after Principal Gentry became the principal for the high school.

</doc>
<doc id="19722013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722013" title="Henry Hayes">
Henry Hayes

Henry Hayes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722024" title="U234">
U234

U234 or U-234 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722138" title="Pentagon Row">
Pentagon Row

Pentagon Row is an upscale outdoor shopping and residential center with storefronts facing South Joyce Street. It is adjacent to the Fashion Centre at Pentagon City. It is noted as being one of the contributing factors to the failure of the nearby Landmark Mall.

</doc>
<doc id="19722142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722142" title="Enkhuizen railway station">
Enkhuizen railway station

Enkhuizen is a terminus railway station in Enkhuizen, the Netherlands. The station opened on 6 June 1885 and is located at the end of the Zaandam–Enkhuizen railway. The station and services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen. The station has a nearby ferry departure point with a ferry to Stavoren. There is also a ferry to and from Medemblik, allowing one to travel the so-called "historical triangle" using the Steamtrain Hoorn Medemblik from Hoorn to Medemblik, the boat to Enkhuizen and the train back to Hoorn from here (or the other way around). Both ferry services operate only during the summer.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Enkhuizen:

</doc>
<doc id="19722179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722179" title="Graton éditeur">
Graton éditeur

Graton Editeur is a French publishing house created by comics drawer and writer Jean Graton in 1982. It is owned by Jean Graton and his son Philippe. Graton Editeur have published the works of Jean Graton, among them the famous comics series "Michel Vaillant".
History.
On February 7, 1957 Jean Graton created the character Michel Vaillant. Five short stories were published in Tintin. In the face of their huge popularity, a full album was drawn and written by Jean Graton, published in Tintin in 1959. In 1966, the adventures of Michel Vaillant were adapted for TV. From 1982 on, new albums are published by Graton editeur, owned by Philippe and Jean Graton. In 1986, the album "Irish coffee" was awarded the Morzine Avoriaz Festival's Grand Prix. In 1990, the adventures were adapted for animation series on TV. In 1995, a new series was launched, the Dossiers Michel Vaillant series, with comics and information on important figures in the automobile industry. In 2000, the Palmarès Inedit series was created. In recent years Jean Graton has left the scenario writing to his son Philippe and the drawing was done by the Studio Graton.

</doc>
<doc id="19722189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722189" title="Signature BioScience">
Signature BioScience

Signature BioScience Inc. was the first biotechnology company based in San Francisco. It was formed in 1998 but closed in 2003 due to lack of funding. Before Signature was dissolved, it had just completed Phase II trials on Digitoxin, which the company was pursuing as an anti-cancer compound. However, the company's core competency was developing biotechnology tools that would be used to identify highly qualified pre-clinical leads.
History.
Timeline.
Signature BioScience (Signature) was founded by John Hefti, a theoretical physicist who received his doctorate from UC Berkley and studied medicine at Stanford. Signature’s main business model was to become a drug development company with preclinical leads available for licensing to pharmaceutical and biotech partners. Their main focus area was cancer, although they were in the process of developing some compounds in other therapeutic areas. Andrew Sandham later became president of the company and John Hefti became the CTO, with Mark McDade taking over as the CEO in late 2000. Towards the end of 2002, Robert J. Zimmerman succeeded Mark McDade, who left Signature to go to Protein Design Labs. Zimmerman became the President and a member of the Board of Directors, while maintaining his position as the COO; he had also formerly held the positions of EVP of Research & Development at Signature. (See Key People below for more about others in the company.)
In September 2001, Signature entered into a collaboration agreement with Micralyne, a leading company in microfluidics and “lab-on-a-chip.” Signature acquired the entirety of PrimeCyte’s stock in the beginning of January 2002. PrimeCyte was a private oncology-based company located in Seattle, WA, that focused on drug discovery. Signature wanted the newly acquired company to help advance its detection-based, cell-oriented drug discovery program WaveScreen. Signature then acquired Protein Design Labs’ Small Molecule Group (SMG) at the end of January, 2002. "Signature Acquires Protein Design Labs’ Small Molecule Group." "Biomedical NewsSearcher." January 29, 2002.</ref> (See Acquisitions and Partnerships for the complete list of companies.) 
Signature became the first biotechnology company in San Francisco after acquiring of office and space in the city. They signed a 10-year lease in October 2001. Before all the employees and equipment moved into the new facility in May 2002, Signature increased its lease space to 100,000 square feet. In April 2003, Signature decided to cease all operations when investors decided not to give the company a $10 million bridge loan. This loan was supposed to be used until the company completed a $30 million private equity from S.G. Capital Partners. (See Financing below.)
Acquisitions and Partnerships.
MDS Inc. and Signature BioScience Inc. MDS Inc., a company focused on products and services for development of drugs, diagnosis and treatment of diseases. It has departments which work on analytical instruments, molecular imaging, and contract research. MDS paid an upfront fees of $10 million and undisclosed milestone and royalty payments to Signature BioScience in exchange for its MCS technology. The product development work was divided between the two companies. MDS was solely responsible for sales, marketing and service of the instrumentation. MDS’ products will have Signature’s WaveSpec technology as part of their product line. This partnership was done in August 2001.
Micralyne and Signature BioScience Inc. Micralyne, microfluids or lab-on-chip company and Signature Bioscience entered into a collaboration agreement where Micralyne will give microfluidic and micromachining technology and development services to Signature for it to develop miniaturized platforms for certain drug discovery allplications. The deal was done in September 2001. 
Cambridge and Signature BioScience Signature bought Cambridge Discovery Chemistry (CDC) from Millennium to strengthen its drug discovery infrastructure in July 2001. 
Primecyte Inc. and Signature BioScience Signature BioScience acquired 100% of the stock of PrimeCyte Inc., a drug discovery company focused on cancer. PrimeCyte’s Cytection technology was for producing high throughput drug discovery screens that use primary cells. Signature was getting a pipeline of several compounds with anti-tumor activity. Signature also got a drug candidate PC4071 which was in Phase II clinical trials then for treatment of ovarian cancer and sarcomas. (Jan 2002)
Protein design labs and Signature BioScience Signature BioSciences acquired Protein Design Lab’s Small Molecule Group access its high throughput screening and small molecule drug discovery efforts. (Jan 2002)
Sunesis Pharmaceuticals and Signature BioScience Signature BioSciences formed a collaboration with Sunesis Pharmaceuticals to access their small molecule inhibitors for protein-protein interaction within inflammation pathways.
Financing.
After leaving his work at Stanford and filing a patent, John Hefti raised $1 million in funding from Prospect Venture Partners (PVP) and Abingworth Management Inc. In September 2000, Signature raised $17 million in a Series C private funding, which was led by Atlas Venture, and included CIBC Capital Partners and Coral Ventures as well as the company's original investors, ProspectVenture Partners and Abingworth Management. In July 2001, Signature raised $43 million in a 4th round (Series D) of financing. The fund was led by SG Capital Partners, with the other existing investors participating in the round including PVP, Atlas Venture, Abinworth Management, CIBC Capital Partners, and Coral Ventures. The new investors in this round included SG Capital Partners, Vulcan Ventures Inc., MDS Capital Corp, China Development Industrial Bank, Tallwood Venture Capital, Lehman Brothers, Lotus Bioscience Ventures Ltd., and IRR. At this point, the company had raised a total of $64 million since its beginning in 1998. Signature had assumed that their revenues, which would include the fees from pharmaceutical device companies, would reach $10 million at the end of 2001 and expected the numbers to skyrocket to $100 million by 2004. However, the company dissolved after it failed to obtain a necessary bridge loan in 2003.
Technology and Products.
WaveScreen.
Signature’s detection-based, cell-oriented drug discovery platform, WaveScreen, integrates Signature's portfolio of complementary screening technologies; including its proprietary spectroscopy, MCS, and Cytection with assays. The technologies evaluates both cellular and molecular responses to compounds at the beginning of the drug discovery process. The company used WaveScreen to drive lead compound discovery for pharmaceutical and biotech partnership opportunities, while globally commercializing its MCS-based WaveSpec instrumentation in collaboration with its partner MDS Sciex.
Cytection.
Cytection assays were a part of Signature’s drug discovery and development program. The technology was based on their proprietary screening platform which was used to rapidly discover and efficiently optimize highly qualified small molecules. Cytection used diseased and normal patient-derived primary cells, rather than immortalized cell lines, to identify compounds that were selectively active against diseased tissues compared to normal tissues. Signature used the platform for hit identification when screening potential drug compounds as well as for structure activity relationship (SAR) lead optimization.
Multipole Coupling Spectroscopy.
Signature also developed a cellular detection system based on its proprietary Multipole Coupling Spectroscopy (MCS) technology. The MCS technology was used for applications in drug discovery and is based upon dielectric spectroscopy. MCS uses microwave and radio frequencies which can be used to scan proteins and cells. The response signal indicates whether there's an interaction, the change in the structure of the protein or cell and the resulting change in function. Signature used the technology to look at the effect on a given protein or a given cell caused by the addition of another molecule. The system operates in real time with no labels or tags necessary. Compounds can be profiled against many cellular systems, in primary cells, in immortalized cells with the target in its native state, or in cell lines in which the target is artificially introduced. The system allows detection of physical and biological properties of molecules and cells, including target drug receptors and the interactions of two molecules with each other in real time (such as the binding of a test compound to a target drug receptor. ) Signature's patent portfolio relating to MCS consisted of five issued patents: four in the United States, one in the United Kingdom.
MDS Sciex.
In 2003, MDS Sciex, a Toronto-based manufacturer of mass spectrometers, bought the MCS technology and hired 12 former Signature employees. After two years of continued research and development, the bioimpedance technology was launched as a radically new cellular assay for drug discovery. It is now marketed as the CellKey 384 System. Four former Signature employees - Vivian Liu, Chris Fuller, Eric Nehrlich, and Simon Pitchford - received the 2008 PolyPops Award from the Society for Biomolecular Sciences (SBS) for the development of CellKey.
Pharmaceutical Compounds.
The company had a pipeline of potential pharmaceuticals focusing primarily in oncology. One of the compounds, SN4071, was in Phase II clinical trial for soft tissue sarcoma when the company failed. Other compounds that were being evaluated were SN 2347600 and SN 25017808. SN 2347600 was undergoing preclinical evaluation in ovarian cancer and melanoma. This compound showed to be highly active and selective against lung adenocarcinoma, malignant melanoma, ovarian cancer and sarcoma. SN 25017808 is a compound with activity against human lung and breast cancer cell lines, including chemo-resistant cell lines, and had entered preclinical evaluation. Based on both the NCI 60 panel results as well as biochemical analyses, this compound appeared to have a dual mechanism: an antagonist of topoisomerase II and an inhibitor of microtubulin polymerization. Signature also had multiple hit-stage chemical series that were awaiting optimization.
Market Assessment.
Diamond Model.
Firm Strategy, Structure and Rivalry Signature’s strategy was to leverage their drug discovery technology to become a FIBCO while acquiring more companies that could enhance their technology platform. They also considered collaborating with other companies that could help them move their drug discovery plans forward in the short term. Drug discovery targets were limited to those that could serve the oncology market, which has intense competition because of its market size. There are several competitors with various alternative technologies trying to serve the drug discovery market as well. Even the simple idea of moving assays from 385-well microtiter plates to 1536-well plates can significantly reduce reagent and labeling costs while decreasing the time needed to screen compounds. Signature’s technology eliminated the need for reagents and labels which gave the company a competitive advantage; however, in the current form marketed by MDS, the device still conforms to either a 96 or 384 well standard.
Demand Conditions The major customer of Signature BioScience was anticipated to be large pharmaceutical companies as well as biotech firms. The key goal of Signature was to reduce the discovery time required by a pharmaceutical company by clustering lead molecules, using molecule’s biologic activity which could be directly examined by WaveScreenTM. There is a great amount of pressure to find new lead molecules and reduce the time it takes to get through the discovery process. The Discovery and Development process is extremely costly and pharmaceutical industries spend a significant amount of time and energy looking for ways to shorten the process and, thus, decrease their expenses. Therefore, there was a great amount of pressure for Signature to improve their quality and to create innovative products that would have distinguished them from competitors.
Related and Supporting Industries Signature aimed to become a Fully Integrated Biotechnology Company (FIBCO.) However, the original company was based on screening tools used to speed up the drug discovery process for FIBCOs. This means that it wanted to become its main supporting industry by leveraging its platform technology as a competitive advantage. 
Factor Conditions Porter argues that the "key" factors of production are skilled labor, capital, and in this particular case, science and technology. 
Potential Reasons for Dissolving the Venture.
The company became impaired due to: (1) the quick turnover of management, (2) overly aggressive business strategy, (3) market conditions for their particular industry, and (4) the company’s poorly projected performance and expected cash needs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19722205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722205" title="United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2004">
United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Louisiana was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator John Breaux decided to retire. Republican U.S. Representative David Vitter won the jungle primary with 51% of the vote and avoided a runoff.
Campaign.
Breaux endorsed Chris John prior to the jungle primary.
During the campaign, Vitter was accused by a member of the Louisiana Republican State Central Committee of having had a lengthy affair with a prostitute in New Orleans. Vitter responded that the allegation was "absolutely and completely untrue" and that it was "just crass Louisiana politics."
Vitter won the Louisiana senatorial jungle primary with 51.0 percent of the vote. The field of opponents including two major Democrats, then Seventh Congressional District Congressman Christopher John, who got 29.4 percent of the vote, and state Treasurer John Neely Kennedy (no relation to the Massachusetts Kennedy's), who got 15.1 percent.
Vitter won at least a plurality in 56 of Louisiana's 64 parishes. John carried nine parishes, all but two of which (Iberville and Orleans) are part of the House district he represented.
Kennedy changed parties and ran as Republican in 2008 against Louisiana's senior senator, Democrat Mary Landrieu. Landrieu won her third term in that election.
Vitter was the first Republican in Louisiana to be popularly elected as a U.S. Senator. The previous Republican Senator, William Pitt Kellogg, was chosen by the state legislature in 1876, in accordance with the process used before the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution went into effect in 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="19722208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722208" title="Will Harries">
Will Harries

Will Harries is a Wales international rugby union player. He has also been selected for the Wales national rugby union team (sevens) squad. He played for the Northampton Saints and spent time on loan at Bedford Blues. In June 2009 he was released by Northampton and joined Newport Gwent Dragons.
Harries was educated at The Cathedral School, Llandaff and Millfield, a school known for its rugby tradition. He appeared in a LV Cup game against the Saracens for the Dragons in January 2010, in which he scored 2 tries and was named Man-of-the-Match. 
In May 2010 he was added to the Wales national rugby union team standby list for the summer matches and subsequently called into the full squad due to injury to Shane Williams. He made his international debut versus New Zealand in Hamilton on 26 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19722212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722212" title="Little River (Biscayne Bay)">
Little River (Biscayne Bay)

The Little River is a river passing through the northern part of Miami, Florida, United States. It empties into Biscayne Bay.
History.
There was a small settlement here in the early 20th century called Little River that was annexed by the city of Miami in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19722233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722233" title="2000 Miami Sol season">
2000 Miami Sol season

The 2000 WNBA season was the 1st season for the Miami Sol.

</doc>
<doc id="19722311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722311" title="HMS Glasgow (1861)">
HMS Glasgow (1861)

HMS "Glasgow" was a wooden screw frigate, the fifth ship of the name to serve in the Royal Navy.
"Glasgow" was launched at Portsmouth Dockyard on 28 March 1861. Despite ironclad ships being introduced in 1858 and effectively rendering wooden hulls obsolete the "Glasgow" was built of wood to use up some of the extensive stocks of ship building timber then stored in Britain. Indeed the "Glasgow" would be one of the last Royal Navy Vessels to be made entirely from wood. Her one and only foreign deployment was as flagship to the East Indies from 1871-5. From 24 May 1871 until her decommissioning she was commanded by Captain Theodore Morton Jones. During this time she was the flagship of Rear-Admiral James Cockburn and then of Arthur Cumming, following Cockburn's death. "Glasgow" was paid off on 20 July 1875 and sold for breaking up in December 1884. The "Glasgow" was used by Sultan Bargash of Zanzibar as the model for his royal yacht HHS "Glasgow", Bargash having been impressed by the ship when it visited Zanzibar in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="19722315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722315" title="Lachlan Macleay">
Lachlan Macleay

Lachlan "Mac" Macleay (born June 13, 1931) is a retired colonel in the United States Air Force and a former USAF astronaut. Although he trained for the USAF Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL), the program was cancelled before any of the MOL crews reached space.
Macleay was born in Saint Louis, Missouri and graduated in 1954 from the United States Naval Academy with a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering. Although a USNA graduate, he chose to begin his career in the United States Air Force. In 1970, he earned a master's degree in business administration from the University of Southern California.
Macleay was a flight instructor in the F-86D at Moody Air Force Base in Georgia. He graduated from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School in class 60A, Aerospace Research Pilot School (ARPS) Class IV, and MOL. In 1965, Macleay was selected as one of the first astronauts to the Air Force's classified Manned Orbital Laboratory. The MOL program, canceled in 1969 before sending any astronauts into space, was to man a military space station with Air Force astronauts using a modified Gemini spacecraft.
Macleay continued flying for the Air Force and served a combat tour as commander of the 23d Tactical Air Support Squadron (TASS) at Nakhon Phanom, Thailand. The 23d TASS, flying the OV-10 Bronco under the callsign Nail, served as forward air controllers directing air strikes against enemy troops.
Macleay retired from the Air Force on May 1, 1978 and joined Hughes Aircraft in Tucson, Arizona where he worked on a series of missile systems. He currently lives in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The history of the MOL program was presented in the Public Television series NOVA episode called "Astrospies" which aired February 12, 2008. Several of the MOL astronauts, including Lachlan Macleay, were interviewed for this documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="19722338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722338" title="United States Senate election in Maryland, 2004">
United States Senate election in Maryland, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Maryland was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski won re-election to a fourth term.

</doc>
<doc id="19722366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722366" title="QuikTrip">
QuikTrip

QuikTrip (abbreviated QT) is a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores primarily found in the Midwestern and Southern United States.
The first QuikTrip was opened in 1958 in Tulsa, Oklahoma by Chester Cadieux and Burt B. Holmes. QuikTrip promotes its gasoline as "high-quality" through guaranteeing it. In 2005 QuikTrip and Chevron were the first two retailers to earn a "Top Tier" rating from General Motors, BMW, Honda, Volkswagen, Audi, and Toyota. (The "Top Tier" rating exceeds the United States Environmental Protection Agency's standards for gasoline additives.) QuikTrip stores are known for a wider-than-normal selection of fountain drinks, gourmet sandwiches, and grill items.
QuikTrip locations are larger than the average convenience store, offering anywhere from 6 to 29 gas pumps and a large retail space inside. All stores are owned and operated by the company and have a uniform layout: to the right of the doors are the candy and grocery items, as well as the coolers housing bottled soda and alcohol; and to the left are the snack display, fountain drinks (including coffee and frozen drinks), hot food area (comprising Oscar Meyer Beef Hot Dogs, Chicken Taquitos, Pepperjack Cheese Taquitos, Steak Taquitos, Buffalo Chicken Bites, Johnsonville Brats, Corn dogs, and Jalapeño Cheese Dogs), coolers with cold sandwiches inside, and the microwaves for frozen products. QuikTrip sells Freezoni, a frozen drink comparable to 7-11's Slurpee. Front and center is the checkstand, which usually has space for two or three employees and three to five POS registers. Some stores have a slightly different layout, often with the arrangement of the store being "mirrored."
Stores and locations.
QuikTrip operates 642 stores which are located in the following areas of the United States:
In the Dallas/Fort Worth and Atlanta metro areas, QuikTrip competes head to head with RaceTrac, an Atlanta-based convenience store chain that is very similar to QuikTrip inside and out. Both chains tend to have new clean facilities with abundant on-site lighting, a large convenience area.. In many cases, the two competitors are located directly across the street or on opposite street corners from one another. Because the company operates stores in Iowa and holds the trademarks to the name within that state, competing chain Kwik Trip uses a different name for their stores in the state, Kwik Star.
In 1994, QuikTrip acquired the former Memorex/Telex Communications headquarters in Tulsa and remodeled part of the building for its Oklahoma division. In 2003, QuikTrip decided to consolidate all employees into one corporate campus in south Tulsa and sold the building to Community Care College.
In 2007, QuikTrip also operates a store within the Sprint Center in Kansas City. The location only offered concessions and not gasoline. The store was closed in mid-2013.
In 2011, QuikTrip purchased a former Dillons grocery store in Wichita, Kansas. Currently QuikTrip is using it for storage. Future plans for this particular property have not yet been determined.
Highlights.
Quik Trip 
Customer expedition.
In an attempt to increase speed and improve customer service at Checkout, QuikTrip has begun asking customers to stand at the counter versus standing in a long line. Employees are taught at orientation to go provide assistance on an additional register when the customer to cashier ratio exceeds 3:1, and to direct customers to the closest available checkout.
QT Kitchens.
QuikTrip has begun an initiative of offering fresh food made daily at its own bakery and commissary referred to as QT Kitchens. The new offer includes fresh sandwiches, wraps, salads, fruit, and various pastries made and delivered daily. With the completion of the Dallas/Fort Worth facility, the line of products are available in all current markets.

</doc>
<doc id="19722370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722370" title="Ocha la Rocha">
Ocha la Rocha

Ocha la Rocha is an Alternative rock band based in Atlanta, Georgia. In 2005, their first full-length album, Ocha Lives was recorded and highlights the bands original rock-country sound. Johnny la Rocha's voice and song-writing has become a staple in the south.
History.
Ocha la Rocha was founded by Johnny la Rocha in 2004. In 2005 they evolved into a live act that debuted in Atlanta and Los Angeles.
The band has completed their second release Stealing Time with James Barber, a record producer of such artists as Ryan Adams, Courtney Love, & Andy Zipf. Stealing Time is scheduled for an early 2010 release.
Their music has been featured in Gold Circle Films My Sassy Girl (2008 film), Hot Tub Time Machine, Going the Distance and such television as Dirty Sexy Money, America's Funniest Home Videos a Burger King advertisement, ABC Family's Greek, LA Ink, Life Unexpected, Cougar Town, and The Middle. 
Their debut record Ocha Lives is being re-released in early 2010 because of the bands success. It was produced by Kristofer Sampson at Nickel and Dime Studios in Atlanta.

</doc>
<doc id="19722372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722372" title="Jules Aimé Battandier">
Jules Aimé Battandier

Jules Aimé Battandier (January 28, 1848 – September 18, 1922) was a French botanist who was a native of Annonay, department of Ardèche. He was an authority on Algerian flora.
In 1875 he became head of the pharmacy at Hôpital Mustapha, and in 1879 was a professor to the faculty of medicine and pharmacy in Algiers. He has several botanical species named after him, including "Cytisus battandieri", commonly known as the Moroccan broom.

</doc>
<doc id="19722407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722407" title="Vuneny">
Vuneny

Vuneny are an experimental band, formed in 2003 as "electro-acoustic" project. Continuously experimenting with the sound, Vuneny perform and implement music collaborating 
with different artists and music forms, metamorphosing itself into dynamic "work in progress" constantly upgrade and disperse.

</doc>
<doc id="19722436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722436" title="2009 Le Mans Series season">
2009 Le Mans Series season

The 2009 Le Mans Series season was the sixth season of Automobile Club de l'Ouest's Le Mans Series. It was contested over five events between 5 April and 13 September 2009.
Aston Martin Racing trio Jan Charouz, Tomáš Enge and Stefan Mücke finished every race on the podium en route to the LMP1 championship. In LMP2, the pro-amateur pairing of Olivier Pla and Miguel Amaral won the title, with two class wins. Yann Clairay and Patrice Goueslard shared the honours in GT1, driving for former skier Luc Alphand's team. In the tightest battle out of the classes, Marc Lieb and Richard Lietz took GT2 honours by a single point ahead of JMW Motorsport pairing Rob Bell and Gianmaria Bruni.
Schedule.
On 10 October 2008, the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) announced a preliminary 2009 schedule consisting of five rounds. The 1000 km of Algarve in Portugal notionally replaced the 1000 km of Monza, while the rest of the events from 2008 remain. In a first for the Le Mans series, the Algarve ran at night. A second testing event was added to the schedule later, consisting of two days in April at the Bugatti Circuit in Le Mans, France.
Championships.
Points were awarded to the top 8 finishers in the order of 10-8-6-5-4-3-2-1. One bonus point was also awarded for winning pole position (denoted by bold). Cars which failed to complete 70% of the winner's distance were not awarded points. Drivers who did not drive for at least 45 minutes did not receive points. Entries which changed an engine prior to the two race minimum were penalized two points, with a four point penalty for every subsequent engine change.
Team championships.
The top two finishers in each teams championship earned automatic entry to the 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans.

</doc>
<doc id="19722454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722454" title="European Science and Technology Observatory">
European Science and Technology Observatory

The European Science and Technology Observatory (ESTO) was the first project of the Joint Research Centre's Institute for Prospective Technological Studies based in Seville, Spain.
It was set up to attempt to "create a platform of experts engaged in monitoring and analysing scientific and technological developments and their relation and interaction with society." After some 10 years of work, ESTO developed into two new networks:
the ERAWATCH Network, a web-based service that presents information on national research policies, actors, organisations, programmes; and the ETEPS Network (European Techno Economic Policy Support Network), a network of European organisations that operates in all 27 EU Member States, covering policy subjects such as agriculture, consumer protection, energy, environment, enterprise, health, information society, innovation, research, and transport.

</doc>
<doc id="19722478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722478" title="Eurema nicippe">
Eurema nicippe

The Sleepy Orange ("Eurema nicippe") is a North American butterfly in the family Pieridae. 
Description.
"For a key to the terms used, see Lepidopteran glossary"
The Sleepy Orange is a bright orange butterfly with the upper side of the wings having wide black borders. The forewing coastal margin has a small, narrow black spot. Some people think that the Sleepy Orange got its name from the black spot that looks like a closed eye; others say that the Sleepy Orange is a misnomer because, when disturbed, the butterfly has a very rapid flight. The underside of the wings varies seasonally: summer forms are bright yellow with brick red markings, while winter forms are browner and more heavily marked. It has a wingspan of 1–2 inches.
Habitat.
The Sleepy Orange may be found in or around old fields, roadsides, woods edges, swamps, wet meadows, open woodlands, margins of ponds, waterways, and valleys.
Life cycle.
The eggs are pale greenish-yellow and turn red just before hatching. They are laid on the underside of the host plant leaves, or sometimes on flowers. The larva is fuzzy and grayish-green, with a whitish-yellow side stripe. The chrysalis varies from green to brownish black. Adult Sleepy Oranges migrate south to spend the winter. They have 2–4 broods per year.
Host Plants.
Here are a list of host plants for the Sleepy Orange:

</doc>
<doc id="19722492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722492" title="Capture Fox">
Capture Fox

Capture Fox is a free Mozilla Firefox add-on that was released on July 12th, 2008. Its primary use is for capturing screen shots and recording voices, making it useful for creating screencast videos.
Capture Fox is only supported on the Microsoft Windows platform and runs within the Windows version of Mozilla Firefox, and works with all Firefox versions up to and including 6. Video is captured using the Motion JPEG or Xvid. Sound is recorded in the WAV or MP3 audio format. Video is outputted as an AVI audio/video file. Frames per second can be set to a value between 1 and 5. 

</doc>
<doc id="19722497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722497" title="Nathan Cleverly">
Nathan Cleverly

Nathan Cleverly (born 17 February 1987) is a Welsh professional boxer and former WBO light heavyweight world champion. He is also the former European, British and Commonwealth light heavyweight champion. He graduated with a BSc in Mathematics from Cardiff University in 2010.
Professional career.
Cleverly made his professional debut in July 2005 with a four round victory over journeyman Ernie Smith at the Meadowbank Sports Center in Edinburgh and within a year had compiled a winning ledger of 6–0. His first fight of substance however was in October 2006 when he met Liverpool's Tony Quigley at the MEN Arena in Manchester. The fight which was on the undercard to the match up between Joe Calzaghe and Sakio Bika ended in a 5th round stoppage for Cleverly and handed Quigley his first pro defeat.
The next big test for the young prospect took place at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff just over a year later in September 2007 when Cleverly met tough Ugandan Joey Vegas. Cleverly at that time boasted a record of 10–0 and Vegas 10–1. The fight ended with a gruelling points win over 8 rounds for the Welshman in what was his toughest fight to date. Speaking about the result to the BBC and referring to the sparring he received in the Enzo Calzaghe gym, Cleverly said ""I'm still young and won't be hitting my peak for about eight years, but think how good the wars I'm having in the gym now are doing me for the future ... I want to keep on progressing, to go for the British title, then maybe a world crown in a couple of years.""
Cleverly had made a point of fighting on the undercards of his stablemate Joe Calzaghe with the Vegas fight being one of the prelims to Calzaghe's World title unification fight against Mikkel Kessler. The next stop however was the real Vegas, Las Vegas to support Calzaghe's attempt to win "The Ring"s Light heavyweight belt against American fighter Bernard Hopkins. Cleverly, fighting outside the UK for the first time as a pro also faced American opposition and beat Antonio Baker over 8 rounds.
In September 2008, the young boxer chose to leave Enzo Calzaghe's Newbridge boxing club where he had trained throughout his career and begin training at his father's gym in South Wales. Speaking about his decision to leave the gym Cleverly said ""I have been trained by Enzo Calzaghe for six years since my youth days so leaving him has been one of the hardest decision I've ever had to make ... Enzo is largely responsible for where I am in my career and I cannot thank him enough for what he has done for me."" Cleverly had been concerned following the legal wranglings between promoter Frank Warren and his former stablemate Joe Calzaghe and added ""I cannot take any chances with my career ... I take boxing very seriously and want to be world champion. Hopefully Frank can sort that out for me.""
Commonwealth champion.
In October 2008, Cleverly landed a shot at the vacant Commonwealth light heavyweight title topping the bill for the first time in his career at the Everton Park Sports Centre in Liverpool. His opponent was the experienced former British champion Tony Oakey who he beat on points over 12 rounds. Speaking after picking up his first belt Cleverly said ""What a memorable night for me, winning a title is something I have dreamed of since I was a kid ... I have worked hard for this but this is just the start for me – I want to rule the world."" 
Cleverly defended his title just two months later in December against Kenyan Douglas Otieno. The African fighter, who came into the contest with a record of 18–1, was no match for the Welshman and was stopped in the 4th round. In February 2009 he defended for the second time against another Kenyan, Samson Onyang winning via knockout in the 1st round. On 22 May 2009 he scored a second round stoppage over Billy Boyle for his third defence of the title.
British champion.
The victory over Boyle set Cleverly up for a shot at the vacant British title on 18 July 2009 against English champion Danny McIntosh. Fighting at the York Hall Cleverly knocked McIntosh down on four occasions before the referee stepped in to stop the fight in the 7th round ensuring that Cleverly could add the Lonsdale Belt to his Commonwealth. Following the victory Cleverly laid claim to being the best light heavyweight in Britain, despite the fact that fellow Brit Clinton Woods was soon to be travelling to Florida in a challenge for the vacant IBF World title against Tavoris Cloud. Cleverly saying that whenever the fight between himself and Woods could be made, he would be ready for it. Former champion Woods would go on to lose the fight and promptly announced his retirement from boxing. On 25 September 2009 Cleverly was pipped to the prestigious Boxing Writers Club young boxer of the year award by only one vote losing out to British welterweight champion Kell Brook in what was the closest vote in the history of the award.
On 9 October 2009 Cleverly defended both belts for the very first time against former Commonwealth games gold medallist Courtney Fry. The fight, at the York Hall, resulted in an 8th round stoppage for Cleverly against a man who had been a successful amateur. Even more crucial for the Welshman was the news that prior to the fight he had been nominated to fight for the European title and that any loss to Fry would have scuppered those plans.
European Champion.
On 13 February 2010 Cleverly took on Antonio Brancalion at Wembley Arena in a bid to gain the vacant European light-heavyweight title. The fight was won in the fifth round, the victory coming by way of knock out after two earlier knock downs in the previous round. In winning he became only the seventh Welshman to hold the British, Commonwealth and European titles. In addition to winning titles, Cleverly had during the same time period been studying for a Maths degree at Cardiff University eventually gaining a 2:2 degree. Speaking after securing his degree in May 2010 he claimed the studying and the boxing combined had taken its toll saying ""All the other students in my year have been able to concentrate full-time on getting their degrees ... But as well as crunching numbers, I've had to fight for the British, Commonwealth and European titles as well, and spend most evenings hitting the heavy bag and doing numerous press ups and sit ups.""
WBO light heavyweight champion.
On 18 September 2010 Cleverly faced the unbeaten Karo Murat at the LG Arena in Birmingham in an eliminator for the WBO light heavyweight title. Cleverly moved one step closer to a match up with reigning champion Jürgen Brähmer with a ninth round TKO to win the fight which was one of the main events on Frank Warren's 'Magnificent Seven' event. Murat, a former European champion at super middleweight, struggled to match the Welshman after an explosive start and after being rocked in the 9th, the referee decided to stop the fight prior to the commencement of the 10th. Cleverly earned the interim version of the belt on 11 December 2010 in an unimpressive contest with the Frenchman Nadjib Mohammedi at the Echo Arena in Liverpool. Winning 115–112, 116–111 and 115–113 on the scorecards despite also having a point deducted Cleverly described his opponent as "very awkward" and said "he was making me miss and dragging me in but this is the way it goes sometimes." Prior to the fight at The O2 Arena in London, Brähmer pulled out citing an eye injury received in training which had failed to heal properly. The pullout resulted in the loss of the main event for the show and speculation that Cleverly would be awarded the full WBO title by default. Brähmer's replacement was found in undefeated British fighter Tony Bellew, the current Commonwealth champion. Bellew, however, failed to make the weight and a second replacement was found in Polish veteran Aleksy Kuziemski, a man ranked at number 11 in the world by the WBO. Despite the disruption, Cleverly, who had been awarded the full title following Brähmers pullout, made a successful first defence to retain the title. The fight ended in the fourth round after a cut to the Kuziemski was deemed bad enough for the referee to stop the fight. Speaking of his achievement Cleverly said "I felt it was my destiny tonight ... Ever since I first put the gloves on when I was 11 this was the night I've been dreaming of ... Now I'll say Nathan Cleverly is the light-heavyweight champion of the world".
Title defences.
Cleverly made his first defence of his WBO title on 15 October 2011 with a hard fought majority points decision against Tony Bellew in Liverpool. The fight, at the Echo Arena, was considered to be one of Cleverly's "hardest days in the office" with one judge scoring the contest a draw. The fight had an ill-tempered build up with the two clashing during the weigh in resulting in a hostile reception for the champion against the home challenger.
Cleverly made his second defence of his WBO title returning to Wales for the first time since winning his WBO title on 25 February 2012 with a unanimous points decision against Tommy Karpency.
Cleverly made his third defence of his WBO title - his first in the USA - with an 8th-round stoppage against American Shawn Hawk in Los Angeles on 10 November 2012.
On 20 April 2013 Cleverly made his fourth defence against Robin Krasniqi winning by unanimous decision at the Wembley Arena.
He lost his fifth attempt at defence of the title against Russian Sergey Kovalev on 17 August 2013 at the Motorpoint Arena in Cardiff. The fight was stopped 29 seconds into the 4th round in Kovalev's favour. Cleverly considered retiring after the bout, but decided not to.
Move up to Cruiserweight, Cancelled Fights.
Cleverly then decided move up to the Cruiserweight division. He was expected to face Daniel Ammann for the vacant Commonwealth Cruiserweight title on 30 November 2013, but was forced to pull out due to injury.
He was then expected to challenge Ilunga Makabu for the interim WBA Cruiserweight title on 1 February 2014, but again pulled out due to injury.
Cleverly was forced to pull out of a third Cruiserweight fight, which would have taken place on 1 March 2014 at Liverpool's Aintree Racecourse, after gaining a back injury in training

</doc>
<doc id="19722519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722519" title="1997 Los Angeles Sparks season">
1997 Los Angeles Sparks season

The 1997 WNBA season was the first season for the Los Angeles Sparks. The Sparks finished in second place in the Western Division with a record of 14 wins and 14 losses. 
Regular season.
The Sparks and WNBA's first game was played on June 21, 1997 in Los Angeles. The Sparks lost to the New York Liberty, 67-57. The attendance at the Forum was 14,284. 
References.
Sparks on Basketball Reference

</doc>
<doc id="19722533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722533" title="Les Tietje">
Les Tietje

Leslie William "Toots" Tietje (September 11, 1910 in Sumner, Iowa – October 2, 1996 in Rochester, Minnesota) was a right-handed Major League Baseball starting pitcher who played from 1933 to 1938 for the Chicago White Sox and St. Louis Browns. He was tall and he weighed 178 pounds.
He broke into professional baseball in 1931, pitching for the Waterloo Hawks and going 8–13 with a 5.03 ERA. He spent 1932 with Waterloo, going 8–14, and hitting .212 with four home runs. In 1933, he spent most of the season with the Dallas Steers, going 14–10 with a 3.51 ERA. He earned a call up to the big leagues, and on September 18 he made his debut. He started three games for the White Sox that year, going 2–0 with a 2.42 ERA. As he would throughout his entire career, he walked more batters than he struck out: in 22 innings, he walked 15 batters and struck out only nine. 
According to John Carmichael, Tietje was on pace for a successful career, but he developed arthritis in his arm and would be hampered by that for the rest of his career. In 1934, for example, he was only 5–14 with a 4.81 ERA. In 176 innings, he walked 96 batters and struck out only 81. His 4.14 strikeouts per nine innings were seventh best in the league that year, and the 20 home runs he gave up were the second most. His 14 losses were ninth most.
On April 12, 1935, Tietje was scheduled to start the first Chicago White Sox versus Chicago Cubs game ever held at Wrigley Field against Lon Warneke. That game was rained out however. In the 1935 regular season, Tietje went 9–15 with a 4.30 ERA. He walked 81 batters and struck out 64. His 15 losses were third most in the league, and his six wild pitches were eighth most. He began the 1936 season with the White Sox, but after posting a 27.00 ERA in two games with them he was traded to the Browns for Sugar Cain. He made 14 appearances for the Browns, half of which he started, and went 3–5 with a 6.62 ERA for them. Overall, he went 3–5 with a 7.52 ERA, walking 35 batters and striking out only 19. He went 1–2 with a 4.20 ERA in 1937, walking 17 batters and striking out five. That season, he spent a large amount of time with the San Antonio Missions, going 14–7 with a 2.67 ERA. In 1938, his final season, he went 2–5 with a 7.55 ERA. He walked 38 batters and struck out 15.
Although he played his final big league game on September 4, 1938, he stuck around and played in the minors until 1942. Playing for the Missions in 1939, he went 14–8 with a 3.24 ERA. He went 5–7 with a 4.12 ERA for the Missions in 1940. Playing for the Waterloo Hawks in 1941, he went 9–8 with a 4.11 ERA. In 1942, his final season, he went 0–4.
Overall, Tietje went 22–41 with a 5.11 ERA in 105 games (65 starts). In 512 innings, he walked 282 batters and struck out 193. He hit .099 in 171 big league at-bats. In the minors, he went 67–64. Statistically, he is most similar to Mike Morrison, according to the Similarity Scores at Baseball-Reference.com. 
Following his death, he was interred at Maple Grove Cemetery in Kasson, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="19722534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722534" title="Age of Consent Act, 1891">
Age of Consent Act, 1891

The Age of Consent Act, 1891, also Act X of 1891, was a legislation enacted in British India on 19 March 1891 which raised the age of consent for sexual intercourse for all girls, married or unmarried, from ten to twelve years in all jurisdictions, its violation subject to criminal prosecution as rape. The act was an amendment of the Indian Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure, Section 375, 1882, ("Of Rape"), and was introduced as a bill on 9 January 1891 by Sir Andrew Scoble in the Legislative Council of the Governor-General of India in Calcutta. It was debated the same day and opposed by council member Sir Romesh Chunder Mitter (from Bengal) on the grounds that it interfered with orthodox Hindu code, but supported by council member Rao Bahadur Krishnaji Lakshman Nulkar (from Bombay) and by the President of the council, the Governor-General Lord Lansdowne. 
While an 1880 case in a Bombay high court by a child-bride, Rukhmabai, renewed discussion of such a law, the death of an eleven-year-old Bengali girl, Phulomnee, due to forceful intercourse by her 35 year old husband in 1889, necessitated intervention by the British. The act was passed in 1891. It received support from Indian reformers such as Behramji Malabari and women social organisations. The law was never seriously enforced and it is argued that the real effect of the law was reassertion of Hindu patriarchal control over domestic issues as a nationalistic cause.
Passage of legislation.
In 1880, Rukhmabai, a 22-year-old woman was taken to Bombay high court by her husband Dadaji as she refused to recognise their marriage rights. She was married as a child to him and argued that their marriage is not binding after 11 years of separate living. She eventually lost the case. This trial is believed to be one of the precursors for the passage of this legislation. The death of an 11-year-old Bengali girl Phulomnee after being brutally raped by her 35-year-old husband Hari Mohan Maitee in 1889 served as a catalyst for its legislation 
While Hindu law permitted intercourse with minors, colonial law considered sex with wives only under ten as rape. Therefore, Hari Mohan Maitee was acquitted on charges of rape, but found guilty on causing death inadvertently by a rash and negligent act.
A committee consisting of influential British and Anglo-Indian statesmen established in London had submitted recommendations to the colonial government including the change in age of consent. The law was signed on 19 March 1891 by the government of Lord Lansdowne raising the age of consent for consummation from ten to twelve years.
Support.
Behramji Malabari, a Parsi reformer and a journalist from Bombay advocated for this legislation. He published his messages in "Notes on Infant marriage and enforced widowhood" in 1884. Although a Parsi, he claimed to be as critical of Hindu customs and domestic practices as the British. 
Though women were not consulted for determining the effect of child-marriage, women in Bombay presidency including Rukhmabai and Pandita Ramabai made a cogent case for the ban on child-marriage in their magazines and social reform organisations. Anandi Gopal Joshi, a Maharashtrian woman who also happened to be the first female medical doctor in India advocated interference of the British Government in child marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19722537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722537" title="Elimination tournament">
Elimination tournament

Elimination tournament may refer to any of several types of tournament in which each player has a set number of losses before elimination from the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19722552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722552" title="Arthur Wijnans">
Arthur Wijnans

Arthur Joseph Wijnans (born 1920, Padang, Indonesia - died 1945, Neustadt in Holstein) was a Dutch chess player, study composer and member of the Dutch resistance against the Germans in World War II.
He took 3rd in Dutch Chess Championship in 1939, took 4th at Beverwijk 1940 (the 3rd Hoogovens, won by Max Euwe), won at Beverwijk 1941 (the 4th Hoogovens), and shared 2nd, after Arnold van den Hoek, at Beverwijk 1943 (the 6th Hoogovens). At the end of World War II, he and other winner at Beverwijk, van den Hoek, were transferred to Germany. Wijnans went to Neuengamme concentration camp.
He was killed during the allied bombardment of the Cap Arcona on 3 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19722553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722553" title="Yelling (disambiguation)">
Yelling (disambiguation)

Yelling is a linear village and civil parish in the district of Cambridgeshire, England.
Yelling may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722619" title="Yelling (surname)">
Yelling (surname)

Yelling is an English surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722623" title="These Foolish Things (disambiguation)">
These Foolish Things (disambiguation)

These Foolish Things may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722637" title="Uncial 098">
Uncial 098

Uncial 098 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1025 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th-century. It is also named Codex Cryptoferratensis (from the place of housing).
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Second epistle to the Corinthians 11:9-19, on one parchment leaf (22.2 cm by 16 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 24 lines per page (size of text 16.6 by 10.3 cm), in uncial letters. The initial letters are bigger. It lacks breathings and accents.
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text contains the "Iliad" (10th century).
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category I.
In 2 Corinthians 11:14 it has reading ου θαυμα as codices Sinaiticus, Vaticanus, Bezae, Augiensis, Boernerianus, Porphyrianus, Uncial 0243, Minuscule 6, 33, 81, 326, 365, 630, 1175, 1739, 1881, 2464; the majority has reading ου θαυμαστον (D2, Ψ, 0121a, Byz).
In 2 Corinthians 11:16 καγω μικρον for τι μικρον τι καγω;
In 2 Corinthians 11:17 ου κατα κυριον λαλω for ου λαλω κατα κυριον;
In 2 Corinthians 11:18 κατα σαρκα for κατα την σαρκα;
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
The manuscript was cited by Tischendorf, edited by Giuseppe Cozza-Luzi amongst other old fragments at Rome in 1867 with facsimile.
The codex is located now in the Biblioteca della Badia (Z' a' 24) in Grottaferrata.

</doc>
<doc id="19722642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722642" title="Autosport Awards">
Autosport Awards

The Autosport Awards are a series of awards given out by motor racing magazine Autosport to drivers that have impressed throughout the previous season. These awards are also influenced by the general public, as they can vote for the driver that has excelled to them throughout the year, before the awards are handed out every December. The awards have been handed out since 1982.
Categories.
There are twelve awards handed out by the magazine - eight of which are voted on, by the general public and four are chosen by the magazine and/or a handful of professionals who are there to judge a competition (McLaren Autosport BRDC Award). These are:

</doc>
<doc id="19722651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722651" title="Danevang, Texas">
Danevang, Texas

Danevang is an unincorporated area in southern Wharton County, in the U.S. state of Texas. The rural community is located south of El Campo on State Highway 71 (SH 71). The town was founded in the 1890s mostly by Danes who migrated from the American Midwest. After a period of prosperity people began moving away in the 1920s. The community's church was still open in 2013.
Geography.
Danevang is on SH 71 at County Road 424 a distance of south of El Campo and north of Midfield in Matagorda County. Near the crossroads is a US post office, several agricultural storage buildings and a number of dwellings. The Danish Heritage Museum is to the south at the junction of SH 71 and FM 441. The Danevang Lutheran Church is a short distance to the east of the museum on County Road 426. Land under agriculture surrounds the homes and other buildings at the site.
History.
Danevang was established by Danish settlers in 1895. 
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Danevang has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19722655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722655" title="1989 .05 – 500">
1989 .05 – 500

The 1989 .05 - 500 was an endurance race for Group 3A Touring Cars. The event was held at the Sandown circuit in Victoria, Australia on 10 September 1989 over 161 laps of the 3.10 km circuit, a total distance of 499 km.
The race was the last in Australia for six time "Sandown 500" winner Allan Moffat who retired at the end of 1989.
Top Ten Shootout.
The Top Ten Shootout for Pole Position was run on a wet track. As a result times were between 5 and 12 seconds slower than the drivers qualifying times.
See also.
1989 Australian Touring Car season

</doc>
<doc id="19722658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722658" title="West Virginia Blazers">
West Virginia Blazers

The West Virginia Blazers are a basketball team in the American Basketball Association that began play in 2008-09. Based in Bluefield, the Blazers play their home games at the Beckley-Raleigh County Convention Center.
Roster.
Final 2009-10 Roster
Head Coach: Tony Webster<br>
Assistant Coach: Willie Ellison<br>
Assistant Coach: Brian Kidd

</doc>
<doc id="19722662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722662" title="Japanese aircraft carrier Akitsu Maru">
Japanese aircraft carrier Akitsu Maru

Design features.
"Akitsu Maru" was a passenger liner taken over before completion by the Imperial Japanese Army. The ship was fitted with a flight deck above the hull, but had no hangar so the aircraft were stored below the flight deck on the original main deck. Conventional aircraft were able to fly off from her deck but could not land aboard due to the short deck length and lack of landing mechanisms. She could also carry 27 Daihatsu class landing craft.
"Akitsu Maru"'s planned role was to provide aircover during amphibious and landing operations; in practice the ship and her sister ship the "Nigitsu Maru" were essentially aircraft ferries.
Fate.
On Thursday 18 November 1943 "Akitsu Maru", while in company with large torpedo boat "Tomozuru", was torpedoed off the entrance to Manila Bay by the United States submarine "Crevalle" (SS-291). The "Crevalle" incorrectly reported the "Akitsu Maru" as sunk.<br> 
The "Akitsu Maru" was sunk by the submarine "Queenfish" (SS-393) on 15 November 1944. There were 2,046 men, mainly of the IJA's 64th Infantry Regiment, who were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19722663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722663" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke

The women's 100 metre backstroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which was established in 1924. The competition was held on Thursday August 9, 1928 and on Saturday August 11, 1928.
Twelve swimmers from seven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Ellen King equalized the world record with 1:22.0 minutes. In the second heat Marie Braun bettered the world record to 1:21.6 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Thursday August 9, 1928: The fastest two in each heat and the fastest third-placed from across the heats advanced to the final.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Final.
Saturday August 11, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19722664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722664" title="2001 Los Angeles Sparks season">
2001 Los Angeles Sparks season

The 2001 WNBA season was the fifth season for the Los Angeles Sparks. The Sparks won their first WNBA Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19722666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722666" title="Soleil, soleil">
Soleil, soleil

"Soleil, soleil" performed by Géraldine Olivier was the winning song in the Swiss preselection to the Eurovision Song Contest 1992. When it was disqualified, the first runner up, "Mister Music Man", was selected to represent Switzerland instead.

</doc>
<doc id="19722714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722714" title="Yeller">
Yeller

Yeller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19722720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722720" title="Cheltenham Cricket Club">
Cheltenham Cricket Club

Cheltenham Cricket Club is an English amateur cricket club based in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire first envisioned in 1891. It played its first game on June 21, 1897 against a picked XI of WG Grace. The club's first team plays in the West of England Premier League which is an accredited ECB Premier League, the highest level for recreational club cricket in England and Wales. It has also been a Ladies Hockey Club in 1899, tennis club in 1912 and training area for the armed forces during World War I. It hosted County Championship cricket matches from 1923 until 1937, and junior cricket since 1921.
Cheltenham have won the ECB National Club Cricket Championship twice, in 1970 and 1978, and been the premier league champions on one occasion, in 2004. Prior to the formation of the WEPL, Cheltenham competed in the Western League, winning that league three times in four seasons between 1989 and 1992. The club have also won the Gloucestershire County Knock-out Cup on two occasions.
During the 1920s and 30s, Cheltenham's Victoria Ground was a regular venue for first-class matches involving Gloucestershire, but since that time it has only hosted a single first-class fixture, when Gloucestershire played the Indian tourists in 1986. The ground has also hosted a NatWest Trophy match and two ICC Trophy matches.

</doc>
<doc id="19722723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722723" title="Marquette Iron Range">
Marquette Iron Range

The Marquette Iron Range is a deposit of iron ore located in Marquette County, Michigan, largely in and around the towns of Ishpeming and Negaunee. It is a smaller counterpart of Minnesota's Mesabi Range. The iron ore of the Marquette Range has been mined continuously from 1847 until the present day. Marquette Iron Range is the deposit's popular and commercial name; it is also known to geologists as the "Negaunee Iron Formation". 
History.
The Marquette Iron Range was discovered in 1844 by a party of surveyors led by William A. Burt, who found that their sensitive magnetic compasses produced skewed results because of the concentration of iron in the land they were surveying. Mining began in 1847. At first, the hematite iron ore of the Marquette Range was smelted with local charcoal into pig iron, but after the opening of the first Soo Canal in 1855 the iron ore itself began to be shipped down the Great Lakes from the newly developed port city of Marquette. 
Capitalists from Cleveland played a key role in the development of the Marquette Iron Range, and the Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company had acquired a controlling influence on the Range by 1890.
The iron range today.
As of 2009, the Cleveland-Cliffs' Empire Mine and Tilden Mine continue to produce iron ore from the Marquette Range. Cleveland-Cliffs ships the ore by a wholly owned short-line railroad, the Lake Superior and Ishpeming, to Marquette for transport by lake freighter to steel mills in the lower Great Lakes. 
The Marquette Iron Range became a Michigan registered historic site in 1957 as S-0035. The Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum in Ishpeming celerates the history of the iron ore deposit and its miners.

</doc>
<doc id="19722727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722727" title="Jersey (fabric)">
Jersey (fabric)

Jersey is a knit fabric used predominantly for clothing manufacture. It was originally made of wool, but is now made of wool, cotton, and synthetic fibres. Since medieval times Jersey, Channel Islands, where the material was first produced, had been an important exporter of knitted goods and the fabric in wool from Jersey became well known. The fabric can be a very stretchy single knitting, usually light-weight, jersey with one flat side and one piled side. When made with a lightweight yarn, this is the fabric most often used to make T-shirts. Or it can be a double knitted jersey (interlock jersey), with less stretch, that creates a heavier fabric of two single jerseys knitted together to leave the two flat sides on the outsides of the fabric, with the piles in the middle. Jersey is considered to be an excellent fabric for draped garments, such as dresses, and women's tops.
The following types of jersey can be distinguished:
History.
In 1916, Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel upset the fashion industry by using jersey at a time when it was strictly associated with underwear. 'This designer made jersey what it is today - we hope she's satisfied,' said Vogue in 1917. 'It's almost as much part of our lives as blue serge is.' 
References.
See also: Kersey (cloth)

</doc>
<doc id="19722729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722729" title="2002 Los Angeles Sparks season">
2002 Los Angeles Sparks season

The 2002 WNBA season was the sixth season for the Los Angeles Sparks. The Sparks ended the season winning the WNBA Finals for the second straight year. As of 2012, this is the last WNBA team to win back to back championships.
References.
Sparks on Basketball Reference

</doc>
<doc id="19722730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722730" title="Pantur Silaban">
Pantur Silaban

Pantur Silaban is one of the foremost physicists in Indonesia, especially in the field of theoretical physics. He is also one of the earliest physicists from ASEAN countries who studied Einstein's general relativity theories in depth.
Early life.
Born in Sumatra to Israel Silaban and Regina Lumbantoruan in Dairi village in Sumatra, Indonesia.
Silaban finished his bachelor degree in physics from Bandung Institute of Technology, Indonesia in 1966.
Career.
In 1967, he went to United States to study General Relativity theory at "Central Studies of Gravitation" at Syracuse University under direction of Peter Bergmann and Joshua N. Goldberg whom were among authoritative experts in general relativity after the inventor, Albert Einstein. Here, Pantur went furthermore studied one of the hottest topics in physics at the time which tried to unify quantum field and general relativity to find quantum gravity theory. It is one of Einstein's dream which had tried but failed to formalize the fourth interaction in the universe into one single theory called Grand Unified Theory. Pantur finished his dissertation with title "Null Tetrad, Formulation of the Equation of Motion in General Relativity" in 1971.
Having come back to Indonesia, Pantur became the first Indonesian scientist who studied Einstein's General Relativity to a doctoral level. Some of his research papers were published in General Relativity and Gravitation, the journal of the International Society on General Relativity and Gravitation.
Pantur became full professor at ITB in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19722740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722740" title="United States Senate election in Nevada, 2004">
United States Senate election in Nevada, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Harry Reid, the Senate Minority Whip, won re-election to a fourth term.

</doc>
<doc id="19722743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722743" title="John Lennox">
John Lennox

John Carson Lennox is a British mathematician, philosopher of science and Christian apologist who is Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford. He is a Fellow in Mathematics and Philosophy of Science at Green Templeton College, Oxford University. He is also Pastoral Advisor of Green Templeton College and Fellow of Wycliffe Hall. He is a leading voice explaining the relationship between science and religion.
Early life.
John Lennox was born in 1945 in Northern Ireland, where he attended The Royal School, Armagh, and went on to become Exhibitioner and Senior Scholar at Emmanuel College, Cambridge, where in 1962 he also attended the last lectures of C. S. Lewis on the poet John Donne. Lennox obtained an M.A. and PhD. degree at the University of Cambridge. He was awarded a D.Sc. degree in mathematics by the University of Cardiff for his research. Lennox furthermore holds a D.Phil. degree from the University of Oxford and an M.A. degree in bioethics at the University of Surrey.
Career.
Lennox has been part of numerous public debates defending the Christian faith, including debates with Christopher Hitchens, Michael Shermer, Richard Dawkins, Lawrence Krauss, Michael Tooley, and Peter Singer. The debate in 2007 against atheist Richard Dawkins, on the topic of Dawkins' book "The God Delusion", was broadcast to millions worldwide, and was described by the Wall Street Journal as "a revelation: in Alabama, a civil debate over God's existence".
Upon completing his doctorate, Lennox moved to Cardiff, Wales, becoming a reader in Mathematics at the University of Wales, Cardiff. During his 29 years in Cardiff he spent a year at each of the universities of Würzburg, Freiburg (as an Alexander von Humboldt Fellow) and Vienna and has lectured extensively in both Eastern and Western Europe, Russia and North America on mathematics, apologetics and the exposition of Scripture. He has published over 70 peer-reviewed articles on mathematics and co-authored two Oxford Mathematical Monographs and has worked as a translator of Russian mathematics.
Lennox also teaches science and religion in the University of Oxford. He is the author of a number of books on the relations of science, religion and ethics, the most recent of which are: "Informetika" (2001), "Hat die Wissenschaft Gott begraben?" ("Has Science Buried God?") (2002), "Worldview" (2004) with D. W. Gooding (3 volumes in Russian and Ukrainian). His most recent book is "God and Stephen Hawking: Whose Design Is It Anyway?" (2011). He has spoken in many different countries, in conferences and as an academic fellow including numerous trips to the former Soviet Union. On 14 March 2012 he presented an edition of the Lent Talks for BBC Radio Four.
Debates.
Lennox is a Christian academic and has participated in a number of public debates against individuals including Richard Dawkins, Christopher Hitchens, Lawrence Krauss and Michael Shermer.
Personal life.
Lennox speaks English, Russian, French, German and Spanish. He is married to Sally and has three children and five grandchildren. He has a brother named Gilbert Lennox, an elder in Glennabbey Church, Glengormley. The recording artist Kristyn Getty is John's niece, being Gilbert's daughter. Lennox is a devout and vocal Christian who has also taken part in many apologetic conferences and debates where he debates with other scientists concerning the existence of God and the compatibility of God with a scientific worldview. He has also lectured on the topic of doubt and the problems of evil and suffering.

</doc>
<doc id="19722767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722767" title="What Am I Gonna Do with You">
What Am I Gonna Do with You

"What Am I Gonna Do with You" is a popular song recorded by Barry White. Written and produced by White, "What Am I Gonna Do With You" was White's fifth top ten hit on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, reaching number eight and spent a week at number one on the Billboard Hot Soul Singles chart during the spring of 1975. In the UK, it peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart. It appeared on White's 1975 album, "Just Another Way to Say I Love You".

</doc>
<doc id="19722783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722783" title="Stewart Raffill">
Stewart Raffill

Stewart Raffill is a British screenwriter and film director.
Career.
Raffill's "The Philadelphia Experiment", won the "Best Film" award of the 1985 Fantafestival. "While You Were Waiting", won the Silver Award in the Short Dramatic category of the 2002 Atlantic City Film Festival. In 2009, he directed and wrote a musical called "Standing Ovation".

</doc>
<doc id="19722799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722799" title="Viktor Shamburkin">
Viktor Shamburkin

Viktor Nikolayevich Shamburkin (Виктор Николаевич Шамбуркин; born October 12, 1931 in Leningrad) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He received a gold medal in "50 m rifle 3 pos" at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="19722825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722825" title="Vladimir Pravdich-Neminsky">
Vladimir Pravdich-Neminsky

Vladimir Pravdich-Neminsky (; 2 July 1879 – 17 May 1952) was a Russian and then Soviet physiologist who published the first EEG and the evoked potential of the mammalian brain. He was a representative of the Kazan and Kiev Physiological Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19722843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722843" title="Rehabus">
Rehabus

Rehabus (復康巴士) is a paratransit service operated by the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and began service in 1978.
The service provides public transit services to people with disabilities in Hong Kong who cannot ride regular public transit. While most modes of transport in Hong Kong are accessible (excluding minibuses), Rehabus provides an easier means of getting around Hong Kong.
The service operates 54 schedule routes, 3 feeder routes and a dial-a-bus service (includes pooling services).
Easy-Access Transport Services Limited is a service commissioned (2001) to provide hospital transport for the general public by the Hospital Authority. This system uses 20 hire cars to provide transport.
Fleet.
Rehabus operates a fleet of minbuses with a ramp (located at the rear of the bus) to load passengers for transport. An auto step entrance on the side allow more able body passengers to walk onto the bus.

</doc>
<doc id="19722848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722848" title="1997 New York Liberty season">
1997 New York Liberty season

The 1997 WNBA season was the 1st season for the New York Liberty.
Regular season.
The Liberty's and WNBA's first game was played on June 21, 1997 in Los Angeles. Led by head coach Nancy Darsch, the Liberty defeated the Los Angeles Sparks, 67-57. The attendance at the Forum was 14,284. The Liberty began their existence with a three game road trip, where the Liberty went undefeated. The club came back to New York with a 3-0 record. Their first home game was played in Madison Square Garden. On June 29, 1997, in front of a crowd of 17,780, the Liberty scored their first win at home, defeating Phoenix, 65-57.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points; AVG = Average"

</doc>
<doc id="19722851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722851" title="United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 2004">
United States Senate election in New Hampshire, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in New Hampshire was held November 2, 2004. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Judd Gregg won re-election to his third term.

</doc>
<doc id="19722866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722866" title="Fair Hooker">
Fair Hooker

Fair Hooker (born May 22, 1947 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round of the 1969 NFL Draft. He played college football at Arizona State.

</doc>
<doc id="19722869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722869" title="Geoffrey Antrobus">
Geoffrey Antrobus

Geoffrey Antrobus (26 May 1904 – 26 May 1991) was a South African first class cricketer. He was born in Cape Province and died in Johannesburg. Antrobus made two first-class appearances for Cambridge University Cricket Club in 1925.
Antrobus' nephew, Edward, made two first-class appearances for Cambridge University in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="19722887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722887" title="Joshua N. Goldberg">
Joshua N. Goldberg

Joshua N. Goldberg (born May 30, 1925 in Rochester, New York) is an United States physicist in the field of relativity and emeritus professor of Physics at Syracuse University.

</doc>
<doc id="19722893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722893" title="Evan Hatch">
Evan Hatch

Evan Hatch (born June 6, 1983) is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name "The Human Nightmare" Evan Siks, who is currently wrestling in New England Championship Wrestling and the independent circuit in the Northeastern United States.
Career.
On March 4, 2005, Siks and Matt Storm defeated The Logan Brothers and won the PWF Northeast Tag Team Championship and lost the titles to Dan Frietas and Brian Nunes on July 15, 2005. He and Storm lost the titles to Pride (Brian Nunes & Dan Freitas) four months later.
On March 11, 2006, Siks defated Triplelicious to become the PWF Mayhem Heavyweight Champion, which on August 16, he defeated D.C. Dillinger to unify the championship with the NECW Heavyweight Championship to become the undisputed champion. During this time, he also defeated Kofi Kingston in his debut match. At the end of the year, Siks joined Team Nightmare (Rick Fuller, Jason Blade and Brian Fury) to defeat Team Sabotage (Kristian Frost, John Walters, Eddie Edwards & DC Dillinger) in an 8-man elimination match on December 16, 2006.
He eventually lost the title to D.C. Dillinger in Quincy, Massachusetts on February 26, 2007. On August 18, Siks pinned Rick Fuller with a quick roll-up in a falls count anywhere match at NECW's "Birthday Bash 7: Caged Fury". Moments following his victory, Siks was attacked during a postmatch interview by Michael Sane.

</doc>
<doc id="19722905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722905" title="See Clear Now">
See Clear Now

See Clear Now is the fifth studio album by UK Grime artist Wiley. The album was released on 10 November 2008. It was originally set to be released as "I See Clear" on 13 October 2008. The album features collaborations with electropop group Hot Chip, and DJ/producer Mark Ronson in "Cash in My Pocket" (contributing "a few trumpets... but it's not brass overload"). The album's first single, "Wearing My Rolex" was succeeded by the single "Summertime" on 22 September and "Cash in My Pocket".
Background.
Wiley describes "See Clear Now" as "first pop album", explaining that he wants to "push boundaries" while also "stay[ing in the charts by making tunes that connect with people. It's pop all the way from here". He explained that he had wanted to work with Lily Allen since hearing her debut album "Alright, Still", and that his collaboration with Hot Chip came about after the two acts performed a version of "Wearing My Rolex" at the 2008 Glastonbury Festival. He also expressed a desire to be "the male equivalent of Missy Elliott" in relation to blending pop appeal with musical innovation.
Wiley disowns album.
Subsequently Wiley has also disowned this album. He was "very angry" about the production on Cash in My Pocket and Summertime. He says that it is not his music and he didn't have creative control on the album, he left the studio to leave the others to work on the tracks.
He adds that people should listen to Race Against Time instead because it isn't commercial and he would have more artistic control.

</doc>
<doc id="19722933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722933" title="Clark County Fair">
Clark County Fair

The Clark County Fair is an annual ten day event held at the Clark County Event Center at the Fairgrounds in Ridgefield, Washington.
History.
Established in 1868, the first Clark County Fair was held in Esther Short Park.
The Clark County Fair is the largest single venue event in the Portland metropolitan area family entertainment market. Attracting over 260,000 attendees each year, this event has been recognized locally as the Best Outdoor Event/Festival in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19722942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722942" title="No Mercy (2004)">
No Mercy (2004)

No Mercy (2004) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and presented by THQ's WWE Day of Reckoning, which took place on October 3, 2004 at the Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the seventh annual No Mercy event, and featured eight professional wrestling matches on the event's card. The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event were planned by WWE's script writers. The event starred wrestlers from the SmackDown! brand: a storyline expansion of the promotion where employees are assigned to a wrestling brand under the WWE banner.
The main event was a Last Ride match, where the objective was to place an opponent in a hearse located on the entrance stage and drive them out of the arena. WWE Champion John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) defeated The Undertaker in this match to retain his title. Two predominant bouts were featured on the undercard; in respective singles matches, John Cena defeated Booker T to win the WWE United States Championship, and The Big Show defeated Kurt Angle.
Presented by THQ's "WWE Day of Reckoning", No Mercy grossed over $700,000 ticket sales from an attendance of 10,000, and received 240,000 pay-per-view buys. This event helped WWE increase its pay-per-view revenue by $6.2 compared to the previous year. The professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer website rated the entire event a 5 out 10 stars, describing the event as, "an absolutely terrible" pay-per-view event.
Background.
The event featured eight professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed either a villainous or fan favorite gimmick as they followed a series of events which generally built tension, leading to a wrestling match. All wrestlers were from the SmackDown! brand – a storyline division in which WWE assigned its employees to a different program, the other being Raw.
The main event featured WWE Champion John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) defending the title against The Undertaker in a match where the objective is to place an opponent in a hearse located on the entrance stage and drive them out of the arena, dubbed a Last Ride match. The buildup to the match began after SummerSlam, Smackdown's previous pay-per-view event, where JBL defeated the Undertaker in a standard wrestling match, also called a singles match, via disqualification to retain his championship. During that week on an episode of "SmackDown!", JBL wore a neck brace, to signify that he was recuperating from a chokeslam that the Undertaker gave him on top of his limo. On the August 26, 2004 episode of "SmackDown!", Orlando Jordan, one of JBL's associates, defended the WWE Championship for JBL against the Undertaker. Undertaker won the match via disqualification following interference from JBL; as a result, JBL retained the title. Two weeks later, SmackDown General Manager Theodore Long, a fictitious match maker and rules enforcer, announced that Undertaker would get another opportunity for JBL's title at No Mercy in a Last Ride match.
One of the featured matches was contested for the WWE United States Championship, in which Booker T defended the title against John Cena. At SummerSlam, Cena defeated Booker in the first series of "best of five" match. On the August 26 episode of "SmackDown!", the second match was won by Booker, to even the series one-to-one. The following night at a "SmackDown!" live event, Booker defeated Cena to win the third match. On the September 16 episode of "SmackDown!", Cena defeated Booker in the fourth match, making the series even at two wins apiece. The following week it was announced that the final series title match would be scheduled at No Mercy.
The other featured preliminary match was Kurt Angle versus The Big Show in a singles match. The buildup to the match began on September 9, 2004 during an episode of "SmackDown!", where a Lumberjack match (a standard match where non-participating wrestlers prevent contestants from fleeing the ring) was scheduled between Kurt Angle and Eddie Guerrero. The match ended in a no contest when The Big Show marked his return to SmackDown! by interfering in the match, chokeslamming both Angle and Guerrero in the process. The following week, Big Show was given two contracts to choose from; one contract to face Guerrero and one contract to face Angle. Big Show signed the contract with Guerrero's name on it. After signing it, Angle and his associate Luther Reigns, threw Guerrero out of the ring and offered Big Show a handshake. Big Show, however, tore up Guerrero's contract and signed the one with Angle's name on it to face him at No Mercy.
Event.
Before the event went live on pay-per-view, Mark Jindrak defeated Scotty 2 Hotty in a match taped for "Heat", one of WWE's secondary television programs.
Preliminary matches.
The first televised match was a standard wrestling match between Eddie Guerrero and Luther Reigns accompanied with Mark Jindrak. In the early stages both competitors took the advantage over one another. Reigns controlled most of the match, as Guerrero tried to avoid Luther's assaults. Reigns began to work on Guerrero's lower back, suplexing him down and bending him over his knee following a backbreaker. The match saw Guerrero take the advantage, as he was able to counter a swinging neckbreaker. The match concluded when Guerrero won the match by striking Reigns with a baton taken from a security guard.
The next match was for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship, in which champion Spike Dudley accompanied by The Dudleys (D-Von and Bubba Ray) defended the title against Nunzio with Johhny Stamboli. The match began with Nunzio performing a pescado, a slingshot crossbody where the wrestler goes from the inside of the ring over the top ring rope to the outside, on Spike. The match saw interference from Devon as he pushed Nunzio off the top ropes. Spike took control of the match, as he was able to slip both arms underneath Nunzio's armpits and locked his hands behind his neck and pushing Nunzio's head forward against his chest. Back and forth action saw both competitors take the advantage over one another. The match ended when Stamboli tried to prevent interference from D-Von, allowing Bubba to trip up Nunzio and crotched him on the ring post and giving Spike the win and retention of his title.
The next match that followed was between Billy Kidman and Paul London. The start of the match saw London toss Kidman out of the ring and perform a running springboard moonsault, a move in which a wrestler springboards and executes a backflip to land on the opponent, from the top ropes to the outside onto Kidman. Kidman, however, took control once back in the ring, as he performed various stiff kicks on London's midsection and focusing on his lower back. London attempted to perform a powerbomb, but was not successful in doing so as Kidman reversed it into a sitout facebuster for a near-fall. The match concluded with Kidman as he jumped forward from an elevated position and pressed his knees to execute a backflip in mid-air, and landing on London to get the pinfall victory over London.
The fourth match was for the WWE Tag Team Championship, in which champions René Duprée and Kenzo Suzuki defended the title against Rob Van Dam and Rey Mysterio. The match began with Van Dam and Duprée gaining the upper hand over each other. Duprée tagged Kenzo into the match, which led him to take offense over Van Dam. Mysterio was tagged in the match and performed a flying headbutt on Kenzo, followed by a tornado DDT onto Kenzo. Mysterio followed this by knocking Duprée off the apron and launching himself back into the ring, onto Kenzo in a seated senton, a move performed by jumping forward off a raised platform or springboarding on to the shoulders of a standing opponent forcing them to the ground. Mysterio tried to perform the 619 on Kenzo, however, Duprée stopped Mysterio from doing so. Mysterio then performed the 619 on Kenzo. As he prepared to perform the West Coast Pop, Duprée pulled Mysterio off the ropes. This led to Kenzo pinning Mysterio, as he held onto the ropes for leverage to pick up the win and retain the tag team title.
Main event matches.
The first main match was between Kurt Angle and The Big Show. A stipulation in the match was placed that anyone who tried to interfere would get fired. For the duration of the match, The Big Show, who stood at and weighed , used his body size to his advantage as he squashed, or easily and quickly performed moves on, Angle. Angle, who had enough, began to walk away from the match. Angle ran back to the ring and counted along with the referee for the 10 count. General Manager Theodore Long ordered Angle to return to the match with a no count out stipulation or else Angle would never wrestle on SmackDown! again. Angle returned to the ring, in which Big Show dominated once more, even standing on Angle. A frustrated Angle brought a steel chair, but backfired when Big Show punched the chair onto Angle’s face. As Big Show prepared to perform a chokeslam, Angle countered into an ankle lock hold. Big Show managed to get a hold of the ropes to force Angle to break the hold and he was scripted to knock the referee down. Angle began targeting Big Show's knee and even hitting his knee with the steel chair, to take advantage of the referee's state. The match ended with Big Show chokeslamming Angle from the top of the ring. During this time, the referee regained consciousness and gave Big Show the pinfall victory.
The second main match was a singles match, in which United States Champion Booker T defended the title against John Cena in the final "best of five" match. In the early stages of the match, Cena and Booker fought at ringside. During this tussle Booker pounded Cena's head into the ring steps before being reversed into them himself. The match then returned to the ring, which saw Booker and Cena getting the upper hand over one another. Cena took control as he performed several of his signature moves; he ran up from behind Booker, grabbed his head with one hand and leaped forward to drive Booker's face into the mat. He then followed with hitting a fist drop with theatrics, which Cena calls the Five Knuckle Shuffle. Cena tried to follow up with lifting Booker onto his shoulder, but Booker countered it into a Book End. Booker went for the pin on Cena, but he kicked out. Cena was able to dodge a kick to the back of the head that would force him to hit his face first into the mat, with lifting Booker over his shoulders and throwing him down to execute the FU. He pinned Booker to be declared the new United States Champion.
Another match on the undercard was a mixed tag team match between the team of the Dudley Boyz (D-Von and Bubba Ray) and Dawn Marie versus Charlie Haas, Rico Constantino, and Miss Jackie. The start of the match saw Haas get back body dropped by the Dudley's. Dawn was tagged in to the match, as was Jackie who tagged herself in, if a man tags her female partner, both men leave the ring and both women enter the match. The two women began to beat one another. Bubba Ray tagged himself in and demanded Jackie give him a kiss, and closed his eyes. Rico came in and kissed Bubba Ray, prompting Bubba Ray to run away and gag audibly. Rico wrestled against D-Von, and was in control until Bubba Ray and D-Von double teamed him. Bubba Ray called for the flying head butt to the crotch, but D-Von was hesitant in performing the move on Rico. This caused Dawn and Jackie to continue their fight, as both entered the ring. The match ended when Haas performed a flying axe handle setting up the legal tag to Rico to perform a moonsault and get the win.
The main event was the Last Ride match for the WWE Championship, in which John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL) defended the title against The Undertaker. During the beginning of the match, the Undertaker began hitting JBL in the corner, before twisting his arm around and dropping JBL's arm on the top rope. Following this, the Undertaker chokeslammed JBL in the ring, and performed a leg drop off the ring apron. Outside the ring, the Undertaker threw JBL towards the steel ring steps. The Undertaker continued to uphold the upper hand over JBL, as he began to remove the television set from the Spanish announce table, but JBL managed to hit Undertaker upside the head with the steel ring steps. JBL tried to put the Undertaker in the hearse, but the Undertaker fought back. A frustrated JBL took the Undertaker back to the ring and hit a shoulder block from the top rope. The Undertaker managed to get the upper hand once more, as he applied a triangle choke hold on JBL, leading JBL to tap out, but submissions do not count prior in this match. The Undertaker backdropped out of a piledriver attempt on the steel ring steps and grabbed JBL, turned him upside-down and dropped into a kneeling position, driving JBL's head into the steel steps, making JBL bleed from the head. Minutes later, the Undertaker chokeslammed JBL off the announce table through the Spanish table. The Undertaker carried JBL to the hearse, and Jon Heidenreich came out of the hearse. Heidenreich began to attack the Undertaker, covered his mouth with a soaked rag filled with chloroform. Heidenreich placed the Undertaker into the hearse and drove off. Inside the hearse, a camera was inside the hearse to show the Undertaker wake up and jump out and attack Heidenreich. JBL recovered, and swung his arm forward while running towards the Undertaker, a move JBL calls Clothesline from Hell, and helped Heidenreich place the Undertaker back into the hearse to be driven away. Backstage, Paul Heyman drove the hearse to the parking lot, where Heidenreich drove his car into it at high speed, causing an inexplicable explosion. As a result, JBL won the match and retained his title.
Aftermath.
Following No Mercy, the storyline between JBL and The Undertaker ended. JBL was then placed in a new angle against Booker T. On an episode of "SmackDown!", a six man tag team match involving Booker T, Rob Van Dam, and Rey Mysterio taking on JBL, Kenzo Suzuki, and René Duprée was scheduled. At the time, Booker T being a villain, congratulated JBL with the success that he has accomplished within the company in a segment backstage. The tag team match got underway, and JBL was led to believe that Booker was going to betray his tag partners, as Booker warned both Van Dam and Mysterio not to interfere with him during the match. The match concluded with Booker pinning JBL for the win, thus turning Booker into a crowd favorite. The following week on "SmackDown!", Booker defeated Orlando Jordan, JBL's associate, to earn the right to face JBL for the WWE Championship at Survivor Series. At Survivor Series, JBL defeated Booker to retain the WWE title.
On the October 21 episode of "SmackDown!", Paul Heyman requested that Theodore Long schedule a match between Heidenreich and the Undertaker at Survivor Series. Long agreed to the match, but informed Heyman that in order for the match to take place, he had to get the Undertaker to sign the contract personally. The following week, Heyman met the Undertaker at an undisclosed location where he pled his case about Heidenreich wanting to face the Undertaker in a match. The Undertaker signed the contract and warned Heyman he would defeat Heidenreich at Survivor Series. At the November event, the Undertaker was successful in defeating Heidenreich.
Following his win at No Mercy, John Cena lost the WWE United States Championship to Carlito Caribbean Cool, who debuted on SmackDown!. As part of the storyline, Carlito was given a bodyguard, Jesús, who stabbed Cena in the kidney while at a Boston-area nightclub. On the November 18 episode of "SmackDown!", Cena captured the United States Championship after defeating Carlito for it. Cena also debuted a "custom made" spinner-style title belt.
Reception.
The Continental Airlines Arena usually can accommodate 20,000, but the capacity was reduced for the event. This event grossed over $700,000 from an approximate attendance of 10,000 – the maximum allowed. It also received 240,000 pay-per-view buys. No Mercy helped WWE earn $24.7 million in revenue from pay-per-view events versus $18.5 million the previous year, which was later confirmed by Linda McMahon, the CEO of WWE, on November 23, 2004 in a quarterly result. Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section rated the event 5 out of 10. The rating was the same as the No Mercy 2005 event, which was marked as an "absolutely terrible" pay-per-view from WWE. The standard match between Billy Kidman and Paul London was rated a 7 out of 10. Additionally, the matches of Eddie Guerrero versus Luther Reigns, Spike Dudley versus Nunzio, Booker T versus John Cena, and the Last Ride match were all rated a 4 out of 10.
The event was released on DVD on November 9, 2004. The DVD was distributed by the label, Sony Music Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="19722944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722944" title="David Hurn (musician)">
David Hurn (musician)

David Hurn is a British singer-songwriter.
Originally from Cornwall, Hurn came to London in the 1990s to write and play music. He worked with a variety of groups and projects including the art-rock band Ever-Opening Flower'
Hurn's musical interest began drifting away from rock towards acoustic playing, and in 1998 he decided to go solo. His debut solo release was "Sick Of Hate", a 7" single on Day Release Records in 1999. Hurn promoted the release with a number of live shows in the UK, and two performances at the Koch and Kiesler gallery in Berlin.
Hurn released two vocal albums on Fire Records - "He Was A Woman" (2002) and "The Beautiful Trustful Future" (2008).
Also released were the following singles and EPs: "No Love" (2002); "I'm Spending Christmas With Jesus This Year" (2005 - described by the "Western Mail" newspaper as "probably the most tragic Christmas song ever produced"); "How I Came To Hate My Saviour" (2006) and "The Man Who Stayed In Bed Forever" (2007). 
Although not a lover of live performance, Hurn was personally invited to open shows for, among others, Mark Eitzel and British Sea Power 
Hurn has also contributed music to "Chamber Music" (Fire Records' James Joyce tribute album), featuring 36 different artists including Sonic Youth, Ed Harcourt, Peter Buck, and many more.(released 2008)
In February 2010 Trace Recordings released 'Black Flowers', a collection of Hurn's instrumental works from 1997-98.
Hurn also runs a side band with guitarist James O'Sullivan called Four Seasons Television. This project attempts to explore the relationship between improvisation and composition, combining various experimental musicians with song forms.
In July 2013 a new instrumental E.P. titled 'The Glaze' was made available as a digital download via Bancamp.
Hurn is currently collaborating with poet and singer Ingrid Chavez as well as working on solo material

</doc>
<doc id="19722954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722954" title="Pirate and Traveler">
Pirate and Traveler

Pirate and Traveler is a board game published by Milton Bradley in 1911. Revised editions were published in 1936, 1953, 1956, 1960, and 1970. Details of the game board, travel cards, spinner, pawns and box art varied between edition years. The game is no longer in production and is now considered a vintage collectible board game. 
The manufacturer's suggested number of players is 2 to 4, and is suggested for ages 7 and up. Playing time average is 60 minutes. Within a general descriptive category of board games, Pirate and Traveler is a "geography, pirate, adventure" game.
Game play involves drawing a travel card which dictates the journeys that are to be made by the travelers. The distance to be traveled in each move is determined by spinning a numbered wheel. Player moves his colored game piece, termed a "traveler", the corresponding number of spaces on the game board until he reaches his destination. The routes of travel were based on well-known railroad and steamship lines, and major cities and ports throughout the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19722958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722958" title="John Antrobus (cricketer)">
John Antrobus (cricketer)

John Antrobus (1806 – 26 July 1878) was an English clergyman and cricketer who played for Cambridge University in 1826. 
Antrobus was born in Acton, the son of Rev. William Antrobus, rector of Acton. He was educated at Eton where he played twice in the Eton-Harrow match, and then went to St John's College, Cambridge. He was also renowned as the 'Champion Skater' of his day.
Antrobus made two first-class appearances, separated by six years. His first match, in 1826, was for Cambridge University against Cambridge Town Club. Batting as an opener, Antrobus had an indifferent debut match, scoring six runs in the first innings as batting partner Charles Chapman scored 47 not out, carrying his bat throughout the order, as only one more batsman made a double-figures total.
Antrobus' second and final first-class fixture came in 1832 in a match for Lord Strathavon's XI against Sir St Vincent Cotton's XI, in which he scored a duck in the first innings and was absent hurt in the second.
Antrobus was ordained deacon (London) on 25 May 1834 and priest on 14 June 1835. He was curate to his father at St Andrew Undershaft, London, from 1841 to 1853. He was a Minor Canon of Westminster from 1856 to 1878 and Chaplain-in-Ordinary to the Queen from 1869 to 1878. 
Antrobus died in Westminster aged 72.

</doc>
<doc id="19722960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722960" title="Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov">
Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov

Anatoli Ivanovich Bogdanov (; born January 1, 1931, died September 30. 2001) was a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion.
He was born in Leningrad.
He received a gold medal in "300 m rifle 3 pos" at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, as his teammate Lev Vainshtein won the bronze medal. 
He received a gold medal in "50 m rifle 3 pos" at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. 
He died on 30 September 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19722974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722974" title="Scribner House (Cornwall, New York)">
Scribner House (Cornwall, New York)

The Scribner House is located on Roe Avenue in Cornwall, New York, United States. It was built in 1910 as the main house for the summer estate of New York City publishing executive Charles Scribner II, one of Charles Scribner's Sons.
It combines Colonial Revival interiors with a Shingle style exterior, including some hints of the Arts and Crafts Movement. After the Scribners sold the estate, most of the land was sold and this is all that remains. In 1996 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Building.
The house is located near the front of a 10-acre (4 ha) lot along a residential section of Roe Avenue opposite Woodside Lane, just outside the Cornwall-on-Hudson village line. Large evergreen trees shield most of it from public view and provide shade.
It is a two-and-a-half-story frame building with a gambrel roof shingled in wood. It is similarly sided. A large stone central chimney is complemented by a smaller brick one at the northeast corner.
Two pavilions project from the main block, separated by a gable-roofed dormer and a pent-roofed dormer on the second story. The south side has a one-and-a-half-story gambrel-roofed wing, and there is a two-story gabled wing on the east side. A one-story hip-roofed porch is located on the north, and the east wing has a one-story addition that extends around its southern and eastern sides.
The main entrance, on the west, is a centrally-located recessed wooden double door with a molded wooden surround and sidelights. Atop it are patterned glass transoms. It opens onto a porch with a stone foundation and steps. Its flat roof is supported by two round Doric columns. A wooden balustrade runs along the top of the porch.
Inside, the house retains much original finishing. There is oak woodwork, including architraves and wainscoting on the walls and ceilings. The main staircase has an intricate newel at its base trimmed in garlands and a Doric balustrade at the landing. Also in the house are brick fireplace mantels, a wood-burning stove and the original light fixtures.
Aesthetics.
The large scale of the house and its siting, with views available of the Hudson River and nearby Highlands, is a distinctive feature of country estate houses such as the one the Scribner estate originally was. Its more detailed landscaping distinguishes it from the country houses of earlier periods in Cornwall.
The architecture combines a Shingle-style exterior treatment with a Colonial Revival interior. The former is most visible on the outside not only in the choice of siding but features such as the projecting dormers, strips of windows, and recessed entrance.
The exterior also shows the influence of the contemporary "Parks" period of the Arts and Crafts Movement. Houses of the "Parks" period, many of which were built in the Adirondack and Catskill parks elsewhere in New York in the early 20th century. It focused on the relation of people in the house to their surroundings, particularly the natural environment. Features of the Scribner House that reflect that period are the large window areas and interior spaces, meant to integrate outside and inside, and the use of natural motifs such as leaves and flowers in the wood detailing and stained glass in the house.
Most of the interior trim reflects the Colonial Revival movement, also current at the time of construction. Its most notable features in the house are the woodwork: the oak staircase, landing, wainscoting and corner fireplaces.
History.
The Scribners built the house in 1910, at a time when Cornwall was still the popular summer destination it had become late in the previous century. Originally it was part of a much larger estate in a park-like setting outside the village of Cornwall-on-Hudson, where most other resort housing was. Mead and Taft, a local firm also responsible for other summer houses in Cornwall like Cherry Croft, was the architect.
In the 1950s, the original large veranda along the second story was removed, leaving only the current section atop the porch. This is the only significant change that has been made to the house during its entire existence. Scribners' heirs sold the property in the 1960s, and the estate was gradually subdivided until only the current ten acres were left.

</doc>
<doc id="19722989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19722989" title="Scribner House">
Scribner House

Scribner House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19723002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723002" title="Greg Jefferson">
Greg Jefferson

Greg Jefferson (born August 31, 1971 in Orlando, Florida) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the third round of the 1995 NFL Draft. He played college football at Central Florida. He is now currently a 10th grade history teacher and football coach at Cypress Creek High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19723010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723010" title="Adolphe Muzito">
Adolphe Muzito

Adolphe Muzito (born 1957?) was Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 2008 to 2012. Muzito, a member of the Unified Lumumbist Party (PALU), was Minister of the Budget under Prime Minister Antoine Gizenga from 2007 to 2008.
Hailing from Gungu, Kwilu District, Muzito is an economist. In the government that was appointed on 5 February 2007, Muzito was included as Minister of the Budget. After Gizenga, the leader of PALU, resigned as Prime Minister on 25 September 2008 for reasons related to age and health, Muzito was appointed as successor by President Joseph Kabila on 10 October 2008.
Muzito's government was appointed on 26 October 2008. Aside from Muzito himself, it included 53 members: three deputy prime ministers, 36 ministers, and 14 deputy ministers. The government was dominated by members of the People's Party for Reconstruction and Democracy, and Kabila described it as "combat team to which has been assigned the essential missions of security and reconstruction".
KINSHASA, 6 March (Xinhua) – Adolphe Muzito, prime minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo), has rendered resignation to President Joseph Kabila.
See also.
KINSHASA, 6 March (Xinhua) – Adolphe Muzito, prime minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo), has rendered resignation to President Joseph Kabila.

</doc>
<doc id="19723043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723043" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 200 metre breaststroke

The women's 200 metre breaststroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the second appearance of the event, which was established in 1924. The competition was held from Tuesday August 7, 1928 to Thursday August 9, 1928.
Twenty-one swimmers from twelve nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
In the first heat Hilde Schrader set a new Olympic record with 3:11.6 minutes. In the second semi-final she equalized the standing world record with 3:11.2 minutes.
Results.
Heats.
Tuesday August 7, 1928: The fastest three in each heat advanced.
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals.
Wednesday August 8, 1928: The fastest three in each semi-final advanced.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final.
Thursday August 9, 1928:

</doc>
<doc id="19723049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723049" title="United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2004">
United States Senate election in North Carolina, 2004

The 2004 United States Senate election in North Carolina was held on November 2, 2004. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator John Edwards decided to retire from the Senate, ran unsuccessfully for the 2004 Democratic Party presidential nomination, and became his party's vice presidential nominee. Republican Richard Burr won the open seat.
Primaries.
Democratic.
Erskine Bowles won the Democratic Party's nomination unopposed. He had been the party's nominee for the state's other Senate seat in 2002.
General election.
Campaign.
Both major-party candidates engaged in negative campaign tactics, with Bowles' campaign attacking Burr for special interest donations and his positions on trade legislation, and Burr's campaign attacking Bowles for his connections to the Clinton administration. Both attacks had basis in reality: Burr's campaign raised funds from numerous political action committees and at least 72 of the 100 largest Fortune 500 companies, while Bowles departed from the Clinton administration in the midst of the Monica Lewinsky scandal. 
Burr won the election by 4%. He joined the Senate in January 2005. Bowles went on to become the president of the UNC system.

</doc>
<doc id="19723050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723050" title="Delicate AWOL">
Delicate AWOL

Delicate AWOL were a British experimental rock band active between 1998 and 2005. The band were notable for their cross-pollination of various musical forms (including indie rock, art-rock, post-rock, jazz, Latin and out-rock), for their links with British post-rock band Rothko, for their activities in promoting the London underground music scene of the early 2000s, and for establishing the brief-lived but well-regarded indie record label Day Release. Members of the band later went on to avant-folk duo Tells and the later Rothko line-up.
Sound and influences.
Between the formation and demise of the band, Delicate AWOL’s sound underwent an extensive transformation. Originally favouring a harsh, guitar-orientated urban indie sound, the band passed through a more ethereal art-rock mid-period and ultimately arrived at a more groove-orientated, jazz-influenced sound incorporating electronica, elements of Brazilian music and electric-period Miles Davis. At various times, the band cited influences including Mogwai, Cocteau Twins, Low, art rock from 1990s Chicago (such as Tortoise and The For Carnation) and Montreal (Godspeed You! Black Emperor) and 1970s Britain (King Crimson). Reviewers sometimes compared them to the bands Stereolab, Bardo Pond, Movietone, Pram, Tarwater and Parlour.
Early years.
Caroline Ross had been an early ‘90s London indie scenester, occasionally playing guitar or bass in various bands. At some point in the late ‘90s she teamed up with artist and occasional musician Jim Version. The duo’s first band was called Ripley, soon to be renamed Vaughan. By 1998, after line-up changes, this had metamorphosed into Delicate AWOL. Centred around Ross (vocals, guitar, flute) and Version (guitar), Delicate AWOL would undergo a few more personnel changes before arriving at their definitive line-up. 
Ensconcing themselves in Toby Robinson’s Moat Studios in Stockwell, the band began to work on refining their sound. In 1999, Ross and Version set up the Day Release record label to release their own future recordings and those of others. (Releases on the label eventually included material by Robinson’s Krautrock project The Nazgul, singer songwriter David Hurn, Godspeed You! Black Emperor spinoff Trois Pistoles, The Monsoon Bassoon, and many others).
In mid-1999, Delicate AWOL released their debut EP "Random Blinking Lights". At this stage, the band was still very much in their indie rock stage, with an abrasive edge, relatively simple rhythms, Version playing heavy distorted guitar and Ross singing in an incantatory tone reminiscent of Patti Smith. The band had also developed an all-instrumental alter ego called Forty Shades Of Black, under which name they released a simultaneous single called "Belisha" (displaying a taste for experiments with pace, rhythm and texture). Despite Ross and Version’s initial plans for an instrumental Forty Shades Of Black album, the Forty Shades Of Black project was soon reabsorbed into Delicate AWOL to expand the band’s working methods. 
A tour of England and Scotland to promote the new releases ended in near-disaster when the band’s rhythm section mutinied mid-tour. Delicate AWOL completed their tour obligations at King Tut's, Glasgow, as a two-piece of Ross and Version, but met with such a positive audience reception that the split ultimately strengthened their working relationship. Returning to London, Delicate AWOL began recording their debut album (to be titled "Our Genome") as a duo.
A stable line-up.
Michael Donnelly (bass) and Tom Page (drums) were recruited into the band via an advertisement in 'Loot'. Ross and Version became so enthused with their new bandmates’ contributions that they scrapped the original version of "Our Genome" altogether and began rewriting and recording the album from scratch. (Some tracks from the original "Our Genome" - which had an almost entirely different tracklisting from the album eventually released under that name - surfaced later as EP tracks, and a few complete copies of the album are in private hands).
Delicate AWOL released the "Hurray for Sugar" single in the summer of 2000 - a delicate, whispering song which clearly indicating that the band had moved on from their more abrasive beginnings. At around this time, the band expanded their sound by adding Tom Page’s brother Ben (percussion, keyboards) to the line-up, and Ross began to add more instruments to her live armoury (including ocarina, melodica and assorted small percussion instruments). The band’s next release was part of the Day Release "Four Seasons Singles Club", a series of releases each of which featured three EPs from three different artists. Delicate AWOL (along with Rothko and Jamie Owen) contributed to the "Autumn" issue (three tracks). Some of the pieces were the band’s most extended and experimental to date.
In November, the band performed at the fourth Terrastock festival in Seattle, Washington State, USA.
Mid-period.
"Our Genome" was finally released by Day Release Records in the spring of 2001. It displayed a much-evolved band sound – more cohesive and dynamic, and considerably quieter, with added instrumentation (including horns) on several tracks. It featured none of the early singles and no previously released tracks, demonstrating the band’s intention to continue moving. The band were now heading in a post-rock direction, with Ross’ vocals assuming more of an ensemble/instrumental quality and various experiments with textures.
By this time, Delicate AWOL had also established themselves as a significant band within the London math rock scene, sharing stages and audiences with bands such as The Monsoon Bassoon, Rothko, The Shrubbies (featuring future North Sea Radio Orchestra members), Geiger Counter, Billy Mahonie and others. For a while, they also ran their own club night, "Everywhere Is Mouse", in the basement of Helter Skelter music bookstore in Denmark Street. The event attracted performers including The Monsoon Bassoon, Stewart Lee and Al Murray (performing as part of a band), Keith Burstein and others.
Adding trumpeter Jo Wright (later known as Jo Downs) to the line-up, Delicate AWOL toured America during the summer and returned to play the fifth Terrastock festival (this time in Boston) in October. The "Driesh" EP, released in autumn 2001 (with the band’s elegiac set-closer "Dust" as the lead track) ended the band’s middle period. One track - the instrumental "Evergreen China Prairie Tribunal" - pointed the way forward towards the next phase.
The groove period.
As a live act, the band were now becoming more and more influenced by the lighter and more fluid rhythms of jazz, with the rhythm section now embracing spacious groove and Latin-inspired rhythms, Wright improvising complex trumpet lines and Ben Page playing analogue-style synthesizers as much as percussion. Although Version’s overdriven guitar maintained a link to the band’s art-rock past, Ross was now a committed multi-instrumentalist with a vocal style that had begun to incorporate folk, Latin and swing stylings. 
In 2002, the band signed a deal with the revived indie label Fire Records and wound up Day Release Records in order to concentrate on band work (David Hurn also made the crossing from Day Release to Fire). The band’s second album, "Heart Drops From The Great Space" was released on Fire Records the same year and was accompanied by the 12-inch vinyl EP"Time And Motion Studies Deep Underground". Both clearly demonstrated the evolution of the live band.
The entire band cemented their links with Rothko by providing most of the instrumentation on the 2004 Rothko album "A Continual Search for Origins" (the first Rothko album following the dissolution of the original three-bass Rothko lineup).
Relocation and split.
In 2003, Delicate AWOL (minus Wright, although she maintained a connection with the band) had relocated from London to Huntly, Aberdeenshire, Scotland. This was apparently an attempt to escape urban pressures, to liberate their musical creativity and to get more involved in community activity and the band’s other love (visual art). In fact, the move led to the slow dissolving of the band. Donnelly, who’d been reluctant to leave London, soon returned to the capital and joined Rothko full-time. He was replaced for a while by the Aberdeen-based Philip Johnston (bass, flute, saxophone). In 2005 the Page brothers also left the band and returned to London - they would eventually join Donnelly in Rothko. 
Ross and Version continued to make music together. A late version of Delicate AWOL is listed as having performed at the Tunnels club in Aberdeen on April 10, 2005, with a line-up cited as Ross, Version, Neil Scollay (drums), Danny Ashton (guitar), Kate Mutsaers and Martha Buckingham (vocals) The same lineup (plus Marian Nagahiro) performed at Forgue Kirk near Huntly on April 30, 2005. However, Ross and Version began to find that their new compositions were unsuited to the restrictions of a settled band. The demise of Delicate AWOL was never formally announced, but Ross and Version quietly put the band to rest in order to reform as avant-folk/experimental duo Tells. The projected third Delicate AWOL album - entitled "Hope Your Wounds Heal" - eventually materialised in 2006 as the first Tells album.
Related projects.
Another Rothko/Delicate AWOL connection occurred in 2005 when Ross worked with Rothko leader Mark Beazley on the album "A Place Between" (credited to Rothko/Caroline Ross). Ross also recorded two tracks for Susuma Yokota's "Distant Sounds of Summer" album.
In 2009, Caroline Ross joined the live lineup of Brighton band Woodpecker Wooliams, singing and playing "flute, glock, omnichord, cheese-grater etc."

</doc>
<doc id="19723082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723082" title="Robert Antrobus">
Robert Antrobus

Robert Crawfurd Antrobus (21 March 1830 – 12 February 1911) was an English businessman, politician and cricketer. He was born in London and died in Westminster.
Antrobus was the third son of Sir Edmund Antrobus, 2nd Baronet and Anne Lindsay. 
He was a prominent businessman in the City of London and held directorships in the Economic Life Assurance Company, the Bibi-Eybat Petroleum Company, the Schibaieff Petroleum Company and the Thames and Mersey Marine Insurance Company. 
Antrobus made two first-class cricket appearances, sixteen years apart from each other. His first appearance came at the age of just 20 years old for Gentlemen of England, in 1850, batting in the tailend against Gentlemen of Kent. Antrobus hit his first-class best score of 12 in his debut innings, and 3* in the second innings of his debut. Moving slightly further up the order for his second and final first-class match, he played for I Zingari, against a team which included, amongst others, EM and WG Grace.
He married Emily Blackburne in 1873, with whom he had three children; Sybil Mary, Sir Phillip Humphrey, 6th Baronet, and Margaret Freda Evelyn.
In 1889 he was elected unopposed to the London County Council to represent St George Hanover Square. He was re-elected in 1892 and 1895. In 1898 he became an alderman, remaining on the council until 1904. He also held the position of Justice of the Peace in both London and Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="19723083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723083" title="Jorge Barraza">
Jorge Barraza

Jorge Barraza is an Argentine journalist and chief editor of the CONMEBOL magazine. He has written a series of books on the matter of South American football.[http://www.elpais.com.co/paisonline/deportes2003/notas/Abril272008/d1.html]

</doc>
<doc id="19723092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723092" title="Vasily Borisov">
Vasily Borisov

Vasily Borisov (; born December 12, 1922) is a former Soviet sport shooter and Olympic champion. He received a gold medal in "300 m rifle 9 pos" at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="19723101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723101" title="2004 New York Liberty season">
2004 New York Liberty season

The 2004 WNBA season was the 8th season for the New York Liberty.
Dispersal Draft.
Based on the Liberty's 2003 record, they would pick 4th in the Cleveland Rockers dispersal draft. The Liberty picked Ann Wauters.
Regular season.
Heading into its eighth WNBA season, the club acquired veteran Ann Wauters in the dispersal draft and Shameka Christon in the college draft. The Liberty opened the season with a 6-1 record. Despite the strong start, Pat Coyle replaced Richie Adubato as head coach. Under Coyle’s guidance, the team registered an 11-6 mark and secured their sixth playoff appearance.
There were injuries to starters Ann Wauters and Tari Phillips. The Liberty played to a sellout crowd for six games at the historic Radio City Music Hall. At Radio City Music Hall, the Liberty posted a 5-1 record. The reason for the relocation was that Madison Square Garden was hosting the 2004 Republican National Convention. In addition, the Liberty hosted another unique game: The Game at Radio City, which featured the USA Women’s Olympic team vs. a WNBA Select Team.
Player stats.
"Note: GP= Games played; REB= Rebounds; AST= Assists; STL = Steals; BLK = Blocks; PTS = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="19723117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723117" title="West Virginia Outlaws">
West Virginia Outlaws

The West Virginia Outlaws are a basketball team in the American Basketball Association set to begin play in 2008-09. Based in the capital city of Charleston, the Outlaws will play their home games at the South Charleston Community Center.
Current roster.
'Final 2008-09 Roster'
Head Coach: Thomas Jones<br>
Assistant Coach: Elliott Belcher

</doc>
<doc id="19723120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723120" title="István Réti">
István Réti

István Réti (26 December 1872 – 17 January 1945) was a Hungarian painter, professor, art historian and leading member, as well as a founder and theoretician, of the Nagybánya artists' colony, located in what is present-day Baia Mare, Romania. In addition, he served as president of the Hungarian University of Fine Arts (1927-1931) and (1932-1935).
The artists' colony and its school were considered very influential in Hungarian and Romanian art; in 1966 the Hungarian National Gallery had a major exhibition of their work: "The Art of Nagybánya. Centennial Exhibition in Celebration of the Artists' Colony in Nagybánya."
Early life and education.
István Réti was born in Nagybánya (since 1918 known as Baia Mare, Romania). In 1890 at the age of 18, he began his studies at the Budapest School of Drawing in 1890 but left after a month. 
In 1891 he went to Munich, where he studied with Simon Hollósy, a young Hungarian painter who had established free classes, as he objected to the technical training at the more conservative Munich Academy. Réti met other young artists here who became part of his circle when they returned to Hungary. Later Réti also studied in Paris at the Académie Julian, to which many other painters were attracted from Hungary.
Career.
Returning to Nagybánya, Réti painted his first significant work, "Bohémek karácsonyestje idegenben" (Christmas Night of the Bohemians Abroad) (1893). This nostalgic lamplit interior, typical of the period, was exhibited at the Palace of Art in Budapest and purchased by the state. 
In 1894 Réti travelled to Turin, Italy. There he painted "Kossuth Lajos a ravatalon" ("Lajos Kossuth on His Bier"); the revolutionary had just died there. Réti was attracted by the work of Jules Bastien-Lepage. During an 1895 trip to Paris, he learned about the work of Pierre Puvis de Chavannes.
Together with János Thorma, Réti helped persuade Hollósy to move his school from Munich to Nagybánya. In 1896 Réti was one of the founders of the artists' colony there. Starting in 1902, he served as a professor at its free painting academy, and in 1911 he was one of the founders of the Nagybánya Painters' Association. 
Although Réti moved to Budapest in 1913 to teach at what is now the University of Fine Arts, he continued making improvements to the Nagybánya school during the summers. He taught summer classes there through 1927. 
From 1920 Réti worked to reform the University of Fine Arts according to Nagybánya principles, together with Károly Lyka. He served as its president from 1927-1931 and from 1932-1935. He retired in 1938. 
Réti spent the last decade of his life writing a history of the Nagybánya artists' colony. He died in Budapest.
Artistic work.
In his first phase as a painter, Réti was chiefly interested in light and interiors, especially lamps or sunlight streaming through windows, as shown in "Gyötrődés" (Cacophony), 1894; "Öregasszonyok" (Old Women, 1900); and "Kenyérszelés" (Slicing the Bread, 1906). 
He did not adopt the "plein air" landscape painting programme at Nagybánya. In 1899 he produced one of his best-known canvases, "Honvédtemetés" (Burial of a Hungarian Soldier), which referred to the 1848 revolution; the unity of the landscape and people is bound together by the grey of the dusk. 
From 1904–07 (the last two years working in Rome), Réti painted several versions of "Krisztus apostolok között" (Christ with the Apostles), his most significant religious work. After 1910 he created several decorative paintings, such as "Cigánylány" (The Gypsy Girl, 1912), and many portraits and self-portraits, including one of Lajos Kossuth in 1931. 
In his later years, Réti worked relatively slowly, taking long breaks between paintings and undertaking theoretical preparation for each new one. His oeuvre from this period is considered inconsistent. As he concentrated on teaching, his works diminished in both quality and quantity. 
From an early age, Réti was preoccupied by contemporary questions of artistic theory, which he also tried to explore as a professor. After 1920, particularly, he wrote more articles on these subjects. Scholars consider his writings on aesthetics, influenced by Benedetto Croce and Henri Bergson, to have had a more profound effect on other artists than did his painting or teaching activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19723140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723140" title="Deadly Awards 2008">
Deadly Awards 2008

The Deadlys recognise achievement by Indigenous Australians in music, sport, the arts and in community service. First held in 1995, in 2008 the ceremony was hosted by Luke Carroll at the Sydney Opera House on 9 October 2008 and was broadcast on the Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) and National Indigenous Television Service (NITV) on 12 October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19723166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723166" title="Robert Austin (explorer)">
Robert Austin (explorer)

Robert Austin (1825–1905) led the Austin expedition of 1854, one of the first European inland explanations of Western Australia with Kenneth Brown. They explored Geraldton, Mount Magnet, and the Murchison River area.

</doc>
<doc id="19723170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723170" title="St. Mark's Baptist Church (Highland Falls, New York)">
St. Mark's Baptist Church (Highland Falls, New York)

St. Mark's Baptist Church, formerly known as Methodist Episcopal Church of Highland Falls, is a historic Baptist church located in the village of Highland Falls, Orange County, New York. It was completed in 1900 and is a modestly scaled, one-story frame building on a limestone ashlar foundation. It features a corner steeple with buttressed corners, open belfry, and windows in the Gothic Revival style.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19723181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723181" title="Omar Anwar">
Omar Anwar

Omar Anwar (born July 1, 1983) was an English cricketer who played for Oxford UCCE. He was born in Harrow.
He made his first appearance for the team against Middesex in 2003, scoring 99 in his first innings, which would remain his first-class best for the entirety of his career. He made two further first-class appearances during 2003, and two appearances for Middlesex Second XI at the end of the University year.
Anwar continued to appear for Oxford University throughout 2004 and 2005, playing for Stanmore in the Cockspur Cup for the first time in 2005. Anwar moved to Stanmore on a permanent basis in 2006 - and still makes occasional appearances for the team as of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19723208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723208" title="Steve Towle">
Steve Towle

Stephen Richards "Steve" Towle (born October 23, 1953 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the 6th round of the 1975 NFL Draft. He played college football at Kansas.
Professional career.
Towle was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the 6th round of the 1975 NFL Draft. He holds the Dolphins record for a tackles in a season with 217 in 1976 and was the teams MVP during that season.

</doc>
<doc id="19723227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723227" title="Chilostoma cingulatum">
Chilostoma cingulatum

Chilostoma cingulatum is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the true snails. 
Habitat.
The species is found only on limestone rocks.
Life cycle.
The diameter of the egg of this species is 3.3 mm.
These snails create and use love darts during mating.

</doc>
<doc id="19723271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723271" title="Intef">
Intef

Intef (also Antef, Inyotef and Anyotef) was a common ancient Egyptian name, normally transliterated as "jnj-jt(=f)" and translated: "His father brought him".

</doc>
<doc id="19723280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723280" title="Grace Kosaka">
Grace Kosaka

Grace Kosaka is a film producer, writer, and actress. Her feature film, Nexus (film), a thriller directed by Neil Coombs, was released in the US April 1, 2011, DVD release August 9, 2011.
Grace began her artistic career in dance then moved into acting where she worked in commercials and independent film. 
In 2002 Grace and creative partner Neil Coombs founded the independent film production company Caged Angel Films. The company’s mandate is to produce feature films with a unique balance of commercial viability and artistic integrity. As resident producer, Grace has made it a focus to incorporate racial diversity in a manner that reflects the increasingly multicultural nature of North American society.

</doc>
<doc id="19723298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723298" title="Rolf Biland">
Rolf Biland

Rolf Biland (born 1 April 1951) is a Swiss former sidecar racer. He is known not only for his seven FIM Sidecar World Championships and 80 Grand Prix wins, but for his experimentation and innovation with new types of machine, like the Seymaz, the BEO and the LCR. His success was not limited to Grand Prix tracks, as he finished second at the Isle of Man Sidecar TT at his first attempt.
Biland retired from sidecar competition and became team manager for the Muz 500 team in 1999 and renamed it Team Biland GP1. The team had some success but failed to secure a sponsor and folded at the end of that year.
Biland now runs Karting events in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="19723300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723300" title="Augustine Nketia">
Augustine Nketia

Augustine K. ("Gus") Nketia (born 30 December 1970 in Kumasi, Ghana) is a former track and field competitor, specialising in sprinting events, who represented both his home country and New Zealand.
He represented Ghana until 1991 including the 1990 Commonwealth Games. He competed for New Zealand at the 1994 Commonwealth Games and the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He currently holds the New Zealand national record of 10.11 over 100 metres, and won five national titles over the distance.

</doc>
<doc id="19723305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723305" title="TPTP">
TPTP

TPTP is an abbreviation and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19723344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723344" title="1939 Giro d'Italia">
1939 Giro d'Italia

The 1939 Giro d'Italia was the 27th edition of the Giro d'Italia, a cycling race organized and sponsored by the newspaper "La Gazzetta dello Sport". The race began on 28 April in Milan with a stage that stretched to Turin, finishing back in Milan on 18 May after a split stage and total total distance covered of . The race was won by the Italian rider Giovanni Valetti of the Fréjus team, with fellow Italians Gino Bartali and Mario Vicini coming in second and third respectively.
Valetti had the lead halfway the race. Bartali then took over the lead in the mountains, but Valetti took it back in the penultimate stage. Bartali attacked on the last stage, but Valetti stayed in his wake and managed to win the race.
Final standings.
General classification.
There were 54 cyclists who had completed all seventeen stages. For these cyclists, the times they had needed in each stage was added up for the general classification. The cyclist with the least accumulated time was the winner.
Mountains classification.
In the mountains classification, the Giro organizers selected different mountains that the route crossed and awarded points to the riders who crossed them first. 

</doc>
<doc id="19723388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723388" title="Mademoiselle de Scuderi">
Mademoiselle de Scuderi

E. T. A. Hoffmann's novella, Mademoiselle de Scudéri. "A Tale from the Times of Louis XIV" ["Das Fräulein von Scuderi". "Erzählung aus dem Zeitalter Ludwig des Vierzehnten"], was first published in 1819 in "Yearbook for 1820. Dedicated to Love and Friendship" ["Taschenbuch für das Jahr 1820". "Der Liebe und Freundschaft gewidmet"]. It later was included in the third volume of the four-volume collection of novellas and fairytales that was published between 1819 and 1821 under the title "The Serapion Brethren" ["Die Serapionsbrüder"]. The 1819 edition was an immediate commercial and critical success and led to Hoffmann's becoming a popular and well-paid author (Feldges & Stadler 1986, 153). The novella still is widely regarded as one of Hoffmann's best, not only because of its exciting, suspenseful plot and interesting descriptions of life, places, and people in late 17th-century Paris but also because of the many different levels of interpretation that it allows (Feldges & Stadler 1986, 158-167; Kaiser 1988, 75).
Plot summary.
The action takes place in Paris during the reign of King Louis XIV of France. The city is under siege by what is presumed to be an organized band of thieves whose members rob citizens of costly jewelry in their homes or on the street. Some of the street victims are simply rendered unconscious by a blow to the head, but most are killed instantly by a deliberate dagger thrust to the heart. The murder victims are mostly wealthy lovers who are on their way to meet their mistresses with gifts of fine jewelry.
These are not the only terrible crimes plaguing Paris (a series of bizarre poisonings is described in detail), and to combat them the King establishes a special court, the Chambre ardente, whose sole purpose is to investigate them and punish their perpetrators. The president of the Chambre, La Régnie (probably based on Gabriel Nicolas de la Reynie), however, is consistently thwarted in his attempts to stop the evildoing, and in his blind zeal and frustration he is seduced to commit acts of terror and brutality. Because of his failures and cruelty, he quickly earns the hatred of those he was appointed to protect.
In a poem exalting the King, the lovers of Paris exhort him to do something for their safety. Mademoiselle de Scudéri (the historical Madeleine de Scudéry), who is present when this appeal is presented, counters jokingly with the following verse:
Un amant, qui craint les voleurs,
N'est point digne d'amour.
[A lover who is afraid of thieves
Is not worthy of love.]
The elderly de Scudéri is a well-known poetess who lives in a modest house in Paris on the rue Saint Honoré by the grace of King Louis and his lover, the Marquise de Maintenon (the historical Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon). One night, a young man bangs on the door of de Scudéri's house and pleads urgently with her maid to be granted entrance. The maid finally lets him in but denies him access to her mistress, whose life she fears is in danger. The young man eventually flees at the sound of the approach of the mounted police, but leaves behind, a small jewelry box, which he begs the maid to deliver to the Mademoiselle. The next morning, de Scudéri opens the box and finds exquisite jewelry and a note in which the band of jewel thieves thanks her for her support in the form of the verse quoted above.
Mademoiselle de Scudéri is distraught by the contents of the jewelry box and seeks the advice of her friend de Maintenon. The Marquise immediately recognizes the jewelry as the work of the goldsmith René Cardillac. Cardillac is known not only in Paris but around the world as the best artist in his field. He is also famous, however, for a strange attribute: he creates the most beautiful pieces of jewelry but then does not want to part with them. Only after much delay does he finally deliver a piece to the customer who commissioned it, and then only under (sometimes violent) protest.
Several months later, Mademoiselle de Scudéri is riding in a glass coach over the Pont Neuf when a young man forces his way through the crowd and throws a letter into the coach. The letter adjures the Mademoiselle to find whatever pretense necessary but to return the jewelry to Cardillac at once. If she does not, the letter warns, her life is in danger. She is overcome by feelings that she is surrounded by "strange events and dark mysteries" but decides to heed the letter writer's appeal.
Two days later, she travels to the goldsmith's house, only to arrive just as his corpse is being carried away. Cardillac has been murdered, and Olivier Brusson, Cardillac's assistant, has been arrested for the crime. Cardillac's daughter Madelon, who is betrothed to Olivier, protests his innocence. Because of Madelon's suffering and utter despair, Mademoiselle de Scudéri takes pity on her and takes her to her house to look after her.
Touched by and believing Madelon's avowals of Olivier's innocence, the Mademoiselle tries to intercede on his behalf with La Régnie. He receives her graciously but is unmoved and presents her with circumstantial evidence that in his view proves that Olivier is the murderer. The Mademoiselle hears the evidence but cannot convince herself of the young man's guilt. La Régnie grants her permission to speak with Olivier, but when she meets him in prison she recognizes the young man who had thrown the warning letter into her coach and falls to the ground unconscious. She now is uncertain of Olivier's innocence and is torn inwardly. She curses the destiny that had made her believe in truth and virtue but now has destroyed the beautiful image she had made for her life.
In the hope that Olivier will confess, Desgrais, de Scudéri's friend and an officer in the mounted police, offers to arrange for a meeting with Olivier in her house. The mademoiselle is filled with foreboding but nevertheless decides to obey the higher powers that had marked her for the solution of some terrible mystery. Olivier is brought to her house, and while guards wait outside he falls on his knees and tells her his story:
Olivier tells the mademoiselle that he is the son of the impoverished young woman, Anne, whom de Scudéri had lovingly raised as her own daughter and from whom she has not heard since she married an industrious and skilled young watchmaker who took her and Olivier to Geneva to seek their fortune. Because of the jealousy of others in his profession, Olivier relates, his father was not able to establish himself in Geneva, and both he and his wife later died there in poverty. Olivier, who had apprenticed himself to a goldsmith, eventually became so skilled in his profession that he was hired as an assistant by René Cardillac in Paris.
All went well, Olivier tells the Mademoiselle, until Cardillac threw him out of the house because he and Cardillac's daughter, Madelon, had fallen in love. In his desperation and longing, Olivier went one night to Cardillac's house in the hope of catching a glimpse of his beloved. Instead, he saw Cardillac slip out of the house through a secret entrance and not far away attack and kill a man by thrusting a dagger into his heart. Cardillac, who knows that Olivier has seen the murder, invites him to return to his workshop and offers him his daughter in marriage. Olivier's silence had been bought, he confesses to de Scudéri, but he relates how from then on he lived with intense pangs of guilt.
One evening, Olivier tells de Scudéri, Cardillac told Olivier his own story. (The plot here becomes a story within a story within a story.) Cardillac tells Olivier how an experience involving a sumptuous diamond necklace (the necklace was worn by a Spanish actor with whom she later had an adulterous affair) that his mother had while she was pregnant with him had marked him for life with a love of fine jewelry. This love caused him to steal jewelry as a child and later led him to become a goldsmith. An "inborn drive," Cardillac told Olivier, forced him to create his renowned works but led him also again and again to take them back from his customers in thefts that often involved murder. Olivier tells de Scudéri that Cardillac stored the retrieved pieces, which were labeled with the names of their rightful owners, in a secret, locked chamber in his house.
Eventually, Olivier informs the mademoiselle, Cardillac decided to give Mademoiselle de Scudéri some of his best work in thanks for the verse that she had quoted to the King in response to the appeal from the threatened lovers. He asked Olivier to present the gift, and Olivier saw in the request a chance to re-establish contact with the woman who had loved and cared for him when he was a child and to reveal to her his unfortunate situation. He was able to deliver the jewel box but was not able to meet with the Mademoiselle.
Some time later, Cardillac again was overcome by his evil star, and it is clear to Olivier that he wanted to retrieve by force the jewelry that he had given to the Mademoiselle. To prevent this, Olivier relates, he threw the letter into de Scudéri's coach, imploring her to return the jewelry as soon as possible. Two days later, because he was afraid that his master was about to attack Mademoiselle de Scudéri, Olivier secretly followed him when he left the house under cover of darkness. Instead of the mademoiselle, Cardillac attacked an officer, who stabbed Cardillac with his dagger and then fled. Olivier brought Cardillac and the murder weapon back to his house, where the master died of his injuries. Olivier was arrested and charged with the murder. His intention, he states, is to die for the murder if he must in order to spare his beloved Madelon the sorrow of learning the truth about her father. With this, Olivier ends his story and is returned to prison. Because he continues to refuse to confess, an order for his torture is issued.
Mademoiselle de Scudéri makes a number of attempts to save Olivier, including writing a letter to La Régnie, but she is unsuccessful. She even wants to plead his case before the King himself, but a famous lawyer by the name of d'Andilly, whom she has consulted, convinces her that at this stage in his case this would not be in the young man's best interest.
Unexpectedly, an officer in the King's Guard by the name of Miossens visits her and reveals that he is the person who, in self-defense, stabbed and killed Cardillac. The astonished Mademoiselle says to him "And you have said nothing? You have not made a statement to the authorities regarding what happened?" Miossens defends himself by stating "Allow me to remark that such a statement, even if it did not cause my ruin, would at least involve me in a most loathsome trial. Would La Régnie, who scents crime everywhere, immediately believe me if I accused the honest Cardillac, the very embodiment of complete piety and virtue, of attempted murderer?" Miossens refuses to consider Olivier innocent, accusing him instead of being Cardillac's accomplice.
Under a pledge of secrecy, Miossens repeats his testimony to d'Andilly, and with this information the lawyer is able to have Olivier's torture postponed. Subsequently, de Scudéri is successful in getting the King to review the case once again. After a month of uncertainty, he reveals to the Mademoiselle that Olivier has been freed, that he will be allowed to marry his beloved Madelon, and that he will receive 1,000 louis d'or as a dowery under the condition that they leave Paris. Olivier and Madelon move to Geneva, where they live happily. The jewelry stolen by Cardillac is returned to the rightful owners who still are living. The rest becomes the property of the Church of St. Eustace.
Origins.
Hoffmann got the idea for his tale from the seventh chapter of Wagenseil's chronicle of the city of Nuremberg titled "Johann Christof Wagenseil's Book on the Gracious Art of the Meistersingers" ["Johann Christof Wagenseils Buch von der Meister-Singer Holdseligen Kunst"]. This report attributes to Mademoiselle de Scudéri the two-line stanza quoted above:
A lover who is afraid of thieves 
Is not worthy of love.
Using Wagenseil's brief account as a starting point, Hoffmann did extensive research to ensure that his depictions of Paris at the time of Louis XIV would be accurate in the minutest detail. A short letter from the author dated March 28, 1818, to a lending librarian in Berlin requests works that likely provided him with historical material for his novella: Friedrich Lorenz Meyers's "Letters from the Capital and from within France under the Consular Government" ["Briefe aus der Hauptstadt und dem Innern Frankreichs unter der Consular-Regierung"] (Tübingen, 1802), Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann's "Paris as It Was and as It Is" ["Paris wie es war und wie es ist] (Leipzig, 1805), and a translation of Voltaire's "Times of Louis XIV" ["Siècle de Louis XIV"] (Dresden, 1778) (Feldges & Stadler, 1986, 158). It seems certain also that Hoffmann also referred to Friedrich Schulzen's "Of Paris and the Parisians" ["Über Paris und die Pariser"] (Berlin, 1791).
The realism created by Hoffmann's thorough descriptions of historical events, persons, and places helps ensure the believability of the plot and the characters of the story. With the exception of the Mademoiselle, the King, and the Marquise de Maintenon, however, the characters of the novella appear to be Hoffmann's inventions. It is possible that the Cardillac character was inspired by an autobiographical account by the Italian goldsmith and sculptor Benvenuto Cellini, where he writes of the cold-hearted way in which he contemplated and carried out murders during his time in Paris: 
"When certain decisions of the court were sent me by those lawyers, and I perceived that my cause had been unjustly lost, I had recourse to a great dagger I carried. [...] The first man I attacked was a plaintiff who had sued me; one evening I wounded him [...] so severely that I deprived him of the use of both his legs."
Hoffmann knew of this account from Goethe's translation of Cellini's "Vita" (1558) (Kaiser 1988, 76).
It is likely that Hoffmann drew on Chapter 1 of Wagenseil's chronicle for the characteristics that he ascribes to the heroine of the title. Wagenseil reports that he "had the honor of visiting Mademoiselle Magdalena de Scudery, a woman from a most distinguished noble family and world famous for her virtue, great intelligence, and multilingualism." Kent and Knight (1972, 173) write that
For his description of Olivier's legal proceedings, the jurist Hoffmann also drew on his extensive knowledge of and experience with the law. A colleague wrote that Hoffman's professional activities were without fault, but also commented that
"Only in a few areas of his criminal work could it ever be said that he allowed himself to be led down a false path, e.g., in cases in which proof of guilt rested on artificially intertwined pieces of evidence or on the assessment of dubious frames of mind. In these areas he occasionally fell into constellations that reflected more his ingenuity and fantasy than a process of calm deliberation. [...] His presentations of the facts, however, were always impeccable and of a precision that cannot be praised enough." (Schweizer ca. 1896, 231-232).
Perhaps it was Hoffmann's tendency to lean towards the ingenious and fantastic, even in his professional life, that allowed him to write the intriguing psychological tale of crime that is Mademoiselle de Scudéri.
Plot analysis.
For many reasons, "Mademoiselle de Scudéri" is considered one of Hoffmann's greatest novellas, not the least of which is its splendid and exciting plot. From the midnight knock on the door of the Mademoiselle's house at the beginning of the story until the final resolution of the crimes and the exoneration of Olivier, the reader is held in eerie suspense.
In his introduction to one of the earliest complete editions of Hoffmann's works, Ellinger (1925, 33-34) presents a cogent analysis of the plot of "Mademoiselle de Scudéri":
"first goal was to remove Wagenseil's report from the realm of the anecdotal. The unusual step taken by the lovers of Paris to appeal directly to the King for protection had to be motivated by an ominous supernatural force, i.e., something that lay completely outside the sphere of ordinary events. While Hoffmann was engaged in this train of thought, the personage of René Cardillac appeared to him. The powerful impression that this character creates can be attributed, in part, to qualities that reflect basic elements of the author's soul: firstly, Cardillac is the artist who can never satisfy himself; secondly, he is both guilty and innocent, his fate having been sealed even before he was born by the unholy demon that drives him from one crime to another. [...]
"Equal to the powerful impression made by the character René Cardillac is that created by the compelling structure of Hoffmann's story. He has Cardillac appear only once in living form; most of the novella takes place after his death. The plot is carried forth by completely different characters, primarily the betrothed couple Olivier and Madelon. The reader's involvement turns around the question of whether Olivier will be successful in proving his innocence in Cardillac's murder. Even though the author uses his story-telling ability to awaken the reader's interest in these characters and that of Mademoiselle de Scudéri, which now stand in the forefront, the overall impression retained by the reader is determined for the most part by [. . .] the shadow cast by the terrible personage and the cruel fate of René Cardillac. It is precisely before this dark background that the purely human, endearing qualities represented by Mademoiselle de Scudéri and the young couple are made to stand out."
"Mademoiselle de Scudéri" is less dreamlike and surreal in its construction than most of Hoffmann's other stories. The plot generally is carried forward by sharp, realistic descriptions of people and events rather than by the seemingly irrational occurrences generally associated with Hoffmann's writing in particular and Romanticism in general. Against this realism, however, the relationship between Olivier and Madelon seems stylized and idealistic. This aspect of the plot of the story is certainly its most romantic in the sense of the 19th-century literary movement. For Hoffmann (perhaps the arch romantic of German literature), it may have been impossible to write about love in any other way.
Interpretations.
As Kaiser (1988, 75) has pointed out,
"In its apparent simplicity, ["Mademoiselle de Scudéri"] contradistinguishes itself from those works in which Hoffmann himself was able to view the pinnacle of his aesthetic achievement ("The Golden Pot" ["Der goldne Topf"] and "Tomcat Murr" ["Kater Murr"], for example). Nevertheless, the various interpretations that the story has inspired--as deserving of criticism as each may be in and of itself--have shown that, beneath the surface of a tightly organized text, the novella is truly a multilayered work."
Some of these interpretations are reviewed below.
"Mademoiselle de Scudéri" as crime fiction.
The most frequently encountered interpretation of Hoffmann's novella holds that it is an early example of crime fiction, perhaps the earliest in German literature (Kaiser 1988, 75-76). Crime fiction generally is divided into two main categories: the detective story and the crime story. In the detective story, as defined by "The Oxford Companion to English Literature" (Drabble 1985, 269), "a crime (generally, though not necessarily, a murder) is committed [...]; the puzzle of the criminal's identity is finally solved through a process of investigation, observation, and deduction by an expert detective. In a crime story, the criminal's identity is known from the start, and the interest lies in observing his psychology and his attempts to escape justice [...]" .
Alewyn (1974, 353) argues that, with "Mademoiselle de Scudéri", Hoffmann created not only the first German detective story but the first detective study in any language (it appeared before Poe's "The Murders in the Rue Morgue" (1841). He writes that
"In this story we find, in addition to several subordinate motifs, the three elements that constitute a detective novel: first, the murder, actually, a series of murders, takes place at the beginning and is resolved at the end; second, there is the innocent suspect and the unsuspected guilty party; and third, the detection, not by the police but by an outsider, an elderly poetess."
Although on first reading Alwyn's thesis seems plausible, Conrad (1974, 109) convincingly argues that it is weak. If Madmoiselle de Scudéri is a detective, she is an inept one. Her attempts at solving the mystery by deduction fail. It is not expert detective work but the confession of Miossens that eventually reveals to the authorities that it was Cardillac who committed the many murders and jewelry thefts in Paris. de Scudéri is helpful in freeing the innocent Olivier because of her humanity, nobility of character, sympathy, and access to the king, not because of an ability to investigate, reason, and draw conclusions from evidence.
A case can be made that "Mademoiselle de Scudéri" is an example of crime fiction as defined above, but this thesis also is weak (Segebrecht 2001, 1515). The story does briefly deal with the psychology of the criminal (revealed in Olivier's back-story), but Cardillac's pathology plays only a minor role in the plot. Furthermore, the criminal is not known from the beginning. In fact, at least a third of the novella takes place after his death. The reader's interest centers around the question of whether Olivier will be exonerated and reunited with his fiancée, not around whether the murderer or murderers of so many Parisians will be discovered and brought to justice.
Sociopolitical interpretations.
As Miossens's behavior clearly indicates, the Chambre ardente hinders rather than facilitates the solving of the mysterious series of crimes that is plaguing Paris. Indeed, La Régnie and his henchmen spread as much terror among the citizenry as does the criminal who strikes under the cover of night and leaves no trace of himself. At first, the seemingly airtight case that the Chambre has built against Olivier, which includes a suspicion of Madelon's complicity, convinces even Mademoiselle de Scudéri and the skeptical lawyer d'Andilly of the young man's guilt in Cardillac's murder. As the reader knows, of course, the case is completely groundless. It is only de Scudéri's sensitivity and inner voice that lead her eventually to believe once again in Olivier's innocence. The positive outcome of the story results almost solely from her alliance and friendship with the King.
This aspect of Hoffmann's novella has been interpreted as a sharp critique of the legal institutions of France during the reign of Louis XIV and, by extension, of the reforms of the Prussian legal system of his own time (Ellis 1969, 349; Post 1976, 145; Reinert 1973, 46). These reforms (and their accompanying police practices) had as their goal the abolition of the absolute right of the monarch to rule as he sees fit in all legal matters. Before the reforms, the king stood completely above and outside the law (Conrad 1974, 111). This interpretation sees Hoffmann as legitimatizing to some extent (using the Ancien Régime as an allegory) a system of absolute rather than constitutional monarchy. Hoffmann appears to favor a legal system based not on pure rationality but one that relies on a humanism that is based on intuition and empathy.
Psychological interpretations.
From a psychological standpoint, Cardillac seems much more interesting than de Scudéri. Perhaps this is why Hindemith named his opera (1926) and Reitz his film (1968) "Cardillac" rather than "Mademoiselle de Scudéri."
Dissociation
Tölle (1997, A-1870) contends that "Mademoiselle de Scudéri" contains the earliest description of a double life in the sense of the abnormal psychological phenomenon known as dissociation (segregation of a group of mental processes from the rest of a person's usually integrated functions of consciousness, memory, perception, and motor behavior). This, the researcher points out, is by no means the same thing as the disorder commonly known as a "split personality." Goldsmith Cardillac is one of the most respected citizens of Paris but at the same time a serial killer. Tölle finds it remarkable that Hoffmann had no model for this dissociative behavior and concludes that it must have been of his own invention. As he notes, what the author described can often be observed in ordinary life: for example, lady during the day, prostitute at night; husband during the day, criminal at night; loving father on the one hand and despotic boss on the other (or the reverse).
Cardillac syndrome
Since the appearance of Hoffmann's "Mademoiselle de Scudéri", German psychologists have used the term "Cardillac syndrome" to refer to the pathologic difficulty or inability of an artist to separate himself from his works. In order to live from their creative efforts, artists must be able to separate themselves from their works. Often, however, this is extremely difficult for them, probably because their works represent part of their identity. They deal with this problem by various means, including keeping meticulous lists of those who have acquired their works and ensuring in contracts that they may buy their works back at any time. The Austrian abstract artist Arnulf Rainer, for example, has insisted on retaining the right at any time to seek out a work that he had sold in order to alter it (http://de.wikepedia.org/wiki/Das_Fr%C3%A4ulein_von_Scuderi). Rembrandt is known for having bought back a number of his works, which some see (cynically?) as a ploy to bid up their prices. Psychologists, on the other hand, tend to see Rembrandt's practice as a manifestation of the Cardillac syndrome (http://www.jf-de/archiv00/350yy40.htm).
The artist as prostitute
Safranski (2007, 423) points out that the artist Cardillac finds it impossible to see his works, in which he has invested everything that he loves and everything that he is capable of, in the hands of strangers who have no other use for them than to indulge their vanity, satisfy their love of glitter, and further their amorous adventures. Ritter Gluck, in Hoffmann's work by the same name, states that "... art prostitutes itself when it sells itself." Through Gluck and Cardillac, Hoffmann seems to be saying that there is a dramatic gap between what art means to the artist and what it means to the general public. In the biblical sense, the artist who sells his art "casts pearls before swine."
Religious interpretation.
Himmel (1976, 219) sees de Scudéri as the person who Cardillac hopes will counteract the evil star that rules his life. He has chosen her rather than the Virgin Mary to be his savior. He points out that one of the items Cardillac offers the mademoiselle in his first attempt to give her jewelry is a beautiful diamond crown that he had intended for the Holy Virgin in the Church of Saint Eustace. Himmel notes that Eustace (Placidus), is said to have been an avid hunter until he was ordered by a stag bearing a cross between its horns to give up hunting. In this interpretation, Cardillac hopes that the virtuous de Scudéri could free him from his drive to hunt humans. The mademoiselle, however, is incapable of replacing either Mary or the Saint as the rescuer of the sacrilegious goldsmith.
References.
Alewyn R. "Ursprung des Detektivromans". In: "R'A': Probleme und
Gestalten. Essays". Frankfurt/M, 1974, pp. 341-360.
Conrad H. "Die literarische Angst. Das Schreckliche in Schauerromantik und Detektivgeschichte". "Literature in der Gesellschaft", Vol. 21, 1974, pp. 105-113.
Drabble M., editor. "The Oxford Companion to English Literature", Fifth Edition. Oxford, Oxford University Press, 1985. ISBN 0-19-866130-4
Ellinger G., editor. "E.T.A. Hoffmanns Werke", Vol. 5, Berlin and Leipzig, Deutsches Verlagshaus Bong & Co., 1925.
Ellis, J.M. "E.T.A. Hoffmans" Das Fräulein von Scuderi. "The Modern Language Review", Vol. 64, 1969, pp. 340-350.
Feldges B. & Stadler U., editors. "E.T.A. Hoffmann: Epoche-Werk-Wirkung", Munich: Beck'sche Elementarbücher, 1986. ISBN 3-406-31241-1
Himmel H. "Schuld und Sühne der Scuderi". In: Prang H, editor. "E.T.A. Hoffmann". "Wege der Forschung", 1976, Vol. 486, pp. 215-236.
Kent L.J. & Knight E.C., editors and translators. "E.T.A. Hoffmann". Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1972. ISBN 0-226-34789-3
Metzler J.B., editor. "E.T.A. Hoffmann" ("Sammlung Metzler", Vol. 243). Stuttgart: J.B. Metzlersche Verlagsbuchhandlung, 1988. ISBN 3-476-10243-2
Post K.D. "Kriminalgeschichte als Heilsgeschichte. Zu E.T.A. Hoffmanns Erzählung Das Fräulein von Scuderi". "Zeitschrift für deutsche Philologie", Vol. 96, 1976, pp 132–156.
Reinert C. "Das Unheimliche und die Detektivliteratur. Entwurf einer poetologischen Theorie über Entstehung, Entfaltung und Problematik der Detektivliteratur". "Abhandlungen zur Kunst-, Musik- und Literaturwissenschaft", Vol. 139, 1973.
Safranski R. "E.T.A. Hoffmann. Das Leben eines skeptischen Phantasten." Frankfurt am Main, Fischer Taschenbuch Verlag, 2007. ISBN 978-3-596-14301-6
Schweizer V., editor. "Hoffmans Werke", Vol. 2. Leipzig and Vienna, ca. 1896. http://www.romantik.litera-tor.com/texte/hoff_scuderi01.html
Segebrecht W., editor. "E.T.A. Hoffmann. Sämtliche Werke", Vol. 4. Frankfurt am Main: Deutscher Klassiker Verlag, 2001. ISBN 3-618-60880-2
Tölle R. "Persönlichkeitsvervielfältigung? Die sogenannte multiple Persönlichkeit oder dissoziative Identitätsstörung". "Deutsches Ärzteblatt", Vol. 94, 1997, pp. A-1868, B-1575, and C1471.

</doc>
<doc id="19723435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723435" title="Arthur Appleby">
Arthur Appleby

Arthur Appleby (22 July 1843 – 24 October 1902) was an English first-class cricketer. A left arm round arm medium pace bowler and left-handed batsman, he played 58 matches for Lancashire as an amateur between 1866 and 1887 and in 81 first-class matches in total. He also appeared for Marylebone Cricket Club (1874), the Gentlemen (1867–1887), North of England (1869–1873), Gentlemen of the North (1870–1879), Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club (1873), Gentlemen of England (1874–1878), and RA FitzGerald's XI (1872) and in the Gentlemen to Canada Touring Team (1873). 
Bowling was his strongest suit, with 9 for 25 against Sussex being his best innings analysis. He took 5 wickets in an innings on 24 occasions and ten wickets in a match 3 times. He never made a first class century, falling just one run short against Yorkshire in a Roses Match.
He was born at Enfield, Clayton-le-Moors, Lancashire, on 22 July 1843, the son of mill owner Joseph Appleby. Educated at Grange School, Thorp Arch, near Tadcaster he began his playing days at Enfield Cricket Club where he was coached by John Berry and W. H. Iddison. He played in 58 matches for Lancashire between 1866 and 1887 and in 81 first-class matches in total. 
In later life he assumed control of the family firm and, amongst other directorships, sat on the board of the Leeds & Liverpool Canal. He was an Alderman of the Lancashire County Council and Chairman of the County Bench, sitting at Church. He died at Mill House, Enfield, Clayton-le-Moors, Lancashire, on 24 October 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="19723456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723456" title="Eitan Ben Eliyahu">
Eitan Ben Eliyahu

Aluf Eitan Ben Eliyahu (born 1944) is a retired Major General in the Israel Defense Forces and was the Commander of the Israeli Air Force (IAF).
Early life and military career.
Eliyahu's father was born in Khorramshahr, Iran, and in 1922 immigrated to British-mandated Palestine; Eliyahu himself was born in Jerusalem in 1944. During the 1973 Yom Kippur War Eliyahu shot down two Egyptian fighters as he led of a squadron of F-4 Phantoms, and in 1981 he flew as fighter escort during Operation Opera, which resulted in the destruction of Iraq's Osirak nuclear reactor. Eliyahu served as commander of an F-15 squadron, a base commander, head of the Operational Requirements Division, and in 1987 was appointed Head of Operations for the IAF. On July 1, 1996 Eliyahu was promoted to Commander of the IAF. Over the course of his tenure Eliyahu focused on extending the range of IAF operations, especially with regard to Iran. As such, Eliyahu ordered 25 F-15I fighters, which had a longer range than Israel's previously purchased F-15s. Eliyahu stepped down as IAF commander on April 4, 2000.
Post-military activities.
Since leaving active duty, Eliyahu founded and serves as CEO of the Sentry Technology Group, and was the president of East West Ventures Ltd. from 2000 to 2002. He serves as the Board Chairman of the Koret Foundation's Israel Economic Development Fund and the Co-Chair of the Israel National Museum of Science. Eliyahu is also on the boards of Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Zionism 2000, the Israel Democracy Institute, and the Rabin Research Center.
Education.
Eliyahu studied at Bar Ilan University, where he received a B.A. in economics and business administration. He also earned an M.A. from Tel Aviv University in strategy and international relations and completed Harvard's Advanced Management Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19723493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723493" title="Kuzuryūko Station">
Kuzuryūko Station


</doc>
<doc id="19723531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723531" title="Echizen-Shimoyama Station">
Echizen-Shimoyama Station


</doc>
<doc id="19723550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723550" title="Young Hearts">
Young Hearts

Young Hearts is a compilation album by the Steve Miller Band released in September 2003 by Capitol Records. It is the first single-disc career-spanning compilation for the band, including material from their earliest days through their latest (at the time) album.

</doc>
<doc id="19723560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723560" title="Kadohara Station">
Kadohara Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19723574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723574" title="Place Versailles">
Place Versailles

Place Versailles is a super regional mall located at the corner of Sherbrooke Street East and Highway 25 in the Mercier–Hochelaga-Maisonneuve borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. At more than with 225 stores, it is the largest shopping centre on the island of Montreal. Its anchors are Maxi, Winners/HomeSense, Bureau en Gros and Target. Major tenants include Fabricville and Rainbow women clothing
Restaurants at this mall are Subway, McDonald's, Dunkin' Donuts, Thaï Express, Place Tevere and many others.
Most of the mall is one storey high, but a section of the mall, which was added in the 1980s, has two floors. Place Versailles is situated next to the Radisson metro station and is less than 2 km south of the Galeries d'Anjou mall.
History.
Place Versailles began in 1963 with Steinberg, Miracle Mart and some 30 small stores. The mall was originally known as Place Métropolitaine in its first months but was renamed Place Versailles by 1964.
Place Versailles was the first indoor shopping mall in Montreal (as opposed to a strip mall). Today, the original section of Place Versailles roughly corresponds to the corridor extending from Zellers to Maxi.
Place Versailles went through several expansions throughout its history. Just in the 1960s decade, the mall has expanded twice. By the end of the 1960s, Place Versailles had a Pascal hardware store. In 1973, the Hudson's Bay Company opened a la Baie department store which was the first la Baie store on the island of Montreal that hadn't previously been a Morgan's store.
From 1973 to 1986, Place Versailles was anchored by la Baie, Miracle Mart, Steinberg and Pascal. In 1986, Miracle Mart was rebranded under the M brand name. In the late 1980s, Place Versailles expanded again and a new section was built with two floors, instead of one floor as in the rest of the mall. This new section eventually included a new Famous Players cinemas.
On May 16, 1991, the Pascal hardware chain went bankrupt and Rona - Le Quincailler, a SAQ store, and Fabricville took its place not long after. Other small tenants also took the former space of Pascal. In 1992, Steinberg was converted to Maxi and the M store closed down two months later; Zellers shortly replaced the M store.
From 1992 to 2003, it was anchored by la Baie, Zellers, Maxi, Rona- Le Quincailler and Famous Players movie theater.
Decrease in sales, coupled with the presence of a larger store in nearby Galeries d'Anjou, resulted in the Hudson's Bay Company closing its la Baie store at Place Versailles in 2003. La Baie's space has since been dismantled by Winners/Homesense, Globo, Style Exchange, Safari, Sports Experts, Dollarama, McDonald's, and Librairie Raffin. 
Rona closed in 2005 and Bureau en Gros took its space a year later. 
Famous Players closed
Zellers closed its doors in 2012 and was replaced by Target in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19723590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723590" title="Coral Way">
Coral Way

Coral Way is a neighborhood within Miami, Florida that is defined by Coral Way, a road established by Coral Gables founder George E. Merrick during the 1920s. It is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States.
The Coral Way neighborhood is served by the Miami Metrorail at Vizcaya (South Dixie Highway/US 1 and West First Avenue) and Coconut Grove stations (US 1 and West 27th Avenue/SR 9).
History.
The Architecture in the Coral Way neighborhoods reflects the early-20th Century. Some of the oldest sections contain a mixture of Mission Revival Style architecture and Bungalow homes of the 1920s, along with the Art Deco style from the 1930s and the modest post-World War II dwellings.
The Coral Way area is best known for its historic urban boulevard along SW 22nd Street (Coral Way). One of the main thoroughfares between Coral Gables and the City of Miami, Coral Way passes through the City of Miami between SW 37th Avenue and Brickell Avenue. The Coral Way Corridor began in 1922 with citrus lined streets; later growing to have streetcar tracks down the center of the road, connecting Downtown Miami to Coral Gables. In 1929, a Roadside Beautification Program was started, and 1200 Banyan trees were planted along the median of the boulevard. Today, Coral Way remains one of the most beautiful corridors in South Florida.
Geography.
The sub-neighborhoods within Coral Way include: Shenandoah, Silver Bluff, Vizcaya-Roads, Coral Gate, Parkdale-Lyndale, South Miami, Bryan Park, and Golden Pines.
Coral Gate.
Coral Gate is a smaller sub-neighborhood within the larger Coral Way neighborhood. It is roughly located south of SW 8th Street, east of SW 37th Avenue, north of Coral Way and SW 22nd Avenue. The eastern side of Coral Gate is sometimes also called "Bryan Park". Coral Gate borders Coral Gables to the west and Silver Bluff to the south.
Golden Pines.
Golden Pines is a smaller sub-neighborhood within the larger Coral Way neighborhood. It is located east of City of Coral Gables, Florida, bounded by SW 22 St (north), South Dixie Highway. (south), 27 Ave (east) and 37 Ave (west). It is located at , with an elevation .
http://www.GoldenPinesOnLine.com
Shenandoah.
Shenandoah is an important neighborhood in Miami, boasting a large number of houses from the 1920s and 1930s and rich in revivalist Architecture . It is located directly south of Little Havana, between SW 9th (north) Street and Coral Way (south), SW 27th Avenue (west) and SW 12th Avenue (east). It is located at , with an elevation .
Silver Bluff.
Silver Bluff Estates is a smaller sub-neighborhood within the larger Coral Way neighborhood. It is located just south of Coral Way (SW 22nd Street), west of SW 17th Avenue, east of SW 27th Avenue and north of South Dixie Highway. Much of this territory was the "City of Silver Bluff", which was annexed into the City of Miami in 1926. It is located at , with an elevation .
Demographics.
As of 2000, Coral Way had a population of 55,951 and 69,041 residents, with 21,363 households, and 14,105 families residing in the city. The median household income was $37,168.89. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 81.10% Hispanic or Latino of any race, 0.41% Black or African American, 17.28% White (non-Hispanic), and 1.21% Other races (non-Hispanic).
The zip codes for Coral Way include 33129, 33133, 33135, and 33145. The area covers . As of 2000, there were 32,879 males and 36,162 females. The median age for males were 38.6 years old, while the median age for females were 43.3 years old. The average household size had 2.5 people, while the average family size had 3.1 members. The percentage of married-couple families (among all households) was 42.3%, while the percentage of married-couple families with children (among all households) was 15.7%, and the percentage of single-mother households (among all households) was 7.1%. The percentage of never-married males 15 years old and over was 14.6%, while the percentage of never-married females 15 years old and over was 12.1%.
As of 2000, the percentage of people that speak English not well or not at all made up 35.8% of the population. The percentage of residents born in Florida was 19.4%, the percentage of people born in another U.S. state was 8.1%, and the percentage of native residents but born outside the U.S. was 2.1%, while the percentage of foreign born residents was 70.4%.
Economy.
The Consulate-General of Costa Rica in Miami is located in Suite 401 at 2730 SW 3rd Avenue in Coral Way.
Transportation.
Coral Way is served by Metrobus throughout the area, and by the Miami Metrorail at:
Education.
Miami-Dade County Public Schools operates area public schools:
Libraries.
Miami-Dade Public Library operates area public libraries:

</doc>
<doc id="19723601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723601" title="Kakigashima Station">
Kakigashima Station

Layout.
The station has one side platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19723606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723606" title="Big Bad Mouse">
Big Bad Mouse

Big Bad Mouse is a frequently revived 1960s British stage play and theatrical comedic farce that, although not specifically written for them, became famous as a loose vehicle for the many talents of the British comedy actors Jimmy Edwards and Eric Sykes and has constantly seen various revivals with other stars right up to 2008.
Written jointly by Phillip King and Falkland Cary, from an original idea by Ivan Butler, "Big Bad Mouse" was first staged in 1964 but did not become a box office hit until Edwards and Sykes took over the lead roles and toured the show across the UK in 1966 and 1967. It was also a top attraction in London's West End for three years between 1967 and 1970. The anarchic pair brought their own talents to play and twisted the plot and dialogue out of all recognition.
No two shows were identical and it became an increasingly fluid experience, including audience participation and regular breaking of the 'fourth wall' between the stage and the audience. The role of the supporting cast quickly became one of trying to keep straight faces while steering the show on track and somewhere close to the original script, while the show’s two stars generally played the fool.
Plot.
The action takes place in the sleepy factory office of the fictitious Chunkibix Ltd. The office is run by the domineering and pompous Mr Price-Hargreaves whose assistant, the shy and downtrodden Mr Bloome, is under his thumb and generally treated badly.
That is until a flasher and stalker chases a young female across Wandsworth Common (changed to a prominent local park when the show toured) and Bloome is accused of being the flasher by the victim and a police detective. Surprisingly the female workers in the office, to whom Bloome had previously been all but invisible, suddenly find him sexually interesting and almost a hero figure.
Their flirtatious attentions have the effect of bolstering Bloome's ego and he quickly grows in confidence and stature, finally answering back to Price-Hargreaves and even suggesting revolutionary improvements that greatly increase sales thus drawing the attention of Chunkibix company owner, Lady Chesapeake.
So satisfying is Bloome’s transformation and newly found confidence that when the young victim discovers she had made a mistake, in identifying him incorrectly as her assailant, Bloome becomes increasingly desperate to keep her quiet.
1960s original tour.
Edwards and Sykes knew each other well through several previous collaborations, including just completing the film The Plank, and were instantly comfortable with the format. With a fluid mixture of clever dialogue, quick fire jokes, sight gags, witty repartee backwards and forwards with the audience and even slapstick routines the pair ripped the original script to shreds. The rest of the cast struggled manfully to keep the play on track and constantly suffered light heartedly at the hands of the two main stars.
Jimmy Edwards played Price-Hargreaves in his trademark blustery harumphing way, that was easily recognised from his role as the headmaster in Whack-O!. Sykes played Bloome, the eponymous mouse of the show’s title. Throughout the show the one ability that marked the boss’s dominance in the office was his practised skill in picking up his phone handset by chopping with his hand, causing the handset to leap off the cradle into his waiting hand. Bloome, trying to emulate this, would always fail with the trick, either hurting his hand or sending the handset spinning into a waste paper basket. Only when he has gained confidence after being accused does he succeed, grinning widely at the audience.
At one point, during what is supposed to be a serious solo scene by Sykes, Edwards could be seen by the audience in his shirtsleeves and braces relaxing in the wings on an armchair. He is smoking a cigarette, flicking over pages of the play's script and making occasional wry faces at Sykes's performance, while Sykes feigns puzzlement at the audience's laughter. During the mid-play interval the cast joined the audience in the bar, remaining in character and performing several hilarious set piece conversations in between chatting with theatre goers.
The office secretary, Miss Spencer, who works for both men, starts the play as a shy drab and dowdily dressed spinster, but when Bloome gains his undeserved reputation and she herself is smitten by him, she also starts to blossom seemingly unnoticed. In the classic Sykes-Edwards production, the young actress playing the part endured endless ad-libs and delays in the action and still resolutely hit her cues and scripted lines. She became the stable point of reference around which the anarchic comics wove their magic. In the final act, having confessed her love for Bloome while wearing a drab ankle-length dress with a high lace collar, she next appears in a sexy red leather mini-skirt and boots, much to the delight of the audience who have appreciated her professional contribution to the performance.
Shaftesbury Theatre run.
After two years of highly successful touring all over the UK it was decided in 1967 to commence a season in London’s West End at the intimate Shaftesbury Theatre. Just before the run started Eric Sykes was taken ill and hospitalised. At short notice his part was taken by the multitalented Roy Castle, who stayed with the show for most of the three-times-extended three-year London run to sold out houses.
Castle’s additional skills as a musician, a singer and as a supple dancer brought an extra facet to the show, which by now bore little resemblance to the original script. Castle inserted a trumpet solo into the show while Edwards walked into the front stalls and sat, apparently bored, reading a newspaper. He later joined Castle on stage playing the euphonium in a musical duet. Castle also tap danced all over the stage, the set, the desks and a large leather armchair. Edwards had often stepped forward about three quarters through the show and announced sotto voce after another character's line "And that,… ladies and gentlemen,… is the last remaining line from the original script!" With Castle in the cast it now prompted Edwards to additionally comment earlier in the performance, just after Castle’s bespectacled first entrance "The last actor (Sykes) was deaf…and now they have given me a blind one to work with" - Castle was genuinely short sighted and the glasses he wore were his own prescription pair. When he later removed them, as the confident Bloome, Edwards commented to the audience "You do realise he can't see a damn thing now, don't you?"
With the play effectively finished Edwards and Castle returned to the stage each night for an encore that often lasted for over an hour of jokes and routines, often 'attacking' the front stalls and private boxes with toy machine guns filled with table tennis balls. The audience in the expensive private boxes were usually the recipients of most of the more outrageous ribbing and leg-pulling during the show.
When the London show closed in 1970, Eric Sykes returned to the role as Bloome and it was taken on a repeat national tour of almost every theatre in the UK with the remainder of the original West End cast. For the next three years the show also toured extensively across the Middle East and Australia.
Later versions.
"Big Bad Mouse" had a short run in New York with an American cast during 1973.
Revived almost constantly for the last thirty years by both professional and amateur companies, the latest incarnation of the show featured the well-known British comedy duo of Tommy Cannon and Bobby Ball supported by "Allo Allo"’s Sue Hodge as Lady Chesapeake and newcomer Emily Trebicki as secretary Miss Spencer. The show opened in Hull during May 2008 and toured six other cities, before ending in August at the Theatre Royal, Windsor, to mixed reviews. Generally well accepted by the audiences and playing to packed houses, several regional theatre critics felt that Cannon and Ball did not possess the comedic depth and wider talents of the show’s original 1960s stars. The "Birmingham Post" commented in June 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="19723618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723618" title="Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay">
Swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay

The women's 4x100 metre freestyle relay was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1928 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event, which was established in 1912. The competition was held on Thursday August 9, 1928.
The United States replaced two swimmers between the semi-finals and the final, while France replaced one. Thirty-one swimmers from seven nations competed.
Medalists.
Note: The International Olympic Committee medal database shows only these four swimmers from the United States as gold medalist. Susan Laird and Josephine McKim both swam in the semi-final are not credited with medals.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1928 Summer Olympics.
The United States with Adelaide Lambert, Josephine McKim, Susan Laird, and Albina Osipowich set a new world record in the semi-final with 4:55.6 minutes. In the final the United States with Adelaide Lambert, Albina Osipowich, Eleanor Garatti, and Martha Norelius bettered the world record to 4:47.6 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2

</doc>
<doc id="19723635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723635" title="Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (1948)">
Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (1948)

The Anglo-Iraqi Treaty of 1948, or Portsmouth treaty of 1948, was a treaty between Iraq and United Kingdom which was signed in Portsmouth, England, in 15 January 1948. The treaty was a revision of the Anglo-Iraqi Treaty (1930).
During World War II, the British had reoccupied Iraq to reverse a pro‑Axis coup that had taken place in 1941, and through the Treaty at Portsmouth on 15 January 1948, Sayyid Salih Jabr negotiated British withdrawal from Iraq. However, this agreement consisted of a joint British and Iraqi joint defense board that oversaw Iraqi military planning. Additionally, the British continued control of Iraqi foreign affairs. Iraq would still be tied to Great Britain for military supplies and training. This treaty was to last until 1973—a twenty-five-year time period that Arab nationalists in Iraq could not accept. As a staunch reaction to the Portsmouth Treaty, Arab nationalists led the Al-Wathbah uprising in protest of a continued British presence in Iraq. Al-Said repudiated the Portsmouth Treaty as a concession offered to the Iraqi and Arab nationalists who rebelled.
The treaty was repudiated after the Free Officers coup in 1958 removed Faisal II from power and his pro-Western policies were reversed.

</doc>
<doc id="19723637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723637" title="Oestrike Stadium">
Oestrike Stadium

Oestrike Stadium is a stadium in Ypsilanti, Michigan at Eastern Michigan University. It is primarily used for baseball, and served as the home field of the Midwest Sliders of Ypsilanti Frontier League baseball team in 2009. In addition, it hosts the Eastern Michigan University Eagles baseball team. It is named after Ron Oestrike, a former baseball coach at EMU. Several present and former major leaguer baseball players, including Bob Welch, Bob Owchinko, Bryan Clutterbuck, Pat Sheridan, and Brian Bixler, played at Oestrike Stadium as members of the EMU baseball team.
History.
Constructed in 1971, Oestrike Stadium is named affer Ronald E. Oestrike. Ronald "Oak" Oestrike was a former Baseball Coach. Oestrike served as a head baseball coach from 1965 to 87. Oestrike Statium has 2,500 seats for baseball and softball events. It hosted the Mid- American Conference Baseball Tournament in 2007. In 2008, Bruce Springsteen performed at Oestrike Stadium in support of Barack Obama during his Presidential Candidacy. The stadium has gone through several renovations to update cosmetic needs. Oestrike stadium is located near Westview Apartments and Rynearson Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19723641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723641" title="Bang's">
Bang's

Bang's may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19723652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19723652" title="Tiny Vipers">
Tiny Vipers

Tiny Vipers (born 1983) is the stage name of Jesy Fortino, an American acoustic musician from Seattle, Washington.
"Life on Earth" was released on July 7, 2009 on Sub Pop. Luckyhorse Industries released a limited edition 180 gram double vinyl on November 16, 2009, which included a bonus track "Audrey's Well".
On January 20, 2012, it was announced that Fortino would be releasing a collaborative album with Grouper under the name Mirrorring entitled "Foreign Body" on March 19, 2012.

</doc>
