<doc id="19758110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758110" title="Schulze STV">
Schulze STV

Schulze STV is a draft ranked voting system designed to achieve proportional representation. It was invented by Markus Schulze who developed the Schulze method for resolving ties under the Condorcet method. It is similar to CPO-STV in that it compares possible winning sets of candidate outcomes pairwise and selects the Condorcet winner. However, unlike CPO-STV, it only compares outcomes that differ by a single candidate. Comparing outcomes that differ by more than one candidate is accomplished by finding the strongest path.
The method is based on Schulze's investigations into vote management and free riding. When a voter prefers a very popular candidate, there is a strategic advantage to the voter if he gives his first choice to a candidate who is unlikely to win (Woodall free riding) or if he doesn't include his preferred candidate in his rankings at all (Hylland free riding). Schulze showed that vote management is merely party coordination of these free rider effects.
Schulze STV is resistant to both types of free riding. However, Hylland free riding is impossible to completely defend against. Schulze creates a criterion called "weak invulnerability to Hylland free riding". A method meets this criterion if it is invulnerable to Hylland free riding, except in cases where the Droop proportionality criterion would have to be violated. Schulze STV meets this criterion.
Voting.
Each voter ranks the candidates in order of preference. For example:
Procedure.
Pairwise Comparisons of results.
Schulze STV performs comparisons on every possible outcome of the election in order to find the set of winners it considers the best. However, it only compares outcomes that differ by one winner directly. Outcomes that differ by more than one winner are compared by finding the strongest path between the two outcomes. The outcome, if one exists, that beats all other outcomes pairwise is declared the winning outcome. Otherwise, a Condorcet completion method is required to break the tie.
Finding the pairwise winner when the results differ by only one candidate.
When two outcomes are compared one against another a special method is used to give each a score and so determine which of the two is the winner.
Assuming that there are S seats to be filled, the two outcomes are considered to be (A1,A2...,AS) and (A2...,AS,B).
The ballots are then assigned to one of the candidates in (A1,A2...,AS). However, a ballot may only be assigned to Ai if the voter prefers Ai to B. This means that ballots which prefer B to all the candidates in (A1,A2...,AS) will remain unassigned. The ballots are assigned in order to maximise the smallest number of ballots held by any candidate in (A1,A2...,AS).
The number of votes in favour of the proposal that (A1,A2...,AS) beats (A2...,AS,B) is equal to the smallest number of ballots held by any candidate in (A1,A2...,AS).
To determine the result of the comparison, the reverse comparison must also be performed. This will give the number of votes against the proposal that (A1,A2...,AS) beats (A2...,AS,B), i.e. the number of votes in favour of the proposal that (A2...,AS,B) beats (A1,A2...,AS).
Finding the pairwise winner when the results differ by more than one candidate.
When two results differ by more than one candidate, a path must be determined that leads from one result to the other. The strength of a path is equal to the weakest link along the path.
For example, if there is a path A,B,C and D, and
A beats B is supported by 100 votes,
B beats C is supported by 80 votes,
C beats D is supported by 110 votes,
then the path ABCD will be supported by 80 votes as it is the lowest.
All paths from A to D would be examined and the one with the largest support will be considered the support for the proposal that A beats D. Similarly, the paths from D to A would be examined and the strongest path would be considered the support for the proposal that D beats A.
Scenario.
Imagine an election in which there are two seats to be filled and three candidates, Andrea and Carter (who represent the Yellow Party) and Brad (who represents the Purple Party). Andrea is a very popular candidate and has her own supporters who aren't Yellow Party supporters. It is assumed that the Yellow Party can influence their own supporters, but not Andrea's supporters.
There are 90 voters and their preferences are
Count under traditional STV.
1. The initial tallies are:
2. Andrea is immediately declared elected and her surplus is distributed
Brad is thus elected.
Result.
The elected candidates are Andrea (Y) and Brad (P).
Count under Schulze STV.
There are three possible outcomes (or sets of winners) in the election:
Under Schulze STV, it is certain that any candidate with more than the Droop quota of first preferences will be elected. This means that Andrea is certain to be elected. This means that there are only 2 possible outcomes.
These two outcomes will be compared.
Comparison of A and B.
Support for (Andrea,Carter) beats (Andrea,Brad*)
Brad is test candidate.
12 prefer Andrea (but not Carter) to Brad (assign to Andrea)
0 prefer Carter (but not Andrea) to Brad
51 prefer Both to Brad (assign 19.5 to Andrea and 31.5 to Carter)
27 prefer Brad to Both (These cannot be assigned to any group)
The 51 ballots that prefer Both to Brad were assigned so that both Andrea and Carter have the same number of ballots. This means that the lower of the 2 is maximised.
Both groups have 31.5 ballots in them.
Support for (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter*)
Carter is the test candidate.
38 prefer Andrea (but not Brad) to Carter (assign to Andrea)
27 prefer Brad (but not Andrea) to Carter (assign to Brad)
12 prefer both to Carter (assign 0.5 to Andrea and 11.5 to Brad)
Both groups have 38.5 ballots in them and this maximises the smallest group size.
This means that (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter) by 38.5 votes to 31.5.
Result.
Since (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter), (Andrea,Brad) is the Condorcet winner. This means that Andrea (Y) and Brad (P) are the winners. This is the same result as standard PR-STV.
Resistance to Vote Management.
Vote Management is where a party instructs its voters not to rank a popular party candidate first choice. This means that instead of voting their true preferences, the Yellow Party's leaders instruct their supporters to vote for Carter as their first choice (and then Andrea). This changes the ballots cast.
Count under traditional STV.
1. The initial tallies are:
2. Andrea is immediately declared elected and her surplus is distributed
Carter is thus elected.
Result.
The elected candidates are Andrea (Y) and Carter (Y). This means that vote management has been successful. The Yellow Party wins both seats instead of just one and the Purple Party wins no seats.
Count under Schulze STV.
There are three possible outcomes (or sets of winners) in the election:
Under Schulze STV, it is certain that any candidate with more than the Droop quota in the first preferences will be elected. This means that Andrea is certain to be elected as she received 38 votes. This means that there are only 2 possible outcomes
These two outcomes will be compared.
Comparison of A and B.
Support for (Andrea,Carter) beats (Andrea,Brad*)
Brad is the test candidate.
12 prefer Andrea (but not Carter) to Brad (assign to Andrea)
0 prefer Carter (but not Andrea) to Brad
51 prefer Both to Brad (assign 19.5 to Andrea and 31.5 to Carter)
27 prefer Brad to Both (These cannot be assigned to any group)
Both groups have 31.5 ballots in them.
Support for (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter*)
Carter is the test candidate.
26 prefer Andrea (but not Brad) to Carter (assign to Andrea)
27 prefer Brad (but not Andrea) to Carter (assign to Brad)
12 prefer both to Carter (assign 6.5 to Andrea and 5.5 to Brad)
Both groups have 32.5 ballots in them and this maximises the smallest group size.
This means that (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter) by 32.5 votes to 31.5.
Result.
Since (Andrea,Brad) beats (Andrea,Carter), (Andrea,Brad) is the Condorcet winner. This means that Andrea (Y) and Brad (P) are the winners.
Thus, unlike standard PR-STV, Schulze STV resisted the effects of vote management.
Schulze STV and traditional STV.
The example above shows Schulze STV's resistance to vote management. Since it performs Condorcet pairwise comparisons, like CPO-STV, it doesn't suffer from defects caused by sequential exclusions. In addition, the number of pairwise comparisons are greatly reduced, since Schulze STV only has to compare outcomes that differ by one candidate, unlike CPO-STV which must compare all possible pairwise comparisons.
Even when the Yellow Party instructed all of its supporters to top rank Carter, it didn't result in Carter taking the 2nd seat.
Potential for tactical voting.
Proportional representation systems are much less susceptible to tactical voting systems than single-winner systems such as the Single Member District Plurality ('First-Past-the-Post') system and Instant Run-Off Voting. Schulze STV has additional resistance to forms of tactical voting which are specific to single transferable voting methods.
However, all forms of STV are vulnerable to some degree of tactical voting because they lack monotonicity. This means that it is sometimes possible to benefit a candidate by ranking them "lower" than one's true order of preference, or to harm a candidate by ranking them "higher".
PR-STV methods which make use of Meek's Method are resistant to Woodall Free Riding, but are still vulnerable to Hylland Free Riding. Schulze's method is not vulnerable to Hylland Free Riding, except where necessary in order to meet the Droop proportionality criterion.
A method which doesn't meet the Droop proportionality criterion has the potential to give disproportional results. Thus, Schulze STV can be considered invulnerable to Hylland Free Riding to as great an extent possible, subject to actually being a proportional representation method.
In addition to the voting system criteria passed by all STV methods, Schulze STV satisfies Dummett's Proportionality for Solid Coalitions criterion.
Impact on candidates and factions.
The advantage of the resistance to free riding is that parties who do not participate in vote management will not be at a disadvantage. Vote management requires strict control of the number of party candidates and also requires voters to vote in accordance with the party leadership's instructions. This reduces the ability for voters to express their views and to remove disliked party candidates.
Practical implications.
From the point of view of the voter Schulze is no more complicated than traditional forms of STV. Under both systems the ballot paper is the same and voting occurs by ranking the candidates in order of preference.
However, with respect to calculating an election result, Schulze STV is significantly more complex than standard PR-STV. Even though it is less complex than CPO-STV, for large scale elections, it would still be necessary for the results to be calculated by computer. Even then, computing the result would be difficult in some cases: Schulze STV does not have polynomial runtime.
Use of Schulze STV.
Schulze STV is not currently used in parliamentary elections. Organizations which currently use Schulze STV are:

</doc>
<doc id="19758112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758112" title="Dahachaur">
Dahachaur

Dahachaur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2746 people living in 477 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758120" title="Dandakhali">
Dandakhali

Dandakhali is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2596 people living in 412 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758122" title="Ashfield Halt railway station">
Ashfield Halt railway station

Ashfield Halt railway station served Ashfield in County Down, Northern Ireland. Sited south of Dromore the station was served by the line from Lisburn to Banbridge.
History.
Built by the Great Northern Railway (Ireland), and closed by that concern in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19758126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758126" title="Dasarathpur">
Dasarathpur

Dasarathpur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3384 people living in 596 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758135" title="Dharapani, Bheri">
Dharapani, Bheri

Dharapani, Bheri is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2542 people living in 445 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758146" title="Gadi Bayalkada">
Gadi Bayalkada

Gadi Bayalkada is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3413.

</doc>
<doc id="19758161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758161" title="Garpan">
Garpan

Garpan is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1953 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758168" title="Inflammatory myopathy">
Inflammatory myopathy

Inflammatory myopathy is a form of myopathy that involves inflammation of the muscle.
Inflammatory myopathy is generally synonymous to the term dermatopolymyositis, which, according to ICD-10 encompasses three related diseases: polymyositis, dermatomyositis, and inclusion-body myositis.
Diagnosis.
Inflammatory myopathy can be associated with increased ESR and creatine kinase.
Dermatopolymyositis can be associated with several types of autoantibodies:
Treatment.
Treatment may involve steroids or other antiinflammatories.

</doc>
<doc id="19758178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758178" title="Ghatgaun">
Ghatgaun

Ghatgaun is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3352 people living in 659 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758183" title="Ghoreta">
Ghoreta

Ghoreta is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1936 people living in 308 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758184" title="EV/Sales">
EV/Sales

Enterprise value/sales is a financial ratio that compares the total value (as measured by enterprise value) of the company to its sales. The ratio is, strictly speaking, nominated in years; it demonstrates how many dollars of EV are generated by one dollar of yearly sales. Generally, the lower the ratio, the cheaper the company is. Some investment professionals believe—as enterprise value and sales both consider debt and equity holders—EV/Sales is superior to the oft quoted price/sales ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="19758189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758189" title="Ghumkhahare">
Ghumkhahare

Ghumkhahare is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3906 people living in 631 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758190" title="Anti-dsDNA antibodies">
Anti-dsDNA antibodies

Anti-dsDNA antibodies are a group of anti-nuclear antibodies and their target antigen is double stranded DNA. Blood tests such as enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and immunofluorescence are routinely performed to detect anti-dsDNA antibodies in diagnostic laboratories. They are highly diagnostic of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and are implicated in the pathogenesis of lupus nephritis.
Discovery.
The first evidence for antinuclear antibodies arose in 1948 when Hargraves, Richmond and Morton discovered the LE cell. These abnormal cells, which are found in the bone marrow of persons who have SLE are categorised as polymorphonuclear leukocytes with phagocytosed whole nuclei. Subsequently in 1957, antibodies to dsDNA were the first autoantibodies to be identified in patients with SLE.
Antibody production.
Although the exact mechanism of the generation of dsDNA antibodies is still unknown, it is likely that extracellular DNA is one cause of an immune response against dsDNA. There is a great deal of evidence supporting the idea that dead or dying cells are one major source of this extracellular DNA. Apoptosis is the highly organised process of programmed cell death in which the cell degrades the nuclear DNA and signals for phagocytosis. In people with SLE and other autoimmune disorders this process is thought to be defective, causing either an increase in cell death and/or a decrease in the rate of dead cell clearance.
There is a higher rate of apoptosis in people with SLE and various changes in genes and proteins have been implicated in the defects in apoptosis. These include increased levels of soluble Fas and bcl-2 and polymorphisms in the programmed cell death 1 and run-related transcription factor X1.
Blebs on apoptotic cells contain nearly all the autoantigens found in SLE, and phagocytes bind these apoptotic cells and phagocytose them. If this process is defective, these autoantigens can be released into the circulation allowing an immune response. Serum amyloid P component is a protein that is thought to aid in the clearance of chromatin produced by apoptotic cells and deficiencies in this protein have been shown (in mice) to cause spontaneous formation of ANA. Autoantigens present on the blebs of apoptotic cells are also prone to modification, which can increase their immunogenicity.
Upon release of nuclear proteins and chromatin, antigen presenting cells, such as dendritic cells and macrophages, display these antigens to T helper cells. Although the details of this process are still controversial, evidence shows that to produce an immune response, DNA must activate an antigen presenting cell to produce type 1 interferons. This cytokine serves to induce maturation of plasmacytoid dendritic cells (PDCs) so that they can display their antigens to T helper cells. The mechanism in which eukaryotic DNA activates these cells is still as yet unclear; however, immunogenic CpG sequences have been found to either activate PDCs or act as adjuvant in the response to eukaryotic DNA. CpG motif DNA acts via the pattern recognition receptor, toll-like receptor 9, found highly expressed in PDCs and B cells. The T helper cells then activate B cells, which are also in the presence of these antigens, causing the production of autoantibodies.
Anti-dsDNA antibodies can also be produced through infection via a mechanism known as molecular mimicry. Upon exposure to pneumococcal polysaccharides, cross reactive antibodies between dsDNA and pneumococcal polysaccharides are produced in lupus. Epstein-Barr virus is also known to induce dsDNA antibodies, as seen after immunisation of animals with EBNA-1 epitopes.
Anti-dsDNA antibodies might also be created secondary to the production of antibodies to other proteins within the nucleosome. Mice that have T cells directed towards the nucleosome can illicit a response to other antigens such as dsDNA and histone via a mechanism known as antigen spreading. This effect can also occur after an infection causes the production of autoantibodies to other structures within the nucleus.
Role in disease.
SLE.
Anti-dsDNA antibodies are incredibly specific for SLE, with studies quoting nearly 100%, and are therefore used in the diagnosis of SLE. Higher titres of anti-dsDNA antibodies are more suggestive of SLE and lower titres can be found in people without the disease. In contrast to the high specificity, estimates of 25-85% have been observed for the sensitivity of anti-dsDNA in SLE. Therefore, presence of anti-dsDNA antibodies are suggestive of SLE, however an absence of the antibodies do not rule out the disease.
The levels of circulating anti-dsDNA antibodies fluctuate with disease activity in SLE. Increases in titres of the antibodies can coincide with, or even precede an increase of disease activity. For this reason titres are serially monitored by clinicians to assess disease progression. Titres are monitored more often in cases of more active lupus than that of less active lupus at intervals of 1–3 months and 6–12 months, respectively.
Anti-dsDNA antibodies are highly associated with glomerulonephritis in SLE, although some patients with high titres of anti-dsDNA antibodies do not develop renal disease. This is most likely due to the fact that anti-dsDNA are a heterogeneous population, some of which have been found not to be pathogenic. Anti-dsDNA antibodies can be present in normal individuals, however these antibodies are usually low avidity IgM isotype. In contrast, pathogenic anti-dsDNA antibodies found in SLE are usually of IgG isotype and show high avidity for dsDNA. One possible mechanism for anti-dsDNA and their role in nephritis is the formation of immune complexes that arise by indirect binding to DNA or nucleosomes that are adhered to the glomerular basement membrane (GBM). Another mechanism is direct binding of antibodies to GBM antigens such as C1q, nucleosomal proteins, heparin sulphate or laminin, which can initiate an inflammatory response by activating complement. They can also be internalised by certain molecules on the GBM cells and cause inflammatory cascades, proliferation and alteration of cellular functions.
Rheumatoid arthritis.
Patients with rheumatoid arthritis can develop anti-dsDNA antibodies, however they are usually treatment related. Anti-TNFα biological therapies, such as adalimumab, infliximab and etanercept, can often induce the production of anti-dsDNA antibodies. They are usually low avidity and are only detectable transiently after treatment. The presence of these antibodies can induce a lupus-like syndrome in some cases.
Viral infection.
Infection with viral pathogens can induce anti-dsDNA antibodies transiently. Human immunodeficiency virus, parvovirus B19 and BK virus are known to induce these antibodies.
Other diseases.
There is little evidence supporting the association between anti-dsDNA antibodies and other diseases. Occasionally the monoclonal proteins produced by myeloma patients can be anti-dsDNA. Also, some patients with type 1 autoimmune hepatitis produce anti-dsDNA antibodies.
Detection and quantitation.
Farr assay.
The Farr assay is used to quantify the amount of anti-dsDNA antibodies in serum. Ammonium sulphate is used to precipitate antigen-antibody complexes that form if the sera contains antibodies to dsDNA. The quantity of these antibodies is determined by using radioactively labelled dsDNA. Although this test is very specific, it is of little use in routine diagnostic laboratories due to its laboriousness and use of radioactive materials. The Farr assay is one of the only tests available that detects high avidity antibodies (along with "Crithidia luciliae") and also has the ability to detect antibodies of any isotype.
PEG.
The polyethylene glycol (PEG) assay precipitates DNA-antibody complexes, similar to the Farr Assay. However, unlike the Farr Assay it does not dissociate the low avidity antibody complexes, allowing for the detection of both high and low avidity anti-dsDNA antibodies.
Immunofluorescence.
Animal Tissue.
Animal tissue was the first substrate for immunofluorescent detection of antinuclear antibodies and has been in use since the late 1950s. Liver and kidney tissue sections from animals such as rats are used to identify anti-dsDNA antibodies. This substrate has largely been superseded by the use of HEp-2 cells.
HEp-2.
Hep-2 cells, originally of laryngeal carcinoma origin, are actually a contamination of HeLa cells. They are routinely used in the diagnosis of ANA in diagnostic laboratories. HEp-2 cells provide a greater ability to differentiate patterns of ANA than animal sections, due to the large nuclei and high mitotic rate of the cell line. Upon incubation with serum containing anti-dsDNA antibodies and fluorescent labelled secondary antibodies, homogeneous staining of interphase nuclei and condensed chromosomal staining of mitotic cells can be seen.
Crithidia.
"Crithidia luciliae" is a haemoflagellate protist with an organelle known as the kinetoplast. This organelle contains a high concentration of circular DNA with no recognisable nuclear antigens, allowing for the reliable detection of anti-dsDNA antibodies. The kinetoplast fluoresces if serum contains high avidity anti-dsDNA antibodies. This test has a higher specificity than EIA because it uses unprocessed DNA. Processed DNA can contain regions of ssDNA, allowing detection of anti-ssDNA antibodies, which can give false positive results.
EIA.
EIA detects antibodies using a DNA-coated polystyrene microtitre plate. The DNA used in these assays is often recombinant dsDNA or from calf thymus extract. Upon incubation with serum containing anti-dsDNA antibodies, the antibodies will bind to the DNA and can then be visualised using enzyme-linked secondary antibodies. This assay can be quantitative or semi-quantitative, allowing for estimations of the levels of anti-dsDNA antibodies. This test can produce false positives due to contamination of ssDNA from denatured dsDNA. EIA detects low and high avidity anti-dsDNA antibodies, increasing its sensitivity and reducing its specificity.
Flow cytometry.
Flow cytometry for the detection of ANA uses multiplexed polystyrene beads coated with multiple autoantigens, such as SSA, 
SSB, Sm,
RNP, Scl-70, Jo-1, dsDNA, centromere B and histone. Serum is incubated with the beads and in the presence of anti-dsDNA antibodies, or any other ANA, the antibodies will bind and fluorescent labelled secondary antibodies will be used for detection. The beads are run through a flow cell which uses a laser to detect fluorescence.
Multiplex immunoassay (MIA).
Similar to the flow cytometry method of ANA detection, the MIA uses wells containg autoantigens and HEp-2 extract coated beads. The bead sets are coated with specific autoantigens and can be detected individually to allow identification of the particular autoantibody. Automated analysis of the well fluorescence allows for rapid detection of autoantibodies.
Microarrays.
Microarrays are a newly emerging method for the detection of ANA. Individual autoantigens are deposited in an array of dots onto a surface such as polystyrene. A single array could consist of hundreds of autoantigens for screening of multiple autoimmune diseases simultaneously. If anti-dsDNA antibodies are present, incubation of serum and the microarray allow for binding and the dots can then be visualised using a fluorescent labelled anti-IgG antibody.

</doc>
<doc id="19758192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758192" title="All About Hash">
All About Hash

All About Hash is a 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 189th "Our Gang" short (190th episode, 101st talking short, 102nd talking episode, and 21st MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
It seems that Mickey is upset over the fact that his parents spend every Monday night arguing. The reason: Mickey's mom invariably serves hash made from the Sunday-dinner leftovers, and Mickey's dad hates hash. To teach the two adults a lesson, the Our Gang kids stage a skit on a local radio program, ending with a heartfelt plea by Mickey to stop the quarrelling.
Notes.
Janet Burston makes her "Our Gang" debut as a young radio contestest Mary Swivens singing "Tippi Tippi Tin".

</doc>
<doc id="19758195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758195" title="Thomas Heftyes Gate">
Thomas Heftyes Gate

Name: Thomas Heftyes gate
District: Frogner
Suburb: Frogner
Local council: Oslo
Background to name: Thomas Heftye http://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Heftye
Junctions with: Gabels gate, Frederik Stangs gate, Sophus Lies gate, Gimle terrasse, Elisenbergveien, Bygdøy allé, Odins gate, Eckersbergs gate, Magnus Bergs gate, Solheimgata, Lindemans gate, Frognerveien, Halvdan Svartes gate, Kirkeveien, Frogner plass -->
Thomas Heftyes gate is a street in Oslo, Norway, that runs from Gabels gate via "Gimletoppen", before crossing Elisenbergveien and Bygdøy allé and continuing in a northerly direction to Frogner plass. It lies within an area formerly part of Frogner hovedgård.
In 1891 the street was named after the banker Thomas Heftye (1822–1886), who had bought a large part of Frogner. In 1858-59 he had Villa Frognæs built on the ridge overlooking Frognerkilen. The architects were Schirmer and von Hanno. The property, with the address Drammensveien 79 has access from Thomas Heftyes gate and since 1906 has been Great Britain’s legation and later Embassy. Heftye’s villa is the formal residence of the British Ambassador. Thomas Heftye is known as a proponent of the outdoor life and was a founder and first chairman of the Norwegian Turistforeningen http://www.turistforeningen.no/english/.
Property prices in the street are amongst the highest in Norway, particularly to the west of Bygdø Allé. Four embassies are to be found along the street: The Finnish at no. 1, British at no. 8, Austrian at no. 19 and Slovakian at no. 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19758196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758196" title="Gumi, Nepal">
Gumi, Nepal

Gumi is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5683 people living in 965 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758202" title="Guthu">
Guthu

Guthu is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5036 people living in 854 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758205" title="Anti-nRNP">
Anti-nRNP

Anti-nRNP is a type of antibody. 
They are autoantibodies against some ribonucleoproteins.
One form of Anti-nRNP is antibodies towards snRNP70 (then called anti-snRNP70). Anti-snRNP70 antibodies can be elevated in mixed connective tissue disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19758213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758213" title="Hariharpur, Bheri">
Hariharpur, Bheri

Hariharpur, Bheri is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3381 people living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758224" title="Jarbuta">
Jarbuta

Jarbuta is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5243 people living in 949 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758228" title="Kafalkot">
Kafalkot

Kafalkot is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2665 people living in 459 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758232" title="Kalyan, Nepal">
Kalyan, Nepal

Kalyan, Nepal is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4340 people living in 713 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758237" title="Kaprichaur">
Kaprichaur

Kaprichaur is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2569 people living in 446 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758243" title="Khanikhola">
Khanikhola

Khanikhola is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3127 people living in 512 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758244" title="Blyth, Eastman Dillon &amp; Co.">
Blyth, Eastman Dillon &amp; Co.

Blyth, Eastman Dillon & Co. (Blyth Eastman or BEDCO) was an American investment bank founded in 1914. Blyth Eastman operated for many years as one of the only major investment banking firms on the West Coast of the U.S. At the time of its acquisition, Blyth Eastman had more than 700 finance related employees with over 70 branch offices across the U.S. Blyth Eastman was among the top ten largest investment banks at the time of its acquisition.
Blyth Eastman was a leader in block trading, institutional investing, commodities brokering, and OTC trades. The firm also had a strong corporate banking business.
The firm was merged with Paine Webber in 1979, which was later acquired by UBS AG.
History.
Founding and early history.
The firm was founded in San Francisco, California in 1914 by Charles Blyth and Dean G. Witter. Originally known as Blyth, Witter & Co., the firm was renamed Blyth & Co. in 1924, when Witter left to set up his own brokerage business, Dean Witter Reynolds. 
In 1935 Charles Mitchell, former chairman of the National City Bank of New York and a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, joined what was then Blyth & Co. to assist in developing its underwriting and distribution businesses, which were intended to complement the company's established West Coast investment banking operation.
Consolidation and acquisition.
In 1970, Blyth was sold for $55 million to Insurance Corporation of North America, in what was at the time an unusual acquisition by a company outside of the investment banking industry. 
Two years later, Blyth & Co. merged with Eastman Dillon Union Securities & Co. in 1972, which itself was the product of the 1956 merger of Union Securities and Eastman Dillon & Co. Eastman Dillon had been a full-time investment banking firm, founded in Pennsylvania in 1912 by Herbert Dillon and Thomas Eastman. Union Securities had formerly been the investment banking operations of J. & W. Seligman & Co., and was established in 1939, in the aftermath of the Glass–Steagall Act's separation of banking and underwriting activities. Eastman Dillon Union Securities & Co. established a successful track record during the 1940s and 1950s in as a merchant banking firm, focusing on acquiring and restructuring companies.
Seven years later, in 1979, Blyth, Eastman, Dillon & Co. merged with Paine Webber to form Blyth Eastman, Paine Webber. The merger would prove difficult for the combined company which struggled to integrate Blyth Eastman's investment banking operations with Paine Webber's retail business. The merger never fully achieved the intended goal of turning Paine Webber into a major investment banking house. In 1984, a reorganization of the company combined the three subsidiaries, Paine, Webber, Jackson & Curtis; Blyth Eastman Paine Webber; and PaineWebber Mitchell Hutchins, under one name, PaineWebber Incorporated, resulting in the disappearance of the Blyth Eastman brand. Paine Webber was ultimately acquired by UBS AG in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19758250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758250" title="Kunathari">
Kunathari

Kunathari is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4681 people living in 781 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758257" title="Here I Go Again (The Miracles song)">
Here I Go Again (The Miracles song)

"Here I Go Again" was a 1969 hit single by The Miracles (aka "Smokey Robinson and the Miracles") on Motown Records' Tamla label subsidiary. It was taken from their top-25 Pop album "Time Out for Smokey Robinson & The Miracles" from that year, and was the "B" side of their hit single, "Doggone Right". Like that song, "Here I Go Again" was also a Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 37. It was a Top 20 hit on the R&B chart as well, peaking at number 15. It was written by Miracles members Smokey Robinson and Pete Moore, along with Motown staff songwriters Al Cleveland and Terry "Buzzy" Johnson, a member of the legendary R&B group The Flamingos.
Moore and Johnson were the song's producers. A heart-wrenching ballad, Robinson, as the song's narrator, portrays a man falling deeply and hopelessly in love with a young woman, yet afraid to do so due to a bad previous relationship that ended in heartbreak and failure:
In the end, however, love wins out, outweighing his fears and apprehensions: ""Here I Go Again...walking into love..."".
"Here I Go Again" was performed by the group on a 1969 telecast of the ABC music - variety program, "The Music Scene", and has inspired cover versions by Chazz Dixon, Carey Bell, A.J. De Bravo, Little Willie G., and Oran "Juice" Jones. The original Miracles version appears on several of their "Greatest Hits" anthologies, with a live version appearing on their live album, "". The Miracles can also be seen performing "Here I Go Again" live on the DVD compilation, "Music Scene - The Best of 1969-70" (an out of print collection, but still available on certain collectors' websites).

</doc>
<doc id="19758258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758258" title="Lagaam">
Lagaam

Lagaam is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3839 people living in 647 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758268" title="Latikoili">
Latikoili

Latikoili is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9088 people living in 1568 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758271" title="1st American Regiment (1783–1784)">
1st American Regiment (1783–1784)

1st American Regiment, also known as Jackson's Continental Regiment of 1783-1784, was the last unit in the Continental Army, retained after the close of the American Revolutionary War. This regiment, under the command of Colonel Henry Jackson of Massachusetts, was not the same unit as Jackson's Additional Continental Regiment of 1777, which had become the 16th Massachusetts Regiment in 1780 and had been disbanded in 1781. Equally, this regiment should not be confused with the First American Regiment of 1784-1791, which was originally commanded by Colonel Josiah Harmar, has remained in service to the present, and is now the 3d United States Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard).
However, when Jackson's Regiment was disbanded in 1784 one company remained in service and was assigned to Harmar's Regiment. The remaining company, under Captain John Doughty, had been raised by Alexander Hamilton in 1776 and had ended the war as the 2d Company, 2nd Continental Artillery Regiment. Through various reorganizations the company has continued in the United States Army to the present day.
Peacetime regular army.
The ratification of the Treaty of Paris, September 3, 1783, presented the Continental Congress with the question of providing the newly independent United States with a peacetime Regular Army. Congress considered several plans for a permanent peace establishment, but failed to adopt any of them.
A compromise was found when the Congress finally settled on the expedient of provisionally organizing a single regiment to remain in service. Command of the new regiment was given to Colonel Henry Jackson.
Organization.
Jackson's Regiment was authorized as an element of the Continental Army on October 23, 1783. Under this arrangement the regiment and the Continental Army were virtually the same thing. It was organized at West Point, New York, on November 3, 1783. The field units which had composed the Continental Army were disbanded in November 1783, and Jackson's Regiment was the force which succeeded them.
His regiment was to consist of a regimental headquarters and nine companies. Most, but not all, of the men under his command were veterans of the Massachusetts Line. In addition to the Massachusetts veterans, Captain John Doughty's Company of the 2nd Continental Artillery Regiment was attached to the regiment, as were the remaining officers and men of the Corps of Invalids. The 2nd Continental Artillery had been placed on the New York quota in 1781 and the Corps of Invalids had been raised at large.
Doughty's Artillery Company.
Doughty's Company was originally authorized on January 6, 1776 by the New York Provincial Congress as the New York Provincial Artillery Company. The company was organized at New York City in the spring of 1776. Its first commander was Captain Alexander Hamilton. On March 17, 1777 the company, then commanded by Captain John Doughty, was assigned to Lamb's Continental Artillery Regiment. In August 1779 it was numbered the 2nd Company in the 2nd Continental Artillery Regiment.
Corps of Invalids.
On June 20, 1777 the Continental Congress resolved to raise a Corps of Invalids. The Invalids, a body of physically disabled Continental Army veterans, were organized as a regiment of eight companies under the command of Colonel Lewis Nicola. They were intended to serve as guards at magazines, hospitals, and similar establishments. It was also hoped that the corps could serve as a military school, but this seems not to have happened.
Strength of the 1st American Regiment, January 3, 1784.
On January 3, 1784 the Commanding General of the Army, Major General Henry Knox, submitted to Congress a list of Continental Army officers remaining in service, and a return showing the organization of Jackson's Regiment. The regiment consisted of 775 officers and men:
Service history.
The First American Regiment served in garrison at West Point, New York until its disbandment. When the British Army evacuated New York City as a result of negotiations between George Washington and Sir Guy Carleton, Colonel Jackson had immediate command of the 800-man column that marched into New York City on November 25, 1783, under General Washington, to formally take possession of the city for the United States.
Disbandment of the Regiment.
On June 2, 1784, Congress resolved:
Alexander Hamilton Battery.
Captain Doughty received the brevet rank of major on September 30, 1783. He was the major of artillery appearing in the return submitted by General Knox.
The Congressional resolve of June 2, 1784 caused Major Doughty's Artillery Company to continue in service, as his company was the unit retained. To his company belongs the distinction of being the only element of the Continental Army to continue in service after the war as an element of the United States Army.
On the following day, June 3, 1784 the Continental Congress resolved to raise a new regiment, the First American Regiment of 1784-1791, consisting of eight infantry companies and two artillery companies. Captain Doughty furnished the senior company. The 2d Artillery Company, First American Regiment, was raised in Pennsylvania and commanded by Captain Thomas Douglass, who had been an officer in Thomas Proctor's 4th Continental Artillery Regiment from 1777 to 1783.
The organization of the United States Army changed frequently in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century; but on June 1, 1821 the company that had been commanded by Major Doughty in 1784 was designated Company "F," 4th United States Regiment of Artillery. The company retained this designation until 1901. The company received a different designation in that year and, in a further reorganization on May 31, 1907 it became Battery "D," 5th United States Field Artillery Regiment. The battery served in France in World War I as an element of the 1st Division, American Expeditionary Forces.
On October 1, 1940 the battery became Battery "D," 5th Field Artillery Battalion. It served in North Africa and Europe in World War II. After a further period of reorganization, the unit was redesignated the 1st Rocket Howitzer Battalion, 5th Artillery, on April 20, 1960 and as the 1st Battalion, 5th Artillery (Alexander Hamilton Battery), on January 20, 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="19758273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758273" title="Lekhfarsa">
Lekhfarsa

Lekhfarsa is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4809 people living in 805 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758274" title="Croats in Argentina">
Croats in Argentina

Croatian Argentines are Argentines of Croatian descent. Croats and their descendants settled in Buenos Aires, the homonymous province, Chaco, and Patagonia. Argentines of Croatian descent number over 250,000.
History.
At the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries there were 133 settlements, with some 120,000 Croats in Argentina, for the most part hailing from the coastal regions of Dalmatia and the Croatian Littoral, who were among the first European immigrants to settle in the Argentine pampas. The pioneers from the island of Hvar were followed by emigrants from other parts of Dalmatia and the other historic Croatian lands, mostly present-day Croatia.
The most financially successful of all the Croats in Argentina was also almost the first to arrive: Nikola Mihanović came to Montevideo, Uruguay in 1867, and, having settled in Buenos Aires, Mihanović owned 350 vessels of one kind or another by 1909, including 82 steamers. By 1918, he employed 5,000 people, mostly from his native Dalmatia. Mihanović by himself was thus a major factor in building up a Croat community which remains primarily Dalmatian to this day.
The second wave of Croat immigration was far more numerous, totalling 15,000 by 1939. Mostly peasants, these immigrants fanned out to work the land in Buenos Aires Province, Santa Fe, Chaco, and Patagonia. This wave was accompanied by a numerous clergy to attend their spiritual needs, especially Franciscans.
If the first two waves had been primarily economic, the third wave after World War II was eminently political. Some 20,000 Croatian political refugees came to Argentina, and most became construction workers on Peron's public works projects until they started to pick up some Spanish. Argentina today has the largest number of Croatian descendants in Latin America followed by Chile (120,000-140,000 Croats) and the third largest in the world after the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19758275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758275" title="Hermann V. von Holst">
Hermann V. von Holst

Hermann V. von Holst (1874–1955) was an American architect practicing in Chicago, Illinois and Boca Raton, Florida, from the 1890s through the 1940s, best remembered for agreeing to take on the responsibility of heading up Frank Lloyd Wright's architectural practice when Wright went off to Europe with Mamah Cheney in 1909.
Von Holst was born in Freiburg, Germany on June 17, 1874, the son of the eminent historian Hermann Eduard von Holst and Hoboken, New Jersey, native Annie Isabelle Hatt who were married on April 23, 1872, in New York City. The von Holsts lived in Germany with visits to the United States until they emigrated from Germany to Chicago in 1891, where von Holst, Sr., became head of the department of history at the University of Chicago.
In Chicago.
Herman V. von Holst graduated from the architecture program at the University of Chicago in 1893 and the architecture program at MIT in 1896. He found employment as a draughtsman at the prestigious architectural firm of Shepley, Rutan and Coolidge, in their Chicago office, one of the successor firms of the celebrated architect Henry Hobson Richardson. By 1900, von Holst was head draughtsman at the firm. Following extensive travels, von Holst opened his own practice in Chicago in 1905, with offices in The Rookery Building, Chicago. In 1909, he moved his office to Chicago's Steinway Hall, where he was among a colleagial group of Prairie School architects.
Active in professional organizations, von Holst served as Treasurer of the Architectural League of America in 1905. He published several books on architectural subjects, including "Cyclopedia of Drawing" (1907) and "Modern American Homes" (1913) which featured work of fellow architects including Walter Burley Griffin, Frank Lloyd Wright, and Lawrence Buck. He served as professor of architectural design at the Chicago School of Architecture at the Art Institute of Chicago. He also taught design in the Department of Architecture at the Armour Institute of Technology (later IIT).
In the period 1904-1906, von Holst created summer countryside estate architecture in the White Mountains of New Hampshire for socially prominent and wealthy clients, including Pittsburgh glassmaking millionaire George A. Macbeth and International Harvester partner John Glessner, whose Chicago Glessner House was designed by Henry Hobson Richardson.
Overseeing Frank Lloyd Wright's practice.
As has been increasingly well-documented, before Wright and Mrs. Cheney went off together to Europe, Wright asked various architects to take on the responsibility of his office, including Marion Mahony and George Grant Elmslie, both of whom refused. Finally, he arranged for Hermann V. von Holst to oversee the work. Along with continuing Wright architects Isabel Roberts and John Van Bergen, von Holst contracted with Marion Mahony (who as stipulated had complete control of architectural design) and her husband Walter Burley Griffin (for landscape architecture). Together, they brought what work they could of Wright's to completion—much of it modified to Marion Mahony Griffin's designs. 
The happy result of this time period for the Prairie School is a graceful collection of Prairie Style residences in a Griffin-planned landscape on Millikin Place in Decatur, Illinois and a pair of charming Prairie homes, one by Wright and the other by von Holst and Mahony, across the street from each other in Grand Rapids. Unfortunately, Clara and Henry Ford did not grasp the potential of the home designed for them; by dismissing von Holst and Mahony, they ended up with a ponderous, ungainly home. "Fair Lane" as finally designed by others, has but rare hints of Prairie concepts remaining (the south end and in some of the outbuildings, such as Ford's beloved Powerplant). The Ford residence is awkward of proportion, cold in demeanor and unfortunate in detail.
Architectural historians have tended to underestimate von Holst's abilities and influence in the world of architecture. However it is clear that a man with degrees from two outstanding architecture departments, who had served as head draughtsman for the leading firm of Shepley, Rutan & Coolidge, who taught design and served as treasurer of the Architectural League of America was a solid choice for this task. Also, architectural critics have tended either to undervalue or misattribute work done while Wright was mostly incommunicado in Europe. The output of Wright's office in the years 1909-1911 should be assessed on its own merit as Prairie School work of the first order by the design team headed by Marion Mahony under the auspices of von Holst.
Modern architectural critics have wondered in print why Wright selected an architect not known for the Prairie Style to supervise his office. However, even a cursory glace at his work both during and after supervising Wright's office shows an impressive collection of buildings contributing to the Prairie School's output in Chicago and the Midwest (see partial listing of work, below, especially the non-Wright work of 1910-1911).
While von Holst was supevising Wright's office, he and Lucy Edith Hammond were married. von Holst continued to practice in Chicago through the 1920s. He served as President of the Chicago Architectural League. For a time he shared a parntership with James L. Fyfe. He collaborated with George Grant Elmslie on a number of Prairie Style commercial and industrial structures, particularly a series of train stations and power company buildings. On June 10, 1928, Condell Memorial Hospital which von Host designed was dedicated in Libertyville, Illinois.
In Florida.
Von Holst was lured to Florida by the possibilities for work there during the land boom as well as the relief from Chicago winters. Practicing in Boca Raton, he was engaged in architecture and land development from the late 1920s onward.
In Boca Raton, von Holst headed a group that completed a subdivision of 29 Florida Spanish Revival homes named "Floresta" which means "a delightful rural place". In addition to designing many of the homes including his own ("Lavender House", circa 1928), von Holst named the suburb and named its streets for native Florida birds and plants, denoting an appreciation von Holst shared with noted Florida artists Sam Stoltz and Joy Postle (who drew von Holst's portrait). It was von Holst who brought the subdivision to completion following the Florida land bust.
Modern real estate agents in Boca Raton tend to mistakenly describe von Holst's residential work there as by the colorful, quixotic Addison Mizner. While Mizner did serve as the general contractor / developer of "Floresta" the architectural plans for these homes were von Holst's. Moreover, Mizner defaulted on payments to contractors, was successfully sued by von Holst, et al., and thereafter von Holst took chief responsibility for its success. Lucy von Holst, along with the wives of their two remaining partners (John Verhoeven and Fred Aiken), prepared unsold homes for stylish winter rentals for snowbirds. The true story of old "Floresta" has been carefully documented by Dr. Donald W. Curl in the journal of the Boca Raton Historical Society.
von Holst retired from architecture in 1932. He was chairman of the Boca Raton Town Planning Board in 1940. von Holst served on the Boca Raton Council from 1934–1947 and again in 1948-1949 and was granted honorary life membership on the board in 1953.
Publications.
In conjunction with his architectural practice and teaching, von Holst published works on architecture, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19758285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758285" title="Lekhgaun, Bheri">
Lekhgaun, Bheri

Lekhgaun, Bheri is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3999 people living in 651 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758290" title="Lekhparajul">
Lekhparajul

Lekhparajul is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4567 people living in 739 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758292" title="Mary Ann Müller">
Mary Ann Müller

Mary Ann Müller (born Mary Ann Wilson in 1819 or 1820 in London, died July 18, 1901 in Blenheim) was a New Zealand campaigner for women's suffrage and, more generally, women's rights. She is described by the "Dictionary of New Zealand Biography" as "New Zealand's pioneer suffragist".
She moved to New Zealand with her two sons in 1849. It is uncertain whether she was a widow or whether she had left her husband on account of his cruelty. She worked for two years as a teacher in Nelson and married her second husband, Stephen Lunn Müller, a surgeon and a fellow immigrant from Britain, there in 1851. Her first husband is known to have been dead by this point.
In 1864, she met British women's rights advocate Maria Rye, who was visiting New Zealand. Müller began to closely follow feminist movements in Britain and the United States. She also began to write articles on the topic of women's rights, which her friend Charles Elliott, the editor of the "Nelson Examiner", published in his newspaper. Müller wrote under the pen name "Fémmina", primarily because her husband, a local politician, objected to her views.
In 1869, still under a pseudonym, she wrote "An appeal to the men of New Zealand", the first pamphlet on the issue of women's suffrage ever to be published in New Zealand. Müller's argument was that it was necessary for women to obtain the vote in order for them to contribute fully to the progress of the nation. She also asked for the repeal of discriminatory legislation, and appealed to men -particularly members of Parliament- to take up the cause of women's suffrage. According to the "Encyclopedia of New Zealand (1966)", her pamphlet "created considerable interest both in New Zealand and abroad". She received a letter of support and congratulations from John Stuart Mill. Unwilling, because of her husband's position, to become a public activist, Müller nonetheless met William Fox in private to discuss her views. According to the Brooklyn Museum, "the "Married Women's Property Act" of 1870 incorporated many of her ideas".
She revealed her identity only in 1898, seven years after her husband's death.

</doc>
<doc id="19758297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758297" title="Maintada">
Maintada

Maintada is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6855 people living in 1564 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758302" title="Uttarganga">
Uttarganga

Uttarganga is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6704 people living in 1260 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758309" title="Malarani">
Malarani

Malarani is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4170 people living in 678 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758314" title="1974 Australian Grand Prix">
1974 Australian Grand Prix

The 1974 Australian Grand Prix was a Formula 5000 race held at Oran Park Raceway on November 17, 1974.
It was the thirty-ninth Australian Grand Prix and doubled as round five of the 1974 Australian Drivers' Championship. Australian driver Max Stewart won his first AGP, ahead of John McCormack and Graeme Lawrence.
Classification.
Results were as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19758322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758322" title="Matela, Bheri">
Matela, Bheri

Matela is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4049 people living in 638 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758325" title="Arłamów">
Arłamów

Arłamów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758327" title="Bandrów Narodowy">
Bandrów Narodowy

Bandrów Narodowy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has an approximate population of 500.

</doc>
<doc id="19758328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758328" title="Brelików">
Brelików

Brelików () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758330" title="Brzegi Dolne">
Brzegi Dolne

Brzegi Dolne () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758334" title="Dźwiniacz Dolny">
Dźwiniacz Dolny

Dźwiniacz Dolny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately five kilometers (three miles) north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and seventy-five kilometers (forty-seven miles) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of about four hundred.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758335" title="Grąziowa">
Grąziowa

Grąziowa () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 22.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758339" title="Hoszowczyk">
Hoszowczyk

Hoszowczyk () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758341" title="Mehelkuna">
Mehelkuna

Mehelkuna is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7649 people living in 1404 individual households Ravindra Khatri was born here in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19758342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758342" title="Jałowe">
Jałowe

Jałowe () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758345" title="Jamna Dolna">
Jamna Dolna

Jamna Dolna () is a non-existing village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758348" title="Jamna Górna">
Jamna Górna

Jamna Górna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758349" title="Jureczkowa">
Jureczkowa

Jureczkowa () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758351" title="Neta, Bheri">
Neta, Bheri

Neta, Bheri is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3106 people living in 473 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758352" title="Krościenko, Bieszczady County">
Krościenko, Bieszczady County

Krościenko () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 590.

</doc>
<doc id="19758353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758353" title="Kwaszenina">
Kwaszenina

Kwaszenina () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758355" title="Leszczowate">
Leszczowate

Leszczowate () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758356" title="Liskowate">
Liskowate

Liskowate (, "Liskuvate") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland, near the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758360" title="Pamka">
Pamka

Pamka is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1981 people living in 287 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758361" title="Drexel Park (SEPTA station)">
Drexel Park (SEPTA station)

Drexel Park (a.k.a.; Fairfax Road) is a stop along SEPTA's Media-Sharon Hill Trolley Lines in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. It is located on Fairfax Road between Hillcrest and Garrett Roads, and serves both Routes 101 and 102. Only local service is provided on both lines.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and either Orange Street in Media, Pennsylvania for the Route 101 line, or Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania for the Route 102 line. Despite the name, the closest thing to a park at this stop is located further north at Arlington Cemetery of Drexel Hill. Because the stop is in a residential area, there is no parking available.
This community was named as one of the top ten neighborhoods in the Philadelphia area by PhillyMag.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19758362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758362" title="Łobozew Dolny">
Łobozew Dolny

Łobozew Dolny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758364" title="Łobozew Górny">
Łobozew Górny

Łobozew Górny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758366" title="Łodyna">
Łodyna

Łodyna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758368" title="Pokharikanda">
Pokharikanda

Pokharikanda is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2669 people living in 431 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758370" title="Moczary, Bieszczady County">
Moczary, Bieszczady County

Moczary (, "Mochary") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, near the border with the Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 300.

</doc>
<doc id="19758371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758371" title="Nowosielce Kozickie">
Nowosielce Kozickie

Nowosielce Kozickie (, "Novosil’tsi Kozyts’ki") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758373" title="Ropienka">
Ropienka

Ropienka (, "Ropenka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 12.
History.
As a result of the first of Partitions of Poland (Treaty of St-Petersburg dated 5 July 1772, Ropienka (and the Galicia) was attributed to the Habsburg Monarchy.
For more details, see the article Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria.
A post-office was opened in 1890, in the Lisko district.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758376" title="Rajeni">
Rajeni

Rajeni is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2730 people living in 430 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758379" title="Równia, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Równia, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Równia (, "Rivnia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758382" title="Serednica">
Serednica

Serednica (, "Serednytsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758386" title="Rakam">
Rakam

Rakam is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2363 people living in 423 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758388" title="Stańkowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Stańkowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Stańkowa (, "Stankova") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758390" title="Teleśnica Oszwarowa">
Teleśnica Oszwarowa

Teleśnica Oszwarowa () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758393" title="Ramghat, Bheri">
Ramghat, Bheri

Ramghat is a Village Development Committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5581 people residing in 1060 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19758395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758395" title="Trójca, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Trójca, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Trójca (, "Triitsia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758397" title="Trzcianiec">
Trzcianiec

Trzcianiec (, "Trostianets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758399" title="Ustjanowa Dolna">
Ustjanowa Dolna

Ustjanowa Dolna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758400" title="Ustjanowa Górna">
Ustjanowa Górna

Ustjanowa Górna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 640.

</doc>
<doc id="19758402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758402" title="Wojtkowa">
Wojtkowa

Wojtkowa (, "Viitkova") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758403" title="Ranibas, Bheri">
Ranibas, Bheri

Ranibas is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2695 people living in 443 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758404" title="Wojtkówka">
Wojtkówka

Wojtkówka (, "Viitivka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758405" title="Wola Romanowa">
Wola Romanowa

Wola Romanowa (, "Romanova Volia") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758407" title="Zadwórze">
Zadwórze

Zadwórze (, "Zadvirya") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758412" title="Zawadka, Bieszczady County">
Zawadka, Bieszczady County

Zawadka (, "Zavadka") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758413" title="Ratu, Nepal">
Ratu, Nepal

Ratu is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1458 people living in 248 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758414" title="Uptown... It's Hot!">
Uptown... It's Hot!

"Uptown... It's Hot!" was a 1986 Broadway play created, directed, choreographed by and starring Maurice Hines. Performed at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, the play was a musical anthology chronicling the history of African-American music in the United States.
Although the music garnered praise, the play received generally unfavorable reviews. "New York Times" critic Frank Rich called it "the theatrical equivalent of a telephone-booth-stuffing contest" and "an orgy of grotesque and sometimes necrophiliac mimicry." The play did, however, earn Hines a Tony Award nomination for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical. 
"Uptown... It's Hot!" ran from January 28 to February 16, 1986, ending its run after 24 performances.

</doc>
<doc id="19758426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758426" title="Marginal cost of public funds">
Marginal cost of public funds

The marginal cost of public funds (MCF) is a a concept in public finance which measures the loss incurred by society in raising additional revenues to finance government spending due to the distortion of resource allocation caused by taxation. 
Formally, it is defined as the ratio of the marginal value of a monetary unit raised by the government and the value of that marginal private monetary unit. The applications of the marginal cost of public funds include the Samuelson condition for the optimal provision of public goods and the optimal corrective taxation of externalities in public economic theory, the determination of tax-smoothing policy rules in normative public debt analysis and social cost-benefit analysis common in practical policy analysis.
History.
The initial statement of the MCF problem is generally attributed to Pigou (1947), who stressed the application of the cost-benefit rule to the financing of public spending. Later, the modification of the Samuelson rule for the optimal provision of public services through the inclusion of a measure of the MCF performed by Stiglitz and Dasgupta (1971), Diamond and Mirrlees (1971) and Atkinson and Stern (1974) proved to be a theoretical milestone. Complementary, Harberger's (1964, 1971) contributions on the issue of excess burden measurement further influenced the development of the MCF concept, though he focused on the average excess burden (AEB) rather than on the MEB. The first attempt at measuring the MEB is commonly attributed to Campbell (1975).
Measurement of the MCF, however, was first attempted by Browning (1976), although the inclusion of "substitution effects" impairs his exercise.
Conceptual Foundations.
The theoretical foundations of the MCF can be found in the excess burden of taxation as measured by equivalent variation, compensating variation and consumer surplus. Relatedly, the social MCF is the basis for the conditions of an optimal tax system and optimal spending on public services. Thus, the outcome of a tax reform can be calculated using pre- and post-reform MCFs as well as price indices. Practically, MCFs can be calculated based on the tax rate and the elasticities of demand and supply. It is consequently related to the (compensating variation-based) marginal excess burden of taxation (MEB), but is comparatively superior in terms of policy analysis.
It is not a net cost, as it isolates the revenue side from the expenditure side of government. To arrive at the net cost/benefit, the MCP must be deducted from the Fiscal multiplier. For microeconomic analysis, the social weights attributable to the origin and destination unit equally affect the net total. 
According to Dahlby (2008), while a substantial literature on the marginal cost of public funds (MCF) has emerged over the last twenty years, much of this literature is fragmented because authors have used different measures for the MCF, or its associated concept, the marginal excess burden (MEB).
Criticism.
Jacobs identifies four problems with respect to the marginal cost of public funds: (1) The lack of consensus in the literature on a common definition of the MCF, notably the dichotomy between the Pigou-Harberger-Browning (PHB) approach using compensated wage elasticities of labor supply and the Atkinson-Stern-Ballard-Fullerton (ASBF) approach using uncompensated wage elasticities of labor supply. (2) Contradicting intuition, standard MCF measures are unequal to one for non-distortionary lump-sum taxes. (3) The normalization of the tax system influences the MCF for both lump-sum and distortionary taxation. (4) Most MCF concepts ignore the reasons for distortionary taxes, namely, redistributional benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="19758430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758430" title="Sahare, Bheri">
Sahare, Bheri

Sahare is a Village Development Committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7297 people residing in 1318 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="19758437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758437" title="Salkot">
Salkot

Salkot is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5027 people living in 868 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758444" title="Satokhani">
Satokhani

Satokhani is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6426 people living in 1092 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758449" title="Taranga, Nepal">
Taranga, Nepal

Taranga is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3917 people living in 708 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758451" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's K-2 1000 metres

The men's K-2 1000 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program. The official report did not make clear on the third repechage, two semifinals, and final which events were the men's K-2 1000 m event and the men's K-4 1000 m event and would thus create confusion to the average reader.
Results.
Heats.
27 crews entered in four heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals. One crew did not finish while the remaining teams were relegated to the repechages.
Repechages.
The top three crews in each of the three repechages and the fastest fourth-place finsher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final. 
Final.
The final was held on August 8.

</doc>
<doc id="19758454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758454" title="The New Pupil">
The New Pupil

The New Pupil is a 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 190th "Our Gang" short that was released.
Plot.
Sally (Juanita Quigley) is a new student at the school that the gang goes to. Upon Sally's arrival, Alfalfa and Spanky literally fall over each other trying to get her attention, leaving the gang's traditional sweetheart Darla in the lurch. But when it turns out that Sally cannot stand either one of the boys, she and Darla cook up a scheme to dampen their romantic aspirations.

</doc>
<doc id="19758455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758455" title="Tatopani, Surkhet">
Tatopani, Surkhet

Tatopani is a village development committee in Surkhet District in the Bheri Zone of mid-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3973 people living in 759 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19758462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758462" title="Sulk (band)">
Sulk (band)

Sulk was a critically acclaimed Canadian pop/rock/dance music group featuring vocalist Sherrie Lea (Laird) and producer/songwriter Blair O'Halloran. Sulk recorded 2 full length CDs and 1 EP. With videos airing on Much Music, Much More Music, as an independent band, Sulk quickly garnered the attention of the music industry. Sulk's breakthrough was with the song "Don't Tell Me", which also won songwriting awards in Canada. Sulk's most noted success was with the release of the dance track "Only You", that became an international dance club staple in 2001. 
After the release of their final CD, Sherrie Lea continued releasing dance tracks for Hi-Bias Records. Currently, Sherrie Lea is the vocalist of the rock group Pandamonia. Producer Blair O'Halloran is currently working with the artist Alissa oh.

</doc>
<doc id="19758483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758483" title="Academic American Encyclopedia">
Academic American Encyclopedia

"Academic American Encyclopedia" is a 21-volume general English-language encyclopedia published in 1980. It was first produced by Arête Publishing, the American subsidiary of the Dutch publishing company VNU (later acquired by Nielsen Media Research in 1999).
Grolier acquired the encyclopedia in 1982. It has also been published under the names "Grolier Academic Encyclopedia", "Grolier International Encyclopedia", "Lexicon Universal Encyclopedia", "Macmillan Family Encyclopedia", "Barnes & Noble New American Encyclopedia", and "Global International Encyclopedia".
An abridged version was known as the "Grolier Encyclopedia of Knowledge".
The full text of the encyclopedia was available to 200 homes in Columbus, Ohio in 1980, as part of an experiment sponsored by OCLC. A year later, the text was available to subscribers of "The New York Times" Information Bank, the Dow Jones News/Retrieval and CompuServe.
Arête Publishing's interactive version, including illustrations, video and audio stored on videodisk was shown at the Frankfurt Book Fair in 1982.
Grolier published the text-only 1985 CD-ROM "The New Grolier Electronic Encyclopedia", based on the "Academic American Encyclopedia", which comprised 30,000 entries and 9 million words.
In 1990, when it was called The New Grolier Electronic Encyclopedia (1988–1991), still pictures were added. This evolved into the 1992 "The New Grolier Multimedia Encyclopedia", later named the "Grolier Multimedia Encyclopedia".
The CD-ROM version features a search function and offers the complete text of the "Academic American Encyclopedia", including illustrations, photographs, animated maps, music and videos.

</doc>
<doc id="19758487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758487" title="Crashpad">
Crashpad

A crashpad is a location used by airline employees for temporary lodging and is not generally used a permanent domicile or permanent place of residence. A crashpad is strictly a place one can use to rest, eat meals, clean-up ones self and their clothes before returning to work.
Since many employees have been displaced due to airline deregulation and current nature of the business (circa 9/11/2011) many are based at an airport other than the location in which they live. A crashpad is used for resting and sleeping when commuting before or after a trip, or working a shift or shift(s). Single-family homes, apartments, and hotels are common dwellings that airline employees use as a crashpad.
Crashpad rent is typically collected on a monthly basis.
A typical bedroom in a crashpad might include two to six people via bunkbeds. Beds can be either assigned permanently or made available on a first-come-first-serve basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19758508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758508" title="Italian Senate election in Lombardy, 2008">
Italian Senate election in Lombardy, 2008

Lombardy renewed its delegation to the Italian Senate on April 13, 2008. This election was a part of national Italian general election of 2008 even if, according to the Italian Constitution, every senatorial challenge in each Region is a single and independent race.
The election was won by the centre-right coalition between The People of Freedom and Lega Nord, as it happened at the national level. The People of Freedom was the largest party in the election with 34%, ahead of the Democratic Party (28%) and Lega Nord (21%). All provinces gave a majority or a plurality to the new Italian Prime Minister.
Electoral law.
The new electoral law for the Senate was established in 2005 by the "Calderoli Law", and it is a form of semi-proportional representation. A party presents its own closed list and it can join other parties in alliances. The coalition which receives a plurality automatically wins at least 26 seats. Respecting this condition, seats are divided between coalitions, and subsequently to party lists, using the largest remainder method with a Hare quota. To receive seats, a party must overcome the barrage of 8% of the vote if it contests a single race, or of 3% of the vote if it runs in alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19758537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758537" title="List of people from Folkestone">
List of people from Folkestone

Folkestone is a town and seaside resort in Kent, England. The following is a list of those people who were either born or live in Folkestone, or had some important contribution to make to the town.
Notable people from Folkestone.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19758552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758552" title="Riaz">
Riaz

Riaz is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.
History.
Riaz is first mentioned in 900 as "Villa Roda". The municipality was formerly known by its German name "Zum Rad", however, that name is no longer used.
Geography.
Riaz has an area, , of . Of this area, or 62.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 25.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 12.2% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.1% is either rivers or lakes. 
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 7.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.3%. Out of the forested land, 23.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.2% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 16.2% is used for growing crops and 35.1% is pastures and 10.7% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Gruyère district and neighbors the district capital of Bulle. The village of Riaz is located along the Bulle-Fribourg road.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a Wheel argent."
Demographics.
Riaz has a population () of . , 12.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2000–2010) the population has changed at a rate of 29.1%. Migration accounted for 25.3%, while births and deaths accounted for 7.9%. 
Most of the population () speaks French (1,520 or 92.2%) as their first language, German is the second most common (55 or 3.3%) and Portuguese is the third (16 or 1.0%). There are 8 people who speak Italian and 2 people who speak Romansh.
, the population was 49.2% male and 50.8% female. The population was made up of 879 Swiss men (41.9% of the population) and 153 (7.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 928 Swiss women (44.3%) and 137 (6.5%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality, 378 or about 22.9% were born in Riaz and lived there in 2000. There were 807 or 49.0% who were born in the same canton, while 200 or 12.1% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 212 or 12.9% were born outside of Switzerland. 
, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 26.9% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 62.6% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 10.6%. 
, there were 721 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 778 married individuals, 78 widows or widowers and 71 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 637 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. There were 167 households that consist of only one person and 61 households with five or more people. , a total of 622 apartments (89.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 57 apartments (8.2%) were seasonally occupied and 14 apartments (2.0%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 17.9 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.11%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Gallo-Roman villa at L’Etrey and the Paysanne House are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2011 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 25.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (25.6%), the FDP (18.6%) and the CVP (17.0%). 
The SVP received about the same percentage of the vote as they did in the 2007 Federal election (25.3% in 2007 vs 25.6% in 2011). The SPS moved from third in 2007 (with 21.5%) to second in 2011, the FDP moved from fourth in 2007 (with 17.5%) to third and the CVP moved from second in 2007 (with 24.8%) to fourth. A total of 684 votes were cast in this election, of which 12 or 1.8% were invalid.
Economy.
, Riaz had an unemployment rate of 3.1%. , there were 36 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 14 businesses involved in this sector. 132 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 16 businesses in this sector. 747 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 49 businesses in this sector. There were 877 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.8% of the workforce. 
, there were 376 workers who commuted into the municipality and 682 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6% used public transportation to get to work, and 77.7% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,382 or 83.9% were Roman Catholic, while 72 or 4.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 15 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.91% of the population), there was 1 individual who belongs to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 4 individuals (or about 0.24% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 37 (or about 2.25% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 2 individuals who were Hindu. 88 (or about 5.34% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 49 individuals (or about 2.97% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Riaz about 576 or (35.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 200 or (12.1%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 200 who completed tertiary schooling, 65.5% were Swiss men, 19.5% were Swiss women, 8.0% were non-Swiss men and 7.0% were non-Swiss women. 
The Canton of Fribourg school system provides one year of non-obligatory Kindergarten, followed by six years of Primary school. This is followed by three years of obligatory lower Secondary school where the students are separated according to ability and aptitude. Following the lower Secondary students may attend a three or four year optional upper Secondary school. The upper Secondary school is divided into gymnasium (university preparatory) and vocational programs. After they finish the upper Secondary program, students may choose to attend a Tertiary school or continue their apprenticeship. 
During the 2010-11 school year, there were a total of 230 students attending 16 classes in Riaz. A total of 415 students from the municipality attended any school, either in the municipality or outside of it. There were 3 kindergarten classes with a total of 49 students in the municipality. The municipality had 8 primary classes and 156 students. During the same year, there were no lower secondary classes in the municipality, but 79 students attended lower secondary school in a neighboring municipality. There were no upper Secondary classes or vocational classes, but there were 38 upper Secondary students and 86 upper Secondary vocational students who attended classes in another municipality. The municipality had 5 special Tertiary classes, with 25 specialized Tertiary students. 
, there were 21 students in Riaz who came from another municipality, while 152 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="19758570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758570" title="Goin' Fishin'">
Goin' Fishin'

"Goin' Fishin'" is a 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 191st "Our Gang" short (192nd episode, 103rd talking short, 104th talking episode, and 23rd MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Hoping to get an early start on a fishing trip to the East River, the gang boards a double-decker bus at the crack of dawn. Alas, the kids' bulky fishing equipment causes nothing but discomfort for the rest of the passengers, to say nothing of the irascible bus conductor. Thanks to the gang's unintentional interference, the bus' regular pick-up and drop-off schedule is thoroughly disrupted, and even worse, it turns out that the kids are on the wrong bus.

</doc>
<doc id="19758571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758571" title="John Case (athlete)">
John Case (athlete)

John Ruggles Case (March 31, 1889 – January 20, 1975) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Evanston, Illinois and died in Oceanside, California.
In 1912 he finished fourth in the 110 metre hurdles competition.
His career came to an unfortunate end in 1959 when his left leg fell off as a result of a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19758579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758579" title="Dublin Tourism">
Dublin Tourism

Dublin Tourism was established by Bord Failte, (now Failte Ireland) as the agency with responsibility for the servicing, development and promotion of tourism in the Dublin Region. Dublin Tourism is a state appointed commercial agency and the only regional tourist authority in Ireland.
The principal mission of the authority is to enhance Dublin’s economy through tourism development by marketing the Dublin region on a world wide basis, as a premier destination for the business and leisure traveller. As a result Dublin Tourism promotes a range of products within the tourism industry. These include hotels, museums, attractions, tours, concerts, and events. Dublin based tourism companies are offered the opportunity to become partners, so that they may advertise within Dublin Tourism offices. There are a host of Dublin Tourism partners, such as Pat Liddy's Walking Tours , Viking Splash Tours and Walkabout Wicklow, all of whom offer Day Tours from Dublin City. 
During 2007, Dublin attracted 5.575 million visitors in total. 
Dublin Tourism operates a network of 4 Tourist Information Offices and 5 Visitor Attractions throughout the Dublin region.

</doc>
<doc id="19758603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758603" title="Hidalgo del Parral Municipality">
Hidalgo del Parral Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 103,519. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 112 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19758604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758604" title="European Parliament election, 2004 (Lombardy)">
European Parliament election, 2004 (Lombardy)

The European Parliament election of 2004 took place on 12 -13 June 2004.
The Olive Tree was the most voted list in Lombardy with 26.3%, followed by Forza Italia (25.7%) and Lega Lombarda–Lega Nord (13.8%).
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19758612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758612" title="Pearl Continental Bhurban">
Pearl Continental Bhurban

The Pearl Continental Bhurban, usually shortened to PC Bhurban, is a member of Pearl Continental Hotel chain in Pakistan. It is located in the town of Bhurban in Murree, which is famous for its scenic beauty. This place is a popular summer resort for the residents of Islamabad and nearby cities. In August 2008 the Punjab government levied a toll on vehicles entering the hotel, this has angered tourists who have harangued the toll collectors. Local politicians have opposed the imposition of the toll including the Nazims of Rawat, Numbal and Phagwari.
Location.
PC Bhurban is located at approximately 13 km from Murree Hills and two hours' drive from Islamabad.
Bhurban Accord.
This place received much media coverage, locally and internationally, when on March 8, 2008 a political agreement was signed by the two political parties Pakistan Peoples Party and Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) here. According to the Bhurban Accord, also known as the Murree Declaration, the two political parties decided to restore the judiciary to pre-Nov 3 position.

</doc>
<doc id="19758632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758632" title="Anneliese Heard">
Anneliese Heard

Anneliese Heard (born 3 November 1981) is a Welsh triathlete from Bassaleg near Newport, Wales.
She competed in her first triathlon at the age of eight, winning the Cannock Chase under nine category. She was crowned British Juvenile Champion at the age of 12. She became World Junior Champion in 1999 and 2000. Her Commonwealth Games debut came in Manchester in 2002 where she finished ninth. She was also present at the launch a set of stamps by the Royal Mail, featuring swimming, cycling and track, prior to the Games. Her performances were affected by injury in 2004 and 2005.
Anneliese was again a member of the Welsh triathlon team at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, Australia, this time she finished eleventh. She turned to professional cycling in 2007, riding for the same team as Nicole Cooke, the Swiss Univega Raleigh Lifeforce Pro Cycling Team.
Heard is one of many athletes working with Super Schools to inspire children to take up sport. A qualified coach, she is worked for Welsh Cycling as a coach coordinator then talent development coach. 
Anneliese then started working for England Athletics in 2012 as Club and Coach Support Officer.

</doc>
<doc id="19758645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758645" title="Alexandra Burke">
Alexandra Burke

Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewen Burke (born 25 August 1988) is a British recording artist and songwriter. Burke was exposed to music from an early age, with her mother being the lead singer of Soul II Soul. Burke rose to fame after winning the fifth series of British television series "The X Factor" in 2008, becoming the first of two winners to be mentored by Cheryl Cole. Burke currently stands as one of the most successful winners of "The X Factor". She was previously signed to three record labels: Epic Records, RCA Records and Syco Music, until she departed in June 2013 due to creative differences. Burke's net worth is $8,000,000, making her the second highest-earning "X Factor" winner, behind Leona Lewis.
After winning "The X Factor", Burke released the winner's single "Hallelujah", which became the European record holder for single sales over a period of 24 hours, selling 105,000 in one day until it was overtaken by her "X Factor" mentor Cheryl Cole with her debut solo single "Fight for This Love". The song also became the top-selling single of 2008 in the UK and the UK's Christmas 2008 number one. By January 2009, the single had sold over 1 million copies in the UK alone, a first for a British female soloist. In 2009, Burke released her debut album, "Overcome", which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and spawned four number-one singles on the UK Singles Chart and the Irish Singles Chart—"Hallelujah", "Bad Boys", selling over 780,000 copies in the UK and becoming a Platinum selling single, "All Night Long" and "Start Without You"—and the album became one of the most successful albums of that year in the UK, the singles released from the album earned her three BRIT Award nominations. The album also saw the release of UK top 10 hit, "Broken Heels" and "The Silence". In late 2010, Burke decided to release "Overcome: Deluxe Edition". "Overcome" and the six singles released from the album have sold over four million record in the UK alone. "Elephant" was released as Burke's comeback single in February 2012, which became a hit single, with a peak position of number three in the UK. "Let It Go" served as the second single and Burke's second album, "Heartbreak on Hold", was released in June 2012.
Burke is heavily involved with charities and is a known supporter for "No Child Born to Die", "Help for Heroes" and "The Royal British Legion" and has been involved in two number-one charity singles on the UK and Irish Singles Charts, this includes "Hero" (2008) with her fellow "X Factor Finalists" and then again as part of a celebrity super group, Helping Haiti and released "Everybody Hurts" (2010), Burke thought that she was not doing enough for the Haitian people and travelled to Haiti to give them clothes and food. She has endorsed brands including, Sure Women, Nintendo DS and signed a major six-figure contract to endorse Dolce & Gabbana and in 2010, Burke also signed a contract with IMG Models as a Model. In early 2011, Burke began her solo tour, "All Night Long Tour" and she was also invited to perform on Beyoncé's "I Am... Tour". Burke was the first and only "X Factor contestant" to have a judging role, when she became a guest judge on BBC's "So You Think You Can Dance UK". She later became the first contestant of "The X Factor" to return to the show as a judge, when she joined the show as a guest judge during the Eighth series live finals.
Life and career.
Early life and career beginnings.
Burke was born in Islington, London, United Kingdom on 25 August 1988, and is the daughter of Melissa Bell. Her mother was a soul and R&B singer, and was a member of band Soul II Soul, who enjoyed success with several number-one singles and albums. She is of African, Dougla, Jamaican, and Irish descent. Although her mother was in a band, she was under investigation of suspicion benefit fraud. Her mother said that she has not done a professional gig for years, and has never claimed benefits when she did. Burke has three other siblings, Sheneice, David, and Aaron. Burke attracted the names Cecelia Ewen as they are also her mothers middle names, her sister, Sheneice also shares these names. Burke said that she had to grow up very fast, at a very young age as her mother was always touring with her band and that she had to look after her young brother, which included taking him and picking him up from school. Burke's parents broke up in 1992, while she was still young, but the pair remain close friends for their children.
Burke began dance classes at a very early age, and began singing when she was as young as five years old. She went onto to sing on stage at the Bahrain when she was only nine years old, where she sang with her mother, who was still in band Soul II Soul. When she was aged twelve, Burke entered the television talent show, "Star for a Night" she became the youngest person in the competition. Throughout the competition, she was the runner-up after she was beaten for the winners title by Joss Stone. Still at the age of twelve, her mother put her in contact with Stevie Wonder who rang Burke and she sang down the phone to him. Her mother, Bell, also asked her to sing to Jean Carne who was said to be very impressed by Burke's vocals that she asked her to perform with her at one of her shows the next night. Burke attended Elizabeth Garrett Anderson School in Islington, Angel where she worked for her GCSEs, once she achieved her GCSEs Burke left school to pursue a career in the music industry. Before Burke was successful on "The X Factor" she had been working as a singer, gigging at weekends in popular night clubs. She also went on tour with "Young Voices", a charity that raises money for children with leukemia, where she performed at large venues such as the Royal Albert Hall.
2005–09:"The X Factor" era.
Burke auditioned for the second series of "The X Factor" in 2005 (which was eventually won by Shayne Ward). She made it through to the final seven in Louis Walsh's 16–24 category, effectively the top 21 of the competition; however, Walsh did not choose her for his final four as he felt that she was too young for the competition. Burke however did not give up and went on to seek professional singing lessons over the next three years, proving her dedication and commitment to becoming a popstar.
Burke's second bid to win "The X Factor" came in 2008. Falling into the "Girls" category, she was mentored by Girls Aloud's Cheryl Cole who selected her for the finals—a series of ten weekly live shows in which contestants are progressively eliminated by public vote. On the first live show, Burke performed Whitney Houston's classic "I Wanna Dance with Somebody". For the second live show she covered "I'll Be There" by The Jackson 5. In week three, big band week, Burke performed Christina Aguilera's "Candyman" and received her first standing ovation. For the disco-themed fourth live show, Burke performed Donna Summer's "On the Radio". During Mariah Carey week on 8 November, Burke and the other finalists met Carey for individual masterclasses, with Carey complimenting Burke on her voice. Burke performed "Without You" and received a standing ovation from the judges who all gave her positive comments. Cowell commented that "by any standard, that was just outstanding". Following the show Burke's performance was also praised by Carey who called her rendition of the song "absolutely amazing". In weeks 6 and 7, Burke received positive comments from the judging panel for her performances of "You are so Beautiful" and Dan Hartman's "Relight My Fire" (the popularity of which in the UK is mostly a result of Take That's 1993 revival thereof). Week 8 saw her replace Diana Vickers as the bookies' favourite after performing Britney Spears' "Toxic" and Beyoncé' "Listen", for which she received yet another standing ovation. In week 9, Burke performed Rihanna's hit song "Don't Stop the Music" and again received positive comments, with Louis calling her "the British Beyoncé" and Simon commenting "...We may be seeing the birth of a star here [...] you've got it all, that was a terrific performance".
Burke was joined in the grand final by Irish teenager Eoghan Quigg and boyband JLS. The three finalists were required to sing three songs – a Christmas song, a duet with an established music artist, and the song from their favourite performance of the series. Her Christmas song was an adaptaition of "Silent Night". She then sang "Listen" as a duet with Beyoncé (who later performed her UK number-one single "If I Were a Boy"), and after performing with the American singer she proclaimed: "I have achieved a dream". Her final song before the first-round voting result was "You Are So Beautiful".
After the elimination of Quigg she sang what was to become her debut single, a 1984 song by Leonard Cohen, "Hallelujah", for the first time. Finally, with over eight million votes cast in total, Burke was revealed as the winner with 58% of the final vote. The single went on to become the Christmas number one of 2008, holding the top spot for three weeks and selling one million copies. There was also a campaign to take Jeff Buckley's cover of "Hallelujah" to the top of the Christmas chart to deny Burke the top spot. The campaign was fuelled by Jeff Buckley fans' dislike of "The X Factor"'s commercialism and the song's arrangement, as well as a desire by this contingent to introduce younger music fans to Buckley's version. Burke herself was not enamoured of the choice of song, and dismissed the original by remarking "It just didn’t do anything for me". As winner, Burke received a recording contract with record label, Syco, which is co-owned by Sony Music Entertainment. The contract had a stated value of £1 million, of which £150,000 was a cash advance and the remainder allocated to recording and marketing costs.
2009–10: "Overcome", international breakthrough and All Night Long tour.
On 13 February 2009 it was reported that Burke signed a £3.5 million, five-album US record deal with Epic Records. Burke's first album was originally scheduled for March 2009, however, Simon Cowell confirmed that her album was scheduled for release later in the year to allow Burke to polish her skills and find the right songs for the album, so that it would not be rushed. The album was released on 19 October 2009 in the UK, titled "Overcome". Burke's first commercial single from her debut album is titled "Bad Boys", which features Flo Rida. The single premiered in the UK on The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1 on 25 August 2009. On 18 October 2009, "Bad Boys" topped the UK Singles Chart.
After visiting Burke in the studio, Beyoncé spoke of possibly recording a duet with her and also asked for Burke to join her for Beyoncé's second European leg of her "I Am… Tour". "Bad Boys" was certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry on 7 January 2010. The single went onto be a big successful single in international territory.
A lot of people were comparing and still do compare Burke to the boy band JLS who finished second behind her in "The X Factor". Statistically, Burke is more successful than they are, but JLS are more popular with younger generation girls whilst Burke's fan base ranges from young to old. American rapper 50 Cent has expressed an interest in Burke, correctly predicting that she would win "The X Factor" and invited her to appear in an upcoming music video of his, most likely for a song from his upcoming album "Before I Self Destruct". On 19 July 2009, Burke confirmed that she had signed a six figure contract with Italian fashion designers Dolce & Gabbana, to become the face of a new fashion line. She will also model their clothes and accessories in her music videos. Burke performed on the Royal Variety Show on 7 December 2009.
It was confirmed by Burke on 17 November 2009, that "Broken Heels" would be the second commercial single, (third overall), from "Overcome". She also confirmed via her Official Twitter page that the video was shot in Los Angeles on 22 and 23 November 2009. On 18 January 2010, Burke began her European Promo Tour in Brussels, Belgium. On 12 March 2010, Burke confirmed on Twitter that "All Night Long" will be her new single, featuring Pitbull. She appeared on "Dancing on Ice" during the semi-final to perform "All Night Long".
On 29 April 2010, Burke entered FHM's poll for the world's top 100 sexiest women 2010 at number 75. This is her first appearance on the poll since she rose to fame in 2008. It has been since confirmed that Burke's next single will be a completely new song, "Start Without You", which is set to be released on 5 September 2010. The video for "Start Without You" debuted on 19 August through VEVO on later premiered on The BOX. The song was performed at T4 On The Beach on 4 July 2010, and later released internationally.
Additionally, Burke was announced as the first ever brand ambassador for Sure Women, for which she starred in a television advert. Burke gained her fifth consecutive top ten hit, and her third number one single, after "Start Without You" stormed to the top of the charts, beating Katy Perry to the top spot.
The re-packaged edition of "Overcome" is to be released of 29 November 2010. "Music Week" reports that the deluxe makeover includes three brand new tracks; "Perfect", "Before the Rain" and "What Happens On the Dancefloor" featuring Cobra Starship; as well as three number one and two Top 10 singles (including "Start Without You"). A DVD accompanies the release featuring seven videos, including an exclusive promo for the track "The Silence". The magazine also confirmed that Burke will promote the record with a performance on "The X Factor". A new track on the album was said to be a duet with "an amazing group", the group was later announced as Cobra Starship. On 25 October, Burke announced via her Twitter that a new version of "The Silence" will be the album's fifth commercial single being released in early December. The official music video for "The Silence" was released on 27 October 2010, via MSN Videos UK. It was confirmed that there would be no further singles from the album after "The Silence".
2010–12: New record deal and "Heartbreak on Hold".
Burke stated that her next album would get "down, raunchy and dirty", promising the record would take risks. Burke took a break from recording so that she could embark on her first headline concert tour, the All Night Long Tour and said she would continue recording two days after the tour ends. She worked with RedOne for a lot of the album, but also reunited with Bruno Mars, StarGate, Rico Love, Autumn Rowe and Ne-Yo, among others. Burke stated that she had recorded a duet, with an "amazing" artist. She said, she was working in the studio with songwriter, Autumn Rowe, and met him through Rowe and the duet just sort of "happened". Burke featured on Swizz Beatz new album, "Haute Living" on track "Show Off". In June it was reported that Burke had signed a record deal with RCA Records and the album will be jointly handled by the Syco and RCA Records. The album will be released in the United States after she signed a £3 million record deal with Epic Records. It was thought that Burke's album would be released just under RCA, however she said that the album would be jointly handled by RCA and SyCo. Burke said that she went to "writing camp" while she was in Los Angeles. She said that it is when lots of songwriters and music producers flew in to work with her. She also said that she wrote two or three songs a day for a couple of weeks. After writing camp, "the elephant in the room" was one of the phrases which she came up with, which a lot of Americans say, she explained: "It's about not discussing something you know needs to be discussed whether it's in a relationship or with friends or family," she said of the song. Burke got the idea of using the saying from when she was in writing camp with a lot of Americans.
Since April 2011, Burke has supported T4's "Battlefront" show, helping young campaigners Hope and Abby raise awareness about the organ donor register for their "Sign Up, Speak Up, Save Lives" project. Burke's lead single from the album titled "Elephant", which is produced by Erick Morillo, was released on 11 March 2012. It debuted and peaked at number-three on the UK Singles Chart. The second single from the album, "Let it Go", premièred on Kiss Radio on 13 April 2012. She announced in mid-April 2012 that her second studio album's title would be "Heartbreak on Hold" which was released on 4 June 2012. On 18 April 2012, she was confirmed for T4 On The Beach 2012. In February 2012, it was reported that Burke had left the Syco label to join RCA Records. In June 2012, Burke parted company with her management company. In October 2011, Burke joined Gary Barlow, Tulisa Contostavlos, and Louis Walsh on the judging panel as a guest judge at the live shows in series 8 and substituted for Kelly Rowland, who was not able to attend.
2012–present: Third studio album, U.S. launch and other projects.
In September 2012, it was revealed that Burke would take part in "Les Misérables" for Children in Need. Burke later announced that she was working on an album for a US release. Again in October 2012, Burke revealed that she was working on a follow-up album to "Heartbreak on Hold", which would be released in 2013. Burke said she wanted to go back to her original sound which was featured on her debut album, "Overcome". She told fans to expect "R&B bangers" on her third album. She revealed that she will make fans "proud". Simon Cowell asked Burke to record a version of "Live and Let Die" in order to use throughout the live shows of "The X Factor USA", when the judges are announced and walk out. In December 2012, Burke released her first holiday extended play, "Christmas Gift", which consisted a cover of "Silent Night" and a new track titled "Christmas Time".
On 10 February 2013, it was revealed that Burke was recording two new songs a night for her third album and aimed to have around 60 in total to choose from. She also revealed that she was recording the album in the states and at her home studio; "I've actually built a studio in my house, downstairs, I'm literally in it every day, recording, I'm flying to the states a lot, I've been in Los Angeles and New York a lot, and if the producers cant' fly to me I fly to them." On 13 February, she explained that her third album would focus on live instruments and would channel Soul music. On the same day, she revealed that she was taking acting classes and had hopes to purse a career in films, musicals, theater. On 25 March 2013, it was announced that Burke would perform a concert version of "Lady Sings the Blues" at the Royal Albert Hall between 4 and 8 June in the venue's Elgar Room but the shows were postponed. The concerts sold out in under a week. In May 2013, it was reported that Burke signed a deal with a US management company after impressing former Def Jam president Kevin Liles during a meeting with him in New York. In June 2013, Burke parted ways with her record label, RCA, over "differing views" between herself and the label regarding her third studio album.
Burke made her U.S. performance debut at Apollo Theater on 10 June 2013 as part of the line-up for The Apollo Theater Legends Hall of Fame 2013, honouring the induction of Chaka Khan. Burke shared the stage with other artists including Mary J. Blige, Patti LaBelle, and Jennifer Holliday. On 30 August, Burke released her second EP, "#NewRules". The EP contains 6 tracks, including a cover of Coldplay's "Fix You". On 20 November, Burke revealed that the lead single from her upcoming third record had been decided and a video was to be shot in the coming weeks. She previewed two new songs on her Facebook page on Christmas.
Artistry.
Music and voice.
Burke's music is contemporary R&B, however her music has a feature of soul and pop in her some of her songs. Burke's vocal range has been compared to Christina Aguilera, Lady Gaga, Whitney Houston and Beyoncé.
Since winning "The X Factor" and signing a record deal with Syco Music and recording her debut album "Overcome", Burke has been heavily involved in what type of music she records and releases. She said about being involved with the album's music: "I said to my manager I want my music to be fun, to be uplifting and to be bold. I want it to reflect my personality. I want it to be in your face, I want it to be a beast. I want it to be energetic and fun. When I record the ballads I want to cry. And if I go through a roller coaster recording this album then I want the listener to go through a roller coaster when they hear it." During her first studio album, the genre ranged from heavy R&B songs to dance-pop tracks, after she collaborated with dance production team RedOne, as well as working with Stargate and Ne-Yo. Burke labelled her first album as "very Americanised". "The Silence", Burke's sixth single from "Overcome" was a strong R&B ballad, and the song was inspired by her auntie's relationship with her boyfriend. She said: "My auntie was going through that situation and she came over to Los Angeles to spend some time with me and get away from her fella etc. And she was telling me about her situation and [...] why does he let the silence do the talking? Why doesn't he let you know how he feels? And then this song came about". Burke said that her first album's music was pop and R&B and she decided to do this type of music because "everyone expected her to do the opposite." She said that her voice will give the tracks soul, but the music is pop and R&B. Although Burke did not have any writing credits on her first album, during the production of her second studio album, "Heartbreak on Hold" she went to writing camp with many Americans. Burke has received co-writing credits on a number of songs on her second album. She said that she was going to get "down and dirty", "sexier", and a lot "fiercer". Burke also announced she wanted to take more risks on the second LP and that she was going to go "insane" on "Heartbreak on Hold". On her second album, Burke's album features electropop, R&B and electro house. She is the executive producer on her second album and she said what "she says, goes" but she will still take advice from her management.
Influences.
Burke's known influences in music include Beyoncé, Michael Jackson, Christina Aguilera, Aretha Franklin, Kelly Rowland and Whitney Houston. Burke has also listed Alicia Keys, John Legend and Mary J. Blige as an inspiration in music. Burke performed with Beyoncé during "The X Factor" (UK) 2008 final. When Burke welcomed Beyoncé to the stage she said "I cannot believe I am about to introduce this person, my hero, Beyoncé." Beyoncé later described Burke as a "superstar" and Burke has a "beautiful voice" as well as being a "beautiful young lady" and that Beyoncé was proud to sing with Burke. Burke later said that performing with Beyoncé made her "dreams come true". Beyoncé later announced her tour, "I Am... Tour" and that she hoped to see Burke again. Beyoncé later invited Burke to perform on her tour in May 2009, and she did. Simon Cowell dubbed the duet as "one of the most memorable moments in the history of "The X Factor". Burke later said that she took influence and inspiration on her debut tour, "All Night Long Tour" from Beyoncé and Jackson. Beyoncé and Burke remain close friends and after Beyoncé visited Burke in the studio, she spoke of possibly recording a duet with her. In February 2011, Burke said that she took inspiration and influence from Robin S., Donna Summer and her mother's band, Soul II Soul on her second LP. American rapper, 50 Cent is a known supporter and fan of Burke's predicting that she would win "The X Factor", he also asked her to feature a cameo in one of his upcoming music videos, as well as perform on a track from his "Before I Self Destruct". Swizz Beatz is a known fan of Burke's music, he invited Burke to perform on a track from his second studio album, "Haute Living" which the pair collaborated on track, "Show Off".
Other ventures.
Fashion lines.
In 2010, it was said that Burke and JLS who came second to Burke during "The X Factor" were in talks to release a clothing line together. JLS and Burke said that they have wanted to release a clothing line since before they were famous. The pair have been getting together and using ideas and inspiration which they have collected together over the years. It was later revealed that the company would be called "2KX" and the company would sell a range of men and women's clothing which could be worn casually during the day or for a dressed up night out. With the clothing range being sold exclusively at branches of USC around the United Kingdom and Ireland. "2KX" was released in Spring 2011 during a heat wave in the United Kingdom which raised sales of the company. In order to promote the company, both artists began wearing the clothing at gigs performances, music videos as well as Facebook page opening for the company, an official website launch and YouTube adds. JLS wore the clothes in their music video for "Love You More". Burke later signed a contract with IMG Models as a Model. Burke and JLS later completed a photoshoot wearing the clothing to promote the clothing range. In one of the images, the pair show their figures while they pose in their range of underwear. Another image shows the pair in clothing ranges which will be included in the Spring Collection. The company will accommodate for men and women, with JLS designing for the men and Burke designing for the women. The company will reflect their personal styles and their love for fashion. In January 2011, an interview with Burke she said; "We are eagerly waiting for the first stocks of the ultra-hyped men's and women's underwear range, due very soon." It was revealed that the Underwear Collection would launch in March 2011, and their Clothing Collection would be released in April 2011. The underwear which went on sale in March 2011, price ranged between £15 – £19 Burke said that they wanted to give the range a "reasonable price" which people would be able to afford. The dresses which Burke created were praised saying that she has marked her stylish fashion on the fashion range. Burke and JLS decided to release a t-shirt from the company, almost five month before the company was due to launch, however they were releasing the t-shirt for Charity in aid of Capital FM's "Help a Capital Child" The business' target aims was to raise £10,000 for charity by 1 January 2011. The t-shirts price were £15 with £1.50 from each sold t-shirt would go to the charity. The company did reach their target aims. The title of the company, "2KX" came about as the name stands for "2010" which was when the company was founded by Burke and JLS, and when the label was officially launched. 2K is the abbreviation for the year "2000" and "X" is the Roman numeral for 10. The company is based London, United Kingdom.
Reality television.
Burke first appeared on reality television when she took part in "Star for a Night"; she became the youngest person who was competing within the competition. Burke became the runner-up of the show and was beaten to the winner's title by Joss Stone. She later went on to audition for the "second series of "The X Factor" where she made it through all the way to the judges houses stage before mentor, Louis Walsh decided she was too young to continue in the competition. She later returned in "series five", was assigned Cheryl Cole as her mentor, and went onto win the competition, with 58% of the views votes. Burke returned to reality television on BBC when she assigned as a guest judge on "So You Think You Can Dance UK", a first for any "The X Factor" contestant as she was the first to have a judging role. Burke featured as a guest judge throughout a number of the Auditions and Choreography camp stages. It was revealed that BBC producers decided to cast Burke in as she had a big fanbase and the show's rating's were poor, in order to gain more views they asked Burke to become a guest judge. She later returned to "The X Factor" as a judge during "series eight" live finals. She took the place on the seat alongside, Burke's former series two mentor Louis Walsh, Gary Barlow and Tulisa Contostavlos. Burke was said to be really looking forward to be seeing what it's like to be on the otherside of the show, meaning what it will be like as a judge and not a contestant.
Philanthropy.
From a young age Burke has supported a number of Charities around the United Kingdom. Before Burke went onto audition for "The X Factor" and achieved a successful music career, Burke went on tour with band, Young Voices. Young Voice's was a band which goes on tour in order to help charity raise money for children with leukemia. Burke performed in large audience venues, such as the Royal Albert Hall before she made fame. Burke went on tour with her mothers band, Soul II Soul where Burke sang to raise money for charity. Burke's mother, Melissa Bell who got accused of benefit fraud, said that herself and Burke only do professional gigs together for charity. In 2008, while Burke was a contestant on "The X Factor" she and her fellow "series five contestants" released a cover of Mariah Carey's "Hero" for the Help for Heroes and The Royal British Legion charities. The release was backed by, and originally suggested by, "The Sun" newspaper. On 30 October 2008 it was announced that the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, Alistair Darling, would waive all tax on copies sold on the single. He said, "I support the efforts being made by the "X Factor" contestants and in recognition of that I'm proposing effectively to waive the VAT on the sale of these singles. We will do that by making a donation equivalent to the value of the VAT." Simon Cowell ordered the song to have a big "promotional push" in order for the song to top the UK Singles Chart, and the contestants performed the song live on "The X Factor" and again performed it with Carey herself. On 2 November 2008 it debuted atop of the UK Singles Chart, staying there for three consecutive weeks and becoming the fastest selling single of 2008. The song sold 100,000 copies in the first day of its release and 313,244 copies by the end of the week. It has sold over 770,000 copies and raised over one million pounds for Help For Heroes foundation. Many shops had to order urgent copies of the single due to high demand." It was listed as the second biggest single of 2008 and the nineteenth best selling single of the decade. The single sold 1.2 million copies within the UK getting certificated double platinum.
Following the 2010 Haiti earthquake, many celebrities, including Burke, wanted to help the suffering people of the country. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown asked Simon Cowell to arrange a charity single for the money to be donated to the country. It was confirmed that Cowell had asked Burke to sing on the charity single due to her big voice and fanbase. It was revealed that the song would be a cover of R.E.M's "Everybody Hurts", which Cowell choose the song himself as he thought the song's title was most relevant. Brown agreed to waive VAT on the single and R.E.M. agreed to waive all royalties. The celebrites would form a Super group and release the song under the name of "Helping Haiti". Proceeds from the single were split between "The Sun" Helping Haiti fund and the Disasters Emergency Committee. The song was premiered on radio stations nationally on 2 February 2010. The single was released both physically and digitally on 7 February 2010, with the physical release being brought forward by one day due to demand. The single became the fastest-selling charity record of the 21st century in Britain, 205,000 copies in its first two days in the United Kingdom, and 453,000 in its first week. Burke spoke about the charity single saying: "I hope the single raises lots of money. It's great that we can come together and do this. It's a very special song." Soon after the single was released, Burke announced that she would, in fact, travel to Haiti so she can physically help the Haitian people. As she said that singing two lines on a single doesn't mean that she has "really helped" and that she wanted to go out physically and help the kids. "I'm not a doctor, but I can give clothes, food and love. At least I'll be able to make a couple of kids smile." Burke visited and helped in the week beginning 8 February 2010, and posted two video blogs about her visit on YouTube. She later returned six months later to check the progress of the country after being a huge part in the "Save the Children" charity campaign. Burke was confirmed to join various female celebrities to join the Peru Inca Trail Hike for Breast Cancer Care, along with Fearne Cotton, Denise Van Outen, and Holly Willoughby. In January 2011, Burke helped to launch Save the Children UK's No Child Born To Die campaign. The campaign aims to reduce child mortality over the next five years.
In October 2012, Alexandra performed at actor Samuel L. Jackson's launch of the charity Shooting Stars in London. Later that same month, Burke performed for the Great Ormond Street Hospital's Friendship Ball which was held in England. Also in the same month, Burke performed for "Breast Cancer Care" and was announced as the charities most recent celebrity supporter. Burke took part in the 2013 campaign for the charity with a new photoshoot in October 2013. In November of 2012, Alexandra performed at the Royal Concert for Remembrance Day with Russell Watson. In February 2013, Alexandra Burke appeared on "From The Heart" on ITV. The television show was created to promote organ donation. Burke performed live with Jools Holland.
Also in October 2013, Burke took part in a campaign for PETA in order to tackle the fur trade. Alexandra posed naked for the campaign with the slogan "I'd rather go naked than wear fur".
Endorsements.
Burke first signed a merchandise contract when she agreed to become the face of company, Dolce & Gabbana in the United Kingdom and Ireland. After Girls Aloud's contract with Nintendo DS, as the ambassadors, it was announced that Burke would become the new ambassador for the company, when her contract finished she was replaced by JLS. Then again, Burke recorded a television advertisement which featured Burke's music, "Bad Boys", "All Night Long" and "Start Without You", on this advert, it showed Burke performing in front of an audience and then finishing the performance and using deodorant, "Sure Women" in order to promote the product. Burke was also the first ever ambassador for the product. In March 2012, Alexandra Burke worked with MUA Cosmetics to launch her own range of lip-gloss named "Lip Boom". In 2013, Alexandra was revealed as the face of Mune Energy Drinks to coincide with the release of her EP. In September 2013, Burke was revealed as the face of Funkin' Cocktails. In October 2013, Alexandra Burke recorded a cover of Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" for "The Happy Egg Company" in the UK.
Tours.
Headlining

</doc>
<doc id="19758651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758651" title="Nemapogon granella">
Nemapogon granella

The European Grain Worm or European Grain Moth (Nemapogon granella) is a species of tineoid moth. It belongs to the fungus moth family (Tineidae), and therein to the subfamily Nemapogoninae. It is the type species of its genus "Nemapogon", and via that also of the subfamily Nemapogoninae. It is also the type species of the proposed genera "Brosis" (as established by J. Hübner, a junior homonym and thus invalid) and "Diaphthirusa", which are consequently junior objective synonyms of "Nemapogon".
Ecology and description.
This moth ranges widely across western Eurasia. However, even in its native range its distribution is somewhat patchy; in the UK for example, it is widespread, but may still be locally absent. It has not been recorded from France and Slovenia, but this may simply be due to its being overlooked or confused with similar species than being genuinely absent, as it is found in the neighboring countries. Its apparent absence from Iceland, on the other hand, is more likely genuine. But this synanthropic moth has been distributed essentially all over the globe, though many such introduced populations are not stable for long periods of time. Still, it is regularly found in Australia for example, about as far away from its native range as is possible on Earth. The adults are most often seen throughout the summer months, e.g. from March to September in the UK. Naturally, populations associated with humans can be encountered at any time of the year.
This small moth has a wingspan of 10–18 mm. The forewings are irregularly mottled black, white and grey, resembling congeners such as the Cork Moth ("N. cloacella"). They have a row of large black spoths on the leading edge, which merge with spots within the wing to form a rough band zigzagging along the length of the forewings. The hindwings are uniformly greyish-brown and surrounded by a fringe of long hairs. On the head, the adults have a tuft of yellowish-white hairs.
The caterpillar larvae eat rotting wood in the wild, though they prefer bracket fungi, usually Polyporales. Their mainstay food included Polyporaceae such as Sulphur Polypore ("Laetiporus sulphureus"), Dryad's Saddle ("Polyporus squamosus") or Turkey Tail ("Trametes versicolor"), as well as Fomitopsidaceae, e.g. Birch Polypore ("Piptoporus betulinus"). But they have also been found on "Serpula lacrymans" of the quite unrelated Boletales.
Larvae in association with humans will feed on a variety of dry organic material, such as dried fruit (e.g.bilberries, "Vaccinium") and mushrooms, cereal and legume seeds, flour, Topinambur ("Helianthus tuberosus") stalks, and even cork (e.g. corks of wine and champagne bottles) and the ergot fungus "Claviceps purpurea". Further records have been claimed from "Capsicum annuum" fruit, poppyseed ("Papaver somniferum"), bitter almonds ("Prunus amygdalus amara") and beeswax, but it is not clear if they refer to this species or the Cork Moth.
Synonyms.
This widespread, often common and partially synanthropic species has been described times and again under a variety of scientific names, all now obsolete. In addition, it has been affected by the common problem of "Nemapogon", namely uncertainty whether their specific names were of male and female gender, ending in "-us" or "-a". Junior synonyms and other obsolete scientific names of the European Grain Moth are:
The supposed subspecies "nigra" form Belgium has turned out to be a chance form, rather than a distinct population.

</doc>
<doc id="19758664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758664" title="Jack Simons">
Jack Simons

John ("Jack") Joseph Simons (also widely known and referred to as J. J. Simons and J. J. "Boss" Simons, 12 August 1882 – 24 October 1948) was an Australian businessman and politician, best known for establishing the Young Australia League.
Simons was born at Clare, South Australia to Thomas Simons, a currier, and Margaret Simons, née Henry, a schoolteacher. In about 1896 he arrived at Fremantle, Western Australia where he worked for a tinsmith. He developed an interest in labour issues with a strong belief in nationalist policies as well as becoming a prominent advocate against conscription. At he was confident and charismatic and developed strong debating skills.
He was secretary of the Western Australian Football League from 1905 to 1914 and in 1905 established the Young Australia Football League. The same year together with Lionel Boas, the YAFL was renamed to become the Young Australia League which aimed to promote healthy outdoor activities for Western Australian youth, particularly boys. The organisation flourished for many years and expanded to other states. Simons was referred to by YAL members as "Boss Simons".
He was secretary of the Western Australian State School Teachers Union until 1917 and was State president of the Australian Natives' Association in 1910-11. He was secretary of the Western Australian Trotting Association in 1913-14, later being made a life member.
Politics.
In the 1917 Federal election he unsuccessfully contested the Division of Fremantle for Labor. Simons campaigned with John Curtin until they disagreed after Simons wrote newspaper articles criticising trade unionists, referring to strikers as "Trade Union Trash". In 1921 he won the Seat of East Perth in the state parliament. He resigned his seat on 1 November 1922 and subsequently nominated as a candidate for the resulting by-election on 18 November 1922, but was defeated by the Labor candidate, Thomas Hughes.
He supported Premier James Mitchell's land development and migration programmes and the ill-fated Kendenup community established by Jack De Garis in 1920. Simons Road in the town is named in his honour.
Publishing.
Simons was active in publishing, producing an annual "Australian Junior" from 1906 to 1911 as well as the monthly "Boomerang", edited from 1914 by himself as an extension to YAL activities. In 1918 he established the "Call", a sports focussed weekly newspaper with Victor Courtney, and in 1921 in a partnership with Courtney purchased a struggling Saturday-evening paper, "The Mirror" building its circulation during the 1920s to over 10,000. In 1926 Simons published "Reflections", a collection of his own beliefs and experiences.
In 1935, a syndicate led by Simons and including Courtney and mining entrepreneur Claude de Bernales purchased Western Press Limited, the publishers of "The Sunday Times" for £55,000. Simons was managing director until his death in 1948.
Death.
Simons died of heart disease in 1948 and was buried in the Roman Catholic section of Karrakatta Cemetery. His epitaph reads ""I am the Spirit of the League"". 
Several years before his death he assigned his interest in Western Press to the Y.A.L. which yielded over £50,000 to the organisation.
When the 3-tier grandstand at Subiaco Oval was opened on 31 August 1969, it was named the "J J Simons-W R Orr-R W Hill Grandstand", partly in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19758672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758672" title="RAF Sopley">
RAF Sopley

RAF Sopley was a WWII airbase, codenamed "Starlight", near the village of Sopley in Hampshire. The Radar Station was opened in December 1940. In 1959 it became an air traffic control radar station, and finally closed on 27 September 1974. Nearby Sopley Camp was built in the early 50's as a domestic site for the radar station and is probably best known as the initial home of the Vietnamese Boat People, in 1979. The camp was sold in 1993 to a local partnership under the name Merryfield Park.
History.
The site started out as a Ground Controlled Interception (GCI) radar station. Its purpose to detect, locate and track enemy aircraft and provide inland radar coverage for Britain. Initially a mobile station, by 1943 it was a permanent fixture with rotating ariel array, transmitter equipment stored in an underground bunker, operations block, emergency back up power supply and guard hut.
In 1943 an Advanced Landing Ground called RAF Winkton was constructed to the southeast of the radar station. RAF Winkton operated for less than a year and was officially closed in January 1945.
In 1946 RAF Sopley was re-classified as a master GCI station and reserve Sector Operations Centre. As part of the UK's programme to update its air defences, Sopley underwent much modernisation during the 1950s including a new guardhouse providing access to a two storey underground operations centre. It was also in the early 50's that the domestic camp was built near Bransgore. In 1958 the School of Fighter Control moved in and from 1959 an Air Traffic Control Research Unit was established. The Fighter Control School disbanded in 1960 and the station taken over by Air Traffic Control. RAF Sopley fulfilled a number of other roles before closing in September 1974. The two level operations bunker was modernised in the 1970s when it was occupied by a Royal Signals unit from Signals Research and Development Establishment at Christchurch. The entire site transferred to the army soon after and for the duration of the Cold War was used by 2 Signals Brigade from the UK Land Forces at Wilton. The only surviving surface features of the site are the guardhouse, which has been refurbished, the generator building and a small blockhouse that doubles as an emergency exit for the bunker. The bunker too remains intact and is used by a private company for data storage. 

</doc>
<doc id="19758678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758678" title="Everett Ferguson">
Everett Ferguson

Everett Ferguson (born February 18, 1933) currently serves as Distinguished Scholar in Residence at Abilene Christian University in Abilene, Texas. He is author of numerous books on early Christian studies and served as co-editor of the "Journal of Early Christian Studies".
Early life and education.
He received both his undergraduate bachelor degree and his first master's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950s. He immediately proceeded to Harvard University and received his Bachelor of Sacred Theology followed by a doctoral degree "with distinction" in History and Philosophy of Religion.
Awards and honors.
During his education, Ferguson received such honors as the Honorary John Harvard Fellowship and Harvard Graduate School Fellowship. He later received awards from the Christian Research Foundation for both his dissertation, "Ordination in the Ancient Church," and for a translation of Gregory of Nyssa's "Life of Moses". He was selected to speak as the John G. Gammie Senior Lecturer of the Southwest Commission for Religious Studies. He was later presented with a festschrift, "The Early Church in Its Context: Essays in Honor of Everett Ferguson".
Memberships.
Dr. Ferguson was a council member of the Association Internationale D'Etudes Patristiques, which seeks "to promote the study of Christian antiquity, especially the Fathers of the Church, without prejudice to work undertaken in this domain in various countries." He served for a term on the council of the American Society of Church History, and has also previously served as president of the North American Patristics Society (1990-1992), from which he received the Distinguished Service Award for more than thirty years of service.

</doc>
<doc id="19758701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758701" title="Wal Phillips">
Wal Phillips

Walter Hartley 'Wal' Phillips (born 17 October 1908 in Tottenham, England - died 1998) was an international motorcycle speedway rider who rode in the first ever World Championship final in 1936.
Career summary.
Phillips began his speedway career alongside Gus Kuhn at Stamford Bridge Pensioners in 1929, winning the Southern League Championship, and stayed there until they closed at the end of the 1932 season, where he also appeared in the final of the Star Riders' Championship . Philips then joined the Wimbledon Dons, staying there until the end of the 1936 season. 
Phillips represented England from 1930 until 1936. His career was ended on the 1936/37 tour of Australia when he suffered a broken leg at the Sydney Showground.
Engineering.
Phillips was a renowned engineer, his uncle was a development engineer and works rider at JA Prestwich Industries Ltd (JAP), andwas instrumental in the development of the JAP engines used in speedway. Stan Greening was developing an engine specifically for speedway but the results were not impressive after testing by Australian riders Billy Lamont and Vic Huxley. Greening and Phillips stripped down Phillips' Rudge bike and used some of the ideas in that engine with the new one of their own. When Phillips rode the bike at a meeting at Stamford Bridge stadium he beat the track record time. The JAP engines remained in use until the mid-1960s.
Phillips was also renowned for his carburettors and fuel injection systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19758705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758705" title="Horace Fogel">
Horace Fogel

Horace Fogel (March 2, 1861 – November 15, 1928) was a Major League Baseball manager. In 1887, Horace was the manager for the Indianapolis Hoosiers. His record was 20-49. In he was the manager for the New York Giants with a record of 18-23.
Fogel was also the owner/president of the Philadelphia Phillies from 1909 to 1912. As owner, he was banned in 1912 for publicly asserting that the umpires favored the New York Giants and were making unfair calls against his team.
Fogel was born in Macungie, Pennsylvania and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19758706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758706" title="Women for women's human rights">
Women for women's human rights

Women for Women’s Human Rights (WWHR) is an autonomous women’s non-government organization (NGO) founded in 1993 in Turkey. The group aims to promote women’s human rights and to supports the active and broad participation of women in the establishment and maintenance of a respectful democratic order at national, regional and international levels. WWHR has developed a multi-pronged approach in its programming, seeking to eliminate discrimination against women and women's human rights violations. The NGO's national and international programs combine action-research, training, production and dissemination of awareness-raising materials and publications, advocacy, lobbying and networking. WWHR was elected as one of the few NGOs worldwide to deliver a statement at the United Nations March 8 Global World Conference in 1998, in recognition of its advocacy and lobbying efforts towards the adoption of a protection order law against domestic violence in Turkey. WWHR was also awarded the 1999 Leading Solutions Award by the Association for Women in Development (AWID), in recognition of its contributions to advancing gender equality and social justice. Its Human Rights Education Program for Women (HREP) has been elected as one of the “best tactics in human rights” in an international program by the Centre for Victims of Torture and Helsinki Citizens Assembly. In 2007, co-founder of WWHR - New Ways was awarded the Gruber Prize for Women’s Rights for her work with WWHR-New Ways and the Coalition for Sexual and Bodily Rights in Muslim Societies (CSBR).
On the national level, WWHR-New Ways has been implementing the Human Rights Education Program for Women (HREP), which remains the most widespread and comprehensive human rights education program in Turkey. The Program, which has been implemented in the field on an on-going basis since 1995, is on its fourteenth year. As a result of its uninterrupted implementation, HREP has nation-wide outreach through the community centers located in 28 provinces spread throughout all seven geographic regions of Turkey, and up-to-date over 4000 women have been reached by the program.
The HREP aims to raise women’s awareness of their rights and equip them with the necessary knowledge and skills towards their realization. An equally important aim of the HREP is to serve as a catalyst in the mobilization of women’s local grassroots organizing; and as such to support the struggle for women’s human rights not only on an individual but also on an organized collective basis.
WWHR-New Ways has also been actively involved in advocacy and lobbying efforts on the national level since its foundation. We have initiated and coordinated a number of national campaigns, including the Campaign against Virginity testing in 1997, the Campaign for the Protection Order in 1997–1998, the Campaign for the Reform of the Civil Code in 2000-2001, the Campaign for the ratification of the Optional Protocol to CEDAW by Turkey in 2001, and the Campaign for the Reform of the Penal Code from a Gender Perspective in 2002. We coordinated the Penal Code Reform campaign for almost three years, and as a result of our work, there have been significant changes made to the penal code including classifying of sexual crimes under “crimes against persons” instead of “crimes against society”; criminalizing marital rape; amending the unjust provocation article to prevent honor killing perpetrators to receive sentence reductions, abolishing discrimination between married and single or virgin and not virgin women; amending the definitions of rape, sexual harassment and sexual assault.
On the international level, since 2000, WWHR- New Ways has concentrated its international advocacy and lobbying efforts on the promotion of women’s sexual and bodily rights in Muslim societies. As a result of our work on the issue, the first regional network for promoting sexual and bodily rights as human rights has emerged in the Middle East and North Africa. Since 2001, we have organized regional meetings in Istanbul, Lebanon, Malta, and Tunis, provided trainings, participated in CPD and ICPD advocacy and lobbying efforts. Since 2004, this regional network expanded to include South/Southeast Asia and held a regional meeting in Jakarta, Indonesia at the end of September 2004. WWHR – New Ways has published the first comprehensive reader on the issue entitled Women and Sexuality in Muslim Societies which has been translated into Arabic and Turkish.
WWHR-New Ways also actively partakes in advocacy and lobbying efforts on the UN Level. WWHR-New Ways has submitted the first shadow report from Turkey in 1997, for the third periodic review of the Turkey Country Report by CEDAW. We also lobbied in the fourth and fifth combined periodic review of Turkey by CEDAW. In July 2004, we submitted a shadow report to CEDAW, endorsed by 26 NGOs from the Women’s Platform on the Turkish Penal Code and presented our report at the pre-session. In the second phase, a final shadow report was prepared and submitted to the CEDAW Committee during its January 2005 review session. Two members of WWHR-New Ways were present at the session as commentators and observers to the review process. WWHR - New Ways is also participating in the ICPD+10 process and has also served on the official delegation of Turkey in the Beijing+5 process, and has lobbied in particular for the necessity of preventive and protective measures against marital rape, forced and early marriages and “honour crimes” as forms of violence against women; women’s right to safe abortion; and the repeal of laws criminalizing homosexuality.

</doc>
<doc id="19758717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758717" title="Tensas Parish School Board">
Tensas Parish School Board

The Tensas Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the town of St. Joseph.
The superintendent is Carol Shipp Johnson. Her husband, Lanny Johnson, is the former Tensas Parish superintendent who currently serves as superintendent in neighboring Franklin Parish. Lanny Johnson was also a state representative from Tensas and Franklin parishes between 1976 and 1980. 
Other former Tensas Parish superintendents were the late Thomas M. Wade, A.E. Swanson, Stathum Crosby and Charles Ed Thompson. Tensas Parish native Charles Ed Thompson (1932–1993) later accepted the position of deputy superintendent for special education in Baton Rouge under state Education Superintendent J. Kelly Nix.
School board members from the early years included George Henry Clinton, John Newell, J. H. Netterville, and Thomas M. Wade. Newell had worked particularly hard to establish Newellton High School.
In 2006, the Tensas board closed the former Newellton High School in Newellton in northern Tensas Parish. High school students from Newellton are bused to St. Joseph to attend Tensas High School, formerly known as Joseph Moore Davidson High School, named for a heroic soldier killed in France during World War I and a son of Mayor William Mackenzie Davidson of St. Joseph. The former Waterproof High School building, now vacant, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is considered historically significant for the period from 1925-1949, but it was used into the 1970s. 
The Tensas superintendent has struggled to improve pupil standardized test scores. For the 2012-13 school year, only 21 percent of pupils in Tensas Parish public schools ranked as proficient in the subjects of Algebra I and English II on the end-of-course examinations. That number, however, is an improvement from the 15 percent level in the preceding year, 2011-2012. Tensas Parish ranks last in the sixty-four parishes in pupil performance. Johnson said that she is taking steps to address the problem and replaced the principal of Tensas High School after the 2011-2012 scores became known.

</doc>
<doc id="19758718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758718" title="Kurdish News Network">
Kurdish News Network


</doc>
<doc id="19758739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758739" title="Ernst Hechler">
Ernst Hechler

Ernst Hechler (21 November 1907 – 23 October 1965) was a German bomber pilot and U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Corvette captain (or lieutenant commander) Hechler is credited with the sinking of four ships for a total of , and with damaging one destroyer escort.
Born in Lauterbach, Hechler joined the "Reichsmarine" (navy) of the Weimar Republic in 1928. After a period of training on surface vessels he transferred to the "Luftwaffe" (air force) in 1935. During World War II he flew 65 combat missions as a bomber pilot, the majority of which were in mine-laying operations. Following his voluntary transfer back to the "Kriegsmarine" in 1943 he took command of in 1944 which he took on one war patrol. He claimed to have sunk five ships for a total of . These claims were acknowledged by the presentation of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Career.
Ernst Hechler was born on 21 November 1907 in Lauterbach in Hesse-Nassau, then a province of the Kingdom of Prussia. He joined the German Merchant Marine ("Deutsche Handelsmarine") in 1926. He began his pilot training in 1928 at the German Air Transport School ("Deutsche Verkehrsfliegerschule") at Schleißheim (28 May 1928 – 15 July 1928) and Warnemünde (16 July 1928 – 24 March 1929). Hechler joined the military service of the Weimar Republic in the "Reichsmarine" on 1 April 1929 and became a member of "Crew 1929" (the incoming class of 1929). After he underwent basic military training in the 4th company, 2nd department (4. "Kompanie"/II. "Abteilung") of the standing ship division ("Schiffsstammdivision") of the Baltic Sea in Stralsund (1 April 1929 – 30 June 1926), he was transferred to the training ship "Niobe" (1 July 1929 – 11 October 1929) attaining the rank of "Seekadett" (Naval Cadet) on 10 October 1929. Hechler was transferred on 12 October to the 3rd company (3. "Kompanie") of the Naval Academy at Mürwik before going on a half year stay on board the light cruiser cruiser "Emden" (6 January 1930 – 21 May 1930), which was immediately followed by a seven months stay on to the light cruiser "Karlsruhe" (22 May 1930 – 19 December 1930). Following these assignments he advanced in rank to "Fähnrich zur See" (officer cadet) on 1 January 1931.
On 1 September 1934 Hechler was promoted to "Oberleutnant zur See" (First Lieutenant). He was released from the "Kriegsmarine" on 30 April 1935 and transferred to the "Luftwaffe". Prior to this assignment on 30 January 1933, the Nazi Party, under the leadership of Adolf Hitler, came to power in Germany, ushering in a period of rearmament. In 1935, the "Reichsmarine" was renamed the "Kriegsmarine". On 1 May 1935 his naval rank was redesignated to "Oberleutnant" of the "Luftwaffe". Hechler was appointed "Ia" (operations officer) in the headquarters unit ("Stab") of the 9th Air Division (Sea) (9. "Fliegerdivision (See)") on 28 August 1939 before taking command of the 2nd squadron of 126th bomber group (2./"Kampfgruppe" 126) on 7 September 1940. The unit was redesignated to 2./Kampfgeschwader 28 in December 1940. In the timeframe September 1940 to March 1941 Hechler flew a total of 62 combat missions on the Heinkel He 111 with this unit. The majority of these missions were mine-laying sorties over coastal waters.
On 1 July 1943 Hechler was transferred back to the "Kriegsmarine" at his own request attaining the rank of "Korvettenkapitän" on 3 July. Until January 1944 he underwent a number of training courses for submarine commanders at the 2nd submarine training division (2. "U-Boot-Lehr-Division"), torpedo school ("Torpedoschule Flensburg-Mürwik"), the Naval anti-aircraft warfare school II ("Marine-Flakschule" II) and the 24th U-boat Flotilla. Hechler was stationed in Bremen from 3 January to 2 February 1944 for construction training ("Baubelehrung") of , a Type IXC/40 submarine. He took command of the boat on 3 February which was subordinated to the 4th U-boat Flotilla until 30 September 1944 when it was transferred to the 33rd U-boat Flotilla on 1 October. Hechler's chief engineer on "U-870" was Knight's Cross recipient Johann-Friedrich Wessels, who joined the crew on 14 August 1944. Wessels had served on under the command of Günther Prien and was involved in the sinking of the HMS "Royal Oak", and on under the command of Werner Hartmann.
Hechler took "U-870" on one war patrol. "U-870" had left Kiel, Germany on 31 October 1944 before arriving in Horten, Norway on 3 November. "U-870" left Horten again on 10 November returning to Kristiansand, Norway on 20 February 1945. Here the boat departed again on 25 February returning to Flensburg, Germany on 27 February. During this war patrol Hechler mission was to radio back weather reports from the Gibraltar-Azores area in preparation for the Battle of the Bulge which he failed to reach on time. He also claimed the destruction of five ships totaling and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 21 January 1945. "U-870" was sunk in Bremen in an Allied air raid on 30 March 1945. In the final weeks of the war Hechler served as operations officer on the staff of the "Befehlshaber der U-Boote" (supreme commander of submarines). Ernst Hechler died on 23 October 1965 aged 57 in Alzey, Federal Republic of Germany.
Summary of career.
During his career as commander of Ernst Hechler sank 4 ships for and damaged one ships for .

</doc>
<doc id="19758751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758751" title="Rascoff">
Rascoff

The surname Rascoff might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19758757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758757" title="Farlington School">
Farlington School

Farlington School is an independent school day and boarding school for girls aged three to eighteen in Horsham, West Sussex, England. Farlington was founded in 1896 originally in Haywards Heath but moved to its present site at Strood Green near Horsham in 1955. It is situated in of parkland about west from Horsham on the A281 road to Guildford.
Farlington has approximately 350 girls as students although the Nursery (which opened in September 2008) is co-educational. For the most part, girls attend as day pupils, however Farlington also offers a Boarding House where girls can board from the age of 8, on a full, weekly or occasional basis.
The school site is made up of buildings ranging from the Jacobean Mansion House formerly known as Strood Park, which houses Reception, the Library and the Headmistress' study on the ground floor as well as the Boarding House on the upper floors, to the new courtyard building named after former headmistress, Trina Mawer, which opened in 2008, and houses a large multipurpose hall, kitchens, further Prep School classrooms and the Nursery. Other buildings named after former headmistresses are the Peto Building (housing Prep School classrooms), the Simpson Building (Science block) and the Moberly Building (housing classrooms for Maths, English and the humanities). Other notable buildings include the Sixth Form Centre and Sports Hall, which is adjacent to the all-weather pitch. 
Farlington states that its intention is to "to educate for confidence" by providing a broad and balanced curriculum for all age groups, as well as a large range of musical and sporting activities. The school motto is "Vive ut Vivas" or "Live Life to the Full". 
The Senior School is organised into five faculties, with the aim of encouraging cross-curricular learning. These are the Faculty of Creative and Expressive Arts, the Faculty of Languages, the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences, the Faculty of Social Sciences and the Faculty of Curriculum Support. 
Farlington's distinctive uniform features a kilt composed of three colours: dark green, navy blue and white.
Farlington plays an important role in initial teacher training in Sussex and has longstanding partnerships with both the University of Sussex and the University of Chichester.

</doc>
<doc id="19758760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758760" title="Bystre, Bieszczady County">
Bystre, Bieszczady County

Bystre (, "Bystre") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Czarna, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758763" title="Chrewt">
Chrewt

Chrewt (, "Khrevt’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758765" title="Czarna, Bieszczady County">
Czarna, Bieszczady County

Czarna (until 30 December 1999: "Czarna Górna", , "Chorna") is a village in Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Czarna. It lies approximately south of Ustrzyki Dolne and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 1,300.

</doc>
<doc id="19758766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758766" title="Czarna Dolna">
Czarna Dolna

Czarna Dolna () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
The village has a population of 420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758771" title="Lipie, Bieszczady County">
Lipie, Bieszczady County

Lipie (, "Lypye") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Czarna, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758774" title="Michniowiec">
Michniowiec

Michniowiec (, "Mykhnovychi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Czarna, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758776" title="Olchowiec, Bieszczady County">
Olchowiec, Bieszczady County

Olchowiec (, "Vil’khovets’") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758777" title="Paniszczów">
Paniszczów

Paniszczów (, "Panyshchiv") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758786" title="Polana, Bieszczady County">
Polana, Bieszczady County

Polana (, "Poliana") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758794" title="Rabe, Bieszczady County">
Rabe, Bieszczady County

Rabe (, "Riabe") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Czarna, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.

</doc>
<doc id="19758798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758798" title="Antonina Zetova">
Antonina Zetova

Antonina Zetova (Bulgarian: Антонина Зетова) (born on 7 September 1973 in Pleven) is an international volleyball player from Bulgaria.
As a left handed outside hitter 1.89 m tall Zetova lead the Bulgarian team to several successes, including a bronze medal at the European Championship in 2001, where she was awarded best scorer.
In the Italian league, where she played since 1998, Zetova won all possible national titles at least one time and European titles namely Top Teams Cup in 2005 with Chieri and the most important European Champions League title with Despar Perugia in 2006.
She was elected best foreign player, All-Star and Best Spiker of the Italian league.
In 2008/09 she played for Palma Volley in Spain after giving birth to her son becoming vice champion and 2nd best player after Priscilla Rivera.
Zetova came back to her former clubs in Italy, Perugia and Chieri, in 2009 where she retired in 2012.
She is currently employed as an assistant coach of CSKA Sofia's women volleyball team.

</doc>
<doc id="19758799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758799" title="Rosochate, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Rosochate, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Rosochate (, "Rozsokhate") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758802" title="Rosolin">
Rosolin

Rosolin (, "Rosolyn") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758803" title="Serednie Małe">
Serednie Małe

Serednie Małe (, "Serednie Male") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758805" title="Sokołowa Wola">
Sokołowa Wola

Sokołowa Wola (, "Sokolova Volia") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758807" title="Tworylne">
Tworylne

Tworylne (, "Tvoryl’ne") is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Czarna, south-west of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758808" title="Wydrne">
Wydrne

Wydrne (pronounced ) (, "Vydrne") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately west of Czarna, south of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758811" title="Żłobek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship">
Żłobek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Żłobek (, "Zholobok") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Czarna, south-east of Ustrzyki Dolne, and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The village has a population of 148.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19758812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758812" title="Richard Marson">
Richard Marson

Richard Marson (born c.1967) is an English writer, television producer and director, best known as a former editor in chief of the BBC's children's television programme "Blue Peter". In September 2007, Marson was sacked from his post for making an editorial decision on the naming of the new "Blue Peter" cat, thus overriding the results of online vote on the programme in January 2006. Despite this, he remains the programme's "unofficial historian". 
Marson has directed and produced a number of documentaries, including "Children's TV on Trial", "Upstairs Downstairs Remembered", and "Tales of Television Centre" (2012).
Early life and career.
Marson won his first Blue Peter badge in 1972, which influenced him to pursue a career with the BBC in 1988. He worked on many TV programmes, including "Going Live!", "Top of the Pops", and eventually "Blue Peter". Between 1983 and 1988, he wrote for "Doctor Who Magazine".
Following five years as a freelance worker as a producer and director for such companies as Disney, Planet 24, and London Weekend Television, Marson returned to the BBC to direct "Record Breakers" and "Tomorrow's World", eventually joining "Blue Peter" as a producer in 1998. Marson became first the series producer and then the editor of the show, before being sacked in September 2007.
Competition controversies.
In October 2006, "Blue Peter" ran a competition called "Whose Shoes?". More than 13,800 people entered, with calls costing 10p each, including 3.25p for a Unicef charity. Because of technical difficulties the researcher was unable to access callers' details, and subsequently selected the winner from a guest in the studio without referring the decision to the editor, deputy editor, or producer. 
Along with this, "Blue Peter" staff ignored the result of the online poll to name a new kitten, ignoring the winning name — "Cookie" — and calling the pet "Socks" instead. According to former editor Biddy Baxter's book "Dear Blue Peter" (see page 283), Marson "had been so concerned about the accuracy of the online votes he made an editorial decision that the kitten (with its four white paws) should be named 'Socks' rather than 'Cookie'. Richard was an inspired editor. His dismissal was a great blow to the programme." Because of Marson's handling of and failure to report the incident he was sacked from CBBC. He had already left "Blue Peter" in July 2007. "Blue Peter" was fined £50,000 by Ofcom. The BBC subsequently apologized for the error of judgement.
Later career.
He has produced and directed a 90-minute documentary about BBC Television Centre, called "Tales of Television Centre", which was first shown on BBC Four on 17 May 2012. The programme had a preview screening at BFI Southbank two days before its first transmission. The documentary was commissioned to commemorate the ending of the Centre's role in the Corporation's activities and the site's likely sale.
His biography of the last 'classic' "Doctor Who" producer. "JNT: The Life and Scandalous Times of John Nathan-Turner" was published in 2013 by Miwk Publishing. This work details Nathan-Turner's career, his difficulties with BBC superiors and alleges inappropriate behaviour by the producer, the last of which resulted in the book making front page headlines in some tabloid newspapers.
Son's death.
Richard Marson's son Rupert Marson, 14, died at their St. Albans home in 2008. Police were called to the house on the morning of 8 June, whereupon Rupert Marson was pronounced dead at the scene. At the inquest a verdict of "accidental death" was declared.

</doc>
<doc id="19758813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758813" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 43">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 43

The 43rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19758821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758821" title="List of Charles in Charge episodes">
List of Charles in Charge episodes

The following is an episode listing for the situation comedy television series "Charles in Charge". In the United States, the first episode of the series originally aired on October 3, 1984. The first season aired on CBS. The second through fifth seasons aired in syndication. The series ended on November 10, 1990 after 126 episodes. All five seasons are available on DVD.
"Charles in Charge" follows Charles (Scott Baio), a college student working as a live-in babysitter. In the first season, Charles worked for the Pembroke family. In the second season, the Pembrokes sub-let their house to the Powell family, who Charles then worked for in the remaining seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19758858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758858" title="Mike Sojourner">
Mike Sojourner

Michael "Mike" Sojourner (born October 16, 1953, in Germantown, Pennsylvania) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'9" (2.05 m) power forward / center from the University of Utah, Sojourner played three seasons (1974–1977) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Atlanta Hawks, where he played his entire professional career. He averaged 8.7 points per game over three seasons.
Sojourner was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks in the 1st round (10th pick, 10th overall) of the 1974 NBA draft. 
He is the younger brother of former ABA player Willie Sojourner.

</doc>
<doc id="19758885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758885" title="Good Bad Boys">
Good Bad Boys

Good Bad Boys is a 1940 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 192nd "Our Gang" short (193rd episode, 104th talking short, 105th talking episode, and 24th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Slicker steals an orange from a fruit stand, and Alfalfa is wrongfully accused and punished for it. An angry Alfalfa decides to get even with his parents by embarking upon a life of crime. To that end, he enlists the other kids as his "mob." Hoping to deflect his pals from this drastic action, Spanky McFarland decides to teach the gang a lesson. He tricks the kids into thinking they're burglarizing a house, when in fact they're merely helping their neighbor, Mrs. Wilson, clean out her junk. Things take an unexpected turn when a real-life fugitive from justice chooses the gang's clubhouse as his hideout, with the cops hot on his heels. Assuming the police are after them, Alfalfa and the gang confess to their "crime," not knowing what the real crime committed by the real criminal was. The next morning they are arraigned and Spanky comes in with Mrs. Wilson to explain what had really happened. Meanwhile, Slicker is being arraigned with his mother for what seems to be an unrelated crime. For Alfalfa, Spanky, and the rest of the gang, everything is solved.

</doc>
<doc id="19758898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758898" title="Prisons (album)">
Prisons (album)

Prisons is the second full-length album from the metal band Eyes of Fire released by Century Media Records, in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19758903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758903" title="The X Factor (Greek TV series)">
The X Factor (Greek TV series)

The X Factor is the Greek version of "The X Factor", a show originating in the United Kingdom. It is a television music talent show contested by aspiring pop singers drawn from public auditions.
Auditions are held in Greece in the cities of Athens and Thessaloniki, as well as in Cyprus in the city of Nicosia. Auditions for the third X Factor were also held in New York City. Applicants from the Greek diaspora are also accepted.
The show is broadcast live in Greece and Cyprus, as well as abroad via ANT1's international stations. Loukas Giorkas, winner of the first series, Stavros Michalakakos, winner of the second series and Haris Antoniou, winner of the third series, are all from Cyprus.
Judges' categories and their finalists.
Key:
Series 1 (2008–2009).
The first series of the Greek X Factor started airing in October 2008 on ANT1 and was hosted by singer Sakis Rouvas. The judges were Giorgos Levendis, songwriter Giorgos Theofanous, marketing executive of ANT1 TV, Katerina Gagaki and music critic Nikos Mouratidis.
The winner of the 1st X-Factor was Loukas Giorkas, who released his debut EP album on September 2009.
Series 2 (2009–2010).
A second series of X Factor was broadcated by ANT1 TV. The live shows debuted on October 30. 
The host and the judges remain the same as in the first series.The winner of the 2nd X-Factor was Stavros Michalakakos.
Series 3 (2010–2011).
On 11 June 2010, Katerina Gagaki confirmed about a third season of X Factor to be broadcast in October 2010. The live shows started in October 2010 and continued until February 2011 with the third series of X Factor being won by Greek-Cypriot Haris Antoniou. The program was broadcast by ANT1 TV and like the previous year, the host and the judges remained the same.

</doc>
<doc id="19758907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758907" title="Dan Gediman">
Dan Gediman

Dan Gediman is an American radio producer and performing songwriter. He is the executive producer of the public radio series This I Believe He is also the co-editor, with John Gregory and Mary Jo Gediman, of the book "This I Believe: On Love"
Gediman co-produced the public radio series "13 by Corwin" and the award-winning "50 Years after 14 August," a reflection on the end of World War II, with legendary radio playwright Norman Corwin.
Gediman was also a reporter for public radio and his work has been featured on programs such as "This American Life", "All Things Considered", "Morning Edition", and "Jazz Profiles". His public radio specials include "Breaking the Cycle: How Do We Stop Child Abuse" with Jay Allison.

</doc>
<doc id="19758917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758917" title="Coast Guard Air Station Savannah">
Coast Guard Air Station Savannah

Coast Guard Air Station Savannah is a United States Coast Guard Air Station located at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah, Georgia.
Operations and missions.
Coast Guard and Air Station (CGAS) Savannah support a multitude of Coast Guard missions worldwide. 
Air Station Savannah provides Search & Rescue(SAR) coverage 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, for 450 miles of shoreline from the northern border of South Carolina to Melbourne, Florida, averaging more than 250 SAR cases a year. Other missions include: Marine Safety, Marine Environmental Protection, Fisheries Enforcement, Aids to Navigation support, Migrant Interdiction, Drug Interdiction, Other Law Enforcement and Defense Readiness. Many of these missions require deployment of aviation detachments about Coast Guard Cutters. 
History.
CGAS Savannah was commissioned in the summer of 1963 on what was then known as Hunter Air Force Base, which became Hunter Army Airfield in 1967. In 1964, the Coast Guard's original HH-52A Basic Operational Training Unit (BOTU) was established in Savannah. This unit was the forerunner of the Coast Guard's specialized aviator training program now at the Coast Guard Aviation Training Center (Mobile Regional Airport) in Mobile, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="19758922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758922" title="Huejotitán Municipality">
Huejotitán Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 1,036. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 40 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19758926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758926" title="King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy">
King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy

King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy is a compilation album released by Keak da Sneak.
Track listing.
p.s naz's phrase supa dupa copirited

</doc>
<doc id="19758938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758938" title="Mimas (Aeneid)">
Mimas (Aeneid)

Mimas is a Greek mythological character who appears in Virgil's "Aeneid". He was the son of Amycus and Theano. A Trojan, he accompanied Aeneas to Italy, where he was killed by Mezentius.

</doc>
<doc id="19758975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758975" title="Tom Gilles">
Tom Gilles

Thomas Bradford Gilles (born July 2, 1962) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Gilles pitched in two games for the Toronto Blue Jays in the season. He had a 1-0 record, in 1.3 innings, with a 6.75 ERA.
Born in Peoria, Illinois, he was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 47th round of the 1984 amateur draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19758984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19758984" title="351st Air Refueling Squadron">
351st Air Refueling Squadron

The 351st Air Refueling Squadron (351 ARS) is part of the 100th Air Refueling Wing at RAF Mildenhall, England. It operates the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
Established as a B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombardment squadron in mid-1942; trained initially under Third Air Force in the southeast, then transferring to Second Air Force in the Pacific Northwest. Operated as an Operational Training Unit (OTU) in the Midwest until being deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO), being assigned to VIII Bomber Command in England in June 1949.
Engaged in strategic bombardment operations over Occupied Europe and Germany, sustaining very heavy losses of personnel and aircraft while conducting many unescorted missions over enemy territory attacking airfields, industries, naval facilities and transportation hubs. During the summer of 1944, aircrews bombed enemy positions at Saint-Lô, followed by similar campaigns at Brest in August and September. In October 1944, the squadron attacked enemy and ground defenses in the allied drive on the Siegfried Line, then bombed marshaling yards, German occupied villages, and communication targets in the Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge from December 1944 to January 1945. Attacked enemy targets in Germany during the spring of 1945, ending combat operations with the German Capitulation in May 1945.
Remained in Europe as part of the United States Air Forces in Europe occupation forces, dropping food to the people in the west of the Netherlands, and in June transported French Allied former prisoners of war from Austria to France. Demobilizing in England, in December 1945 the squadron inactivated as a paper unit.
Activated in the Reserves in 1947 at Miami Airport, Florida. Unclear whether or not the unit was manned or equipped; inactivated in 1949 due to budget restrictions. Reactivated under Strategic Air Command received new, swept wing B-47 Stratojets in 1956 which were designed to carry nuclear weapons and to penetrate Soviet air defenses with its high operational ceiling and near supersonic speed. The squadron flew the B-47 for about a decade when by the mid-1960s it had become obsolete and vulnerable to new Soviet air defenses. The squadron began to send its stratojets to AMARC at Davis-Monthan AFB for retirement in 1965, and the unit inactivated in 1966, one of the last B-47 Squadrons. 
Reactivated in England in 1992 as an aerial refueling squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="19759004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759004" title="Ignacio Zaragoza Municipality">
Ignacio Zaragoza Municipality

As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 6,631. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 43 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19759017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759017" title="O-Ha!">
O-Ha!

O-Ha! was a sitcom produced and broadcast by ABC with only 4 episodes and played once a week from August 7, 2006 to January 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19759021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759021" title="Bernard Lock">
Bernard Lock

Bernard Lock (June 8, 1915 – December 17, 1997) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman. He was born in Exeter and died in Dover.
Lock made his Minor Counties debut in the 1928 season, at the age of just thirteen, for Surrey Second XI. He made at least three Minor Counties appearances for the team between 1928 and 1929 - but did not pick up another Minor Counties Championship appearance for five more years.
Lock made occasional Minor Counties appearances for Devon between 1934 and 1939, before taking nine years out of the game, partially due to the outbreak of the Second World War.
Lock made his debut first-class appearance just after his 37th birthday in 1952 for Kent against Oxford University. Batting as an opener, he made 2 runs in the first innings he batted and 57 in his second innings, batting as an opener alongside Peter Hearn.
Lock's second and final first-class appearance came in 1955, for Marylebone Cricket Club, once again playing against Oxford University.
Lock made four further Minor Counties appearances for Devon during the 1957 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19759043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759043" title="Karl-Heinz Marbach">
Karl-Heinz Marbach

Karl-Heinz Marbach (5 July 1917 in Kolberg – 27 September 1995 in Bonn) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19759045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759045" title="Cook (Brentford cricketer)">
Cook (Brentford cricketer)

Cook (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer from Brentford who played in major matches for Middlesex during the 1730s. He was "reckoned one of the best bowlers in England".
Career.
Cook is mentioned in 1735 re two matches at Moulsey Hurst. He played as a given man for London Cricket Club versus Surrey on Saturday, 7 June; and for a combined London & Middlesex XI versus Kent on Saturday, 12 July.
In the first match, Cook was hired as a replacement for Ellis of London, who was "their best bowler". With Cook's help, London won the game by 9 wickets. In the second match, he was one of three Middlesex players in the combined XI which included eight London players.
As Cook had established his reputation by 1735, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1720s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="19759046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759046" title="Jeff Bowler">
Jeff Bowler

Jeff Bowler (born September 10, 1975 in Gardner, Massachusetts) is a film and television producer, best known for producing films such as "The Grand" and award-nominated programs such as "Inked" and "Driven".
Prior to establishing his own production company in 2001, Bowler was an executive at Bandai, where he managed the "Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers" license, and a top executive at the World Wrestling Federation, where he was in charge of licensing and branding.

</doc>
<doc id="19759088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759088" title="Lussac-Saint-Émilion">
Lussac-Saint-Émilion

Lussac-Saint-Émilion is an "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) for red wine situated in the Bordeaux wine region. The appellation is located on the right bank of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers, about from city of Bordeaux or from the medieval village of Saint-Émilion. It is one of the so-called "Saint-Émilion satellites" situated around the appellation Saint-Émilion AOC itself.
Terroir.
The terroir of Lussac is characterized by the diversity of its soils, distributed between the plateaus, the sides of the hills and small valleys.
To the south-east, the slopes are clayey-limestone, similar in nature to those in the Saint-Emilion appellation. To the west, there is an elevated gravel and sandy-gravel plateau, not very wide, and to the north, cold clayey soil or heavy clay is predominant. To the east, the subsoil consists of limestone beds which made excellent quarries for extracting soft building stone. To the north-west, there are a few stone quarries, as well as ferruginious sand or clay.
Winemaking.
The grape varieties allowed in Lussac-Saint-Émilion are Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Malbec and Merlot. Merlot usually dominates the blend. The allowed base yield is 45 hectolitres per hectare.
Estates.
In Lussac the wine estates are essentially family-properties. The average size of each would be about . A total of are cultivated by 95 independent vineyard owners, and are exploited by members of the Puisseguin-Lussac-Saint-Emilion winemaking cooperative.

</doc>
<doc id="19759094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759094" title="Nielsen Pro Tennis Championships">
Nielsen Pro Tennis Championships

The Nielsen Pro Tennis Championships is a tennis tournament held intermittently in Winnetka, Illinois, USA since 1984. The event is part of the ATP Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor hard courts.

</doc>
<doc id="19759163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759163" title="Stamford Bridge Pensioners">
Stamford Bridge Pensioners

The Stamford Bridge Pensioners were a speedway team which operated from 1929 until their closure in 1932. The team were one of the pioneers of British speedway, entering and winning the first Southern League championship in 1929. The stadium was, and still is, the home to Chelsea F.C.
The track was made from black cinders and was also used as an athletics track, and after speedway finished it was used as a greyhound racing track.

</doc>
<doc id="19759167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759167" title="Jiménez Municipality, Chihuahua">
Jiménez Municipality, Chihuahua

Jiménez is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at José Mariano Jiménez. The municipality covers an area of 11,074.14 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 40,467. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 243 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19759177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759177" title="Johnny Young (disambiguation)">
Johnny Young (disambiguation)

Johnny Young is an Australian singer.
Johnny Young may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19759220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759220" title="Banach–Tarski paradox">
Banach–Tarski paradox

The Banach–Tarski paradox is a theorem in set-theoretic geometry, which states the following: Given a solid ball in 3‑dimensional space, there exists a decomposition of the ball into a finite number of non-overlapping pieces ("i.e.", disjoint subsets), which can then be put back together in a different way to yield "two" identical copies of the original ball. Indeed, the reassembly process involves only moving the pieces around and rotating them, without changing their shape. However, the pieces themselves are not "solids" in the usual sense, but infinite scatterings of points. 
A stronger form of the theorem implies that given any two "reasonable" solid objects (such as a small ball and a huge ball), either one can be reassembled into the other. This is often stated informally as "a pea can be chopped up and reassembled into the Sun" and called "pea and the Sun paradox".
The reason the Banach–Tarski theorem is called a paradox is that it contradicts basic geometric intuition. "Doubling the ball" by dividing it into parts and moving them around by rotations and translations, without any stretching, bending, or adding new points, seems to be impossible, since all these operations preserve the volume, but the volume is doubled in the end.
Unlike most theorems in geometry, this result depends in a critical way on the choice of axioms for set theory. It can be proven only by using the axiom of choice, which allows for the construction of nonmeasurable sets, i.e., collections of points that do not have a volume in the ordinary sense and that for their construction would require performing an uncountably infinite number of choices.
It was shown in 2005 that the pieces in the decomposition can be chosen in such a way that they can be moved continuously into place without running into one another.
Banach and Tarski publication.
In a paper published in 1924, Stefan Banach and Alfred Tarski gave a construction of such a "paradoxical decomposition", based on earlier work by Giuseppe Vitali concerning the unit interval and on the paradoxical decompositions of the sphere by Felix Hausdorff, and discussed a number of related questions concerning decompositions of subsets of Euclidean spaces in various dimensions. They proved the following more general statement, the "strong form of the Banach–Tarski paradox":
Now let A be the original ball and B be the union of two translated copies of the original ball. Then the proposition means that you can divide the original ball A into a certain number of pieces and then rotate and translate these pieces in such a way that the result is the whole set B, which contains two copies of A.
The "strong form of the Banach–Tarski paradox" is false in dimensions one and two, but Banach and Tarski showed that an analogous statement remains true if countably many subsets are allowed. The difference between the dimensions 1 and 2 on the one hand, and three and higher, on the other hand, is due to the richer structure of the group "G""n" of the Euclidean motions in the higher dimensions, which is solvable for "n" =1, 2 and contains a free group with two generators for "n" ≥ 3. John von Neumann studied the properties of the group of equivalences that make a paradoxical decomposition possible and introduced the notion of amenable groups. He also found a form of the paradox in the plane which uses area-preserving affine transformations in place of the usual congruences.
Tarski proved that amenable groups are precisely those for which no paradoxical decompositions exist.
Formal treatment.
The Banach–Tarski paradox states that a ball in the ordinary Euclidean space can be doubled using only the operations of partitioning into subsets, replacing a set with a congruent set, and reassembly. Its mathematical structure is greatly elucidated by emphasizing the role played by the group of Euclidean motions and introducing the notions of equidecomposable sets and paradoxical set. Suppose that "G" is a group acting on a set "X". In the most important special case, "X" is an "n"-dimensional Euclidean space, and "G" consists of all isometries of "X", i.e. the transformations of "X" into itself that preserve the distances. Two geometric figures that can be transformed into each other are called congruent, and this terminology will be extended to the general "G"-action. Two subsets "A" and "B" of "X" are called "G"-equidecomposable, or equidecomposable with respect to "G", if "A" and "B" can be partitioned into the same finite number of respectively "G"-congruent pieces. It is easy to see that this defines an equivalence relation among all subsets of "X". Formally, if
and there are elements "g"1...,"g""k" of "G" such that for each "i" between 1 and "k", "g""i" ("A""i" ) = "B""i" , then we will say that "A" and "B" are "G"-equidecomposable using "k" pieces. If a set "E" has two disjoint subsets "A" and "B" such that "A" and "E", as well as "B" and "E", are "G"-equidecomposable then "E" is called paradoxical.
Using this terminology, the Banach–Tarski paradox can be reformulated as follows:
In fact, there is a sharp result in this case, due to Robinson: doubling the ball can be accomplished with five pieces, and fewer than five pieces will not suffice.
The strong version of the paradox claims:
While apparently more general, this statement is derived in a simple way from the doubling of a ball by using a generalization of the Bernstein–Schroeder theorem due to Banach that implies that if "A" is equidecomposable with a subset of "B" and "B" is equidecomposable with a subset of "A", then "A" and "B" are equidecomposable.
The Banach–Tarski paradox can be put in context by pointing out that for two sets in the strong form of the paradox, there is always a bijective function that can map the points in one shape into the other in a one-to-one fashion. In the language of Georg Cantor's set theory, these two sets have equal cardinality. Thus, if one enlarges the group to allow arbitrary bijections of "X" then all sets with non-empty interior become congruent. Likewise, we can make one ball into a larger or smaller ball by stretching, in other words, by applying similarity transformations. Hence if the group "G" is large enough, we may find "G"-equidecomposable sets whose "size" varies. Moreover, since a countable set can be made into two copies of itself, one might expect that somehow, using countably many pieces could do the trick. On the other hand, in the Banach–Tarski paradox the number of pieces is finite and the allowed equivalences are Euclidean congruences, which preserve the volumes. Yet, somehow, they end up doubling the volume of the ball! While this is certainly surprising, some of the pieces used in the paradoxical decomposition are non-measurable sets, so the notion of volume (more precisely, Lebesgue measure) is not defined for them, and the partitioning cannot be accomplished in a practical way. In fact, the Banach–Tarski paradox demonstrates that it is impossible to find a finitely-additive measure (or a Banach measure) defined on all subsets of a Euclidean space of three (and greater) dimensions that is invariant with respect to Euclidean motions and takes the value one on a unit cube. In his later work, Tarski showed that, conversely, non-existence of paradoxical decompositions of this type implies the existence of a finitely-additive invariant measure.
The heart of the proof of the "doubling the ball" form of the paradox presented below is the remarkable fact that by a Euclidean isometry (and renaming of elements), one can divide a certain set (essentially, the surface of a unit sphere) into four parts, then rotate one of them to become itself plus two of the other parts. This follows rather easily from a "F"2-paradoxical decomposition of "F"2, the free group with two generators. Banach and Tarski's proof relied on an analogous fact discovered by Hausdorff some years earlier: the surface of a unit sphere in space is a disjoint union of three sets "B", "C", "D" and a countable set "E" such that, on the one hand, "B", "C", "D" are pairwise congruent, and, on the other hand, "B" is congruent with the union of "C" and "D". This is often called the Hausdorff paradox.
Connection with earlier work and the role of the axiom of choice.
Banach and Tarski explicitly acknowledge Giuseppe Vitali's 1905 construction of the set bearing his name, Hausdorff's paradox (1914), and an earlier (1923) paper of Banach as the precursors to their work. Vitali's and Hausdorff's constructions depend on Zermelo's axiom of choice ("AC"), which is also crucial to the Banach–Tarski paper, both for proving their paradox and for the proof of another result:
They remark:
and point out that while the second result fully agrees with our geometric intuition, its proof uses AC in an even more substantial way than the proof of the paradox. Thus Banach and Tarski imply that AC should not be rejected simply because it produces a paradoxical decomposition, for such an argument also undermines proofs of geometrically intuitive statements.
However, in 1949 A.P. Morse showed that the statement about Euclidean polygons can be proved in ZF set theory and thus does not require the axiom of choice. In 1964, Paul Cohen proved that the axiom of choice cannot be proved from ZF. A weaker version of an axiom of choice is the axiom of dependent choice, DC. It has been shown that
Large amounts of mathematics use AC. As Stan Wagon points out at the end of his monograph, the Banach–Tarski paradox has been more significant for its role in pure mathematics than for foundational questions: it motivated a fruitful new direction for research, the amenability of groups, which has nothing to do with the foundational questions.
In 1991, using then-recent results by Matthew Foreman and Friedrich Wehrung, Janusz Pawlikowski proved that the Banach–Tarski paradox follows from ZF plus the Hahn–Banach theorem. The Hahn–Banach theorem doesn't rely on the full axiom of choice but can be proved using a weaker version of AC called the ultrafilter lemma. So Pawlikowski proved that the set theory needed to prove the Banach–Tarski paradox, while stronger than ZF, is weaker than full ZFC.
A sketch of the proof.
Here we sketch a proof which is similar but not identical to that given by Banach and Tarski. Essentially, the paradoxical decomposition of the ball is achieved in four steps:
We now discuss each of these steps in more detail.
Step 1.
The free group with two generators "a" and "b" consists of all finite strings that can be formed from the four symbols "a", "a"−1, "b" and "b"−1 such that no "a" appears directly next to an "a"−1 and no "b" appears directly next to a "b"−1. Two such strings can be concatenated and converted into a string of this type by repeatedly replacing the "forbidden" substrings with the empty string. For instance: "abab"−1"a"−1 concatenated with "abab"−1"a" yields "abab"−1"a"−1"abab"−1"a", which contains the substring "a"−1"a", and so gets reduced to "abaab"−1"a". One can check that the set of those strings with this operation forms a group with identity element the empty string "e". We will call this group "F"2.
The group formula_2 can be "paradoxically decomposed" as follows: let "S"("a") be the set of all non-forbidden strings that start with "a" and define "S"("a"−1), "S"("b") and "S"("b"−1) similarly. Clearly,
but also
and
The notation "aS"("a"−1) means take all the strings in "S"("a"−1) and concatenate them on the left with "a".
Make sure that you understand this last line, because it is at the core of the proof. For example, there may be a string formula_6 in the set formula_7 which, because of the rule that formula_8 must not appear next to formula_9, reduces to the string formula_10. Similarly, it contains all the strings that start with formula_9 (for example the string formula_12 which reduces to formula_9). In this way, formula_7 contains all the strings that start with formula_10, formula_16 and formula_9.
We have cut our group "F"2 into four pieces (plus the singleton {"e"}), then "shifted" two of them by multiplying with "a" or "b", then "reassembled" two pieces to make one copy of formula_2 and the other two to make another copy of formula_2. That is exactly what we want to do to the ball.
Step 2.
In order to find a free group of rotations of 3D space, i.e. that behaves just like (or "is isomorphic to") the free group "F"2, we take two orthogonal axes, e.g. the "x" and "z" axes, and let "A" be a rotation of formula_20 about the first, x axis, and "B" be a rotation of formula_21 about the "z" axis (there are many other suitable pairs of irrational multiples of π, that could be used here as well).
The group of rotations generated by "A" and "B" will be called H. 
Let formula_22 be an element of H which starts with a rotation on the "z" axis, of the form formula_23.
It can be shown by induction that formula_22 maps the point formula_25 to formula_26
where formula_27, and formula_28. The same argument repeated (by symmetry of the problem) is valid for the opposite angle, as well as on the "x" axis. This shows that for any non trivial word formula_29 H, then formula_30. Therefore the group H is a free group, isomorphic to "F"2.
The two rotations behave just like the elements "a" and "b" in the group "F"2: we now have a paradoxical decomposition of H.
This step cannot be performed in two dimensions since it involves rotations in three dimensions. If we take two rotations about the same axis, the resulting group is commutative and doesn't have the property required in step 1.
An alternate arithmetic proof of the existence of free groups in some special orthogonal groups using integral quaternions leads to paradoxical decompositions of the rotation group.
Step 3.
The unit sphere "S"2 is partitioned into orbits by the action of our group H: two points belong to the same orbit if and only if there's a rotation in H which moves the first point into the second. (Note that the orbit of a point is a dense set in "S"2.) We can use the axiom of choice to pick exactly one point from every orbit; collect these points into a set "M". Now (almost) every point in "S"2 can be reached in exactly one way by applying the proper rotation from H to the proper element from "M", and because of this, the paradoxical decomposition of H then yields a paradoxical decomposition of "S"2 into four pieces "A1", "A2", "A3", "A4" as follows:
where we use the notation
and likewise for the other sets and define
The (majority of the) sphere has now been divided into four sets (each one dense on the sphere), and when two of these are rotated, we end up with double what we had before:
Step 4.
Finally, connect every point on "S"2 with a ray to the origin; the paradoxical decomposition of "S"2 then yields a paradoxical decomposition of the solid unit ball minus the point at the ball's centre (this center point needs a bit more care, see below).
N.B. This sketch glosses over some details. One has to be careful about the set of points on the sphere which happen to lie on the axis of some rotation in H. However, there are only countably many such points, and like the point at the centre of the ball, it is possible to patch the proof to account for them all (see below).
Some details, fleshed out.
In Step 3, we partitioned the sphere into orbits of our group H. To streamline the proof, we omitted the discussion of points that are fixed by some rotation; since the paradoxical decomposition of "F"2 relies on shifting certain subsets, the fact that some points are fixed might cause some trouble. Since any rotation of "S"2 (other than the null rotation) has exactly two fixed points, and since H, which is isomorphic to "F"2, is countable, there are countably many points of "S"2 that are fixed by some rotation in H, denote this set of fixed points "D". Step 3 proves that "S"2 − "D" admits a paradoxical decomposition.
What remains to be shown is the Claim: "S"2 − "D" is equidecomposable with "S"2.
"Proof." Let λ be some line through the origin that does not intersect any point in "D" – this is possible since "D" is countable. Let "J" be the set of angles, α, such that for some natural number "n", and some "P" in "D", r("n"α)P is also in "D", where r("n"α) is a rotation about λ of "n"α. Then "J" is countable so there exists an angle θ not in "J". Let ρ be the rotation about λ by θ, then ρ acts on "S"2 with no fixed points in "D", i.e., ρ"n"("D") is disjoint from "D", and for natural "m"<"n", ρ"n"("D") is disjoint from ρ"m"("D"). Let "E" be the disjoint union of ρ"n"("D") over "n" = 0, 1, 2, ... Then "S"2 = "E" ∪ ("S"2 − "E") ~ ρ("E") ∪ ("S"2 − "E") = ("E" − "D") ∪ ("S"2 − "E") = "S"2 − "D", where ~ denotes "is equidecomposable to".
For step 4, it has already been shown that the ball minus a point admits a paradoxical decomposition; it remains to be shown that the ball minus a point is equidecomposable with the ball. Consider a circle within the ball, containing the point at the centre of the ball. Using an argument like that used to prove the Claim, one can see that the full circle is equidecomposable with the circle minus the point at the ball's centre. (Basically, a countable set of points on the circle can be rotated to give itself plus one more point.) Note that this involves the rotation about a point other than the origin, so the Banach–Tarski paradox involves isometries of Euclidean 3-space rather than just SO(3).
We are using the fact that if "A" ~ "B" and "B" ~ "C", then "A" ~ "C". The decomposition of "A" into "C" can be done using number of pieces equal to the product of the numbers needed for taking "A" into "B" and for taking "B" into "C".
The proof sketched above requires 2 × 4 × 2 + 8 = 24 pieces, a factor of 2 to remove fixed points, a factor 4 from step 1, a factor 2 to recreate fixed points, and 8 for the center point of the second ball. But in step 1 when moving {"e"} and all strings of the form "an" into "S"("a"−1), do this to all orbits except one. Move {"e"} of this last orbit to the center point of the second ball. This brings the total down to 16 + 1 pieces. With more algebra one can also decompose fixed orbits into 4 sets as in step 1. This gives 5 pieces and is the best possible.
Obtaining infinitely many balls from one.
Using the Banach–Tarski paradox, it is possible to obtain "k" copies of a ball in the Euclidean "n"-space from one, for any integers "n" ≥ 3 and "k" ≥ 1, i.e. a ball can be cut into "k" pieces so that each of them is equidecomposable to a ball of the same size as the original. Using the fact that the free group "F"2 of rank 2 admits a free subgroup of countably infinite rank, a similar proof yields that the unit sphere "S""n"−1 can be partitioned into countably infinitely many pieces, each of which is equidecomposable (with two pieces) to the "S""n"−1 using rotations. By using analytic properties of the rotation group SO("n"), which is a connected analytic Lie group, one can further prove that the sphere "S""n"−1 can be partitioned into as many pieces as there are real numbers (that is, formula_39 pieces), so that each piece is equidecomposable with two pieces to "S""n"−1 using rotations. These results then extend to the unit ball deprived of the origin. A 2010 article by Valeriy Churkin gives a new proof of the continuous version of the Banach–Tarski paradox.
The von Neumann paradox in the Euclidean plane.
In the Euclidean plane, two figures that are equidecomposable with respect to the group of Euclidean motions are necessarily of the same area, therefore, a paradoxical decomposition of a square or disk of Banach–Tarski type that uses only Euclidean congruences is impossible. A conceptual explanation of the distinction between the planar and higher-dimensional cases was given by John von Neumann: unlike the group SO(3) of rotations in three dimensions, the group "E"(2) of Euclidean motions of the plane is solvable, which implies the existence of a finitely-additive measure on "E"(2) and R2 which is invariant under translations and rotations, and rules out paradoxical decompositions of non-negligible sets. Von Neumann then posed the following question: can such a paradoxical decomposition be constructed if one allowed a larger group of equivalences?
It is clear that if one permits similarities, any two squares in the plane become equivalent even without further subdivision. This motivates restricting one's attention to the group "SA"2 of area-preserving affine transformations. Since the area is preserved, any paradoxical decomposition of a square with respect to this group would be counterintuitive for the same reasons as the Banach–Tarski decomposition of a ball. In fact, the group "SA"2 contains as a subgroup the special linear group "SL"(2,R), which in its turn contains the free group "F"2 with two generators as a subgroup. This makes it plausible that the proof of Banach–Tarski paradox can be imitated in the plane. The main difficulty here lies in the fact that the unit square is not invariant under the action of the linear group "SL"(2, R), hence one cannot simply transfer a paradoxical decomposition from the group to the square, as in the third step of the above proof of the Banach–Tarski paradox. Moreover, the fixed points of the group present difficulties (for example, the origin is fixed under all linear transformations). This is why von Neumann used the larger group "SA"2 including the translations, and he constructed a paradoxical decomposition of the unit square with respect to the enlarged group (in 1929). Applying the Banach–Tarski method, the paradox for the square can be strengthened as follows:
As von Neumann notes,
To explain this a bit more, the question of whether a finitely additive measure exists, that is preserved under certain transformations, depends on what transformations are allowed. The Banach measure of sets in the plane, which is preserved by translations and rotations, is not preserved by non-isometric transformations even when they do preserve the area of polygons. The points of the plane (other than the origin) can be divided into two dense sets which we may call "A" and "B". If the "A" points of a given polygon are transformed by a certain area-preserving transformation and the "B" points by another, both sets can become subsets of the "A" points in two new polygons. The new polygons have the same area as the old polygon, but the two transformed sets cannot have the same measure as before (since they contain only part of the "A" points), and therefore there is no measure that "works".
The class of groups isolated by von Neumann in the course of study of Banach–Tarski phenomenon turned out to be very important for many areas of mathematics: these are amenable groups, or groups with an invariant mean, and include all finite and all solvable groups. Generally speaking, paradoxical decompositions arise when the group used for equivalences in the definition of equidecomposability is "not" amenable.

</doc>
<doc id="19759227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759227" title="John Chiedozie">
John Chiedozie

John Chiedozie (born 18 April 1960 in Owerri, Nigeria) is a former professional player who played for Leyton Orient, Notts County, Tottenham Hotspur, Derby County, Chesterfield and representing Nigeria at international level on nine occasions.
Football career.
Chiedozie joined Orient as an apprentice in April 1977 where he went on to make 145 appearances including 14 as sub and scoring 20 goals. In August 1981 he joined Notts County for the first time in a £600,000 transfer deal. Chiedozie featured in 111 matches including one as substitute and finding the net on 15 occasions.
Tottenham paid £375,000 for his services in August 1984. The winger showed great pace but was often the victim of over zealous defenders. In his career at the club, much of it disrupted through injury, he played in 75 matches, including 11 as sub, scoring 14 goals in all competitions.
Derby County was his next club, which he joined on a free transfer in August 1988, where he completed only two games in his time at the Baseball Ground. A second spell at Notts County began in January 1990 which resulted in just one substitute appearance, before joining Chesterfield in March 1990 where he featured in seven matches, including five as sub. Chiedozie ended his career at the Hampshire non-league side Bashley, and retired from competitive football in 1992.
Honours.
In 2002, he was honoured with the title of "Officer of the Order of Niger" by President of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo for his contribution to Nigerian football.
After football.
Today, Chiedozie runs a children's soft play equipment business in the New Forest area of Hampshire.
His son Jordan, also a winger, is with the Bournemouth academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19759229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759229" title="Douglas Costa">
Douglas Costa

Douglas Costa de Souza (born 14 September 1990 in Sapucaia do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul), commonly known as Douglas Costa or simply Douglas, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk as a forward. He started his career with Grêmio, before moving to Shakhtar in January 2010 for a fee of €6 million. He won numerous trophies with Shakhtar, including a domestic treble in the 2010–11 season (Premier League, the Ukrainian Cup and the Super Cup).
Club career.
Grêmio.
Douglas began his career with Grêmio, joining the club at the age of 12. He made his debut for the club at the age of 18 in a 2–1 victory over Botafogo on 4 October 2008. His first goal for the club also came in this match. On 14 June 2009 he was given a red card in a 0–0 draw with Fluminense. On 29 November 2009, he netted the first goal in a 4–2 victory over Grêmio Recreativo Barueri. He joined Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk on 10 January 2010. He made 37 appearances for Grêmio, including 28 league appearances, scoring twice.
Shakhtar Donetsk.
2009–10.
On 10 January 2010, Douglas signed a five-year contract with Shakhtar Donetsk in a deal worth €6 million. His debut came in a Europa League tie against English side Fulham on 18 February which Shakhtar lost 2–1. He came on as a substitute in the 75th minute, replacing Jádson. His home debut came in the return leg on 25 February. Douglas came on as 53rd minute replacement for Willian, assisting Jádson for Shakhtar's equaliser in a 1–1 draw. Shakhtar lost the tie 3–2 on aggregate. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 win against Metalist Kharkiv on 14 March 2010. On 28 March he scored a goal in injury time in a 3–1 victory against Arsenal Kyiv. He scored a goal in a 3–0 victory over Chornomorets Odesa on 25 April. On 1 May he scored a late goal in Shakhtar's 2–0 win against Metalurh Zaporizhya. He scored Shakhtar's third goal in a 3–2 victory over Tavriya Simferopol on 9 May. In his first season with Shakhtar, Douglas made 15 appearances, including 13 league appearances, scoring 5 goals, all of which came in the league. Shakhtar won the 2009–10 Premier League title, Douglas' first trophy with the club.
2010–11.
Douglas' first appearance in the 2010–11 season came in the 7–1 Super Cup win against Tavriya on 4 July. On 30 July, he netted a brace in a 3–1 victory against Arsenal Kyiv. He scored the fourth goal in Shakhtar's 5–0 victory over Sevastopol. On 28 September he scored a penalty, and assisted two Luiz Adriano goals in a 3–0 Champions League victory over Portuguese club Braga. On 28 September he scored a penalty in a 4–0 win against Arsenal Kyiv. On 16 February he netted the second goal, and assisted the third for Luiz Adriano, in a 3–2 victory over Roma. Shakhtar won the tie 6–2 on aggregate. On 1 April he scored a late goal in a 3–1 victory over Illichivets Mariupol. He came on as a 95th minute substitute in Shakhtar's 2–0 Ukrainian Cup Final victory over Dynamo Kyiv on 25 May. Shakhtar managed to end the season as treble winners, winning the Premier League, Ukrainian Cup and the Super Cup. Douglas made a total of 42 appearances for the club, scoring 7 goals. 27 of the appearances and 5 of the goals came in the league.
2011–12.
Shakhtar started the 2011–12 season with a 3–1 loss in the Super Cup to Dynamo Kyiv on 5 July. Douglas played the full 90 minutes. His first goal of the season came on 9 September, scoring the final goal in a 5–1 victory against Volyn Lutsk. On 2 October he scored the equalising goal in a 4–1 victory over Zorya Luhansk. On 6 November he scored the first goal in a 2–0 win over Obolon Kyiv. On 27 November he scored a penalty to open the scoring in a 5–0 victory over Karpaty Lviv. On 2 December he netted a goal against Arsenal Kyiv in a comprehensive 5–0 win. On 11 December he scored the first goal in a 4–0 win against Kryvbas. On 27 April he scored a 90th minute goal in a 4–3 victory over Volyn in the Ukrainian Cup. He made a 62nd minute substitute appearance, replacing Henrikh Mkhitaryan, in Shakhtar's 2–1 extra time victory over Metalurh Donetsk. At the end of the season Shakhtar won the Premier League and the Ukrainian Cup, Douglas' third Premier League title success in his third year with the club. He played 38 matches, scoring 7 goals. 27 of the appearances and 6 of the goals came in the league.
2012–13.
Douglas opened the 2012–13 season with a goal in Shakhtar's 2–0 win against Metalurh Donetsk in the Super Cup, his second success in the Super Cup with Shakhtar. Douglas scored his first league goal of the season on 3 November 2012, when he converted a 20th minute penalty against Metalurh Zaporizhya, the match finished 2–0 thanks to a late goal by Luiz Adriano. On 24 November, Douglas came off the bench in the 55th minute, replacing team captain Darijo Srna, and netted a goal seven minutes later when he was played in by Armenian striker Henrik Mkhitaryan, as Shakhtar defeated FC Hoverla Uzhhorod 5–1.
During the group stages of the season's edition of Champions League, Douglas only managed three substitute appearances, totaling twenty-three minutes, as Shakhtar finished second in the group behind Serie A champions Juventus, while dumping holders Chelsea out of the competition. Following an underwhelming first half of the 2012–13 campaign, Douglas came off the bench to score a vital goal in Shakhtar's 2–2 first leg draw with Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League Round of 16 tie on 13 February 2013.
2013-14.
In mid-season Costa helped Shakhtar win the 2014 United Supercup, a tournament between the top-two placed clubs from Russia and Ukraine, becoming the joint top scorer of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19759239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759239" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 44">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 44

The 44th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19759254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759254" title="Danny Mota">
Danny Mota

Daniel Avila Mota (October 9, 1975 in El Seibo, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Mota played for the Minnesota Twins in the 2000 season. In four games, he had a 8.44 ERA, in 5.3 innings pitched, with three Strikeouts. Mota batted and threw right-handed. 
He was signed by the New York Yankees as an amateur free agent in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19759259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759259" title="Mimas (giant)">
Mimas (giant)

Mimas was one of the Gigantes of Greek mythology. Like the other giant sons of Gaia, Mimas had serpents for legs and was born fully armoured. Mimas was slain by Hephaestus during the war against the Olympians by a volley of molten iron, or slain by Ares or Zeus and was robbed of an armor. According to legend, the island Prochyte lay atop Mimas' remains. Saturn's moon, Mimas, is named for the giant.

</doc>
<doc id="19759278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759278" title="Gotlands nation">
Gotlands nation

Gotlands nation is one of the 13 student nations at Uppsala University. It is named for the island of Gotland, where most of its students come from.
The nation is primarily known for it's Lambskallegasque; An annual dinner where gratinated lambs head is served as the main course. Gotlands is one of the smallest of Uppsala's nations, rarely going above 800 members. It is also notably the only nation in Uppsala with its nation building on the east side of the River fyris.
The nation was formed in 1681 and was the nation of Betty Pettersson (1838-1885), the first female student at a Swedish university, after whom Gotlands names its pub.

</doc>
<doc id="19759310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759310" title="Barbara Jelić-Ružić">
Barbara Jelić-Ružić

Barbara Jelić-Ružić (born 8 May 1977) is a former international volleyball player for Croatia. She stands 1.93 meters tall.
Barbara Jelić was born in Novo Mesto. At 17 she went to Japan to play as a professional for five years, where she was frequently honored best player in different categories.
As an outstanding outside and opposite hitter she led the Croatian team with her father Ivica Jelić as coach to three silver medals at the European Championships 1995, 1997 and 1999, a sensational 7th place at the Olympics in Sydney 2000 and a 6th place at the World Championship 1998 in Japan. Thereby she often scored more points than the rest of her teammates all together. Accordingly she was elected best scorer at the WC 1998, the World Cup 1999, the Olympic Qualification 2000 and more. In 2000 she was honored best player of Europe. She was considered the most valuable player at the Sydney Games.
After her time in Japan she played in the Italian and Turkish league gaining further titles - with an interruption to become a mother - and called it a career in 2004.
She briefly returned to support Croatia at the European Championship in her home country in 2005, persuaded by her coach-father to be a role model for young Croatian girls. After a good 3rd place in preliminaries with outstanding Ruzic, Croatia finished ranked 8th with Ruzic being slightly injured in the final round.
In 2001 she married Tomislav Ružić, a Croatian basketball player.

</doc>
<doc id="19759311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759311" title="Julimes Municipality">
Julimes Municipality

Julimes is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Julimes. The municipality covers an area of 2,767.3 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,507. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 48 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19759361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759361" title="John Cole (geographer)">
John Cole (geographer)

John Peter Cole (b. 1928, Sydney, Australia) is a British geographer. 
He graduated from the University of Nottingham in 1950. He later returned there to join the staff of the Geography Department, rising to become Professor of Urban and Regional Geography. He is currently Emeritus Professor of Geography at the university.
Since 1957 he has written or co-authored over 25 books on geography. 

</doc>
<doc id="19759425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759425" title="Sheep Research Center (Mannavanur)">
Sheep Research Center (Mannavanur)

Southern Regional Research Centre (SRRC) is a regional centre of the Central Sheep & Wool Research Institute (CSWRI), a premier Institution of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (I.C.A.R), New Delhi. The SRRC was founded on November 16, 1965 and has been active for over 45 years at Mannavanur. The centre was created in 1965 by former Agriculture Minister, Shri C. Subramaniam. It is located 30 km away from Kodaikanal. This centre is the animal science research centre under ICAR for both Tamil Nadu and Kerala states. It is located in Mannavanur village, Dindigul district in the Indian state of Tamil Naduon of rolling grassland at altitude .
The centre breeds sheep and rabbits for wool and meat, including Angora, Chinchilla, White giant and others. 
The site is one of the last extensive chunks of high altitude grassland left in the Palani Hills. Others have been taken over by Eucalyptus, Wattle and other plantations. Spotted deer, gaur, wild dogs, sambar and other animals are regular visitors to the campus. The small lake within it has common carp, mirror carp and otters.
Research.
The mandate of the centre is to:
Scientific research at the centre targets:
They employ 4 full-time scientists and 3 technical officers.

</doc>
<doc id="19759456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759456" title="Conquest of Pangea">
Conquest of Pangea

Conquest of Pangea is a strategy board game, where players control evolving species battling to control sections of the mega-continent Pangea. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2006 as the second game in its Immortal Eyes line. It has one expansion, Conquest of Pangea: Atlantis, which adds a new piece to the board (Atlantis) and some additional rules, as well as a few rule revisions.
Gameplay.
The point of the game is to gain the most "dominance points" before the continent of Pangea has broken apart. These are earned by controlling different areas on the board, each of which has a terrain type that is randomly assigned at the beginning of the game. The game is played over a number of turns, where each turn, a player is given five "power points". The player spends these points to take different actions, such as increasing the units in a controlled area, moving to an area he controls, and battling with an opponent for control of an adjacent area. When a player gains control of two or more areas with a similar terrain type, his species gains a new power, represented on a power card. Additionally, a player gains power cards based on the actions performed during the turn. These power cards can be used to help in battles or to gain additional "power points" towards more actions on a turn. At the end of each turn, the player flips over an event card and determines what event occurs as well as how much time has passed. Once the action occurs, the card is place in a row and the total amount of time on the cards in the row is added together. If 25 million or more years have passed (are in the row), the piece of the continent shown on the last card breaks away from Pangea. Once all 6 smaller continents have broken apart, the game ends and the person with the most "dominance points" wins.

</doc>
<doc id="19759465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759465" title="Drexel Manor (SEPTA Route 102 station)">
Drexel Manor (SEPTA Route 102 station)

Drexel Manor is a stop on the SEPTA Route 102 (Sharon Hill) trolley line in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. The station is officially located near Burmont Road and Cheswold Road. Like the Marshall Road stop, the Route 102 line runs in between Cheswold and Blanchard Roads, both of which terminate at Burmont Road. Two schools are located in the vicinity of this station.
Trolleys arriving at this station travel between 69th Street Terminal in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania and Sharon Hill, Pennsylvania. The station contains no shelters, although a vacant lot on the southeast corner of the Burmont Road grade crossing could serve as a potential location for one, if it hadn't already existed there the past. A sidewalk along Cheswold Road currently serves as a platform, and a retaining wall across the tracks may or may not have included another one at one time. Drexel Manor Station is located a block southwest of the Garrettford stop.

</doc>
<doc id="19759467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759467" title="La Cruz Municipality">
La Cruz Municipality

La Cruz is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at La Cruz. The municipality covers an area of 1,035.9 km².
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,844. 
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 27 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19759479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759479" title="List of Darkstalkers characters">
List of Darkstalkers characters

This is a list of characters from Capcom's "Darkstalkers" fighting game series and media franchise.
Introduced in "Darkstalkers".
Anakaris.
Foreseeing his death and revival, creates a pyramid and a place for his revival. Five thousand years later, he is revived when Pyron appears. In order to rule his kingdom once more, he gathers immense power from battling others and then travels back 5,000 years in time. When his kingdom is threatened again, he assumes the form of a mummy to fight during the battles. After fighting off the invaders he retaliates and conquers them. Once his kingdom is saved, he hears a voice from the far future. He travels to the present time and enters the Majigen. During the battles within Majigen he learns that the destruction of his kingdom, and his people, is unavoidable. In response to this revelation he returns to the past and transports his kingdom beneath the Earth into a new dimension, so that it may be free of the wars of Earth.
Anakaris' voice is provided by Kan Tokumaru, who also plays Bishamon, Sasquatch and Victor.
Bishamon.
When is looking around in an old antique shop, as if drawn by fate, he finds a piece of armor and a katana sword. At that moment he loses his power of thought. When he regains his senses he is at his house, the armor and sword sitting beside him. When he goes to the store to ask what happened, he finds out that he had aggressively forced the owner of the shop to give the armor and sword to him. Bishamon himself had no memory of this. It made no sense to him but, as he stares at the armor, it feels meaningless to him. At that time his wife, Orin, worries about Bishamon as he sits in front of the armor for days. She asks him to let go of the armor and sword, but Bishamon heard nothing of it. Two weeks later, he decides to ignore his wife and wear the armor. The moment he puts it on he realises his mistake and, with the last of his strength, shouts "Run ... Run, Orin!!". Bishamon's mind is full of hate and cursed power. He had donned Hannya, the armor of hate, and Kien, the blood-sucking sword. He then goes on countless days of killing, as Hannya demands more sacrifices. When Bishamon had fought against Pyron, his energies caused Bishamon to be separated from Hannya's curse. To make up for his sins, he and his wife became priests (or monks). The practice he had started was called "Roppoudou". This practice gave its followers a strong mind, cleansing it and the spirit of its followers. Traveling throughout Japan brings peace to his heart again. Several years later he had stops by an old temple. He finds documents about a separate dimension called "Makai", which contain drawings. These drawings depict the armor, "Hannya", and the sword, "Kien" and other creatures similar to them in what seems like hell. Bishamon thinks that a careless person like himself may appear again, and that he may not be able to make up for his sins, but he may be able to prevent a similar tragedy. As he has already walked the path of darkness; he has nothing to fear. To make contact with this "Makai", he secludes himself within a deep snowy mountain. He sits down and holds the Shakujou, starting to meditate. Then his spiritual strength has reached its peak, he can see a different world and is determined to seal Hannya away at any cost. At the same time Hannya has started to thirst for blood once again. Even without having a master this time, the armor and sword start to move again. They gather all the spirits around them to create a body and move out to hunt Darkstalkers and their blood. When Hannya and Kien move out, they are sucked into the Majigen. Before Hannya can kill, Bishamon catches up to him and seals him away. Bishamon disappears and is thought to have led a peaceful life.
Bishamon made a cameo appearance in "Capcom vs. SNK 2" as one of the floats in the Nebuta stage.
Demitri Maximoff.
Deep within the mountains of Romania lies a castle that appears only on a full moon. The castle is named after the owner of the land, Zeltzereich. This castle belongs to a Makai noble, , who is said to be the nephew of Count Dracula. Roughly 100 years previously he had challenged Belial Aensland. He lost the battle and was exiled from Makai to the human world with his castle. Sunlight was something that was troublesome for people of Makai, especially for Demitri, who was severely wounded in his battle with Belial. If he were to be directly exposed, his body would be destroyed from the inside and he would disappear. To avoid the sunlight and humans he used what he had left of his powers and created an energy field to cover his castle. He used this field to recover his strength and heal his wounds. For 50 years he stayed within his casket. As he slowly regained his strength, he would step out only on a full moon with a force-field around his body. People would wander into the castle and hear rumors of the treasures within. They would bring crosses, stakes, garlic, holy water, and silver bullets and, thinking they were safe, recklessly attack Demitri. Demitri was untouched as such weapons had no effect on him. To Demitri, humans were a low class vulgar race although he enjoyed their blood. He savored the blood of innocent girls the most, as it reminded him of the finest Makaian wine. Those who had their blood taken by Demitri had their body and soul consumed by evil and would become loyal servants to him. Around 40 people settled in Demitri's castle to care for him. When Demitri recovered 80% of his powers he was able to temporarily create an aura around him that would protect him from sunlight. After 100 years of humiliation for his loss, the "Prince of Darkness" steadily readied himself to take over Makai once again. He was confident that he was strong enough to challenge and defeat the ruler of Makai, Belial. When he returned to Makai, he found out that Belial had died and his daughter, Morrigan, was the heir to the Aensland family and the present ruler of Makai. As Demitri prepared himself to challenge Morrigan, he and his castle were sucked into the Majigen by Jedah. Believing that defeating Jedah was an important step he goes off to fight him, though the outcome of the battle remains unknown.
Demitri's voice in the games is provided by Nobuyuki Hiyama, who reprises the role in "Capcom Fighting Evolution", "", the Japanese version of "Cross Edge", "Namco × Capcom" and "Project X Zone". In the anime, he is voiced by Akio Ōtsuka. Paul Dobson plays him in the dubbed version of the anime, while Richard Epcar plays him in the English version of "Cross Edge".
Huitzil.
Huitzil, in Japan, is one of many robots created by Pyron, who had came to Earth 65 million years previously. At the time of their creation, the Huitzil robots are given orders to destroy all life on the planet. After destroying the dinosaurs, they go deep underground. Huitzil goes into a long sleep and has not functioned since. Around 520 A.D. they were found by the Mayans and used for many purposes. Later they are put into the Teotihuacán ruins and go into another long sleep. When their creator, Pyron, comes back to Earth, one of the robots awakens and prepares to complete its orders again. Due to a malfunction, Huitzil carries out new orders—to protect a young boy named Cecil. In "Darkstalkers 3" the primary unit, who befriends Cecil, is destroyed protecting him from Jedah and its last act is the reactivation of all the Huitzil units to protect Cecil.
Huitzil, along with Vector from "Star Gladiator," makes a cameo appearance in Roll's ending in "".
Jon Talbain.
Jon Talbain ( in Japan, pronounced like the Japanese word , as opposed to "a gallon of milk") was born and raised in England, his mother dying shortly after giving birth to him. When he finds out he is a darkstalker, he feels no anger towards his parents; to him, his parents were only responsible for his conception. He maintains his human self by cursing his fate. Following his inner voice, he devotes his time to training his body and mind to attain excellent fighting skills. In the demon world of Makai there are seven noble families that are of ruling status. Though the families are of nobility, they also have exceptional fighting prowess; essentially their families are legions of skilled warriors. The Kreutz Family is one of the seven noble families of Makai. Xell, the current master of the Kreutz Family, stands at a height of five meters and is a war dragon. He has the most unusual appearance out of all the noble classes, and those of his family also have appearances that are far from a human form. Despite their savage forms, they are all first class fighters who are highly trained to obey their master's commands. They are very loyal to their master and, as an organized group operating under strict discipline, they will do anything within their remarkable capabilities to execute the will of Xell. Failing to complete an order, or betrayal, is swiftly punished by death. Though their numbers are few, they possess powerful one hit attacks and are feared as the "Bullets of Makai". Baraba Kreutz, titled as the "Wolf Lord", is the leader of the royal guardsmen of the Kreutz family. Twenty years previously he had wandered into the human world, but has forgotten most of his memories spent amongst the humans during this time. Even though his memory is lost, he vaguely remembers a kind English woman who cared for him when he was injured in the human world. When he comes back to Makai, he plays an active role as a fighter in the Kreutz family. Demitri had even said, "He is my best rival in my life." Demitri feels that Baraba's fighting style holds a certain kind of beauty in its finesse and precision, a kind not found amongst the martial abilities of lesser darkstalkers. Roughly ten years after Baraba returned to Makai, he suddenly disappears. Master Xell searches for him for many years, but does not find him. Some say that he has returned to the human world to reunite with the woman again, but no one knows the truth of the events pertaining to his abrupt absence.Jon lifts his curse and regains his human form after his encounter with Pyron, but this is a temporary illusion as it is impossible for him to cleanse his own blood. His will cannot change the future and, during the battles in Majigen, he comes face to face with his dark self. After defeating his counterpart, he wonders if he should keep pressing forward for answers, or if he should flee. His fate afterwards is unknown, though "Darkstalkers 3" shows that he takes care of two children who are waiting for him to return from the Majigen. Depending on what game or comic you are looking at, he is depicted as being vicious or calm.
He has not been a player character in any Capcom crossover game, but he does make cameo appearances in stage backgrounds or endings.
Lord Raptor.
Lord Raptor ( is a charismatic young rock star, an expert guitarist and known as the "God of Metal". He was unknown before the release of his first album, "Oral Dead". Though not a success initially, enough interest was cultivated until his second album was released. It sold 200,000 copies in a month, and reached one million in three months, becoming the next sensation in the metal scene. He instantly becomes famous throughout Australia. Raptor kills himself, and over a hundred fans, in what would be his final live performance. A few days after Raptor's death, a strange leather-covered book is found in his house. The book is called "A Chapter of Tolagido" and written in what seems to be ancient Hebrew. The book explained the existence of another world called "Makai". The words in the book resemble the lyrics to his hit songs and, in a topic titled "A curse to give sacrifices to the king of Makai", the lyrics to Raptor's song "Sacrifice" were found. This song was the last one played during the concert where Raptor and his audience died. With further research it is discovered that the preparation for the curse took a long time. Since the first album had been released Raptor had already started to brainwash his potential victims; his apparent aim was to start the curse with his music and obtain sacrifices. Because of his notoriety as a power-hungry criminal he is noticed by the Emperor Ozomu, who baptises Raptor's soul in darkness; thus resurrecting him as a zombie. Ozomu then uses Raptor's bloodlust to his advantage, enlisting him into his service with the promise of more power. Although Raptor agrees, his true plans are to kill Ozomu himself and rule as Emperor. Ozomu knows this and sends a small one eyed frog-like creature named Le Malta to surveil Raptor, though he also doubles as Raptor's ally. When the Emperor and his castle disappear, Raptor is puzzled as, when he arrives at the location where Ozomu's castle used to stand, he finds the entrance to the Majigen. This time he intends to kill the creator of the Majigen and take his place.
Lord Raptor is a non-playable enemy character in "Namco × Capcom". It is shown that he shows an unreciprocated romantic interest in Hsien-Ko, as he does in the "Darkstalkers" series, due to their similar status as undead beings. Lord Raptor also teams up with Namco's "Klonoa" villains Joker & Janga in, assisting them in spreading a disease called "Sleeping Sickness". He also appears in "Project X Zone" as a Rival unit. He made a cameo appearance in ' in the Battle Stage, where he performs a rock concert on a stage at his pub, and also appears in ' in the ending for Dormammu.
His voice in the games is provided by Yūji Ueda, who also voices Jon and Rikuo. In the Japanese version of the anime he is voiced by Koichi Yamadera and in the American cartoon series, and the English dub of the anime, he is voiced by Scott McNeil, making Raptor the only character to have the same voice actor in both the American cartoon and the anime.
Pyron.
Demitri Maximoff hosts a tournament on planet Earth to see which of the Darkstalkers is worthy to rule the Demon World. , who has a history with Earth, decides to enter the tournament. He intends to use it as an opportunity to remove all obstacles in his takeover and add Earth to his collection of planets. His plan fails, however, and he is defeated and consumed by Demitri. While Pyron does not appear in the original arcade version of "Darkstalkers 3", he makes a non-canonical appearance in the home console version.
Pyron also appears in ' and during Tekkeman's ending in '. His voice is provided by Nobuyuki Hiyama in the games, Shinji Ogawa in the original Japanese version of the anime, and David Kaye in the English dub of the anime.
Rikuo Aulbath.
Deep beneath the Amazon lies the kingdom of the 30,000 mermen. This peaceful aquatic empire is destroyed by a tremendous earthquake and volcanic activity. The merman emperor, and hero, Rikuo is the sole survivor. His empire destroyed, he is filled with rage and when he finds out that Pyron was the one who caused the destruction of his empire and vows to destroy him. But, when he meets another survivor, Keera Aqueria, he settles down with her to rebuild his empire. He and his wife move out of the Amazon into the great ocean to raise their family. His family consists of his wife Aqueria, his three sons, and 12 soon to hatch eggs. Rikuo and his family live in a crack in the rocks at a depth of 150m. The currents in the ocean do not make their way into the area and it is a perfect location to protect their eggs from danger. His current self-imposed duty is to search for any other survivors of his kingdom. He searches in a radius of 200 km for any other surviving mermen. The deepest he can search is 1000 metres but it is an endless search, but Rikuo still believes that other mermen had survived. Ever since he and his family had moved to this sea, although very faint, he senses the life of something similar to his own race. As each day passes his search for his fellow merman increases in range, and the time he spends with his family decreases. During one of his searches one of his sons, Ricky (Alba in Japan), disappears. He ponders to himself about how one could defend a kingdom if he cannot protect his own family. Soundly believing that his son was sucked into the Majigen, Rikuo heads into Jedah's realm but, when the powers of Makai start to fade, the lost dark sea of Sargasso is released from its century-long isolation and Rikuo finds his son along with a new family of merman. The two families now help one another in order to rebuild the civilization of the sea.
Sasquatch.
In their annual video game awards, "Gamest" named him the ninth best character of 1994, and the 46th of 1995. "Sega Saturn Magazine" described Sasquatch as "a great comedy fighter," calling him a slow, but powerful character. GameDaily listed Sasquatch as one of their 25th favorite Capcom characters of all time, ranking him 19th on their character list and stating, "Sasquatch is a delightful character, not only using fists and ice powers but also his mouth. Just don't kiss him." They later ranked him 20th in their list of top 25 most bizarre fighting characters, stating "He's the closest thing we'll ever see to a Bigfoot-esque character in a fighting game, so we'll happily list Sasquatch among the other weirdos."
Victor von Gerdenheim.
In their annual video game awards, "Gamest" named him the 39th best character of 1994.
Introduced in "Night Warriors".
Anita.
On one of his many journeys, Donovan comes across a young girl named . She is an orphan and almost completely emotionless. Shunned by her orphanage as a witch, she exhibits a strange and unexplained power. Anita is threatened by a hideous monster which Donovan dispatches, though he too is feared by Anita's cowardly guardians. As Donovan turns to leave, Anita motions to Donovan without any words. The people explain that Anita has never exhibited any kind of emotion or word since her family was slaughtered by a Darkstalker. Nonchalantly taking his sword Dhylec, he proves to the people that Anita's heart wasn't lost as he slices off the head of Anita's doll, resulting in her expressing anger and responding with a violent psychic force. Donovan easily subdues the attack and tells Anita that anger is the quickest and most easily summoned emotion, and that her anger was proof that she could still heal her own heart. With nowhere else to go, Anita accompanies Donovan to not only find herself, but to help Donovan fight off the evil Darkstalkers as she had the ability to find them as well. Donovan will help Anita to have her revenge and not follow the same troubled path as he has. Donovan feels that Anita is special, and that she has to be protected, and so becomes Anita's guardian and the bane of evil everywhere. He feels the presence of an oncoming evil on the horizon and knows that Anita also feels it. Anita also keeps the headless doll. Anita appears as Dee's last opponent after Jedah. 
Her appearance resembles the Anita that appeared in Donovan's ending in "Night Warriors: Darkstalkers Revenge" since it shows her in her late teens, seven years later. Her name was not displayed though, or revealed during the "versus" screen when Dee is about to fight her.
Anita made her first crossover appearance as a secret playable character in the Japanese port of "Marvel Super Heroes" (however, since she was just a test character, she was very incomplete and can be considered a cheap character due to her moves). She also appeared as a support character in "".
She was originally named Amanda in the Western versions of "Night Warriors".
Donovan Baine.
Donovan's voice in the video game "Night Warriors: Darkstalkers Revenge" is provided by Nobuyuki Hiyama, who also plays Demitri. In "Darkstalkers 3", "Vampire Savior 2", and "Vampire Hunter 2", he is voiced by Jurota Kosugi.
Hsien-Ko.
According to the backstory of "Night Warriors", Hsien-Ko ( was born in the 1730s, along with a twin named Mei-Ling (—both of the family . During this time, ghosts and spirits of the dead arose from their resting places and attacked a rural Chinese village. After their mother was killed by a powerful demon (said to be Pyron), she and her sister decided to use "Tensei-no-Jutsu" to save her. They use a prohibited technique, "Igyo Tenshin-no-Jutsu", and fought to release their mother's soul from the dark. This turned the twins into a "jiāngshī" ("hopping corpse"), a type of Chinese zombie. This gives them unusual abilities which they use to fight. Mei-Ling is actually the "fú" ("ward-paper") on Hsien-ko's hat. Hsien-ko's powers cannot be fully controlled unless Mei-Ling does so herself, when she becomes the ward-paper. If she separates from Hsien-ko, many of Hsien-Ko's abilities no longer work, so they essentially fight as one. Hsien-Ko is the "body", and Mei-Ling the "mind". Mei-Ling does come out to team up with Hsien-Ko, as seen by their Dark Force ability in "Darkstalkers 3". In the anime, Hsien-Ko seems to be more in control of her body, as she is warned by her sister not to kill their assailants when they are attacked by a group of drunken humans. The two fight many battles during "Night Warriors", eventually winning the freedom of their mother's soul but at the cost of their own lives. Before death, however, the spirit of their mother claims she will not let oblivion become their reward and the twins' souls are reborn as infants in a new life. In "Vampire Savior", the reincarnated sisters live a happy, normal life. However, on their 16th birthday, weird things begin to happen to them. They have the same dream and the next night they fall into a coma, their souls transported to the Dark Realm which calls to them. They find themselves in weird costumes and, although their memories of their past life are sketchy, things begin to slowly come back to them. They regain their unique power of transformation they had lost during death. Now, as saviors and hunters once more, they must find their way home to the Earth Realm. After the events of "Vampire Savior", the sisters are engulfed by the darkness, but their mother's spirit saves them and they return home as humans once more.
Hsien-Ko has made several other appearances in crossover titles. She appears as a playable character in "Namco × Capcom", and is paired with Fong Ling from ' as a single unit, while in "Project X Zone" she is paired up with Frank West from "Dead Rising". Hsien-Ko is also playable in "Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo", "Pocket Fighter", ', and "Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3". She also makes cameo appearances: in "Capcom vs. SNK 2" as a restaurant patron in the Shanghai stage; and in "Street Fighter Alpha 2" as one of the party guests, along with her sister, in Ken's stage. Her voice in the games was provided by Michiko Neya until Saori Hayami took over the role in "Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds". In the anime she is played by Yuko Miyamura in Japanese and Nicole Oliver in English. In the English version of "Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds" and "Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3" she is voiced by Hunter Austin.
GameDaily named Hsien-Ko one of their favorite female Asian video game characters stating, "Hsien-Ko definitely has good looks, despite her oversized hands."
Introduced in "Darkstalkers 3".
Baby Bonnie Hood.
B.B. Hood ( started her Darkhunter profession as droves of creatures from Makai flowed into the human world. Many of these creatures later earned the interest of humans, be it for scientific reasons, out of prejudice, or from simple curiosity. Items useful for decorations and materials that did not exist in the human world (such as the liquid and blood from their internal organs) are of keen interest, especially for research for bio-weapons. A "Darkhunter" is a job that was started to meet the demand for these items. The hunters catch creatures and receive the reward money corresponding to the creature they catch. The high risk is countered by the exceptionally high reward attached to most demons, though failure is not an option. Failing would mean one thing; death. To fight against these creatures, having a fit body, fighting skills and firearms are not enough. It is possible for a Class-C creature to slaughter an entire army of first class elite soldiers. Several hundred Darkhunters are said to exist in the world, their skills varying greatly. Within these hunters B.B. Hood is a "Special S-Class" hunter, meaning she's one of the best there is. Her stare alone can cause the lower ranking Darkstalkers to be filled with fear, and she is able to deflect many kinds of physical attacks. Many say that she was born to be a hunter. Her heart was dark enough that Jedah considered her a Darkstalker. He transported her into the Majigen as a worthy soul, whereupon she simply looked around and said "Heh, they're all mine ... it's been a long time since I had a job this big."
She was created as a way of showing that humans can be more terrifying and bloodthirsty than any monster. Her fighting style uses all kind of weapons; knives, dynamite, pistols, shotguns, rockets, bazookas, cannon, and big men to help her. Her English name is a play on "Little Red Riding Hood", whom she resembles. This is supported by the fact that one of her attacks features her mourning for the grandmother whom she lost, and a special animation plays when she starts a battle with Jon Talbain (Gallon). She is also a playable character in "".
"Sega Saturn Magazine" described her as "a really cool original character" and noted the viability of her attacks. In January 1998 she was named the best character of 1997 by "Gamest" magazine.
Jedah Dohma.
His voice is provided by Isshin Chiba, best known for the voice of Jin Kazama from the "Tekken" series. Chiba reprises the role in "Capcom Fighting Jam", the Japanese version of "Cross Edge", and "Project X Zone", while Travis Willingham provides his voice in the English version of "Cross Edge".
In December 1997 Jedah ranked fifth on "Gamest" "top 50" list of the best video game characters, tying with Dan Hibiki, and in January 1998 was named the seventh best character of the preceding year.
Lilith.
Belial, the ruler of all Makai and Morrigan's adoptive father, foresaw that Makai would soon perish. Someone with great power would be needed to maintain the unbalanced world of Makai and, using his near omnipotent foresight, he predicts that one with such a power would not be born in the family of Aensland for another 1200 years. Knowing this, he personally selects Morrigan as his immediate heir. Morrigan was a very special Succubus; she was born as an "S class" noble. But at that time, a struggle for power had already started between the noble houses. Numerous battles had occurred in various locations. It was unacceptable for a Succubus child to be given such rights to power. Belial decides to split her powers and isolate them in order to protect her. Morrigan's soul is split in two, one half isolated in a negative space that Belial had specifically created. Her powers could not simply be split and, because her powers were forcefully divided, they kept drawing towards each other. To counter this effect Belial took part of her powers and sealed it within himself. Morrigan's soul had been divided into three parts; one in Morrigan, one in the sealed space and one in Belial's body. When these become one again, Morrigan will regain her full powers. When Belial dies, the sealed-off power was supposed to return to its rightful owner. Once this was complete, the next ruler of Makai was supposed to be born, as Belial foresaw it. But, because the part which Belial contained had been lost, Morrigan's power did not return to 100%. An "accident" occurred in the sealed space that Belial did not notice: the sealed-off power had begun to have its own will. had begun to recognize herself, roughly a decade after the sealing process. When Lilith found out about Makai, her feelings grew. These feelings were different from normal emotions like admiration and jealousy, they were closer to a primitive instinct to return home. In "Darkstalkers 3: Vampire Savior", the demon Jedah releases Lilith and gives her a body of a smaller, more cheerful Succubus. In return, Lilith was to lure Morrigan and the other Darkstalkers to him. Lilith seems to enjoy her life until she realizes that she is not the "original"—she is only a part of another person. She discovers that she often becomes transparent and realizes she has limited time to find her "soul mate" in order to continue her existence. Morrigan also feels that Lilith is a part of her, but she does not feel she needs Lilith as badly as Lilith needs her. Jedah realizes this and manipulates Lilith to meet Morrigan so he can use them both to extend his power. However, Lilith knows that Jedah is lying to her and is only finally absorbed by Morrigan in the end. This leaves Morrigan, like Lilith, with a more cheerful personality and a new view on the world. In Lilith's ending, she fails to reach Morrigan's unconscious body in time and appears to fade from existence seconds before Morrigan wakes up, though Morrigan again seems to feel something has changed within her. 
It is reported that the game designers had originally intended for Lilith to be a half-angel sister to Morrigan, but that the idea was dropped in favor of the current character design.
In the "Darkstalkers" series, she is voiced by Hiroko Konishi, while in "Namco × Capcom" and the Japanese version of "Cross Edge" she is voiced by Yuka Imai, and in the English version of "Cross Edge" by Stephanie Sheh. On ' she appeared alongside Morrigan Aensland, which reveals that she managed to exist but now she acts as her aide in battle. There is also an unlockable character in the game that looks similar to Morrigan but has Lilith's skin color and unique move techniques. She also appears during Morigan's Darkness Illusion move on '. Lilith also makes a cameo appearance in "Pocket Fighter" at the end of Morrigan's story.
Marionette.
Marionette is a rag doll-like toy (a puppet), resembling a young woman in a leaf-like dress, jester hat, and heels with short hair and a wind up key on her back. The phantom known as Shadow turned her into this puppet-like creature in order to help further fulfill his own personal tasks. Her powers involve being able to create and possess an identical copy of her opponent thus granting her the ability to know every power, weaknesses, and secrets of her opponent.
Q-Bee.
Q-Bee appears as an enemy in "Namco × Capcom" and "Project X Zone", as well as a card in the "" series. Despite the role calling for her to make mostly buzzing sounds like those of real-life bees, the voice of Q-Bee was voice actress Miyuki Matsushita until Arisa Nishiguchi took over the role in "Project X Zone".
Shadow.
Shadow is a malevolent blue phantom-like creature created within Majigen (Jedah's Dimension) that jumps from body to body, allowing him to possess the opponent he just defeated. Shadow's goal ultimately involves stealing souls from other beings in order to become stronger and to learn his enemies weaknesses and secrets. He also put a curse on a woman named Marionette by turning her into a puppet-like being forcing her to become his slave so he could accomplish his goals even further.
Oboro Bishamon.
Appearance wise Oboro's character sported duller colors compared to Bishamon. His character portrait and victor artwork represented these changes in color as well. In Vampire Savior Oboro uses Bishamon's winning quotes, this was removed in the upgraded titles Vampire Hunter 2 and Vampire Savior 2 and appeared only as a line of periods, or ellipses. Another difference is the lack of fiery souls that were once present over Bishamon's shoulders. The lack of these also contributed to Oboro not having moves where the souls could possess the opponent.
In Vampire Savior, Oboro only had one stage entrance pose and one winning pose. In his winning pose he donned the cursed armor and after winning the armor was taken off. In Vampire Hunter 2 and Savior 2 he received a shorter stage intro when controlled by the player as well as several addition and unique win poses. Oboro was also given unique character damage transformations. In arcade versions of the series when struck by Anakaris' Pharaohs Curse he was transformed into a mini Bishamon holding a staff. He was also given a slightly different sprite when struck by Demitri Maximoff's Midnight Bliss.
Dark Talbain.
Dark Jon Talbain ( is a secret character who first appeared in "Darkstalkers 3", where the evil counterpart of Jon Tablain is a boss. 
One of the key differences between Dark Talbain and Jon's sprites are the colors. Dark Talbain appears as if he is glowing, with flickering colors. While most of the cast have six different costume colors, Dark Talbain is limited to only two. His intro pose features him appearing out of almost nowhere while Jon's has him transforming from human into werewolf. Another difference is their Dragon Cannon animations: Dark Talbain's Dragon Cannon reuses Jon's old animation in "Night Warriors: Darkstalkers' Revenge" which has one large wolf-like head shooting towards the opponent; Jon's "Darkstalkers 3" Dragon Cannon features several wolf heads. Both characters do share the same portrait and victory artwork, only Dark Talbain's is recolored to match his sprite. Most of their animations remain similar.

</doc>
<doc id="19759505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759505" title="Dunn (London cricketer)">
Dunn (London cricketer)

Dunn (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for London Cricket Club in major matches during the 1730s. He was evidently a top order batsman.
Career.
Dunn is mentioned in 1735 re two matches and in 1739 re one other. On Saturday, 7 June 1735, he played for London versus Surrey at Moulsey Hurst, London winning the game by 9 wickets with Dunn and "Mr Wheatley, the distiller" the two not out batsmen at the end. He played in a single wicket match on Monday, 11 August 1735 for Three of London against Four of London at Kennington Common.
Dunn was not mentioned by contemporary sources again until 1739 when he played for London versus Kingston & Moulsey at Kennington Common on Thursday, 19 July. His team lost by 3 runs. Dunn was brought in as a replacement for this game along with Lord John Philip Sackville and John Bowra after London had lost its previous match. The selection of the trio was described as "the Londoners turning out three bad men who played on Moulsey Hurst" while Dunn and his colleagues were called "three very good gamesters".

</doc>
<doc id="19759513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759513" title="Betty Pettersson">
Betty Pettersson

Betty Pettersson (Visby 14 September 1838–7 February Stockholm 1885) was a Swedish teacher. She became the first official female university student in Sweden in 1871. She was the first female student of Uppsala University, the first woman in Sweden to have graduated from a university, and the first woman to have been a teacher at a university.
In 1870, the universities in Sweden were opened for women. Betty Pettersson was a governess, employed at several noble families. She graduated from Nya elementarskolan in Stockholm 16 May 1871, was accepted at Uppsala university 27 February 1872, graduated in 28 January 1875 and was a teacher at Ladugårdslands lägre elementarläroverk in 1877–1884. She died of consumption.
Betty was a member of Gotland nation and the nation today names its pub 'Bettys' after her.

</doc>
<doc id="19759605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759605" title="1936 Tschammerpokal">
1936 Tschammerpokal

The 1936 Tschammerpokal was the 2nd season of the competition. 5,291 teams competed in the tournament which was divided into four stages. The final stage ended with the final which was held on 3 January 1937 in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin. VfB Leipzig defeated last year's runner up, Schalke 04, 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19759616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759616" title="Portopetro">
Portopetro

Portopetro is a district of Santanyí on the island of Majorca, in the Balearic Islands of Spain, around 62km from Palma.
Portopetro is a small fishing village with a population of approximately 500 and consist of a harbour, small marina and a secluded beach which is adjacent to the harbour. There are a number of restaurants and bars distributed along the harbour's edge serving local and Mediterranean cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="19759622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759622" title="Inní mér syngur vitleysingur">
Inní mér syngur vitleysingur

"Inní mér syngur vitleysingur" (Icelandic for "Within me a lunatic sings") is the second track on Sigur Rós' fifth album, "Með suð í eyrum við spilum endalaust". It is the first single from the album, and was released on September 8, 2008.
A music video for "Inní mér syngur vitleysingur" was also released. It shows the band playing at the free Náttúra (Nature) concert in Reykjavík on June 28, 2008.
Vocals from this track were sampled by the experimental electronic duo, Crystal Castles, in the song "Year of Silence", on their second self-titled release "Crystal Castles (II)".

</doc>
<doc id="19759641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759641" title="Project Darkstar">
Project Darkstar

Project Darkstar was an open source MMOG middleware solution written in Java. Project Darkstar began as a personal project of Jeff Kesselman in 1999. It later became a research project at Sun Microsystems, and aimed to "help developers and operators avoid a range of serious, yet typical, problems associated with massive scale online games, virtual worlds, and social networking applications today, including zone overloading, data corruption, and server underutilization." February 2, 2010, Oracle shut down the project, and a community fork has been made called RedDwarf Server.
History.
Project Darkstar began as a personal project of Jeff Kesselman in 1999 while he was the Senior Game Integration Engineer at the Total Entertainment Network. In 2004, Sun's Game Technology Group was formed, and at that time Mr. Kesselman brought the third iteration of the project into Sun where it was dubbed the Sun Game Server. (The SGS moniker survives to this day in the package names of the Project Darkstar Server.)
Mr. Kesselman worked on the third version for a year as a solo project in Sun, debuting an early version at the Game Developers' Conference that year. Following the reorganization of the Software CTO's office in 2005, the project was moved to Sun Labs under Sun Labs Director Karl Haberl. Karl increased the man-power, adding Seth Proctor and Dan Ellard as co-researchers, as well as contractors James Megquier and Sten Anderson. This team delivered what is now known as the Early Access version, the first working server, for GDC 2005.
Following this, Jim Waldo and his team became interested in the technology and technical lead was handed over to him to pursue. At about the same time, the name Project Darkstar was chosen and the open source community launched.
On February 2, 2010, in the wake of the purchase of Sun by Oracle, Jim Waldo posted on the "Project Announcement" forum that "Sun Labs engineering effort is no longer being applied to Darkstar development". A number of members of the Sun Labs team and a number of members of the Darkstar community have gone on to work on the RedDwarf Server as a successor to Darkstar.
Technical Aspects.
When a Project Darkstar server implementation is run, it either starts a new network or joins one that is currently running. All networks contain clients, server implementations, a Project Darkstar stack on which the server implementations run, and several meta-service nodes that handle traffic between each node in the server stack. A server implementation is a user created program written with the Project Darkstar API. The clients include all client-side applications and games that are connected to a game server in the network.
Features.
Project Darkstar is being developed to support all features vital to a massively multiplayer game, and at the same time be scalable enough to support non-massive multiplayer online games. As such, there are many features that it supports, and many features that are being implemented and integrated into it actively.
API Overview.
The API of Project Darkstar is the key component for developers who use the technology. With it, they can develop game servers to communicate correctly with their client technology and have a server up and running that runs on top of the Project Darkstar game stack. The API is written to hide the concurrency of the underlying system that the Project Darkstar stack performs for the developer, so that the program can be written with the illusion that it is single threaded, even though the stack is fully parallel. The main parts of the API include task management, data persistence, and channel communication.
Tasks.
Control of information in a Project Darkstar server is generally handled by tasks, although in some special cases they are not necessary. They are used in instances where storage or retrieval of data must be protected from a server crash or shutdown, as tasks are saved and remembered when they are run, and can be respawned when the server is restarted in the same state as they were in before the crash. This is useful, for instance, when updating character information. If something goes wrong with the server internally, the character information is persisted and on a server restart the character information will be restored from the last state it was in before the crash.
Managed Objects.
The Berkeley DB used by Project Darkstar stores all data that is to be persisted. Anything that is to be stored in the database must also be serializable, as the database is programmed to store binary information. A managed object can be anything from player data (i.e. position, equipment) to internal server data and control logic (i.e. scalable data structure, tasks). The usefulness of managed objects is seen in the instance of a server failure. Since managed objects are updated transactionally, any corrupted data is discarded on the server restart and the managed object is rolled back to its last working state.
Channels.
Channels give developers an easy way of communicating with many clients. The way channels work is by giving clients a way of subscribing to channels such that they can send messages to the channel and receive messages from the channel. When a message is sent to the channel from a client or the server, the message is multicast to all clients who are subscribed to it. It is an abstraction built on top of the communications layer to assist in the development of easy and extensible communication between many clients and the server.
Possible Shortcomings.
Some authors have suggested that the management of Central Object Store and Distributed Random Access might not be realistically possible in a highly interactive game environment.

</doc>
<doc id="19759653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759653" title="U.S. Route 19 in Pennsylvania">
U.S. Route 19 in Pennsylvania

U.S. Route 19 in Pennsylvania closely parallels Interstate 79 for its entire length. US 19 enters Pennsylvania in Greene County near Mount Morris. Its northern terminus is in the city of Erie. Part is named for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry, hero of the Battle of Lake Erie.
Route description.
In northern Washington County, U.S. Route 19 was modernized after the former Pittsburgh Railways Interurban (PRCo) trolley service was discontinued in August 1953. Initially Route 19 ran parallel to the trolley line, and later expanded over the tracks through part of Mt. Lebanon in southern Allegheny County.
US 19 then proceeds north through Pittsburgh's Northside, West View, Perrysville and Ross Township, McCandless Township and Wexford, where it is referred to as Perry Highway. In Cranberry Township, it connects with I-79, the Pennsylvania Turnpike, and PA 228. Continuing through Mercer and Crawford counties, the route terminates in the city of Erie.
A Truck 19 designation exists in Pittsburgh, running from Wexford, Pennsylvania to Mt. Lebanon, Pennsylvania. Although both of that route's termini are with the regular U.S. 19, the two routes also intersect near the Fort Pitt Tunnel on Pittsburgh's West End.

</doc>
<doc id="19759658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759658" title="U-434">
U-434

U-434 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19759660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759660" title="William Johnson Galloway">
William Johnson Galloway

William Johnson Galloway (5 October 1868 – 28 January 1931) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.
Galloway was born on 5 October 1868 in Sale, Cheshire, and was the only son of John Galloway, JP. He was educated at Wellington College and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He made his home at Old Trafford, near Manchester, and became a partner in W & J Galloway & Sons, engineers and boiler makers, in the city.
He was active in the Conservative Party in Manchester, and at the 1892 general election stood unsuccessfully for the party in the South-Eastern or Rugby Division of Warwickshire. In 1895 he was elected as Member of Parliament for Manchester South West. He held the seat until the 1906 general election, when he was defeated by a Labour Party opponent.
Galloway was a lieutenant in the Duke of Lancaster's Own Yeomanry, later becoming honorary colonel of the East Lancashire Royal Engineers, a unit of the Territorial Force. During the First World War he was on the staff of the Quartermaster General and also held positions with the Ministry of Information and the Foreign Office.
In 1903, he was elected a director of the Great Eastern Railway Company, becoming chairman of the Locomotive Committee. When the GER was merged into the London and North Eastern Railway, Galloway became a director and was chairman of the Steamships and Continental Committee, a position he held until his death on 28 January 1931.
Aside from his Manchester address, Galloway also maintained houses in London and at Skaife (or Scaife) Hall, Otley, Yorkshire. He was also a director of the Blackpool Lane Company and of the Carnforth Hematite Iron Company.
On his death he was buried in the Galloway family grave at Weaste Cemetery.
Publications.
Galloway published at least three books:

</doc>
<doc id="19759665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759665" title="International Court of Justice advisory opinion on Kosovo's declaration of independence">
International Court of Justice advisory opinion on Kosovo's declaration of independence

Accordance with International Law of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence In Respect of Kosovo was a request for an advisory opinion referred to the International Court of Justice by the UN General Assembly regarding the 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence. The territory of Kosovo is the subject of a dispute between Serbia and the Republic of Kosovo established by the declaration. This was the first case regarding a unilateral declaration of independence to be brought before the court.
The court delivered its advisory opinion on 2010; by a vote of 10 to 4, it declared that "the adoption of the declaration of independence of the 17 February 2008 did not violate general international law because international law contains no 'prohibition on declarations of independence'": nor did the adoption of the declaration of independence violate UN Security Council Resolution 1244, since this did not describe Kosovo's final status, nor had the Security Council reserved for itself the decision on final status. There were many reactions to the decision, with most countries which already recognise Kosovo hailing the decision and saying it was "unique" and does not set a precedent; while many countries which do not recognise Kosovo said they would not be doing so as the ruling could set a precedent of endorsing secession in other places.
Background.
The 2008 Kosovo declaration of independence was adopted on 2008 in a meeting of the Assembly of Kosovo. It was the second declaration of independence by Kosovo's ethnic-Albanian political institutions, the first having been proclaimed on 1990.
Serbia decided to seek international validation and support for its stance that the declaration of independence was illegal at the International Court of Justice.
Whether the declaration was in fact an official act of the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government was unclear; in the end, the Court determined it was issued by "representatives of the people of Kosovo" acting outside the normal Provisional Institutions of Self-Government. This was significant, since the Serbian argument was that the Kosovo Provisional Institutions of Self-Government had exceeded the authority given to them by the Constitutional Framework (promulgated by UNMIK). In September 2012, international supervision ended, and Kosovo became responsible for its own governance.
United Nations request.
On 26 March 2008, the Government of Serbia announced its plan to call on the International Court of Justice to rule on the declaration of Kosovo's secession. Serbia sought to have the court's opinion on whether the declaration was in breach of international law. Also, an initiative seeking international support was undertaken at the United Nations General Assembly when it gathered again in New York in September 2008.
On 15 August 2008, Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremić officially filed a request at the United Nations seeking opinion of the International Court of Justice.
The resolution was worded as follows:
On 30 September 2008, in a trial vote, the Serbian initiative was backed by 120 member states. In the real vote, the United Nations General Assembly adopted this proposal as Resolution 63/3 on 2008 with 77 votes in favour, 6 votes against and 74 abstentions.
The 77 countries that voted for the initiative A/63/L.2 of Serbia were: Algeria, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei, Cambodia, Chile, China, Costa Rica, Cuba, Cyprus, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, East Timor, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Fiji, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Honduras, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Iran, Jamaica, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, Liechtenstein, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mexico, Montenegro, Myanmar, Namibia, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, North Korea, Norway, Panama, Papua New Guinea, Paraguay, Philippines, Republic of the Congo, Romania, Russia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Serbia, Singapore, Slovakia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Syria, Tanzania, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Vietnam, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
The 6 countries that opposed the initiative were: Albania, Federated States of Micronesia, Marshall Islands, Nauru, Palau and United States.
The 74 countries that abstained from voting were: Afghanistan, Andorra, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belgium, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Colombia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Grenada, Haiti, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Nepal, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Saint Lucia, Samoa, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Slovenia, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, Vanuatu, and Yemen.
Officially the following countries were absent: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Burundi, Cape Verde, Chad, Côte d'Ivoire, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Iraq, Kiribati, Kuwait, Laos, Libya, Malawi, Maldives, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Rwanda, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Seychelles, Tonga, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu and Venezuela.
The following states were not allowed to vote due to the lack of payments to the UN: Central African Republic, Comoros, Guinea Bissau, Liberia, São Tomé and Príncipe, Somalia and Tajikistan.
Provision of documents by the United Nations.
On 9 October 2008, the UN Secretariat informed the ICJ that it had begun the preparation of a dossier containing all documents relevant to the legal question before the Court, representing the body of international law on the question.
Aside from introductory notes, the dossier contained a copy of UN Security Council Resolution 1244 (1999), deliberations of the Security Council, official reports on the activities of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK), reports on the NATO-led security force KFOR, regulations and international agreements entered into by UNMIK, reports on the activities of the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government and on the Kosovo Status Process. Also included were 'general international law instruments – universal and regional', such as copies of the UN Charter, Helsinki Final Act, and various agreements on civil and human rights, as well as other legal documents from the wider Balkans (such as the rulings of the Badinter Commission).
Court proceedings.
Written statements.
On 21 April 2009, the ICJ announced that 35 member states of the United Nations had filed written statements within the time-limit fixed by the court ( 2009) on the question of the legality of Kosovo's UDI. Kosovo also filed a written contribution. Written statements were submitted by the following states (in order of receipt): the Czech Republic, France, Cyprus, People's Republic of China, Switzerland, Romania, Albania, Austria, Egypt, Germany, Slovakia, Russia, Finland, Poland, Luxembourg, Libya, the United Kingdom, the United States of America, Serbia, Spain, Iran, Estonia, Norway, the Netherlands, Slovenia, Latvia, Japan, Brazil, Ireland, Denmark, Argentina, Azerbaijan, Maldives, Sierra Leone, and Bolivia. This was the first time that China had officially submitted an opinion in a case in front of the ICJ. States and organisations which had presented written statements were allowed to submit written comments on the other statements by 2009. Venezuela was also allowed to submit documents, even though it failed to meet the deadline. According to media, the most extensive written statements were supplied by Argentina, Spain, Russia, Cyprus, the United States and the United Kingdom, while Libya submitted one of the shortest statements. Cyprus supplied a list of Europe's regions that can be expected to follow suit and announce similar separatist moves. Russia and Slovenia argued whether the case of Kosovo is unique or not. The ICJ also invited the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to send his statement. His document contains three parts, with the first reminding of the process that led to the ICJ case. The second explains the establishment of the UN mission in Kosovo and cites "two relevant dates": March 1998 as the beginning of UN engagement in Kosovo, and February 2008, which is mentioned as the "closing date", i.e., the date when the proclamation was made. Ban writes about provisions of international law relevant to the case in the third part of his written statement, without expressing his position in favour of or against the province's independence. Fourteen States which presented written statements also submitted written comments on the other written statements. These States are (in order of receipt): France, Norway, Cyprus, Serbia, Argentina, Germany, Netherlands, Albania, Slovenia, Switzerland, Bolivia, United Kingdom, United States of America, and Spain. The authors of the unilateral declaration of independence submitted a written contribution containing their comments on the written statements.
Public hearings.
The public hearings opened on 1 December 2009. During these hearings, statements and comments were presented orally by some of the United Nations Member States (whether or not they had filed written statements or comments), and by representatives from Kosovo (under the title "Authors of the unilateral declaration of independence").
Serbia and Kosovo were given three hours to present their case on 2009. 27 other states were given 45 minutes each, being heard in French alphabetical order. The proceedings lasted until 2009.
At the end of public hearings, judges Abdul Koroma, Mohamed Bennouna and Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade gave all parties until 2009, to answer questions related to claims that international law does not prohibit secession, regarding promises by participants of the parliamentary elections in Kosovo in 2007 to declare independence and the provisions of the Rambouillet accords from 1999.
Legal arguments.
Against the declaration.
The legal arguments against the unilateral declaration of independence provided by the various states focus on the protection for the territorial integrity of FRY in various significant international documents, including in the UN Charter and in UN Security Council Resolution 1244:
The arguments presented are not in general arguments against the moral right of Kosovo Albanians to self-determination, but focus on the legality or otherwise of the unilateral action of the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government. As UNSCR 1244 vested all authority in Kosovo in the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the argument is that the Provisional Institutions had no power to declare independence.
In support of the declaration.
The arguments presented in support of the unilateral declaration of independence cover five main aspects. The first is the presumption in international law that civil and human rights, including of minorities, should be protected, with the aim of demonstrating that these rights were abused by the then-governing Milošević administration. The second is the stress given in the appendices of documents such as UNSCR 1244 to a political process to determine final status, with the aim of demonstrating that such a process had been successfully concluded with the Kosovo Status Process. The third is that the references to the territorial integrity of Serbia are only in the preambular language and not in the operational language. The document is therefore silent as to what form the final status of Kosovo takes. The fourth is that the principle of territorial integrity constrains only other states, not domestic actors. The fifth is that the right of self-determination, which the ICJ found to be jus cogens in the East Timor case, is a right of all peoples, not only of those in a colonial context.
Another key argument is one of consistency – in the last legitimate Yugoslav Constitution, Kosovo had the same legal right to self-determination that was the basis for independence of five of the six Yugoslav Republics: Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro, Macedonia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. Namely, in a series of constitutional amendments between 1963 and 1974, Yugoslavia had elevated the two autonomous regions, Kosovo and Vojvodina, to essentially the same legal status as the republics, with their own administration, assembly and judiciary, and equal participation in all the Federal bodies of Yugoslavia. Crucially, they held the same power of veto in the Federal Parliament, and were equally responsible for implementing, enforcing and amending the Yugoslav Constitution, as well as the ratification of agreements and the formulation of Yugoslav foreign policy. In the 1980s, the Milošević administration disbanded the institutions of Kosovo and unilaterally changed the constitution to strip the autonomous regions of these powers. This argument was invoked by Croatia in the ICJ process.
Implications for international law.
The declaration of independence triggered an international debate over whether the case has set a precedent that could apply to other separatist movements or is a special case. The recognition of Kosovo's independence by out of 193 UN states, according to many sources, has given fresh impetus to other separatist movements. Months afterwards, Russia recognised Abkhazia and South Ossetia citing Kosovo's independence, which it did not recognise, as a precedent. It ultimately also led to increased tensions in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where Republika Srpska vetoed the Kosovo recognition on the ground that it would then secede in order to make up for the loss to Serbia. It may also have consequence on Taiwan's and its cross strait relations with the People's Republic of China.
The advisory opinion by the court was seen to have set a possible precedent that could have far-reaching implications for separatist movements around the world, and even for Serbia's EU membership talks. It was also read as being likely to lead to more countries recognising Kosovo's independence.
The ICJ itself limited the scope of its decision by stating that it “"is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position on whether international law conferred a positive entitlement on Kosovo unilaterally to declare its independence or, a fortiori, on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities situated within a State unilaterally to break away from it"”
Expectations.
The day before the verdict, then President of Serbia Boris Tadić said that Serbia was ready for any decision, but believed the ICJ would fulfill its mission. Prior to the verdict the Belgian ambassador to Serbia, Denise de Hauwere, said Belgium hoped Belgrade would act wisely after the ICJ opinion was given saying "good relations with Kosovo are vital for Europe and that Belgium wants Serbia in the European Union, but that Serbia's fate is in its own hands. We expect that the reaction of all sides that are involved will be constructive." The Belgian Foreign Minister Steven Vanackere also reiterated his call in that he "hopes that all the parties concerned will react responsibly and will take on board the opinion of the International Court of Justice".
The Prime Minister of Republika Srpska, Milorad Dodik, said that regardless of the ruling "however, will not destabilise anything. We will continue to pursue our recognizable policy ... respecting the territorial integrity of Bosnia-Herzegovina. However, if some other opinions are made, nobody can expect those who read the opinion not to interpret it as a message for the future."
Prior to the judgment, US Vice President Joe Biden said that the U.S. would not contemplate a retreat from Kosovo's independent status, while he also sought to reassure the Kosovar Prime Minister of the U.S.'s support. While State Department legal adviser Harold Koh said "Serbia seeks an opinion by this court that would turn back time ... undermine the progress and stability that Kosovo's declaration has brought to the region."
Verdict.
Ruling.
On 22 July 2010, the court ruled that Kosovo's declaration of independence was not in violation of international law. The President of the ICJ Justice Hisashi Owada said that international law contains no "prohibition on declarations of independence." The court also said while the declaration may not have been illegal, the issue of recognition was a political one.
The court asserted that the declaration of independence was not issued by the Assembly of Kosovo, Provisional Institutions of Self-Government, or any other official body; did not follow the legislative procedure; and was not properly published. The words "Assembly of Kosovo" in the English and French variants were due to an incorrect translation and were not present in the original Albanian text, thus the authors, who named themselves "representatives of the people of Kosovo" were not bound by the Constitutional Framework created by the UNMIK which reserved the international affairs of Kosovo solely to the competency of the UN representative.
Voting breakdown.
The concluding paragraph of the advisory opinion (paragraph 123), which is the operative part of the ruling ("dispositif") contains three vote tallies: it proclaims that the Court unanimously found that it had jurisdiction to reply to the General Assembly's request for an advisory opinion; given that the case law of the Court recognises that it has the discretion to comply with such requests, the Court decided by nine votes to five to comply with this particular advisory opinion request.
Reactions.
Reactions to the verdict came from states, international organisations and non-state actors. Kosovo praised the verdict and said it can now move on with more recognitions and possible memberships of the EU and the UN. Serbian reactions were negative to the verdict while policymakers met in an emergency session to discuss Serbia's next steps to preserve its "territorial integrity" while vowing never to recognise Kosovo as an independent state, despite Kosovar calls to the contrary. The EU countries that recognised Kosovo praised the verdict and call for dialogue between Kosovo and Serbia, they also called for other states to now recognise Kosovo; all five EU states that have not recognised Kosovo stated that the decision is a narrow view only on the text of the declaration and they would not change their positions. Other states said nothing would change as a result. All supranational bodies supported the verdict in at least some part; while non-state actors hailed the precedent this opinion allows for. The majority opinion was subject to legal criticism by some commentators (and by the dissenting justices).
Karabakhi and Bosnian reactions were the most notable. The former celebrated the opinion as a precedent set and signalled a possibility of asking the ICJ for a similar opinion on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict; while the latter was heavily split with politicians from the Republika Srpska saying that at some point in the future it could legally declare independence, and politicians from the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina saying that the opinion should not harm the country's status. Other notable reactions were Russia's opposition to the verdict, while Abkhazia and South Ossetia hailed it.

</doc>
<doc id="19759670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759670" title="Community Archives Wales">
Community Archives Wales

Community Archives Wales (CAW) is a website of digital content created and maintained by a number of community heritage groups from across Wales. The initiative for the project came from a partnership between lead partner Culturenet Cymru, a not-for-profit enterprise arm of the National Library of Wales and Glamorgan Record Office, Swansea University Archives, South Wales Miners' Library and West Glamorgan Archive Service. The original project ran from 2007-2008 with funding from Communities@One, an initiative of the Communities First programme in Wales.
Purpose.
Digital community archives are collections of material in private hands that have been digitised and interpreted by community groups, enabling the communities to present their own history in their own words.
Community Archives Wales was a 2-year pilot project to enable eleven groups within Communities First areas throughout Wales to create their own digital archives and share them on the CAW website. Funded by Communities First - the Welsh Assembly Government's flagship programme to improve the living conditions and prospects for people in the most disadvantaged communities in Wales, the project employed 4 members of staff. It started in January 2007 and the first phase ended in December 2008. The website was launched at the National Assembly for Wales in June 2008. The project was overseen by a board of peers including County Archivists and archive professionals from different regions of Wales. Since the end of this phase of the project, the community archive groups have continued to web mount images themselves onto the site, the sustainability of which was always one of the project goals. Other groups from within Wales have also provided images for the site since the beginning of 2009.
Digital Archive Groups.
Community Archives Wales is working with 11 different communities throughout Wales. They are;
Treftadaeth Brynaman Heritage
Bonymaen Communities First Group
Port Talbot History Society
Cwmaman - St Joseph's Heritage Group
Troedyrhiw Environment Forum
Ystalyfera Heritage
Machen Remembered
Maerdy Archive Group
Cymdeithas Hanes Tregaron
Nantlle and Drws y Coed History Society
Cofnodion Cwmystwyth

</doc>
<doc id="19759674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759674" title="Keith Wilkinson (cricketer)">
Keith Wilkinson (cricketer)

Keith William Wilkinson (born 15 January 1950) is a former English cricketer who played for Worcestershire between 1969 and 1975.
After several years in the county's Second XI, Wilkinson made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Somerset at Weston-super-Mare in early August 1969, scoring 1 in his only innings and holding three catches.
He also played against Gloucestershire at Cheltenham a few days later, but again did little, scoring 3 not out and 1 in an innings defeat.
Wilkinson then returned to the seconds, and it was to be 1971 before he made any further first-team appearances. That summer he played in ten first-class and four List A games. His batting was unremarkable, and he did not reach 50 in any of these innings. However, he did manage what proved to be his only five-wicket innings haul in first-class cricket when he claimed 5–60 against Sussex at Worcester in late August.
He finished with 24 first-class wickets that season, his best aggregate.
In 1972 he took 22 wickets, but after that his bowling was less to the fore. He was in and out of the side between 1972 and 1974, though he did make the occasional large score. In the first-class game, he made the first and larger of his two centuries, this being the 141 he hit against Oxford University, following it up with 80 in the second innings.
He also made his highest List A score of 95 in this period, this innings coming in July 1974 in a Gillette Cup quarter-final against Nottinghamshire.
1975 proved to be Wilkinson's last year of county cricket, but it was also the season in which he had the most cricket, turning out for 16 first-class and 13 List A games. The statistical highlight of his summer was the second and final first-class century, 102 (albeit in an ultimately losing cause) against Kent in June.
His 697 first-class runs in the season were by far a personal best; he had never previously reached 300. Wilkinson's last first-team game was a John Player League match against Somerset at Taunton on 14 September 1975: he scored 0* and held one catch, to dismiss Ian Botham.
After leaving the first-class game, Wilkinson continued to play minor cricket, and was part of the highly successful Old Hill Cricket Club side of the mid-1980s, playing in victorious William Younger Cup and Cockspur Cup finals in 1984, 1985 and 1987, as well as being on the losing side in the 1989 final.
He was most personally successful in the first of these games, hitting 76* to guide Old Hill to a five-wicket victory after they had fallen to 55/4 in pursuit of 194 to win.
He then played for Knowle and Dorridge Cricket Club, captaining the side to its first league title in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19759680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759680" title="Ruth Dolores Weiss">
Ruth Dolores Weiss

Ruth Dolores Weiss (Hebrew: רות דולורס וייס) (born February 23, 1978, in Ashkelon, Israel) is an Israeli musician. She released her second studio album, "Be'Ivrit" (literally, "In Hebrew"), to critical acclaim in Israel in August 2008. Ben Shalev, Israel's top music critic, writing about the album in "Haaretz", said, "Amazing. There is no other word to describe the encounter with the voice, talent, sensitivity, emotion and spirit of Ruth Dolores Weiss." Another Israeli music critic, David Peretz, one of the first to hear Weiss' songs, said it was like discovering Billie Holiday or Björk in Ashkelon, her hometown. Weiss' previous album, "Come See (Raw Versions)", was released in 2004.
Weiss lived in Austin, Texas, for a few years before releasing "Be'Ivrit", but returned to live in Israel with her family to tour, perform and record.
She also composed the soundtrack for the film "Hayuta and Berl" by Amir Manor in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19759684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759684" title="Central Armagh (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
Central Armagh (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

Central Armagh was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
Central Armagh was a county constituency comprising the north central part of County Armagh. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. Central Armagh was created by the division of Armagh into four new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged, returning one member of Parliament, until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat was centred on the towns of Portadown and Tandragee and included parts of the rural districts of Armagh, Lurgan and Tandragee.
Politics.
The seat was always won by Ulster Unionist Party candidates. It was twice contested by labour movement candidates, who took around one third of the votes cast.
Election results.
At the 1929, 1933 and 1938 Northern Ireland general elections, David Shillington was elected unopposed.
At the 1941 by-election, George Dougan was elected unopposed.
At the 1949, and 1953 Northern Ireland general elections, George Dougan was elected unopposed.
At the 1955 by-election and the Northern Ireland general election, 1958, Isaac Hawthorne was elected unopposed.
At Northern Ireland general election, 1965, Isaac Hawthorne was elected unopposed.
At Northern Ireland general election, 1969, Herbert Whitten was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="19759687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759687" title="Ellis (London cricketer)">
Ellis (London cricketer)

Ellis (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for London Cricket Club in major matches during the 1730s. He was described in a contemporary report as London's "best bowler".
Career.
Ellis is mentioned in 1735 re two matches. He played in a single wicket match on Monday, 11 August 1735 for Four of London against Three of London at Kennington Common. On Saturday, 7 June 1735, he was due to play for London versus Surrey at Moulsey Hurst, but had to withdraw because of an injured finger. A contemporary report stated that he was London's "best bowler" and he was replaced by Cook of Brentford who was described as "one of the best bowlers in England". 
As Ellis had established his reputation by 1735, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1720s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Ellis.

</doc>
<doc id="19759714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759714" title="Juan Aldama, Chihuahua">
Juan Aldama, Chihuahua

Juan Aldama is a city and seat of the municipality of Aldama, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the city had a total population of 16,284.
History.
The origin of today's ciudad Aldama, occurs on August 7, 1671 when captain Pedro Cano de los Ríos establishes two places for cattle raising; by the year 1717 the monks franciscanos established a mission called San Geronimo in this place, to evangelize the Native Mexicans conchos and chinarras that inhabited the region, San Jerónimo was the former name of this settlement.
Economy.
Agriculture is the main economic activity of the city, however the commerce also has taken an important part lately, offering products to the locals and people in transit to Chihuahua or Ojinaga. Many locals travel to Chihuahua city to work or study.
Infrastructure.
Communications.
Federal highway 16 of Mexico is the main terrestrial way of communication of Aldama, this highway passes the city from east to west, connecting the city with chihuahua, Coyame and Ojinaga (border with The United States of America). On the segment Chihuahua-Aldama, highway 16 is a four lane toll-free, which provides an economic fast and secure communication.
Education.
Aldama has public kindergarten, elementary schools, middle schools, provided by the federal government and state government. Students usually travel to Chihuahua city to continue with their universitary studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19759730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759730" title="Unify GmbH &amp; Co. KG">
Unify GmbH &amp; Co. KG

Unify, formerly known as Siemens Enterprise Communications, is a joint venture between the American private equity firm The Gores Group and German industrial conglomerate Siemens AG.
Unify is headquartered in Munich, Germany and is present in over 100 countries. The company provides software-based enterprise unified communications including voice, Web collaboration, video conferencing and contact center, networking product and services.
The joint venture was announced July 29, 2008, and started operating October 1, 2008, with The Gores Group holding a 51% stake, and 49% held by Siemens AG. Dean Douglas is Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Unify. Hamid Akhavan, former CEO of Unify, remains as part of the executive board. The full executive management team can be found on the Unify website.
History.
Background : Heritage (1847-2006).
Siemens Communications traces its origins to Siemens & Halske Telegraph Construction Company "(German legal name : Telegraphen-Bauanstalt von Siemens & Halske)" founded by Werner von Siemens on 12 October 1847. Siemens' first invention was the pointer telegraph. In the latter half of the 19th century, the company built long-distance telegraph lines, encompassing major projects in Germany and Russia, and the monumental Indo-European telegraph line stretching over 11,000 km from London to Calcutta. In 1897, Siemens & Halske went public.
During the first half of the 20th century, the company undertook a series of mergers and spin-offs, leading to the formation of three separate companies. The original company, Siemens & Halske, focused on communications engineering. Siemens Schuckertwerke GmbH was founded in 1903 to develop electric power engineering. Finally, in 1932, Siemens-Reiniger-Werke was founded to specialize in electro-medical equipment. In 1966, through a major restructuring process, these main companies merged to form Siemens AG.
In the late 1970s, Siemens AG focused on information and communications technology (ICT). In 1978, it established Siemens Communication Systems, which, in 1985, was reorganized into two divisions: Siemens Communication Systems for public network products, and Siemens Information Systems for PBX and computer-related products. Entering the globalization era of the 1990s, these two divisions made acquisitions. In 1989, the PBX division initiated a structured purchase of ROLM from IBM, renaming it ROLM Systems, and compled the purchase in 1992 as Siemens-ROLM Communications. The same year, the company acquired a 40% stake in GEC-Plessey Telecommunications (GPT) which evolved into the UK operations of the current company. In 1991, the carrier networks division acquired Stromberg-Carlson from The Plessey Company plc. In 1996, the PBX businesses of Mercury Communications Ltd, a subsidiary of UK-based Cable & Wireless were also acquired.
In late 1998, Siemens AG undertook a major restructuring into four main divisions: power generation, industry, rail systems, and information and communications (ICN). As part of the ICN Division, 'Siemens Information and Communication Networks' (SICN) — later to be commonly known as Siemens Communications (Siemens COM) — became Siemens AG's biggest business unit. Its focus was to Internet-based network technologies, as it was predicted that global data traffic volume would surpass voice telephony traffic in the early part of the 21st century. In addition, Siemens COM placed greater emphasis on the US market, dominated at the time by Nortel Networks, Lucent Technologies, and the emerging Cisco Systems; to that end, the company made two American acquisitions, Castle Networks Inc and Argon Networks Inc in 1999.
In March, 2002, Siemens Communications was divided into two major business units - one for public mobile networks and fixed networks; and the other for enterprise networks.
Siemens Enterprise Communications (2006 - 2013).
The evolution of Siemens Enterprise Communications began in June, 2006, when Siemens AG divided Siemens COM into two pieces.
On June 19, 2006, the carrier networks business was merged with Nokia's Network Business Group to form a new joint venture, Nokia Siemens Networks. On October 1, 2006, Siemens Enterprise Communications was created as a wholly owned subsidiary of Siemens AG. Since then, the business focused on unified communications.
In late July 2008, Siemens announced a joint venture with American private equity company The Gores Group (headed by Alec Gores), integrating two Gores Group businesses, Enterasys Networks and SER Solutions.
Enterasys operated as a subsidiary of Siemens Enterprise Communications until 12 September 2013, when Extreme Networks, announced that an agreement to purchase Enterasys in an all cash transaction valued at US$180 million.
Unify (2013 – Present).
In October 2013, Siemens Enterprise Communications was rebranded to Unify, to better reflect the company’s vision to harmonize communications systems, business processes, and people.
Products and services.
Unify is a communications provider that develops, deploys, and manages unified communications, network infrastructure and security and managed and professional services for large enterprises and small and medium enterprises, both directly and via partners.
Its primary product brands are OpenScape (unified communications applications) and HiPath (converged enterprise communications). The company announced OpenScape with Microsoft in 2003.
Unify demonstrated SIP and service-oriented architecture with OpenScape. The company’s services cover managed services, professional services, and maintenance and support services.
OpenScape scored in the Leaders Quadrant in Gartner's Magic Quadrant surveys for both voice and UC. OpenScape UC received the top rating in Enterprise Connect's UC RFP session in 2012 and 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19759741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759741" title="USNS Yukon">
USNS Yukon

USNS "Yukon" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship:
USS "Yukon"

</doc>
<doc id="19759748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759748" title="Santa Eulalia, Chihuahua">
Santa Eulalia, Chihuahua

Santa Eulalia is a town and seat of the municipality of Aquiles Serdán, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 2,089. 
Founded in 1652 by Diego del Castillo, it is one of the oldest settlements in the state.
Mining began in the Santa Eulalia Mining District in the early 1700s. Early production was primarily silver. More recently, the mines have produced zinc and lead. Production has been intermittent since the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19759757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759757" title="Andrew Zisserman">
Andrew Zisserman

Andrew Zisserman (born 1957) is a British computer scientist and a professor at the University of Oxford, and a world-renowned researcher in computer vision.
Biography.
Zisserman received the Part III of the Mathematical Tripos, and his PhD in theoretical physics from the Sunderland Polytechnic.
In 1984 he started to work in the field of computer vision at the Edinburgh university. Together with Andrew Blake they wrote the book "Visual reconstruction" published in 1987, which is considered one of the seminal works in the field of computer vision. According to Fitzgibbon (2008) this publication was "one of the first treatments of the energy minimization approach to include an algorithm (called “graduated non convexity”) designed to directly address the problem of local minima, and furthermore to include a theoretical analysis of its convergence."
In 1987 he moved back to England to the University of Oxford, where he joined Mike Brady's newly founded robotics research group as a University Research Lecturer, and started to work on multiple-view geometry. According to Fitzgibbon (2008) his "geometry was successful in showing that computer vision could solve problems which humans could not: recovering 3D structure from multiple images required highly trained photogrammetrists and took a considerable amount of time. However, Andrew's interests turned to a problem where a six-year old child could easily beat the algorithms of the day: object recognition."
Zisserman is an ISI Highly Cited researcher. He is the only person to have been awarded the Marr Prize three times, in 1993, in 1998, and in 2003. In 2007 he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society. In 2013 he received the prestigious Distinguished Researcher Award at ICCV.
Publications.
Zisserman has published several articles, some of the most highly cited works in the field, and has edited a series of books. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="19759769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759769" title="Ariel (The Tempest)">
Ariel (The Tempest)

Ariel is a spirit who appears in William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest". Ariel is bound to serve the magician Prospero, who rescued him from the tree in which he was imprisoned by Sycorax, the witch who previously inhabited the island. Prospero greets disobedience with a reminder that he saved Ariel from Sycorax's spell, and with promises to grant Ariel his freedom. Ariel is Prospero's eyes and ears throughout the play, using his magical abilities to cause the tempest in Act One which gives the play its name, and to foil other characters' plots to bring down his master.
The source of Ariel's name and character is unknown, although several critics have pointed out his similarities to the Ariel mentioned in Isaiah chapter 29 in the Bible. The name means "Lion of God", in this sense. Ariel may also be a simple play on the word "aerial". Scholars have compared him to sprites depicted in other Elizabethan plays, and have managed to find several similarities between them, but one thing which makes Ariel unique is the human edge and personality given him by Shakespeare.
Since the stage directions in "The Tempest" are so precise, critics and historians are better able to see how this play may have originally been performed than with other Shakespearean plays. Several of the scenes involving magic have clear instructions on how to create the illusion required, causing critics to make connections and guesses as to exactly what sort of technology would have been used in Shakespeare's troupe to stage Ariel's role in the play. Also, a line by Ariel in Act IV brings other scholars to ask questions as to whether the original actor for Ariel played the part for Ceres as well, due to a shortage of boy actors.
Ariel is widely viewed as a male character, although this view has wavered over the years, especially in the Restoration, when women played the role, for the most part. Ariel has also been involved, though lightly, in the debate over the colonialist nature of the play, as scholars have tried to determine how he compares to the more rebellious Caliban in terms of service to the European Prospero.
Role in the play.
Ariel first appears in the second scene of the play to report to Prospero on his success in carrying out his command to shipwreck the King of Naples and his crew in a violent tempest. Ariel adds that, as commanded, he saw that none of the group were harmed, but that all landed safely on the island, scattered and separated along the coast. After being praised by Prospero, Ariel pleads for his freedom from the magician's service in return. Prospero declines, reminding him of the state he was in before Prospero rescued him: Ariel had been trapped by the witch Sycorax in a "cloven pine" as a punishment for resisting her commands. After 12 years of pain (and the death of Sycorax), Ariel was released from his prison by Prospero, who pressed the spirit into his service. The magician denies Ariel's request for freedom at this time, but promises that on the condition he follows the rest of his commands, he will grant his wish in two days. For the rest of the play, Ariel is Prospero's eyes and ears—spying on the shipwrecked sailors in invisible form, but only Prospero can see Ariel.
In the second act Ariel briefly appears to stop a conspiracy to kill Alonso, King of Naples, whose brother (and heir to the dukedom), Sebastian, plots to kill him in his sleep. Ariel sings in the ear of Gonzalo, a councillor to Alonso, to wake him and foils the plot. Ariel also appears in Act Three to foil Caliban's plot to turn the sailors against Prospero and murder him. Later in the same act, he appears with a clap of thunder and rebukes those who were involved in the plot to banish Prospero to the island, displaying his fearful power to the men. He is later called on to gather the spirits of the island before Miranda and Ferdinand, and to bring Trinculo, Stephano, and Caliban before Prospero for judgement.
In the final act, Ariel releases the prisoners of Prospero and awakens what is left of the crew of the ship from a deep slumber. Thanks to Ariel's work, Ferdinand and Miranda have fallen in love. Prospero is so impressed by Ariel's matchmaking that he says that he would set Ariel free for that one act. Thus, having fulfilled Prospero's tasks, and Prospero himself now being free to leave the island, Ariel is set free.
Sources.
The source from which Shakespeare got the idea for Ariel is not known, though there have been many candidates proposed by scholars. Sprites or demons such as Ariel were viewed during the Renaissance from either religious or scientific points of view: religion seeing them as either agents of the devil or agents of God, and science viewing them as neutral subjects which could be brought under the control of the wise. Some scholars compare Ariel to demons of the air described in Renaissance demonology, while others claim that he is an archetype of a more neutral category of sprites. Several of these proposals are outlined below:
The '-el' ending of Shakespeare's name translates in Hebrew as 'God', placing Ariel inline with more benevolent spirits, many of which were listed in sorcery books published in Shakespeare's day with similar suffixes. Jewish demonology, for example, had a figure by the name of Ariel who was described as the spirit of the waters. Another spirit, Uriel, is also comparable. In Isaiah 29, an Ariel is mentioned as another name for Jerusalem. In the Geneva Bible, which Shakespeare and others of the time would have known, the entry carries an interesting footnote describing this Ariel as the "Lyon of God." Further descriptions of this Ariel as having power to confuse and weaken his enemies with sounds and tempests increase the parallel.
The name Ariel might also be a simple derivation of aerial, though the character's abilities stretch beyond those of a typical air demon, encompassing fire and water demon abilities as well. Other scholars propose that the ca. 1589 play "John a Kent and John a Cumber" contains a character which may have been Shakespeare's inspiration. The character, named Shrimp, is also an air demon controlled by a magician. A few scenes of the play feature this demon performing tasks nearly identical to those Shakespeare's Ariel performed. Since it is very likely Shakespeare was familiar with the play, it is possible that Ariel is based on Shrimp, but evidence remains inconclusive.
Though the actual source Shakespeare used has not yet been determined, it seems clear that Shakespeare's Ariel and his relationship with Prospero reflects more closely the Renaissance idea of a neutral spirit under the control of a magician than the religious idea of a sprite. Shakespeare, however, refuses to make Ariel a will-less character, infusing him with desires and near-human feelings uncharacteristic of most sprites of this type.
Staging Ariel.
The text of "The Tempest" contains more stage directions than most of Shakespeare's plays, giving scholars an opportunity to see into the portrayal of characters such as Ariel in Shakespeare's time. In Act III, Scene III, for example, when Ariel, as a harpy, is directed to clap his wings on a banquet table, he causes the food to disappear by a "quainte device". Scholars have tried to discover just what sort of "quainte device" would have been used by the King's Men in portraying this scene. Ariel's actor would have been unable to hide the food himself, having harpy wings over his arms which cumbered movement. The actor would not even have been able to sweep the food into a receptacle behind the table, since the theatre had seating on three sides. What was needed was some sort of device to act on the signal of Ariel slapping his wings on the table. This device was probably a false table top which could be tripped by a boy underneath while the harpy's wings covered the food. When the wings lifted, the food would be gone, apparently by magic. Later in act three, when Ariel appears and disappears with thunder, another trick was probably used, involving some sort of basket on wires, covered in cloud designs, which the Globe theatre then had. Ariel may have descended from the air in this device as a harpy, spoken his lines, and ascended in the same device. Ariel may have descended on the back of an eagle, rather than clouds, or with no device at all—wires being attached to his harpy wings.
Later Act IV, Scene 1, Ariel says: ""when I presented Ceres / I thought to have told thee of it / but I feared lest I might anger thee"." Earlier in the same scene, Ceres, along with Iris and Juno, had appeared at Prospero's command in a Masque. Scholars have wondered whether Shakespeare originally intended the actor for Ariel to cover Ceres' role, and give it away in this line. The need for a dual role may have been caused by a shortage of boys capable of playing female parts (boys usually played all female roles in Shakespeare's day) as there are many female roles in "The Tempest". This changing of parts requires a change in costume, which explains a lot of Ariel's delay in scene four in carrying out Prospero's orders. Time is allowed for the character to change from Ariel to Ceres and back. On the other side, Ceres may have been associated, by Shakespeare, to the Kairos figure, related to rhetorics, personating the opportune moment to present the convincing argument in a speech. Early critics were skeptical of the idea, saying that ""presented Ceres"" could merely mean that Ariel introduced Ceres to the gathering. More recent studies, however, have revealed that, given the small number of boys traveling with the King's Men and the large number of parts for them to fill, there would have been little choice in the matter. The entire scene comes together in a way that leads scholars to believe that the Masque scene with the three goddesses was added as an afterthought in order to work around costuming and role-playing issues.
Criticism.
Ariel's gender.
In all textual versions Ariel is referred to with the male pronoun 'his' twice in the entire play. One example is in the stage directions at III.iii.around 52: ""Thunder and lightning. Enter ARIEL, like a harpy; claps his wings upon the table; and, with a quaint device, the banquet vanishes."" The other gender pronoun used in the dialogue at I.ii.190-93, when Ariel responds to Prospero saying:
<poem>
All hail, great master! grave sir, hail! I come
To answer thy best pleasure; be't to fly,
To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride
On the curl'd clouds; to thy strong bidding
task Ariel and all his quality.
</poem>
Originally, the role would have been assumed by a boy-player, but beginning in Restoration adaptations it would have been essayed by a woman. Since the male actor Leslie French played the part in 1930, the role has been played by both men and women. In the 2010 Julie Taymor film version of the play, Ariel is played by Ben Whishaw, but in that same year's Stratford Shakespeare Festival version of the play, also filmed and available on DVD, Ariel is played by Julyana Soelistyo. 
In the Summer of 2013 Colin Morgan played Ariel in the Globe Theatre in London.
Post-colonialism.
Beginning in about 1950, with the publication of "Psychology of Colonization" by Octave Mannoni, "The Tempest" was viewed more and more through the lens of post-colonial theory. This new way of looking at the text explored the effect of the colonizer (Prospero) on the colonized (Ariel and Caliban). Though Ariel is often overlooked in these debates in favor of the more intriguing Caliban, he is still involved in many of the debates. The French writer Aimé Césaire, in his play "Une Tempête" sets "The Tempest" in Haiti, portraying Ariel as a mulatto who, unlike the more rebellious Caliban, feels that negotiation and partnership is the way to freedom from the colonizers. Fernandez Retamar sets his version of the play in Cuba, and portrays Ariel as a wealthy Cuban (in comparison to the lower-class Caliban) who also must choose between rebellion or negotiation. Although scholars have suggested that his dialogue with Caliban in Act two, Scene one, contains hints of a future alliance between the two when Prospero leaves, in general, Ariel is viewed by scholars as the good servant, in comparison with the conniving Caliban—a view which Shakespeare's audience would have shared. Ariel is used by some postcolonial writers as a symbol of their efforts to overcome the effects of colonization on their culture. Michelle Cliff, for example, a Jamaican author, has said that she tries to combine Caliban and Ariel within herself to create a way of writing that represents her culture better. Such use of Ariel in postcolonial thought is far from uncommon; "Ariel" is even the name of a scholarly journal covering post-colonial criticism.
In popular culture.
The character of Ariel, as played by David Brandon, appears in the 1977 film "Jubilee" as a guide for Queen Elizabeth I visiting Queen Elizabeth II's England. "Jubilee"s director, Derek Jarman, subsequently directed a film of "The Tempest" in 1979.
Appears in The League Of Extraordinary Gentlemen as part of the first incarnation of the group, Prospero's Men, alongside her master and Caliban.
In Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel "Brave New World", the character John Savage remarks that ""Ariel could put a girdle 'round the Earth in forty minutes"" when shown the elaborate equipment in the World State in chapter 11. However, this line is in fact said by Puck from Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", making the quote inaccurate.
A monster in the 2007 video game "" is named after and inspired by Ariel.
In the 2012 series "Grandma's House", the character played by Simon Amstell is offered the part of Ariel.
The novel series "Théâtre Illuminata", by Lisa Mantchez, stars Ariel as one of the main characters, and he persists as so throughout the trilogy.
Sylvia Plath's most famous book of poetry is called Ariel. It is named so because she considered the poem to be the best in the book. Many readers know that the title of the poem was changed to "The Horse" for the less discerning newspaper readers and think the poem Ariel is simply about her riding a wild horse. Others, however, such as Nick Mount, consider Plath's earlier childhood fascination with The Tempest's character Ariel and view the poem as talking about creativity and the dangerous direction her creativity was taking her.

</doc>
<doc id="19759774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759774" title="Bocoyna">
Bocoyna

Bocoyna is located on the route of the Ferrocarril Chihuahua al Pacífico Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="19759794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759794" title="Paddington Bear">
Paddington Bear

Paddington Bear is a fictional character in children's literature. He first appeared on 13 October 1958 and was subsequently featured in more than twenty books written by Michael Bond and first illustrated by Peggy Fortnum. The polite immigrant bear from darkest Peru, with his old hat, battered suitcase (complete with a secret compartment, enabling it to hold more items than it would at first appear), duffle coat and love of marmalade sandwiches has become a classic character from English children's literature.
Paddington books have been translated into 30 languages across 70 titles and sold more than 30 million copies worldwide. Over 265 licences, making thousands of different products across the United Kingdom, Europe, United States, Southeast Asia, Japan, Canada, Australia and South Africa all benefit from the universal recognition of Paddington Bear.
Paddington is an anthropomorphised bear. He is always polite—addressing people as "Mr", "Mrs", and "Miss" and very rarely by first names—and well-meaning, though he inflicts hard stares on those who incur his disapproval. He has an endless capacity for getting into trouble, but he is known to "try so hard to get things right". He was discovered in Paddington Station, London, by the (human) Brown family who adopt him and thus gives his full name as "Paddington Brown".
History.
Origin.
Michael Bond based Paddington Bear on a lone teddy bear which he noticed on a shelf in a London store near Paddington Station on Christmas Eve 1956, which he bought as a present for his wife. The bear inspired Bond to write a story, and in 10 days he had written the first book. The book was given to his agent, Harvey Unna. "A Bear Called Paddington" was first published on 13 October 1958 by William Collins & Sons (now Harper Collins).
Stuffed toy.
The first Paddington Bear stuffed toy to be manufactured was created in 1972 by Gabrielle Designs, a small business run by Shirley and Eddie Clarkson, with the prototype made as a Christmas present for their children Joanna and Jeremy (who later became a well-known British TV presenter and writer). Shirley Clarkson dressed the stuffed bear in Wellington boots to help it stand upright. (Paddington received wellingtons for Christmas in "Paddington Marches On", 1964.) The earliest bears wore small children's boots manufactured by Dunlop until production could not meet demand. Gabrielle Designs then produced their own boots with paw prints moulded into the soles.
Shirley Clarkson's book describes the evolution of the toy Paddington from Christmas gift to subject of litigation and ultimately commercial success.
Storyline.
In the first story, Paddington is found at Paddington Railway Station in London by the Brown family, sitting on his suitcase (bearing the label "Wanted on Voyage") with a note attached to his coat which reads "Please look after this bear. Thank you." Bond has said that his memories of newsreels showing trainloads of child evacuees leaving London during the war, with labels around their necks and their possessions in small suitcases, prompted him to do the same for Paddington.
Paddington arrives as a stowaway coming from "Darkest Peru", sent by his Aunt Lucy (one of his only known relatives aside from an Uncle Pastuzo who gave Paddington his hat) who has gone to live in the Home for Retired Bears in Lima. He claims, "I came all the way in a lifeboat, and ate marmalade. Bears like marmalade." He tells them that no one can understand his Peruvian name, so the Browns decide to call him Paddington after the railway station in which he was found. Paddington's Peruvian name is ultimately revealed to be "Pastuso" (not to be confused with his "Uncle Pastuzo"). Bond originally wanted Paddington to have "travelled all the way from darkest Africa", but his agent advised him that there were no bears in darkest Africa, and thus it was amended to darkest Peru, home of the Spectacled Bear.
They take him home to 32 Windsor Gardens, off Harrow Road between Notting Hill and Maida Vale (there is no number 32 in the real Windsor Gardens). Paddington frequents the nearby Portobello Road markets, where he is respected by the shopkeepers for driving a very hard bargain. When he gets annoyed with someone, he often gives them one of his special "hard stares" (taught to him by Aunt Lucy), which causes the person to become flushed and embarrassed.
The stories follow Paddington's adventures and mishaps in England, along with some snippets of information about his past. For instance, in one story we learn that Paddington was orphaned in an earthquake, before being taken in and raised by his Aunt Lucy.
Characters.
There is a recurring cast of characters, all of whom are in some way entangled in Paddington's misadventures. These include:
Books.
The first book, "A Bear Called Paddington", was published in 1958. Although the books are divided into chapters and each book has a time frame, the stories all work as stand alone stories, and many of them were used like this in the TV series. In order of publication the titles are:
A Bear Called Paddington (1958)
More About Paddington (1959)
Paddington Helps Out (1960)
Paddington Abroad (1961)
Paddington at Large (1962)
<br>
Paddington Marches On (1964)<br>
Paddington at Work (1966)<br>
Paddington Goes to Town (1968)<br>
Paddington Takes the Air (1970)<br>
""'Paddington's Garden (1972)<br>
Paddington's Blue Peter Story Book (1973)<br>
Paddington on Top""' (1974)<br>
Paddington at the Tower (1975)<br>
Paddington Takes the Test (1979)<br>
Paddington on Screen (1980)<br>
Paddington at the Zoo (1984)<br>
Paddington at the Palace (1986)<br>
Paddington in the Garden (2002)<br>
Paddington and the Grand Tour (2003)<br>
Paddington at the Tower (2011)<br>
Paddington Goes for Gold (2012)
"Blue Peter" and beyond.
Author Michael Bond was also a BBC TV cameraman who worked on the popular children's television programme "Blue Peter". After this was revealed in 1965, a special Paddington story—in which he got mixed up in the programme itself—appeared in the "Blue Peter Annuals" for many years. They were collected in the novel-length "Paddington's Blue Peter Story Book" in 1973. A second book based around "Blue Peter" was titled "Paddington on Screen".
Television.
The BBC television series "Paddington", produced by Michael Bond and London-based animation company FilmFair, was first broadcast in 1975. The storylines were based on comedic incidents from the books, chosen to appeal to the TV audience which included much younger children than those the books were written for. This series had an extremely distinctive appearance: Paddington was a stop-motion puppet moving in a three-dimensional space in front of two-dimensional backgrounds (which were frequently sparse black-and-white line drawings), while all other characters were 2D drawings. In one scene, Mr. Brown is seen to hand Paddington a jar of marmalade that becomes 3D when Paddington touches it. Animator Ivor Wood also worked on "The Magic Roundabout" and "Postman Pat". The series was narrated by Michael Hordern. In the United States, episodes aired on PBS, on the syndicated series "Romper Room", on Nickelodeon as a segment on the program "Pinwheel" and on USA Network as a segment on the "Calliope" (TV series) in the late 1970s and early 1980s, as well as in between preschool programming on The Disney Channel as a segment on the program "Lunch Box" from the late 1980s into the 1990s. The series also aired on HBO in between features, usually when they were airing children's programmes. The series won a silver medal at the New York Film and Television Festival in 1979—the first British animated series to do so.
Paddington Bear's 1989 television series was the first by a North American company, Hanna-Barbera. This series was traditional two-dimensional animation and featured veteran voice actor Charlie Adler as Paddington and Tim Curry as Mr. Curry. The character of an American boy named David, Jonathan and Judy Brown's cousin who arrived in London on the same day as Paddington, was added to the stories in the 1989 cartoon.
The most recent series, produced by Cinar Films, was first broadcast in 1997 and consisted of traditional two-dimensional colour animation. The show was called "The Adventures of Paddington Bear".
Paddington Bear also appeared in The Official BBC Children in Need Medley with Peter Kay along with several other animated characters. In the video, Paddington makes a grand appearance by winking at the cameramen when they take photos of him; Kay tries to put a cloak on Paddington, but it keeps sliding off. He also joins the rest of the group for the final act.
Home media.
In 2011, Mill Creek Entertainment under the license of Cookie Jar Entertainment, released the complete original 1975 "Paddington Bear" series on DVD. The 3-disc set also featured three half-hour television specials, "Paddington Birthday Bonanza", "Paddington Goes To School" and "Paddington Goes to the Movies" along with 15 bonus episodes of "The Wombles" and "Huxley Pig". It also had special features for children on DVD-ROM.
Film adaptation.
In September 2007, Warner Bros. and producer David Heyman announced a live action film adaptation of Paddington Bear. Hamish McColl, who penned "Mr Bean's Holiday", will write the script. The film will not be an adaptation of an existing story, but "will draw inspiration from the whole series" and will feature a computer generated Paddington Bear interacting with a live-action environment. Colin Firth has been announced to voice Paddington.
On 25 June 2012, an official teaser poster was released for the film. It states that the film will be released during 2014.
In popular culture.
Paddington Bear features in the Marmite UK TV advertisement (first broadcast on 13 September 2007), in which he tries a marmite and cheese sandwich instead of his traditional marmalade sandwich.
Paddington was featured on the Royal Mail 1st class stamp in the Animal Tales series released on 10 January 2006, and had previously been featured on one of the 1st class Greetings Messages stamps, released on 1 February 1994.
On 13 October 2008, Google celebrated the 50th anniversary of the first Paddington publication by placing an image of the travelling bear with a sign showing Peru and London incorporated into Google's logo.

</doc>
<doc id="19759799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759799" title="Description">
Description

Description is one of four rhetorical modes (also known as "modes of discourse"), along with exposition, argumentation, and narration. Each of the rhetorical modes is present in a variety of forms and each has its own purpose and conventions. The act of description may be related to that of definition. Description is also the fiction-writing mode for transmitting a mental image of the particulars of a story.
Description as a fiction-writing mode.
Fiction is a form of narrative, one of the four rhetorical modes of discourse. Fiction-writing also has modes for fiction-writing: action, exposition, description, dialogue, summary, and transition . Author Peter Selgin refers to "methods", including action, dialogue, thoughts, summary, scene, and description . Currently, there is no consensus within the writing community regarding the number and composition of fiction-writing modes and their uses.
Description is the fiction-writing mode for transmitting a mental image of the particulars of a story. Together with dialogue, narration, exposition, and summarization, description is one of the most widely recognized of the fiction-writing modes. As stated in "Writing from A to Z", edited by Kirk Polking, description is more than the amassing of details; it is bringing something to life by carefully choosing and arranging words and phrases to produce the desired effect. The most appropriate and effective techniques for presenting description are a matter of ongoing discussion among writers and writing coaches.
Purple prose.
Purple prose is a term of literary criticism used to describe passages, or sometimes entire literary works, written in prose so overly extravagant, ornate, or flowery as to break the flow and draw attention to itself. Purple prose is sensuously evocative beyond the requirements of its context. It also refers to writing that employs certain rhetorical effects such as exaggerated sentiment or pathos in an attempt to manipulate a reader's response. 
Philosophy.
In philosophy, the nature of description has been an important question since Bertrand Russels classical texts (cf. Ludlow, 2007).
Physics.
The word "deon" is often used interchangeably with the word "theory".

</doc>
<doc id="19759801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759801" title="Taylor Wessing">
Taylor Wessing

Taylor Wessing LLP is an international law firm with 22 offices internationally. The Firm has around 300 partners and 1450 employees worldwide. The company was formed as a result of a merger of the British law firm "Taylor Joynson Garrett" and the German law firm "Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler", retaining the first name of each.
History.
Taylor Joynson Garrett and its predecessors.
The oldest predecessor of the Taylor law firm began life in 1782 as a firm run by a sole practitioner, Thomas Smith. The first Taylor joined him as a partner in 1788. From 1805, the original Taylor then practised on his own until he died in 1822.
By then another partner, Jacob Mould had joined and the firm continued under various names, usually incorporating the name "Taylor" until 1832 when the first Taylor's son (Taylor II) joined as a partner. The firm was then known as Mould Taylor & Co.
Mould departed shortly afterwards and the firm became Parker, Taylor and Rooke. From 1848, Taylor II practised on his own until 1866 when his son, Taylor III joined him, the firm becoming known as R.S. Taylor & Son. He was joined by the first Humbert in 1879, the firm becoming R.S. Taylor Son & Humbert. This name was streamlined to Taylor & Humbert forty years later.
Taylor & Humbert merged with Parker Garrett in 1982, becoming Taylor Garrett. The firm then merged with Joynson-Hicks in 1989, calling itself Taylor Joynson Garrett.
Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler and its predecessors.
In 1873, the oldest precessor of the Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler law firm was founded in Hamburg by Hermann May and Alfons Mittelstrass. The firm was focused on servicing the Hanseatic merchants. Around 1960, Günter von Berenberg-Gossler for the first time accepted multiple lawyers as partners at his firm, and the company became known as "Berenberg-Gossler & Partner". Berenberg-Gossler belonged to one of the most prominent Hanseatic business families of Germany.
Count Rüdiger von der Goltz had established a law practice in Stettin in 1926, and in 1954, he accepted the young lawyer Kurt Wessing as a partner. 
The law firm of Zimmermann, Reimer, Hohenlohe Sommer had been established in 1975 in Munich, and later became "Zimmermann, Hohenlohe, Sommer, Rojahn".
In 1989, "Berenberg-Gossler & Partner" merged with "Graf von der Goltz Wessing & Partner" and "Zimmermann Hohenlohe Sommer Rojahn". In 1993 the company merged with the renowned Frankfurt law firm "Kanzlei Lange & von Braunschweig", and became "Wessing Berenberg-Gossler Zimmermann Lange" (often known as Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler).
Taylor Wessing.
In 2002 Taylor and Wessing & Berenberg-Gossler merged to become Taylor Wessing. In March 2012 RHT Law in Singapore formally joined Taylor Wessing (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing) and in May 2012 Austrian firm e|n|w|c merged adding a further eight offices over six new jurisdictions. The firm has been using the name "Taylor" for 231 years.
Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize.
Taylor Wessing sponsors London's National Portrait Gallery yearly "Photographic Portrait Prize", having done so since 2008. Taylor Wessing's relationship with the Gallery began in 2005 with their sponsorship of The World’s Most Photographed.
Corporate social responsibility.
The Firm supports St Mungo's, a leading charity for homeless people and Kids Company, a leading charitable organisation/charity providing support for children.

</doc>
<doc id="19759802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759802" title="Scie (river)">
Scie (river)

The river Scie () is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime "département" of Haute-Normandie into the English Channel. <br>
The river rises at Saint-Victor-l'Abbaye and passes through Auffay, Saint-Maclou-de-Folleville, Longueville-sur-Scie, Anneville-sur-Scie, Heugleville-sur-Scie, Saint-Aubin-sur-Scie and finally Hautot-sur-Mer.
Economy.
In the past, the river was host to 43 watermills that powered machinery to process wheat, cotton, tannin and flax for linen. Two mills still exist today, at Saint-Maclou-de-Folleville (the moulin of Arbalète) and at Auffay. Today, the activities of the valley includes the production of apples and cider.

</doc>
<doc id="19759804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759804" title="Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery">
Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery

The Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery (CANTAB), originally developed at the University of Cambridge in the 1980s but now provided in a commercial capacity by Cambridge Cognition, is a computer-based cognitive assessment system consisting of a battery of neuropsychological tests, administered to subjects using a touch screen computer. The 22 tests in CANTAB examine various areas of cognitive function,
The CANTAB endeavours to import the accuracy and rigour of computerised psychological testing whilst retaining the wide range of ability measures demanded of a neuropsychological battery. It is suitable for young and old subjects, and aims to be culture and language independent through the use of non-verbal stimuli in the majority of the tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19759810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759810" title="Villa Coronado">
Villa Coronado

José Esteban Coronado or Villa Coronado is a town and seat of the municipality of Coronado, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 976. 

</doc>
<doc id="19759812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759812" title="Kidnapped robot problem">
Kidnapped robot problem

In robotics, the kidnapped robot problem commonly refers to a situation where an autonomous robot in operation is carried to an arbitrary location.
The kidnapped robot problem creates significant issues with the robot's localization system, and only a subset of localization algorithms can successfully deal with the uncertainty created; it is commonly used to test a robot's ability to recover from catastrophic localization failures.

</doc>
<doc id="19759824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759824" title="1322 Golden Empire Tower">
1322 Golden Empire Tower

1322 Golden Empire Tower (formerly known as 1322 Roxas Boulevard) is a 57-storey residential skyscraper in Manila, Philippines. It is owned by Moldex Land, Inc., part of the Moldex Group of Companies. Standing at 203 meters (666 feet), it is the tallest building in the City of Manila, and is the 12th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. The building has 55 floors above ground, and 2 basement levels for parking. It is considered as one of the most luxurious condominiums in Manila.
Project team.
The 1322 Golden Empire Tower was designed by international architectural firm Architecture International, in cooperation with local architectural firm GF & Partners Architects. Structural design was provided by Aromin & Sy + Associates, and was reviewed by Arup.
Other members of the design team are R.J. Calpo & Partners (Mechanical Works); DCCD Engineering Corp. (Electrical Works); NBF Water & Wastewater Services (Now N.B. Franco Consulting Engineers - Sanitary and Plumbing Works); Radian Technology, Inc. (Fire Protection Works); and I.P. Santos & Associates (Landscaping).
Consultants for the project include J.A. Shillinglaw & Associates (Curtain Walls); Dr. Salvador F. Reyes (Foundation); Rolf Jensen & Associates (Fire Protection); Mel Consultants Pty. Ltd. and Rowan Williams Davis & Irwin (Wind Tunnel Testing); and Horton-Lees Lighting Design Inc. (Lighting).
Technical services were provided by Philippine Geoanalytics (Soil Investigation) and Watcon Inc. (Hydrogeological Studies).
Project construction team include TCGI Engineers (Project / Construction Management); Davis Langdon & Seah Philippines, Inc. (Quantity Surveying); and D.M. Consunji, Inc. (General Contractor).
Design.
Its two-quad design ensures that each unit has an unobstructed view of the environ and the Manila Bay horizon. The bio-climatic nature of the tower is uniquely designed to take advantage of this specific site. The building's windows open to capture sea breezes and large window openings to maximize views, light, and air, with sunshades provided to minimize glare and heat. At night, the tower lighting is designed to be a quiet beacon to identify this important landmark on Manila Bay
Location.
The building is located along historic Roxas Boulevard along the Manila Bay side. It is nestled in the historic strip of Manila known for its cultural and economic vigor. Right across Roxas Boulevard is the Embassy of the United States, and a few blocks away the Robinsons Place Manila mall, the historical Luneta Park and the walled city of Intramuros. Also just within its area is the Quirino Grandstand, the new Manila Ocean Park, and three luxury hotels namely the Manila Hotel, Hyatt Hotel and Casino Manila at Pedro Gil Street, and Holiday Inn Manila Pavillon Hotel. The last two hotels have a casino complex operated by Casino Filipino. A few kilometers away are the Cultural Center of the Philippines, Star City theme park, and the Manila Yacht Club.
The building block is bounded by three streets in which it also has access points, namely, Roxas Boulevard, Padre Faura Street and Leon Ma. Guerrero Street.
Amenities.
Among the building's amenities are a fully equipped fitness center; sauna and private massage room; greens and mini-gardens; a swimming pool with bar and poolside party area, and a children’s playroom
The building is equipped with high-speed elevators with control panels that prevent changes to floor destinations in mid-ascent or descent. It also has a CAT-5 UTP cables for voice, data and video communications that serve all information technology requirements; and lobby-to-unit video entry phone for guest identification.
For safety, the building has smoke evacuators in each floor designed to siphon smoke from the hallways in cases of fire, supported by automatic smoke/fire detection and alarm system with quick response sprinklers, and pressurized fire exits/stairwells.
The roof deck has a night-rated helipad, which can accommodate helicopter take-off and landing requirements in any time of the day.
The skyscraper is also equipped with a central Building Monitoring System (BMS) with technologically advanced equipment that supervise the entire property’s security features.

</doc>
<doc id="19759850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759850" title="Wakeland (London cricketer)">
Wakeland (London cricketer)

Wakeland (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches for London Cricket Club during the 1730s.
Career.
Wakeland is mentioned in two contemporary reports. He played in a single wicket match on Monday, 11 August 1735 for Three of London against Four of London at Kennington Common. In June 1736, he and George Oldner played in a single wicket match for London against two "famous" Richmond players who are "esteemed the best two in England". 
As Wakeland had established his reputation by 1735, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1720s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Wakeland.

</doc>
<doc id="19759901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759901" title="Stolen Horse International">
Stolen Horse International

Stolen Horse International, Inc. (SHI) is an organization founded to assist horse owners with recovering horses lost during theft. Their website states their mission is "to provide a comprehensive theft awareness program to all facets of the horse industry and offer educational opportunities for horse enthusiasts of all types and across all disciplines."
Stolen Horse International, Inc. is a registered 501(c)(3) non-profit.
Activities.
Stolen Horses.
The organization seeks primarily to aid in the search for stolen and missing horses. According to statistics, thousands of horses are stolen each year in the United States.
Horses constitute an easy source of cash for thieves. They can be quickly sold at saleyards, making it difficult to track the thief. Horses in areas that are not well supervised are at highest risk. Horses can also be stolen through civil theft such as bad leases, family or friend disputes, or through divorce. Once stolen, the horses can end up going to slaughter, resold at auction, or end up as riding mounts. The more times they are resold, the harder it is to find a stolen horse. Thieves are only interested in a short-term profit and do not care about where the horse ends up.
Stolen Tack and Trailers.
Stolen Horse International also aid owners in finding stolen equipment including tack and trailers. Tack is typically difficult to track, especially if not engraved with some identification number. Stolen tack is typically resold at auction (including online auctions such as E-Bay), feed and tack stores, or at pawn shops. Organizations such as SHI assist with recovering tack by sending notifications out to thousands of recipients.
Horse trailers are an easy target for thieves. Despite having a unique VIN and requiring a title, thieves have figured ways to forge titles so they can resell the trailer and not be tracked. Once a trailer is stolen, notifications and fliers can be sent out by SHI to help make potential buyers aware of the stolen trailer.
Missing Owners.
SHI also assists owners with recovering horses whose owners are unknown. Such events typically occur during natural disasters such as wildfires and hurricanes. They assisted with reuniting pet owners with their pets after Hurricane Katrina.
Education.
A book titled "Horse Theft. Been There—Done That" was released by SHI to inform horse owners about how to protect their horses from theft. The organization also travels to various clinics across the United States to educate horse owners on how to prevent and deal with the theft of their horses.
Seeking Justice.
SHI also works closely with law enforcement personnel to aid in the apprehension of horse thieves. Many thieves have been apprehended after the group has assisted with the recovery of stolen horses.
Volunteers.
The work performed by SHI is done by thousands of volunteers which receive and distribute fliers, usually sent electronically via e-mail or fax. Their electronic mailing list, titled the IDAHO Alert Network, can be accessed freely by anyone with Internet access. Because the group is a non-profit, volunteer work is important since their funding is limited.
History.
Stolen Horse International, Inc.,was founded by Debi Metcalfe with the help of her husband Harold. Harold's mare, Idaho, was stolen September 26, 1997. Idaho was eventually recovered after 51 weeks (need reference). After the recovery, Mrs. Metcalfe started Stolen Horse International, Inc., commonly known as NetPosse.com, to aid other owners with the recovery of their stolen horses.

</doc>
<doc id="19759916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759916" title="France–Greece relations">
France–Greece relations

Franco-Greek relations or France–Greece relations, are foreign relations between France and Greece. In modern times, both countries established diplomatic relations in 1833, 3 years after the Greek Independence. France and Greece, due to the strong cultural and historical relations, have had a friendly and strategic alliance for decades and today enjoy perfect diplomatic relations.
History.
Relations stretch back to Classical Antiquity, when Ancient Greek colonies were established in pre-Roman Gaul, the most important of which being Massilia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Frence: Marseilles), located in southeastern France (which today is the country's oldest city, as well as the second largest, by population). From Massilia and other Greek colonies, Greek goods and elements of the Greek civilization, including coins, spread inland (see Greeks in pre-Roman Gaul). The Gauls in turn became a part of the Hellenistic world proper after the 3rd century BC, following the Gallic invasion of the Balkans and their establishment in Galatia in Asia Minor.
In the Middle Ages, French crusaders played a major role in the Fourth Crusade and set up several states in Greece following the dissolution of the Byzantine Empire in 1204. This began the period known as "Frankokratia" ("Frankocracy") in Greece. The main French Crusader states were the Principality of Achaea and the Duchy of Athens, while the other West European states were mostly Italian (Lombard, Venetian or Genoese). 
In the modern age, the French Enlightenment and the ideas of the French Revolution influenced the main thinkers of the Modern Greek Enlightenment, such as Adamantios Korais (who lived in France) and Rigas Feraios, and formed the ideological groundwork for the Greek War of Independence. French troops also occupied the Ionian Islands during the Napoleonic Wars, paving the way for the first independent Greek state of modern times, the Septinsular Republic. During the Greek War of Independence that began in 1821, French Philhellenes played an important role, providing much-needed military expertise and propagating the cause of Greek independence abroad. Among the most important was Charles Nicolas Fabvier, the father of the modern Greek regular army. French ships also took part in the crucial Battle of Navarino, which secured Greek independence, and a French expeditionary corps landed in Greece in 1828 to help clear the country of remaining Ottoman garrisons. 
Along with Great Britain and Russia, France became one of the guarantor powers of the independent Kingdom of Greece. This was reflected in Greek domestic politics during the reign of King Otto, where a French Party vied for influence with the rival English and Russian parties. Britain gradually assumed the dominant position in Greek affairs after the 1860s, but France still retained a measure of influence, especially in military affairs, where French military missions were called to modernize the Greek Army. France also played a leading role in the effort to bring Greece into World War I, involving itself in the so-called "National Schism" on the side of Eleftherios Venizelos. French troops occupied Athens, seized the Greek fleet, and finally, in June 1917, deposed King Constantine I of Greece. The pro-Greek policies of the French government, however, were reversed after Venizelos' electoral defeat in November 1920, after which France supported Kemal Ataturk's Turkish nationalists in their war against Greece.
Overview.
Greece has an embassy and a consulate in Paris, a general consulate in Marseille, and 11 honorary consulates in Ajaccio, Bordeaux, Cherbourg, Grenoble, Le Havre, Lille, Lyon, Nantes, Nice, Saint-Etienne, Calais.
France has an embassy and a consulate in Athens, and a general consulate in Thessalonica and honorary consulates in several Greek cities, most notably the consulates of Patras, Nafplion, and Iraklion.
Bilateral relations & cooperation.
France and Greece were allies during both World Wars, the Korean War and have never been adversaries of each other.
The two countries have had a friendly and strategic alliance for decades and are full members of many international organizations, including the European Union and NATO. Greece has been a full member of the Francophonie organisation since 2004. 
There are regular high-level visits between the two countries, and frequent contacts between the two heads of state. France and Greece are co-operating in many fields, including cultural, scientific, judicial and military. Several Greek cities, and most notably Argos and Athens, are the seats for French Schools of Archeological and Historical studies, where students from both countries study and co-operate in the fields of Archeology and History.

</doc>
<doc id="19759928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759928" title="Greeks in France">
Greeks in France

The Greek community in France numbers around 3,800 people. They are located all around the country but the main communities are located in Paris, Marseille and Grenoble.
The Greeks of Marseille.
Marseille, known as Massalia in Greek, was founded by Greeks from Ionia in 600 BC. The Massaliot Greeks are believed to have introduced viticulture to France. Notable ancient Greeks from Massalia included the great explorer and scientist Pytheas.
Historically the Greek community was composed of merchants, ship-owners, intellectuals and international traders. They participated in the city’s political life or became patrons of its cultural life and the philanthropic activity of some of them was crowned by the Légion d’Honneur.
The Greeks of Corsica.
Corsican Maniots are descendants of Maniots, who migrated to Corsica during the 400 year Ottoman rule over most of Greece. To this day the Cargèse region of Corsica is referred to as "Cargèse la Grecque" (Cargèse, the Greek). The origins of the Greek Maniots community in Corsica dates back to the end of the 17th century, when Greece was then under Ottoman Turk rule and there was a flow of Greek refugees from the Ottoman Empire. The Maniot Greeks were settled on the island and given lands for farming and animal grazing by the then ruling power, Genoa, as part of a Genoese policy to limit the spread and impact of an emergent Corsican nationalism violently opposed to foreign rule. The Maniots founded their four new villages in Paomia with their own church and culture. As a consequence, the pro-Genoese Greeks in Corsica became the targets of sustained attacks by Corsican nationalists and resentful farmers, and so had to be re-settled several times before finally being given territory around Cargese. Attempts at integrating Greeks into Corsican society involved the establishment of a mixed Greek-Corsican gendermerie. Many Corsican Greeks subsequently left the island for French-ruled Algeria, in a wave of south European settlement of the North African colony sponsored by the French government, but returned to Corsica and elsewhere in France following Algerian independence. They have now become fully assimilated into Corsican and French society, through both intermarriage and education. In general this has resulted in Corsican Greeks losing their separate ethnic-religious identity and knowledge of the Greek language, with even older Cargese inhabitants of Greek ancestry having little if any ability to read or speak Greek.

</doc>
<doc id="19759931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759931" title="Hermenegildo Galeana, Chihuahua">
Hermenegildo Galeana, Chihuahua

It is named after Hermenegildo Galeana.

</doc>
<doc id="19759934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759934" title="Tropaeolin OO">
Tropaeolin OO

Acid orange 5 is a compound with formula Na(C6H5NHC6H4N=NC6H4SO3). It is a dye.

</doc>
<doc id="19759937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759937" title="Wake-up robot problem">
Wake-up robot problem

In robotics, the wake-up robot problem refers to a situation where an autonomous robot is carried to an arbitrary location and put to operation, and the robot must localize itself without any prior knowledge.
The wake-up robot problem is closely related to the kidnapped robot problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19759940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759940" title="Philippe Swan">
Philippe Swan

Philippe Swan (born Philippe Colpaert on 18 March 1961 in Elisabethville) is a Belgian singer-songwriter. He had a success in 1989 with "Dans ma rue".
Biography.
After his studies in Solvay, he worked in a Belgian firm of discs. Then he wrote a few songs, including "J'ai joué, j'ai perdu", "Suzy", "Policy of Love", "Je plane", "Machinalement" and "Rien faire sauf l'amour". "Dans ma rue" was released in France in 1989 reached #36 on the French SNEP Singles Chart. However, he preferred to write and compose for other artists, released a few albums in his name, then became a producer. He worked especially for Mélanie Cohl, who performed one of the songs of the soundtrack of "Mulan", a Walt Disney movie. He also wrote "Dis oui", song with which she participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998. He also wrote lyrics for Günther Neefs (2000), Priscilla (2002), Lutin Plop and Fred & Samson (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19759941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759941" title="Loch Creran">
Loch Creran

Loch Creran is a sea loch in Argyll, on the west coast of Scotland. It is about long from its head at Invercreran to its mouth on the Lynn of Lorne, part of Loch Linnhe. The loch separates the areas of Benderloch to the south and Appin to the north. The island of Eriska lies at the mouth of the loch. The loch is bridged at its narrowest point, at Creagan, by the A828 road. The village of Barcaldine lies on the south shore of the loch.

</doc>
<doc id="19759961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759961" title="The House of the Rising Sun">
The House of the Rising Sun

"The House of the Rising Sun" is a traditional folk song, sometimes called "Rising Sun Blues". It tells of a life gone wrong in New Orleans. The most successful commercial version, recorded in 1964 by the English rock group The Animals, was a number one hit in the United Kingdom, the United States, Sweden, Finland, and Canada.
Origin and early versions.
Like many classic folk ballads, the authorship of "The House of the Rising Sun" is uncertain. Musicologists say that it is based on the tradition of broadside ballads such as "The Unfortunate Rake" of the 18th century and that English emigrants took the song to America where it was adapted to its later New Orleans setting. Alan Price of The Animals has even claimed that the song was originally a sixteenth-century English folk song about a Soho brothel.
The oldest known existing recording is by Appalachian artists Clarence "Tom" Ashley and Gwen Foster, who recorded it for Vocalion Records in 1934. Ashley said he had learned it from his grandfather, Enoch Ashley.
The song was among those collected by folklorist Alan Lomax, who, along with his father, was a curator of the Archive of American Folk Song for the Library of Congress. On an expedition with his wife to eastern Kentucky, Lomax set up his recording equipment in Middlesborough, Kentucky, in the house of a singer and activist named Tilman Cadle. In 1937 he recorded a performance by Georgia Turner, the 16-year-old daughter of a local miner. He called it "The Rising Sun Blues". Lomax later recorded a different version sung by Bert Martin and a third sung by Daw Henson, both eastern Kentucky singers. In his 1941 songbook "Our Singing Country", Lomax credits the lyrics to Turner, with reference to Martin's version. According to his later writing, the melody bears similarities to the traditional English ballad, "Matty Groves".
Roy Acuff, an "early-day friend and apprentice" of Ashley, learned it from him and later recorded it as "Rising Sun". In 1941, Woody Guthrie recorded a version. A recording made in 1947 by Josh White, who is also credited with having written new words and music that have subsequently been popularized in the versions made by many other later artists, was released by Mercury Records in 1950. Lead Belly recorded two versions of the song in February 1944 and in October 1948, called "In New Orleans" and "The House of the Rising Sun" respectively; the latter was recorded in sessions that later became the album "Lead Belly's Last Sessions" (1994, Smithsonian Folkways).
In 1957 Glenn Yarbrough recorded the song for Elektra Records. The song is also credited to Ronnie Gilbert on one of The Weavers albums released in the late 1940s or early 1950s. Pete Seeger released a version on Folkways Records in 1958, which was re-released by Smithsonian Folkways in 2009. Frankie Laine recorded the song then titled "New Orleans" on his 1959 album "Balladeer". Actor and comedian Andy Griffith recorded the song on his 1959 album "Andy Griffith Shouts The Blues And Old Timey Songs". Joan Baez recorded it in 1960 on her debut album; she frequently performed the song in concert throughout her career. In 1960 Miriam Makeba recorded the song on her eponymous RCA album.
In late 1961, Bob Dylan recorded the song for his debut album, released in March 1962. That release had no songwriting credit, but the liner notes indicate that Dylan learned this version of the song from Dave Van Ronk. In an interview on the documentary "No Direction Home", Van Ronk said that he was intending to record the song, and that Dylan copied his version. He recorded it soon thereafter on "Just Dave Van Ronk".
Nina Simone recorded her first version on "Nina at the Village Gate" in 1962. Later versions include the 1965 recording in Colombia by Los Speakers in Spanish called "La casa del sol naciente", which was also the title of their second album. They earned a silver record (for sales of over 15,000 copies). The Chambers Brothers recorded a version on "Feelin' The Blues", released on Vault records.
The Animals version.
An interview with Eric Burdon revealed that he first heard the song in a club in Newcastle, England, where it was sung by the Northumbrian folk singer Johnny Handle. The Animals were on tour with Chuck Berry and chose it because they wanted something distinctive to sing. This interview refutes assertions that the inspiration for their arrangement came from Bob Dylan. The band enjoyed a huge hit with the song, much to Dylan's chagrin when his version was referred to as a cover. The irony of this was not lost on Dave Van Ronk, who said the whole issue was a "tempest in a teapot," and that Dylan stopped playing the song after The Animals' hit because fans accused Dylan of plagiarism. Dylan has said he first heard The Animals' version on his car radio and "jumped out of his car seat" because he liked it so much.
Dave Marsh described The Animals' take on "The House of the Rising Sun" as "...the first folk-rock hit," sounding "...as if they'd connected the ancient tune to a live wire." Writer Ralph McLean of the BBC agreed that, "It was arguably the first folk rock tune," calling it "a revolutionary single" after which "the face of modern music was changed forever." Van Ronk claims that this version was based on his arrangement of the song.
The Animals' version transposes the narrative of the song from the point of view of a woman led into a life of degradation, whose "father" was now a gambler and drunkard, as opposed to the "sweetheart" in earlier versions.
The Animals had begun featuring their arrangement of "House of the Rising Sun" during a joint concert tour with Chuck Berry, using it as their closing number to differentiate themselves from acts that always closed with straight rockers. It got a tremendous reaction from the audience, convincing initially reluctant producer Mickie Most that it had hit potential and between tour stops the group went to a small recording studio on Kingsway in London to capture it.
Recorded in just one take on 18 May 1964, it started with a famous electric guitar A minor chord arpeggio by Hilton Valentine. The performance took off with Burdon's lead vocal, which has been variously described as "howling," "soulful," and as "...deep and gravelly as the north-east English coal town of Newcastle that spawned him." Finally, Alan Price's pulsating organ part (played on a Vox Continental) completed the sound. Burdon later said, "We were looking for a song that would grab people's attention." "House of the Rising Sun" was a trans-Atlantic hit: having reached the top of the UK pop singles chart in July 1964 it topped the U.S. pop singles chart two months later in September, when it became the first British Invasion number one unconnected with The Beatles); it was the group's breakthrough hit in both countries and became their signature song. The song was less successful in Ireland, only peaking at #10 and dropping off the charts one week later. Ireland had the showband scene and did not consider rhythm and blues a very popular type of music. The song was also a hit in a number of other countries.
The Animals' rendering of the song is recognized as one of the classics of the British pop music. Writer Lester Bangs labeled it "a brilliant rearrangement" and "a new standard rendition of an old standard composition." It ranked number 122 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time list. It is also one of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. The RIAA placed it as number 240 on their Songs of the Century list. In 1999 it received a Grammy Hall of Fame Award. It has long since become a staple of oldies and classic rock radio formats. A 2005 Five poll ranked it as Britains' fourth favourite number one song.
As recorded, "House of the Rising Sun" ran four and a half minutes, regarded as far too long for a pop single at the time. Producer Most, who otherwise minimized his role on this occasion – "Everything was in the right place ... It only took 15 minutes to make so I can't take much credit for the production" – nonetheless was now a believer and declared it as a single at its full length, saying "We're in a microgroove world now, we will release it."
In the United States, though, the original single (MGM 13264) "was" a 2:58 version. The MGM Golden Circle reissue (KGC 179) featured the unedited 4:29 version, although the label shows the edited playing time of 2:58. The edited version was included on the group's 1964 U.S. debut album "The Animals", while the full version was later included on their best-selling 1966 U.S. greatest hits album "The Best of The Animals". However, the very first American release of the full-length version was on a 1965 album of various groups entitled "Mickie Most Presents British Go-Go" (MGM SE-4306), the cover of which, under the listing of "House Of The Rising Sun", boasted, "Original uncut version." Americans also could hear the complete version in the movie "Go Go Mania" in the spring of 1965.
"House of the Rising Sun" was not included on any of the group's British albums. Rather, it was reissued as a single twice in subsequent decades, charting both times: to number 25 in 1972, and to number 11 in 1982.
The arranging credit went only to Alan Price. According to Burdon, this was simply because there was insufficient room to name all five band members on the record label, and Alan Price's first name was first alphabetically. However, this meant that only Price received songwriter's royalties for the hit, a fact that has caused bitterness ever since, especially with Valentine.
Frijid Pink version.
In 1969, Detroit band Frijid Pink recorded a version of "House of the Rising Sun" that became an international hit in 1970. Sometimes described as psychedelic, their rendition is more in line with the proto-punk sound of fellow Detroit acts MC5 and The Stooges. Their version is in 4/4 time (like Van Ronk's and most earlier versions, rather than the 6/8 used by The Animals), and was driven by Gary Ray Thompson's distorted guitar with fuzz and wah wah effects, set against the frenetic drumming of Richard Stevers.
According to Stevers, the Frijid Pink recording of "House of the Rising Sun" was done impromptu when there was time leftover at a recording session booked for the group at the Tera Shirma Recording Studios. Stevers later played snippets from that session's tracks for Paul Cannon, the music director of Detroit's premier rock radio station WKNR - Stevers knew Cannon as his (Stevers') girlfriend's father - ; Stevers recalls: "we went through the whole thing and Cannon didn't say much. Then 'House the Rising Sun' started up and I immediately turned it off because it wasn't anything I really wanted him to hear." However Cannon was intrigued and had Stevers play the complete track for him, then advising Stevers, "Tell Parrot Pink's label to drop "God Gave Me You" group's current single and go with this one."
Frijid Pink's "House of the Rising Sun" debuted at #29 on the WKNR hit parade dated 6 January 1970 and broke nationally after some seven weeks—during which the track was re-serviced to radio three times—with a #73 debut on the Hot 100 in "Billboard" dated 27 February 1970 with a subsequent three-week ascent to the Top 30 en route to a Hot 100 peak of #7 on 4 April 1970. The certification of the Frijid Pink single "House of the Rising Sun" as a gold record for domestic sales of one million units was reported in the issue of "Billboard" dated 30 May 1970.
The Frijid Pink single of "House of the Rising Sun" would afford the song its most widespread international success with Top Ten status reached in Austria (#3), Belgium (Flemish Region) (#6), Canada (#3), Denmark (#3), Germany (2 weeks @#1), Greece, Ireland (#7), Israel (#4), the Netherlands (#3), Norway (7 weeks @#1), Poland (#2), Sweden (#6), Switzerland (#2) and the UK (#4); the single also charted in Australia (#14), France (#36) and Italy (#54).
Jody Miller, Dolly Parton versions.
The song has twice been a hit record on "Billboard"'s country chart. In 1973, Jody Miller reached #29 on the country charts and #41 on the adult contemporary chart.
In September 1981, Dolly Parton released a cover of the song as the third single from her "9 to 5 and Odd Jobs" album. Like Miller's earlier country hit, Parton's remake returns the song to its original lyric of being about a fallen woman. The Parton version makes it quite blunt with a few new lyric lines that were written by Parton. Parton's remake reached # 14 on the U.S. country singles chart, and crossed over to the pop charts, where it reached # 77 on the Billboard Hot 100; it also reached # 30 on the U.S AC charts. Parton has occasionally performed the song live, perhaps most notably, on her 1987-88 television show, in an episode taped live in New Orleans.
Possible real locations.
Various places in New Orleans, Louisiana have been proposed as the inspiration for the song, with varying plausibility. The phrase "House of the Rising Sun" is often understood as a euphemism for a brothel, but it is not known whether or not the house described in the lyrics was an actual or fictitious place. One theory speculated the song is about a daughter who killed her father, an alcoholic gambler who had beaten his wife. Therefore, the House of the Rising Sun may be a jail-house, from which one would be the first person to see the sun rise (an idea supported by the lyric mentioning "a ball and chain," though that phrase has been slang for marital relationships for at least as long as the song has been in print). Because women often sang the song, another theory is that the House of the Rising Sun was where prostitutes were detained while treated for syphilis. Since cures with mercury were ineffective, going back was very unlikely.
Only three candidates that use the name "Rising Sun" have historical evidence—from old city directories and newspapers. The first was a small short-lived hotel on Conti Street in the French Quarter in the 1820s. It burned down in 1822. An excavation and document search in early 2005 found evidence that supported this claim, including an advertisement with language that may have euphemistically indicated prostitution. Archaeologists found an unusually large number of pots of rouge and cosmetics at the site.
The second possibility was a late 19th-century "Rising Sun Hall" listed in late 19th century city directories on what is now Cherokee Street at the riverfront of the uptown Carrollton neighborhood, which seems to have been a building owned and used for meetings of a Social Aid & Pleasure Club, commonly rented out for dances and functions. It also is no longer extant. Definite links to gambling or prostitution (if any) are undocumented for either of these buildings.
A third was "The Rising Sun", which advertised in several local newspapers in the 1860s, located on what is now the lake side of the 100 block of Decatur Street. [http://leonardearljohnson.blogspot.com/2010_10_01_archive.html] In various advertisements described as a "Restaurant," a "Lager Beer Salon," and a "Coffee House." At the time, New Orleans businesses listed as "coffee houses" often also sold alcoholic beverages.
"Bizarre New Orleans", a guide book on New Orleans, asserts that the real house was at 1614 Esplanade Avenue between 1862 and 1874 and was purportedly named for its madam, Marianne LeSoleil Levant whose name translates from French as "the rising sun".
It is also possible that the "House of the Rising Sun" is a metaphor for either the slave pens of the plantation, the plantation house, or the plantation itself, which were the subjects and themes of many traditional blues songs. Dave van Ronk claimed in his autobiography that he had seen pictures of the old Orleans Parish Women's Prison, which had an entrance decorated with a rising sun design. He considered this proof that the House of the Rising Sun had been a nickname for the prison.
The singer is flexible. Earlier versions of the song are often sung from the woman's perspective, a woman who followed a drunk or a gambler to New Orleans and became a prostitute in the House of the Rising Sun (or, depending on one's interpretation, an inmate in a prison of the same name), such as in Joan Baez's version on her self-titled 1960 debut album, or Jody Miller's 1973 single. The Animals version was sung from a perspective of a man, for whom the house has been his ruin. Bob Dylan's 1962 version and Shawn Mullins' covered version on his album "9th Ward Pickin' Parlor" is sung from the woman's perspective.
Not everyone, however, believes that the house actually existed. Pamela D. Arceneaux, a research librarian working at the Williams Research Center in New Orleans, is quoted as saying:
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19759965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759965" title="Parallels Plesk Billing">
Parallels Plesk Billing

The Parallels Plesk Billing software package is a commercial web hosting billing and automation program. Originally released under the U.S. company ModernGigabyte, LLC and designed in Louisville, KY, 
Parallels Plesk Billing became an Parallels, Inc. product when Parallels, Inc. acquired ModernGigabyte, LLC in January 2008. Originally called ModernBill, the product's name was changed to Parallels Plesk Billing as part of an overall rebranding of the company's products.
Overview.
Parallels Plesk Billing allows a server administrator to acquire, provision, manage and reccurringly bill orders for services requested from end customers with a particular emphasis on domain registration, web hosting, digital certificates and other web-based services and applications. Parallels Plesk Billing integrates through an API with many third party systems like control panels, domain registrars, payment gateways, and other service providers. Other features include support for template based plans, upgrade/grade options, ala carte resource additions, and suspension/re-enablement based on payment history.
Parallels Plesk Billing utilizes a MySQLl database running on PHP 5.x or better. Parallels Plesk Billing can be installed on any Windows, Linux, or FreeBSD operating system that supports Apache server or Internet Information Services. .

</doc>
<doc id="19759966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759966" title="A431 cells">
A431 cells

A431 cells are a model cell line (epidermoid carcinoma) used in biomedical research. More specifically, they are used in studies of the cell cycle and cancer-associated cell signalling pathways since they express abnormally high levels of the Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As such they are often used as a positive control for EGFR expression. They contain no functional p53, a potent tumor suppressor gene, and so are highly sensitive to mitogenic stimuli. A431 cells were established from an epidermoid carcinoma in the skin/epidermis of an 85 year old female patient. 
Epidermal growth factor (EGF) stimulation of A431 cells induces rapid tyrosine phosphorylation of intracellular signalling proteins which control cellular processes such as growth, proliferation and apoptosis. At low (picomolar) concentrations EGF promotes cell growth of A431 cells whereas at higher (nanomolar) concentrations it inhibits growth by causing the cells to terminally differentiate. Treatment of A431 cells with bradykinin reduces basal and EGF-induced EGFR phosphorylation. Treatment with sertoli cell secreted growth factor (SCSGF) strongly induces cell proliferation. Stimulation of A431 cells with phorbol esters induces expression of interleukin 1-related protein IL1H.

</doc>
<doc id="19759967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759967" title="César González (footballer)">
César González (footballer)

César "chalaca" González was a professional football player from Peru. He currently has entered the coaching business and has led Peruvian teams such as Sport Boys. He is widely known for his constant bicycle kicks, and for them received the nickname "chalaca," which is the Spanish term for the bicycle kick.

</doc>
<doc id="19759969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759969" title="Andrew Ryan (BioShock)">
Andrew Ryan (BioShock)

Andrew Ryan is the main antagonist in the 2007 video game "BioShock". Ryan is a business magnate in the 1940s and 1950s, seeking to avoid scrutiny from governments and other oversight, ordered the secret construction of an underwater city, Rapture. When Ryan's vision for a utopia in Rapture collapsed into dystopia, he hides himself away and uses armies of mutated humans, "Splicers", to defend himself and fight against those resisting him, including the player-character Jack within the first game. He is referenced in the sequel, "BioShock 2".
Ryan was created by Irrational Games' Ken Levine, based on figures like Ayn Rand and Howard Hughes. The character has received significant praise from critics. He is voiced by Armin Shimerman, whose voice acting was cited as one of the contributing factors to the success of "BioShock" as it won "Best Use of Sound" from IGN. Ryan has been compared to several different real-life and fictional figures, his world of Rapture compared to the world of Galt’s Gulch in the Ayn Rand novel "Atlas Shrugged".
Concept and creation.
"BioShock" director Ken Levine described Andrew Ryan as a character of ideals, in contrast to another character, Frank Fontaine, who has no ideals. Designing the boss battle between the player and Ryan was a controversial decision for the developers, due to the question of what the player's motive is at this point. Ryan taking his own life to prevent Jack, the protagonist, from accomplishing this, was described as the "ultimate insult" by Levine. The scene took a long time for the developers to finish. Levine stated that they figured out who the character of Andrew Ryan is too early, adding that they underestimated the impact that this would make. While he is saner than the opponents the players encounter before him, including a plastic surgeon who takes his ideal of beauty too far, he is as unmovable as they are, unwilling to change his ideals. When discussing how many people would get the good ending to "BioShock", he commented that Ryan would not, choosing to take the easier path.
In creating the world of Rapture, Levine imagined a utopia that its creators did not want the outside world to discover. Following this, he created the character of Ryan as its creator, giving him a "pseudo-objectivism and extremely capitalistic view on the world" as well as a fear of the New Dealers in the United States and communists in Russia would find it. Levine states that to him, Ryan's philosophies come from Art Deco, describing the style as, "Yes, we are men, and we control the universe!" He considered Ryan a combination of historical figures such as Howard Hughes and Ayn Rand, though comparing him to John Galt, a character in Rand's "Atlas Shrugged", in that he is more similar to a real person, making mistakes and having fear and doubts. Levine purposely named Ryan as he did, using a semi-anagram of Ayn Rand's name to establish the connection. During a questions and answers segment, a questioner stated that he did not want to kill Ryan, asking Levine, "Are still (sic) doomed to make games where we have to use plot devices to clean that up?" to which Levine responded that video games were admittedly linear, saying that it was hard enough to come up with one good plot, let alone multiple ones. Levine stated that he did not expect the "ugly comedown from the stratospheric highs" from the Andrew Ryan scene near the end.
Characteristics.
Andrew Ryan has libertarian ideals, to a degree that they are the most important thing to him, more so than his own life. He has an irrational hatred of what he refers to as "parasites," consisting mainly of people who support left-wing politics; namely socialism, communism, and theocracy, respectively. Ryan also has a vast hatred for the religious, but more notably the altruistic, as he believes altruism to be the root of all evil.
Ryan is a strong supporter of meritocracy. He believes that all individuals have the right to keep what they earn and the place to live without government interference, with "parasites" being the only ones who would attempt to deny mankind that of free will. Ryan accentuates this belief to the extreme, denouncing all laws. One of Ryan's main ethics is that of free market, asserting that all industry should be kept completely unfettered by government intervention. But Ryan is also a vociferous dictator, ruling without government interference. He keeps the city on tight curfews and martial law when the civil war starts and the people start killing each other.
Ryan coined his own economic philosophy which he named the "Great Chain of Industry," or simply the "Great Chain." Similar to the "Invisible hand of the market" metaphor coined by Adam Smith, Ryan conceptualized all of society as bound together by a an invisible, intangible "chain" of economic inter-relations. This great, invisible chain of industry only pulls society in the right direction when all pull on it to serve their own interests, i.e. in a totally free market completely free of any government regulation (similar to Ayn Rand's views of totally unregulated capitalism). This principle extended to the point that Ryan opposed regulation for basic quality control or safety, on the grounds that the "Great Chain" of the free market would ensure that a stable level of quality was maintained without outside interference. As a practical result, after fifteen years this plunged Rapture's economy into a Race to the bottom: every product was made as cheaply as possible and at the lowest quality, meaning that the only way any one business could turn a profit was to also sell low quality products at inflated prices.
A strong atheist, Ryan disregards all forms of organised religion. Religious intervention on Ryan's own private property before his founding of Rapture, claiming the "land belonged to God" played a major part in his decision to build Rapture.
Role in "BioShock".
The player only encounters Ryan once in person throughout the entire "BioShock" franchise, with most of his appearance being made via radio transmission and audio diaries. Ryan is always seen with his hair slicked back and sporting a smart suit and necktie. In an image the player encounters of Ryan during the "Welcome to Rapture" and "Rapture Control Centre" levels, he can be seen wearing a black fedora.
Ryan's first appearance in the franchise is in "BioShock", the first installment of the series. He serves as one of the primary antagonists throughout the game. He created "BioShock"s world, Rapture, as a means to escape from such ideals as religion, communism, and altruism. Rapture eventually falls apart when young scientist Brigid Tenenbaum discovers a substance she later names "ADAM". While the initial properties of her new discovery were confusing, she later diagnosed that when "ADAM" was injected via a hypodermic syringe into the arm, it allows the user to "bend the double-helix" and provides what could be described as "superpowers." However, the long-term effects of ADAM soon become obvious, as the substance is highly addictive and both mental and physical deterioration begin to occur.
When Jack (the protagonist in "BioShock") arrives in Rapture, Ryan views him as a threat, initially believing him to be a government agent, most likely sent by the Russian KGB or the American CIA. Ryan attempts to do whatever possible to kill Jack, who is aided by Ryan's arch nemesis, Atlas. Towards the end of the game it is revealed to the player that Jack is actually Andrew Ryan's illegitimate son. This is hinted at throughout the game though the player is only given all the facts shortly after Andrew Ryan is assassinated. Ryan apparently had sexual intercourse with a young female stripper named Jasmine Jolene resulting in her pregnancy, though Ryan was not aware of this. Throughout Rapture's history Ryan had frequent encounters with a smuggler named Frank Fontaine, who later became a leading figure in Rapture's genetic arms race towards the end of the 1950s. Fontaine decided to take advantage of this opportunity, and paid a high-ranking employee of his, Brigid Tenenbaum, to purchase the embryo from Jolene, which Jolene agreed to simply because she "needed the money." After Andrew Ryan became aware of this, he brutally murdered her, leaving her corpse on a bed in the "Eve's Garden" strip club. Fontaine later named the child, "Jack", and ordered a scientist under his employment, Dr. Yi Suchong to accelerate Jack's growth, and make him vulnerable to several mental techniques; one such technique was to force Jack to perform any requested action after hearing the phrase "Would you kindly...".
When Andrew Ryan and Jack inevitably meet, Ryan states that Jack was his "greatest disappointment." Ryan gives a short monologue just before his death, explaining his past to Jack, and saying how little he differs from a simple slave. According to Ryan, "In the end, what separates a man from a slave? Money? Power? No... A man chooses, a slave obeys." Ryan hands Jack his golf putter, and then asks Jack, using the "would you kindly" phrase, to kill him, which Jack is forced to do.
Ryan also appears through audio diaries in "BioShock's" sequel, "BioShock 2", which give the player an expanded insight into Ryan's history and ideals.
Reception.
He is ranked ninth in "Electronic Gaming Monthly"s list of the top ten video game politicians. IGN editor Charles Onyett described him as "anything but a prototypical villain", describing him as having a bottomless ambition for creating a city at the bottom of the sea. He added that while his words resemble "totalitarian propaganda", players cannot help but sympathize with him.
During a discussion about the potential plot of the game's sequel "BioShock 2", editor Hilary Goldstein said that Ryan should reappear in it, and that while it should be in a new area, it should still have connections to him. Onyett called Ryan a key element, and if not included in the sequel, there would be a dramatic loss of personality. He claimed that much of Rapture's personality comes from Ryan, and it would have much less of an impact without him. Editor Ryan Geddes agreed, adding that he felt there was more to Ryan than Rapture. Editor Nate Ahem suggested that the game's sequel, "BioShock 2", could potentially put the players in the role of Ryan, to explore the story of trying to create a perfect world and having it crumble beneath their feet.
Gamasutra editor Leigh Alexander ranked him the third most affecting character of 2007, behind GLaDOS from "Portal" and player-created characters such as in massive multiplayer online role-playing games. Leigh calls him a "cautionary example of the danger of pure philosophy", adding that while he begins as the primary antagonist, players sympathize with him once it becomes clear that he is so "bitterly wrong". Adam Volk of Gamasutra described him as a fascinating take on the mad scientist character, adding that if more developers steer away from stereotypes of the character type, these characters could easily rival those in film, television, or novels. In the book "Halos and Avatars: Playing Video Games with God", author Craig Detweiler calls him an "obvious reference to the objectivist writer and philosopher Ayn Rand".
Onyett praised Shimerman for his portrayal of Ryan, calling him a "joy to listen to" and adding that he would "give Stephen Colbert a run for his money." 411 Mania editor Adam Larck agreed, praising the introduction Ryan gives to the player as they enter Rapture. Game Chronicles editor Mark Smith praised the voice acting of the game, praising Shimerman's commitment to the story and theme. Total PlayStation editor gave similar praise to Shimerman, commenting that he and Atlas' voice actor rounded out the cast. Worthplaying editor Brian Dumlao commented that Ryan's voice "conveys ... the struggle of a man whose ideals are being threatened by a rival businessman", and praising the delivery of the actors to why the story is so good. In their Game of the Year awards, IGN praised the voice acting, citing Ryan's speech he delivers to players as what convinced them. They awarded "BioShock" "Best use of sound".
He has been compared to several other characters in fiction and real life. Ryan's world of Rapture has been compared to that of Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged". Blog Critics editor described Ryan as arrogant, greedy, and naive, adding that these traits led Rapture to destruction. Lou Kesten of the San Francisco Chronicle also made this comparison, comparing the name "Andrew Ryan" to the author, "Ayn Rand", in its similarity. Onyett agreed, describing him as a "Randian hero". He has also been compared to the eponymous character of "Citizen Kane". Official Xbox Magazine editor Dan Griliopoulos likened his appearance to that of Gomez Addams, the father from "The Addams Family". IGN editors Phil Pirrello and Christopher Monfette described him as being more communist than Vladimir Lenin, the first head of state of the Soviet Union, also comparing him to Italian philosopher and writer Niccolò Machiavelli. While discussing potential actors who could portray Ryan in the upcoming "BioShock" film, IGN editors chose Anthony Hopkins as the perfect choice for the role.
IGN later put Andrew Ryan at number 10 in their list of the Top 100 Videogame Villains, saying, "The force of his personality and clarity of his vision is admirable throughout the game. Rapture wouldn't be nearly as interesting without Ryan and his complementing the action and exploration, shouting propaganda and taking every opportunity to broadcast his world view." The "PlayStation Official Magazine" placed him as the eight best videogame villains on PS3.

</doc>
<doc id="19759977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759977" title="Alexander Munro">
Alexander Munro

Alexander Munro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19759984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759984" title="Việt Võ Đạo">
Việt Võ Đạo

Việt Võ Đạo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19759988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759988" title="Joseffy">
Joseffy

Josef P. Freud (also known as Joseffy) (3 March 1873 – 26 May 1946) was a Viennese magician.
Joseffy came to the United States of America at the age of 19 where he worked at a Chicago Magic Store, building props and illusions. He invented a self-contained, no-thread version of The Rising Cards that astounded magicians of his day. One of his mechanical creations was the talking Skull of Balsamo.
Joseffy was a performer at Coney Island as the Chautauqua & Lyceum headliner, and also played violin.
The American poet Carl Sandburg wrote a promotional booklet entitled simply "Joseffy" (1910).
Joseffy eventually stopped performing and became an electrical engineer.
Literature.
Being very secretive about his inventions, it's been stated that in his book, "The Marvelous Creations of Joseffy" by David P. Abbott (1908), he either faked the photographs or showed apparatus that he did not actually use in the tricks to mislead the readers to the genuine secrets.

</doc>
<doc id="19759995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759995" title="Kinodynamic planning">
Kinodynamic planning

In robotics and motion planning, kinodynamic planning is a class of problems for which velocity, acceleration, and force/torque bounds must be satisfied, together with kinematic constraints such as avoiding obstacles. The term was coined by Bruce Donald, Pat Xavier, John Canny, and John Reif. Donald et al. developed the first polynomial-time approximation schemes (PTAS) for the problem. By providing a provably polynomial-time ε-approximation algorithm, they resolved a long-standing open problem in optimal control. Their first paper considered time-optimal control ("fastest path") of a point mass under Newtonian dynamics, amidst polygonal (2D) or polyhedral (3D) obstacles, subject to state bounds on position, velocity, and acceleration. Later they extended the technique to many other cases, for example, to 3D open-chain kinematic robots under full Lagrangian dynamics. More recently, many practical heuristic algorithms based on stochastic optimization and iterative sampling were developed, by a wide range of authors, to address the kinodynamic planning problem. These techniques for kinodynamic planning have been shown to work well in practice. However, none of these heuristic techniques can guarantee the optimality of the computed solution (i.e., they have no performance guarantees), and none can be mathematically proven to be faster than the original PTAS algorithms (i.e., none have a provably lower computational complexity).

</doc>
<doc id="19759996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19759996" title="Wheatley (London cricketer)">
Wheatley (London cricketer)

Wheatley (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who played in major matches for London Cricket Club during the 1730s and was evidently a top order batsman. He was a distiller by trade.
Career.
Wheatley played for London versus Surrey at Moulsey Hurst on Saturday, 7 June 1735, London winning the game by 9 wickets with Dunn and "Mr Wheatley, the distiller" the two not out batsmen at the end. 
As Wheatley had established his reputation by 1735, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1720s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Wheatley.

</doc>
<doc id="19760011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760011" title="Valentín Gómez Farías, Chihuahua">
Valentín Gómez Farías, Chihuahua

Valentín Gómez Farías is a town and seat of the Gómez Farías Municipality, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua.
It is named after Valentín Gómez Farías.

</doc>
<doc id="19760055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760055" title="Guadalupe, Chihuahua">
Guadalupe, Chihuahua

Guadalupe is a city and seat of the municipality of Guadalupe, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town had a total population of 3,022 inhabitants. 
Since police officer Ericka Gandara disappeared on 23 December 2010, the town has been left with no police officers. It remains unknown whether she has been kidnapped or not.

</doc>
<doc id="19760065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760065" title="AIG Financial Products">
AIG Financial Products

AIG Financial Products Corporation. (AIGFP) is a subsidiary of the American International Group, headquartered in Fairfield, CT, with major operations in London. The collapse of AIG Financial Products is considered to have played a pivotal role in the global financial crisis of 2008–2009. In the Spring of 2008 AIGFP suffered enormous loses from credit default swaps that it issued and traded. When these credit default swaps were issued in years prior the management of AIGFP believed they would only have to pay out very few, if any of the swaps. However as the financial crisis worsened during early 2008 many companies began to default on their debt, forcing AIGFP to assume losses greater than what was ever anticipated. 
The losses at AIGFP caused credit agencies to downgrade the credit rating of the entire AIG corporation in September 2008. The resulting liquidity crisis essentially bankrupted all of AIG. Many believed that AIG was too big to fail and that an AIG bankruptcy could cause an already fragile financial system to collapse, prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to extend an $85 billion line of credit to AIG. As a result the Federal Reserve was issued a stock warrant for 79.9% of the equity in AIG, effectively nationalizing the world's largest insurer. Shortly after, then treasury secretary, Henry Paulson announced the treasury's desire to break up and liquidate most of AIG. The company has since been selling off many of its subsidiaries in order to raise the cash necessary to pay back the Federal Reserve. AIG is currently in the process of closing AIGFP.
History.
Howard Sosin started the group in 1987. AIGFP businesses specialize interest rate and currency swaps and, more broadly, the capital markets. 
AIGFP focused principally on OTC derivatives markets and acted as principal in nearly all of its transactions involving capital markets offerings and corporate finance, investment and financial risk management products. AIGFP played key roles in the acquisition of London City Airport and, in one of the largest private equity transactions announced in 2006, the management-led buyout of Kinder Morgan.
AIGFP's commodity derivatives and commodity indices helped stimulate the development of this new asset class. AIGFP's sponsored a major study on the historical performance of commodity futures by professors Gary Gorton and K. Geert Rouwenhorst. AIGFP created a specialized credit business. AIGFP focused its business on structured products like CDO's. In 2003, it absorbed subsidiary, AIG Trading Group (AIG-TG) which dealt primarily in over the counter derivatives and created the Dow Jones-AIG Commodity Index (DJ-AIGCI) from their offices in Greenwich, CT. At that point, the Market and Credit Risk management groups were reduced in size. The DJ-AIGCI is a leading commodity benchmark composed of 19 futures contracts on physical commodities. As of the end of June 2007, there was an estimated $38 billion invested in financial products that track the DJ-AIGCI on a global basis.
From 1987 to 2004, AIGFP contributed over $5 billion to AIG’s pre-tax income. During that period, AIG's market capitalization increased from $11 billion to $181 billion, and its stock price increased from $4.50 per share to $62.34 per share.
Crisis of 2008.
AIGFP's trading in credit derivatives led to enormous losses. These losses at AIGFP division essentially bankrupted the entire AIG operation, and forced the United States government to bail out the insurer. Under CEO Edward Liddy, the decision was made to unwind AIG Financial Product's entire book of business. Gerry Pasciucco, a vice chairman at Morgan Stanley, who was not involved with AIG FP when it made its catastrophic bets, was selected to manage the unwinding of the portfolio in October 2008, after the company had effectively failed and been taken over by the Federal Reserve.
The story of AIGFP losses is substantially profiled in the book "The Big Short" by Michael Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="19760088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760088" title="He's All I've Got">
He's All I've Got

"He's All I've Got" is the fourth studio album by Love Unlimited.

</doc>
<doc id="19760097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760097" title="A431">
A431

A431 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19760103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760103" title="Isabelle Dinoire">
Isabelle Dinoire

Isabelle Dinoire, born 1967, was the first person to undergo a partial face transplant, after her Labrador retriever mauled her in May 2005.
Personal life.
Dinoire lives in Valenciennes, northern France, and she is the mother of two children.
According to "The Australian", she has signed a contract with British documentary maker Michael Hughes.
Mutilation incident.
Dinoire's dog "chewed her face after she passed out from an overdose of sleeping pills." Some reports following the initial surgery claim that her daughter said that the black Labrador cross (named Tania) was "frantically" trying to wake Dinoire after she took sleeping pills in a suicide attempt, and Dinoire wrote about her suicidal feelings in her own memoir. The hospital denied this. In a statement made on 6 February 2006, Dinoire said that "after a very upsetting week, with many personal problems, I took some pills to forget ... I fainted and fell on the ground, hitting a piece of furniture."
Dinoire's daughter reported that the family is sure that the dog, which was ordered to be euthanized, mutilated Dinoire by accident. They believe that the damage was caused when the dog, finding Dinoire wouldn't wake up, got more and more frantic, and began scratching and clawing her. Dinoire was "heartbroken" when Tania was forced to be euthanized and kept a picture of the Labrador by her hospital bed; she later bought another dog to aid in her recovery after surgery.
Dinoire's injuries affected her nose, lips, chin, and cheeks. She wore a surgical mask to cover the injuries on the lower part of her face, as the upper face was not affected.
Doctors and the media debated whether the donor and/or the recipient had attempted suicide, with reports stating that the donor had hanged herself. The family of the donor told the funeral director who handled the donor's death that the donor had an accidental death. Local French newspapers stated that Dinoire's daughter said that the mother attempted to commit suicide. Dubernard said that the recipient did not try to kill herself. Olivier Jardé, an orthopedic surgeon from Amiens and a member of the French National Assembly, said that both the donor and the recipient attempted suicide. "The Sunday Times", a British newspaper, stated that Dinoire said via a telephone interview that she tried to commit suicide. In her 2007 memoir, Dinoire stated that the donor had killed herself, which "gave Dinoire a feeling of sisterhood" with the donor.
Partial face transplant.
The first partial face transplant surgery on a living human was performed on Dinoire on 27 November 2005 by Professor Bernard Devauchelle, assisted by Professor Jean-Michel Dubernard at the Centre hospitalier Universitaire Nord in Amiens, France. A triangle of face tissue, including the nose and mouth, was taken from a brain-dead female donor and grafted onto the patient. "Scientists elsewhere have performed scalp and ear transplants. However, the claim is the first for a mouth and nose transplant. Experts say the mouth and nose are the most difficult parts of the face to transplant." Dinoire was also given bone marrow cells to prevent rejection of the tissue. Exactly one year following the partial face transplant, Dinoire stated she had the ability to smile again. On 28 November 2006, Dinoire's surgeon, Bernard Devauchelle, said that over the past year Dinoire’s scars had become far less prominent.
There has been a change in her appearance. Her original face had a wide, tilted nose, a prominent chin and thin lips. The donated face has given her a straight and narrow nose, a smaller chin and a fuller mouth. In 2008, Dinoire admitted in an interview that she sometimes struggles to accept the appearance of her transplanted face, as she had expected it to look more like her own, saying: "It takes an awful lot of time to get used to someone else's face." In the same interview, she reported that full sensitivity had returned to her face.
The Associated Press released a picture of Dinoire on 28 November 2006, one year after the operation. The French newspaper "Le Monde"'s website explained on 2 December 2006 that the Associated Press had eliminated the picture, because "The hair of Isabelle Dinoire and the background of this image were manipulated by the source."
For the two-year anniversary, her doctors published an article in the "New England Journal of Medicine" detailing her operation and recovery. Complications have included kidney failure and two episodes of tissue rejection (one after one month and one after one year), which have been suppressed by drugs. Dinoire will have to take the drugs for the rest of her life. A Boston doctor said if she stopped taking drugs, her scenario would be a "disaster", with the new face sloughing off over time. Part of her pre-operative screening included psychological evaluations to ensure she would be capable of maintaining her treatment regimen and also could accept and withstand the effects of having a dead person's face grafted onto her own.

</doc>
<doc id="19760113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760113" title="George Oldner">
George Oldner

George Oldner (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches for London Cricket Club during the 1730s.
Career.
In June 1736, George Oldner and Wakeland played in a single wicket match for London against two "famous" Richmond players who are "esteemed the best two in England". 
As Oldner had established his reputation by 1736, he must have been active for some years previously and his career probably began in the 1720s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports and there are no other references to Oldner.

</doc>
<doc id="19760119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760119" title="San Lorenzo, Chihuahua">
San Lorenzo, Chihuahua

San Lorenzo is a village and seat of the municipality of Dr. Belisario Domínguez, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 308. 

</doc>
<doc id="19760125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760125" title="Blackbox planning system">
Blackbox planning system

In artificial intelligence and automated planning and scheduling, the Blackbox planning system is a planning system which unites SAT-based and Graph-based planning. It was developed by Henry Kautz and Bart Selman.

</doc>
<doc id="19760133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760133" title="White Fang (TV series)">
White Fang (TV series)

White Fang was a 1993 television series loosely based on a novel by Jack London. During its single season (1993–94) 26 episodes were produced. It tells the story of young Matt Scott who adopts a wolf/dog named Fang who continually saves him from bad situations.
Cast.
Main characters:
Recurring characters:
DVD releases.
Echo Bridge Home Entertainment has released the entire series on DVD in Region 1 (US only) on the defunct Platinum Disc Corp. label. It was initially released in three volume sets in 2002. On December 7, 2004, they re-packaged all 3 volumes in one 3-disc set entitled "White Fang". In July 2008 they were bundled together again to create "White Fang: The Complete Series", a tin box-set.
On August 17, 2010, Alliance Home Entertainment released "White Fang: The Complete Series" on DVD in Canada only. The 3-disc set features all 26 episodes of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19760186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760186" title="Marty Adelstein">
Marty Adelstein

Marty Adelstein is an American television producer. Before becoming a producer, he was a partner at the Endeavor Talent Agency, where he was one of the founding members.
Years as an agent.
Adelstein has represented writer David E. Kelley for over 20 years. He discovered Kelley after he read his script called "From the Hip" and brought him to Los Angeles to work on his first show "LA Law". He also discovered Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson while representing the WWE. Adelstein booked him to host Saturday Night Live and the show received the highest rating in 10 years. He was subsequently put in the film The Mummy Returns where he received 5 million dollars for 5 minutes of screen time as 'The Scorpion King'. He also brought actress/writer Tina Fey to the agency as well as writers Bonnie and Terry Turner who went on to create 3rd Rock from the Sun and That 70's Show.
Years as a producer.
Adelstein has produced many television movies and has worked as an executive producer on "Tru Calling" and "Point Pleasant". He was an executive producer on "Prison Break" for the duration of its 4 seasons since the series' pilot.
Current projects.
Producing a pilot for FBC called Cop House a comedy written by Adam Resnick and directed by Brett Ratner.
Adelstein is executive producing the MTV series "Teen Wolf" alongside Jeff Davis and Rene Echevarria.

</doc>
<doc id="19760187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760187" title="Dan Clark">
Dan Clark

Daniel Gregory "Dan" Clark (born 3 July 1976) is an English actor, comedian, writer, and director. He is best known for playing Don Danbury on the BBC Three sitcom "How Not to Live Your Life", which he also wrote, co-produced, and directed various episodes of. He has been a regular on the British comedy scene as both a sketch and stand-up comedian.
Comedy career.
Clark started his career in comedy at the age of Nineteen by taking a play he co-wrote and starred in, with old school friend Oliver Maltman, to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. In the years that followed Clark formed a comedy trio called Electric Eel and the three men performed at the Edinburgh Festival in 1998 and 1999. Also in 1999 they made a pilot for C4's Comedy Lab series, called Roy Dance is Dead, and the following year a full series was commissioned. In February 2002 the sitcom, retitled The Estate Agents, was broadcast. Electric Eel followed the series with a UK tour and another Edinburgh Festival run. In 2003 Clark took his first ever one-man show to Edinburgh. "57 Minutes" was a mix of monologues and sketches. The following year he began a career in stand up. He took a full hour show to the Edinburgh Festival in 2005, 2006 and 2007. He also began his legendary monthly comedy night, Clark's, which he would host and curate. In the summer of 2006 Clark wrote and performed in a series of shorts for the Paramount Comedy Channel (now Comedy Central UK) called Dan Clark's Guide to Dating. That was followed by another series called Dan Clark's Guide to Working. The shorts were broadcast between main TV shows on the channel but were subsequently put online and gathered huge numbers of views on YouTube.
How Not To Live Your Life (BBC TV Series).
After the success of the "Dan Clark's Guide To..." series, there was interest from the BBC to develop the format. Clark and his producer, Gary Reich, shot a pilot in the summer of 2007 called How Not To Live Your Life. It combined a traditional sitcom narrative with the quick fire "what not to do" lists from the Paramount shorts. A full series was commissioned and went out in August 2008. It started with modest viewing figures but it grew over the course of 3 seasons, doubling its viewing figures each series. It became a cult hit with the third series getting viewing figures of 1.4 million across the weeks repeats. And it was regularly the second most watched show on the BBC's iPlayer. In 2011 BBC3 controller Danny Cohen left the channel to go to BBC1. New controller Zai Bennet cancelled many of the comedies on the channel including How Not To Live Your Life. He did, however, commission a Christmas Special, allowing Clark and co to wrap up the series and give the fans a conclusion to the love story which had developed over the three seasons. Clark solely wrote every episode of the show (21 episodes in total), co-produced all three seasons and directed various episodes of the first series.
Other Television Work.
As well as playing the character of Don Danbury in the BBC Three series "How Not to Live Your Life", which he wrote and starred in, Clark has various TV credits to his name. His first television appearance was in a December 1996 episode of "Only Fools and Horses".
In 1999, Clark wrote and appeared in an episode of the second series of "Comedy Lab" on Channel Four entitled "Roy Dance Is Dead", which aired on 16 September 1999. He appeared as the character Jerry Zachery. From that he co-wrote the comedy series "The Estate Agents", which aired on Channel Four in 2002. He again appeared as the character Jerry Zachery. In 2003, he appeared in the British sitcom "Mad About Alice" as Jason.
In 2004, he appeared as "Johnny Two Hats" in an episode entitled "Electro" of the first series of the comedy television show "The Mighty Boosh". The same year he had guest appearances in "French & Saunders" and in the 2005 Christmas special, "My Family".
In 2006, Clark appeared in the ITV comedy drama series "The Complete Guide to Parenting". In 2008 Clark played the character Astroburn in an episode of the ITV2 sitcom No Heroics, a show written and created by Clark's "How Not To Live Your Life" script editor Drew Pearce. Clark performed alongside fellow comedian Noel Fielding again in the E4 series Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy in 2012.
On 28 March 2013 Clark starred in the comedy "30 & Counting" as part of Sky Living's "Love Matters" series. The show, about three recently single friends, also featured comedian Brett Goldstein and reunited Clark with one of his old "HNTLYL" co-stars, Daniel Lawrence Taylor.
Stand-Up and Other Live Work.
On 25 March 2011, Clark began his first full national tour with a stand-up show entitled "Dan Clark Live!" The show received generally good reviews. The newspaper "The Guardian" said "Clark is that of a rare combination − a great gagsmith and actor, and the result is a stand-up show that is both strong on jokes and drama". The newspaper "The Metro" also praised Clark's show, stating "Uninterrupted comic ecstasy", giving it four out of a possible five stars.
In May 2012 Clark put together a band and performed the show "These Songs May Contain Jokes" at London's Soho Theatre for a week. It was a mix of comedy songs and stand-up. The show was a huge success and led to Clark taking the show on the road for a mini-tour of 8 dates across England and Wales.
Clark's.
In 2006 Clark set up a monthly comedy night called, Clark's. He was the host and curated every show. It became a firm favourite among audiences and comics alike. A place where comedians would try out new ideas, it would often play host to some huge TV names, wanting to experiment. Its original home, between 2006−2009, was at the Lowdown at The Albany, a fringe venue below The Albany pub on Great Portland Street. In 2009, it moved to London's famous music venue The 100 Club on Oxford Street. It will be revived for three nights in July 2013 at London's Soho Theatre. Among the many names that played there were Eddie Izzard, Noel Fielding, Jack Whitehall, Stephen Merchant, Cardinal Burns, Tim Key, Rich Fulcher, Oram & Meeten, Alice Lowe, Sarah Pascoe, Paul Foot, Tony Law, Arnab Chanda, Sarah Kendall to name a few. "Time Out" magazine said of the show: "One of the coolest nights in London is Clark’s. Hosted by the utterly charming Dan Clark and is home to a lot of the new wave of young, offbeat, erudite comedians".
"Dan Clark & The Difficult Three".
In the summer and autumn of 2012 Clark recorded his debut comedy rock album. The band is made up of professional musicians Ben Parker, Johnny de'Ath and Jimmy Sims. The album, simply titled "Dan Clark & The Difficult Three" will be released on 1 July 2013 via Absolute Records after a 3 month Pledge Music campaign (the crowd funding website).
Dan Clark's Pledge Page

</doc>
<doc id="19760200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760200" title="Acid orange 7">
Acid orange 7

Acid orange 7, also known as 2-naphthol orange and Orange II, is a dye.

</doc>
<doc id="19760221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760221" title="Communauté d'agglomération de la Région Dieppoise">
Communauté d'agglomération de la Région Dieppoise

The Communauté d'agglomération de la région Dieppoise, also known as Dieppe Maritime was created on January 1, 2003 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France. 
Participants.
The communauté d'agglomération comprises the following 16 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19760224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760224" title="Penetrations from the Lost World">
Penetrations from the Lost World

Penetrations from the Lost World is the debut EP by Swedish melodic death metal band Dimension Zero.
It was re-issued in 2003 with bonus tracks.
Note.
Tracks 5-6 recorded in November 2001.
Tracks 7-11 recorded live in Osaka, Nagoya and Tokyo, Japan in May 2002.
Line-up.
Dimension Zero

</doc>
<doc id="19760229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760229" title="The Velvet Underground">
The Velvet Underground

The Velvet Underground was an American rock band, active between 1964 and 1973, formed in New York City by Lou Reed and John Cale, who both went on to find success as solo artists.
Although experiencing little commercial success while together, the band is often cited by many critics as one of the most important and influential groups of the 1960s. In a 1982 interview Brian Eno made the often repeated statement that while the first Velvet Underground album may have sold only 30,000 copies in its early years, "everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band."
Andy Warhol managed the Velvet Underground and it was the house band at his studio, the Factory, and his Exploding Plastic Inevitable events. The provocative lyrics of some of the band's songs gave a nihilistic outlook to some of their music.
Their 1967 debut album, "The Velvet Underground & Nico" (which featured German singer Nico, with whom the band collaborated), was named the 13th "Greatest Album of All Time", and the "most prophetic rock album ever made" by "Rolling Stone" in 2003. In 2004, "Rolling Stone" ranked the band No. 19 on its list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time". The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996, by Patti Smith.
History.
Pre-career (1964–1965).
The foundations for what would become the Velvet Underground were laid in late 1964. Singer/guitarist Lou Reed had performed with a few short-lived garage bands and had worked as a songwriter for Pickwick Records (Reed described his tenure there as being "a poor man's Carole King"). Reed met John Cale, a Welshman who had moved to the United States to study classical music upon securing a scholarship. Cale had worked with experimental composers Cornelius Cardew and La Monte Young but was also interested in rock music. Young's use of extended drones would be a profound influence on the band's early sound. Cale was pleasantly surprised to discover that Reed's experimentalist tendencies were similar to his own: Reed sometimes used alternative guitar tunings to create a droning sound. The pair rehearsed and performed together; their partnership and shared interests built the path towards what would later become the Velvet Underground.
Reed's first group with Cale was The Primitives, a short-lived group assembled to issue budget-priced recordings and support an anti-dance single penned by Reed, "The Ostrich", to which Cale added a viola passage. Reed and Cale recruited Sterling Morrison—a college classmate of Reed's at Syracuse University—as a replacement for Walter De Maria, who had been a third member of The Primitives. Morrison played the guitar, and Angus MacLise joined on percussion to complete the four-member unit. This quartet was first called The Warlocks, then The Falling Spikes.
"The Velvet Underground" by Michael Leigh was a contemporary mass market paperback about the secret sexual subculture of the early 1960s that Cale's friend Tony Conrad showed the group. MacLise made a suggestion to adopt the title as the band's name. According to Reed and Morrison, the group liked the name, considering it evocative of "underground cinema", and fitting, as Reed had already written "Venus in Furs", a song inspired by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch's book of the same name, which dealt with masochism. The band immediately and unanimously adopted the Velvet Underground as its new name in November 1965.
Early stages (1965–1966).
The newly named Velvet Underground rehearsed and performed in New York City. Their music was generally much more relaxed than it would later become: Cale described this era as reminiscent of beat poetry, with MacLise playing gentle "pitter and patter rhythms behind the drone".
In July 1965, Reed, Cale and Morrison recorded a demo tape at their Ludlow Street loft. When he briefly returned to Britain, Cale attempted to give a copy of the tape to Marianne Faithfull, hoping she'd pass it on to Mick Jagger. Nothing ever came of the demo, but it was eventually released on the 1995 box set "Peel Slowly and See".
Manager and music journalist Al Aronowitz arranged for the group's first paying gig—$75 to play at Summit High School, in Summit, New Jersey, opening for The Myddle Class. When the group decided to take the gig, MacLise left the group, protesting what he considered a sellout. "Angus was in it for art", Morrison reported.
MacLise was replaced by Maureen "Mo" Tucker, the younger sister of Morrison's friend Jim Tucker. Tucker's abbreviated drum kit was rather unusual: she generally played on tom toms and an upturned bass drum, using mallets as often as drumsticks, and she rarely used cymbals. (The band having asked her to do something unusual, she turned her bass drum on its side and played standing up. When her drums were stolen from one club, she replaced them with garbage cans, brought in from outside.) Her rhythms, at once simple and exotic (influenced by the likes of Babatunde Olatunji and Bo Diddley records), became a vital part of the group's music. The group earned a regular paying gig at the Café Bizarre and gained an early reputation as a promising ensemble.
Andy Warhol and the Exploding Plastic Inevitable (1966–1967).
Andy Warhol became the band's manager in 1965 and suggested they feature the German-born singer Nico on several songs. Warhol's reputation helped the band gain a higher profile. Warhol helped the band secure a coveted recording contract with MGM's Verve Records, with himself as nominal "producer", and gave the Velvets free rein over the sound they created.
During their stay with Andy Warhol, the band became part of his multimedia roadshow, Exploding Plastic Inevitable, for which they provided the music. They played shows for several months in New York City, then traveled throughout the United States and Canada until its last installment in May 1967. The show included 16 mm film projections and colors by Warhol. Early promo posters referred to the group as the "erupting plastic inevitable". This soon changed to "the exploding plastic inevitable".
In 1966, MacLise temporarily rejoined the Velvet Underground for a few EPI shows when Reed was suffering from hepatitis and unable to perform. For these appearances, Cale sang and played organ and Tucker switched to bass guitar. Also at these appearances, the band often played an extended jam they had dubbed "Booker T", after musician Booker T. Jones; the jam later became the music for "The Gift" on "White Light/White Heat". Some of these performances have been released as a bootleg; they remain the only record of MacLise with the Velvet Underground.
In December 1966, Warhol and David Dalton designed Issue 3 of the multimedia "Aspen". Included in this issue of the "magazine", which retailed at $4 per copy and was packaged in a hinged box designed to look like Fab laundry detergent, were various leaflets and booklets, one of which was a commentary on rock and roll by Lou Reed, another an EPI promotional newspaper. Also enclosed was a 2-sided flexi disk, side one produced by Peter Walker, a musical associate of Timothy Leary, and side two titled "Loop", credited to the Velvet Underground but actually recorded by Cale alone. "Loop", a recording solely of pulsating audio feedback culminating in a locked groove, was "a precursor to [Reed's] "Metal Machine Music"", say Velvets archivists M.C. Kostek and Phil Milstein in the book, "The Velvet Underground Companion". "Loop" also predates much industrial music as well. More significantly, from a retail standpoint, "Loop" was the group's first commercially available recording as the Velvet Underground.
"The Velvet Underground & Nico" (1967).
At Warhol's insistence, Nico sang with the band on three songs of their debut album, "The Velvet Underground & Nico". The album was recorded primarily in Scepter Studios in New York City during April 1966. (Some songs were re-recorded, along with the new song "Sunday Morning", later in the year with Tom Wilson producing). It was released by Verve Records in March 1967.
The album cover is famous for its Warhol design: a yellow banana sticker with "Peel slowly and see" printed near the tip. Those who did remove the banana skin found a pink, peeled banana beneath.
Eleven songs showcased their dynamic range, veering from the pounding attacks of "I'm Waiting for the Man" and "Run Run Run", the droning "Venus in Furs" and "Heroin", the chiming and celestial "Sunday Morning" to the quiet "Femme Fatale" and the tender "I'll Be Your Mirror", as well as Warhol's own favorite song of the group, "All Tomorrow's Parties". Kurt Loder would later describe "All Tomorrow's Parties" as a "mesmerizing gothic-rock masterpiece".
The overall sound was propelled by Reed and Nico's deadpan vocals, Cale's droning viola, Morrison's often rhythm and blues– or country-influenced guitar, and Tucker's simple but steady beat. Another distinct feature on many songs was the "drone strum", an eighth-note rhythm guitar style used by Reed.
The album was released on March 12, 1967, peaking at No. 171 on "Billboard" magazine's Top 200 charts. The promising commercial debut of the album was dampened somewhat by legal complications: the album's back cover featured a photo of the group playing live with another image projected behind them; the projected image was a still of actor Eric Emerson from a Warhol motion picture, "Chelsea Girls". Emerson had been arrested for drug possession and, desperate for money, claimed the still had been included on the album without his permission (in the image, his face appears quite big, but upside down). MGM Records pulled all copies of the album until the legal problems were settled (by which time the record had lost its modest commercial momentum), and the still was airbrushed out.
"White Light/White Heat" (1968).
Nico moved on after the band severed its relationship with Andy Warhol. In September 1967, the Velvet Underground began recording their second album, "White Light/White Heat", with Tom Wilson as producer.
The Velvet Underground performed live often, and their performances became louder, harsher and often featured extended improvisations. Cale reports that at about this time the Velvet Underground was one of the first groups to receive an endorsement from Vox. The company pioneered special effects, which the Velvet Underground utilized on the album.
Sterling Morrison offered the following input regarding the recording:
There was fantastic leakage 'cause everyone was playing so loud and we had so much electronic junk with us in the studio—all these fuzzers and compressors. Gary Kellgren, who is ultra-competent, told us repeatedly: "You can't do it—all the needles are on red." and we reacted as we always reacted: "Look, we don't know what goes on in there and we don't want to hear about it. Just do the best you can." And so the album is fuzzy, there's all that white noise...we wanted to do something electronic and energetic. We had the energy and the electronics, but we didn't know it couldn't be recorded...what we were trying to do was really fry the tracks.
The recording was raw and oversaturated. Cale has stated that while the debut had some moments of fragility and beauty, "White Light/White Heat" was "consciously anti-beauty." The title track sets a harsh opening, featuring bassist John Cale pounding on the piano in a style akin to Jerry Lee Lewis. It was later included in the repertoire of David Bowie. Despite the dominance of noisefests like "Sister Ray" and "I Heard Her Call My Name", there was room for the darkly comic "The Gift", a short story written by Reed and narrated by Cale in his deadpan Welsh accent. The meditative "Here She Comes Now" was later covered by Galaxie 500, Cabaret Voltaire, and Nirvana, among others.
The album was released on January 30, 1968, entering the "Billboard" Top 200 chart for two weeks, at number 199.
Tensions were growing: the group was tired of receiving little recognition for its work, and Reed and Cale were pulling the Velvet Underground in different directions. The differences showed in the last recording sessions the band had with John Cale in 1968: three pop-like songs in Reed's direction ("Temptation Inside Your Heart", "Stephanie Says" and "Beginning to See the Light") and a viola-driven drone in Cale's direction ("Hey Mr. Rain"). Further, some songs the band had performed with Cale in concert, or that he had co-written, were not recorded until after he had left the group (such as "Walk It and Talk It", "Ride into the Sun", and "Countess from Hong Kong").
"The Velvet Underground" (1969).
Before work on their third album started, Cale was eased out of the band and was replaced by Doug Yule of Boston group the Grass Menagerie, who had been a close associate of the band. "The Velvet Underground" was recorded in late 1968 (released in March 1969). The cover photograph was taken by Billy Name. The LP sleeve was designed by Dick Smith, then a staff artist at MGM/Verve. Released on March 12, 1969, the album failed to make "Billboard"'s Top 200 album chart.
It has often been reported that before Cale's departure there was a struggle between his creative impulses and Reed's: Cale's experimentalist tendencies had contrasted with Reed's more conventional approach. According to Tim Mitchell, however, Morrison reported that though there was creative tension between Reed and Cale its impact has been exaggerated over the years.
The harsh, abrasive tendencies on the first two records were almost entirely absent on their third album. This resulted in a gentler sound influenced by folk music, prescient of the songwriting style that would form Reed's solo career. Another factor in the change of sound was the band's Vox amplifiers and assorted fuzzboxes being stolen from an airport while they were on tour. In addition, Reed and Morrison had purchased matching Fender 12-string electric guitars. Doug Yule plays down the influence of the new equipment, however.
Morrison's ringing guitar parts and Yule's melodic bass guitar and harmony vocals are featured prominently on the album. Reed's songs and singing are subdued and confessional, and he shared lead vocals with Yule, particularly when his own voice would fail under stress. Doug Yule sang the lead vocal on "Candy Says" (about the Warhol superstar Candy Darling), which opens the LP, and a rare Maureen Tucker vocal is featured on "After Hours", which closes the album. It is a song that Reed said was so innocent and pure he could not sing it himself. The album's influence can be heard in many later indie rock and lo-fi recordings.
Year on the road and the "lost" fourth album (1969).
The Velvet Underground spent much of 1969 on the road, feeling they were not accepted in their hometown of New York City and not making much headway commercially. The live album "" was recorded in October 1969 but not released until 1974, on Mercury Records at the urging of rock critic Paul Nelson, who worked in A&R for Mercury at the time. Nelson asked singer-songwriter Elliott Murphy to write liner notes for the double album which began, "I wish it was a hundred years from today..."
During 1969, the band recorded on and off in the studio, creating a lot of material that was never officially released due to disputes with their record label. What many consider the prime of these sessions was released many years later as "VU". This album has a transitional sound between the whisper-soft third album and the pop-rock songs of their final record, "Loaded".
The rest of the recordings, as well as some alternate takes, were bundled on "Another View". After Reed's departure, he later reworked a number of these songs for his solo records ("Stephanie Says", "Ocean", "I Can't Stand It", "Lisa Says", "She's My Best Friend").
"Loaded" (1970).
By 1969 the MGM and Verve record labels had been losing money for several years. A new president, Mike Curb, was hired. Curb decided to purge the labels of their many controversial and unprofitable acts. The drug or hippie-related bands were released from MGM, and the Velvets were on his list, along with Eric Burdon and the Animals and Frank Zappa's Mothers of Invention. Nonetheless MGM insisted on retaining ownership of all master tapes of their recordings.
Atlantic Records signed the Velvet Underground for what would be its final studio album with Lou Reed: "Loaded", released on Atlantic's subsidiary label Cotillion. The album's title refers to Atlantic's request that the band produce an album "loaded with hits". Though the record was not the smash hit the company had anticipated, it contains the most accessible pop the VU had performed, and several of Reed's best-known songs, including "Sweet Jane" and "Rock and Roll."
Although Tucker had temporarily retired from the group due to her pregnancy, she received a performance credit on "Loaded". The drums were played by several people, including Doug Yule, engineer Adrian Barber, session musician Tommy Castanaro, and Yule's brother Billy, who was still in high school at the time.
Disillusioned with the lack of progress the band was making and pressured by manager Steve Sesnick, Reed decided to quit the band in August 1970. The band essentially dissolved while recording the album, and Reed walked off just before it was finished. Lou Reed has often said he was completely surprised when he saw "Loaded" in stores. He also said, "I left them to their album full of hits that I made".
Reed was perturbed about a verse being edited from the "Loaded" version of "Sweet Jane". "New Age" was changed as well: as originally recorded, its closing line ("It's the beginning of a new age") was repeated many more times. A brief interlude in "Rock and Roll" was also removed. (For the 1995 box set "Peel Slowly and See", the album was presented as Reed intended; the "Fully Loaded" two-disc edition also features the full versions of "Sweet Jane" and "New Age".) On the other hand, Yule has pointed out that the album was to all intents and purposes finished when Reed left the band and that Reed had been aware of most, if not all, of the edits.
The Doug Yule years (1970–1973).
With manager Steve Sesnick looking to fill bookings, the band, featuring Walter Powers on bass, Maureen Tucker on drums, with Doug Yule taking over lead vocals and guitar, went on the road once more, playing the U.S. East Coast and Europe. Sterling Morrison had obtained a B.A. degree in English, and left the group in August 1971 to pursue a Ph.D. in medieval literature at the University of Texas at Austin. His replacement was singer/keyboard player Willie Alexander. The band played shows in England, Wales, and the Netherlands, some of which are collected on the 2001 box set "Final V.U."
In 1972 Atlantic released "Live at Max's Kansas City", a live bootleg of the Velvet Underground's final performance with Reed, (also featuring Doug Yule, Morrison, and Billy Yule) recorded by fan Brigid Polk on August 23, 1970. Meanwhile, the Doug Yule-fronted version of the band was touring the United Kingdom when Sesnick managed to secure a recording contract with Polydor Records in England. He then allegedly sent Tucker, Powers and Alexander back to the US (effectively ending their tenures with the group) while Yule recorded the album "Squeeze" under the Velvet Underground name virtually by himself, with only the assistance of Deep Purple drummer Ian Paice and a few other session musicians.
Prior to the release of "Squeeze", a new Velvet Underground lineup was assembled to tour the UK to promote the upcoming album. This version of the Velvet Underground consisted of Yule, Rob Norris on guitar, George Kay (Krzyzewski), bass guitar, and Mark Nauseef, drums. Sesnick left the band shortly before the tour started, and Yule left when the brief tour ended in December 1972.
"Squeeze" was released a few months later in February 1973, in Europe only. The album is generally held in low regard by fans and critics: Stephen Thomas Erlewine notes that the album received "uniformly terrible reviews" upon initial release, and was often "deleted" from official V.U. discographies. When asked about "Squeeze", Yule hinted that band manager Steve Sesnick orchestrated the album purely as a money ploy. "Sesnick dumped the second iteration of the band in England with no money and no equipment and just left us there to find our way back. He gave me 6 copies of Squeeze as pay. I never got any money. When you sign with ASCAP or BMI you get an advance. He not only made an arrangement with them but actually signed me and took the money."
Post-VU developments (1972–1990).
Reed, Cale and Nico teamed up at the beginning of 1972 to play a concert in Paris at the Bataclan club. This concert was bootlegged, and finally received an official release as "Le Bataclan '72" in 2003.
Before that, Cale and Nico had developed solo careers. Nico had also begun a solo career with Cale producing a majority of her albums. Reed started his solo career in 1972 after a brief sabbatical. Sterling Morrison was a professor for some time, teaching Medieval Literature at the University of Texas at Austin, then became a tugboat captain in Houston for several years. Maureen Tucker raised a family before returning to small-scale gigging and recording in the 1980s; Morrison was in several touring bands, including Tucker's band.
Although Yule had theoretically put an end to the Velvet Underground in late 1972, in early 1973 a band featuring him, Billy Yule on drums, Kay on bass and Don Silverman, guitar (he later changed his name to Noor Khan), played the New England bar circuit, and was billed as "The Velvet Underground" by the tour's manager. The band members objected to the billing, and in late May 1973, the band and the tour manager parted ways. Yule subsequently toured with Lou Reed and played on the latter's "Sally Can't Dance" album, became a member of American Flyer, then dropped out of the music industry altogether before reappearing in the early 2000s.
In 1985 Polydor released the album "VU", which collected unreleased recordings that might have constituted the band's fourth album for MGM in 1969 but had never been released. Some of the songs had been recorded when Cale was still in the band. More unreleased recordings of the band, some of them demos and unfinished tracks, were released in 1986 as "Another View".
On July 18, 1988, Nico died of a cerebral hemorrhage following a bicycle accident.
Czech dissident playwright Václav Havel was a fan of the Velvet Underground, ultimately becoming a friend of Lou Reed. Though some attribute the name of the 1989 "Velvet Revolution", which ended more than 40 years of Communist rule in Czechoslovakia, to the band, Reed pointed out that the name "Velvet Revolution" derives from its peaceful nature—that no one was "actually hurt" during those events. Reed has also given at least one radio interview where he stated that it was called the Velvet Revolution because all of the dissidents were listening to the Velvet Underground leading up to the overthrow, and this music was an inspiration for the events that followed. After Havel's election as president, first of Czechoslovakia and then the Czech Republic, Reed visited him in Prague. On September 16, 1998, at Havel's request, Reed performed in the White House at a state dinner in Havel's honor hosted by President Bill Clinton.
Reunions (1990–1996).
In 1990, Reed and Cale released "Songs for Drella", dedicated to Andy Warhol who had recently died. ("Drella" was a nickname Warhol had been given, a combination of "Dracula" and "Cinderella".) Though Morrison and Tucker had each worked with Reed and Cale since the V.U. broke up, "Songs for Drella" was the first time the pair had worked together in decades, and rumors of a reunion began to circulate, fueled by the one-off appearance by Reed, Cale, Morrison and Tucker to play "Heroin" as the encore to a brief "Songs for Drella" set in Jouy-en-Josas, France. Lou Reed and Sterling Morrison also joined John Cale for an encore at his show at New York University on December 5,1992.
The Reed–Cale–Morrison–Tucker lineup officially reunited as "The Velvet Underground" in 1992, commencing activities with a European tour beginning in Edinburgh on June 1, 1993, and featuring a performance at Glastonbury which garnered an "NME" front cover. Cale sang most of the songs Nico had originally performed. As well as headlining (with Luna as the opening act), the Velvets performed as supporting act for five dates of U2's Zoo TV Tour. With the success of the Velvet Underground's European reunion tour, a series of US tour dates were proposed, as was an "MTV Unplugged" broadcast, and possibly even some new studio recordings. Before any of this could come to fruition, Cale and Reed fell out again, breaking up the band once more.
On August 30, 1995, Sterling Morrison died of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma after returning to his hometown of Poughkeepsie, New York, at age 53. When the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996, Reed, Tucker, and Cale reformed the Velvet Underground for the last time. Doug Yule was absent. At the ceremony, the band was inducted by Patti Smith, and the trio performed "Last Night I Said Goodbye to My Friend", written in tribute to Morrison.
In December 2009, to commemorate the 45th anniversary of the band's formation, Reed, Tucker and Yule (with Cale not present) gave a rare interview at the New York Public Library.
The Velvet Underground continues to exist as a New York–based partnership managing the financial and back catalog aspects for the band members. In January 2012, the surviving members of the band initiated legal action against the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts over unauthorised use of the debut album's banana design.
On October 27, 2013, Lou Reed died at his home in Southampton, New York, aged 71. He had undergone a liver transplant earlier in the year. John Cale responded to Reed's passing by saying "The world has lost a fine songwriter and poet…I've lost my 'school-yard buddy'".
Legacy.
The Velvet Underground have been considered among the most influential bands in rock history. Their legacy has stretched into alternative and experimental rock. Their first four albums were included in "Rolling Stone"'s list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. They were ranked the 19th greatest artist by the same magazine and the 24th greatest artist in a poll by VH1. In 1996 they were inducted into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19760257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760257" title="In Heat (Love Unlimited album)">
In Heat (Love Unlimited album)

In Heat is the third studio album by Love Unlimited. Released in 1974, the album charted at number 15 on the Soul Albums chart. The single, "I Belong To You", was a number-one hit on the Soul Singles chart in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19760269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760269" title="Témoris">
Témoris

Témoris is a town and seat of the municipality of Guazapares, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 1,639.

</doc>
<doc id="19760280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760280" title="Tropaeolin">
Tropaeolin

Tropaeolin is a name given to several dyes:

</doc>
<doc id="19760296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760296" title="List of White Fang episodes">
List of White Fang episodes

This is a list of episodes from the 1993 series "White Fang"'. The show lasted for one season, producing 26 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="19760316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760316" title="Armin Meiwes">
Armin Meiwes

Armin Meiwes (; born 1 December 1961) is a German man who achieved international notoriety for killing and eating a voluntary victim whom he had found via the Internet. After Meiwes and the victim jointly attempted to eat the victim's severed penis, Meiwes killed his victim and proceeded to eat a large amount of his flesh. Because of his acts, Meiwes is also known as the Rotenburg Cannibal or (The Master Butcher). His main occupation was working as a computer repair technician.
Killing and cannibalism.
Looking for a willing volunteer, Meiwes posted an advertisement on the website The Cannibal Cafe. The site did have a disclaimer mentioning the distinction between reality and fantasy. Meiwes's post stated that he was "looking for a well-built 18- to 30-year-old to be slaughtered and then consumed". Bernd Jürgen Armando Brandes, an engineer from Berlin, then answered the advertisement. Many other people responded to the advertisement, but backed out; Meiwes did not attempt to force them to do anything against their will.
As is known from a videotape the two made when they met on 9 March 2001 in Meiwes's home in the small town of Rotenburg, Meiwes amputated Brandes' penis and the two men attempted to eat the penis together before Brandes was killed. Brandes had insisted that Meiwes attempt to bite his penis off. This did not work and ultimately, Meiwes used a knife to remove Brandes' penis. Brandes apparently tried to eat some of his own penis raw, but could not because it was too tough and, as he put it, "chewy". Meiwes then fried the penis in a pan with salt, pepper, wine and garlic; he then fried it with some of Brandes' fat but by then it was too burned to be consumed. He then chopped it up into chunks and fed it to his dog.
According to court officials who saw the video (which has not been made public), Brandes may already have been too weakened from the blood loss to eat any of his penis. Meiwes read a "Star Trek" book for three hours, while Brandes lay bleeding in the bath. Meiwes gave him large quantities of alcohol and pain killers, twenty sleeping pills and a bottle of schnapps, kissed him and finally killed him in a room that he had built in his house for this purpose, the Slaughter Room. After stabbing Brandes to death in the throat, he hung the body on a meat hook and tore chunks of flesh from it. He tried to grind the bones to use as flour. The whole scene was recorded on the two-hour video tape. Meiwes ate the body over the next 10 months, storing body parts in his freezer under pizza boxes and consuming up to of the flesh. According to prosecutors, Meiwes committed the act for sexual enjoyment.
Arrest, trial, and conviction of manslaughter.
Meiwes was arrested in December 2002, when a college student in Innsbruck phoned the police after seeing new advertisements for victims and details about the killing on the Internet. Investigators searched his home and found body parts and the videotaped killing.
On 30 January 2004, Meiwes was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to eight years in prison. The case attracted considerable media attention and led to a debate over whether Meiwes could be convicted at all, given that Bernd Jürgen Armando Brandes had voluntarily and knowingly participated in the act.
Meiwes has admitted cannibalizing Brandes and has expressed regret for his actions. He added he wanted to write a book of his life story with the aim of deterring anyone who wants to follow his steps. Websites dedicated to Meiwes have appeared, with people advertising for willing victims. "They should go for treatment, so it doesn't escalate like it did with me", said Meiwes. While in prison, Meiwes has since become a vegetarian. He believes there are about 800 cannibals in Germany.
Retrial and murder conviction.
In April 2005, a German court ordered a retrial after prosecutors appealed against his sentence. They believed he should have been convicted of murder. Among the questions courts answered is whether Brandes agreed to his killing, and whether he was legally capable of doing so at the moment, taking into account his apparent mental problems as well as his significant intake of alcohol.
Other aspects of the retrial determined whether Meiwes killed to satiate his own desires (in particular sexual desires), and not because he was asked to, which Meiwes has repeatedly rejected during testimony. At his retrial, a psychologist stated that Meiwes could reoffend and still "had fantasies about devouring the flesh of young people". On 10 May 2006, a court in Frankfurt convicted Meiwes of murder and sentenced him to life imprisonment.
Consultant in criminal cases.
According to a Bild report from October 2007, Meiwes was helpful in the analysis of two suspected cannibal murders from 1998 and 2000, in which two young boys were found mutilated.
Cultural impact.
Rock musician Marilyn Manson has identified Meiwes as inspirational in the titling of his album "Eat Me, Drink Me".
The German industrial metal band Rammstein wrote a song called "Mein Teil", which specifically talks about this case, and was hugely controversial when it was released.
Swedish death metal band Bloodbath wrote a song called "Eaten", which voices Bernd Jürgen Armando Brandes' desire to be eaten alive, all while witnessing the act.
Short Film "An Appetite for Bernard Brady" (2005) directed by Chris Mangano and written by Todd van der Ark and Chris Mangano, was loosely based on on the case, but strictly takes the point of view from the victims perspective, as the character comes to terms with the idea of being eaten. The film was nominated and won multiple Tracy Awards at Montana Sate University School of Film and Photography's 2005 Tracy Awards -wins included Best Picture, Best Actor, Best Screenplay and Audience Award. The film also won the 2005 Seattle Student Film Festival's audience choice award. 
Feature film "" (aka "Rohtenburg") was banned in that country after Meiwes complained that his personality rights had been violated. The ban has since been lifted by Germany's highest civil court on appeal and has been released in German cinemas. The film won multiple awards at the 2006 Festival de Cine de Sitges, including Best Director, Best Actor for the two male leads, and Best Cinematography. Other films based on the case include Rosa von Praunheim's "Dein Herz in Meinem Hirn" (Your Heart in My Brain); Marian Dora's "Cannibal"; and Ulli Lommel's "Diary of a Cannibal". In 2006, the film "Cannibal" was released, reconstructing the event. The film is directed by Marian Dora and stars actors Carsten Frank, Victor Brandl and Manoush. The film was banned in Germany.
Season 2, Episode 3 of sitcom The IT Crowd, titled "Moss and the German," parodies the Meiwes case. The character Maurice Moss, thinking he is starting a German cookery course, goes to a Johann's home (a German cannibal), where the error is revealed, the fault lying with Johann's poor grasp of the English language when writing the 'cooking' advert. Later, when Moss tells the story to his colleagues, he also tells them of Johann's home cinema system, where he and Johann watched Ocean's Eleven after the mix-up was revealed. In an attempt to watch the Quentin Tarantino film he has been trying all episode to see, Roy pretends to want to be eaten and goes to the Johann's home with Moss. They are all arrested when the police raid Johann's home, but instead of being questioned for cannibalism, they are accused of video piracy.
In 2008 the distributor MORE Music and Media released the four-hour interview and documentary from RTL Extra on DVD as "Der Kannibale von Rotenburg"; it was released in the UK as Armin Meiwes: The Cannibal.
Season 1, Episode 4 of the TV series Rake titled "R V Murray" features an accused cannibal who eats his volunteer in similar circumstances to the Meiwes case.

</doc>
<doc id="19760323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760323" title="Vicente Guerrero, Chihuahua">
Vicente Guerrero, Chihuahua

Vicente Guerrero is a city and seat of the municipality of Guerrero, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 6,536. 

</doc>
<doc id="19760327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760327" title="Harry Shepherd">
Harry Shepherd

George "Harry" Shepherd (5 May 1903 – 17 May 1988) was an international speedway rider who has been credited with the invention of the starting gate still used in speedway today.
Brief career summary.
Born in London, England, Shepherd appeared in the finals of the 1931 Star Riders' Championship, the forerunner to the Speedway World Championship. 
His final season, 1939, saw Shepherd make his international debut for England.
In 1933 Shepherd, along with New Cross promoter Fred Mockford invented the starting gate which is still in use today, by stretching a set of tapes across the track which were then released by a hand operated electric mechanism, similar to those used in horse racing. This starting procedure allowed for much fairer starts.
Shepherd died in May 1988 at North Shore, Auckland, New Zealand. His final resting place is Leamington Cemetery in Cambridge, New Zealand. The ashes of Harry and his wife Anne . Are in the headstone of the grave of their daughter in law Joy Shepherd

</doc>
<doc id="19760351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760351" title="Alexander Munro (sculptor)">
Alexander Munro (sculptor)

Alexander Munro (26 October 1825 – 1 January 1871) was a British sculptor of the Pre-Raphaelite movement. He concentrated on portraiture and statues, but is best known for his Rossetti-influenced figure-group "Paolo and Francesca" (1852), which has often been identified as the epitome of Pre-Raphaelite sculpture.
Lionel Cust described his work as "sketchy and wanting in strength, but full of refinement and true feeling."
Life.
Son of a stonemason, his talents were supported by financial assistance from his father’s employer, the Duchess of Sutherland. From 1842 he assisted and trained in the Edinburgh studio of the sculptor Alexander Handyside Ritchie. He came to London in 1848 to study sculpture under Charles Barry. At this time he also worked as a mason on the new Palace of Westminster. He exhibited at the Royal Academy from 1849–70, and in the Great Exhibition of 1851. 
Munro was a close associate of Thomas Woolner, the only sculptor to be a member of the original Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood. He was also friendly with Dante Gabriel Rossetti. Munro is significant in the history of the movement since he is often cited as a contributor to the controversy over Pre-Raphaelitism in 1850, when he "leaked" the information that the group formed a secret brotherhood.
In 1854, with Thomas Woolner, Dante Gabriel Rossetti, Ford Madox Brown, Edward Burne-Jones, Lowes Cato Dickinson and John Ruskin, Munro began teaching at the newly established Working Men's College.
Munro's sculptures were noted for their formal simplicity. His most famous work was "Paolo and Francesca", which was exhibited at the 1851 exhibition. It depicted the lovers as languid, dreamy and genteel, contributing to the popular image of the Pre-Raphaelite movement. The final marble version is in Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery. The original plaster version of the sculpture is currently on display in Wallington Hall, which also contains a portrait relief bust of Pauline, Lady Trevelyan created by Munro.
He later created public sculptures in Berkeley Square and Hyde Park Corner, as well as several memorial statues. Six of the seventeen statues of scientists in the Oxford University Museum of Natural History are his work, all produced circa 1860.
Munro suffered from ill health, and was struck down by a lung disease which slowly undermined his constitution. In his last years he and his wife lived in Cannes, France for his health, and this is where he died on New Year's Day 1871.
Family.
Munro married one of the daughters of the journalist Robert Carruthers, editor of the "Inverness Courier". By her he had two sons, for one of whom John Ruskin was godfather. His son John Arthur Ruskin Munro, was later Rector of Lincoln College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19760363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760363" title="Matt Galante">
Matt Galante

Matthew Joseph Galante (born March 22, 1944 in Brooklyn, New York) is a former minor League baseball infielder and Major League coach and acting manager. The , Galante attended St. John's University and was selected as the 833rd and final pick of the 1966 Major League Baseball Draft by the New York Yankees.
Coaching career.
After his playing career ended, he spent several years as a minor league manager and scout. He was a Houston Astros coach from 1985 to 2001 with the exception of 1997, when he worked in the club's front office and then stepped in as manager of the AAA New Orleans Zephyrs when Steve Swisher resigned a few days into the season.
Matt Galante was acting manager of the Houston Astros for 27 games in 1999, when the manager Larry Dierker was sidelined for health reasons. He compiled a record of 13–14. He was a member of the New York Mets coaching staff from 2002 to 2004. He rejoined the Astros front office in 2005.
Galante also managed the Italian baseball team as a part of the 2006 World Baseball Classic. He is currently an Astros' scout

</doc>
<doc id="19760378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760378" title="Melody Street">
Melody Street

Melody Street is an early American television series, hosted by Elliot Lawrence, which aired on the DuMont Television Network. The program aired Fridays at 8:30pm ET from September 25, 1953 to February 5, 1954. Each episode was 30 minutes long. One guest star was guitarist Tony Mottola.
Criticism.
"Melody Street" was hampered by a small budget, even by 1950s standards. Later-day critics, such as Castleman and Podrazik (1982), have cited "Melody Street", among other DuMont series, as one of the reasons fewer and fewer viewers tuned in to the ailing DuMont Network. They stated "Melody Street" was, like several other DuMont programs during the 1953-1954 season, "doomed from the start by third-rate scripts and cheap production" and pointed out that the program "required the performers to lip-sync other people's records."
Episode status.
Two complete episodes, January 1, 1954 and another 1954 episode, of the show survive at the UCLA Film and Television Archive, along with an excerpt from another episode.

</doc>
<doc id="19760401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760401" title="Stromiec">
Stromiec

Stromiec is a village in Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stromiec. It lies approximately east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw. From 1975 to 1998 the village was in Radom Voivodeship. 
In 2006 the village had a population of 909.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19760414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760414" title="Qaraqosh Protection Committee">
Qaraqosh Protection Committee

The Qaraqosh Protection Committee (Baghdeda Protection Committee) is an armed militia formed by Assyrian Christians in the Ninawa Governorate of Iraq. The Committee formed in 2008, organized through local churches, and began manning checkpoints and working with the Iraqi police.
Persecution of Assyrians during the Iraq War.
Assyrians in post-Saddam Iraq have faced high rate of persecution by Fundamentalist Islamist since the beginning of the Iraq war. By early August 2004 this persecution included church bombings, and fundamentalist groups' enforcement of Muslim codes of behavior upon Christians, e.g., banning alcohol, forcing women to wear hijab. The violence against the community has led to the exodus of perhaps as much as half of the community. While Assyrians only made 5% of the total Iraqi population before the war, according to the United Nations, Assyrians comprise as much as 40% of the growing Iraqi refugees who are stranded in Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey.
The coordinator for the Qaraqosh Protection Committee, Sabah Behnem, said outside agendas — from the Sunnis of al-Qaida to the Shia in Iran — were behind the efforts to displace Iraqi Christians.
On Tuesday October 12, 2010, the Qaraqosh Protection Committee in coordination with the Kurdish Asayish Forces captured Ali Muhammad Idris Sadeq, a top Al-Qaeda leader, in the town of Qaraqosh (Baghdeda).

</doc>
<doc id="19760415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19760415" title="Ignacio Zaragoza, Chihuahua">
Ignacio Zaragoza, Chihuahua


</doc>
