<doc id="19544810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544810" title="Law of Bhutan">
Law of Bhutan

The law of Bhutan derives mainly from legislation and treaties. Prior to the enactment of the Constitution, laws were enacted by fiat of the King of Bhutan. The law of Bhutan originates in the semi-theocratic Tsa Yig legal code, and was heavily influenced through the twentieth century by English common law. As Bhutan democratizes, its government has examined many countries' legal systems and modeled its reforms after their laws.
The supreme law of Bhutan is the Constitution of 2008. Under the Constitution, laws are passed through a bicameral process requiring the assent of the National Assembly and National Council of Parliament, as well as the assent of the King. The final authority on law of Bhutan and its interpretation is the Supreme Court. Laws enacted in Bhutan prior to the Constitution of 2008 remain intact insofar as they do not conflict with the Constitution.
Much of Bhutanese law is premised on promoting Gross National Happiness, a fundamental principle of the Constitution.
The law of Bhutan is enforced by the national police, established in 1965. The judicial system of Bhutan, namely the Royal Court of Justice, brings and hears cases and interprets the law of Bhutan. Agencies of Ministries within the Lhengye Zhungtshog (Cabinet) as well as independent Commissions are established by law to implement relevant laws, provide regulations, and establish procedural frameworks.
Sources of law.
Bhutanese legislation is the source of Bhutanese domestic law, including civil, criminal, and administrative law. Bhutanese legislation is created by the bicameral Parliament of Bhutan. Either the upper house National Council, the lower house National Assembly, or the Attorney General may author bills to be passed as acts, with the exception of money and financial bills, which are the sole purview of the National Assembly. Acts passed predating the enactment of the Constitution in 2008 were passed under different procedures, some originating as promulgations by the King as indicated in their preamble.
Under Article 20 of the Constitution of Bhutan, foreign relations of Bhutan under the purview of the Druk Gyalpo on the advice of the Executive, namely the Prime Minister and other Ministers of the Lhengye Zhungtshog including the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Treaties of Bhutan predating the Constitution of 2008 remain in force, however any treaties adopted after its enactment must be ratified by Parliament.
Civil law.
Contracts.
"Prima facie" requirements of Bhutanese contracts, termed "written agreements," are governed by provisions of Evidence Act of 2005. Valid written agreements must be made in the presence of one witness of each party; be signed by all parties or another person duly empowered by a legally binding writing in that behalf; and be executed with a legal stamp. A contract is invalid if it has an erased word; has an alteration that is not counter-signed; has a defective seal or signature; lacks the proper legal stamp; is made while a party is a minor, mentally unsound, or under duress; is objected to by any party in court within 10 days; is executed in breach of law or to conceal an illegal act; or otherwise fails to conform to any other requirement by law. 
Property laws.
Broadly, Bhutanese law divides property into three types: movable (chattels), immovable (real property), and intellectual. Additionally, Bhutan has codified legislation on specific subtypes of property, such as livestock, and on general property-related transactions, such as security interests.
Bhutanese hypothecs, loans, and pledges of movable and immovable property, including mortgages and secured transactions, are governed according to the Moveable and Immovable Property Act of 1999 and Land Act of 2007. These types of security interest are generally the purview of the Royal Court of Justice. Bhutanese law includes normative definitions and procedures for attachment and perfection of security interests as well as types of security interests, such as purchase money security interests. The law also covers default, foreclosure, deficiency, redemption, and allocation of risk of loss in modern terms. Notably, non-citizens are prohibited from taking a security interest in immovable property without prior government approval. Also notably, Bhutanese law provides for tolling of interest for mortgagees while incarcerated, and extends some redemption rights to family members of the debtor.
The Land Act of 2007 establishes the National Land Commission as the government agency overseeing land ownership and transactions. The Commission is composed of the Secretaries of the Ministries of Agriculture, Works and Human Settlements, Finance, Trade and Industry, and Home and Cultural Affairs, along with some six other representatives from various public and private interest groups. The Commission oversees land transfers, mortgages, easements, and the national land register ("chhazhag sathram" or "thram"). The Commission also issues deeds of land title ("lag thram") and has surveys conducted for registered lands.
Subject to certain limitations, Bhutanese citizens are free to conduct environmentally sound agricultural and commercial activities on the land they own, as well as enter into transactions such as sales and leases. Additionally, the Royal Government is authorized to lease out its reserves for grazing and pasture management ("tsamdro" lands). Land use must generally be licensed by appropriate authorities; for example, commercial agriculture must be licensed by the Ministry of Agriculture. The law imposes a ceiling on land ownership, and provides exemptions for the royal family, government institutions, religious agencies and institutions, and Bhutanese corporations. Because of this ceiling, the law also provides a grace period to dispose of inherited land, or alternatively, intestate succession to the second in line. Under Bhutanese law, all mineral rights are vested in the state, and the Mines and Minerals Management Act and other laws regulate their use and management. Contiguous lots of land under common ownership may be merged only with local government approval. Further limits on land ownership include escheat in the event of intestacy ("tsatong" lands), non-use of land for 3 years, and non-payment of land taxes.
The reigning Druk Gyalpo is empowered to grant "kidu", or parcels of land, and may also grant plots for land rehabilitation purposes.
Tenancies and other estates in land less than outright ownership are governed by the Tenancy Act of 2004, and by Land Act of 1979 where incorporated by Tenancy Act. Under these laws, tenancies must be supported by a written lease with definite terms. Tenancies entail several rights and obligations for tenant and landlord, enumerated by statute. These include many rights similar to common law guarantees, such as the tenant's right of "peaceful enjoyment" and duty to refrain from nuisance and dangerous activities. These also include remedies such as lease cancellation and rent abatement for a landlord's breach of warranty of habitability, and eviction for tenant's breach of duty to pay rent over two months. In Bhutan, however, sub-leases are unlawful. Notably, tenancies pass according to a set order upon the death of the leaseholder. Bhutanese law also contains provisions on rents the limit annual increases to 10 percent of the monthly rent. Tenancies are regulated by the Tenancy Authority, an agency of the Ministry of Works and Human Settlement.
Intellectual property.
Intellectual property law is seen mainly in the Copyright Act and Industrial Property Act of 2001. Under the Copyright Act, Bhutanese copyright protection lasts for the life of the author, plus fifty years after death; in the case of joint authors, it lasts for fifty years after the death of the last author. Collective and anonymous works are protected for fifty years after publication. Applied art is protected for twenty-five years from creation. Bhutanese intellectual property law recognizes both economic and moral rights of the author; the former is freely assignable in whole or in part.
Bhutan protects other types of intellectual property, such as patents, trademarks, trade dress, and industrial design, through the Industrial Property Act. 
The Intellectual Property Division of the Ministry of Economic Affairs is responsible for maintaining registration and upholding intellectual property law. The Division cites low levels of awareness and innovation along with poor coordination among stakeholders as hampering the development of intellectual property in Bhutan. It launched its registration system for industrial design in 2009, and had registered two designs as of April 2011.
Corporate law.
Bhutan has regulated corporations since 1989, most recently under the Companies Act of 2000. Corporations and other legal entities are overseen by the Ministry of Trade and Industry and its various subsidiary agencies. Within the government of Bhutan, the Minister of Trade and Industry represents his ministry in the Lhengye Zhungtshog (Executive Cabinet).
Bhutanese law regulates incorporation, capital, debentures, shares and issuance of stock and securities, corporate management and accounting, directorships, mergers and acquisitions, and dissolution. Notably, licensure to commence business as a Bhutan corporation requires the discretionary approval of the Minister of Trade and Industry; imposes joint and several liability upon directors for "ultra vires" conduct; and prohibits unsecured debentures. The bulk of Bhutanese corporate law, however, is identical to those of modern nations, including statutory shareholder inspection rights, the dichotomy between "equity shares" (common) and preference shares, and solvency doubly defined as the ability to pay debts as they become due and as the excess of assets against debts. (Cf. general corporate and insolvency laws)
Since 2007, Bhutan has separately regulated civil society organizations ("CSOs"). These include associations, societies, foundations, charitable trusts, nonprofit organizations or other entities outside government that do not distribute any income or profits to their members, founders, donors, directors or trustees. Excluded from CSO status are trade unions, political parties, cooperatives, and religious organizations devoted primarily to religious worship. Rather, the latter group is separately regulated under the Religious Organizations Act of 2007, which aims to protect and preserve the spiritual heritage of Bhutan through providing for the registration and administration of religious organizations. To meet those goals, the Act creates the Chhoedey Lhentshog as the regulatory authority on religious organizations. This body regulates, monitors, and keeps records on all religious organizations in Bhutan, which are in turn required to register and maintain specified corporate formalities.
Public law.
Citizenship and immigration law.
Bhutanese citizenship and immigration laws are found in the Citizenship Act of 1985 and Immigration Act of 2007, respectively. The Bhutanese citizenship law is generally an ambilineal "jus sanguinis" law, meaning it is transmitted by parentage as opposed to place of birth, and requires that both parents be Bhutanese. The law also requires continuous registration in local registers. Naturalization requires cultural familiarity and assimilation and allegiance to the Druk Gyalpo. Immigration laws establish a visa schedule and divide aliens into immigrant and non-immigrant categories. They also empower immigration inspectors with broad authority to prosecute offenders, and to detain and search persons and places, both public and private.
Election and government law.
Bhutanese law also treats elections and governments, from elections of local governments to national elections and referenda. The sole subject matter that is forbidden to national referenda is taxation. Bhutan is composed of single-member constituencies that elect representatives at the local levels – thromde (municipality), gewog (village block), and dzongkhag (district) – as well as the national level – Parliament. Election laws establish the eligibility of candidates, parties, and voters, as well as the procedures for voting, counting, and disputing ballots. While the national Parliament alone has lawmaking authority, many powers including taxation, rulemaking, and law enforcement, have been devolved to elected local governments since the 1990s.
Employment and labor law.
Within the Bhutanese government, the Ministry of Labour and Human Resources, Labour Administration, implements labor laws, formulates labor regulations, inspects workplaces, and advises employers and employees of their rights and obligations. The Labour Administration is headed by the Chief Labour Administrator.
Employment and labor law are codified in the Labour and Employment Act of 2007 and provisions of the Wage Act of 1994 that remain unrepealed. Provisions from 1994 that remain unrepealed include facilities and benefits laws including an eight-hour work day, one paid day off for every six worked, insurance and transportation costs borne by the employer, and the basic workman's compensation scheme. Also intact remains a foreign worker ceiling of 30,000 "skilled persons and technicians not available within Bhutan."
Bhutanese labor law prohibits compulsory labor, except for by prisoners or by people as required for "important local and public celebrations." The practice of "zhabto lemi" (Dzongkha: ཞབས་ཏོག་ལས་མི་; Wylie: "zhabs-tog las-mi"; "free service; voluntary worker"), a kind of compulsory labor in rural areas for public purposes, was abolished in 2009. 
The law also prohibits discrimination and sexual harassment.
Worker rights.
Bhutanese labor law includes mandatory workman's compensation, pensions, wages and hours including overtime; universal rules on leave, including maternity and nursing leave; and comprehensive provisions on employment contracts and related rights and remedies. The law explicitly places the financial burden of ensuring occupational health and safety on the employer, and requires accident and safety reporting.
Bhutanese labor law also permits the formation of workers' associations by any group of 12 or more workers under a legal work contract. These labor associations are permitted to engage in collective bargaining, and to be represented by a non-management employee of their ranks. In the event of an unresolvable dispute, the Chief Labour Administrator is empowered to intervene as conciliator. Settlement may otherwise be reached by resorting to the Royal Court of Justice.
Child labor.
Although child labor is not banned outright, certain practices such as child trafficking, child prostitution, hard labor, night work, and dangerous and unhealthy working conditions are specifically banned. The minimum age for unrestricted work is 18 years. In practice, child labor is common on farms, in shops, and at schools themselves. As of 2009, the UNHCR and UNICEF had found children working at road construction sites, automobile workshops, restaurants and as street vendors; some children were also used in sexual exploitation. 
To redress to these conditions, the National Commis­sion for Women and Children works to provide these children with stable households, educational opportunities, and shelter on a monthly basis. The same government agency also oversees foster homes and adoptions of orphans and exploited children.
Foreign workers.
Bhutanese law prohibits the employment of foreigners without permits from the Chief Labour Administrator. The Ministry of Labour and Human Resources is empowered to set maximum numbers of foreigners who may work in Bhutan, and may limit the number of foreigners working in any particular field or industry. The Ministry of Home and Cultural Affairs, Department of Immigration, also oversees and coordinates all foreign workers in Bhutan.
Family law.
Family law is largely a matter of custom, however customary family practices are largely supplemented and superseded by the Marriage Act of 1980, placing marriage largely within the jurisdiction of courts. 
The Marriage Act foremost states that persons have "the right to marry any other person, irrespective of status, caste, wealth or appearance", with the exceptions of minority (under 18 for males, under 16 for females) and prohibited consanguinity. Whether the marriage is contracted according to the customary rites and rituals, following an engagement, or a "love marriage", the law requires couples to obtain a marriage certificate ("nyentham") from a local court or "gup" (village headman) in order to be legally married. Requirements for certification include the endorsement of a surety, and that the couple consist of one male bridegroom and one female bride per marriage. Other restrictions on marriage include a limit of three marriages for parties whose marriages repeatedly end in divorce due to their own misconduct. Remarriage requires the consent of the former spouse, and when widowed, a waiting period of one year. Notably, women in Bhutan may by custom be married to several husbands, however they are allowed only one legal husband. The legal status of married couples among polygamous and polyandrous households impacts the division of property upon divorce and survivorship, as well as general admissibility of the marital relationship in courts.
In addition to marriage, the Marriage Act thoroughly treats adultery, sexual assaults, separation, divorce, child support, child custody, and a host of compensable offenses. Adultery by a married man is not compensable as adultery in Bhutanese law, however adultery and attempted adultery with a married woman must be compensated by payment ("gawo") from the third party to the husband; when a married woman commits adultery with a religious celibate, both additionally face a six-month term of "rigorous imprisonment". No compensation is permitted, however, if a husband learns of the adultery only after divorce has been granted or if a husband is imprisoned for more than three years (i.e., for a felony). Women receive compensation only when their husbands leave them to legally marry another woman.
Separation requires a payment generally by the party seeking divorce, the amount depending on the length of the marriage, except in the case of spouses separating to take vows of religious celibacy, and in the case of at-home spouses seeking divorce from absent spouses. Separation costs are otherwise imposed on violent spouses, on third parties who induce the divorce, and on wives who admit guilt in adultery. The divorce itself is presented as a deed of divorce ("yikthi"). Divorces are also granted for spouses of those who commit adultery by fraud and rape. Mothers of both legitimate and illegitimate children are entitled to compensation from unwed, separated, or divorced fathers. In the event of maternal mortality, the law imposes a duty on the biological father to pay fines to her family and to raise his child if her family is unable.
Rape is illegal in Bhutan. Under 2004 laws, marital rape is illegal too, being classified as a petty misdemeanor. 
The Constitution of Bhutan prohibits persons married to non-citizens from holding office by election or by royal appointment (Constitutional Offices). The Marriage Act mandates a special court petition for Bhutanese desiring to marry non-citizens. The same law imposes a total restriction on promotion for government workers who marry non-citizens, as well as the discharge of any government worker in defense or foreign relations. It also deprives the Bhutanese citizen of many government-related benefits, from land allotment ("kidu"), seeds, and loans, to public and foreign-sponsored education. Bhutanese marriage law prohibits international couples from propagating any religion other than the state religion, Drukpa Kagyu Buddhism, and requires the non-citizen spouse to adopt Bhutanese traditions and customs.
Tax law.
Bhutanese law generally provides for individual and corporate taxation based on income, sales, imports, and movable and immovable property. The tax scheme is established by Parliament, overseen by the Ministry of Finance, and implemented by its Department of Revenue and Customs. 
As of 2011, Bhutan's Corporate Income Tax rate was 30 percent on net profits; in addition, the Business Income Tax was another 30 percent on net profits. As for individual taxation, the Department of Revenue and Customs imposes no taxes on the first Nu.100,000 of income; taxes up to Nu.250,000 at 10%; up to Nu.500,000 at 15%; up to Nu.1,000,000 at 20%; and Nu.1,000,001 and above at 25%. In addition, property transfers are taxed at 5%. Rural taxes are also imposed on land, houses, and cattle. Other direct duties includes the motor vehicle tax, foreign travel tax, royalties, business and professional licenses, health contribution taxes, and municipal taxes.
Bhutanese law requires payment of sales tax and excises on goods and services within Bhutan as well as customs on imports according to rates and schedules published by the Ministry of Finance. The law also provides Department of Revenue and Customs agents broad authority to inspect, confiscate, demand accounting, and to detain, fine, and prosecute those who contravene the tax laws. The law further forth a procedural framework for resolving disputes, which may be appealed to the Royal Court of Justice.
As part of Bhutan's program of decentralization, local governments and municipalities – including dzongkhags, gewogs, and thromdes, have been authorized to collect property, services, and transactional taxes since at least 1991. Notably, the Local Government Act of 2009 allows thromdes (municipalities) to levy a separate tax on vacancy and underdevelopment.
Other legislation authorizes or imposes taxes against particular subject matter. For example, the Tobacco Control Act of 2010 requires persons importing tobacco to pay a tax and to furnish proof of payment upon demand. Like many such laws, the Tobacco Control Act defines a set of offenses and penalties for contravening its taxation provisions.
Criminal law.
There are many sources of criminal law in Bhutanese legislation. The highest legal authority, the Constitution of Bhutan, prohibits capital punishment. Other acts of Parliament criminalize specific acts and practices: for example, the Tobacco Act criminalizes the cultivation, manufacture, and sale of tobacco and tobacco products, restricts public tobacco use, criminalizes non-health-related depictions of tobacco in motion media, and modifies the crime of smuggling to include possession of tobacco beyond a person's allotted limit; also, immigration- and customs-related criminal offenses and penalties, as well as quasi-criminal procedure for deportation and detention, are enumerated in the Immigration Act of 2007. 
The most comprehensive pieces of legislation codifying Bhutanese criminal law and procedure have been the National Security Act of 1992, the Civil and Criminal Procedure Code of 2001, and the Penal Code of 2004. The National Security Act pertains mostly to treason and speech crimes, and to unlawful assembly, rioting, and states of emergency. The Penal code classifies crimes according to severity, defines the elements and defenses to crimes, and provides a framework for sentencing criminals. The Code sets forth a criminal law framework analogous to that any modern common law jurisdiction, for instance division of "mens rea" into negligence, recklessness, and intent.
The classes of crimes defined by the Code are felony, misdemeanor, petty misdemeanor, and violation. Misdemeanors result in imprisonment for one year or more but less than three years; petty misdemeanors result in imprisonment for one month or more but less than one year; and violations result in a fine. Felonies are graded into four degrees. First degree felonies are punishable by prison terms of fifteen years to life; second degree felonies – nine to fifteen years; third degree felonies – five to nine years; and fourth degree felonies – three to five years.
Elements and defenses to crimes are codified thematically, along with their class and grading. For example, premeditated murder is listed among "homicide", graded as a first degree felony; and unnatural sex, including sodomy, is listed among "sexual offences," graded as a petty misdemeanor.
Law enforcement.
Law enforcement is done mainly by the Royal Bhutan Police, however the Royal Bhutan Army also maintains security in Bhutan. In addition, legislation has enabled several government agencies with varying degrees of law enforcement powers. For example, the Immigration Act of 2007 grants immigration inspectors broad discretion and authority to inspect and arrest, while the Tobacco Control Act provides for enforcement of tobacco and smoking laws by local governments.
Court system.
The judiciary of Bhutan is the Royal Court of Justice, consisting of the Supreme Court of Bhutan, the High Court of Bhutan, the twenty Dzongkhag Courts, and some sixteen Dungkhag Courts. Where Dungkhag Courts have geographical jurisdiction (dungkhags, "sub-districts"), they are the courts of first instance; in all other places, the Dungkhag Court is the court of first instance.
The Chief Justice and Drangpons (Associate Justices) of the Supreme Court, as well as judges of the High Court and Dzongkhag Courts below, are appointed by the Druk Gyalpo. The Chief Justice sits for 5 years, but all others sit for 10 or until mandatory retirement. 
Within the court system, the government of Bhutan and its organs are advised and represented in civil and criminal proceedings by the Attorney General of Bhutan. The Attorney General is appointed by the King of Bhutan on the advice of the Prime Minister. The Attorney General Act of 2006, wholly incorporated by the Constitution of 2008, tasks the Attorney General with prosecuting crimes, safeguarding the impartiality of the judicial process, and disseminating information about the law among the people. The Attorney General also drafts Bhutanese legislation for submission to parliament, reviews legislation authored in parliament, and advises all levels of government regarding judicial decisions.
In the Bhutanese judicial system, civil and criminal procedure are defined by the Civil and Criminal Procedure Code of 2001. Foremost, the Code provides for open trials, equal protection of the laws, impartiality, and habeas corpus petition rights. Both civil and criminal trials in Bhutan are decided by one or more judges. After final appeal in the court system, the Code provides for appeal to the Druk Gyalpo.
The Code's civil procedure section further provides venue, jurisdiction, and pleadings rules. Many aspects are identical to common law procedure, namely the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, including terminology for claims, pleadings, and motions. In civil actions, the parties are at all times able to resolve their disputes before local government mediators.
Legal profession.
The Constitution guarantees all persons the right to consult and be represented by a Bhutanese "jabmi" (attorney) of their choice. The legal profession is regulated by the Jabmi Act. The body which regulates the legal profession is defined as the "Jabmi Tshogdey", analogous to a bar association. All "jabmi" must be members of this body in good standing, and the Act sets forth several requirements for membership. All "jabmi" must be Bhutanese citizens; persons of integrity, good character and reputation; not addicted to drugs; not of unsound mind or of mental infirmity; not adjudged bankrupt; not sentenced for criminal offences; have legal qualification recognized by the "Jabmi Tshogdey"; have undergone the National Legal Course; and have passed the Bar selection examinations.
History.
The history of the law of Bhutan extends to the country's formation in the 17th century. Founder Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal's regime was bound by a legal code called the Tsa Yig, which described the spiritual and civil regime and provided laws for government administration and for social and moral conduct. The duties and virtues inherent in the Buddhist dharma (religious law) played a large role in the new legal code, which remained in force until the 1960s. The recent and current enforcement of the Driglam Namzha, the code which governs the dress and behavior in public, may be seen as a part of Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal's wider legal legacy in Bhutan.
The Tsa Yig was revised in 1957 and ostensibly replaced with a new code in 1965. The 1965 code, however, retained most of the spirit and substance of the 17th century code. Family problems, such as marriage, divorce, and adoption, usually were resolved through recourse to Buddhist or Hindu religious law. In modern Bhutan, village heads often judged minor cases and dzongkhag (district) officials adjudicated major crimes. The judicial system's civil and criminal codes continued to be built upon the Tsa Yig. Strict censorship laws have been enforced comparable to those of Bhutan's South Asian neighbours.
Trials in the 1980s were public, and it was the practice of the accuser and the accused each to put their cases in person to judges. There were no Jabmi (attorneys) in Bhutan's legal system until the 1980s, and decisions were made on the facts of each case as presented by the litigants. Judges were responsible for investigations, filing of charges, prosecution, and judgment of defendants in an inquisitorial system. Serious crimes were extremely rare throughout the 20th century, although there were reports of increased criminal activity in the 1980s and early 1990s with the influx of foreign laborers, widening economic disparities, and greater contact with foreign cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="19544828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544828" title="NGC 6819">
NGC 6819

NGC 6819 is an open cluster (commonly known as an "open star cluster")located 7,200 light years away in the Cygnus constellation. It was discovered by Caroline Herschel on 12 May 1784. 
Situated on the boundary of Cygnus and Lyra, NGC 6819 contains roughly two dozen stars of magnitude 10 to 12, with many more lower magnitude members.

</doc>
<doc id="19544841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544841" title="Layard">
Layard

Layard is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19544854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544854" title="Nematullo Quttiboev">
Nematullo Quttiboev

Nematullo Quttiboev made 14 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team, scoring five goals. He scored a hat-trick against Mongolia at the 1998 Asian Games, contributing to Mongolia's 15-0 defeat, its biggest loss ever.

</doc>
<doc id="19544861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544861" title="Virginia Civil Rights Memorial">
Virginia Civil Rights Memorial

The Virginia Civil Rights Memorial is a monument in Richmond, Virginia commemorating protests which helped bring about school desegregation in the state. The memorial was opened in July 2008, and is located on the grounds of the Virginia State Capitol. It features eighteen statues of leaders in the civil rights movement on four sides of a rectangular granite stone block onto which are carved quotes. The memorial was designed by Stanley Bleifeld, who was chosen by the commission behind the construction of the monument. The memorial cost $2.8 million which was financed by private donations.
Background.
R.R. Moton High School, an all-black high school in Farmville, Virginia, founded in 1923, suffered from terrible conditions due to underfunding. The school did not have a gymnasium, cafeteria or teachers' restrooms. Teachers and students did not have desks or blackboards, and due to overcrowding, some students had to take classes in an immobilized, decrepit school bus parked outside the main school building. The school's requests for additional funds were denied by the all-white school board.
In response, on April 23, 1951, a 16-year-old student named Barbara Rose Johns covertly organized a student general strike. She forged notes to teachers telling them to bring their students to the auditorium for a special announcement. When the school's students showed up, Johns took the stage and persuaded the school to strike to protest poor school conditions. Over 450 walked out and marched to the homes of members of the school board, who refused to see them. Thus began a two-week protest.
The protest led to a court case where Virginia civil rights lawyers Oliver Hill and Spottswood Robinson brought suit against the school board. "Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County" was eventually one of the four cases combined into "Brown v. Board of Education", the famous case in which the U.S. Supreme Court, in 1954, officially overturned racial segregation in U.S. public schools. However the policies of Massive Resistance delayed integration until the 1960s when national legislation was passed.
Construction.
Governor of Virginia Mark Warner and the Virginia General Assembly established on February 24, 2005 the commission to oversee the monument. Ground was broken on the site of the monument on February 19, 2008. The memorial is located on a corner opposite a statue of Harry F. Byrd, Sr., the architect of the massive resistance movement against civil rights. The monument was on temporary display in Newburgh, New York before being installed in July 2008. The ceremony opening the memorial was held on July 21, 2008 and was attended by about 4,000, including Governor Tim Kaine, relatives of those involved in the protest, and civil rights leaders. Stanley Bleifeld, who was the sculpted on the monument, said that because of the continuing nature of the Civil Rights Movement, he "wanted to make a living memorial, not a statue so that people engage and understand what's behind it."
Statues.
Eighteen statues are positioned around the monument. Not every statue depicts a specific person, with statues representing both students and adults. Among those depicted include:
Quotes.
Two quotes are engraved on the granite on each of the long sides of the monument:

</doc>
<doc id="19544888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544888" title="Moulin Rouge (1934 film)">
Moulin Rouge (1934 film)

Moulin Rouge is a 1934 film starring actress Constance Bennett. It contained the songs "Coffee in the Morning" and "Kisses in the Night" and "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Al Dubin. Lucille Ball is an uncredited show girl in the film. It has no relation to the 1952 film with the same name. 
The cast includes Constance Bennett, Franchot Tone, Tullio Carminati, Helen Westley, Russ Brown, Hobart Cavanaugh and Georges Renavent.
The film was Twentieth Century's fourth most popular movie of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="19544898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544898" title="Bank, Azerbaijan">
Bank, Azerbaijan

Bank, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19544908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544908" title="Isle of Man Gambling Supervision Commission">
Isle of Man Gambling Supervision Commission

The Isle of Man Gambling Supervision Commission () (formerly the Gambling Control Commission) is the Gaming Control Board of the Isle of Man. It regulates most forms of gambling in its territory including land based (casino, amusement and slot machines, betting offices and lotteries) and online gambling services.
The Commission was established in 1962 to protect the interests of gamblers in the Island by ensuring that gambling remains fair and crime-free and that players receive their winnings. It gained worldwide notice with the advent of online gambling in the early 21st Century due to the Isle's reputation as a tax-friendly jurisdiction. It was one of the first jurisdictions to offer legislation to regulate the activity of e-gaming companies and create a secure atmosphere for the gamblers. One of the main documents underpinning the activity of the Commission is the Online Gambling Regulation Act 2001 (OGRA).
The first Isle of Man license to operate a live dealer in online casino gaming was given to Celton Manx in February 2009.
Functions.
The Commission deals with:
The Commission can't enforce any operator to return the stakes that have been voluntary placed and lost in a fair game, but it can provide advice and assistance in enforcing the deposited money and the actual winnings.
Status.
As the Isle of Man is a British Crown Dependency, they have their own government and legislation, therefore gambling legislation and licensing requirements do not have to be the same as in the UK. Nevertheless, this jurisdiction has very strict rules and therefore remains one of the countries named in the whitelist of the UK Gambling Commission and allowed to advertise their services on the territory of the United Kingdom. This means that the Isle of Man gambling jurisdiction meets the UK government's regulatory requirements regarding the openness, fairness and security of the licensed online gambling operators.
As of 2010 the Commission licences several well-known online gambling companies. The list of current license holders of the Gambling Supervision Commission is provided on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19544911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544911" title="Eduardo Sívori">
Eduardo Sívori

Eduardo Sívori (October 13, 1847 – June 5, 1918) was an Argentine artist widely regarded as his country's first realist painter.
Life and work.
Born to Genoese immigrants in Buenos Aires, Sívori had harbored artistic leanings during childhood that, for family reasons, went unfulfilled. Asked by his father to join him on a business trip to Paris in 1874, Sívori took the opportunity to frequent Parisian ateliers. Returning to Buenos Aires, the experience drew him to other local painters, including his brother, Alejandro, José Aguyari and Eduardo Schiaffino, who would later become one of Argentina's best-known symbolist painters. Together, they founded the Society for the Promotion of Fine Arts in 1875, an important early milestone in the development of artisan guilds in Argentina.
Sívori earned recognition for his "Dolce far niente" ("Sweet Do Nothing"), for which he was awarded a gold medal at the 1880 Continental Art Salon of Buenos Aires. He returned to Paris in 1882, eventually earning an apprenticeship in the prestigious Jean Paul Laurens atelier, following which he created "El despertar de la criada" ("Waking of the Servant"), perhaps his best remembered work. Increasingly renowned, his travels took him to the United States, where he was awarded a second gold medal at the St. Louis Exposition of 1884 for "Dolce far niente".
Sívori thereafter focused his efforts on commercial art, creating portraits and landscapes for clients, among the best-known of which was local stockbreeder Godofredo Daireaux's in 1903. His bucolic landscapes soon earned him renown as the "portraiteur of the pampas." These relationships helped result in the designation of his guild as an official entity within the National Academy of Fine Arts in 1905, of which he was named president in 1910. Eduardo Sívori died in Buenos Aires in 1918 at the age of seventy, and was honored posthumously with the naming of the new Eduardo Sívori Museum in his honor, in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="19544914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544914" title="Tanfield School">
Tanfield School

Tanfield School is a comprehensive school in Stanley, County Durham, England, by the border to Tanfield Lea. Tanfield houses both male and female students from the age of 11 to 16. Tanfield has had good Ofsted reports. It supports Anti Bully campaigns, and other causes including charity work and links with other countries. 
In 2009, the school had the physical education block and dining hall refurbished. 
History.
On October 16, 1912, Tanfield Lea Higher Elementary School and Pupil Teaching Centre came into being. Five days later on October 21, it opened its doors to the first intake of pupils. Some of the pupils who arrived that day had transferred to the new premises from the old Pupil Teacher Centre. However, most of the new intake were twelve years old. 
Mr. Hardy the first headmaster recorded in the school log that: "The Pupil Teacher and Preparatory pupils attending the Tanfield Lea P.T. Centre (53 in number) and their teachers Mr. Stringer, Mr. Crabb, Miss Clough came to the school and 174 pupils were admitted by examination from 329 candidates". The object of the school, as stated in the 1912 prospectus, was to: "provide education, between the ages of 12 and 15 years, for children who, having previously attended an ordinary public elementary school, give sufficient promise of being able to take up an extended curriculum of such a character as is here provided, and whose parents intend them to remain until they are at least 15 years of age. The previous education of the pupils will be continued and widened and a practical training in special subjects added. The education given is indeed intended to afford, in an essentially practical manner, an intelligent preparation for the duties which will be undertaken when school days are over".
In 1919, the school was re-christened "Alderman Wood School" and took on grammar school status. In the mid-1940s its name was changed to Stanley Grammar School. In 1977, Tanfield Comprehensive was formed by the amalgamation of the existing school with Shield Row Secondary School. The school then had about 1,300 pupils and 76 teachers.
1986 saw another change with the phasing out of the Sixth Form and the opening of the Tertiary College at Consett.
11 May 1998 was 'The Great Fire of Tanfield' which led to the demolition of the Tower Block (the 1960s four-storey building used to house all the English, Maths and Science teaching areas). Three years later, the scaffolding was dismantled and the eighteen temporary, demountable, classrooms were lifted from the football and rugby pitches during the summer vacation. In November 2000, OFSTED inspectors commented, "The school has had to cope with very difficult working conditions following a major fire in May 1998, which resulted in the loss of 24 classrooms, school offices, resources, equipment and pupils' coursework". They congratulated the staff on their resilience, the effective management of the situation and the determination of governors to move forward.
In September 2000, pupils moved into a new extension to the Technology suite and redesigned Art accommodation. Together they provide new Textiles, Graphics, Pottery and Art rooms, as well as a third ICT computer room. Visitors to Tanfield now enter through the Reception and Administration Area. Along with five purpose-built Science Laboratories and a Science Prep Room, this forms a part of a newly constructed building which opened in January 2001 on the site of the former Tower Block. 
There is now a Maths suite of five specialist rooms on the ground floor, with the English faculty linked to the School Library and Resources Centre, and an ICT room with thirty computers, on the upper floor. 
During the past decade, Tanfield has been awarded the International Schools award, Sportsmark award, Artsmark award, Healthy Schools award and financial awards from the Princes Trust and Barclays New Futures. Tanfield School is a Lighthouse School recognised for its work in the community and an EcoSchool working towards improving our environment. It has received a Schools Curriculum Award.
Study support.
Some students need support in order to make progress through National Curriculum levels 3-7. Tanfield School can provide a supportive learning environment to students with additional needs.

</doc>
<doc id="19544925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544925" title="Law of Jersey">
Law of Jersey

The Law of Jersey has been influenced by several different legal traditions, in particular Norman customary law, English common law and modern French civil law. The Bailiwick of Jersey is a separate jurisdiction from that of the United Kingdom, and is also distinct from that of the other Channel Islands such as Guernsey, although they do share some historical developments. Jersey's legal system is 'mixed' or 'pluralistic', and sources of law are in French and English languages, although since the 1950s the main working language of the legal system is English.
Sources of law.
Legislation adopted by the States of Jersey.
Jersey's legislature, the States Assembly makes legislation affecting most areas of activity.
Laws.
The highest form of legislation made by the States is 'Laws'. If a proposed Law is likely to be controversial, the general desirability of having new legislation on the topic may be debated before the Law drafted. The procedure for making Laws is set out in the Standing Orders of the States of Jersey. Once the Law is in draft from, it starts the legislative process as a "projet de loi", which may be introduced to the States by a Minister, any States Member, a scrutiny panel or the Comité des Connétables. At the stage known as 'first reading', the title of the projet is read out and the projet is 'lodged au Greffe' providing a two to six week breathing space for Members to read the draft Law. Under Article 16 of the Human Rights (Jersey) Law 2000, the Minister or other person lodging the projet au Greffe must make a written statement that the provisions of the projet are compatible with Convention rights or 'make a statement that although or she is unable to make a statement of compatibility, or she nevertheless wants the States to proceed with the projet'. At the next 'second reading' stage, there is a formal debate in the States chamber during which members consider the principle of the projet and then scrutinise the draft in detail. At 'third reading' stage there is an opportunity for minor drafting errors to be corrected. Finally, members vote to adopt the law.
The Law is then submitted via the Lieutenant Governor's office for transmission to London, where officials in the Ministry of Justice examine the Law. In 2010, the House of Commons Justice Committee was highly critical of the UK Government's approach, finding that 'The Islands are more than adequately advised by their own Law Officers and Parliamentary Counsel. It seems a strange use of Ministry of Justice resources ... to engage in a kind of legislative oversight which does not restrict itself to the constitutional grounds for scrutiny'. This process may take several months. In an unusual move in 2011, campaigners against a Law that sought to reduce the number of Senators in the States petitioned the Privy Council to advise the Queen to refuse Royal Assent. Once official scrutiny is complete in London, the Law is formally presented to Her Majesty for Royal Assent at a meeting of the Privy Council, usually held at Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle.
After a Law receives Royal Assent, the final step is for it be registered with the Royal Court of Jersey. At this point it is 'passed'. The Law is then brought into force at a date decided by the relevant Jersey minister. There may be a considerable delay between a Law being passed and it becoming legally effective if, for example, civil servants need to be trained, computer systems put in place or money found to pay for the new scheme.
Laws adopted and passed are published in print as "Recueil de Lois" de Jersey and online by the Jersey Legal Information Board on the Jersey Law website.
Other types of legislation.
In Jersey, there are other types of legislation in addition to Laws.
Customary law.
Custom is a source of law in the Jersey legal system. It has been described as "the product of generally accepted usage and practice. It has no formal sanction or authority behind it other than the general consensus of opinion within the community". It differs from English common law where rules stated by a judge of a senior court are binding law "because" they are stated by a judge. In customary law, the role of the judiciary is to look for evidence of what is "generally accepted usage and practice".
Many rules of customary law have crystallised to such an extent (through repeated acknowledgment by the Royal Court and in the way people conduct their affairs) that everyone accepts them as binding without discussion. The boundaries of the Parishes, the existence of the office of Bailiff and various rules relating to possession of land and inheritance fall into this category. Many rules of customary law are to be found discussed in the texts of the "Commentators" and the case law of the Jersey courts. Where the works of the commentators do not deal with situation, the Jersey courts look at factual evidence to work out is the "generally accepted usage and practice".
The customary law of the Duchy of Normandy is particularly influential as a source of law in Jersey, even though Jersey ceased to part of Normandy in 1204. Norman law developed in two main epochs–the "Ancienne coutume" (1199–1538) and the "Coutume reformée" (1538–1804).
Ancienne coutume of Normandy.
The northern and western regions of Medieval Europe "were a patchwork of territorial areas in which the main source of law was customs, usages and practices which had become relatively fixed and settled". Norman law was based on oral tradition and repeated practices in Feudal society. The earliest known written account of the Ancienne coutume of Normandy is the "Très-ancienne coutume", first set down in Latin manuscript around 1199 to 1223. It was translated into French, probably in about 1230. It is thought to be the work of scholars or court officials, designed to be a manual for legal practitioners. A modern edition was compiled from various sources in 1903 by Professor E.J. Tardiff.
When in 1309 Edward II of England sent Justices to Jersey, the people of Jersey were "asked by what law they claimed to be governed, the law of England, of Normandy, or by some special customs of their own? They answered 'By the law of Normandy, and referred the Justices to the "Summa of Malcael" Jersey name for the Grand Coutumier, where the Norman laws are well embodied'... But they added, and this a clause that caused much trouble later, 'except that we have certain customs used in this island from time immemorial".
In the 16th century, two commentaries on the Grand Coutumier, written in Normandy, have been influential in Jersey law. Guillaume Rouillé of Alençon (also known as Le Rouillé) was the author of "Le Grant Coustumier du pays & duché de Normendie : tres utile & profitable a tous practiciens" (1534; 1539). He also produced commentary on the neighbouring province of Maine (pictured).
Guillaume Terrien's "Commentaires du droit civil, tant public que privé, observé au pays et Duché de Normandie" was first published in 1574. Dawes explains: "Terrien’s own work comprised the selecting of texts from the "Grand Coutumier", putting them into an order which suited his scheme (even to the point of cutting and pasting quite disparate texts) and then commenting on the resulting amalgam. To this commentary a further author added notes headed 'Additio', more often than not in Latin".
Two modern versions of the text of the Grand Coutumier have been produced. The first was by Jurat William Laurence de Gruchy entitled "L’Ancienne Coutume de Normandie: Réimpression, éditée avec de légères annotations" (1881), based on Le Rouillé’s 1539 edition, using a double-column format setting out the Latin and French texts side by side. In 2009, an English translation of the Latin text by J.A. Everard was published.
Coutume Reformée of Normandy.
The second period in the development of Norman custom was between 1583 and 1804 and is known as the "Coutume reformée" (the reformed custom). In 1453, Charles VII of France issued orders that all the customary laws of France should be "redacted", in other words set out systematically and approved under royal authority. The Duchy of Normandy was the last part of France to comply with this order but the new text was eventually prepared and received royal approval in 1585 by Henry III of France.
There are two reasons why the Coutume reformée might be thought to have little relevance to Jersey: it was created 380 years after Jersey had ceased formally to be part of the Duchy of Normandy and it was a text sanctioned by the king of France. Nonetheless, Jersey lawyers and courts made frequent references to the Coutume reformée and by virtue of its assimilation into Jersey law over the centuries it is regarded as a source of the island's law.
Commentators on the Coutume reformée include:
Within France, customary law was abolished in 1804 with the introduction of uniform codes of civil and criminal law across the whole of France.
Jersey commentators on custom.
As well as relying on commentaries produced in France, Jersey has an indigenous legal literature on custom. In the 17th century, Jean Poingdestre (1609–1691) and Philippe Le Geyt (1635–1716) wrote several works. Some chapters of C.S. Le Gros' 20th century work, "Traité du Droit Coutumier d l'Ile de Jersey" also remain relevant.
Legislative reforms of custom.
Many rules of customary law have been amended or abolished by legislation in the later 19th and 20th centuries. Examples of this include:
Influence of English and French law.
Some fields of Jersey, such as negligence and administrative law, are heavily influenced by English common law. In other branches of law, notably contract, Jersey courts may have regard to French civil law.
Human rights.
The Human Rights (Jersey) Law 2000, based closely on the United Kingdom's Human Rights Act 1998, requires Jersey courts so far as possible to interpret legislation so that it is compatible with rights and freedoms guaranteed by the European Convention on Human Rights. Jersey public bodies are required to act in conformity with Convention rights.
In January 2012, Jersey introduced laws to recognise same-sex civil partnerships.
Language of Jersey law.
During the 20th century, the main working language of the Jersey legal system changed from French to English. Before the 1930s, almost all legislation passed by the States Assembly was in French. Since then, French is used only where new legislation makes amendments to legislation originally drafted in French.
The conveyancing of immoveable property was carried out using contracts drafted in French until October 2006, after which contracts were required to be in English. Several French words and expressions used in Jersey differ from Standard French.
Precedent and law reporting.
During the 19th and 20th centuries a series of improvements to the system of writing and reporting judgments was put in place. In 1885, the Royal Court began to publish the "Tables des Décisions de la Cour Royal de Jersey"–a subject index to decided cases, prepared by the Greffier.
In 1950, Charles Thomas Le Quesne KC returned to Jersey from practice at the English Bar and was appointed Lieutenant Bailiff. Up to this point, the Royal Court's judgments were in the French style of "jugements motivés", written in French by the Greffier rather than the judge, and expressing the reasons for the court's decision only very briefly. Le Quesne changed the language of judgments to English and adopted the common law style of judgments, where the judge gives detailed reasons for accepting or rejecting the rival submissions made at trial by counsel. Between 1950 and 1984, the Royal Court published its and the Court of Appeal judgments in a series of law reports known as the "Jersey Judgments" (eleven volumes in total). From 1984, judgments have been published a new series of law reports known as the "Jersey Law Reports".
In 2004, the Jersey Legal Information Board (JLIB) was set up to promote "accessibility of the written law and legal processes to the public and of an integrated and efficient legal system, through the use of information technology and by other means". Judgments of the Royal Court and Court of Appeal are published online on www.jerseylaw.je, with open access to "unreported" judgments as part of the Free Access to Law Movement.
Judiciary.
The head of the judiciary in Jersey is the Bailiff, who as well as performing the judicial functions of a chief justice is also the President (presiding officer) of the States of Jersey and has certain civic, ceremonial and executive functions. The Bailiff's functions may be exercised by the Deputy Bailiff.
Judicial appointments processes.
The posts of Bailiff and Deputy Bailiff are Crown appointments, formally made by Her Majesty the Queen, on advice of the UK government's Secretary of State for Justice.
This process has not been used for appointment to the office of Bailiff on the basis that "The Secretary of State has accepted that the position of Deputy Bailiff is a training ground for the position of Bailiff, and that, therefore, all things being equal, you would expect to move up, assuming of course that you have performed to everyone's satisfaction".
Jurats are elected by an electoral college consisting of the Bailiff, the Jurats, the Connétables, the elected members of the states, advocates and solicitors of the Royal Court. Voting is by secret ballot.
Commissioners of the Royal Court are appointed by the Bailiff for the hearing of a specified cause or matter or a specified term.
The Bailiff appoints the Magistrate and the Assistant Magistrate (who hold full-time salaried posts) and part-time Relief Magistrates (legal practitioners who carry out duties on a daily fee-paid basis). It is now normal for the Bailiff to convene a panel to advise on salaried appointments.
Removal from office.
The Bailiff, Deputy Bailiff and members of the Jersey Court of Appeal 'hold office during good behaviour'. Whereas senior judges in England and Wales who are appointed by Crown may only be removed from office with the consent of both Houses of Parliament, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Justice may dismiss a Jersey judge appointed by the Crown without the agreement States of Jersey. This happened in 1992, when the then Deputy Bailiff Vernon Tomes was dismissed from office by the Home Secretary (the UK minister who at the time was responsible for the Crown Dependencies) on grounds of his delays in producing written judgments.
Jurats hold office up to the age of 72 years. A Jurat who 'in the opinion of the Court, is permanently unable, through physical or mental incapacity, or for any other reason, efficiently to carry out the duties of the office, may be called upon by the Court to resign'. A Jurat who refuses to resign may be removed from office by Order of Her Majesty in Council on the petition of the Superior Number (the Bailiff and five or more Jurats) of the Royal Court.
The Bailiff may if he 'thinks fit, terminate the appointment of a Commissioner on the ground of incapacity or misbehaviour'.
The Magistrates, who are also appointed by the Bailiff not the Crown, may not be removed from office 'except by virtue of an Order of Her Majesty in Council'. In June 2008, the Chief Minister informed the States of Jersey that the Magistrate-Designate, Ian Christmas, has 'agreed not to sit as a judge following a discussion with the former Bailiff as a result of a criminal investigation into an alleged fraud'. Mr Christmas was subsequently convicted of one count of fraud and sentenced to fifteen months in prison. It has been reported that the Bailiff's Office has asked the United Kingdom Ministry of Justice to arrange for a UK judge to undertake a disciplinary investigation.
Judicial independence in Jersey.
Code of Conduct.
All judges in Jersey are bound by a code of conduct promulgated by the Jersey Judicial Association in 2007. This requires judges to 'uphold the integrity and independence of the judiciary and perform their duties with competence, diligence and dedication'.
ECHR Article 6.
All courts in Jersey are required under Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights to be 'independent and impartial'. In 2000, the European Court of Human Rights held in "McGonnell v United Kingdom" that there was a breach of Article 6 in "Guernsey" where the Bailiff or Deputy Bailiff sat as President of the States of Guernsey when proposed legislation was being debated and then subsequently sat as a judge of the Royal Court of Guernsey in a case where that legislation was relevant. The Court, noting that there was no suggestion that the Bailiff 'was subjectively biased', stated that the 'mere fact' that this happened was capable of casting doubt on the Bailiff's impartiality. A Bailiff and Deputy Bailiff in Jersey is able to avoid a "McGonnell" situation simply by not sitting in the Royal Court in cases concerned with legislation that was debated when he presided in the States. The current Bailiff, Mr Michael Birt has conceded that 'we probably need to improve our systems to be very compliant with "McGonnell" and that one probably ought to keep a running list of those statutes where I have presided so at least I could invite the parties to consider whether they wanted to object or not'. In a recent review chaired by Lord Carswell, set up by the States of Jersey, a legal opinion was commissioned from Rabinder Singh QC in which he expressed the view that 'there is no reason in law why the present constitutional arrangements in respect of the Bailiff should be altered. However, the trend suggests that the tide of history is in favour of reform and that the legal position will be different in 10 years time'. The report of Lord Carswell's inquiry concluded that Mr Singh's opinion 'provides an additional reason why the Bailiff should cease to be the President of the States'. The States of Jersey have not accepted this aspect of the Carswell report. Many prominent islanders do not believe that any change is necessary or desirable.
Stuart Syvret litigation.
In recent years, a former State's member Mr Stuart Syvret has argued in legal proceedings in England and Jersey that all members of the Jersey judiciary lack the appearance of independence and impartiality. In March 2009, the High Court in London refused him permission to commence a judicial review claim against Home Secretary Jack Straw. In Jersey, subsequent proceedings related to a criminal prosecution for a data protection offence (he named a former nurse on his blog, whom he said was guilty of murdering patients), judicial reviews and appeals relating to that criminal case, and a separate civil action brought by Syvret against fellow politicians and Law Officers in connection with his removal from office as minister for health. Syvret argues that he cannot have a fair trial in the island and there is a lack of appearance of independence and impartiality because judges are appointed by the Bailiff and the other judges have attended social events with the Bailiff. Syvret's arguments relating to lack of independence and impartiality have been rejected by the Royal Court and Court of Appeal in Jersey on a number of occasions between 2009 and 2011.
Jersey legal profession.
Some law firms focus on legal practice relating to Jersey's finance industry, the largest being: Appleby; Bedell Cristin; Carey Olsen; Mourant Ozannes; and Ogier, all of which are regarded as part of the "offshore magic circle". Smaller firms and sole practitioners also provide a wide range of legal services. Several law firms now have offices in both Jersey and Guernsey but the legal professions of the two islands are separate, as they are separate from those in England, Wales and Scotland. Most notaries in Jersey are employed by, or are partners in, local firms of Jersey Advocates or Solicitors, although some are in English solicitors firms or practising purely as notaries, independent of the general legal profession. There is a local Jersey Notaries Society.
The Law Officers of the Crown are responsible for criminal prosecution work and for providing legal advice to the Crown, ministers and other members of the Assembly of the States of Jersey. The Attorney General and his deputy, the Solicitor General, are non-voting members of the States Assembly.
The process of qualifying as a Jersey lawyer is regulated by the Advocates and Solicitors (Jersey) Law 1997 and is similar for both advocates and solicitors. Since 2009, candidates for the Jersey law examinations are required to enrol on the Jersey Law Course run by the Institute of Law, Jersey. They are required to take five compulsory papers: (i) Jersey legal system and constitutional Law; (ii) Law of contract and the law relating to security on moveable property and bankruptcy; (iii) testate and intestate succession; law of immoveable property and conveyancing; and civil and criminal procedure. In addition, candidates must take one of three option papers: (i) company law; (ii) trusts law; or (iii) family law.
The admission of lawyers as Notaries in Jersey is governed by an order of the Master of the Faculties. It is necessary to show that a prospective Notary has been in actual practise in Jersey as a Jersey-qualified Advocate or Solicitor for a period of 5 years and is required to pass an examination in Notarial Practice. The Master does however retain a discretion to admit those who are not so qualified "...in appropriate circumstances".
Legal aid.
There is no publicly funded legal aid system in Jersey, though the States of Jersey may exercise discretion to pay defence legal fees in serious criminal trials and in cases involving children. During their first 15 years of practice, Jersey Advocates and Solicitors, but not Notaries, are required to participate in a scheme organised by the profession to ensure so far as possible that people without sufficient resources are not prevented from pursing or defending civil and criminal cases in the island's courts. The scheme is administered on behalf by the Bâtonnier (a senior member of the profession). Cases accepted by the Bâtonnier as eligible are allocated to lawyers on the basis of the 'Tour de Rôle' (i.e. according to one's turn). Depending on the litigants' income and assets, lawyers may work pro bono or charge a reasonable fee in accordance with published guidelines. A lawyer assigned a legal aid case may choose to pay another lawyer to handle the case and several firms have established specialist legal aid departments. There have been numerous and long-standing calls for reform of the present system.
Law reform.
The Jersey Law Commission was established by the States of Jersey in 1996 to keep Jersey law under review and bring forward proposals for law reform.

</doc>
<doc id="19544991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544991" title="NGC 6124">
NGC 6124

NGC 6124 is an open cluster located 18,600 light years away in the constellation Scorpius. It was discovered by Abbe Lacaille in 1751 during his South African tour.
The cluster is large and bright, with about 125 stars visible.

</doc>
<doc id="19544998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19544998" title="Derek Peltier">
Derek Peltier

Derek James Peltier (born March 14, 1985 in Plymouth, Minnesota), is an American professional ice hockey Defenseman who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent. He most recently played for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).
Playing career.
Amateur.
Peltier originally played prep hockey with Robbinsdale Armstrong High School in the Minnesota State High School League and was named in the All-Classic Lake and an All-State Honourable mention by the St. Paul Pioneer Press in 2001–02 before joining the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League.
In his second season with the RoughRiders, Peltier led Cedar defenseman in scoring with 33 points in 55 contests to be named in the All-USHL First Team. Derek's development as a dependable two-way defenseman resulted in being selected 184th overall by the Colorado Avalanche in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. Committing to a collegiate career, Peltier joined the University of Minnesota in the WCHA. As a freshman in 2004–05, he was a U of M scholar athlete and led the entire team in Plus/minus (+17). In his sophomore season, Peltier continued his studius progression to be named in the 2005–06 WCHA All-Academic Team and All-Tournament team and appearing all 41 games for the Gophers. 
As a Junior, Pelter was named to the WCHA All-Academic Team for the second consecutive season. He partnered 2006 first overall NHL draft pick Erik Johnson for the year and posted 15 points in 44 games. In his senior year Peltier was elected as captain of the Gophers for the 2007–08 season. He concluded his tenure with the Gopher's, playing in all 45 games, marking a streak of 172 consecutive games, missing only one game in his entire collegiate career. Posting a career high and team defense best 21 points, Peltier then signed an amateur tryout with Colorado's AHL affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for the end of the 2007–08 season.
Professional.
On June 5, 2008, Peltier was signed by the Avalanche to a three-year entry level contract. Derek spent the majority of the 2008–09 season with the Monsters, before he received his first NHL call-up on March 17, 2009. Peltier made his NHL debut with the Avalanche on the same day in a 3-2 loss to the Minnesota Wild. Peltier remained with the cellar dwelling injury hit Avalanche for the remainder of the season, going scoreless in 11 games.
In the 2009–10 season, Peltier was again used as a reserve defenseman for the Avalanche, spending the most part of the season in the AHL. Limited to 44 games with Lake Erie through injury, Derek made his season debut for Colorado on January 8, 2010, against the Carolina Hurricanes. He played in 3 games with the Avalanche before returning with the Monsters to post 1 goal and 12 assists.
Without a contract offer from the Avalanche, Peltier was invited as a free agent on a try out to the Pittsburgh Penguins training camp for the 2010–11 season. He was later re-assigned to AHL affiliate, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, training camp in hopes for a contract but was released from the team on October 3, 2010. On October 7, Peltier moved to fellow AHL team, the Peoria Rivermen, signing a professional try out contract to start the season.
Following a season spent with Rivermen, Peltier left to sign a one-year contract for European team, the Iserlohn Roosters, of the German DEL on June 30, 2011. Peltier became a fixture on the Roosters blueline, recording 10 points 43 games, to be rewarded with a one-year contract extension. In the following 2012–13 season, Peltier regressed to post only 5 assists in 43 games with the cellar dwelling Roosters, he was not offered a new contract at the conclusion of the DEL season.

</doc>
<doc id="19545028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545028" title="Santa Fe Apartments">
Santa Fe Apartments

The Santa Fe Apartments were an apartment building located at 681 Merrick Street in Detroit, Michigan. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 and subsequently demolished by Wayne State University; the site is now the location of the Yousif B. Ghafari Hall.
Significance.
The Santa Fe was built in 1925 for $95,000. The building was a fine example of Mission and Spanish Revival; this style was used frequently for homes and religious buildings, but its use in a multi-unit dwelling is rare.
Description.
The Santa Fe Apartments were a five-story apartment building built of brick, tile, and grey stone, with plentiful architectural details on the front façade. Vertical elements on the façade were created by rectangular columns and tall, narrow windows on the upper floors. The exterior also featured dentil moldings, a broken scroll pediment above the second level, and decorative railings. The sides were quoined and decorative brick and tile work graced the chimneys. The roof was formed with a distinctive Mission style parapet.

</doc>
<doc id="19545038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545038" title="Fisheries acoustics">
Fisheries acoustics

Fisheries acoustics includes a range of research and practical application topics using acoustical devices as sensors in aquatic environments. Acoustical techniques can be applied to sensing aquatic animals, zooplankton, and physical and biological habitat characteristics.
Basic Theory.
Biomass estimation is a method of detecting and quantifying fish and other marine organisms using sonar technology. An acoustic transducer emits a brief, focused pulse of sound into the water. If the sound encounters objects that are of different density than the surrounding medium, such as fish, they reflect some sound back toward the source. These echoes provide information on fish size, location, and abundance. The basic components of the scientific echo sounder hardware function is to transmit the sound, receive, filter and amplify, record, and analyze the echoes. While there are many manufacturers of commercially available "fish-finders," quantitative analysis requires that measurements be made with calibrated echo sounder equipment, having high signal-to-noise ratios.
History.
Following the First World War, when sonar was first used for the detection of submarines, echo sounders began to find uses outside the military. The French explorer Rallier du Baty reported unexpected midwater echoes, which he attributed to fish schools, in 1927. In 1929, the Japanese scientist Kimura reported disruptions in a continuous acoustic beam by sea bream swimming in an aquaculture pond.
In the early 1930s, two commercial fishermen, Ronald Balls, an Englishman, and Reinert Bokn, a Norwegian, began independently experimenting with echosounders as a means to locate fish. Acoustic traces of sprat schools recorded by Bokn in Frafjord, Norway was the first echogram of fish to be published. In 1935, Norwegian scientist Oscar Sund reported observations of cod schools from the research vessel Johann Hjort, marking the first use of echosounding for fisheries research.
Sonar technologies developed rapidly during the Second World War, and military surplus equipment was adopted by commercial fishers and scientists soon after the end of hostilities. This period saw the first development of instruments designed specifically to detect fish. Large uncertainties persisted in the interpretation of acoustic surveys, however: calibration of instruments was irregular and imprecise, and the sound-scattering properties of fish and other organisms was poorly understood. Beginning in the 1970s and 80s, a series of practical and theoretical investigations began to overcome these limitations. Technological advances such as split-beam echosounders, digital signal processing, and electronic displays also appeared in this period.
At present, acoustic surveys are used in the assessment and management of many fisheries worldwide. Calibrated, split-beam echosounders are the standard equipment. Several acoustic frequencies are often used simultaneously, allowing some discrimination of different types of animals. Technological development continues, including research into multibeam, broadband, and parametric sonars.
Techniques.
Fish counting.
When individual targets are spaced far enough apart that they can be distinguished from one another, it is straightforward to estimate the number of fish by counting the number of targets. This type of analysis is called echo counting, and was historically the first to be used for biomass estimation.
Echo integration.
If more than one target is located in the acoustic beam at the same depth, it is not usually possible to resolve them separately. This is often the case with schooling fish or aggregations of zooplankton. In these cases, echo integration is used to estimate biomass. Echo integration assumes that the total acoustic energy scattered by a group of targets is the sum of the energy scattered by each individual target. This assumption holds well in most cases. The total acoustic energy backscattered by the school or aggregation is integrated together, and this total is divided by the (previously determined) backscattering coefficient of a single animal, giving an estimate of the total number.
Instruments.
Echosounders.
The primary tool in fisheries acoustics is the scientific echosounder. This instrument operates on the same principles as a recreational or commercial fishfinder or echosounder, but is engineered for greater accuracy and precision, allowing quantitative biomass estimates to be made. In an echosounder, a transceiver generates a short pulse which is sent into the water by the transducer, an array of piezoelectric elements arranged to produce a focused beam of sound. In order to be used for quantitative work, the echosounder must be calibrated in the same configuration and environment in which it will be used; this is typically done by examining echoes from a metal sphere with known acoustic properties.
Early echosounders only transmitted a single beam of sound. Because of the acoustic beam pattern, identical targets at different azimuth angles will return different echo levels. If the beam pattern and angle to the target are known, this directivity can be compensated for. The need to determine the angle to a target led to the development of the twin-beam echosounder, which forms two acoustic beams, one inside the other. By comparing the phase difference of the same echo in the inner and outer beams, the angle off-axis can be estimated. In a further refinement of this concept, a split-beam echosounder divides the transducer face into four quadrants, allowing the location of targets in three dimensions. Single-frequency, split-beam echosounders are now the standard instrument of fisheries acoustics.
Multibeam echosounders.
Multibeam sonars project a fan-shaped set of sound beams outward into the water and record echoes in each beam. These have been widely used in bathymetric surveys, but have recently begun to find use in fisheries acoustics as well. Their major advantage is the addition of a second dimension to the narrow water column profile given by an echosounder. Multiple pings can thus be combined to give a three-dimensional picture of animal distributions.
Acoustic cameras.
Acoustic cameras are instruments that image a three-dimensional volume of water instantaneously. These typically use higher-frequency sound than traditional echosounders. This increases their resolution so that individual objects can be seen in detail, but means that their range is limited to tens of meters. They can be very useful for studying fish behavior in enclosed and/or murky bodies of water, for instance monitoring the passage of anadromous fish at dams.
Platforms for fisheries acoustics.
Fisheries acoustic research is conducted from a variety of platforms. The most common is a traditional research vessel, with the echosounders mounted on the ship's hull or in a drop keel. If the vessel does not have permanently installed echosounders, they may be deployed on a pole mount attached to the ship's side, or on a towed body or "towfish" pulled behind or alongside the vessel. Towed bodies are particularly useful for studies of deep-living fish, such as the orange roughy, which typically live below the range of an echosounder at the surface.
In addition to research vessels, acoustic data may be collected from a variety of "ships of opportunity" such as fishing vessels, ferries, and cargo ships. Ships of opportunity can offer low-cost data collection over large areas, though the lack of a true survey design may make analysis of these data difficult. In recent years, acoustic instruments have also been deployed on remotely operated vehicles and autonomous underwater vehicles, as well as at ocean observatories.
Target strength observations and modelling.
Target strength (TS) is a measurement of how well a fish, zooplankter, or other target scatters sound back towards the transducer. In general, larger animals have larger target strengths, though other factors, such as the presence or absence of a gas-filled swimbladder in fishes, may have a much larger effect. Target strength is of critical importance in fisheries acoustics, since it provides a link between acoustic backscatter and animal biomass. TS can be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.
Applications.
Surveys, stock assessment, management
Ecology
Behavior

</doc>
<doc id="19545050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545050" title="Ribes glandulosum">
Ribes glandulosum

Ribes glandulosum (skunk currant) is a species of flowering plant in the family Grossulariaceae, native to northern North America. It is a deciduous shrub growing to tall and wide, with palmate leaves and small, spherical white fruits in summer.
Uses.
The Ojibwa people take a compound decoction of the root for back pain and for "female weakness." The Cree people use a decoction of the stem, either by itself or mixed with wild red raspberry, to prevent clotting after birth. The Algonquin people use the berries as food. 

</doc>
<doc id="19545100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545100" title="Gustavo Dantas">
Gustavo Dantas

Gustavo Henrique Lourenço Dantas (23 December 1974 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - ) is a practitioner and accredited 4th dan black belt instructor of the Brazilian martial art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Originally from Rio de Janerio, Brazil, Gustavo currently instructs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and is the owner of the GD Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Tempe, Arizona. As black belt under Andre Pederneiras, he is the President of Nova União MMA/BJJ team. Recently, Gustavo has been charged with reorganizing the Nova União Jiu Jitsu team and is President in the US. He is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Nova União website and organizing the team for National tournaments.
Accomplishments.
Gustavo is an accomplished Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitor, with career highlights including:
2009 Rickson Gracie Cup 2009 Japan (1st place)
2008 Brazilian National Champion
2002 World Championships (3rd place) 
98 & 99 International Championships (1st place) 
98 Rio de Janeiro State Champion 
97 & 98 World Champion 
97 National Champion 
96 World Championships (3rd place)
The Nova União competition team has achieved success in National Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition, including:
2009 Southwest Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classic - 1st place
2009 American National Jiu Jitsu No-Gi Championships - 3rd place
2009 AZ BJJ State Championships - Adult, 1st place, Kids, 3rd place
2009 4th Arizona Open of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Adult, 1st place
2008 American National Championships - 3rd place
2008 AZ BJJ State Championships - Adult, 1st place 
2008 3rd Arizona Open of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Adult, 3rd place
2007 10th Arizona Grappling Challenge - Adult, 1st place, Kids, 3rd place
2007 American National Championships - 3rd place
2007 AZ BJJ State Championships - Adult, 1st place
2007 2nd Arizona Open of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Adult, 1st place, Kids, 1st place
2007 NAGA Las Vegas - 4th place
2006 9th Arizona Grappling Challenge - Adult, 1st place, Kids, 3rd place, Sub Wrestling, 2nd place
2006 AZ BJJ State Championships - Adult, 1st place
2007 Desert Quest 22 - Gi, 1st place, No-Gi, 1st place
2006 American National Championships - 3rd place
Students.
Black belts under Gustavo include Steve Judson, Gary Matsch, Brian Mitchell, Chris Lopez, Steve Rosenberg, Bob Merriman, Michael Westbrook, Morris Williams, Mannie Romero, Trevor Rivers, Paul Nava, Mark Moore, Micah Phillips, Jonathan Wagner, and Jake Gaston. Brown Belts under Gustavo include Kristina Barlaan, Jacob McClintock, Dan Kasbohm, Gene Folgo, Pat Runez, Fernando Armenta, Christian Broadnax, Issa Able, and Ryan Heilman.

</doc>
<doc id="19545138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545138" title="Mary Oliver (violinist)">
Mary Oliver (violinist)

Mary Oliver (born in La Jolla, California) is an American performer on violin, viola, and Hardanger fiddle, in the areas of New Music, free improvisation, and avant-garde jazz.
She currently lives in Amsterdam, where she is professor at the "Hogeschol voor Kunst" and musical director of the "Magpie Music Dance Company".
Education.
Oliver studied for her Master of Fine Arts in violin and viola at San Francisco State University and at Mills College. In 1993 she obtained a doctorate from the University of California, San Diego in Theory and Practice of Improvisation ("Constellations in Play: A Model of Improvisation"), which substantially informed her methods as a performer.
Career.
As a soloist she performs as much composed as improvised music, giving first performances of works by, for example, Richard Barrett, John Cage, Chaya Czernowin, Morton Feldman, Brian Ferneyhough, Liza Lim, George Lewis and Richard Teitelbaum. Oliver is a member of the Nieuw Ensemble, SONOR and KIVA, as well as the ICP-Orchestra.
She has performed with, among others, Ab Baars, Sean Bergin, Tobias Delius, Scott Fields, Ig Henneman, Tristan Honsinger, Achim Kaufmann, Joëlle Léandre, Thomas Lehn, George Lewis, Misha Mengelberg, Phil Minton, Michael Moore and Evan Parker. She has received invitations to perform at festivals all over the world, such as the "North American New Music Festival", "Xenakis Festival" in Buffalo, New York, Darmstadt Summer Course, Donaueschingen Festival and Ars Electronica (Linz).
Critical acclaim.
Mary Oliver is referred to as an internationally acclaimed Amsterdam violinist. To quote the Austin Music Co-op website, "Her premieres of new works by John Cage, Richard Barrett, Brian Ferneyhough, and Iannis Xenakis speak to the level of virtuosity she has achieved. Her equally brilliant work as an improviser is a rarity in the ranks of first-rate classical interpreters."

</doc>
<doc id="19545142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545142" title="NGC 6025">
NGC 6025

NGC 6025 is an open cluster located 2,700 light years away in the Triangulum Australe constellation. It was discovered by Abbe Lacaille in 1751 or 1752 during his South Africa tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19545154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545154" title="Bill Ivy (disambiguation)">
Bill Ivy (disambiguation)

Bill Ivy is a British Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Maidstone, Kent.
Bill Ivy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545157" title="Lyogyrus granum">
Lyogyrus granum

Lyogyrus granum, common name the squat duskysnail, is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
Distribution and conservation status.
This species of snail lives in New Brunswick and in Nova Scotia in Canada. It was categorized as "Data Deficient" (DD) by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC).

</doc>
<doc id="19545175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545175" title="Deroceras hesperium">
Deroceras hesperium

Deroceras hesperium, common name the evening fieldslug, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Agriolimacidae.
Distribution.
"Deroceras hesperium" was described by Henry A. Pilsbry from slugs collected at Oswego, Oregon.
Later (1948), Pilsbry elaborated on the type locality and stated it as "a small island in Oswego Lake, Oswego, Clackamas County, Oregon. In the same publication, he added additional Oregon records and mentioned a collection of slugs found in 1887 from Comox, Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
Conservation Status.
This species was assessed as "Data Deficient" (DD) by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC). In the Northwestern US, this formerly common species has declined by 50-75% and is now "truly rare" according to the 2004 Survey and Manage species assessment. It is now found only in northwestern Oregon, the northern Olympic Peninsula and the northeast coast of Vancouver Island. The US Fish and Wildlife Service recently determined that listing this species as endangered may be warranted due to the present or threatened destruction of its habitat resulting from activities that lower the water table or reduce soil moisture, including spring diversions, grazing, and logging.

</doc>
<doc id="19545200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545200" title="John Blake-Reed">
John Blake-Reed

Sir John Seymour Blake-Reed OBE (26 November 1882 – 8 March 1966) was a British judge.
Life.
Blake-Reed was educated at Manchester Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford. He was called to the bar by Gray's Inn in 1907, working on the Northern Circuit. After military service in the First World War as a lieutenant in the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve, Blake-Reed became a judge in Egyptian Native Courts (1919 to 1924), was President of the Land Court in Palestine in 1925, and a judge in the Mixed Court of Cairo (1926 to 1932). His final position was as a judge of the Mixed Court of Appeal in Alexandria (1932 to 1949). He was awarded the OBE in 1919 and knighted in 1950. He was also made a Grand Officer of the Order of the Nile, and was made an Honorary Fellow of Jesus College in 1960. Blake-Reed also published two books of Odes by Horace. He died on 8 March 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19545202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545202" title="David Yurchenko">
David Yurchenko

David Viktorovich Yurchenko (; born March 27, 1986 in Ashgabat) is a Russian footballer currently playing for FC Ufa.

</doc>
<doc id="19545223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545223" title="Khalid Radhy">
Khalid Radhy

Khalid Radhy () (born 1981) is a Saudi Arabian footballer. He currently plays as a goalkeeper for Al-Nassr.

</doc>
<doc id="19545233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545233" title="Faber Drive discography">
Faber Drive discography

This is the full discography for the band Faber Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="19545257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545257" title="Physella parkeri">
Physella parkeri

Physella parkeri, the Broadshoulder Physa, is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail.
It is an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.
Like others in the family, this species is sinistral or left-handed.
Distribution.
The subspecies "Physella parkeri latchfordi", also known as the "Gatineau tadpole snail", lives in Quebec, Canada. It was categorized as "Data Deficient" (DD) by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC).

</doc>
<doc id="19545261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545261" title="Stuart Laing (diplomat)">
Stuart Laing (diplomat)

Stuart Laing (born 22 July 1948) was a British diplomat, and is now Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
He graduated from Corpus Christi College, Cambridge in 1970 having studied Classics. He entered the diplomatic service in 1970.
During his service in the Diplomatic Service, Laing held the following offices:
He was appointed Master of his old college Corpus Christi on the 1 October 2008 succeeding Oliver Rackham.
Laing is married to Sibella (daughter of Sir Maurice Henry Dorman, herself a graduate in History of Newnham College, Cambridge) and has a son and two daughters.
Laing found himself under a shroud of controversy in late February 2011 when accompanying a trade delegation to the Middle East, led by the British Prime Minister David Cameron, that contained several delegates from UK defence companies including BAE Systems and Thales Group. Laing attended in his official capacity as Deputy Vice Chancellor of Cambridge University along with the heads of other British universities such as Imperial College London and University College London. Objections were raised that, as such weapons and devices of public order control had recently been used by the governments of Egypt and Libya, it was irresponsible for the University to be involved in such a trip.

</doc>
<doc id="19545266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545266" title="Majed Hazzazi">
Majed Hazzazi

Majed Hazzazi () (born 1988) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who currently plays as a defender for Al-Raed.
He was a member of the Saudi football team in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. 

</doc>
<doc id="19545270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545270" title="Route choice (orienteering)">
Route choice (orienteering)

Route choice is a tactic in orienteering and related sports such as rogaining and adventure racing. These sports involve navigation from one control point to the next and, in most cases, the choice of route is left to the competitor. This is provided the rules permit route choice and the course is designed so that a choice "exists". In trail orienteering and European style mounted orienteering route choice is not permitted. In United States style foot orienteering, route choice is absent from White courses, limited in Yellow courses, and a crucial element in the design of more advanced courses. Given a choice of route, the competitor evaluates trade-offs among such factors as distance, amount of "climb", degree and extent of "fight", mode of travel, technical difficulty, and the competitor's own preferences.
Among orienteering sports, route choice has varied importance. It is arguably the single most important tactical factor in rogaining, it is very important in mountain bike orienteering and ski orienteering, and it is less important in some other forms of orienteering. Route choice is completely absent from the Parcours d'Orientation et de Régularité (orienteering and pace racing phase) of Techniques de Randonnée Équestre de Compétition (TREC) competitions. In that phase, orienteering involves following "exactly" a course marked on a map but not in the terrain. For example, if a course follows the east bank of a ditch then traveling in the ditch or on its west bank would be an error.
Orienteering sports in which route choice is an important factor provide few locations where spectators can watch the race. During World Orienteering Championships 2009, the racers wore GPS tracking devices and many spectators watched them racing via the Internet. These spectators who watched the men's relay race "saw" Martin Johansson (Sweden) have a freak accident, and Thierry Gueorgiou (France), Anders Nordberg (Norway), and Michal Smola (Czech Republic) come to his aid.

</doc>
<doc id="19545292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545292" title="Sergey Shustikov (footballer born 1989)">
Sergey Shustikov (footballer born 1989)

Sergey Sergeyevich Shustikov (; born 5 March 1989) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk in the Russian National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19545304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545304" title="Aquatics at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Aquatics at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Aquatics at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Jeddah from April 9 to April 18, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19545307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545307" title="Beare Sound">
Beare Sound

Beare Sound (variant: Beares Sound) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in eastern Frobisher Bay off the southern tip of Baffin Island's Blunt Peninsula.
Martin Frobisher named the sound after James Beare, principal surveyor of the 1577/78 Frobisher expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="19545316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545316" title="Corrupt (disambiguation)">
Corrupt (disambiguation)

To be corrupt is to be spiritually or morally impure or acting illegal.
Corrupt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545352" title="Mystery Girl (TV film)">
Mystery Girl (TV film)

Mystery Girl is a rock-mockumentary musical comedy. It's the first and second The Naked Brothers Band episode of Season 3, and TV movie on Nickelodeon. It has premiered on October 18, 2008. This episode was the highest rated Naked Brothers Band episode ever with more than 4 million viewers.
Plot.
The Naked Brothers Band begin filming a motion picture called "The Top Secret Naked Brothers Band Musical Mystery Movie". Nat tries to grapple why Rosalina is trying to get herself written out of the script. 
To Nat's dismay, he later discovers that Rosalina is going to leave for a 6-month boat cruise around the world for winning a violin competition and becomes mad at her. Meanwhile, Alex freaks when he finds out that he has to kiss his skateboarding buddy, Juanita (Teala Dunn), for a scene in the film.
During the time Nat is moping around, he develops feelings for his costar, the renowned actress Miranda Cosgrove, and he feels confused after kissing her for a scene in the movie. After that, Miranda suggested that Nat should do something very nice for Rosalina, before she leaves for the cruise. 
Nat finally accepts that Rosalina is leaving and decides to perform a serenade for her with the band, by singing her his self-written composition, "Your Smile", outside of her apartment. In conclusion, in the subplots, Cooper becomes the new director of the movie, and Juanita did not have to kiss Alex—as it was only a typo by the screenwriter; instead Juanita only has to kick him.

</doc>
<doc id="19545379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545379" title="Luis de Souza Ferreira">
Luis de Souza Ferreira

Luis Alfonso de Souza Ferreira Huby (born October 6, 1908 in Lima – died September 29, 2008 in La Punta) was a football forward player from Peru who played for Universitario de Deportes.
Souza studied engineering and made his professional debut with Universitario de Deportes in 1926. He remained with the club during his 8 years as a professional footballer.
National team.
He played for the Peruvian National Team from 1929 to 1934. In 1930 he represented his country in the 1930 FIFA World Cup finals in Uruguay. In this competition he scored the first goal of one Peruvian team.

</doc>
<doc id="19545404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545404" title="Chapel of Our Lady of Europe">
Chapel of Our Lady of Europe

The Chapel of Our Lady of Europe () is a Roman Catholic chapel located in the High Square () of Algeciras (Spain). The popularly known ""Capillita de Europa"" () is considered as the foundational element of the modern city of Algeciras. It was the host of the statue of the Virgin and the Child kept in the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe from the capture of Gibraltar by the Anglo-Dutch fleet in 1704 to 1864.
Description.
It was built in its current form in 1769, since the original building was severely affected by the 1755 Lisbon earthquake and had to be demolished. The first chapel had been dedicated to St. Bernard, patron saint of Gibraltar and its Campo, and was placed in the "cortijo" (farm) of one of the wealthiest families of Gibraltar, the Gálvez, in 1690, with the authorization of the bishop of Cádiz. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1981.
In 1704, following the Capture of Gibraltar by an Anglo-Dutch fleet on behalf of the Archduke Charles, claimant to the Spanish throne, almost all the population left the town. Some of the refugees built their houses by the chapel; in theory they were provisional buildings, since they were entrusting that Gibraltar would be recovered soon. However, with the passage of the time, the provisional settlement became the seed of a new town, beginning in this way the modern history of Algeciras after his destruction in 1379. The hermitage gave shelter to the statue of Our Lady of Europe. The statue of the Virgin and the Child was venerated in Gibraltar, in the Shrine of Our Lady of Europe. At the time of the capture, the shrine was looted and the statue of the Virgin and Child was broken and its remains thrown out to sea. As the statue was carved from wood, the pieces were recovered by a fisherman who found them floating in the Bay of Gibraltar and later delivered them to Juan Romero de Figueroa, the priest in charge at the Church of St. Mary the Crowned and St. Bernard in Gibraltar. Romero de Figueroa remained in the town after the capture and eventually took the pieces of the statue to Algeciras for safekeeping in the former Chapel of St. Bernard, which was dedicated then to Our Lady of Europe and named Chapel of Our Lady of Europe (). The original statue was returned to Gibraltar in 1864.
The design belongs to the architect Torcuato Cayón; it possesses an alone Barrel vault and a dome sustained by pendentives, this dome is divided in eight sections, in them and in the pendentives the Apostles are represented.
The Facade possesses two bodies and belfry, on the door a niche exists with an image of St. Bernard, patron saint of the city, placed in recent times. It was plundered in 1931 and then sold by the bishopric to an individual in 1936, during the decade of 1940 it was in complete abandon as store of a workshop of mechanics. Later in 1943 it was restored by the town hall. In 1989 it proceeded to a new restoration, necessary since the building of his left side was destroyed.
It is the see of the Brotherhood of the Cristo Atado a la Columna (Christ Tied to the Column), work of José Román Corzanego and of María Santísima de las Lágrimas (Holy Mary of the Tears), work of the Salesian workshops of Seville.

</doc>
<doc id="19545429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545429" title="Beare (disambiguation)">
Beare (disambiguation)

Beare may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545431" title="Legislation of the Provisional Government of Hong Kong">
Legislation of the Provisional Government of Hong Kong

This is a list of bills that were introduced and passed into law and became ordinances of the territory by the Provisional Legislative Council that sat for a year from July 1997 to 1998.
Laws passed before 1 July 1997 were passed by the provisional legislature that sat while the outgoing legislature was still sitting. They were not in effect until the provisional legislature started its officially sittings and took over as the legislature of the territory on 1 July 1997.
Pre-Handover 
Post Handover
Once passed, these bills became law or Ordinances.

</doc>
<doc id="19545462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545462" title="Florian Berisha">
Florian Berisha

Florian Berisha (born 18 January 1990) is a Swiss football midfielder of Albanian origin. He plays for FC Chiasso in the Swiss Challenge League, on loan from FC Aarau.

</doc>
<doc id="19545480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545480" title="Convention on the High Seas">
Convention on the High Seas

The Convention on the High Seas is an international treaty created to codify the rules of international law relating to the high seas, otherwise known as international waters. The treaty was one of four treaties created at the United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS I). The treaty was signed 29 April 1958 and entered into force 30 September 1962. As of 2013, the treaty had been ratified by 63 states.
The treaty is divided into 37 articles:
Article 1: Definition of "high seas".
Article 2: Statement of principles
Article 3: Access to the sea for landlocked states
Articles 4–7: the concept of a Flag State
Article 8: Warships
Article 9: Other ships in government service
Articles 10–12: Safety, rescue
Article 13: Outlawing transport of slaves at sea
Articles 14–21: Piracy
Article 22: Boarding of merchant ships by warships
Article 23: Hot pursuit, that is, pursuit of a vessel across borders for the purposes of law enforcement
Articles 24–25: Pollution
Articles 26–29: Submarine cables and pipelines
Articles 30–37: legal framework, ratification, accession

</doc>
<doc id="19545487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545487" title="Boesch">
Boesch

Boesch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545534" title="Traitors (album)">
Traitors (album)

Traitors is the third studio album by American deathgrind band Misery Index. It was engineered and produced by Kurt Ballou and released through Relapse Records on September 30, 2008. A video was released for the song "Traitors".
Critical reception.
Scott Alisoglu, reviewing the album for Blabbermouth.net, considered the songs on the album more varied and the songwriting better than on the preceding "Discordia" album, and also noted an increased sense of melody. Pitchfork Media's Cosmo Lee stated that Ballou had achieved "a sound falling somewhere between 'battering ram' and 'machine gun'", calling the album a "thought-provoking package", with lyrical themes varying from criticism of the US government to celebrity worship. According to Allmusic writer Greg Prato, the band "keep things as precise, tight, and brutal as possible from start to finish", and called the album "a complete sonic assault". The album was named "Album of the Month" by "Terrorizer" magazine in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19545544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545544" title="Brisebois">
Brisebois

Brisebois may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545578" title="Angels and Monsters">
Angels and Monsters

"Angels and Monsters" is the fifth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series "Heroes" and thirty-ninth episode overall. The episode aired on October 13, 2008.
Plot.
Nathan and Tracy are in bed. Nathan gets out of bed and goes to the kitchen, where he finds Mr. Linderman waiting for him. Nathan believes Linderman is a hallucination, but Linderman claims to have been sent from a higher power to warn Nathan that Tracy was in danger. 
Mohinder is in the park and approaches a drug dealer and asks for something to take the edge off. Mohinder then grabs him and takes the dealer himself. Maya comes to Mohinder's laboratory while he's gone and finds his neighbor alive in a cocoon. She tries to free him but Mohinder returns and attacks her.
In Sylar's cell, Peter grabs him and snaps his neck, then turns to see his mother at the observation window. He telekinetically grabs her and asks what other secrets she's hiding from him. As he starts to slice open her skull, Sylar recovers and telekinetically throws Peter against the cell window, rendering him unconscious. Noah Bennet arrives and tells Sylar to come with him because they have a lead on another Level 5 escapee.
Sandra Bennet has realized that Claire lied about going to a cheerleading retreat and that she is going after the Level 5 escapees. Meredith argues that Claire cannot die, but Sandra shows her a file on Stephen Canfield, who can create matter vortexes that sucks up everything around, and suggests that anything and anyone will permanently disappear in Canfield's vortices, regardless of power. Meredith is persuaded, but is more worried by another escapee, Eric Doyle, who she says is horrible. She leaves to go after him, persuading Sandra to stay in the house. Stephen Canfield is at his former home on the phone with his sister, who refuses to tell him where his family is. She hangs up on him. Stephen gets angry and creates a vortex that sucks in a handful of small items before hearing footsteps, at which point Claire comes up from behind and tasers him.
After being released from his coffin, Adam chokes Hiro until he explains that they're looking for the missing formula. However, he refuses to help until Hiro blackmails him by locking him in his coffin again until he agrees.
Linderman meets with Daphne at the Pinehearst Company and wants to have her join a new group of special individuals that he's assembling. She agrees as long as she's paid, and he hands her a file containing photos of the people she needs to recruit, including Knox and Mohinder. 
Canfield disarms Claire and explains that he only made one mistake, accidentally killing his neighbor in an argument. He discovers that she is not working with Primatech or Pinehearst. He then explains that the Company locked him away with no lawyer and no trial and all he wants is a normal life. Sympathizing, Claire offers to help him find his family. She uses the Company files to locate Canfield's wife and children. He calls his wife and sets up a meeting at the Griffith Park Carousel. Suddenly Noah and Sylar burst in with their guns ready. Sylar rescues Claire from the vortex and tries to apologize to Claire, as, by touching her hand from holding her back from the vortex, he saw how much pain and terror he had caused her, but she won't have it, and Noah forbids Sylar to speak to her.
Tracy admits to Nathan that she killed a reporter by accident in Washington D.C. She wants to turn herself in but he warns that no one will believe her claim, and reminds her that he was shot when he tried to go public with his ability. He lets her know his belief that God gave him his powers. Tracy tells him that she got her powers from experimentation by Dr. Zimmerman.
Adam takes Hiro and Ando to a bar where persons with special abilities can be hired. The bartender attacks Adam for having an affair with his wife but knocks out Hiro by mistake, then chases Adam out of the bar. Hiro and Ando try to find Adam without success. As they go down an alleyway, behind them, Knox knocks Adam out and puts him in a van. Daphne and Knox then enter the bar where Hiro and Ando are drinking. They offer Hiro a job at Pinehearst Industries. However, Knox has a sword, which he gives to Hiro, saying that he can only join on the condition that he kills Ando. After apologizing sadly to Ando and telling him that this is necessary to save the world, Hiro appears to fatally stab him with a sword, Daphne reacts with shock and Ando seems to die.
Nathan and Tracy go to the Company facility where Angela is keeping Peter sedated. She explains that Zimmerman helped the Company develop a synthetic ability drug and that Tracy, her sisters Niki Sanders and Barbara, and Nathan were among his test subjects. Angela explains that since his father was disappointed that Nathan didn't have the genetic code for special powers, he authorized experimentation on Nathan. The decision was based on the assumption that since everybody else in the Petrelli family had powers, Nathan's body should be able to take it. Angela apologizes for the experiments on Tracy and says they tried to make amends by splitting the formula in half so no one could recreate it. However, Nathan reproaches her apology and leaves with Tracy. Nathan suggests that he and Tracy go to Mohinder for help. At his lab, Mohinder encases Maya in a cocoon when she discovers his disturbing secret.
Claire goes to Griffith Park where Canfield plans to meet his wife. He tells her that his wife never showed up and admits his family are afraid of him. Noah arrives, holds Canfield at gunpoint, and makes him a deal: if Canfield kills Sylar, then Noah will let him go. Instead, he states that he does not want to "be a monster" and creates a vortex to suck himself in. Noah drives Claire home, explaining that he did what he had to do to protect his family. Sylar suggests to Claire that Noah is a user who doesn't consider either one of them human beings. However, Claire calls Sylar a monster when out of earshot and seems to believe Noah. Claire goes inside and Sandra greets her, glad that Meredith found her; Claire responds with "Meredith?". In a house filled with puppets, Meredith is seated at a table eating spaghetti with Eric Doyle. He controls her, forcing her to eat her food and then to kiss him.
Angela has a vision in which Nathan, Peter and Tracy are killed. A man wearing a ring grabs her and says that he can't have her seeing the future. She insists that she will stop him, but he tells her that she won't even be able to move. Angela wakes up from her dream, paralyzed.
Daphne runs to Pinehearst and informs Linderman that she's recruited everyone, including Hiro. She feels uneasy about the apparent murder of Ando but Linderman shrugs it off saying that it's "all part of making the world a better place". He then tells Daphne there is one more person to recruit: Matt Parkman, describing him as the most difficult one of all. She waves her hand through Linderman, and realizes that he isn't really there. Despite this she still reluctantly agrees to seek out Matt. As she leaves, Linderman disappears, and Maury Parkman emerges from the shadows. Maury enters the Pinehearst building and enters a medical chamber. He telepathically talks to the man with the ring, hooked up to life support, confirming that he's following his orders to give Nathan visions of Linderman, and that Adam is well in hand. The episode finishes with him declaring; "Whatever you say goes, Mr. Petrelli."
Critical Reception.
Steve Heisler of "The A.V. Club" rated this episode a D+.
Robert Canning of IGN gave the episode 7.3 out of 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19545620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545620" title="Caroline Cornwallis">
Caroline Cornwallis

Caroline Frances Cornwallis (1786 – 8 January 1858) was an English feminist writer. Her father, William Cornwallis, belonged to the junior branch of the better known military and naval family. The daughter of a Kent rector who had been an Oxford fellow, Caroline read voraciously on both religious and secular matters throughout her childhood. Later, she travelled widely for her times, to Italy and to Malta. She mastered Greek, Latin and Hebrew, and also among modern languages, Italian, German and French. She also worked on Icelandic and other Scandinavian languages.
When it came to her turn to take up the pen, she built herself a role as a discreet, usually anonymous, voice for the underprivileged and under-educated. If the widest group she championed in this way were the poor in Victorian England, she also spoke out for the rights of women. She was wedded to her faith, a moderate Anglicanism that rejected as excessive the attitudes of Edward Bouverie Pusey and the Oxford Movement: she wrote "We have abundance of technical terms but have we the spirit of the Gospel?"
Early life.
She was born in 1786 and spent her childhood living at the rectory of St John the Baptist Church in Wittersham, Kent, where her father was rector from 1778. Her mother, Mary Cornwallis, published "Observations, Critical, Explanatory and Practical on the Canonical Scriptures", in 1817. Caroline had an elder sister, Sarah, born in 1779, who died a month after the birth of her son in 1803; the much-loved grandchild and nephew born on that occasion, James, died twelve years later. The double tragedy marked the family, including Caroline herself, deeply.
In 1806, Caroline turned down an offer of marriage from Jean Charles Léonard de Sismondi, a Swiss refugee of Italian origin who had spent some time living as a refugee from revolutionary turmoil, in the home of a neighbouring parish vicar, just a few miles from Wittersham. Despite her refusal of his offer of marriage, Caroline remained a close friend of Sismondi and from 1826 to 1828 she spent time as a tenant of his family home, in Pescia Italy. She returned home when news of her father's death reached her. In 1835 she made one further journey abroad, visiting another family friend, the diplomat John Hookham Frere in Malta. With the death of two friends in Italy, Sismondi's nephew Giulio Forti in 1838 and Sismondi himself four years later, she seems to have decided to stop travelling abroad, although she had been contemplating a return to Italy in 1836.
Later life and major writings.
Cornwallis wrote, edited or closely collaborated in a series of 22 Short Books on Great Subjects. They covered aspects of philosophy and science, the roots of philosophy in ancient Greece, the origins and development of Christianity and various areas of education or the law. The eighteenth of these, "The Philosophy of the Ragged Schools" of 1851, states her views about the need to educate the poor. She argues that, among other benefits, the poor once educated will be less likely to drift into crime. This was a subject to which she returned in 1851 when she shared the prize for a competition on Juvenile Delinquency proposed by Lady Noel Byron. These essays published in 1853. She showed herself well informed on developments in education that had been made in continental Europe and in the United States, and argued for the need to make education a pleasure and relevant to the concerns of the students, since ‘religion unaccompanied by knowledge degenerates into superstition.’
Amongst these publications, she wrote a novel "Pericles: a Tale of Athens in the 83rd Olympiad". For all her admiration of the great orator Pericles, she was most struck by the fact that one of his greatest speeches had in fact been written by his mistress Aspasia. This was a theme which Cornwallis took up explicitly in the last of a series of articles she published in the "Westminster Review" between 1854 and 1857, where she based herself on the role played by women, notably Florence Nightingale at Scutari during the Crimean War, in order to urge a review of the whole role of women in society.
Caroline Cornwallis, like Aspasia, was a woman who remained in the shadows herself but who found a voice to speak for causes that would lead to some of the major changes that marked not just her own nation but many others after her death in 1858. She did this by building on her learning, to mount a quiet, dignified campaign of intellectual endeavour which nonetheless kept up the pressure on power. In her own words, "... we shall keep up a rumble in the ears of our law-makers."

</doc>
<doc id="19545662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545662" title="Guite">
Guite

Guite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545713" title="Dicky Case">
Dicky Case

Roy George Arthur 'Dicky' Case (7 June 1910 Toowoomba, Queensland - 1980) was an Australian international speedway rider who finished sixth in the 1936 Speedway World Championship, the first ever final.
Career.
Case worked for the Queensland Railway Company before taking up speedway. He first came to the UK in 1930 and joined the Wimbledon Dons. He finished third in the 1932 Star Riders' Championship, the forerunner to the Speedway World Championship and also represented Australia in several Test Matches. He travelled to Germany in 1931 with Max Grosskreutz to promote speedway there, but the venture was shortlived due to opposition from the government. Along with Billy Lamont, Case was unbeaten by an opposing rider throughout the whole 1932 Test series against England. In 1933 he joined the Coventry Bees, In 1934 he joined Lea Bridge, and when they folded mid-season, transferred to Walthamstow Wolves and stayed with them when the promotion transferred the operation to Hackney Wick Stadium and becoming the Hackney Wick Wolves at the start of the 1935 season. He was the Wolves captain and top points scorer in 1935 and repeated the feat in 1936, as well as riding in the inaugural Speedway World Championship final at Wembley.
In 1937 Case was beaten to the top spot in the Hackney team by Cordy Milne but announced he was retiring from the sport. However in 1938 Case joined the Wembley Lions but had a poor season due to injuries and did actually retire.
The Wolves dropped down a division in 1938 and after injury to the captain Frank Hodgson in the 1939 season, they announced that Case would be making a combeack to cover for the injured skipper. However after a fall in his first ride which left him with an injury to force him to withdraw from the meeting, although he did complete his second ride, he retired from speedway for the final time.
Training school.
Whilst at Hackney, Case set up a training school at Rye House, operating under the name of the Hackney Motor Club. The school operated until 1938 when Rye House entered the Sunday Dirt-track League.
During World War II, most speedway racing had ended but Rye House managed to promote several. 1940 saw 'Dick Case's Speedway' run six meetings and another fourteen in 1942.
After the war ended, Case continued to run a training school at Rye House. He also owned the local public house that was next door to the track.

</doc>
<doc id="19545815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545815" title="Boissevain (disambiguation)">
Boissevain (disambiguation)

Boissevain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19545820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545820" title="Michele Morganella">
Michele Morganella

Michele Morganella (born 25 April 1986) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as midfielder for FC Sion in the Swiss Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="19545839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545839" title="Miyata 310">
Miyata 310

Components.
The components used on the 310 varied throughout its several years of production, but certain elements were consistent through.

</doc>
<doc id="19545854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545854" title="Youth Parliament of Pakistan">
Youth Parliament of Pakistan

Youth Parliament Pakistan is a project launched in 2007 by the "PILDAT" to engage youth in Pakistan in healthy discourse and expose them to the democratic process and practices. Members of Youth Parliament Pakistan are selected for duration of a year at a time. The first batch of Youth Parliament Pakistan was selected in 2007 and from thereon, Youth Parliament has had three batches so far including "2007 batch", "2008-09 batch" and "2009-10 batch".
Establishment and facilitation of the Youth Parliament Pakistan is part of PILDAT's focus on youth in the country and youth's awareness education and training in the norms of politics and democracy in the country. PILDAT strongly feels that sustainable democracy and the sustainability of sound democratic institutions in Pakistan is not possible without youth's involvement in the democratic and political process even if this involvement is simply as a citizen or voter.
The Youth Parliament Pakistan project is currently supported by the Royal Danish Embassy, Islamabad in recognition of the importance of young people's involvement in democracy and democratic practices in Pakistan.
Objectives.
The specific objectives of Youth Parliament Pakistan are to educate Pakistani Youth about politics and democracy and to demonstrate to them how parliaments are able:
In addition Youth parliament Pakistan serves as a useful forum to voice views of the Youth about a range of national and international issues. The debates in the Youth Parliament Pakistan are meant to not only help the young members in their personal development as a useful citizen, these also serve the purpose of articulating views of the youth on vital issues facing the nation and conveying these to the Government.
Key Features of the Youth Parliament Pakistan.
As a model Parliament for young people, the Youth Parliament Pakistan is patterned after the National Assembly of Pakistan although its membership is smaller than that of the National Assembly. Wherever possible, the Youth Parliament of Pakistan follows the rules of procedures as close to the National Assembly of Pakistan as practical. However, practices from other Parliaments are also adopted to expose Pakistani Youth to comparative parliamentary practices.
Membership.
The total membership of Youth Parliament is 60. The breakdown of membership is as follows: 
The breakdown of the membership is as follows:
Youth Parliament Pakistan 2012 Office Bearers.
01: Mr. Muhammad Hashim Azeem (YP33-PUNJAB13), Youth Prime Minister / Leader of the House
02: Ms. Sarah Abdul Wadood Khan (YP19-KPK06), Youth Parliament Deputy Speaker
03: Mr. Fahad Mazhar Ali (YP15-KPK02), Youth Leader of the Opposition (Session I to Session III)
04: Mr. Tabraiz Sadiq Marri (YP58-SINDH10), Youth Leader of the Opposition (Session IV to Session V)
05: Mr. Muhammad Zafar Siddique (YP39-PUNJAB19), Youth Minister for Finance, Planning Affairs and Economics
06: Ms. Shaheera Jalil Albasit (YP56-SINDH08), Youth Minister for Foreign Affairs and Defence
07: Mr. Muhammad Usama Riaz (YP37-PUNJAB17), Youth Minister for Information
08: Mr. Gohar Zaman (YP25-PUNJAB05), Youth Minister for Information Technology and Telecommunication
08: Mr. Amir Khan Kichi (YP30-PUNJAB10), Youth Minister for Interior, Kashmir Affairs, Gilgit-Baltistan and FATA
09: Mr. Muhammad Umar Riaz (YP36-PUNJAB16), Youth Minister for Law, Parliamentary Affairs and Human Rights
10: Mr. Yasir Riaz (YP12-ICT02), Youth Shadow Minister for Finance, Planning Affairs and Economics
11: Mr. Hunain Ali Quadri (YP49-SINDH01), Youth Shadow Minister for Foreign Affairs and Defence
12: Mr. Muhammad Haseeb Ahsen (YP51-SINDH03), Youth Shadow Minister for Information
13: Mr. Naveed Hassan (YP41-PUNJAB21), Youth Shadow Minister for Information Technology and Telecommunication
14: Mr. Jamal Naseer Jamaee (YP50-SINDH02), Youth Shadow Minister for Interior, Kashmir Affairs, Gilgit-Baltistan and FATA
15: Mr. Syed Shan Haider (YP20-KPK07), Youth Shadow Minister for Law, Parliamentary Affairs and Human Rights
16: Ms. Elia Naourz Ali (YP03-BALOCHISTAN01), Youth Chief Whip (Blue party)
17: Ms. Mehreen Syeda (YP29-PUNJAB09), Youth Chief Whip (Green Party)
18: Mr. Ali Raza (YP14-KPK01), Youth Secretary General (Blue Party)
19: Mr. Muhammad Hammad Malik (YP16-KPK03), Youth General Secretary (Green Party), Chairperson Youth Parliament Special Committee on Energy Issues
20: Ms. Yusraa Faaruq (YP13-ICT03), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Finance, Planning Affairs and Economics
21: Mr. Muhammad Taimoor Shah (YP35-PUNJAB15), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs and Defence
22: Ms. Sahar Iqbal (YP35-PUNJAB15), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Information
23: Mr. Omair Najam (YP52-SINDH04), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Information Technology and Telecommunication
24: Mr. Touseef Ahmed Abbasi (YP02-AJK02), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Interior, Kashmir Affairs, Gilgit-Baltistan and FATA
25: Mr. Salman Khan Shinwari (YP18-KPK05), Chairperson Youth Parliament Standing Committee on Law, Parliamentary Affairs and Human Rights
26: Mr. Najeeb Abid Baloch (YP05-BALOCHISTAN03,) Chairperson Youth Parliament Special Committee on Balochistan Issues.
Rules of Procedures and Conduct of Business in the Youth Parliament
The Youth Parliament Pakistan Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business are specially drafted learning from the National Assembly of Pakistan Rules and from other Youth Parliaments around the World. Rules of Procedures and Manual of Youth Parliament Pakistan are provided to new members at the time of Orientation after their selection.
Subsistence allowance.
There is a limited travel and subsistence allowance for members to attend the sessions of the Youth Parliament.
Youth Parliament Cabinet 
Youth Parliament Pakistan elects a six member cabinet and a shadow cabinet along with six Standing Committees and a Business Advisory Committee.
Patron, Youth Parliament Pakistan. 
Honourable Mr. Faisal Karim Kundi, Deputy Speaker National Assembly of Pakistan is the Patron of Youth Parliament Pakistan.
Secretariat of the Youth Parliament 
As the project implementer, PILDAT is the Secretariat of the Youth Parliament.
Members’ Political Affiliation 
There is no bar on the actual political affiliation of the members. Youth Parliament Pakistan has two mock political parties: the Blue Party (Liberal) and the Green Party (Traditional) and members are asked to join either one of the political parties for the purpose of Youth Parliament. Joining one of the parties is obligatory for members. The party with majority of members forms the Youth Government. 
Minimum Work Days 
The Youth Parliament Pakistan meets for at least 30 days at five sessions in a year.
Venue.
Sessions of the Youth Parliament Pakistan are held at Islamabad.

</doc>
<doc id="19545876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545876" title="Zierer (surname)">
Zierer (surname)

Zierer, Ziehrer are German language surname:
Ziehrer.
Ziehrer:

</doc>
<doc id="19545884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545884" title="Mount Lawn Speedway">
Mount Lawn Speedway

Mt Lawn Speedway is a 3/10 mile Asphalt egg-shaped oval track located in Greensboro, Henry County, Indiana.
History.
Mt. Lawn Speedway was founded in 1935 by Dr. George W. Sweigart, a dentist and a former mayor for the town of Hartford City, Indiana. At the time of the tracks opening it was a one-fifth mile pear-shaped dirt oval. Also constructed during the early years of the track were a dance hall, a swimming pool, as well as summer cabins for vacationers. The dance hall played host to two the most influential big band musicians of the era, The Dorsey Brothers and Sammy Kaye. However in 1939 a fire caused by an overheated exhaust fan in the orchestra pit led to the dance halls first demise. When the hall was rebuilt, a second fire caused by a coal-powered fireplace led to the dancehalls second, and ultimately final demise.
In 1940 Sweigart closed the track down and it appeared that racing in Henry County was over. However later that year a local promoter named Dutch Hertz visited the area looking for a lighting system for a track that he was constructing known as the Muncie Vellodrome located in Muncie, Indiana. When he noticed the layout of the land he mentioned to Sweigart " Why don't you start a track here"? When Sweigart replied that the land had indeed been a race track before, Hertz convinced Sweigart to reopen the track. In 1941 he hired a local farmer to retill the land as Sweigart and local residents rebuilt the track. However, later that summer the dirt surface of the track had worn down and it was decided that a new surface would be needed. So Sweigart hired a crew from the area and the first concrete surface was laid on the track. This paving would be followed by three repavings in asphalt in 1947, 1967, and finally in 1971.
The Big Four.
There are four big events that are currently ran at The Mt. Lawn Speedway. The May 5-0, which is held the day before the Indianapolis 500, The Raintree 100 which is a 100-lap Late Model stock car event, The Founders Day 100, a 100-lap Thunder Car Division race, and finally the Stock Car Extravaganza, which is a 2-day event. The Extravaganza lineup can change from year to year.
Divisions.
Currently there are 3 Weekly Divisions at Mt. Lawn Speedway.
The Late Model Division is the Premier weekly division.
The frame for this division is a General Motors 1978 to 1987; "G" body, 108.1", metric frame.
However, cars may be powered by any engine brand. The cars must run complete late model bodies, including roof, that resemble a stock make and model. The "current" Late Model Division made its debut on May 13, 2000. Six cars were at the track on opening night. Today the division typically has twenty or more cars on hand each week.
The Thundercar Division is the Intermediate weekly division at Mt. Lawn Speedway.
Thundercars are mostly stock, with a few after-market racing components allowed. Any rear-wheel-drive full-sized car with a wheelbase of not less than 108 inches is eligible to compete in the Thundercar Division.
The Hornet Division is the Beginner weekly division. Hornets are a strictly stock class. Four or six-cylinder cars are eligible to compete. Four-cylinder cars may be front- or rear-wheel drive. Six-cylinder cars can be front-wheel drive only. The wheelbase, no matter the drive train, must be between 92" and 108".

</doc>
<doc id="19545905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545905" title="Aundra Thompson">
Aundra Thompson

Aundra Thompson (born January 2, 1953 in Dallas, Texas) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fifth round of the 1976 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas A&M-Commerce.
Thompson also played for the San Diego Chargers, New Orleans Saints, and Baltimore Colts.

</doc>
<doc id="19545940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545940" title="Chao (currency)">
Chao (currency)

It was this money that was described by Rustichello in his account of the travels of the Venetian Marco Polo.
Ilkhanate.
Later in 1294, in order to control the treasury, Gaykhatu of the Ilkhanate in Persia attempted to introduce paper money in his empire, which imitated the Chao issued by the Yuan Dynasty so closely that they even had Chinese words printed on them. However, the experiment was proved to be a complete failure, and he was assassinated shortly after that.

</doc>
<doc id="19545975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545975" title="Grade I listed buildings in County Durham">
Grade I listed buildings in County Durham

There are over 6000 Grade I listed buildings in England. This page is a list of these buildings in the county of Durham, sub-divided by unitary authority.

</doc>
<doc id="19545978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545978" title="Joe Wallis">
Joe Wallis

Harold Joseph Wallis is a retired American outfielder who spent five seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Chicago Cubs (1975–1978) and Oakland Athletics (1978–1979). He was nicknamed Tarzan because of his penchant for cliff diving.
On September 24, 1975, while playing for the Cubs, Wallis broke up Tom Seaver's bid for a no-hitter with two outs in the 9th inning of a game against the New York Mets. The Cubs went on to win the game in 11 innings.
On June 15, , Wallis was traded twice on the same day. First, the Cubs traded him to the Cleveland Indians for outfielder Mike Vail. Then the Indians sent him on to the Oakland Athletics for catcher/outfielder Gary Alexander. Wallis finished his major league career with Oakland the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="19545988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19545988" title="L'Orange">
L'Orange

"L'Orange" is a 1964 song recorded by French singer and songwriter Gilbert Bécaud. It was covered in 2003 by the contestants of the French third version of the TV reality show Star Academy, and achieved a great success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), where it topped the chart for several weeks. In January 2004, thanks to the cover version, the original one by Gilbert Bécaud was charted for five weeks on the French Singles Chart, but peaked only at #89.
The B-side of the CD single is "Wot!", a cover version of Captain Sensible's 1980s hit. 
In the video, the participants of the Star Academy 3 perform the song in a market, and Michal, the finalist, is accused of having robbed an orange.

</doc>
<doc id="19546029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546029" title="Nos Halah">
Nos Halah

Nos Halah () is an album by Syrian singer Asalah Nasri. It was released September 27, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19546038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546038" title="Huize County">
Huize County

Huize County () is a county-level city, under the jurisdiction of Qujing City, Yunnan province, People's Republic of China.
Demography.
The city has grown considerably over the past 20 years. It has 871,200 inhabitants.
Geography.
It is from the center of Qujing.
Huize is located between mountains with rice fields at one side and a large earth dam to the south. Some of the mountain areas are blasted for construction materials.
Economy.
There are several food markets, temples, shops and bars in the county center.

</doc>
<doc id="19546047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546047" title="Ctenosaura acanthura">
Ctenosaura acanthura

Ctenosaura acanthura, commonly known as the northeastern spinytail iguana, is a species of iguanid lizard native to Mexico. 
Taxonomy.
The northeastern spinytail iguana was first described by British zoologist George Shaw in 1802. The generic name, "Ctenosaura", is derived from two Greek words: "ctenos" (Κτενός), meaning "comb" (referring to the comblike spines on the lizard's back and tail), and "saura" (σαύρα), meaning "lizard". Its specific name is the Greek word "akanthos" (Ἄκανθος), meaning "thorn".
Description.
Northeastern spinytail iguanas have distinctive keeled scales on their long tails, which give them their common name. The males are capable of growing up to in total length and females slightly shorter at . They have a crest of long spines which extends down the center of the back. Their base color is black with white or cream-colored markings.
Diet and behavior.
Northeastern spinytail iguanas are excellent climbers, and prefer a rocky habitat with plenty of crevices to hide in, rocks to bask on, and nearby trees to climb. They are diurnal and fast moving, employing their speed to escape predators but will lash with their tails and bite if cornered.
They are primarily herbivorous, eating flowers, leaves, stems, and fruit, but they will opportunistically eat smaller animals, eggs, and arthropods. Juveniles tend to be insectivores becoming more herbivorous as they get older.
Distribution.
This species may commonly be found around areas of human habitation. These large lizards range from central Tamaulipas to the Isthmus of Tehuantepec between the Mexican states of Veracruz and Oaxaca.
Reproduction.
Mating generally occurs in the spring. A male shows dominance and interest by head bobbing, eventually chasing the female until he can catch her and subdue her. Within eight to ten weeks, the female will dig a nest and lay clutches of up to 24 eggs. The eggs hatch in 90 days with the babies digging their way out of the sand. These juveniles are typically green with brown markings, although all brown hatchlings have been recorded as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19546063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546063" title="Chaffin">
Chaffin

Chaffin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19546137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546137" title="Light in the Attic Records">
Light in the Attic Records

Light In The Attic Records is an independent record label established in 2002 in Seattle, Washington by Matt Sullivan, known for its roster of reissue projects, and for its distribution catalog. As reissue label, Light In The Attic has re-released works by artists such as Betty Davis, Serge Gainsbourg, Jim Sullivan, Jane Birkin, The Free Design, and many more. The record label has also released albums by contemporary bands like The Black Angels and Nicole Willis and The Soul Investigators.
History.
Already in highschool, Sullivan was interested in starting his own label. "I always wanted my own label," Sullivan told The Stranger in 2006, "but it was always the wrong time." 
After high school and college at the University of Arizona, Sullivan interned for Seattle, Washington-based record labels like Sub Pop and the now-defunct Loosegroove Records. Susie Tennant, Sub Pop’s then radio-promotions director, offered Sullivan a chance to intern with Madrid, Spain-based record label, Munster Records. Munster Records focused primarily on reissues of bands like The Stooges and Spaceman 3, inspiring Sullivan to begin rethinking his own concept behind the still active idea of starting a record label. 
Upon Sullivan’s return to the states he began producing live shows in the Seattle area including performances by performers like Saul Williams, Clinic, and Kid Koala under the name Light In The Attic. With a stronger interest in the production of records, Sullivan returned to his original idea of a reissue label.
Major projects were, among others:
Imprints.
cinewax.
In 2010, Light In The Attic announced their first imprint, cinewax, for vintage and contemporary film. The imprint has released the "Winter's Bone Original Soundtrack", "Winter's Bone Original Score" by Dickon Hinchcliffe, the "Project Nim Original Soundtrack" also by Dickon Hinchcliffe, and Jennifer Maas' "Wheedle's Groove" film.
Modern Classic Recordings.
Light In The Attic's second imprint, Modern Classic Recordings started in 2011. The imprints first release, Mercury Revs' "Deserter's Songs" was released in November 2011. Their second release, Morphine's "Cure For Pain" will follow in 2012.
Retail/Distribution.
As well as their own products, Light In The Attic distribute a large portfolio of smaller American and hard-to-find international labels. Light In The Attic currently distributes: "Cultures of Soul", "Delmore Recordings", "Favorite Recordings", "Flat Field Records", "Heavenly Sweetness", "Heavy Light", "Hot Casa", "Kindred Spirits", "Lion Productions", "Masstropicas", "Medical Records", "Now Again", "Paradise of Bachelors", "Regenerator Records", Rhino Handmade, "Secret Seven", "Secret Stash", "Strawberry Rain", "Timmion", Trikont, "Vadim Music", "Votary Disk/Roundtable" and "Golden Pavilion"

</doc>
<doc id="19546139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546139" title="Hong Nan-pa">
Hong Nan-pa

Hong Nan-pa (April 10, 1897 – August 30, 1941) was a Korean composer, violinist, conductor, music critic and educator. He is best known as the composer of "Bongseonhwa" (봉선화, literally Garden Balsam) written in 1919. It is generally considered as the first true Korean original song composed in Western style. It was widely sung during the period. Hong also contributed to developing Korean culture during the period with his diverse cultural activities.
Biography.
Hong Nan-pa was born at Hwalcho Village of Namyang Township in present Hwangseong County, Gyeonggi on April 10, 1897. He was the second son to his father, Hong Sun (홍순) of the native Hong Clan to Namyoung (南陽) and his mother from Lee Clan of Jeonju, Jeolla. He had one brother and two sisters. Nan-pa is his "ho", or pen name, but his given name is Hong Yeong-hu. His family moved to Seoul when he was still a young child. As he lived near the Ewha Academy (이화학당) located in the neighborhood of Jeong-dong, he attended Jeongdong Methodist Church and got access to hymn, a Western music.
He learned basic Confucian studies at a local "seodang" (a kind of elementary school) and entered a middle school in 1910 which was affiliated with the Hwangseong Young Men's Christian Association (황성기독교청년회, Korean YMCA). Since then, he had a violin and received music lessons. At the age of fifteen, Hong was admitted to the Western music department of Korean Court Music Study Institute (조선정악전습소 "Joseon Jeongak Jeonseupso") that was the only music school in Korea at that time. He studied vocal music and violin from Kim In-sik (김인식). After the graduation, he was hired as an assistant teacher at the school. 
In 1918, he went to Japan to enter Tokyo Music School in Ueno but returned to Korea to participate in the March 1st Movement as temporarily absent from the school. One year after the movement, he went back to Japan. However, Hong was rejected to continue his study at the school because of his involvement in the independent movement, so that he came back to Korea in despair. During his stay in Japan, he published the first Korean music magazine titled "Samgwang" (삼광, literally "Three Light"). After his return, he worked as a news report for Maeil Sinbunsa, and even attended Severance Medical School which became later the medical department of Yonsei University. 
In April, 1920, Hong included the score of "Aesu" (애수, literally "sorrow"), a violin piece on the end pages of his short novel "Cheonyeohon" (lit. "a maiden's soul). He asked Kim Hyeong-jun for lyric for the tune whose song is "Bongseonhwa" (봉선화). In 1922, Hong made efforts to promote music while he participated in Yeongakhoe (연악회, Music Research Society) established by Gyeongsang Akuhoe (경상악우회 Gyeongsang Music Friend Society)'s lead. In 1925, he had the first solo violin recital as a Korean and published "Eumakgye" (음악계, Music World), the first music magazine published in Korea. Hong also wrote "Eumakmanpil" (음악만필, Music Essay) in "Changjo". In 1926, as Hong entered Kunitachi College of Music as a transfer student, he was accepted to play first violin at Tokyo Symphony Orchestra (current NHK Symphony Orchestra). After graduation in 1929, he returned to Korea and published the first volume of "100 pieces of Joseon Children's song" (조선동요 100곡집) through Yeongakhoe.

</doc>
<doc id="19546165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546165" title="Isle of Man Water and Sewerage Authority">
Isle of Man Water and Sewerage Authority

The Isle of Man Water and Sewerage Authority (Manx: "Lught-reill Ushtey as Sornaigys Ellan Vannin") is the Statutory Board responsible for water supply and sewage disposal in the Isle of Man. It was formed in 1972 as the 'Isle of Man Water Authority' by the merger of the Isle of Man Water Board and the Water Department of Douglas Corporation. In 1974 it took over the gas production and distribution functions of the Isle of Man Gas Authority, and was renamed the 'Isle of Man Water and Gas Authority'. In 1985 the gas undertaking was privatised, and the Authority reverted to its original title. It was renamed the 'Isle of Man Water and Sewerage Authority' in 2010, taking over the sewerage responsibilities of the former Department of Transport.
Distribution system.
The water supply system starts with ten impounding reservoirs located in the uplands of the Isle of Man, the first of which was constructed in 1875, and the most recent, Sulby Reservoir, in 1982. Together they hold thousands of millions of gallons.
Water is then distributed via gravity through of large diameter mains to one of the treatment plants, either at Sulby (opened in October 2005) or Douglas (opened in February 2008).
From the treatment centres, the water then flows to 33 underground service reservoirs. Gravity or one of thirteen pumping stations then take the water to its end-users. There are over of treated water mains.

</doc>
<doc id="19546191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546191" title="Virgil Livers">
Virgil Livers

Virgil Chester Livers, Jr. (born March 26, 1952 in Fairfield, Kentucky) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fourth round of the 1975 NFL Draft. He played college football at Western Kentucky.
Livers has been an assistant principal at Bowling Green High School since 1998.
Livers is known for a testicle injury during his NFL career with the Chicago Bears, and there are a number of articles on football injuries and the importance of wearing cups that reference his injury, and some that go into excruciating detail.

</doc>
<doc id="19546206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546206" title="Pinemat manzanita">
Pinemat manzanita

Pinemat manzanita may refer to either of two species of the plant genus "Arctostaphylos":

</doc>
<doc id="19546216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546216" title="Grammy Award for Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album">
Grammy Award for Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album

The Grammy Award for Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album was an honor presented to recording artists at the 50th, 51st, 52nd and 53rd Grammy Awards (2008–2011) for quality zydeco or cajun music albums. The Grammy Awards, an annual ceremony that was established in 1958 and originally called the Gramophone Awards, are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences of the United States to "honor artistic achievement, technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry, without regard to album sales or chart position".
Beginning in 2001, advocates began lobbying for a Grammy category specifically for cajun and zydeco music. Award recipients, in chronological order, included Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience, BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet, Buckwheat Zydeco, and Chubby Carrier and the Bayou Swamp Band; no artist received the award more than once. Awards were presented to the engineers, mixers, and/or producers in addition to the performing artists. The group Pine Leaf Boys holds the record for the most nominations, with four. Though nominated each year the honor was presented, the group failed to receive an award. Doucet and Cedric Watson each received three nominations. 2009 marked the only year in which a musician received more than one nomination as well as the only time two artists were nominated for works appearing on the same album—Doucet was nominated as a member of BeauSoleil for "Live at the 2008 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival" as well as for his solo album "From Now On", and Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys were also nominated for their contribution to the "New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival" compilation album. Many nominated artists were from Louisiana, specifically Lafayette.
In 2011, the Academy announced the retirement of the award category. Beginning in 2012, zydeco or cajun recordings will be eligible for the Best Regional Roots Music Album category.
Background.
According to Cody Daigle of "The Daily Advertiser", advocates lobbied for nearly seven years in an attempt to create a Grammy category specifically for zydeco and cajun music. The effort was led by musician Terrance Simien, along with his wife and manager Cynthia. Mitch Landrieu, Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana at the time, also supported the effort. Cynthia, a trustee of the Memphis chapter of the Recording Academy, claimed hundreds of dollars and hours were invested in the lobbying effort she described as an "uphill battle". Prior to the Best Zydeco or Cajun Music category, works in the genre competed in the Best Contemporary Folk Album or Best Traditional Folk Album categories.
Recipients.
For the 50th Grammy Awards (2008), Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album nominees included Geno Delafose & French Rockin' Boogie for "Le Cowboy Creole", Lisa Haley for "King Cake", The Lost Bayou Ramblers for "Live: Á La Blue Moon", the French language cajun band Pine Leaf Boys for their second album "Blues de Musicien", Racines for "Racines", Roddie Romero and the Hub City All-Stars for "The La Louisianne Sessions", and Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience for "Live! Worldwide". Of the seven nominees, only one was based outside Lafayette, Louisiana. "Le Cowboy Creole", Delafose's fifth album, contained cover versions of Chuck Berry's "Promised Land", the Commodores' "Easy", The Everly Brothers' "When Will I Be Loved", Ronnie Milsap's "(There's) No Gettin' Over Me", and Van Morrison's "Domino". "Blues de Musician" included a French adaptation of the country music song "The Wild Side of Life". "Live! Worldwide" contained recordings of live performances from around the world during Simien's 25-year career, including "The Star-Spangled Banner" and traditional songs such as "Zydeco Boogaloo" and Boozoo Chavis' "Uncle Bud". Simien and the Zydeco Experience performed as the opening act to the pre-telecast for the 50th Grammy Awards ceremony. The award was presented to Terrance Simien and the Zydeco Experience, members of which included Jose Alvarez, Ralph Fontenot, Keith Sonnier, William Terry, and Danny Williams. Joshua Murrell was also recognized as the engineer and producer of the album. Simien was described as "exuberant" during his acceptance speech in which he acknowledged the five other nominees. Simien and his band were also honored by "Billboard", which ranked their live performance in support of the album as one of the top ten acts of the year.
2009 nominees included BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet for "Live at the 2008 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival", Michael Doucet for "From Now On", Pine Leaf Boys for "Homage Au Passé", Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys for "Live at the 2008 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival", and Cedric Watson for "Cedric Watson". Doucet, the founder, lead singer and fiddler of BeauSoleil, is the only artist to receive more than one nomination for Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album within the same year. According to Doucet, "From Now On" was recorded "live in three sessions with no rehearsals, overdubs, or song lists." The album contains original tracks, covers by Hoagy Carmichael and Allen Toussaint, and standards such as "St. Louis Blues" and "You Gotta Move". The award was presented to BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet. Recipients included Doucet, band members Tommy Alesi, Jimmy Breaux, David Doucet, Mitchell Reed, Billy Ware, and Ben Williams, along with Eli Kelly and Woods Drinkwater as engineers. BeauSoleil's set was recorded in April 2008 and released with the group's approval without further involvement. According to Michael Doucet, the album "was on iTunes, and then all of a sudden it was nominated for a Grammy."
Nominees for the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010 included BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet for "Alligator Purse", Buckwheat Zydeco (stage name for Stanley Dural, Jr.) for "Lay Your Burden Down", The Magnolia Sisters for "Stripped Down", Pine Leaf Boys for "Live at 2009 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival", and Cedric Watson et Bijou Créole for "L'Ésprit Créole". "Alligator Purse" included guest appearances by Garth Hudson of The Band, Natalie Merchant of 10,000 Maniacs, Roswell Rudd, and John Sebastian of The Lovin' Spoonful. "Lay Your Burden Down" reunited Dural with producer Steve Berlin and contained versions of Captain Beefheart's "Too Much Time", Jimmy Cliff's "Let Your Yeah Be Yeah", Gov't Mule's "Lay Your Burden Down", Memphis Minnie's "When the Levee Breaks", and Bruce Springsteen's "Back in Your Arms". Members of The Magnolia Sisters, an all-female cajun group of multi-instrumentalists, included Anya Burgess, Ann Savoy, Lisa Trahan and Jane Vidrine. The award was presented to Buckwheat Zydeco, members of which included Reginald Dural, Stanley "Buckwheat" Dural, Michael Melchione, Kevin Menard, Olivier Scoazec, Curtis Watson, and Lee Allen Zeno. David Farrell and Steven Maxwell Berlin were also honored as the engineer/mixer and producer of the album, respectively.
For the 53rd Grammy Awards (2011), the nominees were Chubby Carrier and the Bayou Swamp Band for "Zydeco Junkie", Feufollet for "En Couleurs", D. L. Menard for "Happy Go Lucky", the Pine Leaf Boys for "Back Home", and Cedric Watson et Bijou Créole for "Creole Moon: Live at the Blue Moon Saloon". 2011 marked the fourth consecutive nomination for the Pine Leaf Boys. Group member Wilson Savoy was unable to attend the award ceremony, but admitted the nominations have "acted as vindication" of their "new-traditionalist sound". "Zydeco Junkie", released through Carrier's own record label Swampadelic Records, featured his "trademark party songs" and an "accordion-flavored" cover of "Movin' On Up", the theme song for the television series "The Jeffersons". Geno Delafose and Jamie Bergeron made guest appearances on the album. The award was presented to Chubby Carrier and the Bayou Swamp Band.
Category retirement.
In 2011, the category Best Zydeco or Cajun Music Album was eliminated along with thirty others due to a major overhaul by the Recording Academy. Four additional categories in the American Roots Music field were eliminated (Best Contemporary Folk Album, Best Hawaiian Music Album, Best Native American Music Album, Best Traditional Folk Album). Zydeco and cajun works will now be eligible for the Best Regional Roots Music Album category. Chubby Carrier was reportedly "broken-hearted" by the news, and concerned that the category's elimination would not give the music genre the attention deserved. Carrier stated: "This category inspired musicians to fight for the music. It strengthened us. I'd say to all the young zydeco musicians out there; don't give up this fight." Simien also expressed sadness and called the elimination "a disappointment for local music". Showing signs of optimism, Terrance Simien said: "The category might be gone today, but we'll get it back."

</doc>
<doc id="19546223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546223" title="Franck Mesnel">
Franck Mesnel

Franck Mesnel (born 30 June 1961, Neuilly-sur-Seine) is a former French rugby union footballer. He played as a fly-half and as a centre. He is the founder of the French rugby and leisure clothing brand Eden Park.
The company was founded in 1987 and is named after the stadium in New Zealand where that year France lost the first rugby union World Cup final.
Mesnel played for Saint-Germain-en-Laye (1980/81-1985/86) and for Racing Club de France (1986/87-1996/97). He won the title of the French Top 14, in 1990, and finished second in 1987.
He had 56 caps for France, from 1986 to 1995, scoring eight tries and three drop goals, 41 points in aggregate. He won the Five Nations four times, first with a Grand Slam, in 1987, then in 1988, tied with Wales, 1989 and 1993. Mesnel also played in three Rugby World Cup finals, in 1987, being vice-champion, 1991 and 1995, always without scoring. He also played for the English invitational team, the Barbarian F.C., alongside fellow French international Jean-Baptiste Lafond.
After ending his player career, he became a sports commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="19546284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546284" title="Virginijus Baltušnikas">
Virginijus Baltušnikas

Baltušnikas made 42 appearances for the Lithuania national football team, scoring nine goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19546300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546300" title="Cape Valdivia">
Cape Valdivia

Cape Valdivia (Norwegian: Kapp Valdivia) is the northernmost point on Bouvet Island, a subantarctic island administered by Norway. It lies in the centre of the island's north coast, immediately to the north of Olav Peak, the island's highest point. To the west lies Cape Circoncision, from which Cape Valdivia is separated by a five kilometre stretch of coastline known as the Morgenstiern Coast.
The cape derives its name from the German survey ship "Valdivia", which fixed the position of Bouvet island in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="19546305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546305" title="Ji Yun-Nam">
Ji Yun-Nam

Ji Yun-Nam (; born 20 November 1976 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean international association football player, who currently plays for April 25 in the DPR Korea League.
International career.
Ji has appeared for the Korea DPR national football team in eight FIFA World Cup qualifying matches. Primarily a center midfield, Ji plays left-back for the national team. 
On 15 June 2010, he scored against Brazil in the 2010 FIFA World Cup group stage encounter between the highest ranked and the lowest ranked qualified teams at the finals. Brazil ended up winning the game 2–1.
Following the Brazil / Korea DPR game, players exchanged shirts and, much to the admiration of the South Korean media, Ji revealed a lean and muscular physique. This generated the affectionate nickname "The Peoples' Six-pack".

</doc>
<doc id="19546380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546380" title="Market integration">
Market integration

Market integration occurs when prices among different locations or related goods follow similar patterns over a long period of time. Group of prices often move proportionally to each other and when this relation is very clear among different markets it is said that the markets are integrated. Thus market integration is an indicator that explains how much different markets are related to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="19546440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546440" title="Mountain bike orienteering">
Mountain bike orienteering

Mountain bike orienteering (MTB-O or MTBO) is an orienteering endurance racing sport on a mountain bike where navigation is done along trails and tracks. Compared to foot orienteering, competitors usually are not permitted to leave the trail and track network. Navigation tactics are similar to ski-orienteering, where the major focus is route choice while navigating. The main difference compared to ski-orienteering is that navigation is done at a higher pace, because the bike can reach higher speeds. As the biker reaches higher speeds, map reading becomes more challenging.
Equipment.
Preferred bike type is a robust mountain bike meant for cross-country cycling, but any type of bike can be used. Depending on terrain type either hard tailed or full suspension mountain bikes are more appropriate. Clipless pedals with a special cycling shoe are mostly used by elite bikers to maximize power transfer and efficiency. Bicycle helmets are usually a requirement in competitions. 
Special equipment.
A map holder attached to the handlebar of the bike is an essential piece of equipment in mountain bike orienteering, and most holders allow the map to be rotated. Known brands for map holders are Miry, Devotech, Nordenmark, Autopilot and Windchill. Many riders also use some type of a cord with a spring-loaded mechanism to draw the cord back after use for their electronic timing chips/cards. Compasses may be used but electronic navigational aids (such as GPS-based watches) are not permitted. Competitors may carry repair tools and spare parts during races.
Map.
Maps are usually smaller scale (1:10 000 – 1:30 000) and less detailed than standard orienteering maps. Trails and tracks are marked on mountain bike orienteering maps based on their riding difficulty, with four classifications: easy, slow, difficult and impossible to ride. Also, obstacles that require a dismount are usually marked on the map.
Organization and events.
MTB-O is one of four orienteering sports governed by the International Orienteering Federation. The first World Championship event was held i 2002 in Fontainebleau, France. Since 2004 the World Championships have been held annually. European Championships have been held annually since 2006. Mountain bike orienteering is most popular in European countries and Australia.
Mountain bike orienteers.
The most successful mountain bike orienteer is Mika Tervala, Finland who has taken ten World Championship and five European Championship medals. Other successful mountain bike orienteers are Päivi Tommola, Michaela Gigon, Ruslan Gritsan and Christine Schaffner.

</doc>
<doc id="19546451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546451" title="China national futsal team">
China national futsal team

The China national futsal team represents China in international futsal competitions and is controlled by Chinese Football Association. They have played in 3 FIFA Futsal World Championships.
Contents

</doc>
<doc id="19546454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546454" title="We Wait and We Wonder">
We Wait and We Wonder

"We Wait and We Wonder" is third and final single performed by Phil Collins from his 1993 album "Both Sides".
History.
The early 1990s saw a high scale of terrorism witnessed within Britain. This inspired Collins to write about how someone lives under such circumstances.
"To the outsider it seems that we in Britain live daily under the cloud of terrorism. That familiarity sometimes makes you think of it as almost normal, then suddenly something will happen..." - Sleeve note from the album.
The single didn't launch the album to the similar heights Collins' previous efforts had achieved. It enjoyed similar success to the previous singles from the album, reaching #45 on the U.K. Charts, but failing to chart in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. It was to be Collins' last single before the lead single of his next album "Dance into the Light" in 1996.
The B-side varied. It was either "Take Me with You", "For a Friend", "Hero" Or Stevies Blues ("There's a Place for Us" Instrumental). "Hero" itself originally appeared on David Crosby's album "Thousand Roads", with Phil singing backing vocals. The version from the "We Wait and We Wonder" single had Phil being the only one singing vocals.
The music video featured Collins and touring band members performing the song on the Both Sides stage set-up. The song is shortened down from the album length. The second song on the album, "Can't Turn Back the Years" featured the same set and idea for its video but did not receive an official single release.
As well as being performed during the entirety of the 1994–1995 tour promoting the album, "We Wait and We Wonder" was also performed as an encore/extra song during the 2005 leg of the First Final Farewell Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="19546482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546482" title="Lowbush cranberry">
Lowbush cranberry

Lowbush cranberry is a common name for several plants which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19546545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546545" title="Edwin Gaustad">
Edwin Gaustad

Edwin Scott Gaustad (November 14, 1923 – March 25, 2011) was a Professor of History at the University of California, Riverside. He achieved fame with his study of the genealogy of religion in the United States, "Historical atlas of religion in America". The 1972 edition of this work has been used in secular histories of Mainline Protestantism and the Emergent church movement (denominationalism) for decades. A graduate of Baylor University and Brown University, Gaustad dedicated his career to sharing his expansive research on religious history. Gaustad was President of the American Society of Church History. Gaustad died March 25, 2011 in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 87.
Beliefs.
Gaustad was a prolific writer that believed in the separation of church, and state education. However, he still thought that both were important, even saying that the Great Awakening not only helped religion, but also helped the thought process in America. He is quoted to have said that "Religion involves both the heart and the mind. Education, likewise, involves both the heart and the mind." He believed that education and religion were wonderful things—just not when one puts them together.
Baylor Influence.
Gaustad held a lifelong love for Baylor University and often taught there as a visiting professor. He was a humble, unassuming man who quickly found a place in his peers and pupil's hearts. When he died he left a book collection to Baylor that now holds over 2,700 books. Most of the books pertain to church history and American history. The collection is housed in the Moody Garden level and is available by appointment only.

</doc>
<doc id="19546547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546547" title="Tiwari (surname)">
Tiwari (surname)

Tiwari (Tewari, Tewary, Tiwary, Tewaree, Tiwaree,Tewarey) is a Hindu Brahmin surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19546556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546556" title="Rómulo Macció">
Rómulo Macció

Romulo Macció (born 1931) is an Argentine painter associated with the local avant-garde art movement that took shape in the 1960s.
Life and work.
Born in Buenos Aires, Romulo Macció developed an early interest in drawing, was self-taught and was hired as a graphic designer at the age of fourteen. Soon earning some renown, he mounted his first exhibition in Buenos Aires' Galeria Gatea in 1956. Macció's visually unabashed abstract art brought him to the attention of, among others, architect Clorindo Testa and he joined the Boa Group, one of a number of intellectual circles influencing local cultural life in those days. Awarded the prestigious De Ridder Prize in 1959 and the Torcuato di Tella Institute International Prize in 1962, his fame brought him close to other Argentine avant-garde artists, such as Luis Felipe Noé. He and Noé soon helped pioneer the Neo-figurative movement that swept Latin American art during the 1960s. A self-declared rebel against aesthetics in art, Macció described much of the genteel portrait and landscape art available at that time as "pink chocolate." Macció's tortured figures were often the dead or dying and were set against backdrops that suggested urban pollution and decay. Recently, his work has tended to center around social problems.
Macció continues to display his work in Argentine and European galleries and has had eight retrospective art books published since 1969. A number of his works are in the permanent collections of the National Museum of Fine Arts in Buenos Aires, the Blanton Museum of Art and the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19546575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546575" title="Mark Zusman">
Mark Zusman

Mark Zusman is the editor of "Willamette Week", an alt-weekly newspaper based in Portland, Oregon, and co-owner of City of Roses Newspaper Company, which publishes "Willamette Week".
Along with business partner Richard Meeker, Zusman also owns alt-weekly newspapers in Santa Fe, New Mexico, the "Santa Fe Reporter", and in the Triangle in North Carolina, the "Independent Weekly" (since renamed "Indy Week"). Zusman and Meeker acquired "Willamette Week" in 1982, and Zusman has been its editor since that time. In 2005, his paper became the first and only weekly newspaper to win the Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting and the first newspaper to win a Pulitzer for a story that was first published on the Web. In 1986, Zusman was awarded the Gerald Loeb award for Business Journalism for an article he wrote about Nike. Zusman has been the president of the board of the Independent Media Institute, based in San Francisco. He was elected to the board of the Washington D.C.-based Association of Alternative Newsweeklies (now the Association of Alternative Newsmedia) in 2005 and later served as its president. He serves as a judge for the Payne Award for Ethics in Journalism. He taught journalism at the University of Oregon and has lectured at the Academy of Alternative Journalism at the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University and the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University. He is also a former fellow of the East-West Center. Zusman and Meeker are also the founders of MusicfestNW, now the third largest indoor music festival in the United States, which takes place in the fall and which was cited by "Time Magazine" as one of the "50 Authentic American Experiences of 2009". He is also the founder of Candidates Gone Wild, a series of election debates that include irreverent videos and candidate quizzes. 
In 2013, Zusman was inducted into the University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication Hall of Achievement. 

</doc>
<doc id="19546588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546588" title="George Oakley Totten, Jr.">
George Oakley Totten, Jr.

George Oakley Totten, Jr. (December 5, 1866–1939), was one of Washington D.C.’s most prolific and skilled architects in the Gilded Age. His international training and interest in architectural decoration led to a career of continuous experimentation and stylistic eclecticism which is clearly evident in many of his works. The mansions he designed were located primarily on or near Dupont, Sheridan (including Embassy Row), and Kalorama circles and along 16th Street, N.W., near Meridian Hill. Most now serve as embassies, chanceries, or offices for national or international organizations, their important public or semi-public functions, combined with their urbanistically integrated close-in locations, make them particularly visible exemplars of Washington's peculiar mixture of turn-of-the-century political and social life. 
Biography.
Totten was born in New York City on December 5, 1866, a son of George Oakley and Mary Elizabeth (Styles) Totten. After receiving his early education at public schools in Newark, New Jersey and the Newark Technical School, he graduated from Columbia University with a Ph.B in 1891 and an A.M. in 1892. He was awarded Columbia's McKim travelling fellowship in 1893, and for the next two years studied at the "Ecole des Beaux Arts" and "Atelier Daumet-Esquie". He returned to the United States and in 1896, was appointed chief designer in the Office of the Supervising Architect, Department of the Treasury. He continued in that position until 1898, when he established an independent architectural practice in Washington D.C., which he continued until his demise. 
He was the architect for many public buildings in that city and drew plans for ten legations and embassy buildings, including the Turkish, Polish, Belgian, Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, and Danish legations, and the former French embassy. He was an advisor when the U.S. Capitol Building was remodelled. He also designed many private city and country dwellings in Washington, including a group of houses in the 2600 block of 16th Street, N.W., representing several styles of architecture. He also moved H. H. Richardson's 1885-88 Warder Mansion stone by stone from downtown Washington, DC to a site about 1.5 miles north, where it still stands.
He also designed homes in Vermont and New Jersey. He was architect for a number of government buildings including the post office at Waterbury, Connecticut and the $3 million post office and federal court building at Newark, New Jersey, that opened in 1934.
He was active in professional architecture related associations. From 1897 to 1939, he served as secretary and vice president of the American section of the permanent committee of the International Congress of Architects. During World War I, he served as a major with the Army Corps of Engineers. In 1926, he authored "Maya Architecture".
On August 22, 1921, he married noted sculptor and artist Vicken von Post of Stockholm, Sweden. They had two sons: George Oakley Totten III, Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Political Science
from the University of Southern California, and Gilbert von Post Totten. He died at Washington, D.C., on February 1, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="19546589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546589" title="Edgar Maxence">
Edgar Maxence

Edgar Maxence (; 1871–1954), was a French Symbolist painter.
Life.
He was taught by Elie Delaunay and Gustave Moreau at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He is a contemporary of Henri Evenepoel, Jules Flandrin, Albert Marquet, Henri Matisse, Léon Printemps, Georges Rouault and other notable alumni from this famous school. He exhibited in the Salon des Artistes Français from 1894 until 1939, and was active on the salon's committees and juries. Maxence combined highly trained technique with a taste for medieval and mythical subjects, and hermetic imagery, and he exhibited at the "Salon de la Rose+Croix" from 1895 to 1897.
In 1920 he painted the image of Our Lady on the vaulted ceiling of the choir in the Basilica of the Rosary in Lourdes. He also illustrated the book "Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc" (1945) by Jean-Joseph-Léonce Villepelet (bishop of Nantes 1936-1966).

</doc>
<doc id="19546606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546606" title="George M. Lowry">
George M. Lowry

George Maus Lowry (October 27, 1889 – 1981) served as a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy. He received the Medal of Honor for actions during the United States occupation of Veracruz, 1914.
Life.
Lowry was born in Erie, Pennsylvania on October 27, 1889, the son of Ricardo St. Phillip Lowry. After appointment to the United States Naval Academy, Lowry graduated on June 2, 1911. 
In 1913, he commanded the "" on a tour of the Great Lakes after the sunken ship was raised and reconstructed. 
He was married to Caroline Coleman, who died in 1979.
Service during United States occupation of Veracruz.
In 1914, Ensign Lowry took part in the United States occupation of Veracruz, 1914, where he led the First Company of armed Navy sailors (known as "Bluejackets") from the "." Tasked with capturing the city's Customs House, Lowry's company became pinned down by "murderous rifle and machine-gun fire." Deciding not to risk his entire company in a frontal attack, Lowry instead asked for volunteers to approach the Customs House from the side. Five men volunteered: Joseph G. Harner, Coxswain J. F. Schumaker, Boatswain's Mate Second Class George Cregan, and Seamen Harry C. Beasley and Lawrence C. Sinnett.
Lowry led the volunteers into a narrow alley, where they came under a cross fire from riflemen in the Customs Building and machine gunners in a nearby hotel. During this fighting, "A bullet clipped one of the buttons off Lowry's cap and another tore through his right legging, creasing the flesh. Beasley was slightly wounded, and Schumaker was shot through the head."
After his men were able to silence the machine gunners with return rifle fire, Lowry called for a corpsman to help Schumaker. Hospital Apprentice First Class William Zuiderveld ran down the alley and tried to stop the flow of blood from Schumaker's head, but was unable to do so. Schumaker soon died.
Once Zuiderveld carried Schumaker to the rear, Lowry and his surviving men worked their way up the alley and scaled the wall around the Custom's House. After Lowry and his men smashed through a window of the Customs House, the personnel inside surrendered. 
Several days later, Lowry returned to the scene and counted twelve bullet impacts on the wall where his men had climbed it.
Lowry, along with almost all of the men who volunteered for the attack, received the Medal of Honor for his actions.
Medal of Honor citation.
"Rank and organization:" Ensign, U.S. Navy. "Place and date:" Vera Cruz, Mexico, 21-April 22, 1914. "Entered service at:" Pennsylvania. "Birth:" Erie, Pa. G.O. No.: 177, December 4, 1915. 
Citation:
For distinguished conduct in battle, engagements of Vera Cruz, 21–22 April 1914; Ens. Lowry was in both days' fighting at the head of his company, and was eminent and conspicuous in his conduct, leading his men with skill and courage.
Later career.
During Lowry's later career, he commanded the , and . Prior to leaving the Navy in 1927, he also served in the Bureau of Navigation.
In 1940 Lowry rejoined the Navy and served as assistant operations officer in the 12th Naval District. After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Lowry served as "operations officer and as convoy and routing officer of the Western Sea Frontier during World War II."
In 1942 he was promoted to Captain, and to Rear Admiral in 1947.
Later life.
After the war, Lowry wrote several articles which were printed in the United States Naval Institute magazine "Proceedings", including "Exploits of the U-53," "The Clipperton Operations" and "L-16: Mystery No Longer." After his death in 1981, he was buried at sea per his previous request. There is currently a professorship in his honor at the Navy War College in Newport, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="19546631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546631" title="Grass River Provincial Park">
Grass River Provincial Park

Grass River Provincial Park is a 2,279 km2 provincial park in Northwestern Manitoba, Canada. Designated in 1963, the park is approximately 75 km north of The Pas and is centered on the Grass River. The southern part of the park includes portions of the dolomitic Manitoba Lowlands portion of the Interior Plains, while the northern portion includes part of the granitic Canadian Shield. The entire park shows evidence of glaciation.
During the 20th century a number of mines operated in the park, the last of which closed in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19546702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546702" title="Mother Records">
Mother Records

Mother Records was a record label founded by the band U2 in 1983 and distributed by parent Island Records. The intent was 'to unearth fresh musical talent in Éire (Republic of Ireland)'. As a supportive promotional platform, the label released several one-off single releases for The Hothouse Flowers, In Tua Nua and Cactus World News amongst others.
History.
The label was registered on 19 October 1983, and subsequently launched on 1 August 1984 by U2. Its debut single was In Tua Nua's "Coming Thru". In 1990, the label was reorganised into an independent record company. Debut artists for the revamped label were The Golden Horde, An Emotional Fish and Engine Alley. The Golden Horde's album released on Mother Records "The Golden Horde", was voted joint #1 record with U2's "Achtung Baby" in the prestigious Hot Press Music Awards of 1991. Engine Alley's debut album "A Sonic Holiday", produced by Steve Lillywhite, followed in 1992. Also at this time, The Sugarcubes joined the Mother label roster.
After leaving The Sugarcubes, Björk stayed with Mother for her solo releases "Debut", "Post", "Telegram", and "Homogenic". Other artists to join the label's roster were Longpigs, Gil Scott-Heron, Alicia Bridges, Tanita Tikaram, Lena Fiagbe, Audioweb, and Adam Clayton's and Larry Mullen's "Theme From Mission: Impossible".
In 1997, the U2 PopMart Mix of M's "Pop Muzik" was released for Mother Records and was under license to Island Records on U2 releases.
The label ceased operations in 2000. Yet according to the Irish Companies Registration Office (CRO) it was dissolved only on 14 October 2011 and was registered at their former accountant's former office.

</doc>
<doc id="19546741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546741" title="Vazhenkada Vijayan">
Vazhenkada Vijayan

Vazhenkada Vijayan is a senior Kathakali exponent and a retired principal of Kerala Kalamandalam, the performing art institute where he was trained in the classical dance-drama from Kerala in southern India.
A son and disciple of late Kathakali artiste Padma Shri Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair, Vijayan is noted for his roles in the categories of the virtuous pachcha, the anti-heroic Kathi and the semi-realistic minukku roles.
Vijayan won the Central Sangeet Natak Academy 2012 award for Kathakali.
A native of Vazhenkada in Malappuram district, he now lives in the Kathakali village of Vellinezhi in Palakkad district. His wife name is Rajalakshmi .

</doc>
<doc id="19546742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546742" title="Decagram (geometry)">
Decagram (geometry)

In geometry, a decagram is a 10-sided star polygon. There is one regular decagram star polygon, {10/3}, containing the vertices of a regular decagon, but connected by every third point.
Star figures.
There are two regular decagram star figures: {10/2} and {10/4}, connected by every second and every fourth point respectively.
Other decagrams.
An isotoxal decagram has two types of vertices at alternating radii, for example, this tripled-wrapped figure. This only has D5 symmetry.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19546769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546769" title="David Mazzoncini">
David Mazzoncini

David Mazzoncini (born 16 October 1971 in Bertrange) is a retired French football player who played as both a defender and a midfielder. Spending the majority of his career in France with FC Martigues, Le Havre AC, AS Cannes, SC Bastia and US Orléans, he also played in Qatar for Al-Sailiya and in Spain for Las Palmas.

</doc>
<doc id="19546866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546866" title="Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia">
Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia

__notoc__
Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia is a large comprehensive encyclopedia of animal life. It is named after its original editor in chief, Bernhard Grzimek ().
Originally the encyclopedia was published as a 13-volume set in German under the name "Grzimeks Tierleben" ("Grzimek's Animal Life") in 1967-1972; it was translated into English in 1972-75. The encyclopedia was an international collaboration by a large number of scientists including Theodor Haltenorth, Wolfgang Gewalt, Heinz-Georg Klös, Konrad Lorenz, Heinz Heck, Lutz Heck, Jean Dorst, Constantine Walter Benson, Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt, Helmut Sick, Heini Hediger, Wolfgang Makatsch, Erich Thenius, Erna Mohr, Adolf Portmann, Nagamichi Kuroda, Lester L. Short, Gerlof Fokko Mees, and Andrew John Berger. It was later extensively updated and republished in a 17-volume second edition under the supervision of Michael Hutchins in 2003. Some university libraries offer access to a digitized version of the second edition. The German edition also published three supplementary volumes: "Entwicklungsgeschichte der Lebewesen" ("History of Life"), "Verhaltensforschung" ("Behavioural Research") and "Unsere Umwelt als Lebensraum - Ökologie" ("Our Environment as Living Space - Ecology").
Online portal.
In Fall 2009, Gale Cengage released a web-based version of the encyclopedia, with access to the web site by subscription. The site allows users to rate articles and to submit videos and photography.

</doc>
<doc id="19546903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546903" title="Woodland Caribou Provincial Park">
Woodland Caribou Provincial Park

Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a provincial park in northwestern Ontario, Canada, west of Red Lake. It borders western Manitoba, and is made up of Canadian Shield and boreal forest. Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a wilderness park of 1,150,000 acres (450,000 hectares). The parks western boundary is shared with Atikaki Provincial Park and Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba. 
Access to the park is via float plane or canoe. The park is noted as a wilderness canoe destination, with over 2000 km of waterways that weave a pattern between large interconnected lakes and rivers, including the Bloodvein and Gammon Rivers. Portages connect many of the common canoe routes. The park has many archeological sites containing many Ojibway pictographs.

</doc>
<doc id="19546976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19546976" title="Vargo (band)">
Vargo (band)

Vargo is an electronic music band composed of producer Ansgar Üffink and vocalist Stephanie Hundertmark. The success of Vargo's 2001 single "Get Back to Serenity", released on several compilations, enabled the duo to produce their 2004 album, "Beauty".
Vargo is associated with the Café del Mar, and was the first German act to be included in its compilations. Vargo's music has been included on over 50 compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="19547007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547007" title="Dungworth">
Dungworth

Dungworth (archaic "Dungeworth",) is a hamlet in the civil parish of Bradfield, west of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England.
The village also gives its name as a surname; a 'Dungworth' is recorded living at the nearby village of Storrs in 1323. In the late 20th century the English occurrences of the surname remained concentrated in the Sheffield area.
Modern geography and economy.
Dungworth is a hamlet located approximately west of Stannington and the outermost suburbs of Sheffield in agricultural high ground at around above sea level. It is south of the eastern end of Damflask reservoir. The village has a primary school "Bradfield Dungworth School", and a public house, the "Royal Hotel".
Social geography.
The village pub has long been a centre of village life, games of Knurr and Spell were played in the 1920s and there were clubs for fishing, running, football and cricket. At Christmas time people have sung local songs in the pub for over 200 years.
The village has a school "Bradfield Dungworth School" and a community hall.
History.
A medieval cross, "Dungworth Cross" was once located northwest of the village. ()
Dungworth has a long tradition of Dairy farming, at one time there were eight dairy farms in the area, each delivering their own milk to the surrounding area, this has been significantly reduced in recent years. A cruck barn at Briers House farm once used as a cowhouse and hayloft dates to the 16th century.
Manufacture of knives took place in Dungworth in the 17th and 18th century; the nearby 'Sykehouse' (c.1800) at Syke House farm has hearths and workshop dating from the period. The census of 1861 shows a large number of men in the Dungworth, Hill Top and Storrs area who combined farming with the production of knives in small workshops attached to their cottages. Coal was mined near Dungworth up to the 19th century, found in association with ganister.
There are several historic buildings within the village dating to the 18th century, Green Fold farm dates to the early 18th century, and Padley farmhouse (converted to three cottages, formerly 'Dungworth Hall'.), dates to the mid 18th century.
The village pub dates to 1813, parts of the village primary school date to the 1840s. A primitive methodist chapel was built in the village around 1850; the anniversary of the church's founding in June of each year was a highlight of village social life in the early and mid 20th century.
Ringwood House on Main Road was once butchers shop and had arched cellars used for storing meat, it continued as a grocery shop until the 1970s, known as ""Harper's Shop"".
Some additional housing was built around the village in the mid 20th century: on the road to Dungworth cross (1920/30s), and later (1956) several council houses were built on Dungworth Green (road). In 1985 the local school amalgamated with Low Bradfield Junior and Infants School to form the present Bradfield Dungworth School on Dungworth Green. Dungworth Green Community Hall, adjoining the school was opened in 2011.
Two professional footballers are associated with Dungworth: Cec Coldwell (b. 1929) was born in the hamlet, while Tony Hawksworth (b. 1938) grew up in the settlement.
Load Brook.
The hamlet of Load Brook is located about roughly south-west of Dungworth at around above sea level.
Load Brook was developed from a farm from to a minor industrial site in the late 19th and early 20th century. A "pot clay" mine (impure ganister) was developed to the southwest in the 1850s by William Trickett, a local farmer. Trickett obtained rights to mine pot clay from the landowner, the Duke of Norfolk in 1852 and was mentioned in the Sheffield Trade Directory of 1862 as a clay merchant. William Trickett died in 1890 and the business was continued by his three sons, William, Benjamin and Matthew under the name of B. Trickett & Co.
The mine was officially named the Intake Clay Pit and had four drift entrances going into the hillside, one of these is still visible as is the path of the former tramway which had stone foundations. Ponies were used to pull the wagons from the mine along the tramway to the brick works, which had two rock crushers and three coal fired brick kilns. Cottages were built at the site to house the workers. Facilities included a works ~100 SW of the Hamlet and a track and tramway northward from the works, at around the mark..
The mine was later taken over by Thomas Wragg & Sons who had a firm in the Loxley valley making refractory bricks, the mine closed in the 1950s. In the second half of the 20th century the site and surrounding land was gradually used for forestry. As of 2010 the former industrial use was marked by field boundaries, and remains of the trackways.
Present day.
Some of the former workmen’s cottages have been developed into modern private residences. Loadbrook Cottages has been refurbished into Bed and breakfast accommodation and a self-catering holiday cottage.. Loadbrook House is also now a holiday cottage, while the original Loadbrook Farm, dating from the 18th century also offers bed and breakfast accommodation. Other buildings in the hamlet include, Loadbrook Barn, Brook Cottage, Heather Bank and Beeton Farm which stands just to the south of the hamlet.

</doc>
<doc id="19547027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547027" title="Volleyball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Volleyball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Volleyball at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Jeddah from April 9 to April 19, 2005.
Classification.
'"7th place match
"'5th place match

</doc>
<doc id="19547053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547053" title="San Marzano">
San Marzano

San Marzano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547060" title="George Bass (disambiguation)">
George Bass (disambiguation)

George Bass may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547070" title="Louisa Island (Tasmania)">
Louisa Island (Tasmania)

Louisa Island is an irregularly shaped 23 hectare island in part of the Maatsuyker Island Group, lying close to the southern end of the south-western coast of Tasmania. 
Its highest point is 80 m above sea level and, at low tide, it is joined to the mainland by a 250 m sand spit. It is part of the Southwest National Park, and thus within the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is part of the Maatsuyker Island Group Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance as a breeding site for seabirds.
Flora and fauna.
The central parts of the island are lightly forested with "Eucalyptus nitida" and "Eucalyptus ovata", with an understorey of "Leptospermum scoparium" and "Melaleuca squarrosa". Bracken covers areas subjected to recent fires.
Recorded breeding seabird and wader species are the Little Penguin, Short-tailed Shearwater (206,000 pairs), Fairy Prion (400 pairs), Common Diving-Petrel (1600 pairs), Pacific Gull, Sooty Oystercatcher and Pied Oystercatcher. Mammals present include the Tasmanian Pademelon and Long-nosed Potoroo. The Tasmanian Tree Skink is present.

</doc>
<doc id="19547136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547136" title="Brett Hudson">
Brett Hudson

Brett Stuart Hudson (born January 18, 1953), is an American musician and singer-songwriter, possibly best known as the youngest of the 1970s group the Hudson Brothers, is now a TV producer and writer living in Malibu, California.
Hudson formed the production company Frozen Pictures with Burt Kearns. He has produced many television shows including "All the Presidents' Movies" with Martin Sheen for Bravo, "The Secret History of Rock 'N' Roll" for Court TV hosted by Gene Simmons of KISS as well as Fox TV's "A Current Affair". He also co-wrote and produced the Burt Reynolds movie "Cloud 9".
He can still be heard singing background on an odd assortment of CDs including Alice Cooper's 1994 "The Last Temptation" and Ringo Starr's 1999 "I Wanna Be Santa Claus". He is also a trumpet player, and he was once in a car crash. He was diagnosed with throat cancer in 2007 and after receiving many conventional as well as alternative/complimentary cancer treatments has been in remission since 2010. He is the uncle of singer/songwriter Sarah Hudson, actress Kate Hudson of "Almost Famous" and her brother, actor Oliver Hudson of the WB’s "The Mountain".
Hudson received the 2009 Las Vegas Film Festival Golden Ace Award in the Documentary Feature category for "The Seventh Python". He previewed his movie "The Chris Montez Story" with Montez at The Fest for Beatles Fans convention held March 2010 in Secaucus, New Jersey.2012 Hudson Produced Hansel and Gretel Get Baked released theatrically by Tribeca Films
Personal.
Hudson married Lavinia Lang. They have two children, Tess born and Jonathan born .

</doc>
<doc id="19547143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547143" title="2008–09 S.S.C. Napoli season">
2008–09 S.S.C. Napoli season

Serie A 2008–09 is the 67th Serie A season in the history of Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli, and their 83rd overall.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19547147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547147" title="Cessnock Airport">
Cessnock Airport

Cessnock Airport is a civil airport located (by road) north of Cessnock, New South Wales, Australia.
History.
Built by the Royal Australian Air Force in 1942 during World War II named as RAAF Base Pokolbin, as part of a system of parent and satellite aerodromes proposed throughout New South Wales. The aerodrome was known as "RAAF Station Pokolbin". The aerodrome had two runways wide side by side.
The aerodrome was proposed to have the following satellite aerodromes, Glendon, Rothbury and Weston, however Rothbury and Weston do not appear to have been constructed.
Airport usage.
Cessnock Airport is a popular Flight training aerodrome servicing Newcastle and Lower Hunter based pilots and students. It is usually considered so popular due to its large training area, which it shares with Maitland Airport and other Hunter Region aerodromes. There are two flight training schools (Hunter Valley Aviation and Avondale Aviation, now owned by Wollongong University). The airport is also home to a helicopter joy flight centre. Early morning Hot air balloon flights are also common.

</doc>
<doc id="19547198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547198" title="Wheston">
Wheston

Wheston is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District. Notable features include Wheston Hall and the Wheston Cross. The cross is more than high, probably dates from the C14, and survives intact, and marked the way from Tideswell to Buxton along the Forest Road. Images of the Madonna and Child and the Crucifixion are carved into it.
The village was formerly known as Whestone.

</doc>
<doc id="19547205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547205" title="Heuberger">
Heuberger

Heuberger is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19547254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547254" title="Thomas Oakes">
Thomas Oakes

Thomas Oakes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547270" title="George Walpole, 3rd Earl of Orford">
George Walpole, 3rd Earl of Orford

George Walpole, 3rd Earl of Orford (2 April 1730 – 5 December 1791) was a British administrator and peer.
Life.
Lord Orford was the only child of the 2nd Earl of Orford and his wife Margaret Rolle, Baroness Clinton in her own right. His parents separated shortly after his birth. His father's mistress, Hannah Norsa, a celebrated singer and actress at Covent Garden took up residence at Houghton Hall from 1736 until his father's death. Orford's mother married again in 1751 and was buried at Leghorn in 1781, "a woman of very singular character and considered half mad".
Resident at Houghton Hall in Norfolk, between 1751 and 1791 he served as High Steward of King's Lynn, recently but by then no longer the nation's third most important port because of the expansion of transatlantic trade from the west coast, and also High Steward of Yarmouth then a major fishing port.
He was Lord Lieutenant of Norfolk from 1757 and was appointed Colonel of the Norfolk Militia in 1759. He also served as a Lord of the Bedchamber to King George II until the latter's death, and then to King George III until 1782.
On his father's death, 31 March 1751, he succeeded as 3rd Earl of Orford. On the death of his mother in 1781 he became the sixteenth Baron Clinton.
An intended marriage to an heiress, Margaret Nicoll was disrupted by his uncle Lord Walpole of Wolterton, Margaret married the Duke of Chandos. Orford was a celebrated falconer. He also enjoyed hare coursing and founded Swaffham Coursing Club in 1776, initially with twenty-six members, each naming their greyhounds after a different alphabet letter. For some years it was the leading coursing club in England, holding several meetings a year. He also organised coursing for neighbouring farmers and provided prizes. He became extravagant (his father died probably bankrupt) and increasingly eccentric and eventually died insane. He left no legitimate heirs having never married and at his death, aged 61, his titles (except the title of Baron Clinton which due to its great antiquity had the peculiarity of being able to descend through the female line and passed into the Trefusis family, descendants of Walpole's great-aunt Bridget Rolle (1648–1721)) were passed to his uncle Horace Walpole who also took the still heavily encumbered Houghton estate.
There is documentary evidence that he had an illegitimate daughter named Georgina Walpole whose mother was Mary Sparrow of Eriswell.
Gross mismanagement and extravagance.
Orford is particularly remembered for his 1778 sale of his grandfather's magnificent art collection to Catherine the Great. It now forms part of the of the collection at The Hermitage in St Petersburg.
Orford intended his sale of the pictures to have taken place in secrecy but his plan soon leaked out and became of intense interest to the public. The trustees of the British Museum petitioned parliament for their purchase and the erection of a new building in the grounds of the British Museum. The eventual sale to the Empress of Russia was regarded as a national calamity.
204 paintings were received in St Petersburg, some were sold during the 1930s and 126 pictures now remain at The Hermitage.

</doc>
<doc id="19547280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547280" title="Sal Guarriello">
Sal Guarriello

Sal Guarriello (March 2, 1919 – April 16, 2009) was a member of the City Council of the City of West Hollywood, California. He was elected to the City Council in 1990, and reelected four times. He served four one-year terms as mayor. He was an advocate for West Hollywood residents, protected tenants of low-income housing, promoted West Hollywood's businesses, and upheld public safety.
Early life.
Salvatore Joseph Guarriello, son of Generoso Guarriello and Virginia (D'Argenio) Guarriello, was born March 2, 1919 in the New York City borough of Manhattan,in New York state. Sal Guarriello was the fifth of six siblings; he had one sister who was the eldest, and four brothers. He was born into a Catholic, Italian family originally from Avellino; a city near Naples in southwest Italy.
At age eighteen, Guarriello began working as a guard with the United States Marshal Service transporting prisoners to federal penitentiaries from New York City to Louisburg, Pennsylvania and Atlanta, Georgia. At nineteen, Guarriello became a lifeguard securing and overseeing the Island Park Beach, also known as Casino Beach.
At age twenty he was recruited by a larger establishment known as Sperry Gyroscope (Sperry Corporation), a company which manufactured gauges and instruments for U.S. fighter planes. While working for Sperry Gyroscope, he met Rita Gionta, an inspector who represented the Navy’s division. Gionta was the inspector who overlooked Guarriello’s quality control department. Guarriello and Rita were married on November 21, 1943.
His career in the manufacturing industry was short-lived because in January 1944, two months before his twenty-fifth birthday, Guarriello was drafted into the US Military service in the Second World War.
Military service.
Upon being drafted into the service, Guarriello was transported to Florida to receive training as a sniper. After six months of training, he was deployed to Anzio, Italy, where the heaviest beach combats took place. Due to the high bloodshed, and the lack of medical personnel, Guarriello was appointed as a combat medic. Ironically, he was given this responsibility because of his experience as a lifeguard during his adolescence.
On April 19, 1945 Guarriello was wounded during an effort to save another comrade’s life. During a heavy mortar and machine gun battle, a soldier from Guarriello’s company lost his leg from a mortar explosion. As the company was retreating from the battlefield, Guarriello went back into the field to rescue the soldier. While he was showing medical attention to the wounded soldier, a mortar exploded behind Guarriello piercing him with shrapnel in his left arm and upper back. On April 26, 1945, while recovering in a hospital in Florence, the Brigadier General awarded Guarriello a Purple Heart for being wounded in the line of duty.
Early Professional Career.
After coming home from the war, Guarriello purchased a house in Long Island, New York and founded a State Farm Insurance Agency franchise. He later decided to expand his business ventures by moving out to the West Coast in 1964. Los Angeles, California was of particular interest to Guarriello because of the large residential and automobile market. Guarriello established his Farmers Insurance Company agency franchcise there and it continued to be a successful operation until he retired in December 1986, at the age of sixty-seven.
Political career.
As a resident of West Hollywood and longtime fixture on the Sunset Strip with his friend, the legendary Dean Martin, Guarriello joined the Coalition for Economic Survival (CES), the leading renters' rights organization in 1983. He joined CES's Steering Committee in 1986. In 1986, Guarriello became a member of the Board of Directors of the West Hollywood Community Housing Corporation (WHCHC), a non-profit corporation which rehabilitates run-down housing and builds new apartment buildings to increase the supply of affordable housing in West Hollywood. He was soon selected by his fellow Board members to serve as Treasurer of the organization. Guarriello was also featured in an A&E Television biography of the Sunset Strip.
The work of the WHCHC has been so successful that West Hollywood is replacing apartments lost to demolition with more than three times as many new affordable apartments. By January 1999, 141 low- and moderate-income housing units had been built in West Hollywood.
In 1988, Guarriello was appointed to the Rent Stabilization Commission. As a Commissioner, he helped develop policy on rent control matters and sat as judge on appeals of decisions made by Rent Stabilization Hearing Examiners. While striving to be fair and impartial, Guarriello worked hard to protect West Hollywood tenants and the City's strong rent control law. Guarriello also served on the City's Banking and Reinvestment Task Force in 1988, where he worked with local banks to improve low-cost services to seniors and small businesses.
In April 1990, with seven years of experience serving the West Hollywood community, Guarriello was elected as a member of the West Hollywood City Council. He was reelected to the West Hollywood City Council four times: in April 1994, March 1999, March 2003, and March 2007. Guarriello, a gruff but lovable character, was famous for his bust of President Harry S Truman on his modest desk and used the slogan "Give 'em Hell, Sal..." in each of his re-election campaigns. While he faced tough opposition in each of his election campaigns, Sal's strong support from seniors, Russians and the LGBT community gave him a strong electoral base and ultimate success.
Guarriello formed the Eastside Redevelopment Agency in 1997. The agency's first major project was the West Hollywood Gateway Project at Santa Monica Boulevard and La Brea Avenue. In 1998, he helped negotiate the transfer of ownership of Santa Monica Boulevard from the State of California, Department of Transportation to the City of West Hollywood. This transfer of ownership allowed the City to plan for a major rehabilitation of the Boulevard in 1999.
Guarriello was awarded the "Outstanding Community Service Award" from the Los Angeles County Commission on Aging in May 2006. Sal was a tireless fighter for the issues that mattered most to him: affordable housing and the rights of Senior Citizens. To assist with his efforts, Guarriello recruited a local public safety activist, Donna Saur, to serve as his office deputy in 1999. Saur began working with Guarriello on many issues that required more immediate legislative attention, and she faithfully remained with him until his death. In 2002, Guarriello, with the assistance of his veteran political consultants Steven Afriat and Neal Zaslavsky, began the recall process against Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley after a gay resident of West Hollywood, Trev Broudy, was nearly beaten to death with a baseball bat by three men, because Cooley considered this crime a robbery rather than a hate crime. Although he himself was straight, Sal was a fierce advocate for the city's large Gay & Lesbian population, and a majority of his appointments to city boards and commissions were gay men and lesbians.
Since Guarriello served as an army combat medic in World War II, in 1998 he initiated the West Hollywood Veterans Memorial Task Force to create a permanent Veterans Memorial in West Hollywood. In the spring of 2001 the City of West Hollywood approved a Veterans Memorial intended to honor all veterans who have served the United States since the 1776 Revolution. The West Hollywood Veteran's Memorial in Holloway Park was dedicated on November 11, 2003. On September 25, 2009, the city council unanimously voted to rename the park as the Sal Guarriello Veterans Memorial Park. [http://wehonews.com/z/wehonews/archive/page.php?articleID=3906]
Until the time of his death, Sal continued to serve on many civic boards and enjoy a good Scotch. Guarriello represented West Hollywood as a director and chairman of the County Sanitation District No. 4 representing West Hollywood, Beverly Hills, and Los Angeles. He also served as the City's delegate for the Southern California Cities Joint Powers Consortium. He was a delegate to the Joint Powers Insurance Authority, and served as a commissioner on the County Public Library Commission.
A much beloved and iconic figure, 90-year-old Councilmember Guarriello died on the morning of Thursday, April 16, 2009 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, surrounded by his friends, family and political supporters. At the time of his death, Sal was the oldest serving city councilmember in California. On May 6, the City Council appointed former National Organization for Women Hollywood Chapter President Lindsey Horvath to complete Guarriello's unexpired term. His seat was later filled by John D'Amico, who was elected in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19547305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547305" title="Erin's Own GAA (Waterford)">
Erin's Own GAA (Waterford)

Erin's Own GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in Waterford City, Ireland. The club enters teams in both GAA codes each year, which includes two adult hurling teams and two adult Gaelic football team in the Waterford County Championships.
The club has won the County Senior Hurling Championship a total of 13 times making its the second most successful club in the county. The club has also achieved 8 championships in a row between 1927 and 1935.
The current President is Billy Kelly. This is a lifelong position within the club once appointed.
Underage.
For underage competitions up to Under-16, the club is known as "Sacred Heart". Matches conducted by Sacred Heart are held in a community pitch in Killure, St. John's park. Both boys and girls begin to train from the age of four and compete at under 8's, under 10's, under 12's, under 14's and under 16's. Once the player in not leigible to play under 16's they fall into the category of Minor Hurling/Football and so come under the Erins Own designation

</doc>
<doc id="19547325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547325" title="Tableau Software">
Tableau Software

Tableau Software ( ) is an American computer software company headquartered in Seattle, WA, USA. It produces a family of interactive data visualization products focused on business intelligence.
History.
The company was founded at Stanford University’s Department of Computer Science between 1997 and 2002. Professor Pat Hanrahan and Ph.D. student Chris Stolte who specialized in visualization techniques for exploring and analyzing relational databases and data cubes led research in the use of table-based displays to browse multidimensional relational databases. Together, they combined a structured query language for databases with a descriptive language for rendering graphics and invented a database visualization language called VizQL (Visual Query Language). VizQL formed the core of the Polaris system, an interface for exploring large multi-dimensional databases. In 2003, after Stolte recruited his former business partner and friend, Christian Chabot, to serve as CEO Tableau was spun out of Stanford with an eponymous software application. The product queries relational databases, cubes, cloud database, and spreadsheets and then generates a number of graph types that can be combined into dashboards and shared over a computer network or the internet.
In 2010, Tableau reported revenue of $34.2 million dollars. That figure grew to $62.4 million in 2011 and $127.7 million in 2012. Profit during the same periods came to $2.7 million, $3.4 million, and $1.6 million, respectively. Shares of Tableau Software started trading on the New York Stock Exchange after an initial public offering on May 17, 2013.
Products.
Tableau offers five main products: Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Tableau Online, Tableau Reader and Tableau Public.
Awards and Industry Recognition.
Tableau Software has won awards including "Best Overall in Data Visualization" by DM Review, "Best of 2005 for Data Analysis" by PC Magazine, and "2008 Best Business Intelligence Solution (CODiE award)" by the Software & Information Industry Association. More recently, Tableau has been recognized as a "Leader" by Gartner in the "2013 Magic Quadrant for Business Intelligence and Analytics Platforms".
Withdrawal of services from Wikileaks.
On December 2, 2010, Tableau was one of the first companies to withdraw support from WikiLeaks after they started publishing US embassy cables. Although the company stated it was not a decision that they took lightly, they also stated it was directly due to political pressure:
On February 21, 2011, Tableau posted an updated data policy. The accompanying blog post cited the two main changes as (1) creating a formal complaint process and (2) using freedom of speech as a guiding principle. In addition, the post announced the creation of an advisory board to help the company navigate future situations that "push the boundaries of the policy." Robert Kosara of Tableau likened the new policy to the model set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, and opined that under the new policy, the Wikileaks cables would not have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19547346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547346" title="Thomas Oakes (engineer)">
Thomas Oakes (engineer)

Thomas Oakes (died 1823) was the Chief Engineer of the Schuylkill Navigation Company. He was responsible for the design and early construction of the Navigation's Schuylkill River canals in the early 19th century. Oakes was also instrumental in the design of the Fairmount Water Works in Philadelphia, and its original three waterwheels in particular. 
The Oakes Canal (reach) of the Schuylkill Navigation is named for him, as well as the nearby village of Oaks, Pennsylvania.
Oakes died after the completion of the Oakes Reach in 1821, from the typhoid fever that was plaguing the canal workers.

</doc>
<doc id="19547385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547385" title="Samsung SDS">
Samsung SDS

SAMSUNG SDS CO., LTD.
Samsung SDS, established in 1985, as a subsidiary of Samsung Group has been providing information technology services. These include consulting services (Business Strategy and Discrete IT and Network Consulting); technical services (Packaged and Customized Application Integration, Hardware and Software Implementation and Support, and IT Education); and outsourcing services (Business Process Outsourcing, Application and IT Infrastructure Outsourcing and Network Infrastructure Management)[http://www.sds.samsung.com/service/industries/index.jsp]. SDS is expanding its business area by investing on R&D and emerging IT technologies such as U-City, RFID and Engineering Outsourcing. SDS provides its IT services by operating 11 offices and data centers in 11 countries.
History.
The company’s staff of 7,000 IT-related workers— including about 95 engineers, 1,150 masters or doctorate degree holders, and 530 IT developers and business consultants—have experience gained through hundreds of projects.
SDS operates ‘Samsung SDS Multi-Campus’, the largest IT education institute in Korea, and requires that employees allocate 10% of their individual working hours to education.
In 2007, SDS ranked No.1 in domestic IT service market share and it has never lost its leading position for number of years.
Its success overseas has yet to be verified, as the number of offices abroad are not all incorporated.

</doc>
<doc id="19547397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547397" title="Language Computer Corporation">
Language Computer Corporation

Language Computer Corporation (LCC) is a natural language processing research company based in Richardson, Texas. The company develops a variety of natural language processing products, including software for question answering, information extraction, and automatic summarization.
Since its founding in 1995, the low-profile company has landed significant United States Government contracts, with $8,353,476 in contracts in 2006-2008.
While the company has focused primarily on the government software market, LCC has also used its technology to spin off three start-up companies. The first spin off, known as Lymba Corporation, markets the PowerAnswer question answering product originally developed at LCC. In 2010, LCC's CEO, Andrew Hickl, co-founded two start-ups which made use of the company's technology. These included Swingly, an automatic question answering start-up, and Extractiv, an information extraction service that was founded in partnership with Houston, Texas-based 80legs.

</doc>
<doc id="19547453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547453" title="Thomas Oakes (representative)">
Thomas Oakes (representative)

Thomas Oakes (1644–1719) was a physician and politician in New England, speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
He born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 18 June 1644, brother of Urian Oakes, and graduated at Harvard College in 1662. He subsequently studied medicine in London, and obtained some reputation as a physician. He was elected a representative after the Glorious Revolution and the expulsion of Sir Edmund Andros in 1689, and was chosen speaker. In 1690 he was chosen assistant. In that year he went to England with Elisha Cooke to represent the interests of the colonists in the matter of a new charter. He was again chosen speaker to the House of Representatives in 1705. He died at Easthaven in Massachusetts on 15 July 1719, leaving two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="19547519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547519" title="Rudolf Chrobak">
Rudolf Chrobak

Rudolf Chrobak (July 8, 1843 – October 1, 1910) was an Austrian gynecologist who was a native of Opava, Austrian Silesia.
In 1866 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Vienna, and worked as an intern at Vienna General Hospital and as an assistant in the clinic of Johann von Oppolzer (1808-1871). In 1880 he became an associate professor, and in 1889 succeeded August Breisky (1832-1889) as professor and director of the second "Frauenklinik" in Vienna. Chrobak maintained this position until his retirement in 1908. With Friedrich Schauta (1849-1919), he was responsible for the planning and design of the new hospital department for gynecology in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19547523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547523" title="Nadel">
Nadel

Nadel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547525" title="Samuel Lewis House">
Samuel Lewis House

Lewis, Samuel, House can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547535" title="Nathanael Barnes">
Nathanael Barnes

Nathanael Barnes (born 11 October 1982) is an Australian rugby league player, currently playing for the Wynnum Seagulls and trialing for the Brisbane Broncos 2012 squad.
Barnes is the Tweed Heads Seagulls leading try scorer of all time. He scored a total of 73 tries in 92 games for the club in the Queensland Cup.
In 2012 he was named in the Queensland Residents side.

</doc>
<doc id="19547540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547540" title="Streets of Blood">
Streets of Blood

Streets of Blood is a 2009 action-drama film starring Val Kilmer, 50 Cent, Michael Biehn and Sharon Stone. It is directed by Charles Winkler with a screenplay written by Eugene Hess based on a story by Hess and Dennis Fanning. The film was produced by Nu Image/Millennium Films.
Plot.
During the rage of Hurricane Katrina, Detective Andy Devereaux (Val Kilmer) discovers the body of his former partner in a close to underwater warehouse. Quickly forgetting about his discovery, he joins a newly transferred detective named Stan Johnson (Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson) trying to end a conflict involving looters. 
Post-Katrina, Andy and Stan are now partners. They work with corrupt detectives Pepe (Jose Pablo Cantillo) and Barney (Brian Presley), who are caught up in the murder of an undercover narcotics agent. Investigating the escalating police corruption in New Orleans is FBI Agent Brown (Michael Biehn). Brown brings up his thoughts to Police Captain Friendly (Barry Shabaka Henley) who insists he is doing his best to solve the problems in his department.
Meanwhile, police therapist Nina Ferraro (Sharon Stone) tries to help the detectives with their struggles, with little avail. She is particularly interested in Andy, whose father, also a detective, was murdered in the line of duty. 
Things are complicated further with Agent Brown's investigation into Andy and his crew. Brown tells Andy that he has an informant who is leaking out the details, and Andy, disbelieving at first, begins to resign himself to the fact that one of his men is betraying him. 
After Captain Friendly is assassinated by a local gangster named Chamorro, Andy, Stan, Pepe, and Barney decide to take the law into their own hands and go after Chamorro. While interrogating Chamorro, they find out that Brown has been supplying the drug dealer with information about the police raids, to help his own investigation. In a violent shootout, Barney accidentally shoots and kills Pepe.
Andy and Stan escape, only to return to the warehouse where they met. There Andy realizes that Stan is the informant. After the two start arguing, Brown shows up and there is another shootout, ending in Brown's death. Andy comforts a sobbing Stan, then Andy kills his partner, as he possibly did with his previous one.
The film ends on a low note, leaving no premise about Andy's future.
Production.
Filming took place in Shreveport, Louisiana, including some shooting at the Louisiana Wave Studio.
As of April 2010, the movie is available on DVD at Blockbuster Video, Redbox and Netflix.

</doc>
<doc id="19547541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547541" title="Froggo">
Froggo

Froggo Games was a video game company that produced several games for the Atari 2600 and Atari 7800 game systems, long after the release of the Nintendo NES and other systems. The games were particularly notable for their poor ratings, and is often considered the worst game company on the 2600. Most of their games were copies of games released by other companies, but two new releases for the 7800 were fairly well received.
Froggo announced four new titles for the 7800 in the 1989 May/June issue of the Atarian magazine called UFO, Pyromania, Night of the Ninja, and Scorpion Squad, which were never released due to the company going out of business soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="19547570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547570" title="Spirit of the Age Anthology">
Spirit of the Age Anthology

Spirit of the Age and The Dream Goes On are two triple CD anthologies released in 2008 covering the periods 1976-84 and 1985-97 of the British rock group Hawkwind.
They will be released on Atomhenge Records, a subsidiary of Cherry Red Records, which will be dedicated to re-releasing Hawkwind's back catalogue from the years 1976 to 1997. These anthologies precede the release of the re-mastered albums which will feature bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19547585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547585" title="Desperate Preacher's Site">
Desperate Preacher's Site

The Desperate Preacher's Site is one of the first web sites on the World Wide Web to offer Christian educators and ministers a forum for discussion and exchange of resources. Founded by United Methodist Minister, Rev. Frank Schaefer, the site aims to provide exchanges and resources that are ecumenical and international in nature. Schaefer has been its director and developer from 1996 to the present time.
History.
The Desperate Preacher's Site was founded as a grassroots commentary and discussion web site for religious ministers in 1996 and was placed under the umbrella of JavaCasa Web Resources in 1998. The web site was hailed as an innovative resource for Christian preachers using new media in a November 2000 article by Ecumenical News International (ENI) which was published among other webzines by Christianity Today, entitled: "Site Hopes to Help Pastors in a Sunday Sermon Crunch."
The sermon resource site along with other, similar web sites has recently come under scrutiny since the widely publicized suspensions and resignations of priests and pastors on account of "pulpit plagiarism." The question has been raised whether such web sites are encouraging religious teachers and leaders to use posted or published sermon manuscripts without giving proper accreditation when presented from the pulpit or lectern. This issue has been explored in articles by USA Today, the Wall Street Journal, and the Charlotte Observer, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="19547586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547586" title="USS Wakiva II (SP-160)">
USS Wakiva II (SP-160)

USS "Wakiva II" (SP-160), often referred to as USS "Wakiva", was an armed yacht that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1918 and saw combat in World War I. She was originally the yacht SS "Wakiva II" built for Lamon V. Harkness in Scotland.
"Wakiva II" served as a convoy escort out of Brest, France, and had several encounters with German submarines. The ship received credit for a "probably seriously damaged" submarine in November 1917. While escorting a convoy in May 1918 in fog, "Wakiva II" was accidentally rammed and sunk by . Two men aboard "Wakiva II" were lost in the collision and sinking.
Navy career.
"Wakiva II" was a steel-hulled steam yacht built in the United Kingdom at Leith, Scotland, by Ramage and Ferguson for Lamon V. Harkness. She was launched on 3 February 1907, and served first Lamon Harkness and then his son Harry in the days before World War I. While owned by the Harkness family, "Wakiva II" ranged from the North Sea to the Netherlands East Indies.
After the United States entered World War I, the United States Navy acquired "Wakiva II" on 20 July 1917 and commissioned her as USS "Wakiva II" on 6 August 1917 at the Boston Navy Yard in Boston, Massachusetts, Lieutenant Commander Thomas R. Kurtz in command. While shipwrights were still laboring to complete the conversion of the erstwhile pleasure craft to a man-of-war for "distant service," Captain Thomas P. Magruder made "Wakiva II" his flagship as Commander, Squadron Four, Patrol Force, on 18 August 1917.
Necessary alterations complete, "Wakiva II" departed Boston on 25 August 1917 bound for Provincetown, Massachusetts, in company with six French submarine chasers and the remainder of the squadron — a collection of converted fishing vessels and patrol boats. The ships departed Provincetown 26 August 1917 for France.
"Wakiva II" paused at Ponta Delgada in the Azores from 6 September 1917 to 11 September 1917, towing part of the distance from the United States, due to a breakdown in "P. K. Bauman"s propulsion system, and arrived at Brest, France, on 18 September 1917. On 27 September 1917, Captain Magruder hauled down his pennant to establish headquarters ashore.
Released from flagship duty, "Wakiva II" soon commenced her convoy watchdog duties on the high seas on 28 September 1917, putting to sea to meet a convoy west of Ushant, France. "Wakiva II" operated on patrol and escort duty out of Brest from the autumn of 1917.
On 28 October 1917, when transport was torpedoed, "Wakiva II" and armed yacht teamed to pick up survivors, standing towards the damaged ship soon after she was hit. "Wakiva II" lowered two boats and manned one of the transport's lifeboats, eventually rescuing 126 men before setting course for Brest.
On 23 November 1917, the yacht's lookouts sighted an object distant which looked initially like a submarine's conning tower. Going to general quarters, the yacht sped towards the contact and commenced fire with her forward guns. After the warship had loosed seven shots, a closer investigation disclosed that the object of their attack — which resulted in the destruction of the object — was a convincingly painted target.
"Wakiva II" had her first actual head-to-head encounter with the enemy within a week. She sailed from Saint-Nazaire, France, on 28 November 1917 to join up with a westbound convoy. The passage proceeded uneventfully until oiler fired off two Very pistol stars and sounded a loud blast on her siren. Thus alerted, "Wakiva II" sounded general quarters and rang down for full speed ahead. While armed yacht also closed to screen the vulnerable and valuable "Kanawha" on the starboard side, "Wakiva II" took up station on the port beam. Thirty minutes of painstaking search revealed nothing to the hunters, however, and the three ships returned to the van of the convoy.
No sooner had the search been discontinued when "Noma" suddenly sounded another alarm and dropped a depth charge on what her lookouts felt was a submarine. Her crew at general quarters, "Wakiva II" sped to the scene to assist in the hunt and, at 19:02 hours, while still from "Noma", sighted a periscope away. Putting over hard-a-port, "Wakiva II" commenced fire with her after guns. Her third salvo was thought to have sheared the periscope. As the yacht passed over the suspected submarine the second time, she dropped a depth charge barrage, all of which exploded and sent fuel oil and debris to the surface, indicating that they had heavily hit the enemy submersible. Two hits on the wreckage, fired from number one gun, added the "coup de grace" to what appeared to be a shattered submarine. "Wakiva II" made a third pass and sighted three men clinging to wreckage, but by the time the yacht had come full circle, all that remained was the heavy smell of fuel oil and bits and pieces of wreckage on the surface of the sea.
On 12 February 1918, "Wakiva II", while in company with armed yachts and , sighted a submarine running on the surface dead astern. Signalling the report of the sighting to the three ships in the small convoy, U.S. Navy cargo ship , and merchant ships , and —"Wakiva II" commenced fire with number two and four guns, checking fire momentarily to avoid hitting "Florence H.", which was steaming just beyond where the enemy submarine had suddenly appeared. The U-boat quickly submerged, and the yacht remained at the scene for 90 minutes before abandoning the search.
"Wakiva II" maintained a schedule of patrol and escort out of Brest through the late winter.
Sinking.
On 21 May 1918, "Wakiva II" steamed in convoy with a group of eight ships on the port flank, heading eastward from the French coast. As fog set in shortly after sunset, speed was reduced. The ships crept along with "Wakiva II" taking station on the freighter . Zigzagging ceased with the onset of the murky weather, and "Noma" sent a message to the convoy commodore, in the U.S. Army transport , to this effect. By 03:00 hours on the 22 May, visibility improved — but only briefly — before the convoy slipped into another fog bank. The sounds of whistles from the loosely assembled shipping could be heard aboard "Wakiva II" and, at 03:10 hours, those on watch in "Wakiva II" distinctly heard "Wabash"s whistle but could not see the ship. As another blast from the cargo vessel sounded even closer soon thereafter, Lieutenant Commander E. G. Allen, commanding the yacht, ordered the helm put over to port one point (11.25 degrees), and the whistle sounded. Ten seconds later, "Wabash" loosed another blast, even closer. Suddenly, the shape of the cargo vessel loomed out of the mist and bore down on "Wakiva II". Ringing down full speed ahead, Allen ordered a turn to port, but before the helm could be put over, "Wabash"s bow tore into the yacht's starboard quarter, just abaft the mainmast and forward of the after guns, and ripped a mortal gash in the "Wakiva II"s side from the main deck down to the propeller shaft. On board "Wakiva II", there had been barely enough time to reach the general alarm. The collision threw both ships briefly on parallel courses, carrying away "Wabash"s starboard boats. Both ships also hung together briefly before parting, with the cargo vessel slowly going astern.
While two men were lost on board "Wakiva II", individual acts of heroism occurred simultaneously. Upon feeling the shock of the collision and hearing the general alarm, Chief Gunner's Mate Oliver P. Cooper, USNRF, ran aft to the fantail where the depth charges were secured, withdrew the bursting pins from the British naval mines stored there, and set the American depth charges on "safe;" he reported that all was "secure" within five minutes of the collision. Electrician Second Class Charles E. Kirkpatrick, USNRF, on watch in the ship's radio room, remained at his post and sent out the SOS, remaining on board until abandoning at the last possible moment. Chief Boatswain's Mate Thomas Olson, USNRF, rigged out the motor whaleboat and rousted out men from below decks, and then, along with the captain, inspected and cleared the ship. Below, as the engine room filled with water, Machinist Mate First Class Charles A. A. Smith began to start the pumps before realizing that at the rate at which the water was cascading in through the rent in the ship's side, the pumps could not hold their own.
As "Wakiva II" sank by the stern, the captain and his crew pulled clear in the ship's boats at 03:30 hours. "Wakiva II" disappeared beneath the waves at 03:36 hours, as "Wabash" simultaneously lowered her undamaged boats and assisted in picking up survivors from the yacht.

</doc>
<doc id="19547609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547609" title="Pike Place Market">
Pike Place Market

Pike Place Market is a public market overlooking the Elliott Bay waterfront in Seattle, Washington, United States. The Market opened August 17, 1907, and is one of the oldest continuously operated public farmers' markets in the United States. It is a place of business for many small farmers, craftspeople and merchants. Named after the central street, Pike Place runs northwest from Pike Street to Virginia Street, and remains one of Seattle's most popular tourist destinations.
The Market is built on the edge of a steep hill, and consists of several lower levels located below the main level. Each features a variety of unique shops such as antique dealers, comic book and collectible shops, small family-owned restaurants, and one of the oldest head shops in Seattle. The upper street level contains fishmongers, fresh produce stands and craft stalls operating in the covered arcades. Local farmers and craftspeople sell year-round in the arcades from tables they rent from the Market on a daily basis, in accordance with the Market's mission and founding goal: allowing consumers to "Meet the Producer".
Pike Place Market is home to nearly 500 residents who live in 8 different buildings throughout the Market. Most of these buildings have been low income housing in the past; however, some of them no longer are, such as the Livingston Baker apartments. The Market is run by the quasi-government Pike Place Market Preservation and Development Authority (PDA). The Pike Place Market sees 10 million visitors annually.
Location and extent.
The Market is located roughly in the northwest corner of Seattle's central business district. To its north is Belltown. To its southwest are the central waterfront and Elliott Bay. Boundaries are diagonal to the compass since the street grid is roughly parallel to the Elliott Bay shoreline.
As is common with Seattle neighborhoods and districts, different people and organizations draw different boundaries for the Market. The City Clerk's Neighborhood Map Atlas gives one of the more expansive definitions, defining a "Pike-Market" neighborhood extending from Union Street northwest to Virginia Street and from the waterfront northeast to Second Avenue. Despite coming from the City Clerk's office, this definition has no special official status.
The smaller "Pike Place Public Market Historic District" listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places is bounded roughly by First Avenue, Virginia Street, Western Avenue, and a building wall about halfway between Union and Pike Streets, running parallel to those streets.
In a middle ground between those two definitions, the Seattle Department of Neighborhoods' official "Pike Place Market Historical District" includes the federally recognized Pike Place Public Market Historic District plus a slightly smaller piece of land between Western Avenue and Washington State Route 99, on the side of the market toward Elliott Bay.
To some extent, these different definitions of the market district result from struggles between preservationists and developers. For example, the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 created the Washington Advisory Council on Historic Preservation. Victor Steinbrueck at one point in the late 1960s convinced the Advisory Council to recommend designating as a historical district. Pressure by developers and the "Seattle establishment" soon got that reduced to a tenth of that area. The present-day historic district designations lie between these extremes.
Part of the market sits on what was originally mudflats below the bluffs west of Pike Place. In the late 19th century, West Street (now Western Avenue, angling away from Pike Place) was already a through street running more or less parallel to the shore. Railroad Avenue (now Alaskan Way) was built farther out on pilings; it was not filled in until the 1930s. Nearby piers with warehouses for convenient stevedoring had already been completed by 1905, two years before the Market opened.
History.
Before the Market.
Before the creation of the Pike Place Market in 1907, local Seattle area farmers sold their goods to the public in a three-square block area called The Lots, located at Sixth Avenue and King Street. Most produce sold at The Lots would then be brought to commercial wholesale houses on Western Avenue, which became known as Produce Row. Most farmers, due to the amount of time required to work their farms, were forced to sell their produce on consignment through the wholesalers on Western Avenue. The farmers typically received a percentage of the final sale price for their goods. They would sell to the middleman on commission, as most farmers would often have no time to sell direct to the public, and their earnings would be on marked up prices and expected sales. In some cases, the farmers made a profit, but just as often found themselves breaking even, or getting no money at all due to the business practices of the wholesalers. During the existence of the wholesale houses, which far predated the Market, there were regular rumors as well as instances of corruption in denying payment to farmers.
Founding.
As consumers and farmers grew increasingly vocal in their unhappiness over the situation, Thomas P. Revelle, a Seattle city councilman, lawyer, and newspaper editor, took advantage of an 1896 Seattle city ordinance that allowed the city to designate tracts of land as public markets. The area of Western Avenue above the Elliott Bay tideflats and the area of the commission food houses had just been turned into a wooden planked road, called Pike Place, off of Pike Street and First Avenue. Through a city council ordinance vote, he had Pike Place designated temporarily as the city's first public market on August 17, 1907.
On Saturday, August 17, 1907 City Council President Charles Hiram Burnett Jr., filling in for the elected mayor as Acting Mayor of Seattle, declared the day Public Market Day and cut the ribbon. In the week leading up to the opening of the Pike Place Market, various rumors and stories of further corruption were reported by the "Seattle Times". Roughly ten farmers pulled up their wagons on a boardwalk adjacent to the Leland Hotel. The "Times" alleged several reasons for the low turnout of farmers: Western Avenue wholesale commission men who had gone to the nearby valleys and farms to buy all the produce out ahead of time to ruin the event; threats of violence by commission men against farmers; and farmers' fear of possible boycotts and lack of business with the commission men if the Market idea did not succeed in the long term. Hundreds of customers soon arrived, and before noon that day, all the farmers' produce had sold out.
First expansion years.
In 1907 Frank Goodwin owned Goodwin Real Estate Company in Seattle, together with his brothers Frank and John. Headquartered in the city's Alaska Building, they owned the Leland Hotel on Pike Street and the undeveloped tracts of land that surrounded Pike Place along the Western Avenue bluff. On the opening day of the Market, Goodwin observed the early morning chaos of farmers dealing with large crowds. Sensing that their land was about to appreciate in value, they began to heavily advertise adjoining plots for sale. Work began immediately on what is today the Main Arcade of the Pike Place Market, northwest of and adjoining the Leland Hotel.
The first building at the Market, the Main Arcade, opened November 30, 1907. By 1911, demand for the Market had grown so much that the number of available stalls had doubled, and extended north from Pike Street to Stewart Street, doubling in size since the opening of the Main Arcade. The west side of the stall lines were soon covered in an overhead canopy and roofing, becoming known as the "dry row". The last of the core buildings of the Market for the coming decades was obtained in 1916 by the Goodwins, when they purchased a long-term lease on the Bartell Building at the corner of 1st Avenue and Pike Street. Renamed to the Economy Market, it became an expansion to the Main Arcade.
Throughout the early 1920s, the north side of the Corner Market became known as the Sanitary Market, housing delicatessens, butchers, restaurants, and bakeries. The so-called "mosquito fleet", the precursor to the modern Washington State Ferry system, would bring shoppers from various islands in Puget Sound to shop, and Market vendors began to bring goods directly to the docks for sales. Colman Dock and Pier 54 (then known as Pier 3) were within walking distance, and the persons coming to sell their wares at the market would disembark from the steamers at these docks. The area became a social scene, where young Seattle locals went to see and be seen.
In September 1920, the Seattle City Council quietly passed an ordinance that farmer's stalls at the Market could no longer be placed in the street, in response to complaints from some local businesses about traffic flow. A public outcry immediately followed from the farmers, merchants, and various citizen's groups. In the midst of the turmoil, the Westlake Market Company pushed itself into the situation, proposing that they would build a two-floor underground market at a building they owned on Fifth Avenue, four blocks from the existing Pike Place Market. The Goodwins, in response, proposed another counter-plan to leverage insurance bonds to finance another further expansion of the Market. As the city government began to quickly lean towards the Westlake proposal, the farmers began to formally organize together for the first time to protect their interests. The deciding Seattle City Council vote in April 1921 was in favor of retaining the existing Market location, and the Goodwins immediately began work on their next expansions.
World War II era.
At the time of the bombing of Pearl Harbor in December 1941, many of the farmers selling in Pike Place Market were Japanese-Americans. The late Seattle historian Walt Crowley estimated that they might have been as many as four-fifths of the farmers selling produce from stalls. President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 February 19, 1942, which eventually forced all Americans of Japanese ancestry in an "exclusion zone" that included the entirety of the West Coast states and southern Arizona into internment camps. On March 11, Executive Order 9095 created the Office of the Alien Property Custodian and gave it discretionary, plenary authority over all alien property interests. Many assets were frozen, creating immediate financial difficulty for the affected aliens, preventing most from moving out of the exclusion zones. Many Japanese Americans were effectively dispossessed.
Preservation and second expansion of the Market.
In 1963, a proposal was floated to demolish Pike Place Market and replace it with "Pike Plaza", which would include a hotel, an apartment building, four office buildings, a hockey arena, and a parking garage. This was supported by the mayor, many on the city council, and a number of market property owners. However, there was significant community opposition, including help from Betty Bowen, Victor Steinbrueck, Ibsen Nelsen, and others from the board of Friends of the Market. An initiative was passed on November 2, 1971 that created a historic preservation zone and returned the Market to public hands. The Pike Place Market Preservation and Development Authority was created by the city to run the Market. Over the course of the 1970s, all the Market's historic buildings were restored and renovated using the original plans and blueprints and appropriate materials.
Battle for ownership of the Market.
In the 1980s, federal welfare reform squeezed the social services based in the Market. As a result, a nonprofit group, the Pike Place Market Foundation, was established by the PDA to raise funds and administer the Market's free clinic, senior center, low-income housing, and childcare center. Also in the 1980s the wooden floors on the top arcade were replaced with tiles (so as to prevent water damage to merchandise on the lower floors) that were laid by the PDA after staging a hugely successful capital campaign - people could pay $35 to have their name(s) inscribed on a tile. Between 1985 and 1987, more than 45,000 tiles were installed and nearly 1.6 million dollars was raised.
The 1983 Hildt Amendment or Hildt Agreement (named after Seattle City Council member Michael Hildt) struck a balance between farmers and craftspeople in the daystalls. The agreement set rules that would last for ten years from August 1, 1983, and that would be successively renewable for further terms of five years. The precise formula it laid out stood for over 15 years, and it set the precedent for today's allocation of daystalls, in that it gave craftspeople priority in the North Arcade and farmers priority elsewhere.
Victor Steinbrueck Park.
Victor Steinbrueck Park directly north of the market was originally Market Park. From about 1909 the site held an armory, which was damaged by fire in 1962. The land was taken over by the city in 1968, and the remnant of the armory was razed. In 1970 the land passed to park usage. The resulting Market Park was majorly redesigned in 1982. After Steinbrueck's 1985 death, it was renamed after the architect who was instrumental in the market's preservation.
Modern day.
In 1998, the PDA decided to end the Hildt Agreement. While their proposed new rule to allocate daystalls was generally seen as more favorable to farmers, there were both farmers and craftspeople who objected, especially because the PDA's timing gave them little chance to study the changes. At their last meeting before the August 1 deadline, the PDA voted 8-4, to notify the City of its intent not to renew the Agreement. The City Council did not accept the proposed substitute. The Council and PDA extended the Hildt agreement 9 months and the council agreed to an extensive public review process in which the Market Constituency played a major role.
The public meetings did not result in a clear consensus, but did provide enough input for city councilmember Nick Licata to draft a revised version of the Hildt Agreement. Adopted in February 1999, it became known as the Licata-Hildt Agreement. The bad blood generated by the conflict spurred an audit of PDA practices by the City Auditor; the audit was critical of the PDA for occasionally violating the "spirit" of its Charter, but exonerated it of any wrongdoing.
Centennial.
Pike Place Market celebrated its 100 year anniversary on August 17, 2007. A wide variety of activities and events took place, and a concert was held in Victor Steinbrueck Park in the evening, consisting entirely of songs related one or another way to Seattle. The "house band" for the concert called itself The Iconics, and consisted of Dave Dederer and Andrew McKeag (guitarists of the Presidents of the United States of America or PUSA); Mike Musberger (drummer of The Posies and The Fastbacks); Jeff Fielder (bassist for singer/songwriter Sera Cahoone); and Ty Bailie (keyboard player of Department of Energy). Other performers included Chris Ballew (also of PUSA), Sean Nelson of Harvey Danger, Choklate, Paul Jensen of the Dudley Manlove Quartet, Rachel Flotard of Visqueen, Shawn Smith of Brad, Stone Gossard and Mike McCready of Pearl Jam, John Roderick of the Long Winters, Evan Foster of the Boss Martians, Artis the Spoonman, Ernestine Anderson, and the Total Experience Gospel Choir.
How the Market functions.
Organizations.
The Pike Place Market is overseen by the Pike Place Market Preservation & Development Authority ("the PDA"), a public development authority (a form of government-owned corporation) established under Washington State law. It is overseen by a 12-member volunteer council. Its members serve four-year terms. Four members are appointed by mayor, four by the current council, and four by the Pike Place Market Constituency. The Market PDA sets the policies by which the Pike Place Market is managed and hires an executive director to carry out those policies.
Established in 1973, the PDA manages 80% of the properties in the city-recognized Market Historical District. Its founding law—the Market Charter—requires it to preserve, rehabilitate and protect the Market's buildings; increase opportunities for farm and food retailing in the Market; incubate and support small and marginal businesses; and provide services for low-income people. PDA revenues derive from the Market's tenants through rent, utilities, and other property management activities.
The same 1973 charter that established the PDA also established the Pike Place Market Constituency. The Constituency elects one member to the PDA Council each year. Anyone 16 years of age or older who lives in Washington State can become a member of the Constituency by paying US$1 yearly dues.
Operating independently of the PDA, the Market Historical Commission (established by the 1971 initiative to preserve the Market) has the specific mandate to preserve the Market's physical and social character as "the soul of Seattle." The Commission must approve any substantive change in the use or design of buildings and signage in the Historical District, even when these actions are taken by the PDA itself. Members of the 12-member commission are appointed to three-year terms by the mayor. At any time, the commission consists of two members each from the Friends of the Market, Inc., Allied Arts of Seattle, Inc., and the Seattle chapter of the American Institute of Architects; two owners of property within the District; two Market merchants, and two District residents. They meet 22 times a year. The Seattle Department of Neighborhoods provides them with a staff person, and the city's Department of Design, Construction and Land Use (DCLU) can enforce their decisions.
Another key organization in the affairs of the Market is the Pike Place Merchants Association. Officially incorporated in 1973, it traces its history back to the Farm Association established in the 1920s. The Association connects market vendors to legal, accounting, bookkeeping, business insurance, and health insurance services and provides free online advertising for its members. It also represents its members and attempts to advance their interests and opinions. All PDA tenants are required to be members; daystall vendors also have the option to join. Since 1974, the Association has published the monthly "Pike Place Market News", which promotes the Market and its neighborhood. For over three decades, the Association sponsored a Memorial Day fair at the market; financial difficulties caused cancellation of the fair in 2004.
A separate Daystall Tenants Association (DTA) formed in the late 1980s to represent the specific interests of daystall vendors. The DTA formed in response to proposed increases in daystall rental rates. Most members pay a US$2 annual membership fee; the fee is optional. The DTA meets on the Desimone Bridge in the Market at least once each quarter and "as needed". Similarly, the United Farmers Coalition (UFC) formed in 1998 to represent daystall farmers who sell produce, flower, and processed food; the UFC represents only these food vendors, as against craft vendors. The Pike Market Performers' Guild, founded 2001, represents Market street performers. Among its members are Artis the Spoonman and Jim Page.
Friends of the Market, which spun out of Allied Arts in 1964 and over the next seven years spearheaded the activist work that saved the Market is no longer a driving force in the Market. Still, as noted above, they have two seats on the Historical Commission. They also give tours of the Market.
The Market Foundation (established 1982) was originally founded to support the Market's services for low-income people. The foundation now also supports heritage programs, improvements and repairs to historic buildings, and programs that assist the Market's farmers.
Conflicts.
The PDA is a public trustee charged with many potentially conflicting goals. Its charter mandates it to "ensure that the traditional character of the Public Market is preserved." It is specifically mandated to
The City Auditor's office has stated that there is an "inherent conflict... between the PDA's need to operate the Market as a successful business entity and its Charter obligation to support small owner-operated tenant businesses."
As early as 1974, a Seattle Department of Community Development study noted space conflicts between farmers and craft vendors. Conflicts can be exacerbated because the stakeholders with conflicting needs are not talking to one another. Quoting the same City Auditor's report:
Language barriers also play a role. For example, most of the flower vendors in the Market are H'mong; during the difficult negotiations in 1999 over replacing the Hildt Agreement, many were apparently under a misimpression that the proposed agreement would have halved the vending space they received for a day's rent; in fact, this was unchanged.
Further, the farmers who were the Market's original "raison d'etre" do not necessarily do well when the Market becomes more of a tourist attraction than venue for shopping for produce and groceries. "Craft vendors, antique and curio merchants, and booksellers…" wrote the City Auditor's office, "derive much of their business from tourists; fresh food vendors do not." Conversely, farmers have far more selling opportunities outside the Market than in the early and mid-20th century. As late as 1990, there were about ten farmers markets in Washington. By 1999 there were more than sixty. Most are seasonal weekend markets without most of the Pike Place Market's amenities, but they are not swarmed with tourists, parking is free or inexpensive parking and relatively plentiful, and food is the main focus of those markets, not crafts or flowers.
As a result, increasingly Pike Place Market daystalls are devoted to flowers and crafts rather than edible produce. "The Market," wrote the City Auditor's office,
Policies.
The Market's "Meet the Producer" mandate now includes craftspeople as well as farmers. Both can rent daystalls. Farmers take historic precedence, but the PDA "acknowledges the rightful and permanent position of handmade arts and crafts as an integral use of the Market's Daystalls" and their rules seek to encourage a lively mix. Some "grandfathered" vendors are allowed to sell merchandise not of their own making on essentially the same terms as craftspeople. Currently, there are rules to make sure that new crafts vendors demonstrate themselves to be skilled craftspeople making their own wares with minimal use of assistants.
A standard Farm Table consists of two adjacent daystalls; a standard Craft Table is a single daystall. Daystalls are between and wide. Craftspeople have priority on the Desimone Bridge, the west side of the Market arcade north of the Desimone Bridge and the outdoor slabs between the arcade and Virginia Street; farmers have priority everywhere else. If farmers do not fill their priority tables, craftspeople may rent those, and "vice versa". Priority is further set by separate seniority lists, one for farmers and one for craftspeople. For farmers, other factors besides seniority come into play, mainly how often the person sells at the Market. Farmers can pass permits through their family. The rules for joint and family crafts businesses are far more complex.
While farmers and craftspeople may make some use of "agents" to sell on their behalf (including vendors functioning on different days as one another's agents), in order to maintain their seniority farmers must be physically present one day a week and craftspeople two days a week. To sell on a Saturday, vendors must sell at the Market a minimum of two weekdays of the preceding week. There are also allowances for taking vacations and sabbaticals without losing one's seniority. Senior Crafts Permit Holders—craftspeople who have sold in the Market for 30 years or more—need only rent (and use) a daystall once a week to maintain their seniority.
The definition of permitted farm products includes (among other items) produce, flowers, eggs, cultivated mushrooms, meat, cultured shellfish, and dairy products. There is also a broader category of supplemental farm products such as wild-harvested berries and mushrooms, non-edible bee products, or holiday wreaths. These may be sold in conjunction with permitted farm products, but there are strict limitations to prevent these from becoming anyone's primary products. Rules vary significantly at different times of year.
Farmers, craftspeople, and performers all must pay for an annual permit. As of 2008, the fee is $35 for farmers and craftspeople, $30 for performers. Craftspeople who vend "off season"—January through March—pay an additional $35 for a separate permit. For performers, this annual fee is their only fee. Farmers and craftspeople pay day rent for any daystalls they use. Depending on the season and the day of the week, a daystall may rent for anywhere from $5.85 for a stall on a Monday-Thursday off season to $32.85 on a Sunday in peak season. There are also separate rents for lockers and coolers.
Compared to farmers and craftspeople, performers have a lesser role in the Market, but still one formally recognized by the PDA. "The PDA's mission with regard to performers is to maintain locations within the Market where performing artists may entertain Market shoppers in a fashion consistent with and complimentary ("sic") to the needs of the Market's commercial business activities and Market residents. Performers may receive donations and may display their recordings for sale, but prohibited from active solicitation of donations and from active sale of "any product associated with the performance".
In keeping with their lack of day fees, individual performers are not assigned specific places and times to perform. There are only positions in a (virtual) "line" or "queue" for each marked, sanctioned performance location. Queuing runs on an honor system. Each performance is limited to one hour if any other licensed performer is waiting for the spot. Electronic amplification is not allowed, nor are brass instruments or drums. Certain performance locations are further limited to "quiet" performances where (for example) even hand-clap percussion is not allowed.
Although they do not have the same strict requirements as for daystalls, most "commercial" Market merchants are owner-operated businesses. In the 1970s, when the Market was undergoing extensive rehabilitation and the future of the Market was somewhat unstable, the PDA consolidated its merchant base by giving merchant tenants very favorable leases, with longer terms and lower rates than were available elsewhere in Downtown Seattle. This policy was part of the reason that the PDA ran into the financial difficulties that led to its dealings with the Urban Group. The PDA now gives below-market rates only to start-up businesses, businesses or organizations designed to serve low and moderate income persons, and to "the Market’s unique character-defining businesses." The latter include produce, fish, and meat businesses. The PDA often will not renew multi-year leases for businesses with poor sales performance or other problems, but typically will allow them to remain indefinitely on a month-to-month basis. About once a year, the PDA has occasion to refuse to renew when a merchant's lease ends.
Housing and social services.
The Market is also a significant provider of low-income housing and social services. The Market Foundation supports the Pike Market Medical Clinic, Pike Market Senior Center, Downtown Food Bank, and Pike Market Childcare and Preschool (all within the Market), as well as low-income housing in and near the Market. They provide Market Fresh coupons to their low-income tenants, redeemable for Market produce, and implement the FoodLink program that distributes unsold Market produce to other Seattle food banks and meal programs. The money placed in the Market's giant piggybank goes to this foundation, as do the funds raised by several annual or intermittent fundraisers, including Pigs on Parade.
About 500 people live in the market. Approximately 90% are low-income seniors with subsidized rents. Their average income is only $11,095 a year. Among the low-income units in the Market are 41 in the LaSalle Hotel, 51 in Market House, 44 in the Stewart House and 96 in the Livingston-Baker.
The Pike Market Medical Clinic provides primary care and ancillary services to 3,600 patients. Most of these are either elderly, HIV-positive, or working poor. One third homeless, 30% are physically disabled, and 60% have severe mental illness and/or chemical addiction. The clinic provides basic medical care, subsidized prescriptions, lab work, mental health counseling, drug and alcohol counseling, connections to other community services, and sometimes even assistance in finding housing.
Approximately 900 people use the Market's senior center. Services include hot lunches for low-income seniors, help in finding housing and jobs, and a variety of classes ranging from physical fitness and health to language, geography, art, and computer training.
The Downtown Food Bank, located in the Public Market Parking Garage on Western Avenue provides groceries to approximately 1,000 people a week. About 265 bags of groceries are delivered weekly to homebound downtown residents. About 160 families receive infant milk, baby food and diapers.
The child care and preschool serves 90-100 families with children ages 2–5 each year. 84% of families with children attending are low-income and receive tuition assistance. Besides its educational aspects, the school provides these children with breakfast, lunch, and afternoon snacks and has a full-time, onsite child and family support professional to identify resources children their families might need and to link them to those resources.
Attractions.
One of the Market's major attractions is Pike Place Fish Market, where employees throw three-foot salmon and other fish to each other rather than passing them by hand. When a customer orders a fish, an employee at the Fish Market's ice-covered fish table picks up the fish and hurls it over the countertop, where another employee catches it and preps it for sale.
According to the employees, this tradition started when the fishmongers got tired of having to walk out to the Market's fish table to retrieve a salmon each time someone ordered one. Eventually, the owner realized it was easier to station an employee at the table, to throw the fish over the counter. The "flying fish" have appeared in an episode of the television sitcom "Frasier" that was shot on location and have been featured on The Learning Channel and was also in the opening credits of MTV's "". This attraction has also appeared on numerous prime-time installments of NFL games when the Seahawks host games at nearby CenturyLink Field.
The first Starbucks Coffee store, founded in 1971, was originally located at 2000 Western Avenue. In 1977 it moved one block away to 1912 Pike Place where it has been in continuous operation ever since. The store was opened by three partners: Jerry Baldwin, Zev Siegl and Gordon Bowker. They were inspired by Alfred Peet of Peet's Coffee to open the store and sell high-quality coffee beans and coffee making equipment and accessories. The sign outside this branch, unlike others, features the original logo - a bare-breasted siren that was modeled after a 15th-century Norse woodcut. It also features a pig statue called "Pork'n Beans," purchased in the 2001 Pigs on Parade fundraiser. Starbucks now owns the Seattle's Best Coffee (SBC) brand, which traces its history back to Stewart Brothers' Coffee, which arrived in the Market several months before Starbucks was founded. On March 8, 2011, the store was the site of a NASDAQ opening bell ringing as Starbucks (which trades on the market as SBUX) kicked off its 40th year anniversary.
After more than 30 years in the Market, the herbal apothecary Tenzing Momo has become an institution both for obtaining herbs and advice on their use. Founded in 1977, the name (which is Tibetan) means "divine dumpling". Nearby, Market Spice (founded 1911) sells slightly less exotic herbal substances.
The Market Heritage Center at 1531 Western Avenue is a small museum about the history of the Market.
Rachel and Pigs on Parade.
Pike Place Market's unofficial mascot, Rachel, a bronze cast piggy bank that weighs , has been located since 1986 at the corner of Pike Place under the "Public Market Center" sign. Rachel was designed by local artist Georgia Gerber and modeled after a pig (also named Rachel) that lived on Whidbey Island and was the 1977 Island County prize-winner. Rachel receives roughly US$6,000–$9,000 annually in just about every type of world currency, which is collected by the Market Foundation to fund the Market's social services.
Rachel provided the theme for the Pigs on Parade fundraiser that was first held in 2001 and was one of several events in various cities modeled on a similar 1998 event in Zurich; the Zurich event centered on cows and was the first of what have come to be known as CowParades. A similar Pigs On Parade fundraiser was held in 2007 on the occasion of the Market centennial, which happened to coincide with the Chinese Zodiac Year of the Pig.
Buskers.
Since at least the 1960s, Pike Place Market has been known for street entertainers. Besides the aforementioned virtuoso spoons player Artis the Spoonman and renowned songwriter Jim Page, Market performers in years past or present have included steel guitarist Baby Gramps; Johnny Hahn, who routinely hauls around a 64-key spinet piano; retro-jazzer Howlin' Hobbit, who more often settles for an easily carried ukelele; Evan Evanovitch, the well known accordionist who belts out rock and roll on his squeezebox, klezmer influenced musicians the Bus Tunnel Bandits, and hoop busker musician Emery Carl, chairman of the Market’s Performer’s Guild. blind autoharpist and singer Jeanne Towne; Kirsten "Mother Zosima" Anderberg, who for many years sang feminist and other political songs while dressed in a nun's habit; "a cappella" gospel singers Brother Willie and the Market Crew; the old-timey Tallboys; Johnny Cash sound-alike Vince Mira; the eclectic jazz-tinged sounds and painfully bad jokes of Amber Tide (Thaddeus Spae and his late wife Sandahbeth); alternative-jazz-pop singer-songwriter Alyse Black, and the late folksinger Jim Hinde, a Vietnam War veteran and PTSD survivor.
Jump blues musician PK Dwyer is credited with forming the first-ever street band to busk at the Market. He formed that band, Felix & the Freelicks, shortly after he arrived in the Pacific Northwest in 1971. The band evolved into various other alignments, including (successively) the Dynamic Logs, the Jitters, Throbbing Gems, the Royal Famille du Caniveaux / Gutter People of Paris, all of whom played at the Market. Some of these alignments also included Ron Bailey; the Dynamic Logs included Orville Johnson as well. The band, Morrison Boomer, is a more recent staple and known to record live music at the market.
Dining and drinking in the Market.
While one can easily graze one's way through the Market food stalls and shops, the Pike Place Market offers numerous other eating (and drinking) options. The once endemic workingmen's and sailors' taverns are gone; at roughly opposite corners of the Market, the Virginia Inn (founded as Virginia Bar, approximately 1908; operated as a cardroom during Prohibition, then Virginia Inn; passed into current management 1980 and slowly gentrified) and Place Pigalle (originally Lotus Inn, name dates from 1950s, remodeled 1982) retain their names, but both have gone upmarket. The Athenian Inn in the Main Market traces its history back to a 1909 bakery and is a relatively ungentrified bar and restaurant. Three Girls Bakery dates back to 1912 and may have been the first Seattle business started by women. While it is not in its original Corner Market location, no longer bakes on premises, and its current owner Jack Levy is a man, it still sells a vast variety of baked goods, does a brisk business in takeaway sandwiches, and has an old-style lunch counter.
For a different type of dining experience, the Pink Door (founded 1981), entered by a nearly unmarked door on upper Post Alley, is a favorite first-date restaurant, with solid Italian food, a fantasia of a dining room, a bar that sometimes features live jazz, and an outdoor deck overlooking Elliott Bay. Another restaurant combining Italian food and romantic ambience is the "grottolike" Il Bistro, located below grade in the Economy Market, off a cobblestone ramp that leads to Lower Post Alley. When it was founded in 1977 it was played an important role in the rise of fine dining in Seattle.
Other longstanding Market restaurants and bars include Lowell's (founded 1957), an old Main Market standby self-described as "almost classy"; French bistro Maximilien, founded in 1975 by François Kissel, owned since 1997 by host Axel Macé and chef Eric Francy, and highly praised by Julia Child; and the Copacabana (founded 1964), Seattle's only Bolivian restaurant, upstairs in the Triangle Market with a balcony overlooking Pike Place.
Notable people.
Frank Goodwin and his brothers developed most of the core Market buildings. He was largely responsible for the decision to keep ornament to a minimum, in order to keep the emphasis on the products rather than the institution and in order not to scare off people looking for good prices on their produce. Upon his retirement in 1925, his nephew Arthur Goodwin took over most of the Market ownership, selling some shares to people outside of the family.
Giuseppe "Joe" Desimone was born about east of Naples, Italy. He arrived in America from Italy as a stowaway, but soon became a successful farmer with land in South Park, Tukwila and the Kent Valley along the Green River. A longtime Market vendor, was one of those who bought shares in the Market in 1925, and eventually became its owner by slowly buying out Arthur Goodwin. He was president of the Market until his death in 1946. Outside of the Market, he is credited with keeping Boeing in the Seattle area in 1936 by selling them a large tract of land for a nominal fee.
His son Richard Desimone succeeded him as president of the market and served in that position until 1974. He kept the Market alive in dark times for farmers' markets, doing nearly all business on handshake deals rather than through formal leases. He later served on the Market Historical Commission.
Victor Steinbrueck was the leading architect-activist in defining the Pike Market neighborhood, and artist Mark Tobey in visualizing and recording, in developing his "Northwest Mystic" style of the internationally recognized Northwest School of art. Internationally recognized in the 1940s, Tobey explored the neighborhood with his art in the 1950s and early 1960s, as the area was being increasingly characterized by the Seattle Establishment as overdue for urban renewal, particularly replacement with a parking garage, high-rise housing and modern, upscale retail. People of city neighborhoods and citizen preservation activists struggled through the 1960s, culminating in 1971 with 2 to 1 passage of a citizen initiative for protection and citizen oversight of the core Pike Place Market that has since largely protected the neighborhood.
George Rolfe, the first director of the Pike Place Market Preservation and Development Authority (PDA), played a key role in the economic revitalization of the Market after it was saved by the 1971 referendum. It was under his management that the direction of automobile traffic on Pike Place was reversed and the pedestrian-friendly brick paving was introduced. Rolfe also emphasized the construction of pedestrian routes to the waterfront so that the Market became the center of a pedestrian network.
For many years, Sol "The Cod Father" Amon of Pure Food Fish has been the longest-tenured vendor at Pike Place Market. His father, Jack Amon, began selling fish in the Market in 1911 as a partner in the Philadelphia Fish Market. From about 1920 to 1935, he owned and operated the American Fish Company. In 1951 he bought the Pure Food Fish Company (founded 1917–1918), which Sol Amon largely took over in 1956. Sol had worked in the Market since 1947 and has been sole proprietor of Pure Food Fish since his father's death in 1966. He can often be seen outside his stall chatting with visitors and helping them choose their fish, including a brisk tourist trade in salmon packed to travel. The Seattle City Council honored him in 2006 on the 50th anniversary of his taking over the business: they named him "King of the Market" and permanently designated April 11 as Sol Amon Day. Amon is a longtime major supporter of the Market Foundation. On the first Sol Amon Day in 2006, Amon donated all of the day's profits from Pure Food Fish to the Foundation.
Notable buildings.
Few of the historic buildings in the Pike-Market neighborhood (and none of the Market buildings as such) are individually designated as landmarks or registered as historic places. Buildings included in the federally and locally designated historic districts gain most of the benefits that would accrue from individual designation, so there is little reason to go through the difficult process of obtaining separate designation.
Market buildings.
The Market began on a boardwalk adjacent to the 3-story Leland Hotel (1900, architect unknown). The Leland was incorporated in 1907 by engineer John Goodwin into the Main Arcade. In 1914–1915 he and architect Andrew Willatsen extended this complex further into the Fairley Building, which includes Lowell's, the Athenian, and the "Down Under". The complex was rehabilitated in 1977 by George Bartholick. As of 2008, the upper two stories of the Leland continue to be housing. Together, all of these constitute today's Main Market.
The two-story Triangle Market (Thompson & Thompson, 1908; rehabilition by Fred Bassetti & Co., 1977) originally housed the South Park Poultry Company. The 1977 rehabilitation joined it with the adjacent 3-story Silver Oakum Building (unknown, 1910; Bassetti, 1977). The Outlook Hotel (now LaSalle Hotel; architect unknown; rehabilitation by Bartholick, 1977) also dates from 1908. A legitimate seaman's and workingman's hotel until 1942, its Japanese American operators Rosuke and T.K. Kodama were forcibly interned during World War II. Nellie Curtis took it over, changed the name, and ran it as a brothel into the 1950s. Since 1977 the building has been joined to the adjacent Cliff House (c. 1901), and largely devoted to low-income housing. Shops and the Market PDA office are on the ground floor. Its roof provides outdoor seating for the restaurant Maximilien.
The Sanitary Market (Daniel Huntington, 1910; reconstructed 1942, McClelland and Jones; rehabilitated and extended 1981, Bassetti Norton Metler) reputedly was so named for its innovation at the time, that no horses were allowed inside. A fire on December 15, 1941, eight days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, severely damaged the building. Although the true cause of the fire was never determined, newspapers at the time speculated that the Japanese were to blame. The building was reconstructed as a 2-story building with rooftop parking. Nearly four decades later the parking lot was eliminated, replaced by two floors of residences.
The North Arcade (1911 and 1922, John Goodwin; rehabilitation by Bartholick, 1977) constituted a major northward extension of the Main Market, extending it to the northwest and adding 160 covered stalls.
The 3-story Corner Market building (Harlan Thomas & Clyde Grainger 1912; rehabilitation by Karlis Rekevics, 1975) sits on the right as one enters the Market along Pike Street. In its early years it included daystalls, and the businesses facing onto First Avenue were open-fronted. The Three Girls Bakery, the first known business in the Corner Market, is now located in the adjacent Sanitary Market. The basement was home to Patti Summers' jazz club for over two decades before becoming Can Can in 2006; the building is also home to anarchist bookstore Left Bank Books, as well as numerous other businesses.
Across Pike Street from the Corner Market is the Economy Market (unknown, 1900, as Bartell Building; remodeled by John Goodwin & Andrew Willatsen 1916; rehabilitation by Bartholick, 1978). The 1978 rehabilitation occurred in conjunction with the construction of the adjacent South Arcade at the corner of First Avenue and Union Street (Olsen / Walker, 1985). The South Arcade lies outside of the protected historic Market areas. It includes condominium apartments, but also the Pike Pub & Brewery and several other retail businesses of a similar character to those within the Market boundaries. Its owner, Harbor Properties, describes it a "adjacent to" the Market.
The Joe Desimone Bridge across Western Avenue originally connected the North Arcade to the Municipal Market Building (unknown, 1922 or 1924; demolished after a 1974 fire). The bridge is now enclosed on three sides (1985, James Cutler Architects) and used for craft-priority daystalls.
Other old buildings in the Market include the Champion Building (unknown, 1928; rehabilitation by the Champion/Turner Partnership 1977), originally a garage for the Dollar Cab Company, then a meat packing company, now ground floor retail with offices above; the Soames-Dunn Building (unknown, 1918; rehabilitation by Arne Bystrom 1976), once home to Dunn's Seeds and Soames Paper Company (who supplied paper bags to farmers selling in the Market), now retail, including the "original" Starbucks; Stewart House Hotel (unknown, 1902–1911; rehabilitation by Ibsen Nelson & Associates, 1982), a former workingmen's hotel, now retail and low-income housing; Seattle Garden Center (W. C. Geary, 1908; Art Deco details added 1930s; rehabilitation and addition, Arne Bystrom 1976) was once the Gem Egg Market and now houses Sur le Table; and the Fix-Madore Building (1916, unknown; rehabilitation by Bumgardner Partnership 1979), now an office and retail building on the west side of Western Avenue, connected to the Main Market by a footbridge.
Newer buildings in the Market include the Post Alley Market at First and Pine (Bassetti Norton Metler, 1983), the Inn at the Market (Ibsen Nelson & Associates, 1985); and The Pike and Virginia Building (Olson/Walker, 1978); and the Market Heritage Center (Scot Carr & Thomas Schaer, 1999). All of these echo at aspects of the architecture of the historic Market buildings. The Pike Hill Climb (Calvin and Gorasht, 1976) connects the Market to the waterfront; it occupies the same corridor that once (roughly 1911–1935) held a wooden overpass used by farmers to bring produce up to the Market after arriving by boat.
Listed buildings near the Market.
Along the southwest side of First Avenue, within the present-day historic district but outside of the original Market, the Alaska Trade Building (1915), 1915–1919 1st Avenue and the Late Victorian style Butterworth Building (originally the Butterworth mortuary, 1903), 1921 1st Avenue, are both listed in the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Outside the historic districts but within the City Clerk's definition of the Pike-Market neighborhood are the J. S. Graham Store (1919, designed by A. E. Doyle), 119 Pine Street; and the U.S. Immigration Building (1915), 84 Union Street. Other NRHP-listed buildings near the Market but outside of those boundaries include the Guiry and Schillestad Building (Young Hotel or Guiry Building 1903, Mystic Hotel or Schillestad Building 1908), 2101-2111 1st Avenue; the Renaissance-style New Washington Hotel (now Josephinum Hotel, built 1900–1949), 1902 Second Avenue; and the Moore Theatre and Hotel (1907), 1932 2nd Avenue.
Also in the Pike-Market neighborhood but outside the historic districts are at least two city-designated landmark not on the NRHP: the Terminal Sales Building (1923–1925), 1932 1st Avenue; and Pier 59, now home to the Seattle Aquarium.
Nearby attractions.
The Moore Theatre (1907) on the corner of 2nd Avenue at Virginia Street is the oldest still-active theater in Seattle.
The Seattle Aquarium (1977) is on the waterfront at Pier 59. In 1979 an OMNIMAX theatre (now "Seattle IMAXDome") opened at the Aquarium, at the time one of only about half a dozen in the world. The theater is an early tilted dome iteration of IMAX.
Besides Pier 59 (built 1893; pier shed built 1905), the nearby waterfront includes the turn-of-the-century piers 57 (built 1902), 62 (built 1901), and 63 (built 1905). The city purchased Piers 57–61 in 1978 after the central waterfront had been abandoned by freight shipping for years, supplanted by container shipping. Pier 58 was removed to build Waterfront Park, and Pier 57 was traded in 1989 for Piers 62 and 63. The latter two piers had long since lost their sheds (which were similar to the one on Pier 59). For many years they were the site of the Summer Nights at the Pier concert series, but the "aged and deteriorating" piers can no longer handle the weight of a stage and a crowd. As of 2006, the city is considering plans to replace these piers. Historic Piers 60 and 61 were removed for successive aquarium expansions.

</doc>
<doc id="19547612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547612" title="Samuel Lewis House (Bozeman, Montana)">
Samuel Lewis House (Bozeman, Montana)

Samuel Lewis House in Bozeman, Montana, United States, was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Samuel Lewis was the older brother of artist Edmonia Lewis. He was born in Haiti in 1835, grew up in upstate New York and became a barber in San Francisco, eventually moving to mining camps in Idaho and Montana. In 1868, he settled in the city of Bozeman, where he set up a barber shop on Main Street. He prospered, eventually investing in commercial real estate, and subsequently built his own home which still stands at 308 South Bozeman Avenue. In 1884, he married Mrs. Melissa Railey Bruce, a widow with six children; they had one son, Samuel E. Lewis (1886-1914), who married but died childless. The elder Lewis died after "a short illness" in 1896 and is buried in Sunset Hills Cemetery in Bozeman. 

</doc>
<doc id="19547657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547657" title="Samuel Lewis House (Mansfield, Ohio)">
Samuel Lewis House (Mansfield, Ohio)

Samuel Lewis House in Mansfield, Ohio is a Greek revival building. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19547692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547692" title="Black Belt Patriotism">
Black Belt Patriotism

Black Belt Patriotism: How to Reawaken America is a non-fiction book by martial arts expert, actor, and conservative activist Chuck Norris. It was published on September 8, 2008 by Regnery Publishing.
The book includes Norris’s eight-point political program. On his view he is following the teachings of the Founding Fathers of the United States.
The book begins with a chapter called "One Nation, Divided, and Without a Clue", which summarizes eight perceived threats to the culture and politics of the United States of America. It then goes on to detail the problems and the author's solution to them, in as many chapters:
Norris's exposition takes a decidedly patriotic, nationalistic, traditionalist and polemic stance throughout. He relies on common sense and tries to motivate altruism through historical Aesops. He also espouses a thoroughly foundationalist attitude, in quoting extensively from the likes of Hamilton and Jefferson. Such "old solutions for new problems" as he calls them, include restoring good government, reducing taxes and debt, addressing border and immigration issues, raising youth, establishing morality and civility, and even enhancing good nutritional habits.
The book contains extensive citations to references which are commonly held to be reputable, while at the same time most of the actual content is anecdotal. Some of the content has also been marketed as never having been published before, lending a personal note to the work while at the same time suggesting an affinity to exposee.
As examples of the varied content of the book, there are personal accounts of contact with border agents and troops abroad, stories of American-heritage revisionism, discussion of Norris's weekly work-out plan, ideas about the flat tax and traditional animosity towards Muslim extremists, accounts of religious experience, and even his family's nutrition. Such disparate issues are consistently interpreted through Norris's view of how early Americans, and especially politicians, saw them. A center-page photo addendum is included.
The book concludes with a rallying call in chapter 10, "Reawaken the American Dream," then gives a few appendices in which are copies in entirety of the three historical American documents that Norris says should be posted in every American home: the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Ten Commandments.

</doc>
<doc id="19547694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547694" title="John Akinde">
John Akinde

John Job Ayo Akinde (born 8 July 1989) is an English footballer who plays for Alfreton Town as a striker.
Career.
Akinde signed for Bristol City following the first ever transfer decided by a fans poll, in this case by the members of MyFootballClub. Prior to playing for Bristol City, Akinde played for Ebbsfleet United where he was a graduate of the academy. In 28 league appearances for Ebbsfleet, Akinde scored 10 goals, he also won the FA Trophy with Ebbsfleet in the season before joining Bristol City.
He scored on his debut for Bristol City in a 2–2 draw against Plymouth Argyle. Later in the season, Akinde signed for an initial month on loan to Wycombe Wanderers, on 11 March 2009. He also scored on his Wycombe debut, netting twice against Brentford in a 3–3 draw. Further goals against Barnet and Darlington led to the loan deal being extended until the end of the season.
On 13 November 2009, he returned to Wycombe Wanderers on a month's loan, this later being extended to two months, but he was recalled early by Bristol City on 7 January 2010. On 1 February 2010 Akinde joined Brentford on a months loan, making 2 league appearances, one of which against former loan club Wycombe Wanderers.
He went out on loan for a fourth time in August 2010 when he joined Bristol Rovers in a deal scheduled to last until 5 January. In January 2011 Akinde joined Dagenham & Redbridge on loan until the end of the season.
On 27 May 2011, newly promoted Crawley Town beat off higher league competition to sign Akinde for the 2011–12 season. He scored his first league goal for Crawley Town away to Shrewsbury Town at the New Meadow on 27 February 2012. On 17 March 2012, Akinde joined fellow League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge on loan for the remainder of the season, along with Charlie Wassmer. However, on 12 April 2012, Crawley recalled Akinde and fellow loanee Charlie Wassmer, to their push for promotion from League Two.
On 31 January 2013, Akinde was released by Crawley. On 8 February, he joined Portsmouth F.C. in a month-to-month contract. He made his debut a day later, against Bournemouth.
Akinde was released by Portsmouth at the end of the season, after failing to score in his 11 appearances for Pompey. He signed for Alfreton Town in August 2013 on a one-year contract. He made his debut against Kidderminster Harriers before scoring a hat-trick in his second game as Alfreton beat Salisbury City 3–2.

</doc>
<doc id="19547761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547761" title="St. Matthew's Anglican Church (Namibia)">
St. Matthew's Anglican Church (Namibia)

St. Matthew's Anglican Church is an Anglican church in Walvis Bay, Namibia. It is part of the Anglican Diocese of Namibia. Founded in 1914, the church is the second oldest still-standing structure in the city. In 2008, it was crumbling and had a dwindling parish of dozens. Despite being the second oldest structure in Namibia's second largest city, it was not registered as an historical monument as of September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19547765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547765" title="John Lewis House">
John Lewis House

John Lewis House may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19547775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547775" title="What About Me (Anne Murray album)">
What About Me (Anne Murray album)

What About Me is the debut studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1968 on Arc Records. Upon its release, the album was only issued in Canada (it would later be issued in the U.S., following Murray's 1970s chart success there).

</doc>
<doc id="19547801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547801" title="Safarabad, Ardabil">
Safarabad, Ardabil

Safarabad is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="19547813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547813" title="Sabir, Azerbaijan">
Sabir, Azerbaijan

Sabir, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547832" title="Dr. John Lewis House">
Dr. John Lewis House

Dr. John Lewis House is a house near St. Matthews, Kentucky. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="19547865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547865" title="John S. and Izola Lewis House">
John S. and Izola Lewis House

The John S. and Izola Lewis House, at 343 E. 720 S. in Orem, Utah, was built in 1938. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.
It was built by John Lewis, a public schools administrator.

</doc>
<doc id="19547873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547873" title="La Femme Accident">
La Femme Accident

"La Femme Accident" is a song by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the third and final single from their 1985 album "Crush". It peaked at #42 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19547920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547920" title="Michael Davidson">
Michael Davidson

Michael Davidson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19547931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547931" title="Foolow">
Foolow

Foolow (Old English possibly for "Bird Hill" or "Colourful Hill" ) is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District.
Village centre.
The village green contains an ornate cross, similar to the one at Wheston but possibly of later date. It is inscribed with the date 1868, when it was moved from the site of the Wesleyan Reform Chapel and its shaft was replaced. A former bull ring lies in front of the cross.
Lead mining.
South of the village, the Watergrove mine was active from the 18th century until 1853. Water was a problem over this period; both soughs and pumping engines were used. In 1837 a Fairbrother beam engine was installed. Its 80 ft (24 m) chimney stood until 1960. There are hillocks in the north of the parish that mark the sites of other mines. There are also sinkholes present- the most recent appeared in late 2013- believed to result from mine workings. It is probable that mining, whether lead or other mineral, has been an occupation for the people of Foolow since at least the 15th century. Robert Roworth, of Folowe, a miner, appears as owing £4 to Thomas Calton of Chesterfield, in a legal record of 1470.

</doc>
<doc id="19547938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547938" title="Cataloging &amp; Classification Quarterly">
Cataloging &amp; Classification Quarterly

Cataloging & Classification Quarterly is a peer-reviewed, scholarly journal that publishes articles about library cataloging, classification, metadata, indexing, information retrieval, information management, and other topics related to library cataloging. "Cataloging & Classification Quarterly" is notable for being the only academic journal devoted to library cataloging. Despite its name, the journal is now published eight times a year, but occasionally some issues are combined. The journal was published by Haworth Press until 2007 when the company was acquired by Taylor and Francis, the current publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="19547975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19547975" title="This Way Is My Way">
This Way Is My Way

This Way Is My Way is the second studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1969 on Capitol Records. Upon its initial release, the album was only issued in Canada (it would later be made available in the U.S after Murray's chart success there in the 1970s). The album included recordings of songs by Eric Andersen, Gene MacLellan and Bob Dylan. A single release of "Snowbird" would be issued in the U.S. in 1970, where it would reach the top ten and trigger Murray's career there.

</doc>
<doc id="19548036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548036" title="The Twinkie Squad">
The Twinkie Squad

The Twinkie Squad is a children's novel written by Gordan Korman published in 1992. The story follows the mis-adventures of Armando "Commando" Rivera, a feisty, popular basketball-obsessed hotshot who often gets in trouble with both bullies and teachers; and Douglas Fairchild, the tall, pale son of a U.S. Ambassador, who claims to be from a small middle-eastern nation called 'Pefkakia' because he was born on a jet plane in its main airport during an emergency layover. The story is ostensibly set in Washington D.C.
The beginning.
Obsessed with sharing his 'exotic culture' which he himself is largely making up, Douglas Fairchild comes across as eccentric, and fails his classes, which leads him to be placed in a special needs support group, condescendingly referred to as "the Twinkie Squad" by most other students. Later on at lunch, Armando "Commando" Riviera, is playing basketball outside, and Doug is sitting on a nearby bench writing in his "Pefkakia journal" (actually a notebook filled with nothing but the word 'blah'). Commando mistakenly fumbles the ball, which bounces and hits Douglas in the nose, causing a massive nosebleed (Douglas already has a bad post-nasal drip). Commando's enemy, Kahlil, reports him to the Principal, who accuses him of deliberately attacking Doug; and when Doug denies that this is how the incident happened, the Principal carelessly assumes that Commando is bullying him into keeping quiet. Commando is kicked off the basketball team and is also sentenced to a year in Doug's special needs support group with other "defective" students. The "Twinkie Squad", actually called the special discussion group, is made up of Mr. and Mrs. Richardson who have degrees in counciling and try to help the children. Apart from Douglas and Commando, there is Anita, who can't think up her own thoughts so she copies others; Yolanda, who is obsessed with movies; Gerald, who is incredibly shy; Ric, who is hyperactive and very jittery; and Dave, who has very low self-esteem.
Commando is also upset because his family has fallen on hard times, forcing his father to go back to school to earn a degree in Accounting and take the necessary exams to become a CPA(certified public accountant).
The "Grand Knights".
Douglas meanwhile, is failing his classes even worse than before, causing Martin and Julia, the husband-and-wife duo that leads the support group, to discipline him. However, he is completely undeterred and makes two efforts to raise morale with his new friends, Pefkakian-style. His first effort is to give the ragtag group a new nickname, The Grand Knights of the Exalted Karpoozi, which he claims was a noble Pefkakian order named after the great Karpoozi river (in fact 'karpoozi' was a word he found in his alphabet soup). Commando is intrigued by the idea, and uses his charisma and popular "bad boy" reputation to help Douglas organize the "Grand Knights" into an actual club. But when he tries to market the group as a voluntary-membership club, and posts a cryptic sign-up sheet for the Grand Knights without any description, it becomes the coolest and most exclusive club on campus, especially when he actually has to post a rejection to the most popular girl in school, since he doesn't actually have the authority to admit new members to the Twinkie Squad.
Garlic Squid.
Doug's second "morale raising" effort is to cook a fancifully made-up "traditional Pefkakian delicacy" for the Grand Knights. His choice is decidedly pungent: garlic squid with mango and banana; but this creates even WORSE problems; he attempts to prepare the dish in the school's Home Economics kitchen and hides the half-prepared garlic marinated squid in a hole in the ceiling when a class starts and it gets sealed before he can retrieve it. It's teamwork time: the Grand Knights of the Exalted Karpoozi have a mission to eliminate the stench of the rotting squid by any means necessary, including:
While the school is closed, Doug and Commando help the other kids in the Twinkie Squad, who are not really mentally challenged but are very shy, shed their shame, rebuild their lives, and become more social.
Meanwhile the school reopens but the rotting stench is still there; the Home EC room and the Principal's Office directly above it, are both closed off and abandoned because the smell is so bad that it makes people's noses and eyes feel a painful burning sensation.
Pranks and Scandals.
Doug sees that Commando is still being harassed by Kahlil, and is crushed at the prospect of not being able to play on the basketball team, so he thinks up a way to help him - as only a government diplomat's son could. He manages to steal a blank piece of paper from his father's office with the Surgeon General's signature on it, and typewrites a forged letter addressed to the Principal, testifying to Commando's innocence and calling for his reinstatement to the basketball team.
The Principal, shocked that the Surgeon General somehow knows Commando, and now forced to work out of the janitor's broom closet, is also baffled at what could be causing the horrible smell in the school, so he hires several "experts" to inspect the school:
1. A sewer gas expert - the principal figures they have a busted sewer main. The man tells him the school's sewer is in excellent order, and it's probably bad plumbing that's causing the problem.
2. A plumber brings his crew to inspect the school. They bang on pipes and cause a lot of noise and ultimately fail to find anything. The plumber guesses that the school probably has a dead animal trapped in the walls somewhere, and suggests that the Principal call the "District of Columbia Rat-catcher".
3. The rat-catcher shows up and brings several crewmen with x-ray screens to look for any suspicious creature hiding in the walls. The men disrupt classes several times to x-ray the walls, often repeatedly. However, as a squid has no bones, the dish that Douglas prepared doesn't show up on the x-rays. The Rat-catcher is stumped and tells the Principal that the next step is to close the school, demolish the walls, and find the carcass of whatever it is that's causing the stink. The Principal protests, and sends the ratcatcher away.
After this, students and parents are furious at the noisy disruptions in class caused by the plumber and the rat-catcher, and they are even more furious at the "Grand Knights" for not allowing their kids to join. They complain that the Grand Knights is a snobby, elitist club at school that's not letting anyone join. The Principal desperately asks the entire faculty about the identity of these "Grand Knights" and is shocked when David and Julia, the leaders of the special needs group, come clean that their "Twinkie Squad" is actually the real Grand Knights.
The Principal is then forced to open the "club" to every student that wants to join. Doug and Commando print up new fliers, with the sub-heading "NO REJECTIONS" and within a day the entire student body joins the club! Then at the very last moment, in a move pre-planned by Douglas and Commando, they and all the other original members of the special needs group declare that THEY are the leaders of the Grand Knights, and immediately resign, leaving the rest of the school as the shocked and dazed members of the Twinkie squad. The original members then get in a limousine (courtesy of Doug's father) and drive away to a party.
Epilogue.
Afterwards, Doug, Commando, and the rest of the Twinkie Squad sneak back into the school, break one of the roof panels in the Home EC room, retrieve the rotten squid, and try to bury it in the schoolyard when they are caught by a policeman patrolling the campus. He tries to arrest them, but at that moment, Ambassador Fairchild intervenes, explaining that his son was not a criminal. The cop is relieved; he believed the boys were burying decomposed human remains.
Commando's father passes his CPA exam and becomes an accountant. Then he and Ambassador Fairchild confront the Principal over his clumsy and prejudiced mishandling of the nosebleed incident. He's forced to admit that Commando is not a bully and apologize for interpreting an accident as a case of physical assault. He does, however, shock Mr. Fairchild by producing Doug's forged letter with the Surgeon General's signature.
Then Doug admits to Commando that he has bad grades because he wanted to show the world that he is different than his family, and that the entire Pefkakia act was made up. He also reveals that his binder, which he had appeared to be obsessively writing in all year, contained nothing but page after page of the word "blah". After Commando goes to his homeroom, Doug's father shows up with a gift of a flower pot full of "bullrushes" - a brown reed-like plant native to Pefkakia. He frolics in the bullrushes like a little boy, embarrassing himself but feeling young at heart. Then they go home and he tells his son that he had to apologize to the principal for him on account of the forged Surgeon General letter - which itself was probably a felony.
In other novels.
Pefkakia is mentioned in A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag, as the subject of a report by the ill-starred Jardine. King Phidor of Pefkakia is beheaded in a military coup, one day before the report is due.

</doc>
<doc id="19548079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548079" title="The Window (album)">
The Window (album)

The Window is an album by Steve Lacy which was released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1988. It features six of Lacy's compositions, one featuring text by the poet Mary Frazee, performed by Lacy, Jean-Jacques Avenel and Oliver Johnson.
Reception.
The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19548114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548114" title="Honey, Wheat and Laughter">
Honey, Wheat and Laughter

Honey, Wheat and Laughter is the third studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1970 on Capitol Records. The album was only released in Canada. It contained work by, among others, James Taylor and Gene MacLellan; MacLellan's "Put Your Hand in the Hand" would later be a top-ten hit for the band Ocean in 1971. 

</doc>
<doc id="19548140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548140" title="SWFU">
SWFU

SWFU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548145" title="Caleb Scudder">
Caleb Scudder

Caleb Scudder (b. 1795, New Jersey – d. 1866, Indianapolis, Indiana) was the third mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana and served from 1851 to 1854 as a member of the Whig Party. Born in New Jersey, Scudder moved at a young age to Dayton, Ohio. He was a cabinet-maker by trade, but also served as a magistrate before his term as mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="19548156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548156" title="James McCready">
James McCready

James McCready (b. 1816, d. 1909, Indianapolis) was the fourth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana and the first democrat to hold that office. As mayor, McCready appointed the city's first police force.

</doc>
<doc id="19548179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548179" title="Henry F. West">
Henry F. West

Henry F. West (b. 14 March 1796 – Oct. 1856, Indianapolis) was the fifth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. West, a Democrat, took office in 1856 but died a few months into his term.

</doc>
<doc id="19548207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548207" title="William J. Wallace (Indianapolis mayor)">
William J. Wallace (Indianapolis mayor)

William J. Wallace was the seventh mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana and the first Republican to hold that office. Wallace won a special election in 1856 following the death of mayor Henry F. West and the short interim of Charles G. Coulon. Wallace resigned his post in May 1858. His son Henry R. Wallace was also mayor (1913–1914).

</doc>
<doc id="19548215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548215" title="Samuel D. Maxwell">
Samuel D. Maxwell

Samuel D. Maxwell (19 Feb., 1803, Garrard County, Kentucky – 3 July 1873) was the eighth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Maxwell won three mayoral elections as a Republican Party candidate and held office from 1858 to 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="19548243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548243" title="John Caven (Indianapolis mayor)">
John Caven (Indianapolis mayor)

John Caven (b. 12 April 1824, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, d. 9 March 1905) was an Indiana politician and Freemason. He was the 9th and 12th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana as well as an Indiana state senator.
He moved to Indianapolis in 1845, began law studies two years later and opened a practice. In May 1963, Caven, running as a Republican was elected mayor without opposition and won a second term in 1865. 
Caven then served two terms in the Indiana Senate (1969–1973) before returning to serve another three consecutive terms (1875–1881) as mayor of Indianapolis. He won a third term as a state senator in 1887. Caven was never married.

</doc>
<doc id="19548257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548257" title="Daniel McCauley">
Daniel McCauley

Daniel McCauley (b. September 8. 1839 – d. 1894) was an American Union Army general and politician. He was the tenth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana (1867–1873).

</doc>
<doc id="19548272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548272" title="James L. Mitchell">
James L. Mitchell

James L. Mitchell (b. 29 September 1834, Shelby County, Kentucky – 22 February 1894) was an American lawyer, army officer and 11th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Mitchell was born in Kentucky and settled in Indianapolis in 1859 where he read law. During the American Civil War, Mitchell was an officer in the 70th Regiment Indiana Infantry and, near the end of the war, a major on the staff of General Lovell Rousseau. He returned to his law practice following the war and in 1873 became the first Democratic Party mayor of Indianapolis since Charles G. Coulon twenty-seven years earlier. In fact from 1856 to 1890, Mitchell's two-year term (1873–1875) is the only one not served by a Republican.

</doc>
<doc id="19548273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548273" title="Snowbird (album)">
Snowbird (album)

Snowbird is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued in 1970 on Capitol Records. The album was released as the first Anne Murray album available in the United States and consists of songs previously included on "This Way Is My Way" and "Honey, Wheat and Laughter". The photo and graphic design of the album cover are a reworking of the artwork on "Honey, Wheat and Laughter." The album peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 41 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19548287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548287" title="Daniel W. Grubbs">
Daniel W. Grubbs

Daniel Webster Grubbs (May 19, 1835 Henry County, Indiana–February 5, 1917, Harrodsburg, Kentucky) was an American lawyer, businessman and politician who served as the 13th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Born in Henry County, Indiana, Grubbs moved to Indianapolis in 1857 to study law. His political career began in 1878 when he was elected as alderman. Grubbs, a Republican, resigned in 1881 during his successful campaign for mayor. He served a single term (1881–1884) and did not seek reelection. Instead, he returned to his business career and moved to Parral, Mexico where he managed the mining and banking interests of his wife's family. After his retirement, Grubbs returned to the United States and died in Harrodsburg, Kentucky in 1917. He is buried at the Crown Hill Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19548304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548304" title="Caleb S. Denny">
Caleb S. Denny

Caleb Stone Denny (May 13, 1850, Monroe County, Indiana – March 24, 1926) was the 15th and 17th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Denny first worked as a teacher and librarian before completing a law degree. He served as the assistant attorney general of Indiana from 1873 to 1875. In 1985, Denny resigned his position of city attorney to try to obtain the Republican nomination for mayor of Indianapolis. He ran successfully against incumbent mayor John L. McMaster and won the subsequent election by only 60 votes (out of approximately 18,000). Denny was reelected in 1887. He chose not to run in 1889 and Democrat Thomas L. Sullivan was elected as mayor. In 1892, Denny returned to politics and defeated Sullivan. He served a single term.
Denny's son, George L. Denny also served as mayor for 6 months (1947–1948).

</doc>
<doc id="19548324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548324" title="Thomas L. Sullivan">
Thomas L. Sullivan

Thomas Lennox Sullivan (October 6, 1846 Indianapolis, Indiana–July 9, 1936, Indianapolis) was the 16th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. In 1889, he ran for mayor as a Democrat, was elected and succeeded Caleb S. Denny who had chosen not to run. He lost his reelection bid to Denny in 1892.
Sullivan was the grandson of senator Oliver H. Smith and the father of Reginald H. Sullivan who was also a mayor of the city (1930–1935, 1939–1943).

</doc>
<doc id="19548399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548399" title="Straight, Clean and Simple">
Straight, Clean and Simple

Straight, Clean and Simple is the fourth studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1971 on Capitol Records. The album contained material by Gordon Lightfoot, Burt Bacharach, Hal David, Kenny Rogers, and Kin Vassy.

</doc>
<doc id="19548400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548400" title="Nematabad">
Nematabad

Nematabad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548425" title="Detroit Sunday Journal">
Detroit Sunday Journal

The Detroit Sunday Journal was a weekly tabloid newspaper published from November 19, 1995 through November 21, 1999 in Detroit, Michigan, in the United States by striking workers from "The Detroit News" and "The Detroit Free Press." It was staunchly pro-union, and focused on labor issues as well as local news. It was one of the longest-running "temporary" newspapers ever.
There were calls for it to become a daily paper in the Detroit area, given its left-leaning tendencies and pro-union focus. The calls went unheeded, however, and it closed down as the Detroit Newspaper Strike was called off by the six unions participating in it.

</doc>
<doc id="19548438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548438" title="Brooke High School">
Brooke High School

Brooke High School is a public high school located in Wellsburg, West Virginia. It is the only public high school in Brooke County. The school teaches grades 9-12.
History.
Brooke High School was established in 1969 under the leadership of Homer S. Bodley after being formed from the consolidation of Follansbee High School, Wellsburg High School, and Bethany High School.
Band.
The Brooke High Marching band is often referred to as the "pride of Brooke County" and have many trophies on display in the music department.
Basketball.
The Bruins have six basketball teams. Both male and female leagues, and three divisions for each: freshman, JV, and varsity.

</doc>
<doc id="19548463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548463" title="Tim Barnett">
Tim Barnett

Tim Barnett may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548466" title="Charles G. Coulon">
Charles G. Coulon

Charles G. Coulon (b. 16 Feb. 1825, Göttingen, Germany – d. 2 Feb. 1881) was the sixth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Coulon emigrated from Germany in 1847 to avoid military service. Coulon arrived in Indianapolis in 1852 where he studied law and eventually opened an office. He was elected as justice of the peace in 1856. In November of that year, then mayor Henry F. West died and Coulon was appointed as interim mayor by the city council. He held office for two weeks and was replaced by William J. Wallace who won the extraordinary election. Coulon finished his first term as justice of peace (1864-1860), a post he also held from 1864 to 1868.

</doc>
<doc id="19548467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548467" title="Genetic Engineering (song)">
Genetic Engineering (song)

"Genetic Engineering" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, released as the first single from their fourth studio album "Dazzle Ships". Frontman Andy McCluskey has noted that the song is not an attack on genetic engineering, as many assumed at the time, including veteran radio presenter Dave Lee Travis upon playing the song on BBC Radio 1. McCluskey stated: "I was very positive about the subject." "People didn't listen to the lyrics...I think they automatically assumed it would be anti."
Charting at #20 on the UK Singles Chart, "Genetic Engineering" ended the band's run of four consecutive Top 10 hits in the UK. It was also a Top 20 hit in several European territories, and peaked at #5 in Spain. It missed the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 but made #32 on the Mainstream Rock chart. US critic Ned Raggett lauded the "soaring", "enjoyable" single in a positive review of "Dazzle Ships" for Allmusic, asserting: "Why it wasn't a hit remains a mystery."
Critics in prominent music publications have suggested that the first 45 seconds of the song were a direct influence on Radiohead's "Fitter Happier", which appears on that band's 1997 album "OK Computer". Thoem Weber in Stylus argued that the Radiohead track is "deeply indebted" to "Genetic Engineering".
Track listing.
7" vinyl single and 7" picture disc.
Side one
Side two
12" vinyl single.
Side one
Side two
Cover versions.
"Genetic Engineering" was covered by indie rock band Eggs and released as a single in 1994.
It was also covered by Another Sunny Day as a limited edition single in 1989 and as an extra track on the re-release of on their 'London Weekend' album.
Optiganally Yours recorded a cover for a "very low-key tribute compilation".
More recently, it has been covered by the indie rock band Oxford Collapse as part of the 'Hann-Byrd' EP released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19548470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548470" title="Talk It Over in the Morning">
Talk It Over in the Morning

Talk It Over in the Morning is the fifth studio album by Canadian solo artist Anne Murray (Morna Anne Murray born June 20, 1945) issued in 1971 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. It was reissued in the UK in 1981 by the Music for Pleasure (MFP) label with different album art but the same track listing. As singles "Talk it Over in the Morning" and "Cotton Jenny" were both #1 hits in the Canadian country charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19548497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548497" title="Sumner, Florida">
Sumner, Florida

Sumner is an unincorporated community in Levy County, Florida, United States. It is located on State Road 24 about southwest of Rosewood and northeast of Cedar Key.

</doc>
<doc id="19548539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548539" title="John W. Holtzman">
John W. Holtzman

John W. Holtzman (April 23, 1858 Berks County, Pennsylvania – March 6, 1942) was the 20th mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. Holtzman first came to Indianapolis in 1883 to read law. He was admitted to the bar in 1885. Holtzman, a Democrat, first ran for mayor in 1903 when he defeated Republican incumbent Charles A. Bookwalter. During the 1905 campaign, the two political rivals met again but Bookwalter prevailed and obtained a second term.

</doc>
<doc id="19548566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548566" title="John D. Caemmerer">
John D. Caemmerer

John D. Caemmerer (January 19, 1928 – February 7, 1982) was a New York State Senator representing what is now the 7th Senatorial District in northwestern Nassau County, New York.
Early Life & Career.
John Caemmerer was born and raised in the Village of Williston Park. He was educated in local public schools prior to attending Xavier High School in Manhattan and later Notre Dame University and St. John's Law School. Prior to serving as a State Senator Caemmerer had served as Deputy Town Attorney for the Town of North Hempstead as well as Village Attorney for the Incorporated Village of Williston Park. Both before and after being elected to the New York State Senate Caemmerer was a principal in the law firms, Pratt, Caemmerer, & Cleary and later Farrell, Fritz, Caemmerer, Cleary, Barnosky, & Armentano. During this time Caemmerer served as a local Republican Leader and eventually North Hempstead Republican Committee Chairman from 1966 - 1972 in the Nassau County Republican Committee.
State Senate Tenure.
Caemmerer was first elected to the New York State Senate in a special election in 1965 following the Supreme Court's ruling in regards to "one man, one vote" decision. Caemmerer first served as the Chairman of the State Senate's Committee on Villages and Local Government. After the death of State Senator Edward J. Speno, Caemmerer became Chairman of the Senate's Committee on Transportation in 1972. Caemmerer served in this capacity until his death in February 1982. While Chairman Caemmerer worked to increase penalties on drunk drivers while lowering the maximum allowable blood alcohol content from .15 to eventually .10 in New York State. Caemmerer was also one of the first New York State Legislators to propose a mandatory seatbelt law in the state. Caemmerer was also involved in the first MTA capital plan for New York State. Many in the Senate feel that Caemmerer's crowning achievement was the passage of the child seat law in 1981. Caemmerer served in the Senate and as Chair of the Transportation Committee until his death from cancer in February 1982.
The Long Island Rail Road's West Side Yard was officially named the John D. Caemmerer West Side Yard because Caemmerer obtained funding to construct the facility.

</doc>
<doc id="19548577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548577" title="Coughlan">
Coughlan

Coughlan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548578" title="Jack Gerke">
Jack Gerke

Jack Gerke DSO, AM (1916– ) is an Australian Second World War and Korean War veteran awarded the Distinguished Service Order for bravery during the Battle of Maryang San in July 1951. The Distinguished Service Order was awarded for bravery and leadership at Maryang San and he was subsequently admitted to the Order of Australia (AM) in 1976 for service to veterans.

</doc>
<doc id="19548591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548591" title="Catalonian Civil War">
Catalonian Civil War

The Catalonian Civil War, also called the War against John II, was a civil war in the Principality of Catalonia between 1462 and 1472. The two factions, the royalists who supported John II of Aragon and the Catalan constitutionalists (Catalanists, pactists, and foralists), disputed the extent of royal rights in Catalonia. The French entered the war at times on the side on John II and at times with the Catalans. The Catalans, who at first rallied around John's son Charles of Viana, set up several pretenders in opposition to John during the course of the conflict. Barcelona remained their stronghold to the end: with its surrender the war came to a close. John, victorious, re-established the "status quo ante".
Background.
When the war started, John II had been King of Navarre since 1425 through his first wife, Blanche I of Navarre, who had married him in 1420. When Blanche died in 1441, John retained the government of her lands and dispossessed his own eldest son, Charles (born 1421), who was made Prince of Viana in 1423. John tried to assuage his son with the lieutenancy of Navarre, but his son's French upbringing and French allies, the Beaumonteses, brought the two into conflict. In the early 1450s they were engaged in open warfare in Navarre. Charles was captured and released; and John tried to disinherit him by illegally naming his daughter Eleanor, who was married to Gaston IV of Foix, his successor. In 1451 John's new wife, Juana Enríquez, gave birth to a son, Ferdinand. In 1452 Charles fled his father first for France, later for the court of his uncle, John's elder brother, Alfonso V at Naples. From 1454 John governed his brother's Spanish realms—the Crown of Aragon—as lieutenant.
When Alfonso died in 1458, Charles was arrested and brought to Majorca. John succeeded Alfonso as ruler of the Crown of Aragon. In his will John named Charles as his heir. Among John's early unpopular acts was to quit the war against Genoa, upsetting the merchants of Barcelona. He also refused to aid his nephew, Ferdinand I of Naples, in securing his throne.
In 1460 Charles left Majorca unauthorised and landed in Barcelona, where he was welcomed by the two chief factions, the Busca, which were merchants, artisan, and laborers, and the Biga, which were honored citizens and landlords. John did not initially react to the situation, but he called Charles to his court at Lleida to discuss the proposed marriage of Charles to Isabella, "infanta" of Castile. He still refused to recognised Charles as his "first born", probably seeking to reserve that title for Ferdinand, but arousing opposition in the meantime. Charles opened negotiations with Henry IV of Castile, his father's inveterate enemy. At Lleida on 2 December 1460 he was arrested and imprisoned in Morella. This caused an uproar in Catalonia, where Charles was immensely popular, and the king was forced to suspend court. The Generalitat and the Diputació, the municipal council of Barcelona, created a Consell del Principat ("Council of the Principality") to settle the matter of the rightful succession. A parliament was called for 8 January 1461.
At the parliament, Joan Dusai, the noted doctor of laws, ruled that the king had violated four of the Usatges de Barcelona, four of the Constitucions de Catalunya, and the Furs de Lleida. The parliament then demanded that John name Charles as his first-born son and heir. This he refused, and the parliament assembled an army under the Count of Modica. The army quickly captured Fraga and John capitulated in February. He freed Charles on 25 February and, on 21 June, signed the Capitulation of Vilafranca, whereby Charles was recognised as his first-born son, lieutenant in perpetuity, and heir in all his realms. The king also surrendered his right to enter the Principality of Catalonia without the permission of the Generalitat. He was also forced to surrender royal prerogatives. The appointment of royal officials was to be done only on the advice of representative bodies. The treaty was a victory for the Catalanists (who stressed Catalan independence and preeminence), pactists (who stressed the relationship between monarch and Catalonia as a mutual agreement), and the foralists (who stressed the ancient privileges, the "fueros", of Catalonia).
Charles died of tuberculosis in Barcelona on 23 September, a fact which threatened the treaty of June. While Charles had inspired unity, his death sparked the reemergence of factionalism. Though the treaty allowed for the young Ferdinand, only nine years old, to succeed John, Ferdinand's mother was conspiring with the Busca against the Biga to have the treaty overturned.
Revolt of the "remences".
Civil war broke out with the peasant revolt of the "remences" led by Francesc de Verntallat in February 1462. The peasant revolted against the Consell del Principat with the hope of receiving royal support: Juana worked hard to stoke anti-Busca sentiment in Barcelona. In April a plot by some former Busca in support of the queen had been publicised and the deputy leader of the Consell, Francesc Pallarès, along with two former leaders, was executed in May. On 11 March, Juana and Ferdinand left unsafe Barcelona for Girona, hoping to receive protection from the French army there.
John signed two treaties at Sauveterre (3 May) and Bayonne (9 May) with Louis XI of France whereby the French king would lend 700 lances (4,200 knights plus their retainers) in military aid to John in exchange for 200,000 "écus" and, as surety of payment, the cession of the counties of Roussillon and Cerdagne, and the right to garrison Perpignan and Cotlliure. In April, at Olite, the French king had already agreed to acquiesce in John's plan to make Eleanor and her husband his heirs in Navarre and dispossess his eldest daughter, Blanche II of Navarre, who was given over to Eleanor and Gaston's custody. She was poisoned in prison in 1464.
At the same time the Consell del Principat formed an army to put down the rebellion of the "remences". The army of the Consell was placed under the command of Hug Roger III, Count of Pallars Sobirà, commander of the army of the Generalitat. After besieging and capturing Hostalric on 23 May, Hug Roger marched on Girona, where he was received warmly on 6 June while the queen and the prince took refuge in the citadel, the Força Vella ("old fort"), throughout June. Gaston of Foix, leading a French army, took Girona on 23 July and rescued the queen and prince.
Throughout the summer the Generalitat and the municipal council of Barcelona worked with the peasant leaders and various noble factions to draw up an agreement and bring an end to the revolt. The king, however, intrigued against it and negotiations were scuttled before a treaty could take effect.
War against John II.
John II took his first major offensive against the Principality by occupying Balaguer on 5 June. On 9 June 1462 the Consell declared him an enemy of the people and deposed. In August the Generalitat offered the crown to Henry IV of Castile, who accepted and sent John of Beaumont as his lieutenant. John II meanwhile marched on Lleida, which he did not besiege. He then defeated an army of the Consell near Cervera at Rubinat on 21–22 July, and proceeded to take Tàrrega. After the victory he joined his forces with Gaston's at Montcada in September and marched towards Barcelona. The city was besieged until Hug Roger III could arrive with relief troops by sea in October.
John II then marched on Tarragona, where the Archbishop Pere d'Urrea urged surrender. With the fall of Tarragona (31 October), Henry IV, who was approaching Barcelona by sea, opened negotiations with John and Louis XI. Throughout the winter of 1462–63, both armies were plagued with desertions and neither side could call on more than a few hundred, mostly demoralised, troops. John, though, was supported in Aragon and Valencia, and especially in Sardinia and Sicily. Major concessions to the Sicilian nobility in 1460 ensured that Sicilian grain and money to feed and finance the royalist cause in Catalonia after 1462.
In April 1463 John II ceded Estella in Navarre to Castile and in June Henry formally renounced the Aragonese throne. In October the Consell offered the throne to the constable of Portugal, a grandson of James II of Urgell, who was acclaimed as Peter V. In November a delegation of Catalans approached Louis of France at Abbeville to seek his arbitration, but he loudly proclaimed himself a Catalan dynast and mused that "there are no mountains" between Catalonia and France. The Catalan legates wisely decided to return without his arbitration.
Peter took ship to Barcelona, where he landed in January 1464. He lifted the siege of Cervera, but failed to duplicate the feat at Lleida, which John captured in July, and several smaller towns. Vilafranca del Penedès, where the Capitulation had been signed three years earlier, fell to the king in August. Cervera, Amposta, and Tortosa fell to John and the count of Praderas. Peter suffered a major defeat at Els Prats del Rei on 28 February 1465, where the count of Pallars Sobirà was captured. Peter died at Granollers in June 1466. Tortosa capitulated shortly after his death, as did some other small places. The king had offered to pardon his enemies and respect the Constitucions and the municipal privileges, so that the Generalitat was debating submission, but a minority on the Consell was deadset against it.
On 30 July 1466 the Consell elected René the Good, the Count of Anjou and Provence and failed claimant to several crowns, as their new king. His election—he was a grandson of John I of Aragon—was designed to fracture the French alliance. René sent as his lieutenant his blind son John II, Duke of Lorraine, with much needed reinforcements. Speedily John besieged Girona, captured Banyoles, occupied the Empordà, and entered Barcelona in August 1466. The entire Empordà, however, did not remain occupied for long.
In October John of Lorraine defeated Prince Ferdinand at Viladamat. The prince sustained heavy losses and John II, who had recently landed at Empúries, fled with his son to Tarragona. When the Duke of Lorraine was shortly forced to return to France to raise troops, Ferdinand campaigned northwards. All the while the king was working to foment a baronial rebellion against Louis XI of France and to foster a tripartite alliance between England, Burgundy, and Aragon. When, in 1468, the brother of the childless Henry IV of Castile, Alfonso de Trastámara y Avís, died, John rushed to propose a marriage between his son Ferdinand and Henry's half-sister Isabella, formerly the proposed wife of Charles of Viana.
In September 1468 Ferdinand took Berga. His proposed marriage won the approval of the Aragonese and Castilian magnates and was celebrated in Valladolid in October 1469. The Duke of Lorraine had returned to Catalonia in May that year and in June took Girona, which he had been holding out through 1467–68, and several smaller places. The Duke died in December 1470, before an attack on the mountainous redoubt of Francesc de Verntallat could be carried out. At a general "cortes" at Monzón in 1470 the king received the subsidy he requested to carry on the war until the expulsion of the French from Catalonia.
With John of Lorraine dead, René appointed John's eldest bastard son, John of Calabria, Count of Briey, his new lieutenant. In 1471 the French troops fighting with the Catalans retired to France and the advantage shifted decidedly to John II. Joan Margarit, the Bishop of Girona, returned his city to John (October 1471), followed by other towns. René died on 16 December 1470 and the Catalans lost their most important ally.
John II campaigned in the Alt Empordà until June 1472 and then against Barcelona. A naval and land siege lasted from November 1471 to 16 October 1472. By the Capitulation of Pedralbes, Barcelona surrendered to John, John agreed to let John of Calabria leave peacefully and a general pardon was granted. The Count of Pallars, however, was not pardoned. The acts of the Consell and the other organs of Catalan government since the death of Charles of Viana were approved and John swore to uphold the Constitucions. The Capitulation of Vilafranca, however, was rejected.
Aftermath.
The last action of the war was on the part of the Catalan barons of Roussillon and Cerdagne, which had been assigned to France as surety for war subsidies. The French were only slowly expelled. On 1 February 1473, John entered Perpignan to the joy of its citizens. He placed Catalan garrisons in the castles of Bellegarde, Collioure, and Salses. The French, angered by the abridgement of the treaty of Bayonne, counter-attacked a few weeks later, but some Castilian troops under Prince Ferdinand successfully resisted. John began negotiations that led to a truce in July and a treaty at Perpignan on 17 September. John recognised the treaty of Bayonne in return for French recognition of his sovereignty in the disputed provinces. John agreed to pay 300,000 "écus", and Roussillon and Cerdagne were proclaimed "neutral" until the payment was made.
John returned to Barcelona triumphant, but failed to raise the necessary funds. In the summer of 1474 the French conquered Roussillon and March 1475 Perpignan fell to them. The French raided the Empordà as far as Girona in 1476, and John, his allies tied up by their own wars, could not even oppose them. In October 1478 he ceded the two provinces to France until he could redeem them with cash. Revolts against his authority flared in Aragon and Valencia, which had stayed out of the civil war, and he failed to put them down. He did succeed in quashing a revolt in Sardinia.

</doc>
<doc id="19548599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548599" title="2008 AFL Rising Star">
2008 AFL Rising Star

The AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the Australian Football League. The 2008 Ron Evans medal was given to Rhys Palmer from the Fremantle Football Club.
Eligibility and Nominations.
Every round, an Australian Football League rising star nomination is given to a stand out young player. To be eligible for the award, a player must be under 21 on 1 January of that year, have played 10 or fewer senior games and not been suspended during the season. At the end of the year, one of the 22 nominees is the winner of award.

</doc>
<doc id="19548619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548619" title="List of ballets by George Balanchine">
List of ballets by George Balanchine

This is a list of ballets made by New York City Ballet founding balletmaster (and co-founder) George Balanchine:

</doc>
<doc id="19548678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548678" title="Tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Tennis at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Ta'if from April 12 to April 19, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19548703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548703" title="Kathy Dahlkemper">
Kathy Dahlkemper

Kathy Dahlkemper (née Steenberge; born December 10, 1957) is an American politician. She was elected the county executive of Erie County, Pennsylvania in 2013 and served as U.S. Representative for from 2009 to 2011.
Early life, education and career.
Dahlkemper was born Kathleen Ann Steenberge in Erie, one of seven children of Carl W. and M. Janet Clarke Steenberge. She graduated in 1982 from Edinboro State College (now Edinboro University of Pennsylvania) with a degree in dietetics. After graduating, she worked for more than 20 years as a clinical dietician, first briefly in Houston, Texas and later in the Erie area. Since 1997, she has been part-owner, human resources manager and special projects director of Dahlkemper Landscape Architects and Contractors, a major landscaping firm in the area. She is a co-founder/director of the Lake Erie Arboretum at Frontier Park.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Tenure.
Dahlkemper was a member of the Blue Dog Coalition. She supported the repeal of the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy for the Armed Forces, and was a co-sponsor of the Employee Free Choice Act also known as "Card Check". Dahlkemper identifies herself as pro-life, and was the "Hall of Fame" Award recipient at the 2009 Conference of Democrats for Life of America. Dahlkemper supported the Stupak-Pitts Amendment, an anti-abortion amendment to America's Affordable Health Care Act of 2009 (HR 3962), but later voted in favor of Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act after President Obama issued an Executive Order that barred the use of federal funds for abortions.
Political campaigns.
2008 congressional campaign.
Dahlkemper announced her candidacy for the Democratic nomination for the 3rd District in October 2007. As a first-time candidate for political office, she defeated the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee's favored candidate, Erie County Councilman Kyle Foust, by an unexpectedly wide 19-point margin.
In the general election, Dahlkemper faced seven-term Republican incumbent Phil English. During the campaign, she attacked English for breaking his original promise to only serve six terms in Congress, and also tied him to the Bush administration. She raised $872,000 to English's $2.2 million, but was aided by large spending by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. In the November election, Dahlkemper won in an upset, taking 51.2 percent of the vote to English's 48.8 percent. Though she won only two of the district's seven counties (Erie and Mercer), Dahlkemper secured victory by running up a large margin in Erie County, which she won by nearly 16,000 votes.
Dahlkemper was the first Democrat to represent what is now the 3rd District since Joseph Vigorito was toppled by Marc L. Marks in 1976, and only the third Democrat to represent the district since 1893. Although the district is anchored by heavily Democratic Erie, the largest city in the district (no other city has more than 17,000 people), it has historically elected moderate Republicans (most notably Tom Ridge, who represented it from 1981 to 1995).
Dahlkemper was the first woman to represent northwest Pennsylvania in the House, and was one of two women in the 19-member delegation from Pennsylvania, the other being Allyson Schwartz of the Philadelphia area. 
Her husband, Dan, was elected the first male President of the Congressional Spouses’ freshman class in 2009.
2010 congressional re-election campaign.
Dahlkemper was defeated by Republican businessman Mike Kelly by 11.4%, the highest percentage for any incumbent congressperson from Pennsylvania in 2010. While she carried Erie County, she lost badly in the rest of the district.
2013 Erie County executive campaign.
In March 2013, Dahlkemper announced her candidacy for Erie County executive, challenging incumbent Democrat Barry Grossman. She defeated Grossman in the May 21 primary with 52% of the vote and faced Republican nominee Don Tucci in the general election. She defeated Tucci in the general election, winning 57% of the vote.
Personal life.
Dahlkemper married her first husband while in college; they divorced when the marriage turned abusive, and she raised her first son, Aron, as a single mother on food stamp assistance. She later married Dan Dahlkemper, who adopted her son; they had four additional children (Gretchen, Linden, Tricia, and Nathan). She and her husband currently serve on the board of the Diocese of Erie's Worldwide Marriage Encounter. 

</doc>
<doc id="19548704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548704" title="Manawatu Turbos season 2008">
Manawatu Turbos season 2008

The Manawatu Turbos are the Air New Zealand Cup team of the Manawatu Rugby Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19548705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548705" title="Agro-">
Agro-

Agro- and agri- are prefixes that usually refer to agriculture. The following items use the prefix 'agro-' or alternatively 'agri-':
In agriculture:
In business:
In sports:
Taxonomic names that begin with 'Agro-' include:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="19548713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548713" title="Gardner, Florida">
Gardner, Florida

Gardner is an unincorporated community in Hardee County, Florida, United States. It is located on U.S. Route 17 about north of Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="19548724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548724" title="Telegraph (song)">
Telegraph (song)

"Telegraph" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the second single from their studio album "Dazzle Ships". "Telegraph" had originally been considered as the first release, but not being happy with the mix and, with pressure from Virgin, the band opted for "Genetic Engineering" instead.
The song was first recorded in 1981 at The Manor studios and had been under consideration for the "Architecture & Morality" album. The lyrics on the original 1981 version and the 1983 version are different in places, reflecting the harder edge the original version presented. The 1981 version was released on the 2008 re-released "Dazzle Ships" album as an extra track. The original inspiration for "Telegraph" came from Andy McCluskey's strong feelings against politics and religion at the time. These motifs were weakened for the version on "Dazzle Ships".
Critic Stewart Mason in Allmusic described the song as "The centerpiece of 1983's "Dazzle Ships"", concluding: "In the context of "Dazzle Ships", where the insanely catchy tune, augmented by rhythmic morse code signals, sounds positively symphonic in comparison to the skeletal, largely amelodic experiments surrounding it, 'Telegraph' is brilliant, a tongue-in-cheek ode to an all-but-obsolete technology that had once been state of the art, and as the state-of-1983 electronics of the arrangement sound more and more quaint, the irony grows sharper."
Track listing.
7" vinyl single and 7" picture disc.
Side one
Side two
12" vinyl single (extended version).
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="19548732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548732" title="Reginald H. Sullivan">
Reginald H. Sullivan

Reginald H. Sullivan (March 10, 1876 – January 30, 1980) was the 30th and 33rd mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. He is among the longest-lived Americans to ever be a mayor of any city. He came from a political family with his father, Thomas Lennox Sullivan, being a former mayor of Indianapolis. He was also a lifelong bachelor who was among the first people entered into the "Indiana Hall of Fame" in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19548740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548740" title="Journal of Psychology &amp; Theology">
Journal of Psychology &amp; Theology

The Journal of Psychology & Theology is published by Biola University's Rosemead School of Psychology. The journal was established in 1973. The journal primarily deals with the exposition of current psychological thinking with Christian evangelical concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="19548749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548749" title="John W. Kern, Jr.">
John W. Kern, Jr.

John W. Kern, Jr was the 31st mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19548761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548761" title="Walter C. Boetcher">
Walter C. Boetcher

Walter C. Boetcher (November 13, 1881 – October 5, 1951) was 32nd mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana. He served as mayor from 1937 to 1939. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Boetcher is buried at Crown Hill Cemetery in Indianapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="19548768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548768" title="Bogner">
Bogner

Bogner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19548797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548797" title="Icariin">
Icariin

Icariin is a flavonol, a type of flavonoid. It is the prenyl acetylation of kaempferide 3,7-"O"-diglucoside. The compound is derived from several species of plants in the genus "Epimedium",which are commonly known as Horny Goat Weed or Yin Yang Huo. Extracts from these plants are reputed to produce aphrodisiac effects, and are commonly used in Chinese herbal medicine to enhance erectile function, as well as for several other indications.
It is thought that icariin is likely to be the primary active component of "Epimedium" extracts, as it has been shown to share several mechanisms of action with compounds used in Western medicine to treat impotence and improve sexual function. In particular, icariin has been demonstrated to act as a PDE5 inhibitor and to enhance the production of bioactive nitric oxide, as well as mimicking the effects of testosterone. It also shows antioxidant, antidepressant and neuroprotective effects in animal studies, as well as stimulating osteoblast activity in bone tissue which has been linked to a possible therapeutic role in the treatment of osteoporosis.

</doc>
<doc id="19548815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548815" title="Tom Stern (cinematographer)">
Tom Stern (cinematographer)

Thomas Evans "Tom" Stern, ASC, AFC (Association of French Directors of Photography) (born December 16, 1946) is an American cinematographer best known for his work on films directed by Clint Eastwood. He has been Eastwood's primary cinematographer since "Blood Work" in 2002 and has worked as a gaffer since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19548847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548847" title="Bogdan Saltanov">
Bogdan Saltanov

Bogdan Saltanov (; 1630s – 1703), also known as Ivan Ievlevich Saltanov, was an Armenian-born Russian painter at the court of Alexis I of Russia and his successors. Saltanov headed the painting workshop of the Kremlin Armoury from 1686. Saltanov's legacy include Orthodox icons for church and secular use, illuminated manuscripts, secular parsuna portraits including the portraits of Stepan Razin and Feodor III of Russia as a young man (see Attribution problem). 
Igor Grabar considered Saltanov and his contemporaries Ivan Bezmin and Vasily Poznansky as the fourth and the last class of Simon Ushakov school, an ""extreme left wing in the history of Russian icon art, the Jacobins whose art departed with the last traces of an already evaporated tradition"" (). Studies of 1990s–2000s partially refute this statement, asserting that Saltanov was substantially independent of Ushakov and his legacy.
Biography.
In 1660 Zakar Sagradov, an Armenian trader from New Julfa, serving as an envoy of Shah of Persia, delivered Shah's gifts to Tsar Alexis. The package included, among other items, an engraved copper board depicting the Last Supper. The board aroused interest of the tsar who instructed Sagradov to return to Persia and hire the engraver into tsar's service. Muscovite artists were only experimenting with engravings on metal, and the tsar needed a professional to set up the new craft. The copper board was, most likely, a Western European product, however, Sagradov responded that he can hire at least an apprentice of the author. Six years later Saltanov, "the apprentice", arrived in Moscow with his brother, joined the staff of the Armoury and received a high salary. He was treated as a foreign noble, an honor rarely issued without reason. The artist converted to Russian Orthodoxy eight years later: conversion was equivalent to an oath of loyalty to the Romanovs and earned him the honors of a Russian noble, but also prevented the artist from ever leaving Russia. His brother, Stepan Saltanov, also became a Russian noble, a treasurer of the Armoury and a founder of the Saltanov family.
Bogdan Saltanov became the last court painter hired before the death of Simon Ushakov, the undisputed leader of Muscovite art school. Ushakov rated Saltanov's skills as mediocre. Saltanov was the fourth foreign artist employed by the Moscow court (after the Swede Johann Deterson, hired in 1643, Pole Stanislaw Loputsky and Dutchman Daniel Wouchters). When Stanislaw Loputsky, chief of the court painters, left Moscow in 1670s, his job was awarded to Ivan Bezmin with Saltanov second in command; Saltanov took the lead in 1686 following repressions against Bezmin. All the Slavic chiefs of painters' workshop, including Simon Ushakov, were naturally born nobles, and apparently Saltanov was also recognized as such. Saltanov's earliest attested work were the "tafta icons" - icons painted on cloth with partial cloth application imitating garments of the saints. Igor Grabar suggested that this new genre of icon was Saltanov's own invention owing to his Oriental roots, but admitted that the painting itself was mediocre. ""These strange "tafta masters", so non-Russian in spirit, thought and feeling, terminated the history of Russian icon art"" ().
Bezmin and Saltanov, as the workshop chiefs, were also teachers and mentors to the next generation of artists; there are 37 known trainees of Bezmin and 23 trainees of Saltanov, including Karp Zolotaryov. Their status at the court was radically different from that of traditional icon painters: Saltanov's primary function was to provide secular art for the court, not the church. Even when the subject of a painting was clearly religious, its treatment was a step away from icon tradition into a "westernized", secular art. The earliest royal commissions of this kind (secular icons on copper and glass base) to Saltanov are attested to 1670 and 1671, and 1679 for Bezmin. As a result of this practice of 1670s, the professions of court painters and icon painters in Moscow nearly merged, with court painters actively taking over the icon painters' church jobs. 
Saltanov died in Moscow in 1703; assumptions that he left the country and returned to his homeland are now deemed incorrect. He was married twice, and his second wife was reported alive in 1716.
Attribution problem.
Saltanov remains a controversial figure: his activities in Moscow are extensively documented through extant archive records, but no single piece of art has been undisputably attributed to the artist. Saltanov, unlike Karp Zolotaryov, never signed his works, thus attribution is based on archive records kept by court accountants. All opinions on his artistic style are not more reliable than the underlying attribution of his least questionable works - the "tafta icons" and the portrait of Feodor III of Russia.
The portrait of Feodor III of Russia was commissioned by Sophia Alekseyevna in 1685 to Simon Ushakov and Ivan Maksimov, but both these icon painters declined the job, and it passed to Saltanov. The absence of records confirming payment for the job to Saltanov led Elena Ovchinnikova to assert in 1956 that it was not Saltanov's work at all (she attributed it to Bezmin). For the next decades her opinion prevailed, but authors like Kazaryan (1969) and Komashko (2003) returned the credit to Saltanov.
Attribution of the Cross of Kiy icon from the Crucifix church in Moscow Kremlin and its copies is equally disputed. Tradition starting with the 1907 work by A. I. Uspensky attributes these icons (or at least the original "Cross of Kiy") to Saltanov. Komashko (2003) refutes this attribution: the court records say that Saltanov painted a similar image of a crucifix but not the cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19548889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548889" title="David E. Aldrich">
David E. Aldrich

David E. Aldrich (born February 8, 1963 in New York), is an American producer, director, cinematographer, editor, and information technology professional. He is best known for his involvement in the development and promotion of new media technology, and for his work in new media production.
Aldrich is a University of Washington IT Department Manager connected with the establishment of the first formal educational podcasting service in Washington State, in October, 2005. The University of Washington project was also the first fully automated podcasting system used in the educational environment. The goal of automation was to reduce the technology burden for instructors. Aldrich received an Undergraduate Academic Affairs Outstanding Achievement Award in 2006 for his role in podcasting development at the University of Washington.
In April, 2007, Aldrich and his development team introduced an automated video screen capture system at the Pack Forest Conference Center, in Eatonville, Washington. The system replicated the automated model of their audio podcasting system, and delivered flash video, screen capture, chapter-markers, and sound to students through a Web interface.
In 2008, Aldrich began producing Peckhammer TV, a web TV documentary series about people who ride and race motorcycles. Aldrich filled a void resulting from the lack of special interest motorcycle programming on Television by creating a motorsport show on the Internet. Forty-two episodes of Peckhammer TV were created between January 2008 and November 2010.
In 2011, he released "", a documentary short about a Seattle guitar-maker whose client list includes Jack White, Jimmy Page, Joe Perry, and many other well-known guitarists. The film premiered at the 2011 ITSA Film Festival, screening at the Historic Sonoma Opera Hall where it won an award for Best Documentary Film.

</doc>
<doc id="19548918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548918" title="Red Bend Catholic College">
Red Bend Catholic College

Red Bend Catholic College in Forbes, New South Wales is a Catholic high school established in 1926. It currently has an enrolment of 800 students from 7-12.
History.
Prior to 1977, the Catholic education of students in this region was provided by three secondary schools; Our Lady of Mercy College, Forbes; Our Lady of Mercy High School, Parkes; and Marist Brothers' College, Forbes.
In February 1977, these three schools combined to form one co-educational High School, with the name of Red Bend Catholic College, at the site of the former Marist Brothers' College, on the banks of the Lachlan River. This merger brought together the teaching traditions of the Mercy Sisters and the Marist Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="19548919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548919" title="Civil Constructional Corps">
Civil Constructional Corps

The Civil Constructional Corps (CCC) was an organised labour force of men who volunteered or were conscripted ("manpowered") into service to provide wartime infrastructure during World War II in Australia.
In April 1942, the CCC was established to supply labour forces for the creation of infrastructure like aerodromes, gun emplacements, barracks, roads and other projects undertaken by the Allied Works Council.
Labour was obtained by conscripting men between the ages of 18 and 60, who were not serving in the armed forces or a reserved occupation. The men received civilian award rates but could not strike and were sent anywhere within Australia where work was required to be undertaken. During mid 1943, almost 54,000 men were serving in the CCC, involved in hundreds of projects worth millions of pounds. 77,500 men had served in the CCC by the end of World War II and suffered 218 deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="19548928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548928" title="Christoforos Nezer (Bavarian)">
Christoforos Nezer (Bavarian)

Christoforos Nezer (; ; 1808-1883) was a Bavarian officer who settled in Greece. He arrived in the country in 1833 in the expeditionary corps that accompanied Prince Otto, Greece's first king. In mid-March of the same year, as a lieutenant, he was appointed head of the Athens guard. On 1 April, together with the Bavarian Major Paligan, he received the keys of the Acropolis from its last Ottoman commandant, Osman Efendi.
He married twice with Greek women and had 26 children. Of his grandchildren, the most notable were actress Marika Nezer and two further who bore his name, a cousin and a brother of Marika. He also wrote a memoir titled "The First Years of the Foundation of the Greek Kingdom".

</doc>
<doc id="19548933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548933" title="90th anniversary of the Latvian Republic">
90th anniversary of the Latvian Republic

The 90th Anniversary of the Latvian Republic was celebrated in 2008. Proclaimed on November 18, 1918, the Latvian republic asserted independence from Imperial Russia. International "de jure" recognition was obtained on January 26, 1921.
In addition to the various domestic and international events organised to celebrate the anniversary, a commentrative stamp and coin were issued to mark the occasion. Various governments issued proclamations congratulating the Latvian republic; The US resolution, backed by Barack Obama, called for the US president to urge Russia to admit the illegality of the Soviet occupation. The 90th anniversary prompted the publication in 2010 of an academic retrospective of the Latvia nation state during the period of the occupation of the Baltic states
Domestic events.
The celebrations, which spanned the month of November, were broadcast live and viewed by a total of 1.34 million Latvian residents, culminating with over 500,000 viewing President Valdis Zatlers' speech at the Freedom Monument on November 18, where a military parade was also held on that day.
International events.
A number of cultural events were held in Russia. On November 8 a concert was held in Moscow by the Moscow Latvian Culture Society Choir. On November 11 on Latvian Freedom Fighters' Remembrance Day saw the Russian premiere of the Latvian feature film "Defenders of Riga" at the Moscow Cinematography Center. The acclaimed chamber orchestra "Kremerata Baltica", pianist Vestards Simkus, cellist Marta Sudraba and mezzo-soprano Baiba Berke performed.
A concert program was held in the city of Vitebsk in Belarus, where contemporary and traditional Latvian music was showcased.
In addition to a gift of historical documents from the archives of the Hoover Institute related to Latvia – United States relations, the USA granted Latvia inclusion into the Visa Waiver Program.
United States resolution on the 90th anniversary of the Latvian Republic.
In recognition the US Senate commemorated the event by resolution. The "90th anniversary of the Latvian Republic resolution" () was submitted to the U.S. Senate by Senator Gordon Smith (R-OR), during the 110th United States Congress. The resolution congratulated the people of Latvia on the 90th anniversary of Latvia's November 18, 1918, declaration of independence; commended the government of Latvia for its success in implementing political and economic reforms, for establishing political, religious and economic freedom, and for its commitment to human and civil rights; and called upon the US President and the Secretary of State to urge the government of the Russian Federation to acknowledge that the Soviet occupation of Latvia, Estonia, and Lithuania under the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and for the succeeding 51 years was illegal. The resolution was introduced on June 9, 2008 and passed unanimously without amendment on September 16, 2008.
Co-sponsors.
The resolution has 6 co-sponsors (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="19548935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548935" title="Leonard Smithers">
Leonard Smithers

Leonard Smithers (19 December 1861 – 19 December 1907) was a London publisher associated with the Decadent movement. Born in Sheffield, he worked as a solicitor, qualifying in 1884, and became friendly with the explorer and orientalist Sir Richard Francis Burton. He published Burton's translation of the "Book of One Thousand and One Nights" in 1885. He collaborated with Burton in a translation from the Latin of the Carmina of Caius Valerius Catullus and Priapeia, a collection of erotic poems by various writers. He also published a limited edition of the "Satyricon" of Petronius Arbiter.
Smithers published works by Aubrey Beardsley, Max Beerbohm, Aleister Crowley, Ernest Dowson, Arthur Symons and Oscar Wilde and lesser known figures such as Vincent O'Sullivan and Nigel Tourneur. With Symons and Beardsley, he founded "The Savoy", a periodical which ran to eight issues in 1896. In partnership with Harry Sidney Nichols, he published a series of pornographic books under the imprint of the "Erotika Biblion Society": he was notorious for posting a slogan at his bookshop in Bond Street reading "Smut is cheap today".
When Beardsley converted to Catholicism he asked Smithers to “destroy all copies of "Lysistrata" and bad drawings...by all that is holy "all" obscene drawings." Smithers ignored Beardsley’s wishes, and continued to sell reproductions as well as forgeries of Beardsley's work.
After the trials of Oscar Wilde in 1895, Smithers was one of the few publishers prepared to handle "decadent" literature, such as Wilde's "The Ballad of Reading Gaol" in 1898, and "The Savoy".
He went bankrupt in 1900, and died in 1907 from drink and drugs. His naked body was found in a house in Parson's Green on his 46th birthday, surrounded by empty bottles of Dr J. Collis Browne's Chlorodyne. He was buried in an unmarked grave, paid for by Lord Alfred Douglas, in a cemetery in Fulham Palace Road.
Translations.
Leonard C. Smithers and Sir Richard Burton. "PRIAPEIA sive diversorum poetarum in Priapum lusus or SPORTIVE EPIGRAMS ON PRIAPUS by divers poets in English verse and prose". 1890 [http://sacred-texts.com/cla/priap/index.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19548958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548958" title="Painted dragon">
Painted dragon

Painted dragon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548972" title="Death Delights">
Death Delights

Death Delights is a 2001 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Gabrielle Lord.

</doc>
<doc id="19548980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548980" title="Wakiva">
Wakiva

Wakiva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19548983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19548983" title="Dream of Me (Based on Love's Theme)">
Dream of Me (Based on Love's Theme)

"Dream of Me (Based on Love's Theme)" was the second single from Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark's album "Liberator". The song uses a sample from "Love's Theme", a 1973 instrumental piece recorded by Barry White's Love Unlimited Orchestra. It was remixed by Gregg Jackman for single release.
"Billboard", in a positive review, wrote: "['Dream of Me'] is a sparkling pop bauble that will have you twirling back in time to your favorite disco memories. The tune itself is pretty and engaging, well-served by Andy McCluskey's warmly familiar voice."

</doc>
<doc id="19549062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549062" title="United States House of Representatives election in Puerto Rico, 2008">
United States House of Representatives election in Puerto Rico, 2008

The election for Resident Commissioner to the United States House of Representatives took place on November 4, 2008, the same day as the larger Puerto Rican general election and the United States general elections, 2008.
Background.
The incumbent one-term Resident Commissioner (same as non-voting territorial delegate) Luis Fortuño, of the (NPP/R), was retiring from his House seat to run for Governor of Puerto Rico.
Pedro Pierluisi (NPP), the former Puerto Rican Secretary of Justice under former Governor Pedro Rosselló, was the favorite to succeed Fortuño over economist Alfredo Salazar (PDP).
Regardless of which of the two men won, the seat would switch from Republican to Democratic hands in January as both candidates would caucuses with the Democrats. However, this seat would not have impacted which party controls the chamber.
References.
2. Pierluisi is leading Salazar 51% to 34% as of October 30, 2008. http://www.vocero.com/noticia-5761-slido_fortuo.html

</doc>
<doc id="19549096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549096" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T11

The Women's 100m T11 had its first round held on September 8, beginning at 20:52 and the A and B Finals were held on September 9 at 11:48.

</doc>
<doc id="19549100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549100" title="Lake King, Western Australia">
Lake King, Western Australia

Lake King is a town in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, from Perth along "State Route 107" between Wagin and Ravensthorpe.
Lake King is named after a nearby lake which in turn was named after the Surveyor General of Western Australia, Henry Sanford King, by Marshall Fox, the surveyor from Narrogin.
Settlers began arriving in the area in 1928 shortly after the area was surveyed and land was released. The town struggled through the depression but thrived in the postwar years on the back of high wool and wheat prices.
The Lake King Progress Association lobbied the government to declare a townsite in 1935 and the town was gazetted in 1936.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19549114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549114" title="Lufeng Dinosaur Museum">
Lufeng Dinosaur Museum

The Lufeng Dinosaur Museum is located in Jingshan ("Golden Hill"), Lufeng County, Yunnan Province, China. 
Lufeng is the site of numerous Jurassic dinosaur discoveries, first found there in 1938. Most well known is Lufengosaurus, a Jurassic prosauropod. More recently, teeth and a skull of Ramapithecus, a Miocene period primate related to the orangutan, have been found in Lufeng. 
The Lufeng Dinosaur Museum includes the hall of ancient living beings where four complete dinosaur skeletons ranging from 2.4 meters to 9 meters in length are on display. In addition, there is a display of photographs and diagrams of dinosaurs from around the world. The museum includes the hall of ancient bronzeware and earthenware and the hall of ancient Pithecanthropus. 

</doc>
<doc id="19549139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549139" title="Jean Dalrymple">
Jean Dalrymple

Jean Dalrymple (September 2, 1902 – November 15, 1998) was an American theater producer, manager, publicist, author and playwright who was instrumental in the founding of New York City Center and is best known for her productions there.
Biography.
Born in Morristown, New Jersey, Dalrymple, as a teenager, worked as a stenographer on Wall Street and then had a vaudeville act on the Keith-Albee-Orpheum circuit with Dan Jarrett. She began working as a press agent for the theater producer John L. Golden, and wrote a play, "Salt Water".
In 1932 she married Ward Morehouse, the "New York Sun" theater critic. That marriage ended in divorce. She later married Major General Philip De Witt Ginder. She had no children.
Dalrymple served on the Board of City Center, and in the 1980s, was president of the Light Opera of Manhattan. At City Center, she produced such works as "Our Town"; "Porgy and Bess"; "Othello" starring Paul Robeson and Jose Ferrer; "A Streetcar Named Desire" starring Uta Hagen and Anthony Quinn; "Pal Joey" with Bob Fosse; "King Lear" with Orson Welles and many others.
Dalrymple's written works include a 1963 autobiography, "September Child; the story of Jean Dalrymple"; "Careers and Opportunities in the Theatre" (1969); and "The Quiet Room : a play in three acts" (1958).
Dalrymple died in 1998 at her apartment on West 55th Street, across the street from City Center Theater, aged 96, following a battle with cancer. She is buried at West Point Cemetery next to her second husband.

</doc>
<doc id="19549150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549150" title="Happy End (1970 album)">
Happy End (1970 album)

All the album's lyrics were written by Takashi Matsumoto, with the exception of "Tobenai Sora" (Haruomi Hosono) and "Ira Ira" (Eiichi Ohtaki).
This album marked an important turning point in Japanese music history, as it sparked what would be known as the . There were highly publicized debates held between prominent figures in the Japanese rock industry, most notably the members of Happy End and Yuya Uchida, regarding whether Japanese rock music sung entirely in Japanese was sustainable (previously, almost all popular rock music in Japan was sung in English). The success of Happy End's debut album, as well as their following album "Kazemachi Roman", proved the sustainability of Japanese-language rock in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19549155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549155" title="Deaths in October 2008">
Deaths in October 2008

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19549198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549198" title="Chris Womersley">
Chris Womersley

Chris Womersley (born 1968 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian author of crime fiction, short stories and poetry. He trained as a radio journalist and has travelled extensively to such places as India, South-East Asia, South America, North America, and West Africa. He currently lives in Melbourne, Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="19549202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549202" title="Marika Nezer">
Marika Nezer

Marika Nezer (; 1906 – July 18, 1989) was a Greek actress. She was the daughter of Konstantinos Nezer, brother of Christoforos Nezer (1903–1996) and cousin of Christoforos Nezer (1887–1970) and granddaughter of Christoforos Nezer, fort chief of Athens and an aide-de-camp of King Otto of Greece.
Biography.
Early life.
She entered the theatrical scene at the age of 13 in Cairo where she understood at an excelled spot mainly in the musical review spots. She also distinguished in Greece in the review presentations and the councils of Sofia Vembo with the characteristic type of a "characterist".
Later life.
Until her elder age, she appeared in several movies.
She was married to the actor Errikos Kontarinis.
She died on July 18, 1989 and was buried in Vyronas.

</doc>
<doc id="19549288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549288" title="1994 Houston Oilers season">
1994 Houston Oilers season

The 1994 Houston Oilers season was the 35th season overall and 25th with the National Football League (NFL).
Despite finishing with a 12–4 record and a first round bye the previous season, team owner Bud Adams made good on a threat to break up the team if they did not win the Super Bowl. The two biggest losses the Oilers suffered were the trading of Warren Moon, the team's longtime starting quarterback, to the Minnesota Vikings and the departure of defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan, who was hired to coach the Arizona Cardinals. With Moon being replaced by career backup Cody Carlson and the defense left without its leader, the 1994 Oilers went into a tailspin despite returning several of their explosive offensive players such as Ernest Givins and Haywood Jeffires. The team started out with only one win in their first ten games, which led to the resignation of head coach Jack Pardee. When the season was over the Oilers stood at 2–14, tying their 1983 squad with the team's fewest wins in a sixteen game season and the second fewest overall, with the 1972 and 1973 squads only winning once each season. The ten-game swing is the worst season-to-season drop in games won in NFL history. Seven of their fourteen losses came by three points or fewer.
Although the Oilers finished with the worst record that season, they did not receive the #1 pick in the 1995 NFL Draft due to the entry of the expansion Carolina Panthers and Jacksonville Jaguars into the league (under NFL rules, a new team is automatically granted the first pick in their first draft, unless they decide to give it up as the Panthers would do). However, the news was not all negative. With the high pick the Oilers chose Steve McNair, who would go on to become one of the franchise's all-time great players, and after Pardee resigned his defensive coordinator Jeff Fisher was promoted to replace him. Fisher would go on to lead the franchise, which moved to Tennessee under his watch, for the remaining five games of the 1994 season and stay for the next sixteen seasons before he was fired following the 2010 season.
Offseason.
After having imploded in the playoffs against Kansas City in the , the Oilers traded long-time quarterback Warren Moon to Minnesota, leaving Cody Carlson as the starter for the 1994 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19549343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549343" title="Prophethood (Twelver Shi'i Doctrine)">
Prophethood (Twelver Shi'i Doctrine)

In Twelver Shi`ah Islam Prophethood is an institution by which God sends Prophets to guide mankind and the jinn to absolute peace and perfection, or complete submission to God.
It is believed that the prophets and messengers (Adam being the first prophet and Muhammad the last) appointed by Allah.

</doc>
<doc id="19549354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549354" title="Spånga Church">
Spånga Church

Spånga kyrka is a church in the Spånga-Tensta borough in Stockholm, Sweden. The oldest part of the church origins from the time period 1175 – 1200. Large reconstructions and enhancements took place during the 14th century and the 15th century. 
Baron Gustaf Bonde (1620–1667), owner of the nearby Hässelby castle, made considerable donations to the church. After his death a grave choir, drawn by the architect Nicodemus Tessin the Elder, was attached as a continuation of the church, in which he and his descendants are buried. The church also contains other historical monuments, such as several fresco paintings from the Middle Ages. The church was latest renovated 1953–1955.
Paintings.
The first church paintings are probably from the 14th century, when the long nave was built. These were mostly abstract decorations, geometrical patterns and ornaments. Paintings from the early 15th century are interpreted as biblical motives from the Old Testament, the prophets Elijah and Elisha, but with landscape, houses, clothing and tools common at the time of painting. The name of the painter(s) from this period are not known. In the late 15th century the triumph arch was set up, as well as a new choir, and paintings from this period are of a different style, with motives from both the Old and New Testament, as well as later Saints.
At a church restoration in 1789 all paintings were overpainted with white. The interior walls remained white until a new restoration around 1900. This restoration was quite rough, and the walls were repainted. In the 1950s the walls went through a new restoration, which aimed to bring forward some of the original middle age paintings that had been covered 160 years earlier.
Runestone.
A granite rune stone, designated as U 61 in Rundata, dated from the Viking era stands outside the church. On one side the stone has a runic inscription within bands with an interior Christian cross design, and on the other side it has a second cross. It is classified as being carved in runestone style RAK, which is the oldest style. This classification is used for those inscriptions where the runic text band ends are straight and do not have any attached serpent or animal heads. The runic inscription for stylistic reasons has been attributed to a runemaster named Gunnar. Other runestones are also attributed to this runemaster and he signed the runic inscription U 226 at Arkils tingstad.
Of the personal names mentioned in the inscription, Þorbiorn or Þorbjôrn means "Thor's Bear," Gunnbiorn or Gunnbjôrn means "Battle Bear," Halfdan means "Half Dane," Ulf or Ulfr means "Wolf," and Biorn or Bjôrn means "Bear."
Inscription.
A transliteration of the runic inscription to roman letters is:
A transcription into Old Norse is:
A translation into English is:
Notable events.
In 1901, Spånga kyrka was one of two churches designated control points for the first public orienteering competition ever held in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19549367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549367" title="Everyday (OMD song)">
Everyday (OMD song)

"Everyday" was the third single from Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark's album "Liberator". Co-founder Paul Humphreys, who had left the band four years prior, is credited as a co-writer.

</doc>
<doc id="19549370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549370" title="Bromma Church">
Bromma Church

Bromma kyrka is a so-called round church in the borough Bromma in Stockholm, Sweden. The oldest parts of the church were built in the later 12th century as a fortress church, and the church is among Stockholm's oldest buildings. 
Today it has seven parts: roundhouse, nave, choir, sacristy, grave choir, weaponhouse and crypt.
History.
Originally the church consisted of the round house and a choir on the east side. The nave and the sacristy were constructed in the mid 15th century, built in stone. In the 1480s Albertus Pictor or his pupils painted more than forty biblical church wall paintings, which were restored from overpaints by restorations in 1905-1906. Motives of the paintings are taken from both the Old and the New Testament. On the southern wall of the round house is a crucifix dated from the 15th century.
At the end of the 17th century several changes to the church were done by the vicar, Johannes Vultejus, vicar 1679-1700. The church's current roof, spire, pulpit and a wooden altar are from this period. The pulpit, dated from 1686, is a pentagon containing fields with paintings of Christ and the four evangelists. In 1703 a grave choir was constructed for the family "Hjärne". The altarpiece is from 1818, surrounded by statues of Saint Peter and Paul, and the church also has some handsome epitaphs.
Relation to other churches.
Other Swedish round churches are "Solna kyrka", "Munsö kyrka", "Voxtorps kyrka", "Hagby kyrka", "Valleberga kyrka", "Skörstorps kyrka" and "Vårdsbergs kyrka".
In 1901, Bromma kyrka was one of two churches designated control points for the first public orienteering competition ever held in Sweden.
Bromma kyrka was selected Stockholms län's most beautiful church in a 2006 survey among listeners to a local radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="19549374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549374" title="First impression">
First impression

First impression may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19549454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549454" title="Pester Lloyd">
Pester Lloyd

Pester Lloyd is a German language online daily newspaper from Budapest, Hungary with the focus "on Hungary and Eastern Europe".
History.
Its first stint of existence was from 1854 to 1945; until 1945 it was the leading German language publication in Hungary.Its origin was a vital part of the modernization of Hungary in the 1850s. Until then Hungary was part of the Hapsburg Empire, ruled by the autocratic regime in Vienna. It chafed under restrictions which tended to see it as a vassal to be exploited for its agricultural products, for tax income, and for conscripts for the Austrian army, while at the same time keeping industrial development and financial power in Austrian hands. In the 1840s the political and business classes, led by Lajos Kossuth and his vision pressed for change, but met with obstinate resistance in Vienna. The result, in 1848, was the Hungarian Revolution which became a war for independence from Austria. Kossuth and his associates created an independent government and succeeded for a time, but upon Russian intervention it was quickly put down. In the aftermath the leaders of the rebellion were hanged, imprisoned or exiled and Hungary faced years of brutal military occupation by the Austrian army. All political life was totally stamped out.
Far-sighted individuals who survived all this now asked themselves, what can we do to rebuild Hungary? Organizations or publications of the least political nature were clearly out of the question but Austrian policy allowed, even encouraged, economic development—in the late 1830s investment in the building of railroads had created great profits and the banks in Vienna had an appetite for more of the same.
The political and financial heart of Hungary was the sprawling market city of Pest, the portion of present- day Budapest on the left bank of the Danube. Its location there had over many centuries made it a trading center for merchandise moving between northern Europe and the East — Turkey, Russia and beyond. Its quarterly expositions mounted 900 booths and attracted thousands of dealers. In 1844, 15,000 wagon loads plus 947 river boatloads of goods were sold in the markets of Pest. The main products were agricultural: wool, wheat, tobacco, swine and cattle.
Despite all that commerce Pest had little industrial facilities. The only sizable steam engines (40 and 60 HP) were in the two small rolling mills for metal. Beyond that a mere 13 additional small steam engines of 3 to 12 HP were to be found among the two oil mills, a silk factory, three other textile mills with a mere total of 45 looms, and a few other small industries.
So the life of Pest was more about trading than industry. In 1846 it had a wholesale merchants’ association with 36 members. There were also two retail merchants associations: a Gentile one with 245 members and a Jewish one with 136 members. Craft guilds with a total of 3445 members existed as well.
Aside from those modest organizations Pest was an inchoate city of individuals, more like an oriental bazaar than a modern society. As a result of its rapid growth in just a few decades, the business community was made up largely of newcomers from the far reaches of the Hapsburg Empire, so most of the business people were strangers to one another.
Among the mercantile elements in Pest were some who had a vision for political and economic progress. That vision was to turn this mass of people into a community that worked together and would have an economic operation as modern as those of London, Paris or Vienna, if not as large.
These men had a clear plan for carrying out their vision and by 1853 it took the form of an association which they named Die Pester Lloyd Gesellschaft. It differed greatly from the earlier merchants’ associations: first, membership was open without religious distinction; second, it included as honorary members dignitaries, officials, educated people and artists. The enthusiastic reception of this project was shown by the initial enrollment of 620 members.
From the first it was designed to work on two levels, the social and the technical. On the social level Pester Lloyd quickly began to organize weekly concerts, social events, and lectures on natural science, chemistry, geology, etc. As a venue for this public life they obtained the Casino, the largest hall in the city. Once refurbished, it was the handsomest as well.
On the technical level the Gesellschaft took three steps: They established a grain exchange hall, a bourse (stock market), and a daily newspaper, the Pester-Lloyd Tagesblatt. The paper carried general news, official announcements, rail and boat schedules, exchange rates and market quotations. In the 50-year retrospective volume of the Pester Lloyd Gesellschaft issued in 1903, the Tagesblatt is designated as the outstanding product of the organization.
Born under conditions of severe censorship, the Tagesblatt focused primarily on the Hungarian economic world at first. In small steps, however, the editor Dr. Johann Weisz expanded that agenda. Working with the quiet but esteemed political statesman Ferenc Deak he found ways to spread liberal ideas, to quietly help their supporters, and to advance the concept of the Hungarian state in a period when it was non-existent as such. It grew from a paper dealing primarily with commercial matters to become as much of a political newspaper as they could push against the limits.
Incidentally Weisz’s knowledge of history and politics was so profound that when the talk of a new Hungarian government began in 1861 the national leaders, Deak and Gyula Androssy turned to him for guidance. The treatise that he produced, "The Struggle for the Hungarian Constitution," published in the Egydische series, became an oft-cited textbook.
In the period when German was the official language, the Tagesblatt was the leading newspaper in the country. Even after Hungarian became the official language again, German still remained the dominant lingua franca in foreign trade, and Pester Lloyd has continuously been the strongest German-language publication in Hungary. Over the years it was prominent enough to attract such internationally famous contributors as Theodor Herzl, Max Nordau, Thomas Mann, Stefan Zweig, Joseph Roth, Alfred Polgar, Ferenc Molnár, Dezső Kosztolányi, Egon Erwin Kisch, Bertha von Suttner, Franz Werfel and Felix Salten.
Being published outside the Third Reich's borders until World War II, Pester Lloyd was not subject to Nazi Gleichschaltung and thus, in an article on September 16, 1935, openly criticized the antisemitic Nuremberg Laws of 1935. The paper spoke of the laws allowing an extent of discrimination unheard of in history and compared the situation of the Jews in Nazi Germany to those of the Helots, a slave class in the ancient Greek state of Sparta.
In 1994 the publication resumed as a weekly magazine under the proud title "Der Neue Pester Lloyd". The initial title "Pester Lloyd" was restored in 1999 (editor in chief: Gotthard B. Schicker).
Since 2004, the "Wiener Lloyd" is part of the publication every four to six weeks, as an insert, reflecting the relations between the two capitals, Vienna and Budapest, of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire.
In June 2009 the Pester Lloyd's print version was discontinued for economic reasons. New articles can still be read on the newspaper's website.
References.
Anton Deutsch, Die Pester Lloyd Gesellschaft, 1903
Johann Weisz Obituary, Pester Lloyd Tagesblatt, November 5, 1900

</doc>
<doc id="19549465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549465" title="USS P. K. Bauman (SP-377)">
USS P. K. Bauman (SP-377)

USS "P. K. Bauman" (SP-377) was a patrol vessel that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
"P. K. Bauman" was built in 1912 by M. M. Davis and Sons, Solomons, Maryland, as a freighter. She was acquired by the United States Navy under charter from M. M. Davis and Sons on 28 May 1917 for service in World War I, designated SP-377, and commissioned at Norfolk, Virginia, on 10 August 1917 with Lieutenant Charles F. Chambers, USNRF, in command.
"P. K. Bauman" was assigned to Squadron 4, Atlantic Patrol Force, for overseas escort duty. The squadron, commanded by Captain Thomas P. Magruder aboard his flagship, the armed yacht , departed Boston, Massachusetts, on 25 August 1917 for Provincetown, Massachusetts, then departed Provincetown on 26 August 1917 en route Brest, France. The squadron called at Ponta Delgada in the Azores from 6 September 1917 to 11 September 1917, "Wakiva II" having had to tow "P. K. Bauman" part of the way due to a breakdown in "P. K. Bauman"s propulsion system. The squadron arrived at Brest on 18 September 1917.
"P. K. Bauman" performed patrol and convoying duties for the remainder of World War I. Two months after the war ended, while patrolling off L’Orient, France, she struck a rock on 12 January 1919. Listing badly, she was taken in tow by minesweeper , but eventually sank.

</doc>
<doc id="19549523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549523" title="List of Galatasaray S.K. managers">
List of Galatasaray S.K. managers

Galatasaray S.K. is a Turkish professional football club based in Istanbul, Turkey, who currently play in Süper Lig. This chronological list comprises all those who have held the position of head coach or technical director of the first team of Galatasaray SK since their foundation in 1905. Caretaker managers (interim) are included, as well as those who have been in permanent charge.
The first full-time manager for Galatasaray SK was Boris Nikolof. One of the founders of Galatasaray SK.
The most successful Galatasaray SK manager in terms of trophies won is Fatih Terim, who won six Süper Lig titles, two Türkiye Kupası trophies, four Süper Kupa and one UEFA Europa League Cup in his 8-year reign as manager.
Statistics.
"Information correct as of match played 28 September 2013. Only competitive matches are counted."

</doc>
<doc id="19549534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549534" title="Feitian space suit">
Feitian space suit

A Feitian space suit () is a Chinese spacesuit that was developed for the Shenzhou 7. Astronaut Zhai Zhigang wore it during China's first-ever extra-vehicular activity (EVA) on September 27, 2008.
The Feitian spacesuit was modelled after the Orlan-M spacesuit developed by Russia. The two kinds of suits are similar in shape and volume and are designed for spacewalks of up to seven hours, providing oxygen and allowing for the excretion of bodily waste.
The suit is reported to have cost $4.4 million, and weighs . The name "Fēi tiān" literally and separately means "flying" and "sky" in Mandarin. It is a reference to the apsara, translated as "feitian", or the "flying deva", in Chinese, and most famously depicted in Chinese art in the grottoes of Dunhuang. Images of the "feitian" from Dunhuang appear on the arm badge of the space suit.

</doc>
<doc id="19549545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549545" title="Universal (OMD song)">
Universal (OMD song)

"Universal" is a song the British New Wave band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) released as the second and last single from their album "Universal".
The single peaked at #50 in the UK Singles Chart. This version is slightly different from the original, adding the female singers to the beginning and editing out the lengthy introduction. It was edited by Pete Lewis.
The poor performance of the single and its parent album prompted singer Andy McCluskey to disband the group. It would remain their final single for over a decade until the band's reunion.

</doc>
<doc id="19549646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549646" title="Adolph Wilhelm Otto">
Adolph Wilhelm Otto

Adolph Wilhelm Otto (August 3, 1786 - January 14, 1845) was a German anatomist who was a native of Greifswald.
In 1808 he earned his medical doctorate at the University of Greifswald, and subsequently worked as a prosector and physician in Carl August Wilhelm Berends' clinic at the University of Frankfurt an der Oder. Later, he furthered his education on a scientific journey through Germany, the Netherlands and France, where he studied comparative anatomy with Georges Cuvier (1769-1832). In 1813 he became a professor of anatomy and director of the anatomical museum at the University of Breslau.
Otto specialized in the field of teratology, and performed extensive research involving the causes, development and classification of congenital malformations in plants and animals. In 1841 he published a popular atlas of teratology titled "Monstrorum sexcentorum descriptio anatomica" (600 Anatomic Descriptions of Monsters). He contributed articles to several journals and was a collaborator to Karl Gustav Carus' "Erläuterungstafeln zur vergleichenden Anatomie". He also wrote "Conspectus animalium quorundam maritimorum" Inaug. Dissert,Vratislaviae.: 1-20 and many other scientific papers in which he described marine animals. He is honoured in the gastropod name "Calliotropis ottoi" (Philippi 1844).
In 1831, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. 

</doc>
<doc id="19549662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549662" title="Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship">
Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship

The Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship is an Australian annual art award in honour of the painter Brett Whiteley. The scholarship is administered by the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Whiteley died in 1992. In 1999, his mother Beryl Whiteley (19172010) made funds available to establish a scholarship in his memory. The inspiration for the scholarship was the profound effect of international travel and study experienced by Brett as a result of winning the Italian Travelling Art Scholarship at the age of 20. 
The Brett Whiteley Travelling Art Scholarship is open to Australian artists aged between 20 and 30. The winner receives A$25,000 and a three-month residency at the Cite Internationale des Arts in Paris. 
In 2004, Beryl Whiteley was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) for her service as a benefactor to the visual arts through the creation and endowment of the scholarship. Brett Whiteley himself was appointed an Officer (AO) of the order a year before his death.
In recent years, Brett Whiteley’s ex-wife Wendy Whiteley has presented the prizes. 
Beryl Whiteley died on 1 April 2010, aged 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19549672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549672" title="Annie (album)">
Annie (album)

Annie is the sixth studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1972 on Capitol Records. It peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 143 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19549678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549678" title="Georges Thenault">
Georges Thenault

Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault () was the commander of the Lafayette Escadrille - the famed branch of the French air force in World War I composed of American volunteer pilots. The Lafayette Escadrille was created before the United States gave up its neutrality, and joined France and Britain in the war against Germany. Once the United States formally entered the war, the Lafayette Escadrille was absorbed into the U.S. Army.
Early life.
Born December 1887, small town of Celle-Lévescault, France (located on main highway between La Rochelle and Tours).
World War I.
Standing 5-ft, 8-in, he was a giant in the eyes of his fellow Frenchmen and a respected leader amongst the American volunteer pilots. Identified as N.124, the "Lafayette Escadrille" was assigned to "Groupe de Combat 13" under the overall command of Commandant Philippe Féquant. During 1916-1917, this "Groupe de Combat 13" took part in such engagements as the Battle of the Somme, the Second Battle of the Aisne, the Battle of Verdun, and in the Battle of Passchendaele. In early 1918, it operated in the region between Soissons and Reims.
Captain Georges Thenault credits Adjudant Norman Prince for conceiving in November 1914 the idea of bringing together his countrymen with some of those of the French Foreign Legion in a squadron of flyers. Support soon came about from civilian and military representatives of France and the United States. These representatives added expertise and government networking resolving over time the method of recruiting and financing, and successfully encountering the French officialdom. Five influential men instrumental in providing this organizational support included: 
This team of five experts identified the many issues involved and the obstacles that had to be overcome, and helped the first American volunteers to develop a plan:
""There were Americans fighting in the Foreign Legion, but their identity was lost in this body; they were simply units in a tremendous group. Dr. Gros and his associates dreamed of some other form of service in which Americans might participate as Americans, even though the flag of the United States might not officially be carried into the war. The idea was constantly before them, and, when they found that among the Americans already in France and already anxious to help as best they might, were men who had learned the art of flying in this country, the plan for a special American flying corps was conceived and developed.""
Final approval for this plan was given by Major General Auguste Edouard Hirschauer (16 June 1857, Saint-Avold, Moselle, Lorraine region of France - 27 December 1943, Versailles, Yvelines, region Ile-de-France)- Chief of French Military Aeronautics for the Ministry of War (1914 - 1915). 
It started with a group of American volunteers (Norman Prince, William Thaw, Victor Chapman, Kiffin Rockwell, James McConnell, Clyde Balsley, Chouteau Johnson, Lawrence Rumsey, Paul Rockwell) in Paris, France, where they met to discuss how would one be able to enter the French Aviation Service to fly combat missions against the Germans. They met Monday evening, 17 April 1916, at a Paris restaurant to celebrate the final and definite organization of the "Escadrille Americaine". 
They became the first group to enter the French Aviation Service under the guidance of a distinguished French pilot, Captain Georges Thenault. The Escadrille N.124, first called the "Escadrille Americaine", then the "Escadrille des Volontaires", and finally the "Escadrille Lafayette", was formed on Wednesday, 15 March 1916, under the command of Captain Georges Thenault. Into this squadron came more American volunteers who were at one time automobile mechanics, ambulance drivers, and members of the French Foreign Legion. They became an elite corps of volunteers administratively assigned to this squadron. Thus, began the association called the "Franco-American Flying Corps"- later to be known as the Lafayette Flying Corps. 
The Lafayette Escadrille was from the beginning a chasse, or pursuit, squadron. Originally provided with the thirteen (square)-meter Nieuport 11, armed with a single Lewis gun on the top plane, it changed successively to the Vickers-armed fifteen (square)-meter Nieuport 17, SPAD S.VII with a single Vickers machinegun, and the SPAD S.XIII with the twin-Vickers machinegun.
Between 20 October 1917 to early February 1918, the process of releasing the American volunteers from the Lafayette Escadrille so that they could become commissioned pilots of the United States Army Air Service was slow. This was mainly due to the required bureaucratic civil and military endorsements that took place between the French Bureau of the Minister of War and to the American Expeditionary Force, Chief of Staff Major General James William McAndrew, U.S.A.[http://www.arlingtoncemetery.net/jmcandr.htm]
On Monday, 18 February 1918, under the provisions of a curious and interesting agreement between the French and American armies, the Lafayette Escadrille became the 103d Aero Squadron- originally known as "103d Pursuit Squadron"- United States Army Air Service. During its tenure, the Lafayette Escadrille had officially confirmed by the military authorities, 199 German aircraft. Of these volunteer pilots, five died of illness; six by accidents in the aviation schools; fifteen were taken prisoners; nineteen were wounded in combat; and, fifty-one were killed over the Front lines. The French government recognized the American volunteers for their heroic achievements in the skies over France with the following: four Legions of Honor, seven Medailles Militaires, and thirty-one citations (each with a Croix de guerre).
After the disbandment of the LaFayettee Escadrille, Captain Thenault accepted orders as "Chief Pilot" at the French "School of Aerial Acrobacy & Combat" at Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, remaining there for the duration of the war.
Interwar years.
Following the end of World War I, Captain Thenault continued military service in the "Armée de l'Air" (ALA)- literally Air Army, and found time to compile his personal diary notes into a historical work pertaining to the famous "LaFayette Escadrille" published in Boston MA by the Small, Maynard & Company, Inc. Captain Thenault wrote his book at his home located in Vaux-en-Couhe Vienne France (Vaux, Vienne). Between 1919 - 1921, Captain Thenault purposely wrote this book to place on record the exploits and sacrifices of those daring American volunteers who served under his command and who gave so noble a response to the "deed of LaFayette" whom they chose as their namesake.
Captain Thenault's book gained widespread American public recognition. In May 1922, he accepted an assignment that began an eleven year diplomatic service in the Embassy of France in Washington, D.C.. This started with the position of "Assistant Military Attache for Aeronautics" and later evolved into the position of "Military Attache for Aeronautics" at the French Embassy in Washington DC (1922–1933). Captain Thenault's travel to the United States began under a French diplomatic passport to the French Embassy in Washington DC aboard SS France (1910) departing from Port of La Havre, Saturday, 15 July 1922, and arriving Port of New York, Saturday, 22 July 1922. 
Late fall 1922 plans were announced of Captain Georges Thenault to wed Mlle. Paule Dumont in Washington DC- daughter of the French Embassy's "Military Attache for Aeronautics" Colonel George A. L. Dumont, French Air Army. The wedding was to have taken place in the fall of 1922.
Then in the fall of 1925, the engagement of Ms. Sarah Spencer to Commandant Georges Thenault was announced in Washington DC society circles. She was the daughter of Oliver Martin Spencer of Chicago (general solicitor of the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad) and of Mrs. Katherine (Turner) "Danny" Spencer, and a grandniece of William J. Stone of Ripley County, Missouri. This engagement was released by The New York Times as follows:
""MISS SPENCER TO WED COMMANDANT GEORGES THENAULT. Chicago Girl Is Engaged to Former Commander of the Lafayette Escadrille. Mrs. Oliver M. Spencer of Chicago and St. Joseph, Mo., has announced the engagement of her daughter, Miss Sarah Spencer, to Commandant Georges Thenault, Assistant Military Attache for Aeronautics of the French Embassy in Washington. mis Spencer attended Miss Hall's school at Pittsfield, Mass., and is a member of the Chicago Junior League. She is a daughter of the late Justice Spencer of the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy Railroad, and a grandniece of the late Senator William Joel Stone of Missouri. Major Thenault was commander of the Lafayette Escadrille from the time of its formation in April, 1916, until it disbanded in January, 1918. he published a book entitled 'The Story of the Lafayette Escadrille'. His appointment as attache to the United States in 1922 was intended as a compliment to America and especially as a mark of appreciation for the services rendered by American members of the escadrille.""
A number of U.S. Army Air Service and French Aviation Service aviators who won their spurs during the World War periodically made visits to the French Embassy, attending conferences, luncheons and dinner engagements in Washington DC. One of the well-known visitors at the time was Captain René Fonck, French Aviation Service. He arrived in the United States at the Port of New York aboard the steamship RMS Olympic, on Tuesday, 6 October 1925. Captain Fonck was in Washington DC for two reasons: (1) upon the invitation from the defense attorney for Colonel Billy Mitchell, U.S. Army Air Service; and, (2) to attend the international air race at Mitchell Field, Long Island, for the Schneider Trophy. Colonel Mitchell invited Captain Fonck on his behalf to reveal the truth about French aviation against the Riffs, and to testify the French Aviation Service had broken down against the Riffs because the fliers were placed under the command of infantry and artillery officers who had no flying experience.
Promoted to Commandant in 1923, Commandant Thenault completed his six year tour as military attache in spring 1928, went to France and later returned to the United States reporting to the French Embassy in Washington DC, Friday, 27 July 1928, as "Military Attache for Aeronautics"- replacing newly promoted Brigadier General George A. L. Dumont. In this assignment Commandant Thenault sought to strengthen bonds of friendship between the United States and France by traveling through a number of cities visiting aircraft factories, conferring with aeronautical experts, and inspecting Army air stations in order to keep his government informed of American progress in the aircraft industry.
Promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1933 following successful completion of duties as "Military Attache for Aeronautics" at the French Embassy in Washington DC, he returned 
to France and continued his military services with the French Air Army.
World War II.
Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault with his family (wife Sarah, children Catherine and George) were residing in France when World War II erupted. Their residence was 56 Rue Tahère Saint-Cloud- western suburb of Paris. Prior to the Armistice and the cease-fire that went into effect on Tuesday, 25 June 1940, Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault had plans in place to remove his American wife, the two children, and mother-in-law Katherine "Danny" Spencer out of Europe. In mid-July 1940, using their U.S. passports as identification, Danny and Sarah with the two children were able to travel through Spain via train to reach the Port of Lisbon, Portugal, where they boarded SS Exochorda on Thursday, 25 July. Crossing at high speed over the steamship was able to successfully transit through the U-boat infested waters of the North Atlantic, to arrive at the Port of New York, Friday, 2 August 1940. With Katherine, Sarah and the two children eventually arrived at Harwich Port, Massachusetts, where they resided in the home of her mother during remainder of World War II.
During World War II, Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault resided in the "Occupied Zone of France" (Military Administration in Belgium and North France) involved with personal business while his wife Sarah resided at Harwich Port, Massachusetts, with their two children: Georges Spencer and Catherine Bathilde.
Final years.
While on a hunting trip outside Paris, Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault suffered a heart attack. He died in Paris, France, on Sunday, 19 December 1948. He was buried on Thursday, 30 December 1948, with all military rites in the presence of many French and American representatives in the crypt of the "LaFayette Escadrille Memorial Monument" in the park of Villeneuve L'etang, between the suburbs of Garches and Marnes-la-Coquette. Details of the burial services are obtained from a special article from "The New York Times": 
""COL. THENAULT IS BURIED. Rites for French Air Hero Held at Lafayette Escadrille Park. Special to The New York Times. PARIS, Dec. 30- In the presence of many French and American aviation enthusiasts including fliers of both World Wars, Col. Georges Thenault, French pilot who commanded the Lafayette Escadrille in the first World War, was buried with military rites today. The burial was in the crypt of the Lafayette Escadrille Memorial in the park of Ville-neuve L'etang, between the suburbs of Garches and Marne la Coquette. The memorial, endowed by the generosity of the late William Nelson Cromwell, serves also as the tomb for pilots who were with the squadron and as a monument on which has been inscribed the names of all the American volunteers. Present at the ceremonies today were Jean Moreau, Secretary of State for Air; Col. Francis Valentine, air attache of the American Embassy; Vice Marshal Robert Allingham George, air attache of the British Embassy; representatives of the American Aero Club of France and delegates of veterans' organizations.""
Family.
Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault, French Air Army, was the son of Monsieur and Madame Paul Thenault of Coulombiers, Vienne, France. His wife was the former Ms. Sarah Spencer, and from this union two children were raised: Georges "Tom" Spencer Thenault (born: 28 May 1930, Washington DC) and Catherine Bathilde Thenault. 
According to "The New York Times" article released from Washington DC in the Saturday edition of 26 March 1955:
""SOLDIER IS FIANCE OF MISS M'ARTHUR. Georges Spencer Thenault and Ex-Student at the Sorbonne Will Be Wed. Special to The New York Times. WASHINGTON, March 26- The engagement of Miss Beatrice Ashmead MacArthur, daughter of Mrs. Littlefield MacArthur of Washington and Lake Worth, Fla., and of Bowman McCalla MacArthur, also of Washington, to Pvt. Georges Spencer Thenault, U.S.A., has been announced by her mother. The prospective bridegroom is the son of Mme. Georges Thenault of Paris and the late Lieutenant Colonel Georges Thenault, one-time air attache at the French Embassy. Miss MacArthur is a grand-daughter of the late Capt. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.N., brother of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur. Their father was the late Lieut. Gen. Arthur MacArthur, U.S.A. The prospective bride is a grand-daughter also of Mrs. MacArthur of Chevy Chase, Md., Mrs. W. L. Littlefield of Lake Worth and the late Captain Littlefield, U.S.N. She is an alumna of the Holton-Arms School here and studied also at the Sorbonne. Miss MacArthur, who was presented to society here several seasons ago, belongs to the Junior League of Washington. Private Thenault, a graduate of Georgia Institute of Technology, is stationed at Edgewater, Md. He is a grandson of the late Judge and Mrs. O. M. Spencer of St. Joseph, Mo., and the late M. and Mme. Paul Thenault of Coulombiers, France.""
Of significant importance is the fact that the son of Colonel Georges & Sarah (Spencer) Thenault, PFC Georges Spencer Thenault, USA, married Ms. Beatrice Ashmead MacArthur on Saturday, 14 May 1955, in St. Margaret’s Episcopal Church (Annapolis, Maryland). Details are derived from "The New York Times" special article released from Washington DC on 14 May 1955:
""MISS M'ARTHUR WED IN CAPITAL. Attired in Satin at Marriage in St. Margaret's Church to Pfc. G. S. Thenault. Special to The New York Times. WASHINGTON, May 14- In St. Margaret's Protestant Episcopal Church here this afternoon, Miss Beatrice Ashmead MacArthur was married to Pfc. Georges Spencer Thenault, U.S.A. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Malcolm Marshall. The bride is a daughter of Mrs. Littlefield MacArthur of Washington and Lake Worth, Fla., and of Boman McCalla MacArthur of Washington. She is a granddaughter of Mrs. Arthur MacArthur of Chevy Chase, Md., and the late Captain MacArthur, U.S.N., brother of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur, and of Mrs. W. L. Littlefield of Lake Worth and the late Captain Littlefield, U.S.N. Private Thenault is a son of Mme. Georges Thenault of Paris and the late Lieutenant Colonel Thenault, one-time air attache at the French Embassy. His grandparents were the late Judge and Mrs. O. M. Spencer of St. Joseph, Mo., and the late M. and Mme. Paul Thenault of Coulombiers, France. The bride, given in marriage by her uncle, Malcolm MacArthur of New York, wore a gown of ivory satin made with a fitted Empire bodice of Chantilly lace and a bouffant skirt ending in a cathedral train. Her long silk tuile veil was fastened to a bandeau of the same material and heirloom rosepoint lace caught by orange blossoms. She carried a cascade bouquet of white carnations and stephanotis. Mrs. David L. Carpenter, Mrs. Wendell N. Vest and Miss Laura MacArthur, a cousin of the bride, were the attendants. R. Tupper Barrett was best man. The ushers were A. Dawson Teague, Mr. Carpenter, Captain Vest, U.S.M.C., Evan Galbraith and Clarence F. Norment 3d. Mrs. Thenault, an alumna of the Holton-Arms School here studied also at the Sorbonne. She belongs to the Junior League of Washington. Her husband was graduated from Georgia Institute of Technology.""
According to the morning edition of "The Boston Globe", Tuesday, 12 January 2010, the son of Lieutenant Colonel Georges and Sarah (Spencer) Thenault, Georges "Tom" Spencer Thenault, of Harwich Port and Yarmouth Port died at his home on Saturday, 9 January 2010.
Publicity.
The character of Georges Thenault was played by the French actor Jean Reno in the 2006 American movie "Flyboys".
World War I Lafayette Escadrille N.124 Citations.
""The squadrilla, composed of American volunteers who have come to fight for France in the pure spirit of sacrifice, has fought incessantly under the command of Captain Georges Thenault, who formed it for an ardent flight against our enemies. In very severe combats it has paid for the price of serious losses, which, far from weakening, have increased its morale. The squadrilla has brought down twenty-eight enemy airplanes. It has aroused the profound admiration of commanders who have had it under their orders, and also of French squadrillas which are fighting beside it and have desired to rival it in valor"."
""Brilliant unit which has shown itself, during the course of operations in Flanders, worthy of its glorious past. In spite of losses which took away a third of its effectives, in a difficult sector, it has assured a perfect security to our Corps Observation airplanes, a complete service of reconnaissance at both high and low altitude, and the destruction, not only near the front lines but deep in the enemy's territory, of a great number of German airplanes and captive balloons"."

</doc>
<doc id="19549685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549685" title="Budapesti Hírlap">
Budapesti Hírlap

The Budapesti Hírlap was a Hungarian daily newspaper, published in Budapest from 1881 to 1938. It had a conservative and nationalistic orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="19549705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549705" title="Battle of Lake Huleh">
Battle of Lake Huleh

In the Battle of Lake Huleh in June 1157, a Crusader army led by King Baldwin III of Jerusalem was ambushed and badly defeated by Nur ad-Din Zangi, the emir of Aleppo and Damascus. While the king and some fighting men escaped to a nearby castle, a large number were killed or made prisoner. The Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem escaped worse damage when their adversary became ill and was unable to follow up his victory. The Hula Valley is located in the northeast part of modern-day Israel. At the time of the battle, the area belonged to the Kingdom of Jerusalem. 
Background.
In 1154, Nur ad-Din Zangi achieved his goal of seizing Damascus and welding Syria into a Zengid empire. Instead of confronting a group of Muslim emirates and being able to play them off against one another, the Crusader states (Kingdom of Jerusalem, County of Tripoli and Principality of Antioch) faced a unified threat to their existence. 
Each year, the Damascenes pastured large flocks in the area of Banias on the Franks' territory, whose permission they had secured. In February 1157, Baldwin unwisely attacked them, seizing the animals to pay his kingdom's debts. This act of aggression violated a truce. Infuriated, Nur ad-Din immediately began launching raids on the Franks in the vicinity. 
Battle.
Nur ad-Din laid siege to the fortified town of Banias at the foot of Mount Hermon. In June, King Baldwin III of Jerusalem assembled a Frankish army and marched to the relief of Banias and its Knights Hospitaller defenders. While Baldwin and his knights camped near Lake Huleh in the upper Jordan River valley, they were surprised and defeated by forces under Nur ad-Din. The chronicler William of Tyre noted that "no watch was kept in the Latin camp." Historian R. C. Smail writes that the setback was caused by Baldwin's "carelessness and lack of normal precaution when in the neighborhood of the enemy." Baldwin and his surviving soldiers took refuge in the nearby castle at Safad. Losses were considerable. Ibn al-Qalanisi wrote of many Crusader prisoners and severed heads being presented in a victorious celebration in Damascus. 
Beyond the heavy casualties suffered in the combat, few consequences attended the Christian defeat. Banias remained a Latin territory until 1164. Nur ad-Din fell ill soon after his victory, and in his absence, Baldwin mounted a campaign in northern Syria. The Franks failed in a siege of Shaizar but recovered the castle of Harim for the Principality of Antioch in the winter of 1157. This set the stage for Nur ad-Din's crushing victory over the Crusaders at the Battle of Harim in 1164. But the next conflict would be the Battle of al-Buqaia in 1163. 

</doc>
<doc id="19549707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549707" title="ESPN College Football on ABC">
ESPN College Football on ABC

ESPN College Football on ABC is a presentation of the American Broadcasting Company's (ABC) regular season American college football television package (separate from "Saturday Night Football"). ABC broadcast regular season college football in 1950 and has every year since 1966. The television network has first pick of games from the American Athletic Conference, Atlantic Coast Conference, Big Ten Conference, Big 12 Conference and Pacific-12 Conference.
History.
1950, 1966–1997.
ABC has historically aired the premiere games since it has had all major conference contracts at one time or another. Keith Jackson with his down-home, folksy style symbolized college football has served as its unofficial voice.
By 1950, a small number of prominent football schools, including the University of Pennsylvania (ABC) and the University of Notre Dame (DuMont Television Network) had entered into individual contracts with networks to broadcast their games regionally. In fact, all of Penn's home games were broadcast on ABC during the 1950 season under a contract that paid Penn $150,000. However, prior to the 1951 season, the NCAA – alarmed by reports that indicated television decreased attendance at games – asserted control and prohibited live broadcasts of games. Although the NCAA successfully forced Penn and Notre Dame to break their contracts, the NCAA suffered withering attacks for its 1951 policy, faced threats of antitrust hearings and eventually caved in and lifted blackouts of certain sold-out games. Bowl games were always outside the control of the NCAA, and the 1952 Rose Bowl at the end of that season was the first truly national telecast of a college football game, on NBC.
For the 1952 season, the NCAA relented somewhat, but limited telecasts to "one" nationally broadcast game each week. The NCAA sold the exclusive rights to broadcast the weekly game to NBC for $1,144,000. The first game shown under this contract was Texas Christian University against the University of Kansas, on September 20, 1952.
The NCAA believed that broadcasting one game a week would prevent further controversy while limiting any decrease in attendance. However, the Big Ten Conference was unhappy with the arrangement, and it pressured the NCAA to allow regional telecasts as well. Finally, in 1955 the NCAA revised its plan, keeping eight national games while permitting regional telecasts during five specified weeks of the season. ABC won the contract under this arrangement for the 1966 season onwards. This was essentially the television plan that stayed in place until the University of Oklahoma and the University of Georgia filed suit against the NCAA in 1981, alleging antitrust violations.
In 1997, ABC began using the fixed scoreboard on its broadcasts.
1998–2005.
ABC was awarded the first exclusive BCS contract beginning in 1999, however they lost rights to games other than the Rose Bowl after the 2005–06 season. However, the Rose Bowl contract ran until 2010.
Keith Jackson, who was supposed to retire after the 1999 season, stayed in until 2005, in which he announced games televised primarily from the west coast, where he is based. His last broadcast was the 2006 Rose Bowl.
In 1999, with Jackson cutting back his schedule, ABC began the year with the Jackson and Bob Griese team intact, albeit not as the lead one and handling almost exclusively Pac-10 action; Brent Musburger and Dan Fouts were returning as was the long-time tandem of Brad Nessler and Gary Danielson. These assignments were not permanent and many different combinations were used ABC locked their broadcasters teams in mid-season. Jackson was teamed with Fouts, Musburger was paired with Danielson, and Nessler with Bob Griese.
Prior to the addition of the 12th game on a permanent basis in 2002, ABC aired pre-season classics including the "Kickoff Classic" and "Pigskin Classic".
In the 2005 season, ABC aired 77 games in 36 windows including the National Championship.
2006–present.
In recent years, there have been 2 set game windows in a typical week. Most Saturdays, there are regional games at 3:30 p.m. ET. Beginning with the 2006 season, ABC started regularly showing games at night under the "Saturday Night Football" umbrella, and noon-time games are telecast on an occasional basis. This marked a departure from 7 p.m. west-coast-only games (ending after the 2006 season) and occasional 8 p.m. games (occurring every week as part of SNF). Also, the recently developed "BCS spotlight game" was essentially replaced by Saturday Night Football.
The 2006 season was marked by a lot of reshuffling in addition to Jackson, as Lynn Swann left for a failed political run, Aaron Taylor left to pursue a career change, and Gary Danielson went to CBS to cover SEC action. As a result Dan Fouts began calling play-by-play.
ESPN, which is mostly owned by Disney, has also increased their presence on ABC over the years. The "College GameDay" personalities typically appear during halftime of the 3:30 game (often to preview the "Saturday Night Football" game they may have done the show from) and when they are on-site during the Saturday night game. In addition, the announcers have become increasingly interchangeable. From the 2006 season onward, as part of a network-wide rebranding of sports coverage, broadcasts on ABC are now presented under ESPN branding and graphics as "ESPN College Football on ABC".
During the 2006, 2007 and 2008 seasons, the presenting sponsor was Best Buy. During 2009, the presenting sponsor was Kay Jewelers. During 2010 and 2011 the presenting sponsor has been Buffalo Wild Wings.
On November 18, 2006, ABC had the highest rating and most-viewed contest in over 13 years when #1 Ohio State beat #2 Michigan 42–39.
In 2013, ABC's "Saturday Night Football" theme music was implemented on all of the college football broadcasts across the ESPN networks, including ABC, ESPN, ESPN2 and ESPNU.
Personalities.
Since 2009, Sean McDonough has been the lead play-by-play man with Chris Spielman since 2012. John Saunders and Jesse Palmer make up the studio team. Robert Flores handles updates.
Results.
Oklahoma–Texas and Ohio State–Michigan are broadcast every year on ABC.
ABC's bowl coverage consists of the Capital One Bowl.
Features.
Since 1981, ABC has aired "College Football Countdown" before the slate of games at 3:00 pm ET with the studio crew.
While ABC had exclusive rights to the BCS bowl games from 1998 to 2005, they aired a "Bowl Championship Series Selection Show" after Championship Weekend ended on the Sunday after the games.

</doc>
<doc id="19549721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549721" title="Talking Loud and Clear">
Talking Loud and Clear

"Talking Loud and Clear" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the second single taken from their 1984 album, "Junk Culture". The single was a European hit, reaching the Top 10 in Ireland and the Netherlands, and narrowly missing the UK Top 10 at #11. It also charted at #18 in Germany. The song was edited for its 7" single release, clocking at 3:53.
Critic Dave Thompson in Allmusic wrote: "This lovely single from June 1984 had whimsy written all over it...Although 'Talking Loud and Clear' is quite sophisticated in arrangement, musicianship, and production, OMD still manage to create the most childlike of milieus, capturing both the naïveté of youth and a gentle joie de vivre within its atmosphere. This aura dovetails perfectly with the lyrics, which take delight in resurrecting an idyllic moment in time, 'lying in the grass with the sun on our backs,' and the reaching of a perfect understanding between two companions. Deftly penned, the lyrics could alternately describe the close friendships of childhood or a more adult moment of love."
B-side.
The B-side, Julia's Song, is a different version from the one found on their first album "Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark". This is a reworked version with the Weir Brothers adding brass to the song, which was recorded in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="19549735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549735" title="The Heroic Age (journal)">
The Heroic Age (journal)

The Heroic Age is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal established in 1999 that covers Northwestern Europe during the early medieval period (from the early 4th through 13th centuries). The journal seeks to foster dialogue across ethnic and disciplinary boundaries, including—but not limited to—history, archaeology, and literature pertaining to the period. Regular features are full-length articles, editions and translations, biographical essays, a forum of discussions on modern theory and scholarship, and review of scholarship originally published in German, Dutch, and French. The editors-in-chief are L. J. Swain (Bemidji State University) and Deanna Forsman (North Hennepin Community College).

</doc>
<doc id="19549751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549751" title="Tesla Girls">
Tesla Girls

"Tesla Girls" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the third single from their 1984 album, "Junk Culture". It charted at #21 in the UK and Ireland, and #33 in the Netherlands. Although only moderately successful on the charts, it became one of the group's biggest club hits.
Musician and writer Kim Wilde slammed "Tesla Girls" on release, calling it "inane and monotonous". Critic Dave Thompson, in a retrospective review for AllMusic described the song as "electrifying", adding: "The clever lyrics are almost as smart as the music pounding across this song. Cutting-edge scratch production drives the sound, slamming beats fuel the fire, and an irrepressible melody and 'no, no, no' chorus all conspire to turn 'Tesla Girls' anthemic, while the soaring synths set the blood pumping...a quintessential dance number." Colleague Ned Raggett wrote: "'Tesla Girls' is easily the group's high point when it comes to sheer sprightly pop...witty lines about science and romance wedded to a great melody (prefaced by a brilliant, hyperactive intro)."
The single performed more poorly than expected mainly due to a lack of media coverage. Controversy surrounded the song's video, which some in the media had slammed as 'sexist'. In fact, the video, which was largely Andy McCluskey's idea, was lampooning the style of American music videos the band was pressured into making by Virgin Records in the hope of breaking into the U.S. market. He believed that American music videos relied heavily on attractive young female models posing and preening in front of the camera. While few got the joke, a furor did develop. It was the last time Virgin Records interfered with the style of videos of the band's singles.
The song featured in the 1985 film "Weird Science".
B-sides.
The live version of "Telegraph" was recorded in 1983 at the Hammersmith Odeon, London. "Telegraph" was the second and final single from their fourth studio album, "Dazzle Ships". The other B-side, "Garden City", was only released on the 12" vinyl and cassette single versions. "Garden City" was featured on the B-sides album "", released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19549780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549780" title="USS Anderton (SP-530)">
USS Anderton (SP-530)

USS "Anderton" (SP-530), originally to have been USS "Raymond J. Anderton" (SP-530), was a patrol vessel and minesweeper that served in the United States Navy from 1917 to 1919.
Acquisition and commissioning.
"Anderton" was built in 1911 by Robert Palmer and Son, Noank, Groton, Connecticut, as the steam fishing trawler "Raymond J. Anderton". She was purchased from her owner, T. B. Hayes, for service in World War I and delivered to the U.S. Navy on 18 June 1917. Originally she was to have been named USS "Raymond J. Anderton", but she was renamed USS "Anderton" on 28 July 1917 prior to commissioning as required by a United States Department of the Navy general order mandating that the names of all section patrol craft be shortened to surnames only; during her Navy career, she referred to by both names as well as by the name "R. J. Anderton". She was converted for naval service and commissioned at the Boston Navy Yard at Boston, Massachusetts, on 18 August 1917 as USS "Anderton" (SP-530) with Boatswain Frederick L. Miller in command.
World War I.
Originally assigned to the 2nd Naval District in southern New England, "Anderton" was reassigned during convefrsion to Squadron 4, Patrol Force, and ordered prepared for "distant service", and soon after commissioning got underway for France via the Azores as a unit of the 3rd Patrol Division. Arriving in France in September 1917, her division reinforced the 1st and 2nd Patrol Divisions, which had arrived earlier. Later shifted to the 12th Patrol Division, she operated off the French coast, initially assigned to coastal convoy escort duties. She and similar trawlers assigned to these duties were soon found to be unsuited to them, and after foundered off Ushant, France, on 4 October 1917, they were reassigned to minesweeping duties.
"Anderton" was one of the first four ships in her patrol division to have minesweeping gear installed. She departed Brest, France, on 3 December 1917 in company with three similar trawlers, and 6 December 1917 began minesweeping exercises in Quiberon Bay. On 13 February 1918, she became the first of the ships to catch a mine in her sweep gear, and on 21 February 1918 she and cut two mines apiece.
On 12 January 1918, , while operating in a fog near Concarneau, struck a rock and began taking on water. "Anderton" arrived to render assistance and took "Bauman" under tow, but "Bauman" sank before the ships could arrive at Lorient. 
For the remainder World War I, "Anderton" operated out of Lorient. Besides minesweeping duty and covering the convoy routes from Penmarch to Bouy de Boeufs, "Anderton" reinforced coastal convoy escorts as required, cleared the Teignouse Channel and other important passages of mines for the passage of troopships in the vicinity of Belle Île, and operated at night off Penmarch, using her primitive listening gear ("sea tubes") to detect German submarines. On 5 September 1918, when a German submarine torpedoed the transport , and "Anderton" assisted "Mount Vernon" into Brest for repairs.
Postwar.
In the weeks following the end of World War I on 11 November 1918, "Anderton" continued minesweeping operations to make sure that shipping could travel safely in areas mined during the war. When that work was completed in the spring of 1919, "Anderton" departed Brest on the morning of 27 April 1919 bound for the United States in company with other U.S. Navy trawlers, but rough weather soon forced them to return to port. As "Anderton" did so, she towed the disabled , but "Courtney" sank that evening about 25 minutes before the returning convoy sighted Ar Men light. A northwesterly gale made the sea very rough, and the remaining ships had to fight heavy seas, snow, and hail squalls before they reached Brest on the afternoon of 28 April 1919. "Anderton" remained at Brest through the summer of 1919.
Disposal.
"Anderton" was decommissioned at Brest on 8 September 1919 and put up for sale abroad. However, her prewar owners reacquired her, and she operated commercially under her original name, "Raymond J. Anderton", until 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="19549782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549782" title="Al Baker (magician)">
Al Baker (magician)

Al Baker (September 4, 1874 – October 24, 1951) was a professional magician born in Poughkeepsie, New York. Al Baker was known by most of his magical contemporaries as an outstanding M.C., author, and inventor. By the time he was 21 was working in vaudeville as magician and ventriloquist. Though he was a performer at Coney Island as the Chautauqua & Lyceum headliner, he also had a photo studio there.
Al Baker was an inventor of many tricks that he marketed including his Dictionary Test, Al Baker Slates and his version of the Rice bowls. Many of his silk magic effects were included in Rice's Encyclopedia of Silk Magic. Al Baker opened a magic shop with Martin Sunshine in Times Square. Al Baker also regularly contributed to The Sphinx and other magic magazines.
He was Dean of the Society of American Magicians from 1941-1951.
In 1951 Al Baker wrote a book called Pet Secrets, where he had the famous American mystery writer, Clayton Rawson draw all his illustrations.
Al Baker's dry humor and tongue in cheek approach to his advice to other magicians is timeless. Al Baker was once quoted saying, ""No matter how bad the show, or how little the kids, or how hard it is to get their attention, take a live rabbit and coil of paper out of your hat and you're safe.""

</doc>
<doc id="19549787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549787" title="Robin Batterham">
Robin Batterham

Robin John Batterham AO FAA FTSE FREng FNAE FSATW FAusIMM FIChemE FISS FAIM FAICD FIEAust CE CPE CSci AMusA Hon MWIF (born 3 April 1941) is an Australian scientist specialising in chemical engineering. He was the Chief Scientist of Australia from 1999 to 2006.
Born in the Melbourne suburb of Brighton, Batterham graduated from the University of Melbourne in 1965 with a degree in chemical engineering, and received a PhD from the same institution in 1969. He received a scholarship from the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) to undertake postgraduate studies at the central research laboratories of ICI in the United Kingdom. Batterham returned to Australia in 1970, and took up the position of chief scientist of the CSIRO's Division of Mineral Engineering, and was later promoted to division chief. 
In 1999, he was appointed Chief Scientist of Australia, a role which he undertook simultaneously to acting as chief technologist for the multinational mining company Rio Tinto. Supporters of renewable energy technologies claimed that Batterham's employment by a mining company made his advice to the Prime Minister on climate change and geosequestration questionable, although Batterham assured his critics that his advice and work as Chief Scientist was neutral and not affected by his Rio Tinto position. In 2004, concern was expressed over Dr. Batterham's dual roles, and a Senate committee found that there was a conflict of interest between the two, recommending that the Chief Scientist position be made full-time. In May 2005, Batterham stepped down as Chief Scientist and took on a full-time position at Rio Tinto.
From May 2004 to May 2005, Batterham was President of the Institution of Chemical Engineers.
He was appointed a Fellow (FTSE) of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (ATSE) in 1988, and served as its President 2007–2012.
Batterham is the assistant organist at Scots' Church, Melbourne, has given numerous organ recitals, and has released several CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="19549802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549802" title="Shinwa Kataoka">
Shinwa Kataoka

Other media.
TV Commercials
External links.
His official blog: http://ameblo.jp/shinwakataoka

</doc>
<doc id="19549864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549864" title="Never Turn Away">
Never Turn Away

"Never Turn Away" is a song by British band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released as the fourth single taken from their 1984 album, "Junk Culture". It is sung by Paul Humphreys, who ordinarily functions as keyboard player and backing vocalist.
B-sides.
The song 'Wrappup' is a dubbed version 'All Wrapped Up' (which features on "Junk Culture"). The second B-side, a live version of 'Waiting For The Man', only featured on the extended version of the single (the extended version of 'Never Turn Away' has an extra verse added to the song). The live of 'Waiting For The Man' was recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon. Picture discs include a unique extended version of "Never Turn Away".

</doc>
<doc id="19549895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549895" title="Josephine Forsberg">
Josephine Forsberg

Josephine Forsberg (c. 1921 – 3 October 2011), ex-wife of film director Rolf Forsberg, was hired by Paul Sills and Viola Spolin to join the original Second City in 1959 as the female understudy and Spolin's teaching assistant. She became an expert in improvisational techniques for the theater, and by the mid 1960s she had taken over most of Spolin's and Sills's classes, as well as Spolin's children's theater company. From that point on most of the young performers that wanted to go onto the Second City stage studied with Forsberg for at least a year. These included Bill Murray, Harold Ramis, Betty Thomas, Shelley Long, George Wendt, David Mamet, and Robert Townsend.
In 1971, Forsberg opened up an official school of improvisation called Players Workshop, hiring her nephew Martin de Maat and her daughter Linnea Forsberg to teach alongside her. In terms of accepting students who were not necessarily Second City actors learning the art of improvisation, but also including students from all walks of life and professional disciplines Players Workshop can arguably be called the first real school of Improvisation, with a class structure, syllabus, and graduation requirement, pre-dating loosely organized workshops created in the mid-1970s by Dudley Riggs (Minneapolis, MN USA) and Keith Johnstone (Calgary, AB, Canada). It soon grew to the largest school of improv in the country, training people for the Second City stage through a six term (12 month) course. In 1980, her son Eric Forsberg joined Players Workshop as a director, where he worked with David Shepard to develop a competitive improv game which was later called The Improv Olympiad. One of Forsberg's students, Charna Halpern, joined forces with David Shepard and helped to bring the Improv Olympiad to become one of Chicago's foremost arena's for new improvisers. In the late 1980s Charna Halpern and Del Close transformed the Improv Olympiad into the IO, using Del's new improv format called The Harold, otherwise known as long form.
Forsberg retired from teaching in 1993, leaving Players Workshop to her daughter. Her nephew, Martin de Maat had become the creative director of the Second City Training Center which was growing in leaps and bounds, offering a tremendous competition to Players Workshop. In 2003 Players Workshop closed its doors. However, in 2007, she was approached by her old friend and student Bill Murray to help teach the New York Giants improv, in the hopes of giving them an edge. At 86 years old she did just that. It was the first time that she had taught anyone in years. That year they won the Super Bowl. She returned to teach the New York Giants again in 2008.
Forsberg died on October 3, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19549905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19549905" title="Little Zizou">
Little Zizou

Little Zizou is an 2009 Indian film in Hindi, Gujarati, and English, written and directed by Sooni Taraporevala. Little Zizou is a fast-paced, exuberant, yet poignant comedy about how two battling Mumbai families finally come to terms.
"Little Zizou" won the "Rajat Kamal" of 'National Film Award for Best Film on Family Welfare' category at the 56th National Film Awards.
Plot.
Xerxes, 'Little Zizou' as he is known, is an eleven-year-old soccer-crazy Parsi boy whose fervent wish is that his idol, Zinedine Zidane, visit Mumbai. His older brother Ataxerxes, or Art, is a talented artist whose wild fantasies come to life in surprising ways. Their father Khodaiji is a self-proclaimed protector-of-the-faith who thrives on the attentions (and donations) of hopeful believers.
Art burns with unrequited love for the daughter of Khodaiji's arch rival, Pressvala, a free thinking newspaper publisher. And to the extreme displeasure of their other daughter, Xerxes adores the maternal Mrs Pressvala. But the real fireworks begin when Pressvala writes a scathing critique of Khodaiji and public reaction is widespread. As the two households fight, life becomes complicated. Liana ( the younger daughter), finally lets Xerxes be his friend. Khodaiji shuts down Presswala's office. Presswala gets a heart attack. Will Khodaiji reform his ways? Will Pressvala let Art be Zenobe's ( the older daughter)? This is what forms the rest of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="19550070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550070" title="Love Song (Anne Murray album)">
Love Song (Anne Murray album)

Love Song is the eighth studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1974 on Capitol Records. It peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart and won a Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19550075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550075" title="Yutaka Hara">
Yutaka Hara

He is the author of several series of children's illustrated books including the very popular "Kaiketsu Zorori" (Incredible Zorori), "Chiisana Mori" (Small Forest), "Meimon furaido chiken shougakkou" (the famous fried chicken primary school]) and "Touyuuki" (Journey to the East: the title is a homage to the famous Chinese novel Journey to the West).

</doc>
<doc id="19550085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550085" title="1996 Winchester 400">
1996 Winchester 400

The twenty-seventh annual Winchester 400 motor race (yearly since 1970) was held under All-Pro Series sanction on September 29, 1996, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).
Scoring the biggest victory of his racing career, Scot Walters of Louisville, Kentucky, won the 1996 running of the "Winchester 400". The 1993 All-Pro Series Rookie of the Year took the lead from three-time defending winner Mike Cope on lap 358 and drove on for the win.
The race.
Five years after a life threatening crash in the 1991 running of the Winchester 400, Dave Jackson used his outside front-row starting position to jump into the early lead. Jackson's lead was to be short-lived, as pole sitter Wayne Anderson took the lead on lap 12. Staying in front for the next 96 circuits, Anderson led ahead of Hal Goodson, Ray Skillman, and Walters. Starting 12th, Cope was utilizing the lower groove as he marched through the field. Advancing to fifth by lap 35, disaster struck as a broken wheel caused him to pit under green and lose three laps to the leaders. Walters worked his way to second on the 89th circuit, with former Winchester Mini-Stock driver Jeff Fultz moving to third on lap 100. Walters then drove into the lead on lap 107 with Fultz following him through for second.
The final round of pit stops occurred with about 40 laps remaining. While Cope, Ron Barfield Jr., and Steven Christian all took on four fresh tires, Walters took on only right-side tires and grabbed the lead exiting the pits. Having made up all three laps, Cope was hopeful of a fourth-consecutive win when he moved to second with 20 laps to go. Walters proved too strong over he closing laps as he snapped the winning streak by leading Cope across the line by 0.33 seconds. Christian took third-place honors ahead of Barfield Jr. and Brian Rievley, all on the lead lap. The win was worth $12,775 for Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="19550096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550096" title="J-Ro">
J-Ro

James Robinson, known by his stage name J-Ro is a hip-hop performer and former member of Tha Alkaholiks. He is also a regular guest/contributor of Combat Radio (www.combatradio.net) 
Discography.
818 Antics
Rare Earth B-Boy Funk Vol. II

</doc>
<doc id="19550097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550097" title="Paul Whiteman's Goodyear Revue">
Paul Whiteman's Goodyear Revue

"Paul Whiteman's Goodyear Revue" is an American television variety series. The show aired on ABC on Sunday evenings from November 6, 1949 through March 30, 1952.
Overview.
The show was hosted by band leader Paul Whiteman at the same time as he was also hosting a Saturday talent show called "Paul Whiteman's TV Teen Club". The "Goodyear Revue", sponsored by Goodyear, also showcased Junie Keegan from the "TV Teen Club". 
The show was a typical variety show, with several well-known performers of the time making appearances. Performers who made appearances on the show include Victor Borge, Jane Froman, Mel Tormé, Charles Laughton, Mindy Carson, and Peggy Lee.
Singers Earl Wrightson and Maureen Cannon were regulars late in the show's run. In Summer 1951, Wrightson and Cannon took over hosting duties while Whiteman was on vacation during, and renamed the "The Goodyear Summertime Revue".

</doc>
<doc id="19550124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550124" title="Country (album)">
Country (album)

Country is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued in 1974 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 32 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. The album included material from Murray's previous albums "This Way Is My Way, Honey, Wheat and Laughter, Talk It Over in the Morning, Straight, Clean and Simple" and "Danny's Song",

</doc>
<doc id="19550126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550126" title="Anthem (Steve Lacy album)">
Anthem (Steve Lacy album)

Anthem is an album by Steve Lacy released on the Arista Novus label in 1990. It features five of Lacy's compositions (and one by Jean-Jacques Avenel) with texts by Osip Mandelstam and Mary Frazee performed by Lacy, Bobby Few, Steve Potts, Jean-Jacques Avenel, John Betsh, Sam Kelly, Glenn Ferris, La Velle and Irene Aebi.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "With more composition and performance highlights than most jazz albums ever muster, Anthem is essential listening for Lacy fans and all other adventurous listeners out there.".

</doc>
<doc id="19550137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19550137" title="(Forever) Live and Die">
(Forever) Live and Die

"(Forever) Live and Die" is a song by British synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), released as the first single taken from their 1986 album, "The Pacific Age". It is sung by Paul Humphreys, who ordinarily functions as keyboard player and backing vocalist. The single narrowly missed the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #11, but was a significant radio hit. It was a Top 10 hit in Canada and many European territories, and a Top 20 hit in the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Ireland. It was the last of the group's singles to reach the UK Top 20 before Humphreys left in 1989, and Andy McCluskey continued OMD on his own.
Contactmusic journalist Dom Gourlay, in a 2011 piece, lauded "(Forever) Live and Die" as a song that "stands the test of time." Critic Dave Thompson in Allmusic praised the track, writing: "OMD's last batch of singles had pushed the drumbeats to the fore...That rhythmic punch is still to be heard here, but it's the bassline that is prominent, returning the band to its more organic past and creating a much more complex rhythmic feel to the piece. The rich harmonies blend with the lush synths, the atmosphere is dense, and the lyrics are poignant."
Producer Stephen Hague had made his production debut the previous year on OMD's "Crush". He is also known for his work with the Pet Shop Boys, often using a chorus effect on Neil Tennant's voice, as he did with Humphreys on this song.

</doc>
