<doc id="19592358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592358" title="Linda Perry production discography">
Linda Perry production discography

Songs written, co-written and produced by Linda Perry.
1992.
4 Non Blondes - "Bigger, Better, Faster, More!".
Tracks 1, 3, 4, 9 & 10 written by Linda Perry Track 2 written by Linda Perry & Katrina Sirdofsky Track 6 written by Linda Perry & Shaunna Hall Tracks 7 & 11 written by Linda Perry, Shaunna Hall, Christa Hillhouse & Wanda Day Track 8 written by Linda Perry, Shaunna Hall, Christa Hillhouse, Wanda Day & Dawn Richardson
1993.
4 Non Blondes - "Spaceman - Single".
Written by Linda Perry & Roger Rocha
1995.
Janis Ian - "Revenge".
Written by Linda Perry & Janis Ian in middle of 1995
1996.
Stone Fox - "Stone Fox".
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11 & 12 mixed by Linda Perry & Devon Powers
All tracks produced by Linda Perry
Linda Perry - "In Flight".
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9 & 12 written by Linda Perry Track 4 written by Linda Perry & Bill Bottrell Track 7 written by Linda Perry, Marty Wilson Piper & Grace Slick Track 10 written by Linda Perry, Bill Bottrell, Brian MacLeod, Kevin Gilbert & Dan Schwartz Track 11 written by Linda Perry, Brian MacLeod, Kevin Gilbert & Dan Schwartz
All tracks co-produced by Linda Perry
Linda Perry - "Fill Me Up - Single".
Written by Linda Perry & Bill Botrell
Co-produced by Linda Perry
Linda Perry - "Freeway - Single".
Written by Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry & Bill Bottrell
1998.
The Waiting - "Unfazed".
Written by Brad Olsen, Linda Perry, Brian MacLeod, Paul Ill & Eric Schermerhorn in 1998
1999.
Linda Perry - "After Hours".
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 and 12 written by Linda Perry
Tracks 4 & 11 written by Linda Perry, Brian MacLeod & Paul Ill
Track 9 written by Linda Perry, D.C. Collard & Paul Ill
Produced by Bob Salcedo & Linda Perry
2001.
Pink - "Missundaztood".
Tracks 1, 5, 9, 10, 13, 14 & 15 written by Pink & Linda Perry
Tracks 4 & 11 written by Linda Perry
'"Tracks 1, 5, 13, 14 & 15 produced by Linda Perry & Damon Elliott
Tracks 4, 9, 10 & 11 produced by Linda Perry"'
2002.
Various Artists - "Sweet Home Alabama (OST)".
Produced by Linda Perry
Faith Hill - "Cry".
Written by Linda Perry & Pink
Christina Aguilera - "Stripped".
Track 11 written by Linda Perry
Track 12, 13 & 19 written by Christina Aguilera & Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry
"Make Over written by Linda Perry, Christina Aguilera, Jonathan Lipsey, Felix Howard, Cameron McVey & Paul Simm (ASCAP, 2003)"
Solange - "Solo Star".
Written by Linda Perry, Solange Knowles & Rockwilder in middle of 2002
2003.
Lillix - "Falling Uphill".
Written by Linda Perry, Louise Burns, Tasha-Ray Evin & Lacey-Lee Evin
Produced by Linda Perry
Various Artists - "Prey For Rock & Roll (OST)".
Written by Gina Gershon & Linda Perry
Original Score composed by Gina Gershon, Cheri Lovedog & Linda Perry
Sugababes - "Three".
Written by Linda Perry, Keisha Buchanan, Mutya Buena & Heidi Range 
Produced by Linda Perry
Pink - "Try This".
Tracks 6 & 9 written by Pink & Linda Perry
Track 7 written by Pink, Linda Perry, Eric Schermerhorn, Paul Ill & Brian MaCleod
Produced by Linda Perry
Pink - "Trouble - Single".
Track 2 written by Pink & Linda Perry
Track 3 written by Pink, Linda Perry, Eric Schermerhorn, Paul Ill & Brian MacLeod
Produced by Linda Perry
Blaque - "Torch".
Written by Linda Perry, Natina Reed, Shamari Fears & Brandi Williams
Produced by Linda Perry
"Never officially released"
2004.
Courtney Love - "America's Sweetheart".
Track 1 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Patty Schemel & Larry Schemel
Tracks 4, 7, 9, 10 & 12 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Patty Schemel & Jerry Best
Track 5 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Patty Schemel, Jerry Best & Chris Whitemeyer
Track 8 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Bernie Taupin, Patty Schemel & Jerry Best
Track 11 written by Courtney Love & Linda Perry
"Zeplin Song written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry & Samantha Maloney (ASCAP, 2006)"
Courtney Love - "Mono - Single".
Track 2 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Patty Schemel & Jerry Best
Track 3 written by Courtney Love, Linda Perry, Patty Schemel & Larry Schemel
Britney Spears - "In The Zone (DVD): Europe Bonus CD Features".
Written by Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry
L.P. - "Suburban Sprawl & Alcohol".
Written by Laura Pergolizzi & Linda Perry
Gwen Stefani - "Love. Angel. Music. Baby.".
Tracks 1 & 9 written by Gwen Stefani & Linda Perry
Track 11 written by Gwen Stefani, Dallas Austin & Linda Perry
Track 1 co-produced by Linda Perry (uncredited)
Guitars & keyboards on track 1 engineered by Linda Perry
Joan Jett & The Blackhearts - "Naked".
Written by Joan Jett, Linda Perry & Kenny Laguna
James Blunt - "Back To Bedlam".
Produced by Linda Perry
2005.
Unwritten Law - "Here's To The Mourning".
Written by Scott Russo, Linda Perry & Aimee Allen
Produced by Linda Perry & Sean Beavan
Lisa Marie Presley - "Now What".
Lyrics by Lisa Marie Presley; music by Lisa Marie Presley & Linda Perry
Fischerspooner - "Odyssey".
Track 4 written by Linda Perry, Warren Fischer & Casey Spooner
Tracks 9 & 11 written by Linda Perry, Nicolas Vernhes, Warren Fischer & Casey Spooner
Kelly Osbourne - "Sleeping In The Nothing".
Tracks 1, 2, 3, 5, 8 & 10 written by Linda Perry
Tracks 4, 6, 7 & 9 written by Linda Perry & Kelly Osbourne
Produced by Linda Perry
"One Word written by Billy Currie, Christopher Payne & Midge Ure (ASCAP)"
"Secret Lover written by Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley, Linda Perry & Kelly Osbourne (ASCAP)"
Juliette & The Licks - "...Like A Bolt Of Lightning".
Written by Juliette Lewis & Linda Perry
Goapele - "Change It All".
Written by Linda Perry & Goapele Mohlabane
Produced by Linda Perry
2006.
Skin - "Fake Chemical State".
Produced by Linda Perry
Dixie Chicks - "Taking The Long Way".
Written by Natalie Maines, Martie Maguire, Linda Perry, Emily Robison & Dan Wilson
Cheap Trick - "Rockford".
Written by Robin Zander, Bun E. Carlos, Rick Nielsen, Linda Perry, Tom Petersson
Produced by Linda Perry
Joan Jett & The Blackhearts - "Sinner".
Written by Joan Jett, Linda Perry & Kenny Laguna
Sierra Swan - "Ladyland".
Tracks 1, 9 & 10 written by Sierra Swan& Linda Perry
Track 5 written by Linda Perry
Tracks 3, 5, 6, 7, 9 & 10 produced by Linda Perry
Joanna - "This Crazy Life".
Written by Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry
Christina Aguilera - "Back To Basics (CD 2)".
Tracks 1, 3, 4, 5, 7 & 9 written by Christina Aguilera & Linda Perry
Track 2 written by Christina Aguilera, Linda Perry, Mark Ronson & Paul Ill
Track 6 written by Christina Aguilera, Linda Perry & Mark Ronson
Track 8 written by Christina Aguilera, Linda Perry & Bill Bottrell
Produced by Linda Perry
Christina Aguilera - "Da Da Da "(appeared in Pepsi commercials)"".
Produced & recorded by Linda Perry
The Format - "Dog Problems".
Written by Linda Perry, Nate Ruess & Sam Means
Gwen Stefani - "The Sweet Escape".
Written by Gwen Stefani & Linda Perry
Sierra Swan - "It's A Merry Time - Digital Single".
Written by Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry
2007.
Various Artists - "".
Mixed, engineered & produced by Linda Perry
Ben Jelen - "Ex-Sensitive".
Tracks 1, 2 & 9 written by Ben Jelen & Linda Perry
Track 4 written by Ben Jelen, Matt Scannell & Linda Perry
Tracks 5 & 6 written by Linda Perry
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
The Section Quartet - "Fuzzbox".
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
Jamie Scott & The Town - "Park Bench Theories".
Written by Jamie Scott & Linda Perry
Gina Gershon - "In Search Of Cleo".
Track 1 written by Linda Perry
Track 7 written by Gina Gershon & Linda Perry
Tracks 7 & 10 produced, mixed & engineered by Linda Perry
Track 5 engineered by Linda Perry
Vanessa Carlton - "Heroes & Thieves".
Tracks 3 & 8 written by Vanessa Carlton & Linda Perry
Track 6 written by Vanessa Carlton, Linda Perry & Stephan Jenkins
Tracks 3 & 8 produced & engineered by Linda Perry
Alicia Keys - "As I Am".
Track 3 written by Alicia Keys, Linda Perry & Steve Mostyn
Track 8 & 14 written by Alicia Keys & Linda Perry
Tracks 8 & 14 produced by Alicia Keys & Linda Perry
Celine Dion - "Taking Chances".
Written by Linda Perry
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
The Format - "B-Sides & Rarities".
Written by Sam Means, Linda Perry & Nate Ruess
Recorded by Linda Perry
2008.
Ben Jelen - "Wreckage EP - Digital only".
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
Sierra Swan - "Queen Of The Valley".
Written by Sierra Swan & Linda Perry
Produced by Linda Perry
Gavin Rossdale - "Wanderlust".
Written by Gavin Rossdale & Linda Perry
Christina Aguilera - "Keeps Gettin' Better".
Written by Christina Aguilera & Linda Perry
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
Daniel Powter - "Under The Radar".
Track 9 written by Daniel Powter & Linda Perry
Track 10 written by Linda Perry
Produced & engineered by Linda Perry
Giusy Ferreri - "Gaetana".
Written by Linda Perry
Italian translation by Tiziano Ferro
2009-2010.
Christina Aguilera - "Bionic".
Written and Produced by Linda Perry
Little Fish - "Baffled & Beat".
Album produced by Linda Perry
Alicia Keys - "The Element of Freedom (Deluxe Edition)".
Written & Produced by Alicia Keys & Linda Perry
Sierra Swan - "Girl Who Cried Wolf".
"Confirmed tracks:"
Recorded at Kung Fu Gardens, North Hollywood, (with Linda Perry?)
Hole - "Nobody's Daughter".
What originally began as a Courtney Love solo album, has now turned into a Hole album. Linda Perry was the original producer, starting in 2006, of all the tracks. Eventually Courtney Love decided to go for a more "hard rock" feel and had most of the songs reproduced with guitarist Micko Larkin and Michael Beinhorn in 2009 - reforming the band Hole. Linda Perry still has songwriting credits on four tracks, and producer credit on one track. The album will be released on April 27, 2010 worldwide. 
Final Track listing
The track listing was revealed by holerock.net.
(*) denotes additional production

</doc>
<doc id="19592362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592362" title="Stan Dell">
Stan Dell

Stanley (Stan) Dell (born 31 October 1912 in Coventry, England - died 24 November 1950) was a speedway rider.
Career.
Dell started his career at his local track at Coventry in 1932. When track close he moved to the West Ham Hammers and spent three seasons at the Custom House track. During 1936 he rode for Cardiff in the Provincial League and then moved onto the Hackney Wick Wolves, where he stayed until the outbreak of World War II, winning the National League Division II Championship in 1938. Whilst riding for a Hackney at West Ham he was involved in a crash that left him with a badly broken leg. Doctors thought an amputation would be needed but Dell refused and his leg was saved.
After the war he joined the Birmingham Brummies where he was awarded the captaincy. However on the 7 May 1949, Dell was involved in big crash with Vic Duggan and Arthur Payne. Dell was left with terrible injuries. Despite attempting a comeback in July 1949 he was clearly suffering from the effects of the crash. 
He retired from racing at the end of that season and started a training school. The effects from the crash were still causing him health problems and further surgery was required. He did not reagin his health and died on 24 November 1950 aged just thirty eight.

</doc>
<doc id="19592365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592365" title="Arctostaphylos regismontana">
Arctostaphylos regismontana

Arctostaphylos regismontana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Kings Mountain manzanita. It is endemic to California, where it is known from the northern slopes of the Santa Cruz Mountains in the southern San Francisco Bay Area. 
It can be found in chaparral and broadleaf and coniferous forest on granite and sandstone soils. 
This is an erect shrub reaching over two meters in height and known to exceed four meters. It is bristly and glandular, exuding sticky resins. It has a dense foliage of curved oval-shaped leaves which are greenish in color and fuzzy and sticky in texture. They are smooth or toothed along the edges and up to 6 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence is an open cluster of conical manzanita flowers each one half to one centimeter long. The fruit is a hairy, sticky drupe.

</doc>
<doc id="19592366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592366" title="Ode to Joy">
Ode to Joy

Ode to Joy (or Hymn to Joy) is the English translation of the German song ""Ode an die Freude"" composed by the poet Friedrich Schiller in 1785. The hymn is best known for its musical setting by Ludwig van Beethoven in the final movement of his Ninth Symphony, for four solo voices, chorus, and orchestra. The hymn was adopted as the Anthem of Europe by the Council of Europe in 1972, and subsequently the European Union.
Text.
<poem>
</poem>
German version.
"Ode to Joy" (, first line: ), also called "Hymn to Joy", is an ode written in 1785 by German poet, playwright and historian, Friedrich Schiller, who was enthusiastically celebrating the brotherhood and unity of all mankind. Schiller later made some small revisions to the poem when it was republished, and it was this latter version that forms the basis for Beethoven's famous setting. Despite the lasting popularity of the ode, Schiller himself regarded it as a failure later in his life, going so far as calling it "detached from reality" and "of value maybe for us two, but not for the world, nor for the art of poetry" in a letter to his long-time friend and patron Körner (whose friendship had originally inspired him to write the ode) that he wrote in the year 1800.
To the extent the foregoing account is true, it may be due to Schiller's having changed a key word out of fear. "Leonard Bernstein reminded his audiences, the poem was originally an 'Ode to Freedom' and the word 'Joy' (Freude instead of Freiheit, added to the third pillar, Freundschaft) came as a substitute for the more overtly political theme." However, despite widespread belief in this motive, there is no definite historical evidence or direct documentation of this particular change in the poem.
Musical setting to Symphony 9 (Beethoven).
The ode is best known for its musical setting by Ludwig van Beethoven in the final movement of his Ninth Symphony (completed in 1824), a choral symphony for orchestra, four solo voices and choir. There are also many other musical settings, both before and after Beethoven's, of part or all of the poem (see below).
Other versions and uses.
The Beethoven setting was adopted as the Anthem of Europe by the Council of Europe in 1972 and the then European Community—since 1993 the European Union—in 1985; the tune was used for the national anthem of Rhodesia. It has been used in a number of other contexts: notably in The Beatles second film, "HELP!", Stanley Kubrick's 1971 film "A Clockwork Orange" and in the "Die Hard" film franchise, as well as the anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion and subsequent remake, . In 1996, it became the theme song for Triple H in the World Wrestling Federation until early 1998. It is the basic melody for the hymn "Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee" as well as for the songs "A Song of Joy" by Miguel Ríos, and "Road to Joy" by Bright Eyes. Since 2005 it is the Copa Libertadores official anthem. A version of the song was used as the Everybody Loves Raymond theme song. Recently, it is also used in the game "Peggle." It is also used as a closing theme for both the Summer Olympics and Winter Olympics television broadcasts on many networks also classical radio station KUSC uses it and the official sign off for their pledge drive fundraising.
Other musical settings.
Other musical settings of the poem include:

</doc>
<doc id="19592387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592387" title="Tina Pickett">
Tina Pickett

Tina L. Pickett is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 110th District who was elected in 2000. She currently serves on the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs, Consumer Affairs, Rules and Transportation Committees.
Personal.
Pickett resides in Towanda. She has one daughter and one granddaughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19592397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592397" title="2006 Mercedes Cup – Singles">
2006 Mercedes Cup – Singles

David Ferrer defeated José Acasuso 6–4, 3–6, 6–7(3), 7–5, 6–4 to win the 2006 Mercedes Cup singles event.

</doc>
<doc id="19592405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592405" title="Prise de fer">
Prise de fer

Prise de fer is a movement used in fencing in which a fencer takes the opponent's blade into a line and holds it there in preparation to attack. Translated from French, the phrase prise de fer means "taking-the-blade" or "taking-the-steel". Alternate spellings include the plural "Prises de Fer" or "Les Prises de Fer", and "Praise de Fer". There are four prise de fer actions: opposition, croisè, bind, and envelopment. However, each fencing master and fencing doctrine has a separate view of prise de fer. William Gaugler lists all four actions under "Prise de Fer" in his dictionary of fencing terminology, while Roger Crosnier in his book "Fencing with the Foil" only mentions the croisé, the bind, and the envelopment as prise de fer actions. Any prise de fer action requires that the blades be engaged, and it works best against an opponent who uses and maintains a straight arm. Additionally, a successful action demands surprise, precise timing, and control.
Opposition.
In the "opposition", a fencer takes an opponent's blade in any line and then extends in that line, diverting the opponent's blade, until the action is complete. The opposition can be done from any line, and it is a strong attack when done with a straight thrust. The amount of power needed to complete an opposition is just enough to carry the opponent's blade barely out of line, but not so much as to force it into a different line.
The opposition is typically classified as an action in the French style of fencing, and it is similar to what the Italian school calls a "glide". However, some doctrines teach that the opposition and the glide are separate actions, but the glide can be done using an opposition. William Gaugler defines the opposition as an action completed during a thrust in which the hand is shifted against the opponent's blade in an attempt to close the line, while the glide slides along the opponent's blade onto target. Louis Rondelle instructs that a glide should be kept in opposition and that it is "in reality a feint of direct thrust." Julio Martinez Castello refers to the glide as a "sliding thrust" that will dominate the opponent's blade by forcing it to the side.
Bind.
The "bind" takes the opponent's blade from any line diagonally to the opposing line. The action can be done from high to low line or vice versa. For example, from sixth, the opponent's blade is taken to seventh, or from eighth, the blade is taken to fourth. The bind is also known as a "Transport" or a "Transport and Glide". As with all other prise de fer actions, there are numerous fencing doctrines. Luigi Barbasetti teaches that the bind is only done from prime, seconde, tierce, quarte, and quinte. C-L. de Beaumont teaches that the bind is done by "making a half-circular movement with the blades continually in contact, carrying the opponent's blade diagonally from a high to a low line on the opposite side of the target or vice versa. The attack is then made by extending the arm and lunging, while holding the opponent's blade." Julio Martinez Castello recommends that the bind be followed by a glide, but any attack is possible. To complete the bind from low line, first the forearm and blade are raised with the blade slightly off line. Once the blade is sufficiently raised to high line, the arm and blade are carried across to the new line until in position. Also see "liement" and "flanconade" below.
Croisé.
The "croisé" carries the opponent's blade vertically from one line to the opposite line on the same side. For example, from sixth, the blade is carried to eighth. This action is sometimes referred to as a "Cross", and it is well described as a semibind. However, some fencing schools believe that the croisé is only done from high line to low line. Other fencing doctrines believe that the croisé from low line to high line is at least theoretical if not truth. There are also those that believe the croisé to be a bind, as Julio Martinez Castello wrote in his book "The Theory and Practice of Fencing." Also see "liement", "flanconade", and "copertino" below.
Envelopment.
An "envelopment" is conducted by starting in a line and then completing a full circular motion in order to return to that same line. This action is also known as a "Circular Transfer" or an "Enveloppement". One school of thought is that the action is, in theory, done from any line, but it works best when done from sixth because of the difficulty of holding onto the opponent's blade otherwise. Jean-Jacques Gillet writes that the envolpment can be done from all lines but works particularly well in the actions that move the blade to the outside of the body. Roger Crosnier writes that the size of the circle in the envelopment needs to be limited, and in order to do so, the actions must be made with the wrist, because otherwise the action would be to too slow and cumbersome and thereby easily detected and deceived. Julio Martinez Castello teaches that the envelopment is essentially a combination of two binds since it completes two semicircles. In addition, he writes that the action can be followed by any attack, but preferably a glide, because that combination would continue to sustain a constant control of the opponent's blade.
Miscellaneous.
Liement.
A "liement" is an action that takes the blade from high line to low line or vice versa. Depending on the motion of the action taken, the liement can be interpreted as either a bind or a croisé. A croisé from six as well as a bind fron six takes the blade from high to low line.
Flanconade.
The "flanconade" is referenced as being a bind or a croisé. Imre Vass defines it as a "bind thrust" in which a fencer carries the opponent's blade from high line to low line on the same side but it will be the diagonal line for the opponent. Depending on the motion of the action, this can be interpreted as either a bind or a croisé. William Gaugler writes that there are three flanconades: the flanconade in fourth (or external flanconade), the internal flanconade, and the flanconade in second. The flanconade in fourth is the same as a croisé from fourth whereas the internal flanconade is a transport (bind) to first from third ending with a glide to the inside low line and the flanconade in second is a transport (bind) to second from fourth ending in a glide to the outside low line. Louis Rondelle explains the flanconade as starting in a high four, and then carries it downward until it terminates as a thrust under the opponent's arm. This description, against a right-handed opponent, can be interpreted as a croisé.
Copertino.
The "copertino" is another term associated with the croisé as well as the flanconade. Imre Vass differentiates the copertino and the croisé by listing them both as a "bind thrust" actions on the same side but the copertino ends on the opposite side of the opponent's blade while the croisé simply ends in the opposite line. The copertino is also interpreted as a croisé.

</doc>
<doc id="19592412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592412" title="IEEE 754 revision">
IEEE 754 revision

IEEE 754-2008 (previously known as "IEEE 754r") was published in August 2008 and is a significant revision to, and replaces, the IEEE 754-1985 floating point standard. The revision extended the previous standard where it was necessary, added decimal arithmetic and formats, tightened up certain areas of the original standard which were left undefined, and merged in IEEE 854 (the radix-independent floating-point standard).
In a few cases, where stricter definitions of binary floating-point arithmetic might be performance-incompatible with some existing implementation, they were made optional.
Revision process.
The standard had been under revision since 2000, with a target completion date of December 2006. The revision of an IEEE standard broadly follows three phases:
On 11 June 2008, it was approved unanimously by the IEEE Revision Committee (RevCom), and it was formally approved by the IEEE-SA Standards Board on 12 June 2008. It was published on 29 August 2008.
754r Working Group phase.
Participation in drafting the standard was open to people with a solid knowledge of floating-point arithmetic. More than 90 people attended at least one of the monthly meetings, which were held in Silicon Valley, and many more participated through the mailing list. 
Progress at times was slow, leading the chairman to declare at the September 15, 2005 meeting that "no progress is being made, I am suspending these meetings until further notice on those grounds". 
In December 2005, the committee reorganized under new rules with a target completion date of December 2006.
New policies and procedures were adopted in February 2006. In September 2006 a working draft was approved to be sent to the parent sponsoring committee (the IEEE Microprocessor Standards Committee, or MSC) for editing and to be sent to sponsor ballot.
754r Ballot phase.
The MSC accepted the draft on 9 October 2006; the draft sent to the MSC can be found here. Note that the draft has been changed significantly in detail during the balloting process, although the content is broadly the same.
The first sponsor ballot took place from 2006-11-29 through 2006-12-28. Of the 84 members of the voting body, 85.7% responded—78.6% voted approval. There were negative votes (and over 400 comments) so there was a recirculation ballot in March 2007; this received an 84% approval. There were sufficient comments (over 130) from that ballot that a third draft was prepared for second, 15-day, recirculation ballot which started in mid-April 2007. For a technical reason, the ballot process was restarted with the 4th ballot in October 2007; there were also substantial changes in the draft resulting from 650 voters' comments and from requests from the sponsor (the IEEE MSC); this ballot just failed to reach the required 75% approval. The 5th ballot had a 98.0% response rate with 91.0% approval, with comments leading to relatively small changes. The 6th, 7th, and 8th ballots sustained approval ratings of over 90% with progressively fewer comments on each draft; the 8th (which had no in-scope comments: 9 were repeats of previous comments and one referred to material not in the draft) was submitted to the IEEE Standards Revision Committee ('RevCom') for approval as an IEEE standard.
754r Review and Approval phase.
The IEEE Standards Revision Committee (RevCom) considered and unanimously approved the IEEE 754r draft at its June 2008 meeting, and it was approved by the IEEE-SA Standards Board on 12 June 2008. Final editing is complete and the document has now been forwarded to the IEEE Standards Publications Department for publication.
IEEE Std 754-2008 publication.
The new IEEE 754 (formally IEEE Std 754-2008, the IEEE Standard for Floating-Point Arithmetic) was published by the IEEE Computer Society on 29 August 2008, and is available from the IEEE Xplore website. 
This standard replaces IEEE 754-1985. IEEE 854, the Radix-Independent floating-point standard was withdrawn in December 2008.
Summary of the revisions.
The most obvious enhancements to the standard are the addition of a 16-bit and a 128-bit binary type and three decimal types, some new operations, and many recommended functions. However, there have been significant clarifications in terminology throughout. This summary highlights the main differences in each major clause of the standard.
Clause 1: Overview.
The scope (determined by the sponsor of the standard) has been widened to include decimal formats and arithmetic, and adds extendable formats..
Clause 2: Definitions.
Many of the definitions have been rewritten for clarification and consistency. A few terms have been renamed for clarity (for example, "denormalized" has been renamed to "subnormal").
Clause 3: Formats.
The description of formats has been made more regular, with a distinction between "arithmetic formats" (in which arithmetic may be carried out) and "interchange formats" (which have a standard encoding). Conformance to the standard is now defined in these terms.
The specification levels of a floating-point format have been enumerated, to clarify the distinction between:
The sets of representable entities are then explained in detail, showing that they can be treated with the significand being considered either as a fraction or an integer. The particular sets known as "basic formats" are defined, and the encodings used for interchange of binary and decimal formats are explained.
The binary interchange formats have the "half precision" (16-bit storage format) and "quad precision" (128-bit format) added, together with generalized formulae for some wider formats; the basic formats have 32-bit, 64-bit, and 128-bit encodings.
Three new decimal formats are described, matching the lengths of the 32–128-bit binary formats. These give decimal interchange formats with 7, 16, and 34-digit significands, which may be normalized or unnormalized. For maximum range and precision, the formats merge part of the exponent and significand into a "combination field", and compress the remainder of the significand using either a decimal integer encoding (which uses "Densely Packed Decimal", or DPD, a compressed form of BCD) encoding or conventional binary integer encoding. The basic formats are the two larger sizes, which have 64-bit and 128-bit encodings. Generalized formulae for some other interchange formats are also specified.
Extended and extendable formats allow for arithmetic at other precisions and ranges.
Clause 4: Attributes and rounding.
This clause has been changed to encourage the use of static attributes for controlling floating-point operations, and (in addition to required rounding attributes) allow for alternate exception handling, widening of intermediate results, value-changing optimizations, and reproducibility.
The "round-to-nearest, ties away from zero" rounding attribute has been added (required for decimal operations only).
Clause 5: Operations.
This section has numerous clarifications (notably in the area of comparisons), and several previously recommended operations (such as copy, negate, abs, and class) are now required.
New operations include Fused multiply–add (FMA), explicit conversions, classification predicates (isNan("x"), "etc."), various min and max functions, a total ordering predicate, and two decimal-specific operations (samequantum and quantize).
min and max.
The min and max operations are defined but leave some leeway for the case where the inputs are equal in value but differ in representation. In particular:
In order to support operations such as windowing in which a NaN input should be quietly replaced with one of the end points, min and max are defined to select a number, x, in preference to a quiet NaN:
In the current draft, these functions are called "minNum" and "maxNum" to indicate their preference for a number over a quiet NaN.
decimal arithmetic.
Decimal arithmetic, compatible with that used in Java, C#, PL/I, COBOL, Python, REXX, "etc.", is also defined in this section. In general, decimal arithmetic follows the same rules as binary arithmetic (results are correctly rounded, and so on), with additional rules that define the exponent of a result (more than one is possible in many cases).
correctly rounded base conversion.
Unlike in 854, 754r requires correctly rounded base conversion between decimal and binary floating point within a range which depends on the format.
Clause 6: Infinity, NaNs, and sign bit.
This clause has been revised and clarified, but with no major additions.
Clause 7: Default exception handling.
This clause has been revised and considerably clarified, but with no major additions.
Clause 8: Alternate exception handling.
This clause has been extended from the previous Clause 8 ('Traps') to allow optional exception handling in various forms, including traps and other models such as try/catch. Traps and other exception mechanisms remain optional, as they were in IEEE 754-1985.
Clause 9: Recommended operations.
This clause is new; it recommends fifty operations, including log, power, and trigonometric functions, that language standards should define. These are all optional (none are required in order to conform to the standard). The operations include some on dynamic modes for attributes, and also a set of reduction operations (sum, scaled product, "etc.").
Clause 10: Expression evaluation.
This clause is new; it recommends how language standards should specify the semantics of sequences of operations, and points out the subtleties of literal meanings and optimizations that change the value of a result.
Clause 11: Reproducibility.
This clause is new; it recommends that language standards should provide a means to write reproducible programs ("i.e.", programs that will produce the same result in all implementations of a language), and describes what needs to be done to achieve reproducible results.
Annex A: Bibliography.
This annex is new; it lists some useful references.
Annex B: Program debugging support.
This annex is new; it provides guidance to debugger developers for features that are desired for supporting the debugging of floating point code.
Index of operations.
This is a new index, which lists all the operations described in the standard (required or optional).
Discussed but not included.
Due to changes in CPU design and development, the 2008 IEEE floating point standard could be viewed as historical or outdated as the 1985 standard it replaced. There were many outside discussions and items not covered in the standardization process, the items below are the ones that became public knowledge

</doc>
<doc id="19592433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592433" title="Hastinapur Sanctuary">
Hastinapur Sanctuary

Hastinapur Sanctuary was founded in 1986, in Meerut, Ghaziabad, Bijnore and Jyotiba Phule Nagar. The Hastinapur Sanctuary sprawling in an area of 2073 km2. The population of the wild animals includes various species of animals including antelope, sambhar, cheetal, blue bull, leopard, hyena, wild cat, and different types of birds. It is also houses of alligators.
Getting there.
By Air.
The nearest airport is Delhi, which is around 110 km away.
By Rail.
Nearest railhead is Meerut, which is 40 km from the sanctuary.
By Road.
Hastinapur on National Highway No. 119 Delhi-Meerut-Pauri and is connected by road to all parts of the state.
Attractions.
The marshy land along the Ganges makes this sanctuary a haven for migratory birds. Over 350 species of birds are found here such as painted stork, black and white necked stork, sarus crane, as well as night birds of prey, ranging from the great Indian horned owl to the jungle owlet, colourful woodpecker, barbet, kingfisher, minivet, bee-eater and bulbul.
Hastinapur National Park is rich in faunal wealth because of the varied types of ecological niches existing in the reserve. The main groups occur are mammals, birds, reptiles (snakes and lizards), amphibians (frogs & toads) butterflies and fishes, and chiefly the invertebrate groups are, the Scorpions, Centipedes, Odonata (dragon & damselflies), Hymenoptera (wasps, bees, etc.) Isoptera (termites) and Lepidoptera which comprises more than 60 species. Our National Bird Peacock is found here in abundance.
Other inhabitants include the sloth bear, jackal, wild pig and the lesser cats- fishing cat, leopard cat, jungle cat and civet. Hastinapur has also an abundance of birds. There are spectacular painted storks, black and white necked storks, sarus cranes and varied night birds of prey, ranging from the great Indian horned owl to the jungle owlet, Colorful woodpeckers, barbets, kingfishers, minivets, bee eaters and bulbuls flit through the forest canopy.
Gangetic dolphins have been spotted in certain stretches along the river, especially between Haridwar and Bijnor.
Save Sanctuary Movement.
The Hastinapur wildlife sanctuary has one third part of total sanctuary area of Uttar pradesh, 25 years ago it has notified as wildlife sanctuary to protect ecology, biodiversity of Ganga basin and conserve global, national, regional, state and local environment. It is important that steps are taken by the government to develop this area in the same way as they have developed the Corbett National Park or the Ranthambore Wildlife Sanctuary and invite investment for development of hotel and other tourism related infrastructure inside the sanctuary area to encourage tourism. This will give lot of employment opportunities to the local population at the same time develop the area for wildlife tourism.
Industrial activities are generating air, water and noise pollution in the sanctuary, stone crushers, sugar mill, organics, paper mill, chemical industries, cotton mill, fiber unit, automobiles, rubber industries, brick bhattas and others polluted units are violating the acts openly. Large numbers are decreasing of wildlife as swamp deer, the Ganges dolphin, skimmer, leopard, crocodile and other IUCN Red Listed species because natural habitat damaged of indigenous species and those hunting.
To make a proper sanctuary, Greenman Vijaypal Baghel an environmental activist is fighting against hunting, illegal encroaching, tree cutting, sand mining, biodiversity destroying, violating of Wildlife Protection act and other related Hon'ble court's guidelines since 2001. Paryawaran Sachetak Samiti & WWF is organizing many activities to protect Hastinapur Wildlife Sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="19592439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592439" title="A Place for Mom">
A Place for Mom

A Place for Mom is a privately held, for-profit senior care referral service based in Seattle, Washington. The company provides information about senior housing and elder care providers to seniors and their families throughout the United States. At the same time it serves as a marketing tool for the thousands of homes and providers to which it refers. It is the largest such service in the nation and has more than 500 employees.
The company refers assisted living communities,retirement communities, independent senior apartments, residential care homes, and home care agencies. In order to provide the information service to consumers at no charge, participating communities or agencies pay a fee to A Place for Mom. Each person inquiring is matched with a Senior Living Advisor who completes an assessment of clinical, financial, and geographical needs on the telephone or online. Based on the assessment, the advisor provides general guidance as well as a list of housing or care providers, ideally in accordance with the client's stated needs and preferences. A Place for Mom advisors also offer ongoing support and guidance to families following their initial inquiry as they work to find the right senior community or care provider. The company generates revenue when a senior moves to a provider referred by their Advisor. It is worth noting that A Place for Mom does not provide an exhaustive list of senior care options. A Place for Mom only provides the names of companies that agree to pay for their services. The company also develops and markets customer relationship management (CRM) software for the senior housing industry. 
History.
A Place for Mom was founded in July 2000 by Pamala Temple, John Temple and Brian Trisler. Its founding principle is to provide personal and professional assistance to families in the search of elder care options. In 2006, A Place for Mom received $9.5 million in venture capital from Battery Ventures. In July 2010 a private equity firm, Warburg Pincus, purchased a majority stake of A Place For Mom.
Awards and recognition.
In 2007, the company was 71st fastest growing out of 100 top companies in the healthcare industry by Inc 5000. Also in 2007, the company was listed number 239 in Entrepreneur Magazine's Hot 500 list.
In 2008, the company was ranked 66 out of 100 of the fastest growing private companies in the healthcare industry by Inc 5000. Also in 2008, the company was listed 18th on the Deloitte & Touche Technology Fast 50 for Washington State.

</doc>
<doc id="19592448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592448" title="1999 MTV Europe Music Awards">
1999 MTV Europe Music Awards

The 1999 MTV Europe Music Awards were held in Dublin, Ireland at The Point. Ronan Keating returned as host, with performers including Mariah Carey singing "Heartbreaker", Britney Spears with "...Baby One More Time" & "(You Drive Me) Crazy", as well as The Cardigans, Jamiroquai, Marilyn Manson and The Corrs and show opener Iggy Pop. 
Presenters included model and actress Carmen Electra, Christina Aguilera, Mary J. Blige, Fun Lovin' Criminals, Spice Girls' Geri Halliwell and actress Denise Richards.
Nominations.
Winners are in bold text.
Regional nominations.
Winners are in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="19592457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592457" title="John Wilmot (politician)">
John Wilmot (politician)

John Eardley Wilmot (1748 – 23 June 1815) was a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain.
Early life.
The younger son of Sir John Eardley Wilmot, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, Wilmot was born at Derby in 1748, and was educated at Westminster School and Oxford, where he went on to become a fellow of All Souls. He studied for the church under Dr William Warburton, but afterwards decided to pursue the law instead and was called to the Bar, which his father called "quitting a bed of roses for a crown o' thorns."
Career.
In 1776, about five years after his call to the bar, Wilmot was returned to parliament for Tiverton in Devon; and, taking part with the opposition, attacked the ministerial party in a pamphlet, denouncing the continuance of the American Revolutionary War. In 1781, he was appointed a master in Chancery; and, in 1782, was commissioned, in conjunction with others, to inquire into the distribution of the sums destined for the relief of the American loyalists. In the following year, he spoke on the subject in parliament; and, in reply to Charles James Fox's condemnation of the large sums expended on the American sufferers, he declared "he would share with them his last shilling and his last loaf." 
In 1784, and the parliament which followed in 1790, Wilmot sat as member for Coventry, and supported the views of Pitt during every session. He was hostile to the French revolution and obtained the distribution of a fund, under the sanction of parliament, on behalf of the emigrants from that country. He was the author of "A Treatise on the Laws and Customs of England".
In November, 1779 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society 
Private life.
In 1804, Wilmot retired from public life and devoted himself to writing. He published a "Life" of his father and another of Bishop Hough. In the year of his death, 1815, "An Historical Review of the Commission relative to the American Loyalists" appeared. 
He lived at Berkswell Hall and was also the last private resident of Bruce Castle. In 1813 he was lord of the manor of the Prebend of Calne.
He was reported to be a man of upright and unimpeachable character, learned and eloquent. He was twice married. His first wife was the only daughter of S. Sainthell, Esq., by whom he had one son, Sir John Eardley-Wilmot, 1st Baronet, and four daughters. He married secondly, in 1793, Miss Hastam, by whom he had two further children who both died young.

</doc>
<doc id="19592486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592486" title="Lê Văn Khôi revolt">
Lê Văn Khôi revolt

The Lê Văn Khôi revolt (1833–1835) was an important revolt in 19th century Vietnam, in which southern Vietnamese, Vietnamese Catholics, French Catholic missionaries and Chinese settlers under the leadership of Lê Văn Khôi opposed the Imperial rule of Minh Mạng.
Origin.
The revolt was spurred by the prosecutions launched by Minh Mạng against southern factions which had opposed his rule and tended to be favourable to Christianity. In particular, Minh Mạng prosecuted Lê Văn Duyệt, a former faithful general of Emperor Gia Long, who had opposed his enthronement. Since Lê Văn Duyệt had already died earlier in 1831, his tomb was profanated, and inscribed with the words "This is the place where the infamous Lê Văn Duyệt was punished".
Start of the revolt.
Lê Văn Khôi, the adoptive son of general Lê Văn Duyệt, had also been imprisoned, but managed to escape on 10 May 1833. Soon, numerous people joined the revolt, in the desire to avenge Lê Văn Duyệt and challenge the legitimacy of the Nguyễn Dynasty.
Catholic support.
Lê Văn Khôi declared himself in favour of the restoration of the line of Prince Cảnh, the original heir to Gia Long according to the rule of primogeniture, in the person of his remaining son An-hoa. This choice was designed to obtain the support of Catholic missionaries and Vietnamese Catholic, who had been supporting with Lê Văn Duyệt the line of Prince Cảnh. Lê Văn Khôi further promised to protect Catholicism.
On 18 May 1833, the rebels managed to take the Citadel of Saigon ("Thanh Phien-an"). Lê Văn Khôi was able to conquer six provinces of Gia Dinh in the space of one month. The main actors of the revolt where Vietnamese Christians and Chinese settlers who had been suffering from the rule of Minh Mạng.
Siamese support.
As Minh Mạng raised an army to quell the rebellion, Lê Văn Khôi fortified himself into the Saigon fortress, and asked for the help of the Siamese. Rama III, king of Siam, accepted the offer and sent troops to attack the Vietnamese provinces of Ha-tien and An-giang and Vietnamese imperial forces in Laos and Cambodia. The Siamese troops were accompanied by 2,000 Vietnamese Catholic troops under the command of Father Nguyen Van Tam. These Siamo-Vietnamese forces were repelled in summer 1834 however by General Truong Minh Giang. Lê Văn Khôi died in 1834 during the siege and was succeeded by his 8-year old son Le Van Cu.
Defeat and repression.
It took three years for Minh Mạng to quell the rebellion and the Siamese offensive. When the fortress of Phien An was invested in September 1835, 1,831 people were executed and buried in mass graves (now situated in 3rd District, Saigon). Only 6 survivors were temporarily spared, among whom were Le Van Cu, but also the French missionary Father Joseph Marchand, of the Paris Foreign Missions Society. Marchand had apparently been supporting the cause of Lê Văn Khôi, and asked for the help of the Siamese army, through communications to his counterpart in Siam, Father Taberd. This revealed the strong Catholic involvement in the revolt Father Marchand was tortured and executed on 5 November 1835, as was the child Le Van Cu.
The failure of the revolt had a disastrous effect on the Christian communities of Vietnam. New waves of persecutions against Christians followed, and demands were made to find and execute remaining missionaries. Anti-Catholic edicts to this effect were issued by Minh Mạng in 1836 and 1838. In 1836–1837 six missionaries were executed: Ignacio Delgado, Dominico Henares, Jean-Charles Cornay, José Fernández, François Jaccard, and Bishop Pierre Borie.

</doc>
<doc id="19592502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592502" title="Il Secolo XIX">
Il Secolo XIX

Il Secolo XIX is an Italian newspaper published in Genoa, Italy, founded in March 1886, subsequently acquired by Ferdinando Maria Perrone in 1897 from Ansaldo.
It is one of the first Italian newspapers to be printed in colour.
On January 16, 2006, its 129th anniversary, the local radio "Radio 19" was launched (receivable also on the "Metropolitana di Genova").

</doc>
<doc id="19592519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592519" title="Arctostaphylos rudis">
Arctostaphylos rudis

Arctostaphylos rudis, with the common names Shagbark manzanita and Sand mesa manzanita, is a species of manzanita. 
Description.
This is an erect shrub growing from a burl to heights between one and two meters - 3 and 6 feet. Its stem and branches are covered in shredding gray and reddish bark, with its smaller branches coated in woolly fibers. The leaves are oval in shape and smooth along the edges with few hairs, green in color and shiny. They are 1 to 3 centimeters long. It flowers in late fall and winter in urn-shaped manzanita flowers. The fruits are hairless red drupes about a centimeter wide or slightly larger.
Distribution.
"Arctostaphylos rudis" is endemic to California, where it is known only from the southern Central Coast. It is most abundant at Burton Mesa in the hills north of Lompoc, and there are a few occurrences remaining near Nipomo. It grows in chaparral and coastal sage scrub on sandy soils. 

</doc>
<doc id="19592540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592540" title="Bobby Hofman">
Bobby Hofman

Robert George Hofman (October 5, 1925 – April 5, 1994) was an American infielder, catcher and coach in Major League Baseball. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Hofman threw and batted right-handed, and stood 5'11" (180 cm) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg).
Life and career.
Hofman's seven-year MLB playing career (1949; 1952–57) was spent entirely with the New York Giants. After a 19-game trial with them in , Hofman made the Giants to stay in and was a member of their 1954 world championship roster. His managers, Leo Durocher and Bill Rigney, used Hofman in a utilityman role and as a right-handed pinch hitter off the Giant bench. Over the course of his National League career, he would appear in 86 games at second base, 49 games at first base, 45 contests as a third baseman, and 26 as a catcher. As a hitter, he had some power, twice (in and ) reaching double figures in home runs. Overall, he appeared in 341 games, batting .248 with 32 home runs in 670 at bats.
From 1958 through 1965, Hofman managed in minor league baseball with the San Francisco Giants and Kansas City Athletics organizations. In , former teammate Alvin Dark (the shortstop for most of Hofman's tenure with the Giants) was named manager of the Athletics, and he added Hofman to his coaching staff. Hofman would go on to coach in the American League for 12 seasons (1966–72; 1974–78) with the Athletics in both Kansas City and Oakland, the Washington Senators and Cleveland Indians. He was a coach, under Dark, on Oakland's 1974 world championship team. After his coaching career, Hofman briefly was Oakland's traveling secretary and, during the 1980s, he served as director of scouting and player development of the New York Yankees. He compiled a record of 574 victories and 599 defeats (.489) as a minor league manager.
Hofman died of cancer in Chesterfield, Missouri, at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19592571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592571" title="Baltic Finns">
Baltic Finns

The Baltic Finns are a Finno-Ugric group of peoples of Northeastern Europe whose modern descendants include the Finns proper, Karelians (including Ludes and Olonets), Veps, Izhorians, Votes, Livonians and Estonians (including Võros and Setos) who speak Baltic-Finnic languages and have inhabited the Baltic Sea region for 3,000 years according to one theory, or up to ten thousand years according to another theory.
Theories of origin.
According to the Migration Theory that was based primarily on comparative linguistics, the proto-Finnic peoples migrated from an ancient homeland somewhere in northwestern Siberia or western Russia to the shores of the Baltic Sea around 1000 BC, at which time Finns and Estonians separated. The Migration Theory has been called into question since 1980, based on genealogy, craniometry and archaeology. Recently, a modified form of the Migration Theory has gained new support among the younger generation of linguists, who consider that archaeology, genes or craniometric data cannot supply evidence of prehistoric languages.
During the last 30 years, scientific research in physical anthropology, craniometric analyses, and the mitochondrial and Y-chromosomal DNA frequencies have reduced the likelihood of the Migration Theory - a major westward migration as recently as 3,000 years ago. The Settlement Continuity Theory asserts that at least the genetic ancestors of the Finno-Ugric peoples were among the earliest indigenous peoples of Europe.
The origin of the people who lived in the Baltic Sea area during the Mesolithic Era continues to be debated by scientists. From the middle of the Neolithic Era onwards, there is agreement to a certain extent among scholars: it has been suggested that Finno-Ugric tribes arrived in the Baltic region from the east or southeast approximately 4000–3000 BC by merging with the original inhabitants, who then adopted the proto-Finno-Ugric language and the Comb Ceramic culture of the newcomers. The members of this new Finno-Ugric-speaking ethnic group are regarded as the ancestors of modern Estonians.
The Y-chromosomal data has also revealed a common Finno-Ugric ancestry for the males of the neighboring Baltic peoples, speakers of the Indo-European Baltic languages. According to the studies, Baltic males are most closely related to the Finno-Ugric-speaking Volga Finns such as the Mari, rather than to Baltic Finns. The indicator of Finno-Ugric origin has been found to be more frequent in Latvians (42%) and Lithuanians (43%) than in Estonians (34%). The results suggest that the territories of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have been settled by Finno-Ugric-speaking tribes since the early Mesolithic period.
On the other hand, some linguists do not consider it likely that a Baltic-Finnic language form could have existed at such an early date. According to these views, the Finno-Ugric languages appeared in Finland and Baltic only during the Early Bronze Age (ca. 1,800 BC), if not later.
Baltic Finnic oral poetry.
The Baltic Finns share a common cultural heritage: the art of ancient "rune" (poem) singing in the Kalevala meter, estimated to be 2,500–3,000 years old. The Veps are the only Baltic Finnish people with no significant corpus of Kalevala meter oral poetry. The poetic tradition has included epic poems (known mostly in Karelia and Ingria, perhaps as survivals from an earlier, wider distribution), lyric poems and magic chants.
The ancient rune singing has inspired the creation of the national epic of Finland, Kalevala compiled by Elias Lönnrot, and the music of Arvo Pärt, the best known Estonian composer in the classical field.
J. R. R. Tolkien has highlighted the importance of Kalevala as a source for his legendarium, including "The Lord of the Rings".
History of the Baltic Finnic peoples.
The Mesolithic Period.
The region has been populated since the end of the last glacial era, about 10,000 BC. The earliest traces of human settlement are connected with Suomusjärvi culture and Kunda culture. The Early Mesolithic Pulli settlement is located by the Pärnu River. It has been dated to the beginning of the 9th millennium BC. The Kunda Culture received its name from the "Lammasmäe" settlement site in northern Estonia, which dates from earlier than 8500. Bone and stone artefacts similar to those found at Kunda have been discovered elsewhere in Estonia, as well as in Latvia, northern Lithuania and southern Finland.
The Neolithic Period.
Around 5300 BCE pottery and agriculture entered Finland. The earliest representatives belong to the Comb Ceramic Cultures, known for their distinctive decorating patterns. This marks the beginning of the Neolithic Period
Comb Ceramic Culture.
Until the early 1980s, the arrival of Finnic peoples, the ancestors of the Estonians, Finns, and Livonians on the shores of the Baltic sea around 3000 BC, was associated with the Comb Ceramic Culture However, such a linking of archaeologically defined cultural entities with linguistic ones cannot be proven and it has been suggested that the increase of settlement finds in the period is more likely to have been associated with an economic boom related to the warming of climate. Some researchers have even argued that a form of Uralic languages may have been spoken in Estonia and Finland since the end of the last glaciation.
Bronze Age.
The beginning of the Bronze Age in Estonia is dated to approximately 1800 BC, in present-day Finland some time after 1500 BCE. The coastal regions of Finland were a part of the Nordic Bronze Culture, whereas in the inland regions the influences came from the bronze-using cultures of Northern Russia. The development of the borders between the Finnic peoples and the Balts was under way. The first fortified settlements, Asva and Ridala on the island of Saaremaa and Iru in the Northern Estonia, began to be built. The development of shipbuilding facilitated the spread of bronze. Changes took place in burial customs, a new type of burial ground spread from Germanic to Estonian areas, stone cist graves and cremation burials became increasingly common aside small number of boat-shaped stone graves.
The Iron Age.
The Pre-Roman Iron Age began in about 500 BC and lasted until the middle of the 1st century AD. The oldest iron items were imported, although since the 1st century iron was smelted from local marsh and lake ore. Settlement sites were located mostly in places that offered natural protection. Fortresses were built, although used temporarily. The appearance of square Celtic fields surrounded by enclosures in Estonia date from the Pre-Roman Iron Age. The majority of stones with man-made indents, which presumably were connected with magic designed to increase crop fertility, date from this period. A new type of grave, quadrangular burial mounds, began to develop. Burial traditions show the clear beginning of social stratification.
The Roman Iron Age is roughly dated to between 50 and 450 AD, the era that was affected by the influence of the Roman Empire. In material culture this is reflected by few Roman coins, some jewellery and artifacts. The abundance of iron artifacts in Southern Estonia speaks of closer mainland ties with southern areas while coastal Finland and the islands of western and northern Estonia communicated with their neighbors mainly by sea.
By the end of the period, clearly defined tribal dialectical areas - (proper-)Finns, Tavastians, Karelians, Northern Estonias, Southern Estonias, and Western Estonias including the islands - had emerged, the population of each having formed its own understanding of identity.
Early Middle Ages.
Finnic peoples in chronicles.
The word "Finn" is first mentioned in the form "fenni" in the 1st century AD by Tacitus, the Roman historian. However it is possible that he was referring to the people of northern Europe in general, particularly the Lappic or Sami people. After that the name "finni" is used by Claudius Ptolemaeus (around 150 AD) and the Byzantine writer Jordanes in his Getica (551 AD). References to Finnic tribes become much more numerous from the Viking era (800-1050). It was not until about 1171 that the word "Finni" was employed to mean the Finns.
The term "Eesti", the name of the Estonians, occurs first again in Tacitus; however, it might have indicated Baltic peoples. In Northern Sagas (13th century) the term started to be used to indicate the Estonians.
In a Norwegian text (11-12th century) the name '"Kiriali" referring to Karelians, and the term 'cornuti Finni, interpreted as referring to the Lapps or Sami people, first appear.
The Russian Primary Chronicle's opening chapter lists the following peoples living "in the share of Japheth" among others: Chud, Merya, Muroma, Ves, Mordvin (Moksha and Erzya), Chud beyond the portages, Perm, Pechera, Yam, Ugra, Liv.
The name "Sum", possibly meaning "Suomi" (Finland in Finnish), is found in Nestor's Chronicle (1000–1100). The names of other Finnic tribes are also listed including Veps, Cheremis, Mordvin (Moksha and Erzya), Permian.
The Chudes, as mentioned by the monk Nestor in the earliest Russian chronicles, were the Ests or Esthonians. According to the Russian Primary Chronicle Chuds bordered on the Varangian Sea (Baltic sea). In 1030 Yaroslav I the Wise invaded the country of the Chuds and laid the foundations of Yuriev, (the historical Russian name of Tartu, Estonia). They remained until 1061 when, according to chronicles, Yuryev was burned down by the Chudes. According to Old East Slavic chronicles the Chudes were one of the founders of the Rus' state.
The Northern (or eastern) Chudes were also a mythical people in folklore among Northern Russians and their neighbours.
In Komi mythology, the Northern Chudes represent the mythic ancestors of the Komi people
Middle Ages.
In the 13th century the east Baltic world was transformed by military conquest: first the Livs and Estonians, then the Finns underwent defeat, baptism, military occupation and sometimes extermination by groups of Germans, Danes and Swedes.

</doc>
<doc id="19592575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592575" title="2002 Winchester 400">
2002 Winchester 400

The thirty-third annual Winchester 400 motor race (run yearly since 1970) was held under American Speed Association sanction on October 6, 2002, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA).
In one of the more remarkable point's finishes in stock car racing history, Joey Clanton of Stockbridge, GA, won the 2002 ASA National Champion by a single point over Gary St. Amant of Columbus, OH, despite St. Amant's victory in the 33rd Annual Winchester 400 at Winchester Speedway. Clanton entered the event requiring a finish of at least two positions within St. Amant to secure the title as he held an 11-point advantage to start the race. Ironically, the two drivers had won the two most recent Winchester 400 events, Clanton last year and St. Amant in 2000.
The race.
Pole-sitter David Stremme, the Pat Schauer Memorial Rookie of the Year, led at the start for 52 laps and later for a 91 lap stretch until mechanical problems slowed him to an eventual ninth place result. Front row starter Mike Garvey also held the point for two lengthy stretches totaling 134 laps until a long pit road stop cost him the lead and took him out of contention on lap 319.
Clanton led twice for only 18 laps but more importantly persevered through an apparent title killing accident. A collision with Garvey and Todd Kluever on lap 318 damaged Clanton's Campfire USA car as he suffered a broken quarter panel and a cut tire. A series of pit stops, including one for speeding on pit road dropped him from second position behind St. Amant to three laps down from the lead lap.
Clanton frantically drove through the field in an attempt to get to at least the third position by the race finish. With seven laps remaining he was running fourth in the field behind St. Amant, Rick Beebe and Kyle Busch. "Our team had an attitude of not giving up and with what happened today you can't say enough about them," said Clanton. "We knew where we had to be all day and mostly we were just riding."
Third-place runner rookie Kyle Busch lost control of his number 07 RoushRacing.com car after suffering a broken wheel on lap 393. It allowed Clanton to move into third place despite being four laps behind St. Amant. The race ended that way with Clanton maintaining a single point margin in the final championship standings and securing his first ASA National Championship. Veteran Rick Beebe finished runner-up, his best result of the 2002 season and was the only car besides St. Amant on the lead lap at the end. It was St. Amant's fourth win of 2002.
"I knew with about 20 (laps) to go that Joey was fourth and that was what it was going to take for us to win the championship," said St. Amant. "I had all the cars I needed right in front of me as the last 25 were pretty easy. When I came off turns 3 and 4 and I saw Kyle sitting there, I knew our title hopes were pretty dim. All I could do was win the race and ultimately that's why we were here. I can't imagine a more bittersweet day."

</doc>
<doc id="19592592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592592" title="MG XPower">
MG XPower

MG XPower is a British automotive brand created by MG Rover Group in 2001 and now owned by MG Sports and Racing Europe, based in Tenbury Wells.
Overview.
The "MG XPower" brand was created by MG Rover for their motorsport subsidiary, MG Sport & Racing Ltd. in 2001. The MG XPower brand was subsequently used for the MG XPower SV sportscar in 2002.
William Riley bought the rights to the "MG XPower" brand from the administrators in 2008, following the collapse of MG Rover in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19592598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592598" title="Mahavir Swami Sanctuary">
Mahavir Swami Sanctuary

Mahavir Swami Sanctuary, is one of many wildlife sanctuaries in Uttar Pradesh. It is 125 km from Jhansi. The sanctuary is spreads over an area of 5.4 km2. Jhansi provides for a wonderful gateway to the Bundelkhand region and has been rendered famous by the legendary Rani Laxmi Bai. 
In addition to a variety of birds, the residents include leopard, nilgai, wild boar, sambhar, black buck, blue bull, bear, jackals, langur and monkeys. The best time to visit here is from November to April. There is a forest rest house to provide accommodation facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19592606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592606" title="Masuda Takashi">
Masuda Takashi

Baron , was an entrepreneur in Meiji, Taishō and early Shōwa period Japan, responsible for transforming Mitsui into a "zaibatsu" through the creation of a general trading company, Mitsui Bussan. He also established a newspaper, the , which was later renamed the "Nihon Keizai Shimbun".
Biography.
Masuda was born on Sado Island, in what is now Niigata Prefecture. His father was an official in the Tokugawa shogunate, serving as Hakodate bugyō, a position which involved in dealing with foreigners and foreign trade as the "sakoku" national isolation policy ended in the Bakumatsu period. During this period, the American Consulate General Townsend Harris was based at Zenpuku-ji in Azabu. Takashi served as an interpreter there at the age of 14. 
Masuda accompanied Ikeda Nagaoki in the unsuccessful 1863 Second Japanese Embassy to Europe to negotiate the cancellation of the open-port status of Yokohama. On his return he studied English at the Hepburn School (the forerunner of Meiji Gakuin University). 
In 1871, after the Meiji restoration, Masuda obtained a job at the Ministry of Finance through his personal connections with Inoue Kaoru. He served as Master of the Mint, but resigned in 1873. In 1874, Masuda established the "Senshu Kaisha" trading company in Yokohama with Inoue’s support. In 1876, at the age of 29, Masuda was appointed the president of Mitsui Trading Company ("Mitsui Bussan Kaisha") and contributed to the development of the Mitsui "zaibatsu" . Mitsui quickly became a dominant player in Japanese exports of silk cloth and thread, cotton, coal, and rice, and in the import of industrial products and weaponry. 
Masuda negotiated with the Ministry of Industry to acquire ownership of the Miike coal mines at very favorable prices when the government decided to divest itself of industries. This became the subsidiary company, Mitsui Mining Company, in 1889, with Dan Takuma as president. In 1900, he created the Taiwan Sugar Corporation, beginning Mitsui’s expansion into Japanese overseas colonies. By the 1910s, Mitsui had developed into Japan’s largest general trading company, accounting for nearly 20% of Japan’s total trade.
Masuda formally retired in 1913, and devoted his energies towards the Japanese tea ceremony. He had residences in Odawara and Kamakura, where he hosted tea ceremonies. In 1918, he was elevated in rank of baron ("danshaku") in the "kazoku" peerage system. 
Masuda died in 1938, and his grave is at the Buddhist temple of Gokoku-ji in Tokyo.
Masuda’s daughter, Uryu Shigeko, accompanied Tsuda Umeko to the United States, and along with Tsuda, devoted her life to furthering education for women in Japan. His son, Masuda Tarokagyu, was a noted playwright.

</doc>
<doc id="19592616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592616" title="1 Lyga">
1 Lyga

The 1 Lyga is the second level of Lithuanian football.

</doc>
<doc id="19592629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592629" title="Midnight Pool">
Midnight Pool

Midnight Pool (Hamaru Billiards in Japan) is a sports simulation video game by Gameloft. The pool (pocket billiards) simulator was originally released for mobile phones. Versions with enhanced graphics were later released for Windows, WiiWare, and iOS and under the name Midnight Pool 3D for phones and the N-Gage platform. It is part of Gameloft's "Midnight" series, which includes "Midnight Bowling", "Midnight Casino" and "Midnight Hold'em Poker".
A sequel, "Midnight Pool 2", was also later released for phones.
Gameplay.
"Midnight Pool" features a story mode, a quick pick-up game arcade mode, a Challenge mode that revolves around sinking trick shots and offline multiplayer. There are three different variations of pool included in the game: 8-ball US rules, 8-ball UK rules and 9-ball, each available in all modes of play, including multiplayer. 
The player chooses from a number of characters to compete as. The game starts with only a handful of characters available to choose from, with additional characters unlocked as the player progresses through the story mode. Additionally, players can also unlock new pool tables and cue colors. The game also features several different bars to play in, each with different challenges to take on.
Control.
On the Wii, the game is controlled using the Wii Remote. Players aim their shot using either the pointer function of the Remote or the D-pad, with players miming the motion of a cue stick to hit the ball. Players can also can pinpoint the precise point on their cue ball they will strike with their cue stick to add spin and to pull off trick shots.
Reception.
WiiWare World rated the WiiWare version an 8/10, calling it a "pretty-looking, fully featured challenging pool simulator" with much more depth than "Wii Play Pool". Official Nintendo Magazine gave the game 74%, commenting that it controls well, there is a nice selection of spin and that the game is great fun in multiplayer. However they did mark it down for the single player being too limited and a lack of online multiplayer. IGN gave the game 7/10, believing that the character designs were horrendous and that the voice overs were unbearable. They did praise the gameplay however, calling it an easy buy for fans of the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="19592648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592648" title="Nelson Fu">
Nelson Fu

Nelson Fu (), 1894—1968, was an important figure in the Chinese Civil War and Revolution. He was one of the few if only western-trained doctor to have made the Long March and later, in Beijing, a Vice-Minister of Public Health, to be responsible for the health 
of the party elite.
In the 1920s and 1930s, Fu lived and worked in the then-prefectural seat of Changting (now Tingzhou town) in Longyan City, western Fujian Province. He was a senior doctor at its British Christian missionary "Hospital of the Gospel".
Fujian liberated.
In March, 1929, a column of the Red Army under the irregular command of Mao Zedong crossed over from the adjacent province of Jiangxi and seized Tingzhou. Wealth was confiscated, the statelier houses were requisitioned. Tingzhou was soon declared the capital of Red Fujian --the liberated portion of that province—replete with governmental apparatus; the Fujian Communists were eventually centralised there also. 
Although Zhu De was shortly restored by vote as Party boss of the column (June 22), before the year was out Mao had secured the backing of CCP leadership in Shanghai and taken effective control of the column back from Zhu. Mao cemented his position at the Gutian Congress, and in February (1930) could leave Tingzhou and Red Fujian under his subordinates, and move on his party rivals in Jiangxi (hereafter JX). His political manoeuvring there resulted in a long and terrible purge of "anti-Bolshevik" elements—a meaningless, catch-all charge (named for an anti-insurgency section of the Guomindang's national government in Nanjing). This was to mean the deaths of five members of the Fu family, including one of Nelson's daughters and her husband. 
On November 7, 1931, in Ruijin county, JX, amidst a great amount of internecine killing, the Chinese Soviet Republic (CSR) was declared, a sovereign state never recognised diplomatically, even by its patron the Soviet Union. Mao was both Head of State ("Central Executive Committee Chair") and Head of Government ("People's Committee Chair"); Zhou Enlai, however, reigned supreme as Party Chair. From now to 1935 (when the last Red forces here were eliminated) the Fujian-Jiangxi border area would suffer the greatest population decrease in the whole of China—about 20%, coincidentally the lowest estimate of population loss in Cambodia during its four years under the (Maoist) Khmer Rouge. 
The first full year under the CSR (1932) did see heightened economic activity in Tingzhou as the nascent state resumed the mining of tungsten, exporting the valuable mineral down the Tingjiang to the mercantile warlords of eastern Guangdong. In April Mao passed through the Red provincial capital with another commandeered column - to seize the Fujianese port of Zhangzhou. Western gunboats in nearby Xiamen (then "Amoy" to their sailors) made Zhangzhou an impractical conduit for Soviet arms shipments, alas, and by the end of May Mao's column, loaded with loot, passed though Tingzhou in the opposite direction.
Move to the Jiangxi Soviet capital.
Dr. Fu's long personal association with Mao began in October (1932), when the Head of State retreated to Tingzhou after losing an important leadership struggle: at the Ningdu Conference, a tempestuous Party meeting at Ningdu (宁都县), JX, the Party Chair Zhou Enlai had been voted top political commissar for the Red Army, foiling Mao's control over any of its columns. Now officially convalescing, Mao entered the Tingzhou Gospel Hospital as a patient for the first time, becoming in a Chinese manner of reckoning Dr.Fu's honoured guest. Mao though spent most days with his pregnant wife and another married couple in a nearby two-storey villa, formerly the property of a wealthy Christian. 
More contact came in November when the Mao baby was born: the attending physician was Fu - or, some sources say, Chen Binghui, another of Fu's son-in-laws. He Zizhen was Mao's second wife (discounting his detested 1908 arranged marriage); her baby was Mao's fourth son, but the first that Mao's bodyguards had seen, and was soon known to them—and to the Jiangxi Soviet leadership—as "Xiao Mao" (Little Mao). 
In January 1933 the Russian-trained Bo Gu (博古) arrived in Ruijin and assumed the position of Party Chair, leaving Zhou to concentrate on directing the CSR's military, the First Red Army. This he did with increasing success (the Nanjing government's Generalissimo Jiang Kaishek would be forced to call off his Fourth Encirclement Campaign in March). Bo came to the conclusion, held by many, that Zhou had been far too lenient with the CSR's recalcitrant Head of State, and now commenced cutting the separate lines of command leading out of Tingzhou. Compelled to return to Ruijin, Mao had the "Hospital of the Gospel" dismantled and carted along to be reassembled for the exclusive benefit of the leadership. Having found himself made the Head of State's personal physician, Dr.Fu (with the remaining members of his family), was also relocated to the red capital. 
Mao's hardly triumphal return in February caused Chairman Bo to quip that Mao would be "just a Kalinin now", comparing him to the USSR's Head of State 1919-1946, a figure not much now remembered. But Mao soon displayed his mettle, devising and driving a savage campaign to root kulaks out of the two provinces under his purview. Nelson Fu was protected from the worst of this campaign but at some low point in his eventual 20 months at Ruijin he contracted TB.
Generalissimo Jiang was meanwhile getting sound military advice in the person of Hans von Seeckt. Their Fifth Encirclement Campaign began that autumn and would destroy the Jiangxi base within the space of a year. Attempting to counter the strategy of the right-wing German were a German military advisor of the opposite persuasion, Otto Braun (李德), stationed by the Com-Intern inside the CSR territory, and -underground in Shanghai- Manfred Stern, a Jewish Austro-Hungarian soon to achieve fame in the Spanish Civil War as General Kléber of the International Brigade. 
By the spring of 1934 Bo, Zhou and Braun had made the decision to retreat the First Red Army out of the Jiangxi-Fujian border area. Head of State Mao, like the rearguard forces and the civilian population, was to go down with the ship. In August though Mao changed his residence to Yudu County (于都县), JX, athwart the route of retreat. Here he was visited by Lin Biao, who helped to secure him places in the caravan. Mao called his wife over from Ruijin, telling her to leave "Xiao Mao" with the boy's uncle, Mao Zetan (毛泽覃), a leader of the rearguard. Mao was now infected by one or more of the millions of mosquitoes besetting Yudu with a malarial parasite, and on the very eve of the retreat in October he was feverish and in severe pain. Nelson Fu was summoned from Ruijin and managed to get the Head of State looking fit enough to travel. The doctor was thus also booked into the great retreat, a horse found to carry him, and chickens to sustain him. Through the long months of what has since become the national-mythological Long March, He Zizhen would see the doctor many times, and always think of the son whom he'd delivered, and whose second birthday she'd had to miss.

</doc>
<doc id="19592652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592652" title="John Milton Harney">
John Milton Harney

John Milton Harney (1789–1825) was an American physician and poet.
Life.
He was born in Delaware, 9 March 1789. He studied medicine and settled in Kentucky. After the death of his wife in childbirth, he took work with the "New York Enquirer".
He then travelled to Europe, accepted a naval appointment, and spent several years in South America.
On his return he edited a paper, the "Savannah Georgian". He became a Catholic, joined the Dominicans, then beginning their mission in Kentucky. 
He died at Somerset, Kentucky, on 15 January 1825.
Works.
He was the author of a number of poems printed in various magazines. In 1816 he published anonymously "Crystallina; a Fairy Tale, in Six Cantos". Works published posthumously were "The Fever Dream", from his time in Savannah, Georgia, and "Echo and the Lover".
Family.
He was the elder brother of William Selby Harney; their father, Thomas Harney, was an officer in the Revolutionary War.
He married Eliza Cooper, daughter of Judge John Rowan. She died in 1815.

</doc>
<doc id="19592656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592656" title="2000 MTV Europe Music Awards">
2000 MTV Europe Music Awards

The 2000 MTV Europe Music Awards were held on November 16, 2000 at the Ericsson Globe, Stockholm.
The show itself featured 12 different production sets. Jennifer Lopez entered the arena from the ceiling in a specially built plane to perform "Love Don't Cost a Thing", Ricky Martin sang "She Bangs" surrounded by tanks of underwater dancers and Robbie Williams and Kylie Minogue teamed up for a rendition of "Kids". The Spice Girls performance was their last before their disbandment and appeared on the same set list as Madonna (who sported a Kylie T-shirt whilst singing "Music"), U2 and Moby.
Presenters included Kelis, Madonna’s husband Guy Ritchie, Moby and Heidi Klum.
Nominations.
Winners are in bold text.
Regional nominations.
Winners are in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="19592675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592675" title="Denys Sokolovskyi">
Denys Sokolovskyi

Denys Sokolovskyi (born 26 March 1979 in Donetsk) is a retired Ukrainian professional football player who played for several clubs in Europe, including FC Metalurh Donetsk and FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League, Panionios FC in the Greek Superleague and Pogoń Szczecin the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Sokolovskyi had brief stints with clubs in Greece and Poland before returning to Ukraine with FC Vorskla Poltava for the 2002 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19592684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592684" title="Arctostaphylos silvicola">
Arctostaphylos silvicola

Arctostaphylos silvicola is a species of manzanita known by the common names Bonny Doon or silverleaf manzanita. It is endemic to the sandhills of the southern Santa Cruz Mountains in California's Santa Cruz and Santa Clara counties. 
Description.
This is a large shrub growing at least a meter tall and known to exceed six meters in height, looking much like a tree. The bark is dark red and smooth. The leaves are greenish gray in color and sometimes slightly woolly. They are oval in shape and up to 3.5 centimeters long. The shrub flowers in inflorescences of long, urn-shaped manzanita flowers and produces drupes 6 to 12 millimeters wide. 
Habitat.
"Arctostaphylos silvicola" grows in coniferous forest and chaparral on inland marine sands.
Conservation Status.
Silverleaf is listed as "fairly endangered" by the California Native Plant Society. The main threats to the species are habitat loss through sand mining and development. A portion of the habitat is protected by the Bonny Doon Ecological Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="19592707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592707" title="Fishing in Portugal">
Fishing in Portugal

Fishing is a major economic activity in Portugal. The country has a long tradition in the sector, and is among the countries in the world with the highest fish consumption per capita. Roman ruins of fish processing facilities were found across the Portuguese coast. Fish has been an important staple for the entire Portuguese population, at least since the Portuguese Age of Discovery. 
The Portuguese fishing sector is divided into various subsectors, which in turn are divided between industrial fishing and artisanal fishing. According to trade union sources, over 50% of fishing workers work in the artisanal area. There are a variety of trade unions and employers' organisations representing sectoral and regional interests. 
Portugal's Exclusive Economic Zone, a seazone over which the Portuguese have special rights over the exploration and use of marine resources, has 1,727,408 km2. This is the 3rd largest Exclusive Economic Zone of the European Union and the 11th in the world.
Overview.
The fishing sector in Portugal faced deep structural changes in terms of both the volume of its business and its working conditions since adhesion to the European Economic Community in 1986. The fishing fleet dropped from 12,299 vessels of all kinds in 1994 to 10,933 in 1999, while the number of registered fishing workers fell from 31,721 to 27,191. The volume of imported fish increased by 31% from 1990 to 1999, whereas exports decreased by 0.4% over the same period. 
In 1997, 4,932 people were registered as employees in the fishing sector. In 2004, there were 10,089 vessels registered with a total size of 112,978 GRT and a total power of 391 006 kW. These numbers indicate a reduction in overall fleet size since 1998 of approximately 9.9% in number, 1.5% in GRT and 0.8% in power.
Total catches fell from 224,000 t in 1998 to 140,000 t in 2004, a 38% decrease. 
As laid out in its Common Fisheries Policy, the European Union is seeking to establish a policy that determines priorities which will contribute to a sustainable balance between fisheries resources and their exploitation; increase the competitiveness of fishing enterprises and organisations; and develop viable enterprises. The EU has been paying special attention to the situation in Portugal both because of the characteristics of the Portuguese coastal area and the type of vessel used there. The Portuguese fishing fleet has changed significantly, both in size and in character, in order to adjust fishing capacity to the potential of national, EU, non-EU and international waters. 
Reflecting the current status of the national resources and restricted access to foreign fishing grounds, re-dimensioning of the fleet is part of the renovation and modernization process. During the 1990s and 2000s, new fishing vessels, with improved on-board fish conservation methods, automated work systems, and electronic navigation and fish detection systems, were gradually introduced to replace the ageing fishing vessels from the 1980s and before.
History.
Roman ruins of fish processing facilities were found across the Portuguese coast. Garum (a type of fermented fish sauce) of Lusitania (present-day Portugal) was highly prized in Rome. It was shipped to Rome directly from the harbour of Lacobriga (present-day Lagos). The fishing and fish processing industry was so important in the territory, that ruins of a former Roman garum factory can be even visited today in the downtown of Lisbon's old quarter. 
Fish has been an important staple for the entire Portuguese population, at least since the Portuguese Age of Discovery. The Portuguese population is among the world's largest per capita fish consumers. Portuguese cuisine includes a variety of fish and other seafood-based dishes, some of them renowned internationally.
Resource management and regulation.
The main institution responsible for fisheries management is the Directorate-General of Fisheries and Aquaculture (DGPA), in association with the Assistant-Secretariat of State and the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forests. The "Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos" (INRB), as well as the Producer Organizations and Shipowner’s Associations, are consulted and have an advisory role in the decision-making process. 
INRB is also responsible for fish stock assessments within the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICES) and the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization (NAFO) frameworks. INRB uses information collected during research surveys and in fishing ports, and also the catch statistics provided by DGPA. At a national level, INRB has also the role of proposing technical measures to protect and maintain fish stocks.
Marine fisheries.
The Portuguese fishing industry is fairly large and diversified. Fishing vessels classified according to the area in which they operate, can be divided into local fishing vessels, coastal fishing vessels and long-distance fishing vessels.
The local fleet is mainly composed of small traditional vessels (less than 5 GRT), comprising, in 2004, 87% of the total fishing fleet and accounting for 8% of the total tonnage. These vessels are usually equipped to use more than one fishing method, such as hooks, gill nets and traps, and constitute the so-called polyvalent segment of the fleet. Their physical output is low but reasonable levels of income are attained by virtue of the high commercial value of the species they capture: octopus, black scabbardfish, conger, pouting, hake and anglerfish. Purse seine fishing is also part of the local fleet and has, on the mainland, only one target species: the sardine. This fishery represents 37% of total landings.
The coastal fishing fleet accounted for only 13% of vessels but had the largest GRT (93%). These vessels operate in areas farther from the coast, and even outside the Portugal's Exclusive Economic Zone. The coastal fishing fleet comprises polyvalent, purse seine and trawl fishing vessels. The trawlers operate only on the mainland shelf and target demersal species such as horse mackerel, blue whiting, octopus and crustaceans. The crustacean trawling fishery targets Norway lobster, red shrimp and deepwater rose shrimp.
The most important fish species landed in Portugal in 2004 were sardine, mackerel and horse mackerel, representing 37%, 9% and 8% of total landings by weight, and 13%, 1% and 8% of total value, respectively. Molluscs accounted for only 12% of total landings in weight, but 22% of total landings in value. Crustaceans were 0.6% of the total landings by weight and 5% by value.
Fishing in foreign waters has decreased considerably since 1998, after the end of the fisheries agreement with Morocco and the renegotiation of the agreement with Mauritania. A new fisheries agreement between EU and Morocco has been reached, and started in March 2006, after a 7-year interval. In 1999, 40 Portuguese vessels were fishing in Moroccan waters, making Morocco the second-largest foreign fisheries ground at that time. 
In 2004, 15% of the total landings were from international waters from 59 registered vessels, mainly from the northwest Atlantic, northeast Atlantic (Norway, Svalbard, Spain and Greenland since 2003) and the central Atlantic (Guinea-Bissau, Cape Verde, Senegal, Mauritania). In the northwest Atlantic, redfish was the most important species, with 50% of total catches, while in Spain it was sardine and horse mackerel, with 36%. Off Norway and Svalbard, cod ("bacalhau" in Portuguese) was the most important species, accounting for 82% of total catches, while from Greenland, redfish was the only species landed. "Bacalhau" is indeed one of the most popular fishes used in Portuguese cuisine, along with sardine and tuna.
The main landing sites in Portugal (including Azores and Madeira), according to total landings in weight by year, are the harbours of Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão and Madeira.
Management applied to main fisheries.
The main objective of the national fisheries policy, particularly since 2002, is to maintain the sustainability of the sector and reverse the negative tendency of recent years. To achieve this objective, several measures have been adopted to promote recovery and stabilization of the fishing industry. At the same time, fleet renewal and modernization has been promoted in order to reduce production costs and improve work safety. 
Structural modernization of the fishing industry, as well as the processing industry and the aquaculture sector, are also promoted within the present fisheries management plan. These objectives are in accordance with those established by the EU in the Common Fishery Policy. The present national management system includes the establishment of annual quotas for some species and fishing areas, the application of technical conservation measures, and limitation of fishing effort.
Input control.
Fishing effort is controlled by a licensing system, where acquisition, construction or modification of vessels requires prior authorization. The use of certain fishing methods is also subject to prior authorization and annual licensing. The objective is to allow the modernization of the fishing fleet without increased fishing effort, by authorizing the construction of new vessels only as replacement of others; improving working conditions; and promoting conservation measures by encourage the use of less predatory fishing gear.
Output controls.
There are species subject to quotas in national waters. Quotas can be allocated to individual vessels, as is the case for vessels operating in North Atlantic Fishery Organization (NAFO) and Norwegian fishing grounds; or to groups of vessels, as is the case for the purse seine fishery, where sardine catch limits are divided among Producer Organizations. Individual vessel quotas are also transferable within a shipowner’s fleet to facilitate flexible management and therefore maximum utilization of these quotas.
Inland fisheries.
In 2004, 63 t of fish were landed by inland fisheries, with a value of US$ 642 000. The main species landed were shad (Alosa sp.), lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) and eels, with 49%, 29% and 16% of total landings from this fishery, respectively. Regarding fisheries management, purse-seine nets, bottom trawl, gill nets (except when targeting lamprey) and gear that uses tidal movements are prohibited in inland waters. 
There are also limitations on fishing areas and gear characteristics (mesh and gear size, amongst others). Recreational fishing is common and popular in inland fresh water streams, lakes, reservoirs and rivers. Every recreational fishing enthusiast desiring to use those kind of national water resources for fishing, must to respect rules and be aware of several limitations. A yearly individual fee must be paid to the state for fishing in suitable inland or oceanic waters.
Aquaculture.
Until the mid-1980s, aquaculture production consisted of freshwater trout and bivalves bottom culture in tidal estuaries. However, marine aquaculture production showed an overall increase at the beginning of the 1990s, followed by a period of some fluctuation. Total production was 7 829 t in 2003, and consisted mainly of grooved carpet shell ("Ruditapes decussatus") (3 007 t), mussels (280 t), oyster (425 t), seabream (1 429 t) and seabass (1 384 t) from marine units; and trout (333 t) from freshwater units.
The objective of the national fisheries policy regarding aquaculture is to increase production and product diversity, but also to increase product quality, in order to improve the competitive position of the sector. Structural modernization of the aquaculture sector is also promoted within the present fisheries management plan. These objectives are in accordance with those established by the European Union in the Common Fisheries Policy, and in particular with the 2002 Strategy for the Sustainable Development of European Aquaculture, which promotes environmental, economic and social sustainability.
One of the main aquaculture projects of Portugal is the Pescanova's production centre in Mira, Centro region. The southern Portuguese region of the Algarve is also a major aquaculture centre.
Fish processing industry.
There are many canned fish processing plants across Portugal, producing under different trademarked brands which are mostly exported. The mainland's principal ports specialized in canning small pelagic fish, most of which sardine, are Matosinhos-Póvoa de Varzim area, Peniche, and Olhão. In the Azores, the canned tuna fish industry is predominant, and most of the production is almost exclusively exported. 
A diversification drive is being attempted with the development of black scabbardfish canning industry, a barely exploited resource on the islands. Major fish processing companies include Briosa, Cofaco, Cofisa, Conserveira do Sul, Conservas Ramirez (the World’s oldest canned fish producer still in operation), Fábrica de Conservas da Murtosa, Conservas Portugal Norte and the Portuguese branch of Pescanova. Portuguese processed fish products are exported through several companies under a number of different brands and registered trademarks like Ramirez, Bom Petisco, Briosa Gourmet, Combate, Comur, Conserveira, General, Inês, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Porthos, Tenório, Torreira, Vasco da Gama, etc.
Fish consumption.
Portugal, as an Atlantic country and an historical seafaring nation, has a long tradition in the sector of fishing. It is among the countries in the world with the highest fish consumption per capita.
Species like the sardine, Atlantic mackerel, tuna, and the European hake are important for the Portuguese commercial capture fisheries. Other, widely used species in Portuguese cuisine is the cod, known in Portugal as "bacalhau". Salt cod has been produced for at least 500 years, since the time of the European discoveries. Before refrigeration, there was a need to preserve the codfish; drying and salting are ancient techniques to keep many nutrients and the process makes the codfish tastier. 
The Portuguese tried to use this method of drying and salting several fishes from their waters, but the ideal fish came from much further north. With the "discovery" of Newfoundland in 1497, Portuguese fishermen started fishing its cod-rich Grand Banks. Thus, ' became a staple of the Portuguese cuisine, nicknamed ' (faithful friend). From the 18th century the town of Kristiansund in Norway became an important place of producing bacalao or klippfish, which is also exported to Portugal.
Education, training and research in Fishing.
In Portugal, there are several vocational and higher education institutions devoted to the teaching of fishing, fisheries, oceanography, marine biology and marine science in general. For example, the state-run polytechnic institute "Instituto Politécnico de Leiria" at Peniche, through its "Escola Superior de Turismo e Tecnologia do Mar de Peniche", has a school of marine technologies awarding bachelor's and masters' degrees in these subjects. 
There are also a number of universities awarding bachelor's, masters' and doctorate degrees in varied marine science subfields, as well as making research and development work. The marine biology and marine sciences degrees awarded by the Marine and Environmental Sciences Faculty of the University of the Algarve, are among the most prestigious in the country. The Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos (INRB) is the national research institute for agriculture and fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="19592718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592718" title="Charlie Appleby">
Charlie Appleby

Robert Charles (Charlie) Appleby (born 10 October 1913 in Saskatchewan, Canada - died 8 October 1946) is a former speedway rider. 
Appleby was a member of the Hackney Wick Wolves team that won the National League Division II Championship in 1938.
After the end of World War II Appleby returned to the UK and was signed by the Birmingham Brummies in 1946. He was enjoying a steady season but on 7 October he was involved in a crash at Newcastle. 
A rider had fallen in front of him and in an effort to avoid him, Appleby swerved and hit the machine instead. He was thrown high into the air from his bike and crashed heavily, landing on his head and he suffered a fractured skull. Doctors tried to save him at the hospital but Appleby died in the early hours of 8 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19592725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592725" title="MegaVision (cameras)">
MegaVision (cameras)

MegaVision is an American company that manufactures high-end digital photographic equipment. It was founded in 1983 to create a state-of-the-art image processing computer. MegaVision was one of the first companies to produce a digital camera back for Hasselblad, Mamiya, and Contax medium format cameras as well as large format systems.
Outside of US and Canada MegaVision products are officially distributed through Megavision International Pte Ltd.[http://megavision-international.com/]
Products.
Digital backs.
single shot.
E series.
With built-in oqo portable computer for portable image acquisition.
S series (discontinued).
Color information is obtained with a color filter array in front of the sensor 
Three-shot (discontinued).
Color information is obtained in three consecutive exposures through a red, green, and blue filter
Other companies with similar products.
Similar digital backs are manufactured / sold by Hasselblad, Leaf, Phase One, Sinar (Jenoptik Optical Systems), and formerly also Kodak.

</doc>
<doc id="19592729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592729" title="Libellula cyanea">
Libellula cyanea

The Spangled Skimmer ("Libellula cyanea") is a species of dragonfly in the "Libellula" genus, native to the United States of America.

</doc>
<doc id="19592735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592735" title="Visalia Mall">
Visalia Mall

The Visalia Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Visalia, California.
Description.
The Visalia Mall is anchored by Macy's and J. C. Penney.
History.
The Visalia Mall was the first enclosed shopping mall in California when it opened in 1964.
In September 1997, the mall finished its $30 million renovation. This added a 450 seat food court, an additional of space and a 3 story parking garage.
The mall was acquired in 1988 by Newman Brettin Properties. In 1997 it was purchased by JP Realty Inc. of Salt Lake City. The current owner is General Growth Properties.
References.
</div class="references-small">

</doc>
<doc id="19592736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592736" title="Petr Luxa">
Petr Luxa

Petr Luxa (born 3 March 1972) is a retired professional tennis player from Czech Republic. He mainly played doubles, winning 3 titles partnering fellow countryman Radek Štěpánek.

</doc>
<doc id="19592741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592741" title="Larcom Mountain">
Larcom Mountain

Larcom Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County, New Hampshire, USA. The top of the mountain, and its subpeak, Little Larcom Mountain, are part of the Lakes Region Conservation Trust.
The mountain is named after poet Lucy Larcom, who visited the area frequently while staying at the Bearcamp River House.

</doc>
<doc id="19592755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592755" title="MECON Limited">
MECON Limited

MECON Limited, formerly known as (Metallurgical & Engineering Consultants (India) Limited) is a Public Sector Undertaking under the Ministry of Steel of the Government of India. It began in 1959 as the Central Engineering and Designing Bureau (CEDB) of the Hindustan Steel Limited (HSL), the first public sector steel company.
Key areas of activities.
MECON Limited provides services in Power, Energy & Environment, Infrastructure, Oil & Gas, Metallurgy and other specialized
areas. MECON is the first engineering consultancy organization in India to be accredited with the ISO 9001 certification.MECON GLIMPSES:
Network of Offices.
MECON Limited is Head Quartered at Ranchi, Jharkhand, India. It's corporate offices are situated at New Delhi & Bengaluru. 
Apart from these, Regional & Site Offices are located all across the country. MECON Limited also has its establishment at Lagos, Nigeria.
Major Ongoing Projects.
MECON has been appointed as Consultants for SAIL's ongoing modernization & expansion projects.
MECON is also providing Engineering Consultancy & Project Management Consultancy Services (Construction)to National Mineral Development Corporation for its first 3 MTPA Iron & Steel Plant at Nagarnar, Chhatisgarh.
RINL-VIZAG Steel Plant has also entrusted MECON for Consultancy & Project Monitoring Services for its Coke Oven Battery No.5 Complex and other associated facilities under its 6.3 MTPA Expansion Program.
Mecon Tower.
Mecon Tower is a combined residential-commercial complex situated on Prince Anwar Shah Road, Kolkata, West Bengal, India. Mecon Tower has been a recognizable landmark for years.
Its owners are exclusively the employees and retired employees of MECON Limited. Recently in August 2008, MECON developed India's first confocal microscope. Since May 2008, MECON has also been consulting SAIL on its Vision 2020 which aims to enhance production from the existing 15 million ton per annum to 45 million ton in the next 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19592770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592770" title="Gira Del Adios World Tour">
Gira Del Adios World Tour

The Gira Del Adiós (and ""Turnê Do Adeus"" in Brazil),was a world tour by Mexican group RBD. The tour was set to visit South America, North America and Europe and it started on November 1. The tour ended in December.
About The Tour.
On August 14, 2008 the group RBD announced its latest tour, named Gira Del Adiós or Tour Del Adiós.
The tour itinerary included about 20 cities in countries such as Argentina,Venezuela, Ecuador, Paraguay and Chile, and Brazil.
In the month of November 2008 the group began the tour in the following cities: La Paz (Bolivia), Buenos Aires, Cordoba and Rosario (Argentina), Fortaleza, Porto Alegre, Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo and Brasília (Brazil).
In December, shows by RBD were presented in the cities of: Los Angeles (United States), then back to Brazil for two extra concerts in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro (Brazil), Guayaquil (Ecuador), Quito (Ecuador ), Lima (Peru), Santiago (Chile), Ljubljana (Slovenia), Belgrade (Serbia), Madrid (Spain).
Notes.
The Special: "O Adeus".
The special was broadcast by television network "Rede Record" (Brazil). The group officially disbanded on March 10, 2009 with the launch of its latest studio album of (Para Olvidarte De Mí), but with one last special, "O Adeus", the "Turnê Do Adeus" (Gira Del Adiós or Tour Del Adiós).

</doc>
<doc id="19592817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592817" title="Michael Vernace">
Michael Vernace

Michael Vernace (born May 26, 1986 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL). He has previously played in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Avalanche and the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Playing career.
Vernace grew up playing most of his minor hockey in the Greater Toronto Hockey League, finishing his minor career with the 2001-02 Mississauga Reps Bantams. After that season, Vernace was a 9th round choice (163rd overall) in the 2001 OHL Priority Selection by the Brampton Battalion.
The following season, Vernace was assigned by the Battalion to the OHA Jr.A. Bramalea Blues.
Vernace was drafted 201st overall by the San Jose Sharks in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft from the Brampton Battalion of the Ontario Hockey League. He attended Chaminade College School for his high school education. 
On June 1, 2006, Vernace was traded by the Sharks to the Colorado Avalanche for a 6th round drafts pick and was signed to an entry level contract. Vernace made his professional debut with the Arizona Sundogs of the CHL before joining the Avalanche's affiliate the Albany River Rats of the AHL in the 2006–07 season. 
Vernace joined new Avalanche affiliate, the Lake Erie Monsters, for their inaugural season in the 2007–08 season, leading the Monsters in games played with 79. After spending the majority of the 2008–09 season with the Monsters, Vernace received his first NHL call-up on March 16, 2009. He made his NHL debut with the Avalanche in a 3-2 shootout loss to the Minnesota Wild on March 17, 2009.
After not being offered a contract with the Avalanche, Vernace a free agent, signed a one-year deal with the Atlanta Thrashers on July 30, 2009. On September 26, 2009, Vernace was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Chicago Wolves, for the beginning of the 2009–10 season. After 47 games with the Wolves, Vernace was then re-assigned to the Hamilton Bulldogs on March 10, 2010. He recorded 4 assists in 18 post season games to help the Bulldogs reach the Western Conference finals.
On June 23, 2010, Vernace was traded by the Thrashers, along with Brett Sterling and a 7th round selection in 2010 NHL Entry Draft, back to the Sharks for future considerations in order to help the Thrashers facilitate an earlier trade of Dustin Byfuglien from the Chicago Blackhawks.
Unable to come to terms with San Jose, Vernace signed as a free agent with the Tampa Bay Lightning on July 29, 2010, to a one year, two-way contract.
In the 2011–12 season, on December 2, 2011, Vernace was traded by the Lightning, along with James Wright, to the Florida Panthers for Mike Kostka and Evan Oberg. Assigned to AHL affiliate, the San Antonio Rampage, his tenure was short lived when on February 25, 2012, Vernace was traded by the Panthers to the New York Rangers, along with a third round pick in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft, for Wojtek Wolski, Vernace's former teammate from the Brampton Battalion. 
After two seasons within the Rangers organization, Vernace left as a free agent to sign his first European contract in Germany on a one-year deal with Adler Mannheim of the DEL on August 8, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19592830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592830" title="Afterschool Caucuses">
Afterschool Caucuses

The Afterschool Caucuses in the United States Senate and House of Representatives were established in order to build support for afterschool programs and increase resources for afterschool care. Senators Christopher Dodd (D-CT) and John Ensign (R-NV) and Representatives Nita Lowey (D-NY) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) serve as co-chairs of the bipartisan Caucuses.
History.
The House and Senate Afterschool Caucuses were founded on March 3, 2005. In addition to the co-chairs, the founding members of Senate and House Afterschool Caucuses are Senators Barbara Boxer (D-CA) and Susan Collins (R-ME) and Representative Dale Kildee (D-MI). Today, these Caucuses serve as a voice on the issue of strengthening and increasing the availability of afterschool programs. Ninety Representatives are members of the House Afterschool Caucus and thirty-eight Senators are members of the Senate Afterschool Caucus.
Purpose.
The Caucuses were formed in response to the finding that 14.3 million children go home alone after the school day ends, including more than 40,000 kindergartners and almost four million middle school students in grades six to eight. The Caucuses act to promote the availability of afterschool programs, with a special emphasis on the 21st Century Community Learning Center (CCLC) program, for every American school-age child by increasing public awareness of such programs and supporting increased federal resources. In each chamber, the Caucuses have conducted a variety of activities supporting the goal of quality, affordable programs for all children. This has included organizing congressional briefings on specific topics such as the role of the STEM fields in afterschool (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) education; disseminating letters in support of increased resources for afterschool to the President as well as congressional colleagues; sharing new research on effective programs; and organizing press events around the Afterschool Challenge with celebrity supporters.
The Afterschool Caucuses seek to educate the public on the role that afterschool programs play in the lives of families, and promote the expansion of federal, state, and local support in order to make access to these programs a reality for all interested children and families.
Membership.
The Afterschool Caucuses are nonpartisan. As of fall, 2008 there were a total of 90 members in the House Afterschool Caucus with 74 Democrats and 16 Republicans, and 38 members of the Senate Afterschool Caucus with 8 Republicans, 2 Independents and 28 Democrats.

</doc>
<doc id="19592859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592859" title="William Pickles Hartley">
William Pickles Hartley

Sir William Pickles Hartley (23 February 1846 – 25 October 1922), jam manufacturer and philanthropist, founded the Hartley's jam company. He was born in Colne, Lancashire and attended a local British and Foreign School Society school. 
Biography.
He was the only surviving child of John Hartley, a whitesmith, and his wife, Margaret Pickles. The family had lived near Pendle since c. 1620 and worked as grocers, building Wycoller Hall towards the end of the 16th century. He married Martha Horsfield.
The business started in 1871 as the result of a chance event. It is said that when a supplier failed to deliver a batch of jam, William made his own. His jam, marmalade and jelly sold well in his own distinctive earthenware pots and in 1874 the business transferred to Bootle. In 1880 Hartley moved to Southport, where he became as an influential local benefactor and entrepreneur, and an active member of the local Methodist Church. One of his daughters, Christiana (b. 1872), became Southport's first woman Mayor in 1921. Other children included Maggy, Polly, Sarah, John and Clara. Cephas Hartley was instrumental in reviving Elmfield College when it was in danger of collapse in 1906.
Philanthropy.
Hartley was a Primitive Methodist and applied his Christian principles to business. In 1888 he built a model village at Aintree; the following year he introduced a profit-sharing scheme, the results each year being announced at a special ceremony, with music and speeches. He claimed that the wages he paid to women and girls — four-fifths of the workforce — were appreciably higher than those of his competitors; he also provided free medical treatment. He personally chose his managers and trained them, sending them on advanced chemistry courses at his own expense nearly £300,000. He preferred to donate part of any sum requested, so as to encourage others to give. He endowed a number of hospitals in Colne, Liverpool, and London, and financed departments at Liverpool and Manchester universities. Equally generous to Primitive Methodism, he supported an organization for building chapels, acted as treasurer of its missionary society, and converted the old Holborn Town Hall into its national headquarters. 
In 1896 the Primitive Methodists created the Hartley lectures in recognition of W. P. Hartley's work, the inaugural lectures were given in 1897.
The Hartley Lectures.
In 1932 with the amalgamation of the Methodist Churches, the Primitive Methodist Hartley Lecture was combined with the Wesleyan Methodist Fernley Lecture to form the modern day Fernley-Hartley Lectures, which still continue today.
In 1906 the Manchester theological college for training Primitive Methodist ministers was renamed Hartley College, Manchester (later Hartley Victoria College), in recognition of his benefactions. He propagated his ideas in his only published work, The Use of Wealth (n.d.). Uniquely for a layman, he was elected president of the Primitive Methodist conference in 1909. His relative Cephas Hartley was instrumental in reviving Elmfield, the Primitive Methodist college in 1906 (see picture in Booth 1990: 52C).
Family.
An excerpt from "The Life of Sir William Hartley" by A. S. Peake reads as follows:
"... Robert Hartley, Sir William's uncle, was a man of very handsome presence and exceptionally fine character. He became a Primitive Methodist minister at an early age, and after spending a quarter of a century in England, went to Australia and laboured for thirty-two years in Queesland. One feature of his many-sided activity was his kindness to the emigrants from England whom he met at the landing-stage. His home was at Rockhampton on the coast; but he covered a wide field, reaching from Brisbane nearly to the Gulf of Carpentaria. He was apparently too much occupied to send hom reports of his work; so Dr Samuel Antliff, when he was sent to visit Australia, was instructed to make investigations. He found him the leading man in Rockhampton. His fellow-citizens celebrated his ministerial Jubilee and presented him with a purse of gold; and after his death dedicated a public fountain to his memory. A Hartley Memorial Chapel also commemorates his work. A letter from Dr McLaren may fitly be quoted at this point. It was written on 23 July 1892. "Mr Hartley was in Southampton during several years of my pastorate there, when I learned to esteem him very highly for his earnestness, warmth of heart, bright temperament, diligence and self-forgetfulness. I had the pleasure of a visit from him when he was in England some years since, and have always cherished warm feelings of friendship for him. I share with your denomination the sense of loss by his death, and should be glad if you would tell Mr Hartley of Aintree how truly I esteemed and honoured his uncle."
Rev Robert Hartley and family came to Australia on board the ship "Echo". It departed from London and arrived in Sydney on 22 June 1860. The family members that came with him were: Mrs Jane Hartley, Miss AC Hartley, Master WJ Hartley, Master RT Hartley, Master SW Hartley and Miss Jane E Hartley. "Echo" details: Of Glasgow, Captain James Price, Master, Burthen 1189 Tons. [http://mariners.records.nsw.gov.au/1860/06/041ech.htm]
Sir William Pickles Hartley's Family Tree

</doc>
<doc id="19592864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592864" title="John Hutton, Baron Hutton of Furness">
John Hutton, Baron Hutton of Furness

John Matthew Patrick Hutton, Baron Hutton of Furness (born 6 May 1955) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Barrow and Furness in Cumbria from 1992 to 2010, and has served in a number of Cabinet offices, including Defence Secretary and Business Secretary. He is now the Chairman of the Royal United Services Institute.
Early life.
Hutton was born 6 May 1955, in London, though his family moved to Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex when he was 8. He was educated at Westcliff High School for Boys and Magdalen College, Oxford, where he joined the Conservative, Liberal and Labour Associations and gained a BA in 1976 and a BCL 1978. For two years he was a legal adviser to the CBI. From 1980–81, he was a research associate for Templeton College, Oxford. He went on to become a senior law lecturer at the Newcastle Polytechnic from 1981–92 before turning back to politics.
Parliamentary career.
Hutton first stood for election in the Penrith and the Borders seat in 1987. Two years later, he also failed to be elected as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Cumbria and North Lancashire region. His election to the Barrow and Furness seat in the 1992 general election saw him replace Cecil Franks as MP with a majority of 3,578. His majority increased to 14,497 in the Labour landslide of the 1997 Election.
After being a part of the Department of Health from 1998, he was made a member of the Privy Council in 2001. In the reshuffle following the 2005 general election (in which his majority fell to just over 6,000), he was made Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and Minister for the Cabinet Office, replacing his close friend and former flatmate, Alan Milburn.
His position in this role was short lived, however. Following the second resignation of David Blunkett, Hutton was appointed as his replacement in the role of Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on 2 November 2005. Hutton was seen as one of Tony Blair's closest supporters but survived in cabinet following Blair's resignation in June 2007 and was moved by new Prime Minister Gordon Brown to be Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform, which incorporated the bulk of portfolios from the now dissolved Department of Trade and Industry, including Energy security issues which many had expected to be ceded to DEFRA.
In September 2006, while discussing the forthcoming Labour Party leadership election, Hutton gave an anonymous quote to BBC journalist Nick Robinson that Gordon Brown would be a "fucking disaster" as prime minister.
He was moved into the role of Secretary of State for Defence in the cabinet reshuffle on 3 October 2008. On 5 June 2009, Hutton resigned his Cabinet position and announced his intention to stand down as an MP at the next general election.
Hutton gave evidence to the Iraq Inquiry about his role as Defence Secretary on 25 January 2010, the same day as his predecessor, Des Browne.
House of Lords.
On 27 June 2010, he was created a life peer as Baron Hutton of Furness, of Aldingham in the County of Cumbria, and was introduced in the House of Lords on 1 July 2010, where he sits on the Labour benches.
Later career.
In June 2010, it was announced that Hutton had joined the board of U.S. nuclear power company Hyperion Power Generation. The Advisory Committee on Business Appointments stipulated that he should not lobby his former department for 12 months.
It was also announced in June 2010, that the Conservative – Lib Dem coalition had asked him to head a commission into public sector pensions. His initial report was published in October 2010. The final report was published in March 2011. On 19 June 2011, Hutton rejected claims by trade unionists and Labour colleagues that he had been used as a 'stooge' by the government and dismissed speculation regarding his motives for accepting the coalition's invitation.
Personal life.
John Hutton married Rosemary Caroline Little in 1978 in Oxford. They had three sons and a daughter, before divorcing in 1993. He married civil servant Heather Rogers in 2004.
Publications.
In 2008 John Hutton's first book was published, a non-fiction book with the title "Kitchener's Men - The King's Own Royal Lancasters on the Western Front 1915-18". In it, Hutton gives a "graphic insight into the daily routine and grim reality of warfare on the Western Front for men who were mostly recruited from the Furness area of the North-West

</doc>
<doc id="19592873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592873" title="Binghampton, Illinois">
Binghampton, Illinois

Binghampton, Illinois is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19592877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592877" title="Dragan Đokanović">
Dragan Đokanović

Dragan Đokanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Ђокановић) is a Serb politician (Democratic Party of Federalists) from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Biography.
Born on 20 April 1958, Đokanović completed all of his formal schooling in Sarajevo, including university and medical school. He received his medical degree in 1984 from Sarajevo University. He is a pediatrician by medical specialty and training. Doktor Đokanović worked in Zvornik, Šekovići, Belgrade and Sarajevo. He currently resides in East Sarajevo and works at a children's medical clinic (KCUS) in Sarajevo.
He is married and has two sons.
Political career.
From 1990 Dr Dragan Đokanović was involved in politics in Bosnia and Herzegovina. He was engaged in the following activities during the following periods:
In March 2005 and in November 2009 he was the witness in front of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. From Juli 1992 to January 1993 Đokanović acted as an adviser to the War Presidency of the Serbian Republic. He advised the Presidency in relation to the establishment of Republika Srpska and relationship between the organs of the Republic from the Republic level to the Municipal level.
established official contacts with the SPS party Slobodan Milošević. In February 1994 there was a meeting in Skelani with representatives of his party and the representatives the SPS and it was agreed that we would participate in activities to stop the war in Bosni and Herzegovina.
was candidate for President of Republic Srpska. and he received 849 votes (0.21%).

</doc>
<doc id="19592906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592906" title="John Hutton">
John Hutton

John Hutton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19592923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592923" title="Diamino acid">
Diamino acid

In chemistry, a diamino acid, also called a diamino carboxylic acid, is a molecule containing at least one carboxyl and two amine functional groups. Diamino acids belong to the class of amino acids.
Biochemical function.
Asparagine, glutamine and lysine are proteinaceous diamino acids which are components of proteins. These three diamino acids are coded by codons of the genetic material and belong therefore to the cationic amino acids.
Ornithine and 2,6-diaminopimelic acid are non-proteinaceous diamino acids.
In biochemistry, diamino acids are of particular interest. Diamino acids are used for the synthesis of specific peptide nucleic acids, such as daPNA. Artificial peptide nucleic acids are capable of forming duplex structures with individual DNA- and RNA-strands and are, therefore, not only called DNA-analog, but also they are considered as candidates for the first genetic material on Earth. The corresponding diamino acids such as 2,3-diaminopropanoic acid were detected in the Murchison meteorite and in a simulated comet.

</doc>
<doc id="19592946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592946" title="Grandes éxitos (Jarabe de Palo album)">
Grandes éxitos (Jarabe de Palo album)

Grandes éxitos is a greatest hits compilation (and fourth album in general) by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo, released in January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19592948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592948" title="Hum Dono (1985 film)">
Hum Dono (1985 film)

Hum Dono is a 1985 Hindi film, starring Rajesh Khanna, Hema Malini and Reena Roy and is directed by B.S. Glaad. The music is by R D Burman, and the songs are sung by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhonsle.The box office collections were Rs.4,50,00,000 in 1985. The film was a remake of Telugu film "Sommokadidi Sokokadidi".
Plot.
Raja (Khanna) discovers that his face is similar to that of Dr. Shekhar, one of the top earning doctors of Bombay. He somehow manages to take his place, but discovers that even Dr. Shekhar has problems of his own.

</doc>
<doc id="19592950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592950" title="Eldena, Illinois">
Eldena, Illinois

Eldena, Illinois is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Illinois. The zip code is 61324
History.
It was on July 10, 1863 that the “Town of Eldena” was platted on land of the Illinois Central Railroad. The earliest permanent settler in the township was Joseph Cartwright who settled there in 1838 and died the following year. Eldena is named for the wife of the founder.
The first train to operate through Eldena was on January 13, 1855. A large timber about 2½ ft. square and 8 ft. long was used for passengers to get on and off the train before the depot and platform was built. The first store and house in Eldena were built by Reuben H. Cheney.

</doc>
<doc id="19592958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592958" title="Guachochi">
Guachochi

Guachochi is a city in the south-western portion of the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name.
In the 2005 INEGI census, the city reported a total population of 12,385. 
History.
The settlement was originally founded by Jesuit missionaries in the mid-18th century. 
In 1952, Guachochi (then only a small village) was chosen as the location of one of the first two Indigenist Centres of the National Indigenist Institute (INI). It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarahumara.
The region of Guachochi is rich in history, and old jesuits missions are kept in several of their communities from the colony. Guachochi was established in the middle of century XVIII as part of a mission, which name is Guachochi, even though, there are no findings of the old temple. Tónachi, Yoquivo, the temple of our lady of Loreto of Yoquivo, the temple of our lady of Pilar de Norogachi, in Norogachi are places where old jesuits buildings are still conserved. 
Media.
Guachochi is home to XETAR-AM, a government-run community radio station that broadcasts to the local area in Spanish, Tarahumara and Tepehuano.

</doc>
<doc id="19592961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592961" title="Arctostaphylos stanfordiana">
Arctostaphylos stanfordiana

Arctostaphylos stanfordiana, with the common name Stanford's manzanita, is a species of manzanita that is endemic to northern California. It is known from the outer North Coast Ranges north of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Description.
"Arctostaphylos stanfordiana" is a bushy shrub growing in height. Leaves are oblong to widely lance-shaped, shiny green, and up to 5 centimeters long. 
The inflorescence is a loose cluster of urn-shaped manzanita flowers which are pink, with some so pale that they are nearly white. The fruit is an oblong drupe about 7 millimeters wide.
There are three subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="19592966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592966" title="2001 MTV Europe Music Awards">
2001 MTV Europe Music Awards

The 2001 MTV Europe Music Awards were held in The Festhalle, Frankfurt. The ceremony attracted the largest television audience for the awards until the MTV Europe Music Awards 2007 and was one of the first entertainment broadcasts following the September 11th attacks in New York.
Performances included Depeche Mode with "Never Let Me Down Again", Rammstein with "Ich Will" and Kylie Minogue with "Can't Get You Out Of My Head". Jay-Z performed his track "Girls, Girls, Girls" and Craig David took to the stage with a version of "Walking Away" that sampled U2's "One".
The presenter line up included actress Christina Ricci, girl group Atomic Kitten, Nelly Furtado, Sugababes and Claudia Schiffer.
Nominations.
Winners are in bold text.
Regional nominations.
Winners are in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="19592971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592971" title="314th Air Refueling Squadron">
314th Air Refueling Squadron

The 314th Air Refueling Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the 940th Air Refueling Wing, based at Beale Air Force Base, California. It was inactivated on 30 April 2008.
Mission.
It operated the KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
Activated in late 1943 as a C-47 Skytrain troop carrier squadron, trained under I Troop Carrier Command in the United States. Was not deployed until the spring of 1945 to England, being assigned to the IX Troop Carrier Command, Ninth Air Force. Was not used in combat operations, however did transport supplies and equipment to the front-line ground forces primarily into Germany and evacuated casualties to rear areas. Returned to the United States in September 1945 and was a transport squadron for Continental Air Forces until its inactivation in September 1946. 
It trained in the Reserve for troop carrier missions from, 1949–1951, for fighter-bomber missions from, 1952–1957, and resumed its current role as an airlift squadron in 1957 until 1976. 
The squadron has performed air refueling missions worldwide since 1977 and maintained an alert responsibility for Strategic Air Command until the command's inactivation in September 1991. It deployed aircraft and personnel to Saudi Arabia and European locations in support of the Gulf War and later contingency operations in Somalia and the Balkans.

</doc>
<doc id="19592986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19592986" title="Kingdom, Illinois">
Kingdom, Illinois

Kingdom, Illinois is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19593000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593000" title="Leggo">
Leggo

Leggo is an Italian newspaper and was the first free daily newspaper published in Italy by Caltagirone Editore (owned by Francesco Gaetano Caltagirone) in 2001.
It publishes 15 local editions for the cities of Rome, Milan, Turin, Naples, Bologna, Florence, Padua, Venice, Verona, Bari, Genoa, Como, Bergamo, Brescia and Varese, with a total circulation of 1,050,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="19593015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593015" title="Jean Foyer">
Jean Foyer

Jean Foyer (21 April 1921, Contigné, Maine-et-Loire – 3 October 2008, Paris) was a French politician and minister. He studied law and became a law professor at the university. He wrote several books about French Civil law.
Political career.
Between 1962 and 1967, he was Minister of Justice, during this time he directed several important legal reforms on several subject (family, ownership and business, nationality, etc...).
Between 1972 and 1973, he was Minister of Health.
Between 1959 and 1968, he was a member of the Union for the New Republic, then between 1968 and 1978 he was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic and finally from 1978 until 1988 he was a member of the Rally for the Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19593040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593040" title="Celsius">
Celsius

Celsius, also known as centigrade, is a scale and unit of measurement for temperature. It is named after the Swedish astronomer Anders Celsius (1701–1744), who developed a similar temperature scale. The degree Celsius (°C) can refer to a specific temperature on the Celsius scale as well as a unit to indicate a temperature interval, a difference between two temperatures or an uncertainty. The unit was known until 1948 as "centigrade" from the Latin "centum" translated as 100 and "gradus" translated as "steps".
From 1743 until 1954, 0 °C was defined as the freezing point of water and 100 °C was defined as the boiling point of water, both at a pressure of one standard atmosphere with mercury being the working material. Although these defining correlations are commonly taught in schools today, by international agreement the unit "degree Celsius" and the Celsius scale are currently defined by two different temperatures: absolute zero, and the triple point of VSMOW (specially purified water). This definition also precisely relates the Celsius scale to the Kelvin scale, which defines the SI base unit of thermodynamic temperature with symbol K. Absolute zero, the lowest temperature possible at which matter reaches minimum entropy, is defined as being precisely 0 K and −273.15 °C. The temperature of the triple point of water is defined as precisely 273.16 K and 0.01 °C.
This definition fixes the magnitude of both the degree Celsius and the kelvin as precisely 1 part in 273.16 (approximately 0.00366) of the difference between absolute zero and the triple point of water. Thus, it sets the magnitude of one degree Celsius and that of one kelvin as exactly the same. Additionally, it establishes the difference between the two scales' null points as being precisely 273.15 degrees Celsius ( and ).
History.
In 1742, Swedish astronomer Anders Celsius (1701–1744) created a temperature scale which was "the reverse" of the scale now known by the name "Celsius": "0" represented the
boiling point of water,
while "100" represented the freezing point of water. In his paper "Observations of two persistent degrees on a thermometer", he recounted his experiments showing that the melting point of ice is essentially unaffected by pressure. He also determined with remarkable precision how the boiling point of water varied as a function of atmospheric pressure. He proposed that the zero point of his temperature scale, being the boiling point, would be calibrated at the mean barometric pressure at mean sea level. This pressure is known as one standard atmosphere. The BIPM's 10th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) later defined one standard atmosphere to equal precisely per square centimetre (101.325 kPa).
In 1743, the Lyonnais physicist Jean-Pierre Christin, permanent secretary of the "Académie des sciences, belles-lettres et arts de Lyon"FR, working independently of Celsius, developed a scale where zero represented the freezing point of water and 100 represented the boiling point of water. On 19 May 1743 he published the design of a mercury thermometer, the "Thermometer of Lyon" built by the craftsman Pierre Casati that used this scale.
In 1744, coincident with the death of Anders Celsius, the Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus (1707–1778) reversed Celsius's scale. His custom-made "linnaeus-thermometer", for use in his greenhouses, was made by Daniel Ekström, Sweden's leading maker of scientific instruments at the time and whose workshop was located in the basement of the Stockholm observatory. As often happened in this age before modern communications, numerous physicists, scientists, and instrument makers are credited with having independently developed this same scale; among them were Pehr Elvius, the secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (which had an instrument workshop) and with whom Linnaeus had been corresponding; Daniel Ekström], the instrument maker; and Mårten Strömer (1707–1770) who had studied astronomy under Anders Celsius.
The first known Swedish document reporting temperatures in this modern "forward" Celsius scale is the paper "Hortus Upsaliensis" dated 16 December 1745 that Linnaeus wrote to a student of his, Samuel Nauclér. In it, Linnaeus recounted the temperatures inside the orangery at the Botanical Garden of Uppsala University:
Centigrade and Celsius.
Since the 19th century, the scientific and thermometry communities worldwide referred to this scale as the centigrade scale. Temperatures on the centigrade scale were often reported simply as "degrees" or, when greater specificity was desired, as "degrees centigrade". The symbol for temperature values on this scale is °C.
Because the term "centigrade" was also the Spanish and French language name for a unit of angular measurement (1/10,000 of a right angle) and had a similar connotation in other languages, the term "centesimal degree" was used when very precise, unambiguous language was required by international standards bodies such as the BIPM. The 9th CGPM and the CIPM (Comité international des poids et mesures) formally adopted "degree Celsius" (symbol: °C) in 1948.
It was not until February 1985 that the forecasts issued by the BBC switched from "centigrade" to "Celsius".
For scientific use, "Celsius" is the term usually used, with "centigrade" otherwise continuing to be in common but decreasing use, especially in informal contexts in English-speaking countries (the French "grade" is known as the gradian, grad, or gon in English).
Common temperatures.
Some key temperatures relating the Celsius scale to other temperature scales are shown in the table below.
Name and symbol typesetting.
The "degree Celsius" has been the only SI unit whose full unit name contains an uppercase letter since the SI base unit for temperature, the kelvin, became the proper name in 1967 replacing the term "degree Kelvin". The plural form is "degrees Celsius".
The general rule of the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) is that the numerical value always precedes the unit, and a space is always used to separate the unit from the number, (not "" or ""). Thus the value of the quantity is the product of the number and the unit, the space being regarded as a multiplication sign (just as a space between units implies multiplication). The only exceptions to this rule are for the unit symbols for degree, minute, and second for plane angle (°, ′, and ″, respectively), for which no space is left between the numerical value and the unit symbol. Other languages, and various publishing houses, may follow different typographical rules.
Unicode character.
Unicode provides a compatibility character for the degree Celsius at U+2103 (decimal 8451), for compatibility with CJK encodings that provide such a character (as such, in most fonts the width is the same as for fullwidth characters). Its appearance is similar to the one synthesized by individually typing its two components (°) and (C). Shown below is the degree Celsius character followed immediately by the two-component version:
When viewed on computers that properly support Unicode, the above line may be similar to the image in the line below (enlarged for clarity):
The canonical decomposition is simply an ordinary degree sign and "C", so some browsers may simply display "°C" in its place due to Unicode normalization.
Temperatures and intervals.
The degree Celsius is a special name for the kelvin for use in expressing Celsius temperatures. The degree Celsius is also subject to the same rules as the kelvin with regard to the use of its unit name and symbol. Thus, besides expressing specific temperatures along its scale (e.g. "Gallium melts at 29.7646 °C" and "The temperature outside is 23 degrees Celsius"), the degree Celsius is also suitable for expressing temperature "intervals": differences between temperatures or their uncertainties (e.g. "The output of the heat exchanger is hotter by 40 degrees Celsius", and "Our standard uncertainty is ±3 °C"). Because of this dual usage, one must not rely upon the unit name or its symbol to denote that a quantity is a temperature interval; it must be unambiguous through context or explicit statement that the quantity is an interval. This is sometimes solved by using the symbol °C (pronounced "degrees Celsius") for a temperature, and C° (pronounced "Celsius degrees") for a temperature interval, although this usage is non-standard.
What is often confusing about the Celsius measurement is that it follows an interval system but not a ratio system; that it follows a relative scale not an absolute scale. This is put simply by illustrating that while 10 °C and 20 °C have the same interval difference as 20 °C and 30 °C the temperature 20 °C is not twice the air heat energy as 10 °C. As this example shows, degrees Celsius is a useful interval measurement but does not possess the characteristics of ratio measures like weight or distance.
Coexistence of Kelvin and Celsius scales.
In science and in engineering, the Celsius scale and the Kelvin scale are often used in combination in close contexts, e.g. "...a measured value was 0.01023 °C with an uncertainty of 70 µK...". This practice is permissible because the magnitude of the degree Celsius is equal to that of the kelvin.
Notwithstanding the official endorsement provided by decision #3 of Resolution 3 of the 13th CGPM, which stated ""a temperature interval may also be expressed in degrees Celsius"", the practice of simultaneously using both °C and K remains widespread throughout the scientific world as the use of SI prefixed forms of the degree Celsius (such as "µ°C" or "microdegrees Celsius") to express a temperature interval has not been well-adopted.
Melting and boiling points of water.
One effect of defining the Celsius scale at the triple point of Vienna Standard Mean Ocean Water (VSMOW, 273.16 K and 0.01 °C), and at absolute zero (0 K and −273.15 °C), is that neither the melting nor boiling point of water under one standard atmosphere (101.325 kPa) remains a defining point for the Celsius scale. In 1948 when the 9th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) in Resolution 3 first considered using the triple point of water as a defining point, the triple point was so close to being 0.01 °C greater than water's known melting point, it was simply defined as precisely 0.01 °C. However, current measurements show that the difference between the triple and melting points of VSMOW is actually very slightly (<0.001 °C) greater than 0.01 °C. Thus, the actual melting point of ice is very slightly (less than a thousandth of a degree) below 0 °C. Also, defining water's triple point at 273.16 K precisely defined the magnitude of each 1 °C increment in terms of the absolute thermodynamic temperature scale (referencing absolute zero). Now decoupled from the actual boiling point of water, the value "100 °C" is hotter than 0 °C – in absolute terms – by a factor of "precisely" formula_1 (approximately 36.61% thermodynamically hotter). When adhering "strictly" to the two-point definition for calibration, the boiling point of VSMOW under one standard atmosphere of pressure is actually 373.1339 K (99.9839 °C). When calibrated to ITS-90 (a calibration standard comprising many definition points and commonly used for high-precision instrumentation), the boiling point of VSMOW is slightly less, about 99.974 °C.
This boiling-point difference of 16.1 millikelvin between the Celsius scale's original definition and the current one (based on absolute zero and the triple point) has little practical meaning in common daily applications because water's boiling point is very sensitive to variations in barometric pressure. For example, an altitude change of only 28 cm (11 in) causes the boiling point to change by one millikelvin.
Worldwide adoption.
Throughout the world, except in the United States, Belize, Palau and the United States territories of American Samoa and the US Virgin Islands (except Puerto Rico and Guam, with the former predominantely using Celsius and the latter equally using Celsius and Farenheit), the Celsius temperature scale is used for practically all purposes. The only exceptions are some specialist fields (e.g. low-temperature physics, astrophysics, light temperature in photography) where the closely related Kelvin scale dominates instead.
Most of the entire scientific field and many engineering fields use the Celsius scale, and the metric system in general. However, most Americans remain more accustomed to the Fahrenheit scale, which is the scale that US broadcasters and journalists use in weather forecasting, although the equivalent in Celsius is occasionally provided alongside. Fahrenheit is also commonly used in the US for measurement of body temperature, and household use such as cooking, and is the scale commonly seen on ovens and in recipes. In Canada, kitchen devices, literature, and packaging include both Fahrenheit and Celsius quotations.
The United Kingdom has gradually increased use of the Celsius scale since the 1970s and it is now the predominant temperature scale used. Some broadcasters and publications quote Fahrenheit air temperatures alongside Celsius in weather forecasts while others use Celsius only; likewise some retailers sell air-temperature thermometers that show both scales, but most now display Celsius only, and Fahrenheit-only displays are extremely uncommon.

</doc>
<doc id="19593069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593069" title="Vernon Rosario">
Vernon Rosario

Vernon A. Rosario II (born 1962) is an American psychiatrist and medical historian who studies human sexuality. His recent work has focused on transgender and intersex youth, and he has served as chair of the medical advisory board for Intersex Society of North America.
Life and career.
Rosario earned undergraduate degrees in French literature and biomedical engineering from Brown University in 1986. He received his Ph.D. in the History of Science from Harvard University in 1993, and his M.D. from the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology in 1995. Rosario completed a residency and fellowship with the Neuropsychiatric Institute (NPI) at University of California, Los Angeles in 2002. Since then he has been in private practice and been a psychiatric consultant at Gay and Lesbian Adolescent Social Services in Los Angeles. He has held a UCLA clinical teaching position since 2003, and is currently an Associate Clinical Professor in the Department of Psychiatry.
Rosario has published in English, French, and Spanish, and his books include "Science and Homosexualities" and "The Erotic Imagination: French Histories of Perversity." He has been a longtime activist in eliminating homophobia, and he has criticized author J. Michael Bailey’s stereotypic depiction of gay men in "The Man Who Would Be Queen". As a child and adolescent psychiatrist, one major focus has been helping young LGBT people come out to their families. Rosario has also expressed concern for excessive specialization in psychiatry, focusing on neuroscience while ignoring other factors.
As chair of the LGBT Committee of the Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry, he edited and published a web-based course on LGBT mental health.

</doc>
<doc id="19593073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593073" title="European route E403">
European route E403

The European route E 403 is a European route connecting the Belgian towns of Zeebrugge and Tournai. This north-south route runs entirely on Belgian territory and falls together with the Belgian roads N31 and A17. 
European route E 403 passes through the following towns and cities:
Zeebrugge - Bruges - Torhout - Roeselare - Kortrijk - Tournai
Near Bruges there's a connection with the E 40 and near Kortrijk with the E 17.

</doc>
<doc id="19593074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593074" title="Redd Boggs">
Redd Boggs

Dean Walter "Redd" Boggs (1921–1996) was a science fiction fanzine writer, editor and publisher from Los Angeles, California
Beginning with his editing of the 1948 "Fantasy Annual", and through his fanzines such as "Sky Hook", he raising the standards for fan writing and fanzine production. "Sky Hook" published both fannish and critical material, including early criticism by James Blish. His fanzine "Discord" was nominated for the Best Fanzine Hugo in 1961. His personal fanzine "Spirochete" for the Fantasy Amateur Press Association lasted for 76 issues. Boggs was nominated for the Retro Hugo for Best Fan Writer, and "Sky Hook" was nominated for Best Fanzine. Boggs was also a member of First Fandom.

</doc>
<doc id="19593081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593081" title="Lost Nation, Illinois">
Lost Nation, Illinois

Lost Nation, Illinois is an unincorporated census-designated place in Ogle County, Illinois, United States, located south of the city of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, its population was 708. Lost Nation has an area of ; of this is land, and is water.
Attractions.
Lost Nation has a popular golf course, called "Lost Nation Golf Course" that has 18 holes, watered fairways, and a pro shop as well as a cocktail lounge.

</doc>
<doc id="19593083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593083" title="Albin Chalandon">
Albin Chalandon

Albin Chalandon (born 11 June 1920 in Reyrieux, Ain) is a French politician and a former minister.
Between 1968 and 1972, he was Minister of Public Works. And from 1986 until 1988, he was Minister of Justice.
Between 1967 and 1968, he was a member of the Union pour la nouvelle République, then between 1968 and 1976 he was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic and finally from 1986 until 1988 he was a member of the Rally for the Republic. In 1987, he was Minister of Justice.
He encouraged Rachida Dati to become a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="19593092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593092" title="Marcy">
Marcy

Marcy or Marcie may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19593121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593121" title="Kelvin">
Kelvin

The kelvin is a unit of measurement for temperature. It is one of the seven base units in the International System of Units (SI) and is assigned the unit symbol K. The Kelvin scale is an absolute, thermodynamic temperature scale using as its null point absolute zero, the temperature at which all thermal motion ceases in the classical description of thermodynamics. The kelvin is defined as the fraction of the thermodynamic temperature of the triple point of water (exactly 0.01 °C or 32.018 °F). In other words, it is defined such that the triple point of water is exactly 273.16 K.
The Kelvin scale is named after the Belfast-born, Glasgow University engineer and physicist William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin (1824–1907), who wrote of the need for an ""absolute thermometric scale"". Unlike the degree Fahrenheit and degree Celsius, the kelvin is not referred to or typeset as a degree. The kelvin is the primary unit of measurement in the physical sciences, but is often used in conjunction with the degree Celsius, which has the same magnitude. Subtracting 273.16 K from the temperature of the triple point of water (0.01 °C) makes absolute zero (0 K) equivalent to .
History.
In 1848 Lord Kelvin (William Thomson), wrote in his paper, "On an Absolute Thermometric Scale", of the need for a scale whereby "infinite cold" (absolute zero) was the scale's null point, and which used the degree Celsius for its unit increment. Thomson calculated that absolute zero was equivalent to −273 °C on the air thermometers of the time. This absolute scale is known today as the Kelvin thermodynamic temperature scale. Thomson's value of "−273" was the reciprocal of 0.00366—the accepted expansion coefficient of gas per degree Celsius relative to the ice point, giving a remarkable consistency to the currently accepted value.
In 1954, the Resolution 3 of the 10th CGPM gave the Kelvin scale its modern definition by designating the triple point of water as its second defining point and assigned its temperature to exactly 273.16 kelvin.
In 1967/1968 Resolution 3 of the 13th CGPM renamed the unit increment of thermodynamic temperature "kelvin", symbol K, replacing "degree Kelvin", symbol °K. Furthermore, feeling it useful to more explicitly define the magnitude of the unit increment, the 13th CGPM also held in Resolution 4 that "The kelvin, unit of thermodynamic temperature, is equal to the fraction of the thermodynamic temperature of the triple point of water."
In 2005 The Comité International des Poids et Mesures (CIPM), a committee of the CGPM, affirmed that for the purposes of delineating the temperature of the triple point of water, the definition of the Kelvin thermodynamic temperature scale would refer to water having an isotopic composition specified as "VSMOW".
Usage conventions.
Before the 13th General Conference on Weights and Measures (CGPM) in 1967–1968, the unit kelvin was called a "degree", the same as with the other temperature scales at the time. It was distinguished from the other scales with either the adjective suffix "Kelvin" ("degree Kelvin") or with "absolute" ("degree absolute") and its symbol was °K. The latter (degree absolute), which was the unit's official name from 1948 until 1954, was rather ambiguous since it could also be interpreted as referring to the Rankine scale. Before the 13th CGPM, the plural form was "degrees absolute". The 13th CGPM changed the unit name to simply "kelvin" (symbol K). The omission of "degree" indicates that it is not relative to an arbitrary reference point like the Celsius and Fahrenheit scales (although the Rankine scale continued to use "degree Rankine"), but rather an absolute unit of measure which can be manipulated algebraically (e.g. multiplied by two to indicate twice the amount of "mean energy" available among elementary degrees of freedom of the system).
Use in conjunction with Celsius.
In science and in engineering, degrees Celsius and kelvin are often used simultaneously in the same article (e.g. "...its measured value was 0.01028 °C with an uncertainty of 60 µK..."). This practice is permissible because the degree Celsius is a special name for the kelvin for use in expressing Celsius temperatures and the magnitude of the degree Celsius is exactly equal to that of the kelvin. Notwithstanding that the official endorsement provided by Resolution 3 of the 13th CGPM states, "a temperature interval may also be expressed in degrees Celsius", the practice of simultaneously using both "°C" and "K" remains widespread throughout the scientific world as the use of SI prefixed forms of the degree Celsius (such as "µ°C" or "microdegrees Celsius") to express a temperature interval has not been widely adopted.
Proposed redefinition.
In 2005 the CIPM embarked on a program to redefine, amongst others, the kelvin using a more rigorous basis than was in use. The current (2010) definition is unsatisfactory for temperatures below 20 K and above 1300 K. The committee proposes defining the kelvin as the temperature scale for which Boltzmann's constant is exactly. The committee hoped that the program would be completed in time for its adoption by the CGPM at its 2011 meeting, but at the 2011 meeting the decision was postponed to the 2014 meeting when it would be considered as part of a larger program.
From a scientific point of view, this will link temperature to the rest of SI and result in a stable definition that is independent of any particular substance. From a practical point of view, the redefinition will pass unnoticed; water will still freeze at 0 °C (32 °F, 273.15 K).
Practical uses.
Colour temperature.
The kelvin is often used in the measure of the colour temperature of light sources. Colour temperature is based upon the principle that a black body radiator emits light of which the colour depends on the temperature of the radiator. Black bodies with temperatures below about 4000 K appear reddish whereas those above about 7500 K appear bluish. Colour temperature is important in the fields of image projection and photography where a colour temperature of approximately 5600 K is required to match "daylight" film emulsions. In astronomy, the stellar classification of stars and their place on the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram are based, in part, upon their surface temperature, known as effective temperature. The photosphere of the Sun, for instance, has an effective temperature of 5778 K.
Kelvin as a measure of noise.
In electronics, the kelvin is used as an indicator of how noisy a circuit is in relation to an ultimate noise floor, i.e. the noise temperature. The so-called Johnson–Nyquist noise of discrete resistors and capacitors is a type of thermal noise derived from the Boltzmann constant and can be used to determine the noise temperature of a circuit using the Friis formulas for noise.

</doc>
<doc id="19593129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593129" title="Olivier Guichard">
Olivier Guichard

Olivier Guichard (27 July 1920 – 20 January 2004) was a French politician. He was born in Néac and joined the French Army in 1944 and served until the end of World War II, during which, he earned the Médaille militaire and the Croix de guerre. At the end of his life he also was a grand officer of the Légion d'honneur.
In 1947, he joined the gaulliste mouvement. He occupied variouse local elected offices. He has been a member of parliament and several time minister. From 1969 until 1972, he was Minister of National Education. Between 1972 and 1974, he was Minister of Public Works. And between 1976 and 1977, he was Minister of Justice.
Between 1967 and 1968, he was a member of the Union pour la nouvelle République, then between 1968 and 1978 he was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic and finally from 1978 until 1997 he was a member of the Rally for the Republic. He died on 20 January 2004 in Paris.
Political career.
Governmental functions
Minister of Industry : 1967–1968.
Minister of Planning and Land Management : 1968–1969.
Minister of National Education : 1969–1972.
Minister of Equipment, Housing and Tourism : 1972–1974.
Minister of State, minister of Land Management, Equipment and Transports : march-May 1974.
Minister of State, Keeper of the Seals : 1976–1977.
Electoral mandates
National Assembly of France
Member of the National Assembly of France for Loire-Atlantique : Elected in 1967, but he became minister / Reelected in 1968, but he stays minister / Reelected in 1973, but he stays minister / 1974–1976 (Became minister) / 1978–1997. Elected in 1967, reelected in 1968, 1973, 1978, 1981, 1986, 1988, 1993.
Regional Council
President of the Regional Council of Pays-de-la-Loire : 1974–1998. Elected in 1986, reelected in 1992.
Regional councillor of Pays-de-la-Loire : 1974–1998. Elected in 1986, reelected in 1992.
General Council
General councillor of Loire-Atlantique : 1970–1982. Reelected in 1976.
Municipal Council
Mayor of Néac : 1962–1971. Reelected in 1965.
Municipal councillor of Néac : 1962–1971. Reelected in 1965.
Mayor of La Baule-Escoublac : 1971–1995. Reelected in 1977, 1983, 1989.
Municipal councillor of La Baule-Escoublac : 1971–1995. Reelected in 1977, 1983, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19593137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593137" title="Kachalar">
Kachalar

Kachalar (; also known as Kachalar-e Kordlar) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="19593153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593153" title="Women's rights movement in Iran">
Women's rights movement in Iran

The Iranian women's movement is based on the Iranian women's social movement for women's rights. This movement first emerged some time after the Iranian Constitutional Revolution in 1910, the year in which the first Women Journal was published by women. The movement lasted until 1933 in which the last women’s association was dissolved by the Reza Shah Pahlavi’s government. It heightened again after the Iranian Revolution (1979). Between 1962 and 1978, the Iranian women's movement gained tremendous victories: women won the right to vote in 1963 as part of Mohammad Reza Shah's White Revolution, and were allowed to stand for public office, and in 1975 the Family Protection Law provided new rights for women, including expanded divorce and custody rights and reduced polygamy. Following the 1979 Revolution, several laws based on gender discrimination were established such as the introduction of mandatory veiling and public dress code of females. Women's rights since the Islamic Revolution has varied. About 9% of the Iranian parliament members are women, while the global average is 13%. 
The women's rights movement in Iran continues to attempt influencing reforms, particularly with the One Million Signatures Campaign to End Discrimination Against Women.
After the Constitutional Revolution.
The Iranian Constitutional Revolution took place between 1905 and 1911. The early cores of consciousness of women's rights (or rather lack of rights) which lead to establishment of societies and magazines started shortly after. The low status of women and secret operation of many of their organizations and societies, have somewhat limited the amount of data on the subject. Women's writing in that era, mainly through newspapers and periodicals are one of the most valuable sources of information on the movement. Most important of these periodicals are listed below.
Additionally, Iranian women were aware of women's conditions and educational opportunities elsewhere and inspired by them.
Education.
Women activist determined that education was key. The argument they put forward was that giving women education was best for Iran, in that the mothers would raise better sons for their country. At the beginning of the century, foreign missionaries founded the first school for girls, which was attended mostly by religious minorities. Haji-Mirza Hassan Roshdieh and Bibi Khanoom Astarabadi later also founded schools for girls, but both were quickly closed. Eventually, in 1918, after years of private and unregulated schools, the government provided funds to establish ten primary schools for girls and a teacher training college. From 1914 to 1925, the women's publications expanded beyond discussions of education onto subjects such as child marriage, economic empowerment, and the rights and legal status of women.
Societies and Organizations.
In 1906, despite the parliament refusing their request to be allowed to organize in political societies, women created several organizations, including the society for women's freedom, which met in secret until it was discovered and attacked. The Jam'iat e nesvan e vatan-khah (Patriotic Women’s League) was born around 1918; it published Nosvan Vatankhah.
In 1922, Mohtaram Eskandari created the patriotic women's organization. She was arrested and her house was burned. Zandokht Shirazi, another women activist, organized the Women's Revolutionary Association. During this early phase of the women's movement, the women who became involved were in general daughters, sisters and wives of well-known constitutionalists. In general too, they were from educated middle-class families. The low status of women and secret operation of many of their organizations and societies have somewhat limited the amount of data on the subject.
Early Publications.
Women's writing in that era, mainly through newspapers and periodicals are one of the most valuable sources of information on the movement. Some of the most important periodicals of that era are listed below (the year of publication of the first issue is mentioned in brackets, sometimes with the city of publication):
Reza Shah era (1925–1963).
Women’s first strides were in education: in 1928, they were provided with financial support to study abroad; in 1935 they were admitted to Tehran University, and in 1944 education became compulsory. In 1932, the second Congress of Women of the East was organized in Tehran, and Iranian women activists met with activists from Lebanon, Egypt, India and Iraq. Dowlatabadi was the secretary. In 1936, Reza Shah Pahlavi set the mandatory unveiling of women—a highly controversial policy which nonetheless was significant for the desegregation of women.
The 1940s saw a heightened consciousness of the role of women in society; and the 1950s the birth of numerous women’s rights organizations, among which "Rah-e Now" (New Path) founded by Mehrangiz Dowlatshahi in 1955, and "Women’s League of Supporters of the Declaration of Human Rights" founded by Safieh Firouz in 1956. In 1959 fifteen of those organizations formed a federation called the "High Council of Women’s Organizations in Iran". The High Council decided to concentrate its efforts on women’s suffrage.
Despite much opposition by clerics, the suffrage was gained in 1963 when a national referendum reflected general support for the 6-point reform program known as the White Revolution which included women’s right to vote and to stand for public office. Six women were elected to Parliament ("Majlis").
Mohammad Reza Pahlavi era (1963–1978).
In the late 1960s, women entered the diplomatic corps, the judiciary and police force, and the revolutionary service corps (education, health and development): in 1968, Farrokhroo Parsa became Minister of Education - she was the first women to hold a cabinet position; in 1969 the judiciary was opened to women and five female judges were appointed, including future Nobel prize winner Shirin Ebadi. Women were elected to town, city and county councils.
Looking for a way to achieve a more viable organization structure for women’s activities, a coalition of women’s groups forms the Women’s Organization of Iran in 1966.
The Women's Organization of Iran.
Though the WOI was patroned by Princess Ashraf (the Shah's twin sister), Iranian women and the WOI had to fight for every improvement in their lives. The Women’s Organization of Iran was a non-profit grassroots organization working mainly through volunteers. Its goals were to encourage women’s education for change, to work towards securing economic independence for women, and at the same time to remain within the spirit of Islam and the cultural traditions of the nation. It worked through local branches and Women’s Centers, which provided useful services for women – literacy classes, vocational training, counseling, sports and cultural activities and childcare.
One of the major victories of the WOI was the Family Protection Law of 1975. It granted women’s equal rights in marriage and divorce, enhanced women’s rights in child custody, increased the minimum age of marriage to 18 for women and 20 for men, and practically eliminated polygamy.
Abortion was also made legal without arousing much public attention, by removing the penalty for performing the operation embodied in a law dealing with medical malpractice. All labor laws and regulations were revised to eliminate sex discrimination and incorporate equal pay for equal work. Women were encouraged to run for political office.
By 1978 nearly 40% of girls 6 and above were literate; over 12,000 literacy corps women were teaching in villages; 33% of university students were women, and more women than men took the entrance exam for the school of medicine. 333 women were elected to local councils, 22 women were elected to parliament, and 2 served in the Senate. There were one cabinet minister (for women’s affairs), 3 sub-cabinet under-secretaries, one governor, an ambassador, and five women mayors.
Iran has also established itself as playing a leading role for women’s rights among developing countries, introducing ideas and funds for the UN Regional Center for Research and Development for Asia and the Pacific, and the International Center for Research on Women.
Post-revolutionary period.
After the Iranian Revolution in February 1979, the status of women changed substantially. The massive participation of women in the 1978–79 revolution was in part a result of the mobilization efforts of women’s organization in the preceding decades, including the WOI’s activities in the late 1960s and 70s during which women had gained consciousness of their own collective political power, and understood the need for women to assert themselves. Women marched in support of a freer, more egalitarian government. With passage of time, some of the rights that women had gained under Shah, were systematically removed, through legislation, such as the forced wearing of the hijab, particularly the chador. Soon after the revolution, there were rumors of plans for forced hijab, and abolition of some women's rights protected by "Family protection act" conceived to be "against Islam". The rumors were denied by some state officials and many women refused to accept it. Not long after, however, the rumors were realized.
A new family law was annulled, and veiling became obligatory. Farrokhrou Parsa, the first woman to serve in the Iranian cabinet, was executed.
The veiling law was met with protests comprising heterogeneous groups of women. The demonstrations did not aim to expand women's rights in Iran, but simply to keep what they had already earned. There were three major collective attempts to voice concerns:
These collective attempts, as well as the smaller ones, not only faced opposition from the Islamic conservatives, but were sometimes damaged by the leftist and rightist political groups, exemplified by the organization of a demonstration scheduled by the Fedai for the same day as that of the Conference of Unity of Women in December 1979 — despite the pleas mentioned above. In fact, most leftist groups did not have a well-established vision or plan for pursuing women's rights. The status of women, it was presumed, would be improved automatically by the establishment of an ideal socialist/communist society.
Aspects of Islamic law pertaining to women can be seen in Articles 20 and 21 of the 1979 constitution, and two manifestations of Islamic law are now infamous among women's rights activists: stoning and polygamy, to name two.
At the beginning of the revolution, some of the leaders of the women’s rights, were discredited.
Twenty-First Century Activism.
For the first time since the revolution, several women succeeded in 1997 in getting into a stadium to watch a soccer match. Female legal consultants have been introduced in special family courts. 
One Million Signatures for the Repeal of Discriminatory Laws notable campaign was launched in 2006 to collect one million signatures in support of changing discriminatory laws against women in Iran and reforming of family laws, to ask Parliament for the revision and reform of current laws which discriminate against women. Another campaign was 'Stop Stoning Forever' 
By all accounts, the degree of mobilization and consciousness among women in Iran is remarkable. The women’s rights movement is vibrant and well-organized. The movement has also been credited with very smart use of information and communication technologies.
However, the active participation of many women in the revolution helped awaken many women about their political potential, and many middle-class women acted increasingly to support women’s rights. Increasing vocal opposition to policies which sanctioned polygamy, temporary marriage, free divorce for men, and child custody to fathers also took hold. A growing trend of women began to interpret Islam in more gender-egalitarian ways with the entry of more women in the public sphere and limitation of discourse to Islamic parameters. Growing activism and publicity brought some legal remedies to the women’s struggle for example limits on a husband’s right to prevent his wife from taking a job, and a new marriage contract which gave women the right to divorce. Judges became more sympathetic to women’s issues because of the hardship, and when some reforms did not make it through the legislative process, the government tried to ameliorate some of the injustices and gave instructions to the courts on how to do so.
As more Iranian girls were being educated in the 1980s, and the government opened higher religious education to women, some mastered technical forms of Islamic argumentation which helped in the fight for the liberalization of women’s rights. Furthermore many women became successful entrepreneurs, and worked in other highly visible professions including parliament. As stated in an interview in 1996, prominent secular lawyer Mehrangiz Kar stated “The revolution gave women confidence in themselves. With all the sacrifices they made, Iranian women know how much their current and future rulers owe to them. This demand is no longer that of a group of women; it is a nationwide one. The Islamic government cannot escape it without risking a brutal separation of the state and religion.”
Iranian Feminism.
Iranian feminists generally fall into two camps when it comes to the women's rights movement in Iran, post 1979. Some believe that Islamization has resulted in the "marginalizing" of women. Others believe that through the dynamic nature of Islamic law, known as Sharia, a unique consciousness of feminism has been formed in Iran. Both these views have been challenged.
Among the women's rights activists in Iran, "feminism" means different things. A major contrast is seen between secular feminists and those who are dubbed Islamic feminists, on the nature of feminism.
Islamic feminists, or more accurately Muslim feminists, are those women rights advocates who seek to improve the status of women through more favorable interpretations of Islamic law, supporting what is called "Dynamic Interpretation" ("Feqh-e pouya" in Persian). Some Muslim feminists would rather be called "indigenous feminists" ("feminist-e boomi"),they are fighting for more rights for women. 
Despite the disagreements among different factions, when it comes to the improvement of women's conditions, feminist groups have shown that they can cooperate with an emphasis on common ground. The chief editor of "Zanan" magazin, Shahla Sherkat, for example, a woman with definite religious beliefs, invited prominent Muslim women rights activist Shirin Ebadi, and prominent secular women rights activist Mehrangiz Kar, to write on women's issues in her magazine.
Women's Studies in Iran.
Through the efforts of women's rights advocates in Iran, in 2001 Allameh Tabatabaii University, Tarbiat Modares University, and Alzahra University initiated women's studies programs at the Master of Arts level, and shortly thereafter Tehran University began a similar university course for a degree. There are three sub-specialties: women and family, the history of women, and women's rights in Islam. These programs are needed, it is stated, to try and remedy some of the damage caused by centuries of the dominance of negative views on women, sociologically and humanistically, and other hardships suffered by women in Iran. It is hoped that graduates of women's studies programs will be able to present gender-neutral points of view.
Activists.
Some of the most notable activists are:

</doc>
<doc id="19593154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593154" title="Babu (1985 film)">
Babu (1985 film)

Babu is a 1985 film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead supported by Hema Malini, Mala Sinha and Rati Agnihotri. Music is by Rajesh Rosahn. It is a remake of a Tamil film directed by A.C. Trilogchander from 1971 with the same name starring Shivaji Ganeshan, which in itself was a remake of the 1965 Malayalam film Odayil Ninnu (film).
Plot.
Babu is a young man who works as a rickshaw puller and he has fallen in love with Kammo.His only true friend is Shambu Nath.One day he helps Shankerlal and his family and in return Shankerlal invites him to his house.Instantly the whole family including Shankerlal's wife and Pinky both begin to shower love on Babu. Babu having led a tough childhood feels very ecstatic and feels grateful to Shankerlal on having provided him food,clothes and more importantly respect given to him. Meanwhile a goon in the village rapes Kammo and Babu kills him and thereby lands in jail. After his release he finds Pinky begging in the streets and then he gets shocked as to how a rich girl has been forced to beg. Then he realises that now Pinky's mother is a widow. His sole aim now becomes to help this widow and her child. He gives up his personal life, drives a hand-drawn rickshaw, saves some money, so that he can buy provisions for them, as well as send the child, Pinky, to a decent school. Pinky then grows up and later starts disliking Babu.The rest of the story is how Pinky realises her folly later on, how Pinky's mother feels indebted to Babu for having helped them in return for one nights shower of affection on Babu by Shankerlal.

</doc>
<doc id="19593167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593167" title="Heat">
Heat

In physics, heating is transfer of energy from a hotter body to a colder one, other than by work or transfer of matter. It occurs spontaneously whenever there is a suitable physical pathway between the bodies. The pathway can be direct, as in conduction and radiation, or indirect, as in convective circulation. Heat is a central concept in thermodynamics and statistical mechanics, and is also important in chemistry, engineering, and other disciplines.
There are various kinds of engines that transfer energy as heat. They necessarily cycle through sequences of engineered thermodynamic operations and natural thermodynamic processes, acting on a working body. There is transfer energy as heat in some stages of their cycles, and transfer of energy as work in other stages. In a heat engine, the internal energy supplied by a hot body is harnessed to do work. This always requires the discharge of waste energy as heat to another body which is cold; the colder it is, the more efficient the engine. In a heat pump, energy supplied as work from an external source is harnessed to transfer energy from a cold body so as to further heat an already hot target body. In refrigeration, energy supplied as work from an external source is harnessed to further cool an already cold target body. This requires the discharge of waste energy as heat to an external body, called a heat sink. For this, the working body must at some stage of its cycle be hotter than the heat sink, which is hotter again than the target body. Also, the working substance at one stage is made colder than the target cold body. Heat pumps and refrigerators must be supplied with energy as work, because their overall cycles transfer energy from colder to hotter bodies. All of this is in accord with the first and second laws of thermodynamics.
Kinetic theory explains transfers of energy as heat as macroscopic manifestations of the motions and interactions of microscopic constituents such as molecules and photons.
The quantity of energy transferred as heat is a scalar expressed in an energy unit such as the joule (J) (SI), with a sign that is customarily positive when a transfer adds to the energy of a system. It can be measured by calorimetry, or determined by calculations based on other quantities, relying on the first law of thermodynamics. In calorimetry, latent heat changes a system's state without temperature change, while sensible heat changes its temperature, leaving some other state variable(s) unchanged; the terms latent and sensible are correlative.
History.
Scottish physicist James Clerk Maxwell, in his 1871 classic "Theory of Heat", was one of many who began to build on the already established idea that heat has something to do with matter in motion. This was the same idea put forth by Sir Benjamin Thompson in 1798, who said he was only following up on the work of many others. One of Maxwell's recommended books was "Heat as a Mode of Motion", by John Tyndall. Maxwell outlined four stipulations for the definition of heat:
From empirically based ideas of heat, and from other empirical observations, the notions of internal energy and of entropy can be derived, so as to lead to the recognition of the first and second laws of thermodynamics. This was the way of the historical pioneers of thermodynamics.
Transfers of energy as heat between two bodies.
Referring to conduction, Partington writes: "If a hot body is brought in conducting contact with a cold body, the temperature of the hot body falls and that of the cold body rises, and it is said that a "quantity of heat" has passed from the hot body to the cold body."
Referring to radiation, Maxwell writes: "In Radiation, the hotter body loses heat, and the colder body receives heat by means of a process occurring in some intervening medium which does not itself thereby become hot."
Maxwell writes that convection as such "is not a purely thermal phenomenon". In thermodynamics, convection in general is regarded as transport of internal energy. If, however, the convection is enclosed and circulatory, then it may be regarded as transferring energy as heat between source and destination bodies, because it transfers only energy and not matter from the source to the destination body.
Practical operating devices that harness transfers of energy as heat.
In accordance with the first law for closed systems, energy transferred solely as heat enters one body and leaves another, changing the internal energies of each. Transfer, between bodies, of energy as work is a complementary way of changing internal energies. Though it is not logically rigorous from the viewpoint of strict physical concepts, a common form of words that expresses this is to say that heat and work are interconvertible.
Heat engine.
In classical thermodynamics, a commonly considered model is the heat engine. It consists of four bodies: the working body, the hot reservoir, the cold reservoir, and the work reservoir. A cyclic process leaves the working body in an unchanged state, and is envisaged as being repeated indefinitely often. Work transfers between the working body and the work reservoir are envisaged as reversible, and thus only one work reservoir is needed. But two thermal reservoirs are needed, because transfer of energy as heat is irreversible. A single cycle sees energy taken by the working body from the hot reservoir and sent to the two other reservoirs, the work reservoir and the cold reservoir. The hot reservoir always and only supplies energy and the cold reservoir always and only receives energy. The second law of thermodynamics requires that no cycle can occur in which no energy is received by the cold reservoir. Heat engines achieve higher efficiency when the difference between initial and final temperature is greater.
Heat pump.
Another commonly considered model is the heat pump or refrigerator. Again there are four bodies: the working body, the hot reservoir, the cold reservoir, and the work reservoir. A single cycle sees energy taken in by the working body from the cold reservoir. Then the work reservoir does work on the working body, adding more to its internal energy. The hot working body passes heat to the hot reservoir, but still remains hot. Then the working body is made cool by allowing it to expand without doing work on another body. It is now cool enough to be passed to contact the cold reservoir to start another cycle. The device has transported energy from a colder to a hotter reservoir, in a convective circulation, but this is not regarded as being by an inanimate agency, because the work reservoir is depleted by an amount of energy that is eventually deposited in the hot reservoir, and the work is supplied by thermodynamic operations, not just by simple thermodynamic processes. Accordingly, the cycle is still in accord with the second law of thermodynamics. The efficiency of a heat pump is best when the temperature difference between the hot and cold reservoirs is least.
Macroscopic view of quantity of energy transferred as heat.
According to Planck, there are three main conceptual approaches to heat. One is the microscopic or kinetic theory approach. Also there are two macroscopic approaches. One is the approach through the law of conservation of energy taken as prior to thermodynamics, with a mechanical analysis of processes, for example in the work of Helmholtz. This mechanical view is taken as currently customary in this article. The other macroscopic approach is the thermodynamic one, which admits heat as a primitive concept, which contributes, by scientific induction to knowledge of the law of conservation of energy.
Bailyn also distinguishes the two macroscopic approaches as the mechanical and the thermodynamic. The thermodynamic view was taken by the founders of thermodynamics in the nineteenth century. It regards quantity of energy transferred as heat as a primitive concept coherent with a primitive concept of temperature, measured primarily by calorimetry. A calorimeter is a body in the surroundings of the system, with its own temperature and internal energy; when it is connected to the system by a path for heat transfer, changes in it measure heat transfer. The mechanical view was pioneered by Helmholtz and developed and used in the twentieth century, largely through the influence of Max Born. It regards quantity of heat transferred as heat as a derived concept, defined for closed systems as quantity of heat transferred by mechanisms other than work transfer, the latter being regarded as primitive for thermodynamics, defined by macroscopic mechanics. According to Born, the transfer of internal energy between open systems that accompanies transfer of matter "cannot be reduced to mechanics". It follows that there is no well-founded definition of quantities of energy transferred as heat or as work associated with transfer of matter.
Nevertheless, for the thermodynamical description of non-equilibrium processes, it is desired to consider the effect of a temperature gradient established by the surroundings across the system of interest when there is no physical barrier or wall between system and surroundings, that is to say, when they are open with respect to one another. The impossibility of a mechanical definition in terms of work for this circumstance does not alter the physical fact that a temperature gradient causes a diffusive flux of internal energy, a process that, in the thermodynamic view, might be proposed as a candidate concept for transfer of energy as heat.
In this circumstance, it may expected that there may also be active other drivers of diffusive flux of internal energy, such as gradient of chemical potential which drives transfer of matter, and gradient of electric potential which drives electric current and iontophoresis; such effects usually interact with diffusive flux of internal energy driven by temperature gradient, and such interactions are known as cross-effects.
If cross-effects that result in diffusive transfer of internal energy were also labeled as heat transfers, they would sometimes violate the rule that pure heat transfer occurs only down a temperature gradient, never up one. They would also contradict the principle that all heat transfer is of one and the same kind, a principle founded on the idea of heat conduction between closed systems. One might to try to think narrowly of heat flux driven purely by temperature gradient as a conceptual component of diffusive internal energy flux, in the thermodynamic view, the concept resting specifically on careful calculations based on detailed knowledge of the processes and being indirectly assessed. In these circumstances, if perchance it happens that no transfer of matter is actualized, and there are no cross-effects, then the thermodynamic concept and the mechanical concept coincide, as if one were dealing with closed systems. But when there is transfer of matter, the exact laws by which temperature gradient drives diffusive flux of internal energy, rather than being exactly knowable, mostly need to be assumed, and in many cases are practically unverifiable. Consequently, when there is transfer of matter, the calculation of the pure 'heat flux' component of the diffusive flux of internal energy rests on practically unverifiable assumptions. This is a reason to think of heat as a specialized concept that relates primarily and precisely to closed systems, and applicable only in a very restricted way to open systems.
In many writings in this context, the term "heat flux" is used when what is meant is therefore more accurately called diffusive flux of internal energy; such usage of the term "heat flux" is a residue of older and now obsolete language usage that allowed that a body may have a "heat content".
Microscopic view of heat.
In the kinetic theory, heat is explained in terms of the microscopic motions and interactions of constituent particles, such as electrons, atoms, and molecules. Heat transfer arises from temperature gradients or differences, through the diffuse exchange of microscopic kinetic and potential particle energy, by particle collisions and other interactions. An early and vague expression of this was made by Francis Bacon. Precise and detailed versions of it were developed in the nineteenth century.
Notation and units.
As a form of energy heat has the unit joule (J) in the International System of Units (SI). However, in many applied fields in engineering the British thermal unit (BTU) and the calorie are often used. The standard unit for the rate of heat transferred is the watt (W), defined as joules per second.
The total amount of energy transferred as heat is conventionally written as "Q" for algebraic purposes. Heat released by a system into its surroundings is by convention a negative quantity ("Q" < 0); when a system absorbs heat from its surroundings, it is positive ("Q" > 0). Heat transfer rate, or heat flow per unit time, is denoted by formula_1. This should not be confused with a time derivative of a function of state (which can also be written with the dot notation) since heat is not a function of state. Heat flux is defined as rate of heat transfer per unit cross-sectional area, resulting in the unit "watts per square metre".
Estimation of quantity of heat.
Quantity of heat transferred can measured by calorimetry, or determined through calculations based on other quantities.
Calorimetry is the empirical basis of the idea of quantity of heat transferred in a process. The transferred heat is measured by changes in a body of known properties, for example, temperature rise, change in volume or length, or phase change, such as melting of ice.
A calculation of quantity of heat transferred can rely on a hypothetical quantity of energy transferred as adiabatic work and on the first law of thermodynamics. Such calculation is the primary approach of many theoretical studies of quantity of heat transferred.
Internal energy and enthalpy.
For a closed system (a system from which no matter can enter or exit), one version of the first law of thermodynamics states that the change in internal energy of the system is equal to the amount of heat supplied to the system minus the amount of work done by system on its surroundings. The foregoing sign convention for work is used in the present article, but an alternate sign convention, followed by IUPAC, for work, is to consider the work performed on the system by its surroundings as positive. This is the convention adopted by many modern textbooks of physical chemistry, such as those by Peter Atkins and Ira Levine, but many textbooks on physics define work as work done by the system.
This formula can be re-written so as to express a definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat, based purely on the concept of adiabatic work, if it is supposed that is defined and measured solely by processes of adiabatic work:
The work done by the system includes boundary work (when the system increases its volume against an external force, such as that exerted by a piston) and other work (e.g. shaft work performed by a compressor fan), which is called isochoric work:
In this Section we will neglect the "other-" or isochoric work contribution.
The internal energy, , is a state function. In cyclical processes, such as the operation of a heat engine, state functions of the working substance return to their initial values upon completion of a cycle.
The differential, or infinitesimal increment, for the internal energy in an infinitesimal process is an exact differential . The symbol for exact differentials is the lowercase letter .
In contrast, neither of the infinitesimal increments nor in an infinitesimal process represents the state of the system. Thus, infinitesimal increments of heat and work are inexact differentials. The lowercase Greek letter delta, , is the symbol for inexact differentials. The integral of any inexact differential over the time it takes for a system to leave and return to the same thermodynamic state does not necessarily equal zero.
As recounted below, in the section headed Entropy, the second law of thermodynamics observes that if heat is supplied to a system in which no irreversible processes take place and which has a well-defined temperature , the increment of heat and the temperature form the exact differential
and that , the entropy of the working body, is a function of state. Likewise, with a well-defined pressure, , behind the moving boundary, the work differential, , and the pressure, , combine to form the exact differential
with the volume of the system, which is a state variable. In general, for homogeneous systems,
Associated with this differential equation is that the internal energy may be considered to be a function of its natural variables and . The internal energy representation of the fundamental thermodynamic relation is written
If is constant
and if is constant
with the enthalpy defined by
The enthalpy may be considered to be a function of its natural variables and . The enthalpy representation of the fundamental thermodynamic relation is written
The internal energy representation and the enthalpy representation are partial Legendre transforms of one another. They contain the same physical information, written in different ways. Like the internal energy, the enthalpy stated as a function of its natural variables is a thermodynamic potential and contains all thermodynamic information about a body.
Heat added to a body at constant pressure.
If a quantity of heat is added to a body while it does expansion work on its surroundings, one has
If this is constrained to happen at constant pressure with , the expansion work done by the body is given by ; recalling the first law of thermodynamics, one has
Consequently, by substitution one has
In this scenario, the increase in enthalpy is equal to the quantity of heat added to the system. Since many processes do take place at constant pressure, or approximately at atmospheric pressure, the enthalpy is therefore sometimes given the misleading name of 'heat content'. It is sometimes also called the heat function.
In terms of the natural variables of the state function , this process of change of state from state 1 to state 2 can be expressed as
It is known that the temperature is identically stated by
Consequently
In this case, the integral specifies a quantity of heat transferred at constant pressure.
Entropy.
In 1856, German physicist Rudolf Clausius, referring to closed systems, in which transfer of matter does not occur, defined the "second fundamental theorem" (the second law of thermodynamics) in the mechanical theory of heat (thermodynamics): "if two transformations which, without necessitating any other permanent change, can mutually replace one another, be called equivalent, then the generations of the quantity of heat "Q" from work at the temperature "T", has the "equivalence-value":"
In 1865, he came to define the entropy symbolized by "S", such that, due to the supply of the amount of heat "Q" at temperature "T" the entropy of the system is increased by
In a transfer of energy as heat without work being done, there are changes of entropy in both the surroundings which lose heat and the system which gains it. The increase, , of entropy in the system may be considered to consist of two parts, an increment, that matches, or 'compensates', the change, , of entropy in the surroundings, and a further increment, that may be considered to be 'generated' or 'produced' in the system, and is said therefore to be 'uncompensated'. Thus
This may also be written
The total change of entropy in the system and surroundings is thus
This may also be written
It is then said that an amount of entropy has been transferred from the surroundings to the system. Because entropy is not a conserved quantity, this is an exception to the general way of speaking, in which an amount transferred is of a conserved quantity.
The second law of thermodynamics observes that in a natural transfer of energy as heat, in which the temperature of the system is different from that of the surroundings, it is always so that
For purposes of mathematical analysis of transfers, one thinks of fictive processes that are called 'reversible', with the temperature of the system being hardly less than that of the surroundings, and the transfer taking place at an imperceptibly slow speed.
Following the definition above in formula (1), for such a fictive 'reversible' process, a quantity of transferred heat (an inexact differential) is analyzed as a quantity , with (an exact differential):
This equality is only valid for a fictive transfer in which there is no production of entropy, that is to say, in which there is no uncompensated entropy.
If, in contrast, the process is natural, and can really occur, with irreversibility, then there is entropy production, with . The quantity was termed by Clausius the "uncompensated heat", though that does not accord with present-day terminology. Then one has
This leads to the statement
which is the second law of thermodynamics for closed systems.
In non-equilibrium thermodynamics that approximates by assuming the hypothesis of local thermodynamic equilibrium, there is a special notation for this. The transfer of energy as heat is assumed to take place across an infinitesimal temperature difference, so that the system element and its surroundings have near enough the same temperature . Then one writes
where by definition
The second law for a natural process asserts that
Latent and sensible heat.
In an 1847 lecture entitled "On Matter, Living Force, and Heat", James Prescott Joule characterized the terms latent heat and sensible heat as components of heat each affecting distinct physical phenomena, namely the potential and kinetic energy of particles, respectively. He described latent energy as the energy possessed via a distancing of particles where attraction was over a greater distance, i.e. a form of potential energy, and the sensible heat as an energy involving the motion of particles or what was known as a "living force". At the time of Joule kinetic energy either held 'invisibly' internally or held 'visibly' externally was known as a "living force".
Latent heat is the heat released or absorbed by a chemical substance or a thermodynamic system during a change of state that occurs without a change in temperature. Such a process may be a phase transition, such as the melting of ice or the boiling of water. The term was introduced around 1750 by Joseph Black as derived from the Latin "latere" ("to lie hidden"), characterizing its effect as not being directly measurable with a thermometer.
Sensible heat, in contrast to latent heat, is the heat transferred to a thermodynamic system that has as its sole effect a change of temperature.
Both latent heat and sensible heat transfers increase the internal energy of the system to which they are transferred.
Consequences of Black's distinction between sensible and latent heat are examined in the Wikipedia article on calorimetry.
Specific heat.
Specific heat, also called specific heat capacity, is defined as the amount of energy that has to be transferred to or from one unit of mass (kilogram) or amount of substance (mole) to change the system temperature by one degree. Specific heat is a physical property, which means that it depends on the substance under consideration and its state as specified by its properties.
The specific heats of monatomic gases (e.g., helium) are nearly constant with temperature. Diatomic gases such as hydrogen display some temperature dependence, and triatomic gases (e.g., carbon dioxide) still more.
Relation between heat, hotness, and temperature.
According to Baierlein, a system's hotness is its tendency to transfer energy as heat. All physical systems are capable of heating or cooling others. This does not require that they have thermodynamic temperatures. With reference to hotness, the comparative terms hotter and colder are defined by the rule that heat flows from the hotter body to the colder. If a physical system is very rapidly or irregularly changing, for example by turbulence, it may be impossible to characterize it by a temperature, but still there can be transfer of energy as heat between it and another system. If a system has a physical state that is regular enough, and persists long enough to allow it to reach thermal equilibrium with a specified thermometer, then it has a temperature according to that thermometer. An empirical thermometer registers degree of hotness for such a system. Such a temperature is called empirical. Physical systems that are too turbulent to have temperatures may still differ in hotness. A physical system that passes heat to another physical system is said to be the hotter of the two. More is required for the system to have a thermodynamic temperature. Its behavior must be so regular that its empirical temperature is the same for all suitably calibrated and scaled thermometers, and then its hotness is said to lie on the one-dimensional hotness manifold. This is part of the reason why heat is defined following Carathéodory and Born, solely as occurring other than by work or transfer of matter; temperature is advisedly and deliberately not mentioned in this now widely accepted definition. This is also the reason why the zeroth law of thermodynamics is stated explicitly.
Rigorous definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat.
It is sometimes convenient to have a rigorous definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat. Such a definition is customarily based on the work of Carathéodory (1909), referring to processes in a closed system, as follows.
The internal energy of a body in an arbitrary state can be determined by amounts of work adiabatically performed by the body on its surrounds when it starts from a reference state , allowing that sometimes the amount of work is calculated by assuming that some adiabatic process is virtually though not actually reversible. Adiabatic work is defined in terms of adiabatic walls, which allow the frictionless performance of work but no other transfer, of energy or matter. In particular they do not allow the passage of energy as heat. According to Carathéodory (1909), passage of energy as heat is allowed, by walls which are postulated to be "permeable only to heat".
For the definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat, it is customarily envisaged that an arbitrary state of interest is reached from state by a process with two components, one adiabatic and the other not adiabatic. For convenience one may say that the adiabatic component was the sum of work done by the body through volume change through movement of the walls while the non-adiabatic wall was temporarily rendered adiabatic, and of isochoric adiabatic work. Then the non-adiabatic component is a process of energy transfer through the wall that passes only heat, newly made accessible for the purpose of this transfer, from the surroundings to the body. The change in internal energy to reach the state from the state is the difference of the two amounts of energy transferred.
Although Carathéodory himself did not state such a definition, following his work it is customary in theoretical studies to define the quantity of energy transferred as heat, , to the body from its surroundings, in the combined process of change to state from the state , as the change in internal energy, , minus the amount of work, , done by the body on its surrounds by the adiabatic process, so that .
In this definition, for the sake of conceptal rigour, the quantity of energy transferred as heat is not specified directly in terms of the non-adiabatic process. It is defined through knowledge of precisely two variables, the change of internal energy and the amount of adiabatic work done, for the combined process of change from the reference state to the arbitrary state . It is important that this does not explicitly involve the amount of energy transferred in the non-adiabatic component of the combined process. It is assumed here that the amount of energy required to pass from state to state , the change of internal energy, is known, independently of the combined process, by a determination through a purely adiabatic process, like that for the determination of the internal energy of state above. The rigour that is prized in this definition is that there is one and only one kind of energy transfer admitted as fundamental: energy transferred as work. Energy transfer as heat is considered as a derived quantity. The uniqueness of work in this scheme is considered to guarantee rigor and purity of conception. The conceptual purity of this definition, based on the concept of energy transferred as work as an ideal notion, relies on the idea that some frictionless and otherwise non-dissipative processes of energy transfer can be realized in physical actuality. The second law of thermodynamics, on the other hand, assures us that such processes are not found in nature.
Heat, temperature, and thermal equilibrium regarded as jointly primitive notions.
Before the rigorous mathematical definition of heat based on Carathéodory's 1909 paper, recounted just above, historically, heat, temperature, and thermal equilibrium were presented in thermodynamics textbooks as jointly primitive notions. Carathéodory introduced his 1909 paper thus: "The proposition that the discipline of thermodynamics can be justified without recourse to any hypothesis that cannot be verified experimentally must be regarded as one of the most noteworthy results of the research in thermodynamics that was accomplished during the last century." Referring to the "point of view adopted by most authors who were active in the last fifty years", Carathéodory wrote: "There exists a physical quantity called heat that is not identical with the mechanical quantities (mass, force, pressure, etc.) and whose variations can be determined by calorimetric measurements." James Serrin introduces an account of the theory of thermodynamics thus: "In the following section, we shall use the classical notions of "heat", "work", and "hotness" as primitive elements, ... That heat is an appropriate and natural primitive for thermodynamics was already accepted by Carnot. Its continued validity as a primitive element of thermodynamical structure is due to the fact that it synthesizes an essential physical concept, as well as to its successful use in recent work to unify different constitutive theories." This traditional kind of presentation of the basis of thermodynamics includes ideas that may be summarized by the statement that heat transfer is purely due to spatial non-uniformity of temperature, and is by conduction and radiation, from hotter to colder bodies. It is sometimes proposed that this traditional kind of presentation necessarily rests on "circular reasoning"; against this proposal, there stands the rigorously logical mathematical development of the theory presented by Truesdell and Bharatha (1977).
This alternative approach to the definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat differs in logical structure from that of Carathéodory, recounted just above.
This alternative approach admits calorimetry as a primary or direct way to measure quantity of energy transferred as heat. It relies on temperature as one of its primitive concepts, and used in calorimetry. It is presupposed that enough processes exist physically to allow measurement of differences in internal energies. Such processes are not restricted to adiabatic transfers of energy as work. They include calorimetry, which is the commonest practical way of finding internal energy differences. The needed temperature can be either empirical or absolute thermodynamic.
In contrast, the Carathéodory way recounted just above does not use calorimetry or temperature in its primary definition of quantity of energy transferred as heat. The Carathédory way regards calorimetry only as a secondary or indirect way of measuring quantity of energy transferred as heat. As recounted in more detail just above, the Carathéodory way regards quantity of energy transferred as heat in a process as primarily or directly defined as a residual quantity. It is calculated from the difference of the internal energies of the initial and final states of the system, and from the actual work done by the system during the process. That internal energy difference is supposed to have been measured in advance through processes of purely adiabatic transfer of energy as work, processes that take the system between the initial and final states. By the Carathéodory way it is presupposed as known from experiment that there actually physically exist enough such adiabatic processes, so that there need be no recourse to calorimetry for measurement of quantity of energy transferred as heat. This presupposition is essential but is explicitly labeled neither as a law of thermodynamics nor as an axiom of the Carathéodory way. In fact, the actual physical existence of such adiabatic processes is indeed mostly supposition, and those supposed processes have in most cases not been actually verified empirically to exist.
Heat transfer in engineering.
The discipline of heat transfer, typically considered an aspect of mechanical engineering and chemical engineering, deals with specific applied methods by which thermal energy in a system is generated, or converted, or transferred to another system. Although the definition of heat implicitly means the transfer of energy, the term "heat transfer" encompasses this traditional usage in many engineering disciplines and laymen language.
"Heat transfer" includes the mechanisms of heat conduction, thermal radiation, and mass transfer.
In engineering, the term "convective heat transfer" is used to describe the combined effects of conduction and fluid flow. From the thermodynamic point of view, heat flows into a fluid by diffusion to increase its energy, the fluid then transfers (advects) this increased internal energy (not heat) from one location to another, and this is then followed by a second thermal interaction which transfers heat to a second body or system, again by diffusion. This entire process is often regarded as an additional mechanism of heat transfer, although technically, "heat transfer" and thus heating and cooling occurs only on either end of such a conductive flow, but not as a result of flow. Thus, conduction can be said to "transfer" heat only as a net result of the process, but may not do so at every time within the complicated convective process.
Although distinct physical laws may describe the behavior of each of these methods, real systems often exhibit a complicated combination which are often described by a variety of complex mathematical methods.

</doc>
<doc id="19593200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593200" title="Bishop of Islington">
Bishop of Islington

The Bishop of Islington was an episcopal title used by a suffragan bishop of the Church of England Diocese of London, in the Province of Canterbury, England.
The title took its name after Islington, an inner-city district of London, and the only suffragan bishop, who lived at Clapton Common, was simultaneously Rector of St Andrew Undershaft. Since 1923, the title has remained in abeyance.

</doc>
<doc id="19593204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593204" title="Bid bond">
Bid bond

A bid bond is issued as part of a bidding process by the surety to the project owner, to in hopes guarantee that the winning bidder will undertake the contract under the terms at which they bid.
The cash deposit is subject to full or partial forfeiture if the winning contractor fails to either execute the contract or provide the required performance and/or payment bonds. The bid bond assures and guarantees that should the bidder be successful, the bidder will execute the contract and provide the required surety bonds.
A Bid Bond is purchased when a contractor, or the “principal”, is bidding on a tendered contract.
The Bid Bond prequalifies the principal and provides the necessary security to the owner or general contractor, or “oblige”, guaranteeing that the principal will enter into the contract, if it is awarded.
A Bid Bond guarantees that the “oblige” will be paid the difference between the principal's tender price and the next closest tender price. This action is only triggered should the principal be awarded the contract but fails to enter into the contract, as agreed, with the obligee. The bid bond penalty is generally ten percent of the bidder's tender price. Contractors prefer the use of Bid Bonds because they are a less expensive option and they do not tie up cash or bank credit lines during the bidding process. Owners and general contractors also use Bid Bonds because they establish and confirm that the bidding contractor or supplier has the support of a Surety Company and is qualified to undertake the project.

</doc>
<doc id="19593227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593227" title="Magnetic diffusivity">
Magnetic diffusivity

The magnetic diffusivity is a parameter in plasma physics. It appears in the Magnetic Reynolds number. The magnetic diffusivity is defined as:

</doc>
<doc id="19593232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593232" title="Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida">
Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida

The Fountain of the Mermaid of Lleida is a fountain located in the Parc des Champs Elysees in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain. It features a mermaid holding in a hand a conch, which released the water. The fountain is surrounded by a garden. 
It once took the form of a nymph, which was replaced by a mermaid in 1982, due to the deterioration of the original statue. This is the most famous monument in the park, and the second most visited site in the city, behind the cathedral La Seu Vella.

</doc>
<doc id="19593284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593284" title="Pavle Delibašić">
Pavle Delibašić

Pavle Delibašić (, born 30 November 1978) is a Serbian footballer. He had previously played for Spartak Subotica, Bosnian FK Leotar Trebinje, FK Čukarički Stankom, Chinese Chongqing Lifan and Greek Kallithea F.C., back in Serbia with FK Zemun and with Bulgarian Minyor Pernik and FK Banat Zrenjanin.
Career.
He was born in Kosovska Mitrovica, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia. In season 1995/96 as 17-years old Pavle played for the junior team of Red Star Belgrade, but he never played for the first team. In 2003 with FK Leotar Trebinje Delibašić played in qualifying rounds of Champions League after winning the 2002–03 Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In July 2003 he scored goal in 2nd qualifying round in a match against Slavia Praha, but the result of the match was a 1:2 loss for Leotar. The forward played 26 matches in 2003–04 and scored 11 goals. In summer 2004 he returned in Serbia and signed with FK Čukarički Stankom. One year later gone in Chinese Chongqing Lifan. In season 2007/2008 Delibašić played for Greek Kallithea F.C..
Delibašić signed a 2-year deal with Lokomotiv Plovdiv after being released from Kallithea F.C. in 2008. He has been given the №9 shirt. Delibašić made his official debut for Lokomotiv in a match against Slavia Sofia on 27 September 2008. He played for 33 minutes. The result of the match was a 0:2 loss for Loko.
On 2 October 2008 he scored his first goals for Lokomotiv Plovdiv against Lokomotiv Sofia. He scored two goals in the 32nd and 34th minute. The result of the match was a 3:2 win for Loko.
Honours.
Club:
Personal:

</doc>
<doc id="19593298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593298" title="Sierra Forest Reserve">
Sierra Forest Reserve

The Sierra Forest Reserve was a federal reserve in the Sierra Nevada, in eastern California. It was established on February 14, 1893 by President Benjamin Harrison with authorization from section 24 of the Forest Reserve Act of 1891. It was the largest reserve with over , and was the second reserve established. The first was the San Gabriel Timberland Reserve.
Initiation.
The Sierra Reserve beginnings, like the San Gabriel Reserve, were by petitions sent to the US Congress from Tulare County officials wanting to stop the damage in the Sierra Nevada by timber and livestock commercial interests.
The General Land Office which was responsible for management of public lands, sent Benjamin Allen to investigate and report back, which he did, recommending a set aside of land called Tulare Reserve. He originally had five million acres (20,000 km²) to six million acres (24,000 km²) for this reserve in his report.
Support.
The majority of local citizens were supportive, any protests heard were coming from the sheepmen. Conservationist and later Venice, California founder Abbot Kinney and "Century" magazine editor Robert Underwood Johnson gave their support of the proposed set aside.
Establishment.
Benjamin Allen, in his final report, reduced the size and changed the name to Sierra Forest Reserve. The new reserve bordered most of Yosemite National Park with its western boundary almost surrounding General Grant and Sequoia national parks. Its lands are now primarily part of the Sierra National Forest.
Footnotes.
References.
Godfrey, Anthony "The Ever-Changing View-A History of the National Forests in California" USDA Forest Service Publishers, 2005 ISBN 1-59351-428-X

</doc>
<doc id="19593336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593336" title="University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA - GMA Campus">
University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA - GMA Campus

The University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA - GMA Campus or simply Perpetual GMA, is an extension program of UPHS Laguna.
The GMA Campus started its operations on June 1997 with a total enrollment of 333 students, broken down as follows: 238 for preparatory, elementary and business high school levels, and 95 college students. The academic operations of GMA Campus are under the technical control and supervision of the University of Perpetual Help System Laguna.

</doc>
<doc id="19593345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593345" title="Zaza Janashia">
Zaza Janashia

Zaza Zurabovich Janashia (born 10 February 1976 in Tbilisi) is a retired Georgian professional football player. Currently, Janashia works in children's sports school "Lokomotiv-Perovo" in Moscow.
Career.
In Lokomotiv's 1998–99 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup campaign, he scored to put Lokomotiv ahead 1-0 in their first semifinal game against S.S. Lazio. Lazio equalized and then advanced to the finals after 0-0 draw in Rome.
Janashia was loaned back to FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi in April 2002.
Janashia had a brief spell in the Turkish Super Lig with Kocaelispor.
International career.
Janashia made his Georgia debut on 7 June 1997 against Moldova, a 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA). He also played 5 times in friendlies, three times in UEFA Euro 2000 qualifying, and played his last match in 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA), against Romania on 28 March 2001.
Personal life.
He is the brother of Zamir Janashia.

</doc>
<doc id="19593348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593348" title="KHLA">
KHLA

KHLA (92.9 FM, branded as "92-9 the Lake") is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Hits format. Licensed to Jennings, Louisiana, USA. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media Lake Charles License, LLC. 

</doc>
<doc id="19593353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593353" title="René Haby">
René Haby

René Haby (9 October 1919, in Dombasle-sur-Meurthe – 6 February 2003) was a French politician. He had been a prisoner of war during World War II.
He was a member of the Union for French Democracy. From 28 May 1974 until 5 April 1978 he was Minister of National Education.

</doc>
<doc id="19593358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593358" title="Jacksonville Beaches">
Jacksonville Beaches

The Jacksonville Beaches, known locally as the "Beaches" or simply the "Beach", are a group of towns and communities on the northern half of an unnamed barrier island on the US state of Florida's First Coast, all of which are suburbs or parts of the city of Jacksonville. These communities are separated from the main body of the city of Jacksonville by the Intracoastal Waterway. The Jacksonville Beaches are located in Duval and northern St. Johns County, and make up part of the Jacksonville metropolitan area. The population of the beaches in 2009 is 68,118. The main communities generally identified as part of the Beaches are Mayport, Atlantic Beach, Neptune Beach, Jacksonville Beach, and Ponte Vedra Beach.
Area.
The Jacksonville Beaches communities are all located on an unnamed barrier island defined by the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the St. Johns River to the north, and the Intracoastal Waterway to the west. The island was actually originally a peninsula until 1912, when a 10-mile channel was dug connecting the San Pablo and Tolomato Rivers, facilitating the Intracoastal Waterway and separating the land from the mainland. The island has no official name; beginning in the 21st century there has been a push to name it San Pablo Island.
The northernmost of the beach communities is Mayport, in Duval County. Since the consolidation of the Jacksonville and Duval County governments in 1968, Mayport has been within the city limits of Jacksonville. Most of Mayport is currently occupied by Naval Station Mayport, a major U.S. Navy base. Moving south along the coastline are three incorporated towns, also within Duval County: Atlantic Beach, Neptune Beach, and Jacksonville Beach. All three maintain their own municipal governments, however, residents receive county-level services from Jacksonville and vote for Jacksonville's mayor and City Council. Continuing south into St. Johns County is Ponte Vedra Beach. Typically, only the communities on the northern part of the island are considered the Beaches; areas to the south such as Vilano Beach are usually not included. The Palm Valley area of St. Johns County, much of which is also located on the island, is sometimes considered part of the Beaches.
The parts of Duval County on the other side of the Intracoastal are sometimes known as the West Beaches. Further inland are Jacksonville's Arlington and Southside areas.
History.
The first inhabitants of the Jacksonville Beaches area were Native Americans. Like most of the Jacksonville area the region was inhabited by the Timucua people at the time of European contact. 
Mayport was the first part of the beaches to see any concentrated population growth, when a small community of fishermen and river pilots grew up there, especially following the U.S. purchase of Florida in 1821. However, the entire Beaches area remained very sparsely populated until the end of the 19th century, when they were developed as resorts. Jacksonville Beach, originally known as Ruby and then as Pablo Beach, grew around the series of luxury hotels built in the area. Further growth was facilitated by a railroad connecting the town to Jacksonville. Atlantic Beach also grew as a resort community around a large hotel, and smaller hotels were built at Mayport. Neptune Beach seceded from Jacksonville Beach in 1931 and incorporated as its own town.
Ponte Vedra Beach and Palm Valley remained much more rustic into the 20th century. Palm Valley, especially, mostly consisted of farmland. In 1914 mineral deposits were discovered at Ponte Vedra, after which point it grew as the town of Mineral City. Following World War I real estate development began in the area and the name was changed to Ponte Vedra Beach.
Relations between the Beaches and the Jacksonville city government have at times been tense. The three incorporated towns in Duval County have fought with the city over the ways taxes and government services are shared; this led to a lawsuit in 1979, which established an interlocal agreement. The Beaches governments took up a second lawsuit in 1993 alleging a breach of the agreement, and members of the Jacksonville City Council sought to review the charter in 2006, angering locals. During much of this time the Beaches threatened forming their own county, "Ocean County", though this was resolved following the election of Neptune Beach resident John Delaney as Mayor of Jacksonville in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19593379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593379" title="Hot">
Hot

Hot or HOT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19593388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593388" title="Kalak">
Kalak

Kalak or Kelek or Kelak or Kalek () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19593409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593409" title="Duke of Frías">
Duke of Frías

Duke of Frías is a hereditary title created in 1492 by King Ferdinand II of Aragon. It became one of the most important titles in Spain.
The House of Velasco was one of the most powerful and influential noble Castilian families of the Middle Ages and the beginning of the Modern Era. Its original territories were situated around Burgos, Álava and eastern Cantabria. The founder of this lineage was Juan de Velasco (1368–1418), Lord High Chamberlain-Chancellor "Camarero mayor" to the kings of Castile. His elder son, Pedro Fernández de Velasco, became the first count of Haro. 
When the first count died in the 1470s, he was succeeded by his eldest son Pedro Fernández de Velasco, 2nd Count of Haro. Pedro Fernández de Velasco became the hereditary constable of Castile, a title which previously had been only a life appointment. His son, Don Bernardino de Velasco, third Count of Haro and second hereditary constable of Castile, received the title of duke of Frías.

</doc>
<doc id="19593425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593425" title="Pleasure One">
Pleasure One

Pleasure One is the fourth album by the British synthpop group Heaven 17, released in 1986 by Virgin Records. It was the band's last studio album chart entry within the UK Top 100.
Track listing.
"All tracks written by Gregory/Marsh/Ware."

</doc>
<doc id="19593440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593440" title="Hazel Crowney">
Hazel Crowney

Hazel Crowney also spelled as Hazel Croney is a British model and film actress who has appeared in many ad campaigns and some Bollywood films.
Early life.
Crowney was born in the United Kingdom to English parents Karin and Phil Crowney. she has two younger sisters (one named Robyn). Crowney grew up in Grosvenor Park, Chester, England, she completed her schooling from Bennett Memorial School in Tunbridge Wells, UK. Later, she studied fashion and textiles at West Kent College.
Career.
Crowney's entry Bollywood came by chance in 2004 when she was backpacking in Thailand and stumbled upon an Indian film being shot there. So came her first appearance in a Bollywood film was in the item song "Leke Pehla Pehla Pyaar". She was an extra in the film "Janasheen". With little prior knowledge of the sub-continent, she was attracted by the music and dance, and decided to try her luck in Mumbai.
She went on to do few advertisements for Ponds, Nokia, HSBC and Samsung before landing with her first proper role in the film "MP3 - Mera Pehla Pehla Pyaar" in 2007. She also worked in shows, for which she got highly paid.
In 2010, Crowney along with other non-Indian actresses like Alice Patten were asked to leave Bollywood by Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), a Mumbai based political party. They campaigned for a ban on the estimated 1,000 British and other foreign actors who regularly appear in Bollywood films accusing them of stealing jobs from local girls.
Crowney is going to perform in an item song named 'Reshma Ki Jawani' for the film "Kaash Tum Hote" which is due for release in 2013. She will also in appear an item song in the upcoming Telugu action-drama "Shankara".

</doc>
<doc id="19593442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593442" title="Bennett Reimer">
Bennett Reimer

Bennett Reimer (June 19, 1932 – November 18, 2013) held the John W. Beattie Endowed Chair in Music at Northwestern University from 1978 until retirement in 1997, where he was Chair of the Music Education Department, Director of the Ph.D. program in Music Education, and founder and Director of the Center for the Study of Education and the Musical Experience, a research group of Ph.D. students and faculty. A native of New York City where he was born in 1932, he previously was on the faculties of Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio (1965–1978) where he held the Kulas Endowed Chair in Music and was Chair of the Music Education Department; the University of Illinois, Urbana (1960–1965); Madison College, Harrisonburg, Virginia (1958–1960); and the Richmond Professional Institute of the College of William and Mary, (1955–1957). He holds the bachelor's degree in Music Education from the State University of New York at Fredonia, and master's and doctorate degrees in Music Education from the University of Illinois, where he worked with Charles Leonhard and Harry Broudy. Beginning his career in music as a clarinetist and then oboist, Reimer then became a specialist in the philosophy of music education, curriculum development, theory of research, and comprehensive arts education programs.
Publications.
Reimer’s book "A Philosophy of Music Education", first published in 1970, a second edition in 1989, and a third edition, "A Philosophy of Music Education: Advancing the Vision", in 2003, (Prentice Hall) has been translated into French, Japanese, and Chinese, with a Greek edition in preparation. He was the author and editor of some two dozen other books and has written over 145 articles and chapters on a variety of topics in music and arts education. Reimer’s textbooks on music for grades one through eight, Silver Burdett Music, were the most widely used throughout the United States and the world for two decades.
Professional contributions.
As a participant in the professional life of his field, Reimer served on the editorial boards of all the major journals; was National Chairman of the Music Educators National Conference () Committee on Aesthetic Education; was MENC liaison for Arts Education Initiatives: represented MENC as a member of The Alliance for Curriculum Reform and the Aesthetic Education Curriculum Program sponsored by the U.S. Office of Education; was a member of the six-person task force that wrote the National Standards for Music Education; and was one of six Commission Authors of position papers for the MENC Vision 2020 Project(The Housewright Symposium / Vision 2020). He was Director of a three-year research project on the general music curriculum sponsored by the U.S. Office of Education; was a research exchange scholar studying music education practices from Kindergarten through Conservatory in China for a 3-month period in 1986, sponsored by the Chinese government and Harvard Project Zero; was for six years Co-Director and Principal Consultant for the teacher education project “Education for Aesthetic Awareness: The Cleveland Area Project for the Arts in the Schools;” and for five years was a member of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund Awards Committee for Exemplary School Arts Programs. 
Reimer presented many keynote addresses and lectures each year throughout the United States and the world, including appearances in England, Japan, Saudi Arabia, New Zealand, The Netherlands, Canada, Hong Kong, Ireland, South Africa, China, and Australia. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from DePaul University, Chicago, in 1997. Also in 1997 he was designated the third “Legend of Teaching” in the history of the Northwestern University School of Music. A special double issue of "The Journal of Aesthetic Education", "Musings: Essays in Honor of Bennett Reimer," was published in Winter 2000. In 2002, Reimer was inducted into the Music Educators Hall of Fame. In 2008 he was the recipient of the MENC Senior Researcher Award.
Death.
Reimer died in Wilmette, Illinois on November 18, 2013, aged 81.
Education record.
State University of New York, College at Fredonia. B.S. 1954.
University of Illinois, Urbana. M.S. 1955.
University of Illinois, Urbana. Ed.D. 1963.
Educational employment.
1955-1957 Richmond Professional Institute of the College of William and Mary, Richmond, VA. Instructor. Band Director; woodwinds; theory; conducting; music appreciation.
1958-1960 Madison College, Harrisonburg, VA. Assistant Professor. Wind Ensembles; woodwinds; theory; conducting; music appreciation. Director of Music, Campus Laboratory School.
1960-1965 University of Illinois, Urbana. Instructor, Assistant Professor. Foundations of Music Education. Music and College Placement Consultant, University of Illinois Educational Placement Office.
1965-1978 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH. Kulas Professor of Music, 1971-78; Director of Music Education.
1978-1997 Northwestern University, Evanston, IL. John W. Beattie Professor of Music; Chairman of Music Education; Founder and Director, Center for the Study of Education and the Musical Experience.
Viewpoint.
Reimer's viewpoint is that only "good music" (music evoking a feeling) should be taught. Teachers will have a firm pedagogical base and sensitivity, all will learn music because it helps us develop self-knowledge.

</doc>
<doc id="19593443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593443" title="Wright F2W">
Wright F2W

The Wright F2W was an American racing aircraft built by Wright Aeronautical Corporation for the US Navy.
Development and design.
The F2W was ordered by the US Navy to enter in the 1923 Pulitzer Trophy. Wright built the aircraft primarily of wood, covered in fabric, and was powered by the Wright T-3 Tornado engine. The first F2W flew for the first time on 2 August 1923.
Operational history.
During the Pulitzer Race, the first F2W ran out of fuel and crashed. The second F2W, which carried twice as much fuel, finished third at 230.06 mph (370.25 km/h). It was later converted into a floatplane to take part in the 1924 Schneider Trophy race. During testing it was very unstable, and crashed into the sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19593445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593445" title="KJMH">
KJMH

KJMH (107.5 FM, branded as "107 Jamz") is a radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary format. Licensed to Lake Arthur, Louisiana, USA. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media Lake Charles License, LLC. 
History.
In 1997, Lafayette's KRKA switched frequencies from 107.7 to 107.9, opening up the door for a new station in Lake Charles to be operated at 107.5 MHz without any interference. Progressive Communications, Inc. filed for a full power station at 107.5 and was granted one by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) within weeks. After months of construction, the station finally signed on the air on October 10, 1997 as "Krawfish 107" with the callsigns KRAW. 
Sometime in 2000, Krawfish 107, along with sister stations LA99 (now Gator 99.5), KJEF 92.9 (now 92-9 The Lake) and KJEF 1290 AM were sold to Apex Broadcasting, Inc., a small radio station company based in South Carolina.
On August 1, 2000, Apex Broadcasting flipped 107.5 from Country to Urban Contemporary as ""V107.5"" with the callsigns changed to KVEE.
There are many reasons why the format was switched. Krawfish 107 was likely put on the air only to cut into Kicks 96's ratings. It was basically all just to cover for LA99; Krawfish 107's sister station. LA99 was always the popular AC station in Lake Charles, beating out B104 (now 103.3 Jack FM) but never Kicks 96. And for Progressive Communications, Inc. to put Country on 107.5 would be a win-win situation to keep those ratings going to LA99. 
On February 26, 2004 the format was changed again, as "107 Jamz" with the callsigns changed to KJMH and expanding the format to include Hip Hop. 
In 2008, Apex Broadcasting sold the station, along with sister stations KHLA, KJEF, KLCL, KNGT, and KTSR to Gap Broadcasting, LLC. What eventually became Gap Central Broadcasting (following the formation of GapWest Broadcasting) was folded into Townsquare Media on August 13, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19593446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593446" title="List of French in Action episodes">
List of French in Action episodes

This is a list of episodes of the French-language television series "French in Action".
Orientation.
Leçon 1: Orientation.
An introduction to "French in Action": its creation, its components, and its functioning. How to work with the video programs and how to integrate them with the audio and print components. This is the only program in English; the others are entirely in French.
Planning and Anticipating.
Greeting and leave-taking; talking about health; expressing surprise; planning and anticipating; expressing decisiveness and indecisiveness. Subject pronouns; masculine and feminine adjectives and nouns; definite and indefinite articles; immediate future; agreement in gender and number; "aller; être;" present indicative of "-er" verbs.
Leçon 2: Planning and Anticipating I.
"Lesson 2 takes us from a classroom into the streets of Paris. A young woman named Mireille is hurrying to school. On her way, she exchanges greetings with several friends and acquaintances, a professor, and her Aunt Georgette, all of whom speak French."
Leçon 3: Planning and Anticipating II.
"Back in the French class, the teacher announces that we are going to invent a story of two young people: an American man and a French woman. We'll invent friends and adventures for them. It should be fun and useful for learning French, he says. Let's hope so."
Leçon 4: Planning and Anticipating III.
"What kind of story should we invent to learn French? A novel? A comedy? A detective thriller? In a preview of things to come, we see our young American arriving in France. His companions will take public transportation to a student dorm. He will take a taxi to the Latin Quarter."
Names and Origins.
Numbers; expressing age; giving commands; necessity; negation. Numbers 1-29; "avoir; avoir" in expressions of age; "ne ... pas;" imperatives of "-er" verbs; "il faut" and infinitives.
Leçon 5: Names and Origins.
"Our two characters must have names. She will be Mireille, and he, Robert. She gets working parents and two sisters, one married. Robert is an only child. His mother is French. His parents are divorced, his mother remarried. Robert just may have a few hangups."
Physical Characteristics.
Reality and appearance; describing oneself; talking about sports. Numbers 30-100; "faire; aimer" and "faire" with sports; questions with intonation, inversion, and "est-ce que".
Leçon 6: Physical Characteristics I.
"What will Mireille look like? On the petite side, perhaps, but healthy, athletic, strong; long slender fingers, oval face, long blond hair, blues eyes. She has a quick, lively mind and a certain fondness for poking fun."
Leçon 7: Physical Characteristics II.
"A Portrait of Robert: medium height, slim, athletic. He has a strong chin, brown hair, and dark eyes. He's smart. Maybe just a bit less quick than Mireille, but calmer, more indulgent. What will happen when these two meet? Will they meet?"
Kinship.
Talking about family relationships; asking the identity of people and things. Numbers 100-999,000,000; dates; partitive; possessive adjectives.
Leçon 8: Kinship.
"A look at Mireille's family tree. We learn about many relatives, going all the way back to her great grandparents. On an impromptu visit to the family's country house, we meet many of these characters, including Mireille's ten-year-old sister, who has a mind of her own."
Describing Others.
Describing others; talking about games; expressing agreement and disagreement; talking about time; talking about the weather. Present tense with "il y a ... que" and "ça fait ... que;" possessive and demonstrative adjectives; stressed pronouns; "venir; savoir" versus "connaître".
Leçon 9: Describing Others I.
"Lesson 9 takes us back a few years to vacation time in Brittany. It's raining. Mireille, her sisters and cousins decide to pass the time by playing a game of portraits. The game is interrupted by a minor accident."
Leçon 10: Describing Others II.
"It's a rainy day in Brittany. Mireille, her sisters and cousins tire of their game of portraits and check to see what's playing at the movies. Meanwhile, the sun has come out, and Cécile, moved by the spirit of adventure, goes for a sail."
Encounters.
Starting a conversation; talking about seasons and time of day; exclamations; talking about studies; referring to lack and abundance; expressing approval and disapproval; reacting to compliments; expressing politeness. Immediate past with "venir de"; direct object pronouns; reflexive verbs; imperative and pronouns; demonstrative adjectives and pronouns; interrogative adjectives and pronouns; "parler" versus "dire"; imperfect; imperfect of "être" and "avoir".
Leçon 11: Encounters I.
"In Lesson 11, the stage is set for our two heroes to meet. It's a beautiful spring morning. Robert sets off to explore the Latin Quarter, and Mireille, relaxing in the Luxembourg Garden, has an unwelcome encounter."
Leçon 12: Encounters II.
"In Lesson 12, our American, Robert, is exploring the Latin Quarter. He follows some student strikers into the courtyard of the Sorbonne. Mireille, who is on her way to school, ends up by pure chance in the same place."
Leçon 13: Encounters III.
"Our two heroes have just caught each other's eye and stand smiling in the courtyard of the Sorbonne. On an upper floor, Jean-Pierre, the pickup artist, reveals the tricks of his trade to a not-very-appreciative audience.
Leçon 14: Encounters IV.
"Robert and Mireille meet in the courtyard of the Sorbonne. They're getting to know each other, when Mireille realizes that she's late for an appointment. She rushes off, leaving Robert to contemplate the spring day, and write a postcard to his mother."
Occupations.
Talking about work; degrees of assent; days and months of the year; buying and spending; approximating; talking about years and centuries. "Aller" versus "venir"; prepositions; contractions of definite article with "de" and "à"; adverbial pronouns "y" and "en; vouloir, pouvoir; c'est" versus "il/elle est; ne ... plus, ne ... jamais;" pronoun "on"; indirect object pronouns; formation of adverbs.
Leçon 15: Occupations I.
"Robert is looking for Mireille. Just as he has given up hope, she comes up to him at a café, and they walk again to the Luxembourg Garden. Lo and behold, they discover they have an acquaintance in common. Robert then makes another interesting discovery: Mireille has a younger sister."
Leçon 16: Occupations II.
"Marie-Laure has sent her sister on a wild goose chase. When Mireille returns, Robert tries to persuade her to join him in calling on Madame Courtois. It's just his luck that Mireille has already planned a trip to Chartres. Ever resourceful, Robert has a brainstorm - could he join her?"
Leçon 17: Occupations III.
"Robert and Mireille are talking about family names, like Taylor, that are also names of trades or professions. They compare notes on their childhood ambitions, recalling their dreams of being a fireman, a sailor, a nurse, an actress."
Leçon 18: Occupations IV.
"Robert and Mireille are sharing stories of people they know who have ended up not doing quite what they had originally planned. As they muse about the twists and turns of fate, Mireille wants to know what Robert intends to do. Invite her for a drink, that's what!"
Education.
Identification and description; talking about occupations; talking back; excusing oneself; expressing incredulity. "Passé composé; plaire"; negation with "jamais, rien, personne; mettre, boire; passé composé" and direct object pronouns; "savoir" and infinitives; agreement of past participle with "avoir".
Leçon 19: Education I.
"Robert and Mireille are having an aperitif and discussing their high school days. After years of hard study at high school, Mireille is delighted to be at the university. She's especially enthusiastic about one of her art history teachers. Robert is not amused."
Leçon 20: Education II.
"Robert and Mireille are talking about school. Robert, no doubt trying to impress Mireille, launches into a wholesale condemnation of the educational system. He has taken a leave of absence from college to 'find himself.' 'Poor thing,' says Mireille, 'were you lost?'"
Leçon 21: Education III.
"Over their third aperitif, Robert and Mireille are discussing education. Robert dismisses school learning as useless. Mireille springs to the defense of education and culture. Neither seems to notice that a strange man in black has taken an interest in their conversation."
Getting Around.
Using the telephone; receiving invitations; expressing optimism and pessimism. "Passé composé" of reflexive verbs; "passé composé" with "être"; agreement of past participles; future.
Leçon 22: Getting Around I.
"It's noon-time, and Mireille has left Robert to return home for lunch. After several unsuccessful attempts, Robert finally manages to place a telephone call to Madame Courtois. She's a great talker, and Robert can't get a word in edgewise, but he does get an invitation for dinner."
Leçon 23: Getting Around II.
"Robert has been invited to dinner at the Courtois', and he tries to convince Mireille to get herself invited too. Mireille doesn't commit herself, and Robert spends the next forty-eight hours wondering if she'll be there. He then gets hopelessly lost trying to get to the Courtois' apartment."
Food and Drink.
Talking about food and drink; ordering in a restaurant; thanking hosts. Future of irregular verbs; relative pronouns "qui" and "que"; imperative with direct and indirect object pronouns; position of "en" with object pronouns;" ne ... que"; expressions of quantity; vowel change "e/è".
Leçon 24: Food and Drink I.
"Robert arrives at the Courtois' apartment - no Mireille. Then a moment later, she shows up. The dinner is delicious, but Robert is a little irritated by Monsieur Courtois' fixation on gastronomy. He'd love to take Mireille home, but all he can do is ask for her phone number."
Leçon 25: Food and Drink II.
"It's morning. Robert gets up, has breakfast, and sets out to explore Paris. He visits an open air market near his hotel, then crosses the Seine to the Right Bank. He ends up at a restaurant, where he is distracted by a scene between a fussy customer and a hapless waiter."
Leçon 26: Food and Drink III.
"In a good restaurant, Robert notices a young couple at a nearby table. She is blond and Robert thinks she may be Mireille, but he can't tell. The chef has named several dishes after an old girlfriend of his, another Mireille, who died of ingestion. Touching!"
"(Note: the couple in question are Mireille's sister Cecilé and her husband Jean-Denis.)"
Transportation and Travel.
Expressing fear; insisting; talking about means of transportation; talking about cars; expressing admiration; making suggestions. Pluperfect; conditional; conditional and imperfect; past conditional; compound tenses and past participles; agreement of past participles; expressions of time.
Leçon 27: Transportation and Travel I.
"Mireille is going to Chartres, and Robert invites himself along. Robert nearly gets lost in the Métro, on his way to meet Mireille at the station, but they board the train on time. On the way, Mireille suggest that they use the familiar "tu". Progress!"
Leçon 28: Transportation and Travel II.
"The train arrive in Chartres right on time. Robert and Mireille have a bite to eat, and then visit the cathedral together. Robert is deeply moved by the beauty of the place and of his companion. But when she leaves briefly to visit a nearby museum, he imagines he's being betrayed."
Leçon 29: Transportation and Travel III.
"Returning to Paris, Robert and Mireille get seats on a crowded train, unaware that they are sharing the compartment with a mysterious man in black. Tonight, Mireille must visit a friend in Saint Germaine, tomorrow one in Provin. Robert, ever jealous, spends hours trying to find her."
Leçon 30: Transportation and Travel IV.
"Robert is determined to find Mireille. He rents a car and gets directions to Provins. But he turns to follow a sports car driven by a young woman who might be Mireille. By the time he realizes his mistake, he is 300 kilometers off course, lost in the wine country of Burgundy."
Leçon 31: Transportation and Travel V.
"Mireille arranges to borrow a car from her uncle to visit a friend in Provin. When it won't start, the garage man lends her a lemon, which gives her all kinds of trouble. Back home, she tries to call Robert, but he's still out doing research on the fine wines of Burgundy."
Habitat.
Asking one's way; talking about housing; protesting; expressing satisfaction and dissatisfaction. Imperfect and "passé composé"; irregular imperatives; causative "faire; faire" versus "rendre; en" and present participle; "ni ... ni".
Leçon 32: Habitat I.
"Mireille's parents have invited Robert for dinner. He finds the Belleau apartment with a little help from someone who turns out to be a TV weatherman. He gets a guided tour. Mireille warns Robert that another friend, the super-aristocratic Hubert, is yet to come."
Leçon 33: Habitat II.
"At the Belleau's dinner table, Hubert is doing his aristocratic number when the conversation turns to low-rent housing for workers. When Hubert says that "those people" were no worse off a hundred years ago without modern conveniences, Robert explodes."
Leçon 34: Habitat III.
"More table talk about real estate and the ruined farmhouse the Belleaus have fixed up as a country home. The doorbell rings, and Marie-Laure is sent to see who it is. She returns with a story about a fake nun with a big mustache selling raffle tickets."
Leçon 35: Habitat IV.
"The doorbell again! Marie-Laure reports that it was a man in black asking if she had a sister who looked like an actress. She sent him away, and Mireille is outraged. Maybe that was her big chance. Meanwhile, Robert tries in vain to arrange room and board at the Belleaus.
Entertainment.
Talking about entertainment; calming others down; expressing restriction; expressing reservations; expressing doubt; expressing enthusiasm. Indefinite expressions; subjunctive; subjunctive of irregular verbs; subjunctive with "falloir" and expressions of doubt; position of "souvent, toujours, jamais;" verbs in "-yer; personne" and "rien" as subjects and objects.
Leçon 36: Entertainment I.
"After the after-dinner drinks, everyone says goodnight except Mireille and Robert. They decide, after consulting the entertainment guides, to see the film Love in the Afternoon the following day, in the afternoon. They arrange to meet at a café near the movie theater."
Leçon 37: Entertainment II.
"Waiting at a café near the movie theater, Mireille notices a man in black behaving strangely nearby. Robert is almost on time. He's impatient with the commercial stuff that precedes the movie, and love in the afternoon turns out to be much closer to PG than to R."
Leçon 38: Entertainment III.
"After the movie, Robert and Mireille wander toward the Champs-Élysées. Robert thinks he has lost his passport. They discuss cinema. Mireille prefers action on the screen, and she admires some of the old silents. A rude soldier on furlough falls, in a way, for Mireille."
Leçon 39: Entertainment IV.
"In a café, Mireille and Robert talk about the many theaters of Paris. Hubert and Jean-Pierre appear by coincidence, invite themselves to sit down, and contribute their strong opinions to the discussion. And here's that strange man in black, behaving strangely again."
Leçon 40: Entertainment V.
"Our four characters discuss theatrical forms (stage versus film, immediacy versus permanence, etc.), while the man in black sends signals by Morse code with his eyes. Jean-Pierre argues the merits of the circus. The strange nun replaces the strange man."
Getting and Spending.
Talking about money; buying and selling; announcing good and bad news; expressing indifference; talking about good and bad luck; expressing preference. Subjunctive in conditional sentences with conjunctions in relative clauses; "personne" and "rien" with compound tenses; position of "déjà" and "encore; plus rien, jamais rien;" comparatives and superlatives; superlative and subjunctive; relative pronouns "ce qui, ce que;" demonstrative pronouns.
Leçon 41: Getting and Spending I.
"Robert gets stuck with a café tab. As he is paying, the waiter's tray drops, and Robert learns that in France broken glass brings good luck. So Robert and Mireille buy a lottery ticket that is sure to be a winner. Thursday's paper will tell them how much they won."
Leçon 42: Getting and Spending II.
"They won the lottery - 40,000 francs! But how to spend it? Robert wants to travel around France. Mireille won't commit herself, but she agrees to look at camping equipment. They hail a taxi, but the man in black, already inside, tries to pull Mireille in."
Leçon 43: Getting and Spending III.
"Robert and Mireille look at camping gear. Robert stays in the department store to buy clothing, and Mireille rushes off to have lunch with Hubert. She runs into the incorrigible Jean-Pierre, and they talk about broken glass, spilled salt, and other superstitions."
Leçon 44: Getting and Spending IV.
"Mireille tells Hubert she's won the lottery. He strongly disapproves of the lottery, although he has been known to play the horses. Robert and a shoe salesman have a misunderstanding about sizes, and Aunt Georgette tells the story of the one that got away."
Leçon 45: Getting and Spending V.
"Uncle Guillaume urges Mireille to spend her lottery money on memorable meals, but Mireille prefers Robert's plan to travel around France. Robert continues to have misunderstandings with salesmen, this time about underwear, and he takes a hair-raising taxi ride."
Geography and Tourism.
Talking about countries and regions; exaggerating; confirming; insisting; expressing perplexity. Conditional in intentional expressions; "dont"; pronoun "tout"; possessive pronouns; irregular subjunctives; subjunctive in subordinate clauses; future in the past; "penser de" versus "penser à"; articles and prepositions with geographical names.
Leçon 46: Geography and Tourism I.
"Hubert offers his little car, and himself, for the trip around France. Collette agrees to be a fourth. Then Mireille invites another friend, the leftist Jean-Michel. After a lot of fast talking, she gets everyone to accept what promises to be a crowded and argumentative quintet."
Leçon 47: Geography and Tourism II.
"Our travelers are discussing where to go and what to see in France. Sparks fly between the right-wing Hubert and the radical Jean-Michel. Bicycles might be better than a crowded car. The tentative decision? A reverse Tour de France, starting in Normandy, where the food is excellent."
Leçon 48: Geography and Tourism III.
"Our travelers continue discussing their itinerary. It's possible to tour France by water, through coastal waters, rivers, and canals. Hubert and Jean-Michel disagree about the real France, and the man in black comes to the front door with an odd story about returning Marie-Laure's gumdrop."
Leçon 49: Geography and Tourism IV.
"Marie-Laure has gone out and not returned. Mireille panics. She and Robert search in vain, but Marie-Laure finally comes back. She tells a wild tale of following a fugitive man in black, then losing him in the Catacombs of Paris. Mireille doesn't believe a word."
Leçon 50: Geography and Tourism V.
"Our five travelers resume discussion of their itinerary. They need a theme: chateaux, churches, regional specialties? They fail to reach a consensus, but mention of the cider of Normandy awakens their thirst, and they adjourn to a nearby café."
Getting Away.
Referring to destination; levels of speech. Negative infinitive; imperatives and pronouns.
Leçon 51: Getting Away I.
"All the bit players pass by, from Uncle Guillaume, who has lost his fortune, to Aunt Georgette, who has won a pile in the lottery. She is off to the Taj Mahal with the one that got away. The man in black leaves some tantalizing notes about Mireille."
Leçon 52: Getting Away II.
"Underway at last! But the man in black is following, and Mireille and Robert leave their friends and try in vain to lose him. Robert is hurt in a fall, and Mireille endangered by fire, but all ends well, and that's, well, oh, good. Anyway, not bad."

</doc>
<doc id="19593455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593455" title="All in the golden afternoon...">
All in the golden afternoon...

"All in the golden afternoon" is Lewis Carroll's prefatory poem in his book "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" in which he recalls the afternoon on which he improvised the Alice in Wonderland story on a boat-trip from Oxford to Godstow, for the benefit of the three Liddell sisters, Lorina ("Prima"), Alice ("Secunda") and Edith ("Tertia").
The title was also used for an original song written for the 1951 adaptation of the book by Disney.
The German band Alphaville made a song using most of the poem as lyrics.
Full Text.
All in the golden afternoon 
Full leisurely we glide;
For both our oars, with little skill,
By little arms are plied,
While little hands make vain pretence
Our wanderings to guide.
Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour,
Beneath such dreamy weather,
To beg a tale of breath too weak
To stir the tiniest feather!
Yet what can one poor voice avail
Against three tongues together?
Imperious Prima flashes forth
Her edict to "begin it":
In gentler tones Secunda hopes
"There will be nonsense in it!" 
While Tertia interrupts the tale
Not "more" than once a minute.
Anon, to sudden silence won,
In fancy they pursue
The dream-child moving through a land
Of wonders wild and new,
In friendly chat with bird or beast—
And half believe it true.
And ever, as the story drained
The wells of fancy dry,
And faintly strove that weary one
To put the subject by,
"The rest next time—" "It "is" next time!"
The happy voices cry.
Thus grew the tale of Wonderland:
Thus slowly, one by one,
Its quaint events were hammered out—
And now the tale is done,
And home we steer, a merry crew,
Beneath the setting sun.
Alice! A childish story take,
And with a gentle hand,
Lay it where Childhood's dreams are twined
In Memory's mystic band,
Like pilgrim's wither'd wreath of flowers
Pluck'd in far-off land.

</doc>
<doc id="19593457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593457" title="Clark Hulings">
Clark Hulings

Clark Hulings (November 20, 1922 – February 2, 2011) was an American realist painter. He was born in Florida and raised in New Jersey. Clark also lived in Spain, New York, Louisiana, and throughout Europe before settling in Santa Fe, New Mexico, in the early 1970s. The travels did much to influence his keen eye for people in the state of accomplishing daily tasks.
His training as an artist began as a teenager with Sigismund Ivanowsky and George Bridgman, and concluded at the Art Students League of New York with Frank Reilly. Clark came back to the League to give a lecture in 2007.
After early careers in portraiture and illustration, he devoted himself to easel painting. A modern genre painter, he is best known for his elaborate European and Mexican market and street scenes, his still lifes of roses and his depictions of donkeys. For the past forty years Hulings’ art has been eagerly sought after by collectors, museums and corporations.
Early life and early career.
Clark Hulings was born in 1922 in Florida, where his father, Courtland Marcus Hulings, was the manager of a plant which produced a gas for fumigating orange trees. His mother died of tuberculosis when he was an infant, and he and his sister, Susan, were sent to live with their maternal grandparents in Potsdam, New York, for the next three years, while his father worked in Valencia, Spain. In Valencia, Hulings’ father, while representing American Cyanamid, courted and married Elena Harker, the 21-year-old daughter of Herbert Edward Harker, the British Consul in Valencia, and his wife, Julia Howard Harker. Courtland Hulings and Elena Harker were married in London, England, in 1925. The two children joined them abroad.
In 1928, the Hulings family returned to the United States, settling in Westfield, New Jersey, where Clark's younger sister, Elena, was born. At the age of twelve, his father arranged art lessons with Sigismund Ivanowski, a portrait and landscape painter who had served as Court Painter to Tsar Nicholas II. In his 1986 book "A Gallery of Paintings," Hulings credits his father with conveying to him his "great love of paintings." By the time Hulings graduated from school in 1940, the tuberculosis which had killed his mother left him in fragile health. He was unable to enter college. However, he did continue a limited schedule with Ivanowski, as well as with George Bridgman, the celebrated drawing teacher, at the Art Students League of New York.
In the fall of 1941, Hulings was well enough to enroll at Haverford College. After graduating in 1944 with a degree in Physics, he was appointed to work on the Manhattan Project in Los Alamos, New Mexico. Yet his recurring ill health prevented his acceptance into the program. Instead, he remained in Santa Fe to recuperate, supporting himself by painting pastel portraits of children. In the spring of 1945 he was given a one-man show of landscapes at the New Mexico Museum of Fine Art.
Portraiture and illustration.
In 1946 Hulings moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana where his parents lived at the time, and he had a one-man show of his work at the galleries of the Louisiana Art Commission. He included several portraits of family members and the show launched him on his successful career as a portrait painter. Hulings continued to paint landscapes and also became interested in design and illustration work, which led him back to The Art Students League for three years beginning in 1948 - this time as a student of Frank Reilly, a noted teacher and artist himself.
In 1951 he gained employment doing wash drawings for a newspaper mat agency that specializing in supermarket ads. He gradually moved up to paperback book covers and magazine illustrations, by 1955, his illustration career was firmly established.
But the lure of landscape painting sent him to Europe, first for four months, and later for almost three years. Over the course of his travels he studied figure painting in Florence, abstract design in Düsseldorf and roamed from the Arctic Circle to Southern Egypt.
Hulings returned to New York City in the fall of 1960 and resumed his illustration career to recoup finances. But he planned his work schedule to include serious easel painting.
Easel painting.
By 1962 Hulings was earning enough with his easel painting to devote all of his attention to his lifelong path. He was admitted to the Grand Central Art Galleries, which represented him for the next eight years and held one-man shows of his work in 1965 and 1967. Hulings also began placing paintings in competitive shows of realistic art, winning several prizes, including The Council of American Artists’ award at the Hudson Valley Art Association for Restaurante Vicente, and the gold medal given by the Allied Artists of America for Onteniente(Ontinyent). He moved back to the artistic and cultural magnet of Santa Fe, New Mexico after a doctor suggested that it would be good for his health, due to dormant tuberculosis that was being aggravated by New York City pollution.
In 1973 he garnered the first ever Prix de West award at the National Academy of Western Art (NAWA) in Oklahoma City for his painting "Grand Canyon - Kaibab Trail". This is an enormous oil that portrays a mule team barely navigating the Grand Canyon in deep winter snow. He went on to win three silver and two gold medals for both oil and watercolor at subsequent competitions at NAWA, part of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.
In 1976 A Collection of Oil Paintings by Clark Hulings was published by The Lowell Press as a catalog to accompany a one-man show at the Cowboy Hall of Fame under the auspices of NAWA. He was presented with the Hall’s Trustees Gold Medal for his "distinguished contribution to American art". Two years later he was honored with a comprehensive retrospective of his work in Midland, Texas.
In 1980, Hulings’s painting The Pink Parasol won wide acclaim at the annual Western Heritage Sale in Houston, Texas. His market scene, Kaleidescope, submitted in the 1981 sale, brought another record sale price. In 1999 he mounted a new one-man show at Nedra Matteucci Galleries in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It included thirty-five paintings, ten field sketches and twelve drawings. Everything sold on opening night. In 2007 he topped this success with another one-man show, this time in two venues. Timeless Beauty: Pursuing Life’s Textures included 36 paintings, 21 of which were sold at Bartfield Galleries in New York, and 15 of which were auctioned on Hilton Head, South Carolina through Morris & Whiteside Galleries. Once again, everything sold immediately. In conjunction with the show a revised edition of his book, A Gallery of Paintings, was also released.
Hulings married Mary Belfi in 1966 and their daughter Elizabeth was born two years later. When they were not traveling, they lived in Santa Fe, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19593480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593480" title="Aberbargoed Buds F.C.">
Aberbargoed Buds F.C.

Aberbargoed Buds F.C. is a football club based in Aberbargoed. The team play in the Welsh Football League Division Two.
History.
Aberbargoed Buds F.C. was founded in the 1950s after the demise of Aberbargoed Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19593481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593481" title="Seven Sisters (law firms)">
Seven Sisters (law firms)

The Seven Sisters refers to a collection of seven leading Canadian law firms with offices in Toronto. According to Legal Week, these firms have "fundamentally dominated" the Canadian legal market for the last several decades. The term can be traced back to at least 2001, when it may have been coined by Sandra Rubin to describe the top seven Canadian law firms in Toronto by mergers and acquisitions deal volume. These seven firms are still referred to as the Seven Sisters, regardless of how their deal volume presently ranks. In alphabetical order the Seven Sisters are:

</doc>
<doc id="19593499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593499" title="Hernando de Cabezón">
Hernando de Cabezón

Hernando de Cabezón, (baptized 7 September 1541 – 1 October 1602) was a Spanish composer and organist, son of Antonio de Cabezón. Only a few of his works are extant today, and he is chiefly remembered for publishing the bulk of his father's work.
Biography.
He was born in Madrid and probably studied music with his father. From January to December 1559 he was employed at the royal chapel, where his father worked, as a substitute organist. He was appointed organist of the Sigüenza Cathedral in 1563, and when his father died in 1566, he succeeded him as royal organist. Like his father, he accompanied the court on its travels; this brought him to Portugal, among other places, where he lived in 1580–81. In 1598, when Philip II of Spain died, Cabezón went on as royal organist with his son Philip III of Spain. He drafted his will in 1598 and died four years later in Valladolid.
Only a few of Cabezón's compositions survive. He is chiefly remembered for "Obras de música para tecla, arpa y vihuela" (Madrid, 1578), a large collection of music by his father (also including five pieces by Hernando). The "Obras" constitute the single most important source for Antonio de Cabezón's work. Hernando's own works include an organ setting of "Ave maris stella" and several keyboard intabulations. All of these pieces are of very high quality, and the intabulations are notable for their rather radical departures from the vocal originals.

</doc>
<doc id="19593502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593502" title="Minuscule 15">
Minuscule 15

Minuscule 15 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 283 (von Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 225 parchment leaves (), dated palaeographically to the 12th-century. It has liturgical books and full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels. It contains also liturgical books with hagiographies: synaxarion and Menologion.
The biblical text is written in one column per page, 23-24 lines per page. It was written in neat, and regular letters.
The first three pages are written in gold, with exquisite miniatures, four on page 2, four on page 3.
It has iota adscriptum.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with the ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers). 
It contains Prolegomena, Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian Canon tables, tables of the ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, lectionary equipment at the margin (for liturgical use), and pictures. 
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Hermann von Soden classified it to Ak (the Byzantine commentated text). Aland placed it in Category V.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the textual family Kx in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
At the margin of Mark 16:8 it has questionable scholion: εν τισι των αντιγραφων, εως ωδε πληρουται ο ευαγγελιστης εν πολλοις δε, και ταυτα φερεται.
The text of the pericope John 7:53-8:11 is omitted.
History.
Scholz dated it to the 10th-century, Gregory to the 12th-century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 12th-century.
The manuscript was brought to Paris by Catherine de' Medici. It was in private hands, and became one of the manuscripts used by Kuster's in his revised reprint of Mill's "Novum Testamentum Graecum" (Paris 8). 
Scholz examined a bigger part of Matthew, Mark and John in the codex. It was examined and described by Burgon and Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1884.
The codex is located now at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Gr. 64) in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19593518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593518" title="Bay County Courthouse (Florida)">
Bay County Courthouse (Florida)

The Bay County Courthouse is an historic yellow brick courthouse building located at 300 East 4th Street in Panama City, Florida. Built in 1915 in the Classical Revival style, it is Bay County's first and only courthouse. After a 1920 fire gutted the building, it was rebuilt in a much simpler form without its entrance pediment, gabled roof system and ornate central clock tower. The entrance columns and entablature, however, were retained. Later additions have been built on its left side.
In August 1961 the Bay County Courthouse was the scene of the trial and conviction of Clarence Earl Gideon for felony theft. The court's refusal to provide Gideon with legal representation was overturned in the famous U. S. Supreme Court case of Gideon v. Wainwright. Gideon was retried here in August 1963 and was acquitted.
In 1989, the Bay County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19593553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593553" title="Antiparkinson">
Antiparkinson

An antiparkinson, or antiparkinsonian, is a type of drug which is intended to treat and relieve the symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD) or Parkinsonism. Most of these agents act by either increasing dopamine activity or reducing acetylcholine activity in the central nervous system (CNS).

</doc>
<doc id="19593563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593563" title="Gataga River">
Gataga River

The Gataga River is a river in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada. It is a tributary of the Kechika River, which is a tributary of the Liard.

</doc>
<doc id="19593566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593566" title="Greg A. Hill (artist)">
Greg A. Hill (artist)

Greg A. Hill is a Canadian-born First Nations artist and curator.
Biography.
His work as a multidisciplinary artist focuses primarily on installation, performance and digital imaging and explores issues of Mohawk and French-Canadian identity through the prism of colonialism, nationalism and concepts of place and community.
He has been exhibiting his work since 1989, with solo exhibitions and performance works across Canada as well as group exhibitions in North America and abroad. His work can be found in the collections of the Canada Council, the Indian Art Centre, Indian and Northern Affairs Canada, the Canadian Native Arts Foundations, the Woodland Cultural Center, the City of Ottawa, the Ottawa Art Gallery and the International Museum of Electrography.

</doc>
<doc id="19593578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593578" title="Cesareo Guillermo">
Cesareo Guillermo

Cesáreo Guillermo y Bastardo; (March 8, 1847November 8, 1885) was President of the Dominican Republic in 1878 and in 1879. His parents were Pedro Guillermo and Rosalía Bastardo. He entered the Dominican military at age 16.

</doc>
<doc id="19593608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593608" title="O. E. Hasse">
O. E. Hasse

Otto Eduard Hasse (11 July 1903 – 12 September 1978) was a German film actor and director.
Biography.
Hasse was born to Wilhelm Gustav Eduard Hasse, a blacksmith, and Valeria Hasse in the village of Obersitzko, Province of Posen, Imperial Germany and gained his first stage experiences at highschool at Kolmar together with his classmate Berta Drews. Hasse began to study law at the University of Berlin but abandoned this study after three semester and changed over to the Max Reinhardt's actor school at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin to receive an actor's education.
He first appeared at Theaters in Thale, Breslau and from 1930 till 1939 at the Kammerspiele in Munich, where he also worked as a stage director for the first time. In 1939 he moved to the German Theater in Prague and shortened his name to "O.E." instead of "Otto Eduard".
In 1944 he was conscripted to the Luftwaffe and slightly wounded. After World War II Hasse became a famous German movie actor, also internationally appearing in the Alfred Hitchcock movie "I Confess" (1953) with Montgomery Clift and starring with Clark Gable and Lana Turner in "Betrayed" (1954).
In 1959 he was a member of the jury at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
Hasse was the German dubbing voice of Charles Laughton, Humphrey Bogart, Spencer Tracy, and Clark Gable. Hasse died in Berlin and is buried at the Waldfriedhof Dahlem.
Since 1981, the German Academy of Arts donates an O.E. Hasse Prize to benefit young actors.

</doc>
<doc id="19593620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593620" title="Honda NSR250R">
Honda NSR250R

History.
The NSR250 series of two stroke motorcycles were manufactured between 1985 and 1996.
Models.
1985 NSR250R MC11 Rothmans
1987 NSR250R MC16<br>
1988 NSR250R MC18 R2<br>
1988 NSR250R SP R4 Rothmans MC18<br>
1989 NSR250R MC18 R5<br>
1989 NSR250R SP MC18 R6<br>
1990 NSR250R MC21<br>
1990 NSR250R SP MC21<br>
1991 NSR250R MC21<br>
1991 NSR250SE MC21<br>
1992 NSR250R MC21<br>
1992 NSR250R SP MC21<br>
1992 NSR250SP Rothmans MC21<br>
1993 NSR250SE MC21<br>
1994 NSR250R MC28<br>
1994 NSR250R SP Rothmans<br>
1994 NSR250SE MC28<br>
1995 NSR250R SP HRC<br>
1996 NSR250R SP Repsol<br>
1996 NSR250SE MC28
Specifications.
Configuration: 90° v-twin<br>
Displacement (cm³): 249<br>
Mass (kg): 132 (dry)<br>
Rider seat height (mm): 780<br>
Power (kW (hp)): 32.8 (45)
Engine/Gearbox.
MC18 R5k.
The engine is a 249cc 90° V-twin liquid cooled 2-stroke with crankcase reed valve induction via twin naturally aspirated carburetors.<br>
Bore and Stroke: 54mm × 54.5mm 
The gearbox is a 6 speed constant mesh cassette type with multi-plate wet clutch.
The MC18 crankshaft was sold as a complete assembly by Honda. Hence, individual crankshaft components were not readily available making it very difficult to rebuild the crankshafts. This crankshaft part is no longer an available part from Honda, which can make restoration of these machines difficult. However, these types of parts can often be found in the aftermarket.
MC18 R6k.
The engine is the same as the R5k. The only difference is that it has a dry multi-plate clutch.
Suspension.
MC18 R5k.
Front: Twin telescopic forks. Oil filled damper with spring preload adjustment only.<br>
Rear: Single rising rate shock. Pro-Link with external coil. Variable spring preload adjustment only.
MC18 R6k.
Front: Twin telescopic forks. Oil filled damper cartridge with spring preload and rebound damping adjustment.<br>
Rear: Single rising rate rear shock. Pro-Link with external coil. Gas/oil damper with variable spring preload. Rebound and compression damping adjustment.

</doc>
<doc id="19593628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593628" title="Shachiv Shnaan">
Shachiv Shnaan

Shachiv Shnaan (; , born 20 June 1960) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Independence.
Biography.
Shnaan, a Druze, was born and raised in Hurfeish. In his military service with the Israel Defense Forces, he was a fighter in the Herev Battalion. Afterwards he completed his academic studies in general studies, oriental studies and pre-law studies at Tel Aviv University. Shnaan then returned to his home town, working between 1989-1995 as a teacher and acting principal of the local six-years post-elementary school.
Throughout the years Shnaan was active with the Histadrut. He was appointed as an advisor to Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs Saleh Tarif. Following the elections to the 14th Knesset he was a senior advisor to the Minister responsible for Minorities Affairs within the Prime Minister's Office. He held this position between 1997 and 2001, and was later appointed as the administrator of the northern district for the Ministry of Labor and Welfare. Shnaan was also director of the district's branch of the Ministry of Welfare. In 2005 he was appointed by Minister of Internal Affairs Ophir Pines-Paz as his senior advisor, maintaining the post for one year.
In 2006, Shnaan nominated himself for the Labor Party's list of candidates for the 2006 elections. He was elected to the slot reserved to a Druze representative, 20th on the party's list, and entered the Knesset on 28 May 2008, following the resignation of Efraim Sneh. He is a member of the Education, Culture and Sports Committee. Prior to his entry to the Knesset, Shnaan was considered by party chairman Amir Peretz as his candidate for the post of minister, eventually given to Raleb Majadele.
Placed 16th on the party's list for the 2009 elections, he lost his seat as Labor were reduced to 13 seats. He subsequently joined the breakaway Independence party, and returned to the Knesset on 14 February 2012 as a replacement for Matan Vilnai, who had been appointed as ambassador to China. He lost his Knesset seat in 2013 after Independence chose not to contest the elections.
Shnaan resides in Hurfeish, is married and a father of five.

</doc>
<doc id="19593633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593633" title="Erich Sackmann">
Erich Sackmann

Erich Sackmann (born 26 November 1934 in Baierbronn, Germany) is an eminent experimental physicist.
Early life and education.
He studied in the University of Stuttgart, from which he graduated in 1964.
Career.
After working at Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, New Jersey, and at Max-Planck-Institut für Biophysikalische Chemie in Göttingen, Germany, Sackmann became a professor at Universität Ulm in 1974.
In 1980, he moved to the Technical University of Munich as the head of the Biophysics chair - E22. To this day, he remains there as an emeritus professor.
Sackmann dedicated a lifetime of research towards probing the living cell with tools of physics, long before biophysics was the mode of the day. Considered by many the father of biophysics in Europe, he pioneered, along with others, the idea of a “bottom up” approach towards understanding the cell – starting from relatively simple systems like lipid bilayers, giant vesicles and actin in solution and going towards more and more complex systems to reach eventually an understanding at the level of the entire cell.
More than 200 publications and several books Literatur von und über Erich Sackmann testify to his contributions to soft matter and biophysics. His early work was mainly on lyotropic liquid crystals and lipid membranes. Later, along with his students he laid the foundations of our current understanding of membrane adhesion. Over the years, his team developed and improved the technique of reflection interference contrast microscopy - RICM, (which is quantitative interference reflection microscopy - IRM) – a powerful tool to probe adhesion of membranes and thin films. Collaborations with theoreticians like Reinhard Lipowsky, Udo Seifert and Robijn Bruinsma have led to seminal works on adhesion of cell mimetic giant vesicles (also called liposomes).
Another of his interests is the cytoskeleton and its dynamics. To study cytoskeletal dynamics, his team developed magnetic tweezers capable of exerting very small pulling forces. He has contributed to our understanding of the dynamics of single actin filaments, actin networks as well as intact living cells.
His research interests include: physics of self assembly and function of artificial and biological membranes, viscoelastic microscopy of cells, physics of the actin based cytoskeleton: micro-rheology of macromolecular networks, applications of solid-supported lipid-protein membranes, ultrathin hydrated polymer layers and polymer/membrane composite films and neutron Reflectivity as a new tool to study the self assembly of membrane associated proteins.
Along with Reinhard Lipowsky, he has authored "the Structure and Dynamics of Membranes". Recently, along with Rudolf Merkel, he has published "Lehrbuch der Biophysik" - a text book on biophysics aimed at students and reaserchers.
In recognition of his research work, in 2006, he was awarded the Stern-Gerlach-Medal by the DPG, German Physical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19593637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593637" title="KLCL">
KLCL

KLCL (1470 AM, "Cajun Radio 1470") is a radio station broadcasting a Cajun music and swamp pop format. Licensed to Lake Charles, Louisiana, USA, the station is currently owned by Townsquare Media. It currently simulcasts with sister station KJEF.

</doc>
<doc id="19593671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593671" title="Wright XF3W">
Wright XF3W

The Wright XF3W was an American racing aircraft built by Wright Aeronautical for the United States Navy.
Development and design.
After the U.S. Navy declared its preference for radial engines, Wright developed the P-1 Simoon. To demonstrate the engine, the F3W was designed to carry it. The F3W was a single-seat biplane, with a steel tubing fuselage and wood wings, covered by fabric. Designed to be a carrier-based fighter and powered by the Simoon engine, its performance was poor. After the Navy took delivery of the aircraft, they installed a rival company's engine, the Pratt & Whitney R-1340 radial. The aircraft was redesignated XF3W, and flew with the new engine for the first time on 5 May 1926.
Operational history.
The Navy used the XF3W as a test bed for the Pratt & Whitney engine until 1930, during which time the aircraft set a number of records. On 6 September 1926, the XF3W set the world altitude record for seaplanes of . On 6 April 1930, it set the landplane altitude record of . The XF3W was also fitted with a single centreline float to evaluate the concept of basing floatplanes on battleships.

</doc>
<doc id="19593675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593675" title="Råpi">
Råpi

Råpi (also, Ropi) is a 926 meters high mountain in Norrbotten County, northern Sweden, near Kiruna.

</doc>
<doc id="19593702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593702" title="ARJ45">
ARJ45

In computer networking hardware, ARJ45 (Augmented Registered Jack 45) is an electronic connector for very high speed applications, such as Class FA installations as defined by the standard ISO/IEC 11801 and 10, 40 and 100 Gigabit Ethernet transmission copper cabling. 
ARJ45 complies with the international standard IEC 61076-3-110.
The connector operates in the frequency spectrum between 600 MHz to 5 GHz with twisted shielded pair and twinax cables. ARJ45 utilizes an internal system of Faraday cages to reduce cross talk to 35 dB or better at 5 GHz. Its performance up to 1000 MHz corresponds to category 7A connecting hardware.
Variants include ARJ45 HS, an 8-contact connector, and ARJ45 HD, a 12-contact connector, equivalent to the GG45 with a switch in the jack that activates the alternative pin locations when a Cat7a plug is inserted.

</doc>
<doc id="19593707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593707" title="Sailors (film)">
Sailors (film)

Sailors () is a 1964 Swedish film directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Dirch Passer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19593724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593724" title="3 31 honeycomb">
3 31 honeycomb

In 7-dimensional geometry, the 331 honeycomb is a uniform honeycomb, also given by Schlafli symbol {3,3,3,33,1} and is composed of 321 and 7-simplex facets, with 56 and 576 of them respectively around each vertex.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 7-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing the node on the short branch leaves the 6-simplex facet:
Removing the node on the end of the 3-length branch leaves the 321 facet:
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 231 polytope.
The edge figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes 6-demicube (131).
The face figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes rectified 5-simplex (031).
The cell figure is determined by removing the ringed node of the face figure and ringing the neighboring nodes. This makes tetrahedral prism {}×{3,3}.
Kissing number.
Each vertex of this tessellation is the center of a 6-sphere in the densest known packing in 7 dimensions; its kissing number is 126, represented by the vertices of its vertex figure 231.
E7 lattice.
formula_1 contains formula_2 as a subgroup of index 144. Both formula_1 and formula_2 can be seen as affine extension from formula_5 from different nodes: 
The vertex arrangement of 331 is called the E7 lattice. The E7 lattice can also be expressed as a union of the vertices of two A7 lattices, also called A72:
The E7* lattice (also called E72) has double the symmetry, represented by 3,33,3. The Voronoi cell of the E7* lattice is the 132 polytope, and voronoi tessellation the 133 honeycomb. The E7* lattice is constructed by 2 copies of the E7 lattice vertices, one from each long branch of the Coxeter diagram, and can be constructed as the union of four A7* lattices, also called A74:
Related honeycombs.
It is in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes and honeycombs, expressed by Coxeter as 3k1 series. A degenerate 4-dimensional case exists as 3-sphere tiling, a tetrahedral hosohedron.

</doc>
<doc id="19593726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593726" title="Dzükou Valley">
Dzükou Valley

The Dzükou Valley is a valley located at the border of the Indian states of Manipur and Nagaland. This valley is well known for its natural beauty, seasonal flowers and the overall flora and fauna. Dzükou derives its meaning from the Angami/Mao word which translates to "Cold Water" referring to the ice cold stream that flows through the valley. It is situated at an altitude of 2438 m above sea level, behind the Japfü Peak located in Nagaland. The rare Dzükou lily is found only in this valley.
Ownership.
The question of ownership of this valley has often been a topic of hot debate. Both Nagaland and Manipur have claimed the area as an integral part of their state. The political area of Manipur covers a major part of this valley while the inhabitants and etymology of the valley is Tankhul of Manipur.
How To Reach.
There are many NGO's, Adventure Tour Operators, who organizes trek to Dzukou Valley. One can contact "Reisen Welt" at +91 8011 103 103 or info. reisenwelt @ gmail.com

</doc>
<doc id="19593730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593730" title="Rubik's Sudoku">
Rubik's Sudoku

"Rubik's Sudoku" is a take on the popular puzzle Sudoku. Unlike typical Sudoku puzzles, normally done on paper, this version can be played with the components and then reset with a new puzzle, removing the need for pen and paper. In addition, the numbers all have a matching color, making the puzzle a little easier for some, as they can try to look at colors instead of numbers to determine where pieces should go. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19593732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593732" title="Astro-H">
Astro-H

ASTRO-H (also known as NeXT for New X-ray Telescope) is a planned X-ray astronomy satellite under development by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA). It is expected to be launched in 2015 into the 550 km height orbit around earth. Launch vehicle will be the H-IIA.
With a planned weight of 2.4 t, ASTRO-H will be the heaviest Japanese astronomy mission so far. When its telescope is extended in orbit, the satellite will be 14 meters in length.
The observatory is designed to extend the research conducted by Advanced Satellite for Cosmology and Astrophysics (ASCA) by investigating the hard X-ray band above 10 keV. NASA is participating with this project by committing the High-Resolution Soft X-Ray Spectrometer (SXS). Netherlands Institute for Space Research (SRON) will build the filter-wheel and calibration source for the spectrometer. This calibration source corrects for instabilities in the spectrometer.

</doc>
<doc id="19593765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593765" title="1 33 honeycomb">
1 33 honeycomb

In 7-dimensional geometry, 133 is a uniform honeycomb, also given by Schlafli symbol {3,33,3}, and is composed of 132'" facets.
Construction.
It is created by a Wythoff construction upon a set of 8 hyperplane mirrors in 7-dimensional space.
The facet information can be extracted from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram.
Removing a node on the end of one of the 3-length branch leaves the 132, its only facet type.
The vertex figure is determined by removing the ringed node and ringing the neighboring node. This makes the trirectified 7-simplex, 033.
The edge figure is determined by removing the ringed nodes of the vertex figure and ringing the neighboring node. This makes the tetrahedral duoprism, {3,3}×{3,3}.
Kissing number.
Each vertex of this polytope corresponds to the center of a 6-sphere in a moderately dense sphere packing, in which each sphere is tangent to 70 others; the best known for 7 dimensions (the kissing number) is 126.
Geometric folding.
The formula_1 group is related to the formula_2 by a geometric folding, so this honeycomb can be projected into the 4-dimensional demitesseractic honeycomb.
E7* lattice.
formula_1 contains formula_4 as a subgroup of index 144. Both formula_1 and formula_4 can be seen as affine extension from formula_7 from different nodes: 
The E7* lattice (also called E72) has double the symmetry, represented by 3,33,3. The Voronoi cell of the E7* lattice is the 132 polytope, and voronoi tessellation the 133 honeycomb. The E7* lattice is constructed by 2 copies of the E7 lattice vertices, one from each long branch of the Coxeter diagram, and can be constructed as the union of four A7* lattices, also called A74:
Related polytopes and honeycombs.
The 133 is fourth in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes and honeycombs, expressed by Coxeter as 13k series. The final is a noncompact hyperbolic honeycomb, 134.

</doc>
<doc id="19593814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593814" title="University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Manila Campus">
University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Manila Campus

Perpetual Help College of Manila, (PHCP) or simply Perpetual Manila established in 1968 with Nursing as key course offering . PHCP is the very first campus established by the University of Perpetual Help System.
Recent history.
Aside from the Nursing course, PHCM also offers Hotel and Restaurant Management courses. Other course offerings include, Mass Communication, Business Administration, Occupational Therapy, Respiratory Therapy and Business High School.
PHCM is now constructing a new building along Alfredo Street, Sampaloc, Manila.
Education.
PHCM’s College of Nursing, under the command of its primary navigators, chief operating officer Manuel Tamayo and dean Melinda Gablan, was the first academic course offered by the institution.

</doc>
<doc id="19593829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593829" title="Spin (physics)">
Spin (physics)

In quantum mechanics and particle physics, spin is an intrinsic form of angular momentum carried by elementary particles, composite particles (hadrons), and atomic nuclei. Spin is a solely quantum-mechanical phenomenon; it does not have a counterpart in classical mechanics (despite the term "spin" being reminiscent of classical phenomena such as a planet spinning on its axis).
Spin is one of two types of angular momentum in quantum mechanics, the other being "orbital angular momentum". Orbital angular momentum is the quantum-mechanical counterpart to the classical notion of angular momentum: it arises when a particle executes a rotating or twisting trajectory (such as when an electron orbits a nucleus). The existence of spin angular momentum is inferred from experiments, such as the Stern–Gerlach experiment, in which particles are observed to possess angular momentum that cannot be accounted for by orbital angular momentum alone.
In some ways, spin is like a vector quantity; it has a definite magnitude; and it has a "direction" (but quantization makes this "direction" different from the direction of an ordinary vector). All elementary particles of a given kind have the same magnitude of spin angular momentum, which is indicated by assigning the particle a "spin quantum number". However, in a technical sense, spins are not strictly vectors, and they are instead described as a related quantity: a spinor. In particular, unlike a Euclidean vector, a spin when rotated by 360 degrees can have its sign reversed.
The SI unit of spin is the joule-second, just as with classical angular momentum. In practice, however, SI units are never used to describe spin: instead, it is written as a multiple of the reduced Planck constant "ħ". In natural units, the "ħ" is omitted, so spin is written as a unitless number. The spin quantum numbers are always unitless numbers by definition.
When combined with the spin-statistics theorem, the spin of electrons results in the Pauli exclusion principle, which in turn underlies the periodic table of chemical elements.
Wolfgang Pauli was the first to propose the concept of spin, but he did not name it. In 1925, Ralph Kronig, George Uhlenbeck, and Samuel Goudsmit suggested a physical interpretation of particles spinning around their own axis. The mathematical theory was worked out in depth by Pauli in 1927. When Paul Dirac derived his relativistic quantum mechanics in 1928, electron spin was an essential part of it.
Spin quantum number.
As the name suggests, spin was originally conceived as the rotation of a particle around some axis. This picture is correct so far as spin obeys the same mathematical laws as quantized angular momenta do. On the other hand, spin has some peculiar properties that distinguish it from orbital angular momenta:
The conventional definition of the spin quantum number "s" is "s" = "n"/2, where "n" can be any non-negative integer. Hence the allowed values of "s" are 0, 1/2, 1, 3/2, 2, etc. The value of "s" for an elementary particle depends only on the type of particle, and cannot be altered in any known way (in contrast to the "spin direction" described below). The spin angular momentum "S" of any physical system is quantized. The allowed values of "S" are:
where "h" is the Planck constant. In contrast, orbital angular momentum can only take on integer values of "s", even values of "n".
Fermions and Bosons.
Those particles with half-integer spins, such as 1/2, 3/2, 5/2, are known as fermions, while those particles with integer spins, such as 0, 1, 2, are known as bosons. The two families of particles obey different rules and "broadly" have different roles in the world around us. A key distinction between the two families is that fermions obey the Pauli exclusion principle; that is, there cannot be two identical fermions simultaneously having the same quantum numbers (meaning roughly, being in the same place with the same velocity). In contrast, Bosons obey the rules of Bose Einstein statistics and have no such restriction, so they may "bunch" together even if in identical states. Also, composite particles can have spins different from the particles which comprise them. For example, a helium atom can have spin 0 and therefore can behave like a boson even though the quarks and electrons which make it up are all fermions.
This has profound practical applications:
Theoretical and experimental studies have shown that the spin possessed by elementary particles cannot be explained by postulating that they are made up of even smaller particles rotating about a common center of mass (see classical electron radius); as far as can be presently determined, these elementary particles have no inner structure. The spin of an elementary particle is therefore seen as a truly intrinsic physical property, akin to the particle's electric charge and rest mass.
The spin-statistics theorem.
The spin of a particle has crucial consequences for its properties in statistical mechanics. Particles with half-integer spin obey Fermi–Dirac statistics, and are known as fermions. They are required to occupy antisymmetric quantum states (see the article on identical particles.) This property forbids fermions from sharing quantum states – a restriction known as the Pauli exclusion principle. Particles with integer spin, on the other hand, obey Bose–Einstein statistics, and are known as bosons. These particles occupy "symmetric states", and can therefore share quantum states. The proof of this is known as the spin-statistics theorem, which relies on both quantum mechanics and the theory of special relativity. In fact, "the connection between spin and statistics is one of the most important applications of the special relativity theory".
Magnetic moments.
Particles with spin can possess a magnetic dipole moment, just like a rotating electrically charged body in classical electrodynamics. These magnetic moments can be experimentally observed in several ways, e.g. by the deflection of particles by inhomogeneous magnetic fields in a Stern–Gerlach experiment, or by measuring the magnetic fields generated by the particles themselves.
The intrinsic magnetic moment μ of a spin-1/2 particle with charge "q", mass "m", and spin angular momentum S, is
where the dimensionless quantity "gs" is called the spin g-factor. For exclusively orbital rotations it would be 1 (assuming that the mass and the charge occupy spheres of equal radius).
The electron, being a charged elementary particle, possesses a nonzero magnetic moment. One of the triumphs of the theory of quantum electrodynamics is its accurate prediction of the electron "g"-factor, which has been experimentally determined to have the value , with the digits in parentheses denoting measurement uncertainty in the last two digits at one standard deviation. The value of 2 arises from the Dirac equation, a fundamental equation connecting the electron's spin with its electromagnetic properties, and the correction of ... arises from the electron's interaction with the surrounding electromagnetic field, including its own field. Composite particles also possess magnetic moments associated with their spin. In particular, the neutron possesses a non-zero magnetic moment despite being electrically neutral. This fact was an early indication that the neutron is not an elementary particle. In fact, it is made up of quarks, which are electrically charged particles. The magnetic moment of the neutron comes from the spins of the individual quarks and their orbital motions.
Neutrinos are both elementary and electrically neutral. The minimally extended Standard Model that takes into account non-zero neutrino masses predicts neutrino magnetic moments of:
where the "μ"ν are the neutrino magnetic moments, "m"ν are the neutrino masses, and "μ"B is the Bohr magneton. New physics above the electroweak scale could, however, lead to significantly higher neutrino magnetic moments. It can be shown in a model independent way that neutrino magnetic moments larger than about 10−14 μB are unnatural, because they would also lead to large radiative contributions to the neutrino mass. Since the neutrino masses cannot exceed about 1 eV, these radiative corrections must then be assumed to be fine tuned to cancel out to a large degree.
The measurement of neutrino magnetic moments is an active area of research. , the latest experimental results have put the neutrino magnetic moment at less than times the electron's magnetic moment.
In ordinary materials, the magnetic dipole moments of individual atoms produce magnetic fields that cancel one another, because each dipole points in a random direction. Ferromagnetic materials below their Curie temperature, however, exhibit magnetic domains in which the atomic dipole moments are locally aligned, producing a macroscopic, non-zero magnetic field from the domain. These are the ordinary "magnets" with which we are all familiar.
In paramagnetic materials, the magnetic dipole moments of individual atoms spontaneously align with an externally applied magnetic field. In diamagnetic materials, on the other hand, the magnetic dipole moments of individual atoms spontaneously align oppositely to any externally applied magnetic field, even if it requires energy to do so.
The study of the behavior of such "spin models" is a thriving area of research in condensed matter physics. For instance, the Ising model describes spins (dipoles) that have only two possible states, up and down, whereas in the Heisenberg model the spin vector is allowed to point in any direction. These models have many interesting properties, which have led to interesting results in the theory of phase transitions.
Spin "direction".
Spin projection quantum number and spin multiplicity.
In classical mechanics, the angular momentum of a particle possesses not only a magnitude (how fast the body is rotating), but also a direction (either up or down on the axis of rotation of the particle). Quantum mechanical spin also contains information about direction, but in a more subtle form. Quantum mechanics states that the component of angular momentum measured along any direction can only take on the values 
where "Si" is the spin component along the "i"-axis (either "x", "y", or "z"), "si" is the spin projection quantum number along the "i"-axis, and "s" is the principal spin quantum number (discussed in the previous section). Conventionally the direction chosen is the "z"-axis:
where "Sz" is the spin component along the "z"-axis, "sz" is the spin projection quantum number along the "z"-axis.
One can see that there are 2"s"+1 possible values of "s"z. The number "2"s" + 1" is the multiplicity of the spin system. For example, there are only two possible values for a spin-1/2 particle: "s"z = +1/2 and "s"z = −1/2. These correspond to quantum states in which the spin is pointing in the +z or −z directions respectively, and are often referred to as "spin up" and "spin down". For a spin-3/2 particle, like a delta baryon, the possible values are +3/2, +1/2, −1/2, −3/2.
Spin vector.
For a given quantum state, one could think of a spin vector formula_6 whose components are the expectation values of the spin components along each axis, i.e., formula_7. This vector then would describe the "direction" in which the spin is pointing, corresponding to the classical concept of the axis of rotation. It turns out that the spin vector is not very useful in actual quantum mechanical calculations, because it cannot be measured directly: "sx", "sy" and "sz" cannot possess simultaneous definite values, because of a quantum uncertainty relation between them. However, for statistically large collections of particles that have been placed in the same pure quantum state, such as through the use of a Stern–Gerlach apparatus, the spin vector does have a well-defined experimental meaning: It specifies the direction in ordinary space in which a subsequent detector must be oriented in order to achieve the maximum possible probability (100%) of detecting every particle in the collection. For spin-1/2 particles, this maximum probability drops off smoothly as the angle between the spin vector and the detector increases, until at an angle of 180 degrees—that is, for detectors oriented in the opposite direction to the spin vector—the expectation of detecting particles from the collection reaches a minimum of 0%.
As a qualitative concept, the spin vector is often handy because it is easy to picture classically. For instance, quantum mechanical spin can exhibit phenomena analogous to classical gyroscopic effects. For example, one can exert a kind of "torque" on an electron by putting it in a magnetic field (the field acts upon the electron's intrinsic magnetic dipole moment—see the following section). The result is that the spin vector undergoes precession, just like a classical gyroscope. This phenomenon is used in nuclear magnetic resonance sensing.
Mathematically, quantum mechanical spin states are described by vector-like objects known as spinors. There are subtle differences between the behavior of spinors and vectors under coordinate rotations. For example, rotating a spin-1/2 particle by 360 degrees does not bring it back to the same quantum state, but to the state with the opposite quantum phase; this is detectable, in principle, with interference experiments. To return the particle to its exact original state, one needs a 720 degree rotation. A spin-zero particle can only have a single quantum state, even after torque is applied. Rotating a spin-2 particle 180 degrees can bring it back to the same quantum state and a spin-4 particle should be rotated 90 degrees to bring it back to the same quantum state. The spin 2 particle can be analogous to a straight stick that looks the same even after it is rotated 180 degrees and a spin 0 particle can be imagined as sphere which looks the same after whatever angle it is turned through.
Mathematical formulation of spin.
Spin operator.
Spin obeys commutation relations analogous to those of the orbital angular momentum:
where formula_9 is the Levi-Civita symbol. It follows (as with angular momentum) that the eigenvectors of "S"2 and "S"z (expressed as kets in the total "S" basis) are:
The spin raising and lowering operators acting on these eigenvectors give:
But unlike orbital angular momentum the eigenvectors are not spherical harmonics. They are not functions of "θ" and "φ". There is also no reason to exclude half-integer values of "s" and "m".
In addition to their other properties, all quantum mechanical particles possess an intrinsic spin (though it may have the intrinsic spin 0, too). The spin is quantized in units of the reduced Planck constant, such that the state function of the particle is, say, not formula_14, but formula_15 where formula_16 is out of the following discrete set of values:
One distinguishes bosons (integer spin) and fermions (half-integer spin). The total angular momentum conserved in interaction processes is then the "sum" of the orbital angular momentum and the spin.
Pauli matrices and spin operators.
The quantum mechanical operators associated with spin observables are:
In the special case of spin-1/2 particles, "σx", "σy" and "σz" are the three Pauli matrices, given by:
Spin and the Pauli exclusion principle.
For systems of "N" identical particles this is related to the Pauli exclusion principle, which states that by interchanges of any two of the "N" particles one must have
Thus, for bosons the prefactor (−1)2"s" will reduce to +1, for fermions to −1. In quantum mechanics all particles are either bosons or fermions. In some speculative relativistic quantum field theories "supersymmetric" particles also exist, where linear combinations of bosonic and fermionic components appear. In two dimensions, the prefactor (−1)2"s" can be replaced by any complex number of magnitude 1 (see Anyon).
The above permutation postulate for "N"-particle state functions has most-important consequences in daily life, e.g. the periodic table of the chemists or biologists.
Spin and rotations.
As described above, quantum mechanics states that components of angular momentum measured along any direction can only take a number of discrete values. The most convenient quantum mechanical description of particle's spin is therefore with a set of complex numbers corresponding to amplitudes of finding a given value of projection of its intrinsic angular momentum on a given axis. For instance, for a spin 1/2 particle, we would need two numbers "a"±1/2, giving amplitudes of finding it with projection of angular momentum equal to "ħ"/2 and −"ħ"/2, satisfying the requirement
For a generic particle with spin s, we would need 2s+1 such parameters. Since these numbers depend on the choice of the axis, they transform into each other non-trivially when this axis is rotated. It's clear that the transformation law must be linear, so we can represent it by associating a matrix with each rotation, and the product of two transformation matrices corresponding to rotations A and B must be equal (up to phase) to the matrix representing rotation AB. Further, rotations preserve the quantum mechanical inner product, and so should our transformation matrices:
Mathematically speaking, these matrices furnish a unitary projective representation of the rotation group SO(3). Each such representation corresponds to a representation of the covering group of SO(3), which is SU(2). There is one "n"-dimensional irreducible representation of SU(2) for each dimension, though this representation is "n"-dimensional real for odd "n" and "n"-dimensional complex for even n (hence of real dimension 2"n"). For a rotation by angle "θ" in the plane with normal vector formula_24, "U" can be written
where formula_26 and formula_27 is the vector of spin operators.
A generic rotation in 3-dimensional space can be built by compounding operators of this type using Euler angles:
An irreducible representation of this group of operators is furnished by the Wigner D-matrix:
where 
is Wigner's small d-matrix. Note that for γ = 2π and α = β = 0, i.e. a full rotation about the z-axis, the Wigner D-matrix elements become
Recalling that a generic spin state can be written as a superposition of states with definite "m", we see that if "s" is an integer, the values of "m" are all integers, and this matrix corresponds to the identity operator. However, if "s" is a half-integer, the values of "m" are also all half-integers, giving (−1)2"m" = −1 for all "m", and hence upon rotation by 2π the state picks up a minus sign. This fact is a crucial element of the proof of the spin-statistics theorem.
Spin and Lorentz transformations.
We could try the same approach to determine the behavior of spin under general Lorentz transformations, but we would immediately discover a major obstacle. Unlike SO(3), the group of Lorentz transformations SO(3,1) is non-compact and therefore does not have any faithful, unitary, finite-dimensional representations.
In case of spin 1/2 particles, it is possible to find a construction that includes both a finite-dimensional representation and a scalar product that is preserved by this representation. We associate a 4-component Dirac spinor formula_32 with each particle. These spinors transform under Lorentz transformations according to the law
where formula_34 are gamma matrices and formula_35 is an antisymmetric 4x4 matrix parametrizing the transformation. It can be shown that the scalar product
is preserved. It is not, however, positive definite, so the representation is not unitary.
Measuring spin along the "x", "y", and "z" axes.
Each of the (Hermitian) Pauli matrices has two eigenvalues, +1 and −1. The corresponding normalized eigenvectors are:
By the postulates of quantum mechanics, an experiment designed to measure the electron spin on the "x", "y" or "z" axis can only yield an eigenvalue of the corresponding spin operator ("Sx", "Sy" or "Sz") on that axis, i.e. "ħ"/2 or –"ħ"/2. The quantum state of a particle (with respect to spin), can be represented by a two component spinor:
When the spin of this particle is measured with respect to a given axis (in this example, the "x"-axis), the probability that its spin will be measured as "ħ"/2 is just formula_39. Correspondingly, the probability that its spin will be measured as –"ħ"/2 is just formula_40. Following the measurement, the spin state of the particle will collapse into the corresponding eigenstate. As a result, if the particle's spin along a given axis has been measured to have a given eigenvalue, all measurements will yield the same eigenvalue (since formula_41, etc), provided that no measurements of the spin are made along other axes (see compatibility section below).
Measuring spin along an arbitrary axis.
The operator to measure spin along an arbitrary axis direction is easily obtained from the Pauli spin matrices. Let "u" = ("ux", "uy", "uz") be an arbitrary unit vector. Then the operator for spin in this direction is simply 
The operator "Su" has eigenvalues of ±"ħ"/2, just like the usual spin matrices. This method of finding the operator for spin in an arbitrary direction generalizes to higher spin states, one takes the dot product of the direction with a vector of the three operators for the three "x", "y", "z" axis directions.
A normalized spinor for spin-1/2 in the ("ux", "uy", "uz") direction (which works for all spin states except spin down where it will give 0/0), is:
The above spinor is obtained in the usual way by diagonalizing the formula_44 matrix and finding the eigenstates corresponding to the eigenvalues. In quantum mechanics, vectors are termed "normalized" when multiplied by a normalizing factor, which results in the vector having a length of unity.
Compatibility of spin measurements.
Since the Pauli matrices do not commute, measurements of spin along the different axes are incompatible. This means that if, for example, we know the spin along the "x"-axis, and we then measure the spin along the "y"-axis, we have invalidated our previous knowledge of the "x"-axis spin. This can be seen from the property of the eigenvectors (i.e. eigenstates) of the Pauli matrices that:
So when physicists measure the spin of a particle along the "x"-axis as, for example, "ħ"/2, the particle's spin state collapses into the eigenstate formula_46. When we then subsequently measure the particle's spin along the y-axis, the spin state will now collapse into either formula_47 or formula_48, each with probability 1/2. Let us say, in our example, that we measure –"ħ"/2. When we now return to measure the particle's spin along the x-axis again, the probabilities that we will measure "ħ"/2 or –"ħ"/2 are each 1/2 (i.e. they are formula_49 and formula_50 respectively). This implies that the original measurement of the spin along the x-axis is no longer valid, since the spin along the "x"-axis will now be measured to have either eigenvalue with equal probability.
Spin and parity.
In tables of the spin quantum number "s" for nuclei or particles, the spin is often followed by a "+" or "−". This refers to the parity with "+" for even parity (wave function unchanged by spatial inversion) and "−" for odd parity (wave function negated by spatial inversion). For example, see the isotopes of bismuth.
Applications.
Spin has important theoretical implications and practical applications. Well-established "direct" applications of spin include:
Electron spin plays an important role in magnetism, with applications for instance in computer memories. The manipulation of "nuclear spin" by radiofrequency waves (nuclear magnetic resonance) is important in chemical spectroscopy and medical imaging.
Spin-orbit coupling leads to the fine structure of atomic spectra, which is used in atomic clocks and in the modern definition of the second. Precise measurements of the g-factor of the electron have played an important role in the development and verification of quantum electrodynamics. "Photon spin" is associated with the polarization of light.
A possible future direct application of spin is as a binary information carrier in spin transistors. Original concept proposed in 1990 is known as Datta-Das spin transistor. Electronics based on spin transistors is called spintronics, which includes the manipulation of spins in semiconductor devices.
There are many "indirect" applications and manifestations of spin and the associated Pauli exclusion principle, starting with the periodic table of chemistry.
History.
Spin was first discovered in the context of the emission spectrum of alkali metals. In 1924 Wolfgang Pauli introduced what he called a "two-valued quantum degree of freedom" associated with the electron in the outermost shell. This allowed him to formulate the Pauli exclusion principle, stating that no two electrons can share the same quantum state at the same time.
The physical interpretation of Pauli's "degree of freedom" was initially unknown. Ralph Kronig, one of Landé's assistants, suggested in early 1925 that it was produced by the self-rotation of the electron. When Pauli heard about the idea, he criticized it severely, noting that the electron's hypothetical surface would have to be moving faster than the speed of light in order for it to rotate quickly enough to produce the necessary angular momentum. This would violate the theory of relativity. Largely due to Pauli's criticism, Kronig decided not to publish his idea.
In the autumn of 1925, the same thought came to two Dutch physicists, George Uhlenbeck and Samuel Goudsmit. Under the advice of Paul Ehrenfest, they published their results. It met a favorable response, especially after Llewellyn Thomas managed to resolve a factor-of-two discrepancy between experimental results and Uhlenbeck and Goudsmit's calculations (and Kronig's unpublished ones). This discrepancy was due to the orientation of the electron's tangent frame, in addition to its position.
Mathematically speaking, a fiber bundle description is needed. The tangent bundle effect is additive and relativistic; that is, it vanishes if "c" goes to infinity. It is one half of the value obtained without regard for the tangent space orientation, but with opposite sign. Thus the combined effect differs from the latter by a factor two (Thomas precession).
Despite his initial objections, Pauli formalized the theory of spin in 1927, using the modern theory of quantum mechanics invented by Schrödinger and Heisenberg. He pioneered the use of Pauli matrices as a representation of the spin operators, and introduced a two-component spinor wave-function.
Pauli's theory of spin was non-relativistic. However, in 1928, Paul Dirac published the Dirac equation, which described the relativistic electron. In the Dirac equation, a four-component spinor (known as a "Dirac spinor") was used for the electron wave-function. In 1940, Pauli proved the "spin-statistics theorem", which states that fermions have half-integer spin and bosons integer spin.
In retrospect, the first direct experimental evidence of the electron spin was the Stern–Gerlach experiment of 1922. However, the correct explanation of this experiment was only given in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19593845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593845" title="J. Henry Walters">
J. Henry Walters

John Henry Walters (January 23, 1874, Syracuse, Onondaga County, New York – January 28, 1952) was an American lawyer and politician. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate from 1919 to 1920.
Life.
He graduated from Syracuse High School in 1890.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Onondaga Co., 3rd D.) in 1908, 1909 and 1910.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (38th D.) from 1911 to 1920, sitting in the 134th, 135th, 136th, 137th, 138th, 139th, 140th, 141st, 142nd and 143rd New York State Legislatures; and was President pro tempore from 1919 to 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="19593847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593847" title="Seventies Power Ballads">
Seventies Power Ballads

Seventies Power Ballads - The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever! is an edition in "The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever!" series, which is a part of The Best... Album in the World...Ever! brand. This album was released September 29, 2008 and includes some of the biggest power ballads the 1970s had to offer. 
On March 16, 2009, the album was also released in a New Zealandic edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19593848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593848" title="Här kommer bärsärkarna">
Här kommer bärsärkarna

Här kommer bärsärkarna is a 1965 Swedish adventure film directed by Arne Mattsson and starring Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="19593892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593892" title="HM Prison Foston Hall">
HM Prison Foston Hall

HM Prison Foston Hall is a women's closed category prison and Young Offenders Institution, located in the village of Foston in Derbyshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The original Manor of Foston and Scropton was held by the Agard family from the 14th to the 17th century. It was bought by John Bate in 1679. Richard Bate was High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1705. Brownlow Bate sold the estate to John Broadhurst in 1784. The 17th century manor house was destroyed by fire in 1836, but many parts of that house survive.
A new Jacobethan house was designed by T.C. Hine of Nottingham and built in 1863. Its main two storey front has eight bays and an off-centre three-storey tower. The house is now a Grade II listed building.
HM Prison Service acquired the Hall and grounds in 1953. During its Prison Service history Foston Hall has been a Detention Centre, an immigration centre, and finally before its closure during 1996 a satellite of Sudbury Prison. It was re-opened on 31 July 1997, following major refurbishment and building work, as a closed-category female prison.
The prison today.
Foston Hall Prison is spread over seven wings that serve a variety of functions. The prison can accommodate 187 convicted prisoners, 80 remand prisoners and 16 juvenile prisoners. Foston Hall also has a Health Care Centre with three inpatient beds. 
The prison provides inmates with work the prison gardens, the gym, the textile and craft workshop and the kitchens, all of which can lead to qualifications. In addition the prison's education department offers NVQs in Cleaning Services and hairdressing, as well as basic and key skills learning. 

</doc>
<doc id="19593910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593910" title="Soha Jora">
Soha Jora

Suha Jora is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Pervez Rana. The film was a super hit in Lahore.film Sooha Jora ("Bridal Dress") was produced by Nargis husband Zubair Shah.

</doc>
<doc id="19593913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593913" title="Medium-speed vehicle">
Medium-speed vehicle

A medium-speed vehicle is legally allowed to travel up to . 
It is a relatively new class of vehicles allowed on the roads of some states in the United States. 
Montana's SB0185 was the first law to define this class of vehicle. 
The U.S. states of Kentucky, Minnesota, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, Texas, Tennessee, and Washington all now have laws that allow for such vehicles. 
Colorado has passed a law allowing MSVs that travel up to on roads with posted to that speed or less once DOT adopts standards. 
Additional states are considering such measures.
It is similar to a Neighborhood Electric Vehicle.
Many of the existing neighborhood electric vehicles such as the ZENN, the Ford Think Neighbor, and the Kurrent can easily be modified to travel at .

</doc>
<doc id="19593916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593916" title="Megyn Kelly">
Megyn Kelly

Megyn Marie Kelly (born November 18, 1970), formerly known as Megyn Kendall, is a news reporter on the Fox News Channel. Kelly currently hosts "The Kelly File" on weekdays at 9–10 PM Eastern time from the network's New York City headquarters. She previously hosted "America Live". Prior to that, Kelly co-hosted "America's Newsroom" along with Bill Hemmer. From 2007 to 2012, the two also hosted Fox News Channel's New Year's Eve special, All American New Year.
Personal life and education.
Kelly was born in Syracuse, New York, and was nine years old when her parents moved to Delmar, New York. At Bethlehem Central High School, she played on the basketball and field hockey teams and captained the cheerleading squad. Kelly's father, who was on the staff of the University at Albany, died when she was 15 years old. After high school, she pursued an undergraduate degree in Political Science at Syracuse University, was a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, and later earned a J.D. from Albany Law School, where she served as an associate editor of the "Albany Law Review".
Kelly's first marriage, to Daniel Kendall, an anesthesiologist, ended in divorce in 2006. In 2008, she married Douglas Brunt, President and CEO of Authentium, who is now a full-time writer and novelist. They have three children.
Career in law.
Following her graduation from Albany Law School in 1995, Kelly was an associate in the Chicago office of law firm Bickel & Brewer LLP, during which time she co-wrote an article for the American Bar Association's journal, "Litigation", called "The Conflicting Roles of Lawyer as Director". She later joined Jones Day for nine years, where she served as an attorney for credit bureau Experian.
Career in journalism.
Kelly moved to Washington, D.C., where she was hired by the ABC News affiliate WJLA-TV as a general assignment reporter. While at WJLA-TV she covered significant national and local events including major national events such as the 2004 presidential election and the Beltway sniper attacks. She then applied for a job at Fox Entertainment Group in 2004. Prior to her anchor role on the Fox News network she served as a general assignment reporter located in Washington, D.C., where she provided live coverage of the confirmation hearings for U.S. Supreme Court Justice Samuel A. Alito, Jr., and Chief Justice John G. Roberts. She also reported on the retirement of Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and the death of Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist.
Kelly contributed legal segments for "Special Report with Brit Hume" and hosted her own legal segment, "Kelly's Court", during "Weekend Live". She appeared on a weekly segment on "The O'Reilly Factor" and occasionally filled in for Greta Van Susteren on "On the Record" where most of her reporting focused on legal and political matters. She occasionally contributed as an anchor, but more often as a substitute anchor on weekends. On February 1, 2010, Kelly began hosting her own two hour show, "America Live", replacing Fox News' previous show "The Live Desk". She has been a guest-panelist on Fox News' late-night satire program "Red Eye w/ Greg Gutfeld". In 2010, viewership for "America Live" increased by 20%, averaging 1,293,000 viewers, and increased by 4% in the 25–54 age demographic, averaging 268,000 viewers.
Kelly received media attention for her coverage of the results of the 2012 United States presidential election. On November 6, 2012, the night of the election, Fox News projected that Obama would win a second term after part of the results had been released. In response to Karl Rove's opposition to this projection, Kelly asked Rove, "Is this just math that you do as a Republican to make yourself feel better? Or is this real?"
Kelly left as host of "America Live" in the beginning of July 2013 for maternity leave and began hosting "The Kelly File" hour show, airing weekdays at 9 p.m. EDT, on October 7, 2013.
In December 2013, remarks made by Kelly in reaction to a "Slate" article drew controversy. On her Fox News segment, "the Kelly File", she quipped that "For all you kids watching at home, Santa just is white, but this person is just arguing that maybe we should also have a black Santa," adding, "But Santa is what he is, and just so you know, we’re just debating this because someone wrote about it." Kelly also stated that Jesus was a white man later in the segment. Soon after, Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, Rachel Maddow, Josh Barro and others satirized her remarks. Two days later, she made additional on-air statements, characterizing her original comments as "tongue-in-cheek", and stating that the skin color of Jesus is "far from settled"

</doc>
<doc id="19593941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593941" title="1978 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1978 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1978 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1978. The team's head football coach was Jim Dickey. 1978 was the first year at Kanasas State for Jim Dickey. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium.
Schedule.
!colspan=7| Regular season
Table references

</doc>
<doc id="19593943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593943" title="Passer passer piger">
Passer passer piger

Passer passer piger is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Sven Methling and starring Helle Virkner.

</doc>
<doc id="19593950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593950" title="Jean-Charles Cornay">
Jean-Charles Cornay

Saint Jean-Charles Cornay, M.E.P., (27 February 1809 – 20 September 1837) was a French missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society who was martyred in Vietnam. He was executed in Ha Tay, Tonkin, now Vietnam, during the persecutions of Emperor Minh Mạng.
A town in France still carries his name.
Cornay was beatified on 27 May 1900, and canonized by Pope John Paul II on 19 June 1988.
Biography.
He was born in Loudun, Vienne, France, the third child of Jean-Baptiste Cornay (born 1777) and Françoise Mayaud (1780-1857); he had one brother, Eugène (1817-1893), and three sisters: Élisabeth (1804-1871), Olympe (1806-1888), and Louise (1821-1890). Their parents brought them up as good Catholics. Jean-Charles was baptized on 3 March 1809 in the church of Saint-Pierre-du-Marché in Loudun. His godparents were Henri Mayaud and Thérèse Cornay, his aunt.
Cornay studied first at the school Saint-Louis in Saumur, then in the Jesuit minor seminary in Montmorillon, after which he studied at the major seminary of Poitiers. He was known as a normal student, humble and with a gentle disposition.
At Poitiers, Cornay received the tonsure on 1 June 1828 and Minor Orders on 14 June 1829. He was installed as a sub-deacon on 6 June 1830 in the Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul of Poitiers.
After he completed his theological studies, Corday left Poitiers to enter the seminary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society on 13 October 1830. His missionary vocation was met with reluctance and misunderstanding on the part of his parents. This his first struggle to be faithful to God's call put him in opposition to the wishes of his parents, while maintaining his filial love. To his mother he said: “Just let me go to Paris, I will have at least three years there with every opportunity to examine my vocation, and all the means of preparing for it if it is authentic”. But his stay at the Foreign Missions Seminary in Paris was brief, due to periods of insecurity following the July Revolution. The seminary was targeted; Cornay wrote in his diary: "Yesterday our seminary was invaded and seven or eight posters were put up, proclaiming ‘Death to the Jesuits of the Rue du Bac', and a dagger as signature".
Corday was ordained a deacon in 1831 and left France to go to the Sichuan province of China. His departure was hurried because of the need to replace an other missionary. His intended destination was Szechwan in China, some 1,250 miles from the coast. After six months of travel he landed in Macau, in Tonkin, in the midst of the violent persecution of 1831. Two guides had been sent to accompany him up the Yang-Tse-Kiang to reach Sichuan, but they never arrived. Cornay was stuck in Tonkin.
Cornay was secretly ordained to the priesthood three years later on 26 April 1834 by Bishop Joseph-Marie-Pélagie Havard, M.E.P., Coadjutor Apostolic Vicar of Western Tonkin, after traveling along the Red River disguised as a Chinese. With no hope of reaching China from Tonkin, he chose to stay there. In his grueling ministry he was always calm, even joyous. Even his deteriorating health did nothing to reduce his faith.
Corday was arrested in 1837, accused of being the leader of an evil sect and of fomenting a rebellion. He was subjected to the cangue (a wooden torture collar) and then the cage. His response to torture was to sing. “After fifty blows I was untied. Arriving at the prison, I sang the "Salve Regina", the hymn to the Virgin”.
On 20 September 1837, as decreed by the Emperor Minh Mang, he was dismembered and beheaded near the Son-Tay citadel, not far from Hanoi. His head was displayed for three days and then thrown into the river. 
In the midst of all kinds of difficulties and even when facing death, Cornay proclaimed his faith: “The Lord is faithful: he expects from us a total trust in his promises”. He wrote to his parents: “When you receive this letter, my dear father, my dear mother, do not grieve for my death; by consenting to my departure, you have already made most of the sacrifice”. His remains are in the church at Chieu-Ung.
Cornay's example occasioned the vocation of Saint Théophane Vénard, M.E.P. (1829-1861), who was among those canonized the same day as he.
Cornay was declared Venerable on 19 June 1840 by Pope Gregory XVI. He was included in the Martyrology on 2 July 1899 by Pope Leo XIII after he had been beatified by that pope on 27 May 1900. He was canonized by Pope John Paul II on 19 June 1988 as one of the 117 Martyrs of Vietnam, whose feast day is celebrated on 24 November.

</doc>
<doc id="19593951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593951" title="M. C. Frank Chang">
M. C. Frank Chang

Mau-Chung Frank Chang (, born February 20, 1951) is Professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he conducts research and teaching on RF CMOS design, high speed integrated circuit design, data converter, and mixed-signal circuit designs . He is the Director of the UCLA High Speed Electronics Laboratory. Before joining UCLA in 1997, he was the Assistant Director and Department Manager of the High Speed Electronics Laboratory at the Rockwell Science Center (now Teledyne Technologies) from 1983 to 1997 in Thousand Oaks, California. In this tenure, he successfully developed and transferred AlGaAs/GaAs Heterojunction Bipolar Transistor (HBT) and BiFET (Planar HBT/MESFET) integrated circuits technologies form the research laboratory to the production line. The HBT and BiFET productions have grown into multi-billion dollar businesses worldwide. He was the inventor of the multi-band, re-configurable RF-Interconnects based on FDMA and CDMA multiple access algorithms for intra- and inter-ULSI communications. Chang was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2008, for the development and commercialization of GaAs HBT power amplifiers and integrated circuits. He received the IEEE David Sarnoff Award in 2006 and became a Fellow of IEEE in 1996. He also received Pan Wen-Yuan Foundation Award in 2008, Rockwell’s Leonardo da Vinci Award (Engineer of the Year) in 1992, National Chiao Tung University’s Distinguished Alumnus Award in 1997, and the National Tsing Hua University Distinguished Alumnus Award in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19593964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593964" title="Sarcasm">
Sarcasm

Sarcasm is "a sharp, bitter, or cutting expression or remark; a bitter gibe or taunt." Sarcasm may employ ambivalence, although sarcasm is not necessarily ironic. 
"The distinctive quality of sarcasm is present in the spoken word and manifested chiefly by vocal inflections". The sarcastic content of a statement will be dependent upon the context in which it appears.
Origin of the term.
The word comes from the Greek "σαρκασμός" ("sarkasmos") which is taken from the word "σαρκάζειν" meaning "to tear flesh, bite the lip in rage, sneer".
It is first recorded in English in 1579, in an annotation to "The Shepheardes Calender" by Edmund Spenser:
However, the word "sarcastic", meaning "Characterized by or involving sarcasm; given to the use of sarcasm; bitterly cutting or caustic", doesn't appear until 1695.
Usage.
In its entry on irony, Dictionary.com describes sarcasm thus:
In sarcasm, ridicule or mockery is used harshly, often crudely and contemptuously, for destructive purposes. It may be used in an indirect manner, and have the form of irony, as in "What a fine musician you turned out to be!," "It's like you're a whole different person now...," and "Oh... Well then thanks for all the first aid over the years!" or it may be used in the form of a direct statement, "You couldn't play one piece correctly if you had two assistants." The distinctive quality of sarcasm is present in the spoken word and manifested chiefly by vocal inflection ...
Distinguishing sarcasm from banter, and referring to the use of irony in sarcasm, Bousfield writes that sarcasm is: The use of strategies which, "on the surface" appear to be appropriate to the situation, but are meant to be taken as meaning the opposite in terms of "face management". That is, the utterance which appears, on the surface, to maintain or enhance the face of the recipient actually attacks and damages the face of the recipient. ... "sarcasm" is an insincere form of politeness which is used to offend one's interlocutor.
John Haiman writes: "There is an extremely close connection between sarcasm and irony, and literary theorists in particular often treat sarcasm as simply the crudest and least interesting form of irony." Also, he adds:
First, situations may be ironic, but only people can be sarcastic. Second, people may be unintentionally ironic, but sarcasm requires intention. What is essential to sarcasm is that it is overt irony intentionally used by the speaker as a form of verbal aggression.
While, Henry Watson Fowler writes:
Sarcasm does not necessarily involve irony. But irony, or the use of expressions conveying different things according as they are interpreted, is so often made the vehicle of sarcasm ... The essence of sarcasm is the intention of giving pain by (ironical or other) bitter words.
Understanding.
Understanding the subtlety of this usage requires second-order interpretation of the speaker's or writer's intentions; different parts of the brain must work together to understand sarcasm. This sophisticated understanding can be lacking in some people with certain forms of brain damage, dementia and autism (although not always), and this perception has been located by MRI in the right parahippocampal gyrus. Research has shown that people with damage in the prefrontal cortex have difficulty understanding non-verbal aspects of language like tone, Richard Delmonico, a neuropsychologist at the University of California, Davis, told an interviewer. Such research could help doctors distinguish between different types of neurodegenerative diseases, such as frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease, according to David Salmon, a neuroscientist at the University of California, San Diego.
In William Brant's "Critique of Sarcastic Reason", sarcasm is hypothesized to develop as a cognitive and emotional tool that adolescents use in order to test the borders of politeness and truth in conversation. Sarcasm recognition and expression both require the development of understanding forms of language, especially if sarcasm occurs without a cue or signal (e.g., a sarcastic tone or rolling the eyes). Sarcasm is argued to be more sophisticated than lying because lying is expressed as early as the age of three, but sarcastic expressions take place much later during development (Brant, 2012). According to Brant (2012, 145-6), sarcasm is
Cultural perspectives on sarcasm vary widely with more than a few cultures and linguistic groups finding it offensive to varying degrees. Thomas Carlyle despised it: "Sarcasm I now see to be, in general, the language of the devil; for which reason I have long since as good as renounced it". Fyodor Dostoyevsky, on the other hand, recognized in it a cry of pain: Sarcasm, he said, was "usually the last refuge of modest and chaste-souled people when the privacy of their soul is coarsely and intrusively invaded." RFC 1855, a collection of guidelines for Internet communications, includes a warning to be especially careful with it as it "may not travel well." A professional translator has advised that international business executives "should generally avoid sarcasm in intercultural business conversations and written communications" because of the difficulties in translating sarcasm.
Vocal indication.
In English, sarcasm is often telegraphed with kinesic/prosodic cues by speaking more slowly and with a lower pitch. Similarly, Dutch uses a lowered pitch; sometimes to such an extent that the expression is reduced to a mere mumble. But other research shows that there are many ways that real speakers signal sarcastic intentions. One study found that in Cantonese, sarcasm is indicated by raising the fundamental frequency of one's voice.
Punctuation.
Though in the English language there is no standard accepted method to denote irony or sarcasm in written conversation, several forms of punctuation have been proposed. Among the oldest and frequently attested are the percontation point—furthered by Henry Denham in the 1580s—and the irony mark—furthered by Alcanter de Brahm in the 19th century. Both of these marks were represented visually by a ⸮ backwards question mark (unicode U+2E2E). Each of these punctuation marks are primarily used to indicate that a sentence should be understood as ironic, but not necessarily designate sarcasm that is not ironic. By contrast, more recent proposals, such as the snark mark, or the use of a following tilde are specifically intended to denote sarcasm rather than irony. A bracketed exclamation point or question mark as well as scare quotes are also sometimes used to express irony or ironic sarcasm.
In certain Ethiopic languages, sarcasm and unreal phrases are indicated at the end of a sentence with a sarcasm mark called temherte slaq, a character that looks like an inverted exclamation point ¡. The usage directly parallels John Wilkins' 1668 proposal to use the inverted exclamation point as an irony mark. A proposal by Asteraye Tsigie and Daniel Yacob in 1999 to include the "temherte slaq" in unicode was unsuccessful.
Identifying sarcasm.
A French company has developed an analytics tool that claims to have up to 80% accuracy in identifying sarcastic comments posted online.
References.
^ Partridge, E. (1969). Usage and Abusage: A Guide to Good English. Penguin Press. ISBN 0-393-31709-9. "Irony must not be confused with sarcasm..."
Brant, William. (2012). Critique of Sarcastic Reason: The Epistemology of the Cognitive Neurological Ability Called “Theory of Mind” and Deceptive Reasoning. Südwestdeutscher Verlag für Hochschulschriften. Saarbrücken, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19593983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593983" title="Minuscule 565">
Minuscule 565

Minuscule 565 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 93 (Soden), also known as the "Empress Theodora's Codex", is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, written on purple parchment, dated palaeographically to the 9th century. It was labelled by Scrivener as 473.
The manuscript is lacunose.
Description.
The codex is one of only two known purple minuscules (minuscule 1143 is the other) written with gold ink. It contains the text of the four Gospels on 392 purple parchment leaves (17.6 by 19.2 cm) lacunae (Matthew 20:18-26, 21:45-22:9, Luke 10:36-11:2, 18:25-37, 20:24-26, 11:26-48, 13:2-23, John 17:1-12). The text is written in one column per page, 17 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose number are given at the margin, and the τιτλοι ("titles of chapters") at the top of the pages (in silver uncials). There is also a division according to the Ammonian Sections, (no references to the Eusebian Canons).
It contains the Eusebian tables (added by later hand), tables of the ("tables of contents") are placed before every Gospel. It has the famous Jerusalem Colophon.
The manuscript is similar to Beratinus 2.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, has been understood as a representative of the so-called Caesarean text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. In Mark this manuscript is closely aligned to Codex Koridethi. According to Aland the quality of the text is higher in Gospel of Mark, and lower in Matthew and Luke. In John manuscript 565 is a member of Famly 1.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the Alexandrian text in Luke 1 and Kx in Luke 10 and Luke 20.
In John 1:29 it lacks ο Ιωαννης along with manuscripts Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Cyprius, Campianus, Petropolitanus Purpureus, Vaticanus 354, Nanianus, Macedoniensis, Sangallensis, Koridethi, Petropolitanus, Athous Lavrensis, 045, 047, 0141, 8, 9, 1192;
In John 14:14 the entire verse is omitted along with the manuscripts: X "f"1 1009 1365 ℓ "76" ℓ "253" b vgmss syrs, pal arm geo Diatessaron.
It lacks the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:1), with an explanatory note.
History.
The manuscript comes from the area of the Black Sea. In 1829 it was brought to Petersburg. The manuscript was examined and described by Eduard de Muralt (along with the codices 566, 568-572, 574, 575, and 1567). The text of Mark was edited in 1885 by Johannes Engebretsen Belsheim.
The codex now is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 53) at Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19593996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19593996" title="Lava lamp">
Lava lamp

A lava lamp (or Astro lamp) is a decorative novelty item, invented by British accountant Edward Craven-Walker in 1963. The lamp contains blobs of coloured wax inside a glass vessel filled with clear or translucent liquid; the wax rises and falls as its density changes due to heating from an incandescent light bulb underneath the vessel. The appearance of the wax is suggestive of pāhoehoe lava, hence the name. The lamps are designed in a variety of styles and colours.
Operation.
A classic lamp contains a standard incandescent bulb or halogen lamp which heats a tall (often tapered) glass bottle. A formula from 1968 US patent consisted of water and a transparent, translucent or opaque mix of mineral oil, paraffin wax and carbon tetrachloride.p 2 line 30 The clear water and/or mineral oil can optionally be coloured with transparent dyes.
Common wax has a density much lower than that of water, and would float on top under any temperature. However, carbon tetrachloride is heavier than water (also nonflammable and miscible with wax), and is added to the wax to make its density at room temperature slightly higher than that of the water. When heated, the wax mixture becomes less dense than the water, because the wax expands more than water when both are heated.p 1 lines 40 and 45 It also becomes fluid, and blobs of wax ascend to the top of the device where they cool (which increases their density relative to that of the water) and then they descend.p 1 line 47 A metallic wire coil in the base of the bottle acts as a surface tension breaker to recombine the cooled blobs of wax after they descend.
However, lava lamps made for the US market since 1970 do not use carbon tetrachloride, because its use was banned that year due to toxicity. The manufacturer (Haggerty) states that their current formulation is a trade secret.
The underlying fluid mechanics phenomenon is a form of Rayleigh–Taylor instability.
The bulb is normally 25 to 40 watts. Generally it will take 45–60 minutes for the wax to warm up enough to freely form rising blobs, when operating the lamp at standard room temperature. It may take as long as 2 to 3 hours if the room is below standard room temperature.
Once the wax is molten, the lamp should not be shaken or knocked over or the two fluids may emulsify, and the fluid surrounding the wax blobs will remain cloudy rather than clear. Some recombination will occur as part of the normal cycle of the wax in the container, but the only means to recombine all of wax is to turn off the lamp and wait a few hours. The wax will settle back down at the bottom, forming one blob once again. Severe cases can require many heat-cool cycles to clear.
History.
A British accountant Edward Craven-Walker invented the lava lamp in 1963, after watching a homemade egg timer made out of a cocktail shaker filled with liquids bubbling on a stove top at a pub. His for "Display Device" was filed in 1965 and issued in 1968.
Craven-Walker's company was named Crestworth and was based in Poole, Dorset, in the United Kingdom. Craven-Walker named the lamp "Astro", and had variations such as the "Astro Mini" and the "Astro Coach" lantern.
Craven-Walker presented it at a Brussels trade show in 1965, where the entrepreneur Adolph Wertheimer noticed it. Wertheimer and his business partner William M. Rubinstein bought the US rights to manufacture and sell it as the "Lava Lite" via Lava Corporation or Lava Manufacturing Corporation. Wertheimer sold his shares to Hy Spector who took the product into production, manufacturing and marketing the Lava Lite in his Chicago factory at 1650 W. Irving Park Rd in the mid-1960s. Rubinstein stayed on as a vice president.
The lamps were a success throughout the 1960s and early 1970s. Lava Corporation's name changed to Lava-Simplex-Scribe International in the early 1970s, and they also made instant-loading camera-film cartridges, as well as postage-stamp vending machines. In the late 1970s Spector sold Lava Simplex International to Michael Eddie and Lawrence Haggerty of Haggerty Enterprises. Haggerty Enterprises continues to sell their lava lamp in the US.
In the 1990s, Craven-Walker, who had retained the rights for the rest of the world, took on a business partner called Cressida Granger. They changed the company name to Mathmos in 1992. Mathmos continues to make Lava Lamps and related products. Astro lavalamp was launched in 1963 and celebrates its 50th anniversary in 2013. Mathmos lava lamps are still made in the original factory in Poole, Dorset, UK.
Hazards.
In 2004, a man from Kent, Washington was killed while attempting to heat up a lava lamp on a kitchen stove while closely observing it from only a few feet away. The heat from the stove built up pressure in the lamp until it exploded and a shard pierced his heart causing fatal injuries.
The circumstances of his death were later reenacted in a 2006 episode of the popular science television series "MythBusters". The show found that even if shards of glass are not thrown with lethal velocity during such an attempt, the resulting spray of hot liquid from the lamp could easily cause severe burns to anyone nearby. The show also noted that the safety instructions clearly state that lava lamps should not be heated by any source other than the specifically rated bulbs and purpose-designed bases that are provided.

</doc>
<doc id="19594022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594022" title="It's Nifty in the Navy">
It's Nifty in the Navy

"It's Nifty in the Navy" () is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19594027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594027" title="La Vie de Bohème (film)">
La Vie de Bohème (film)

La Vie de Bohème is a 1992 film directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Matti Pellonpää, Evelyne Didi and André Wilms. Kaurismäki's screenplay for the film was based on Henri Murger's influential novel "Scènes de la Vie de Bohème" which has spawned several on-screen adaptations as well as plays and operas, the most notable one being Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème".
The film was a critical success earning several awards. FIPRESCI awarded the film the Forum of New Cinema award at the 1992 Berlin International Film Festival. At the 1992 European Film Awards, Matti Pellonpää and André Wilms were awarded the Best European Actor and Best Supporting Actor respectively while Evelyne Didi was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress and the film was nominated for the Best Film Award. Kaurismäki won the Best Director award at the 1993 Jussi Awards.
Le Havre (2011) is a follow-up movie to La vie de Bohème having many of the same actors 19 years older.
Plot.
Marcel (André Wilms) is an impoverished Parisian poet and playwright who is evicted from his extremely modest room after he is unable to pay rent for it. While roaming the streets of Paris, he meets Rodolfo (Matti Pellonpää), a painter from Albania who is almost equally poor and is in the country illegally. They quickly discover they are kindred spirits since they both share the same love for art without much regard for their worldly well-being. The two eventually make another friend in Schaunard (Kari Väänänen), an Irish composer who is now renting Marcel's former room. The three friends help each other in the daily struggle to survive by sharing whatever little money they have among each other in order to maintain a basic and simple standard of living.
Rodolfo's life is interrupted when he meets Mimi (Evelyne Didi), a poor French girl with whom he falls madly in love. But Rodolfo is soon deported back to Albania due to not having a visa. He is unable to return to Paris for six months and, by then, Mimi has moved on and found another boyfriend. Rodolfo, Marcel and Schaunard scrape together what food they have and have a meal together to celebrate the feast of All Saints. Mimi shows up and informs Rodolfo that she has left her boyfriend to be with him again, but she is ill and dies the next spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19594028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594028" title="Theoretical physics">
Theoretical physics

Theoretical physics is a branch of physics which employs mathematical models and abstractions of physical objects and systems to rationalize, explain and predict natural phenomena. This is in contrast to experimental physics, which uses experimental tools to probe these phenomena.
The advancement of science depends in general on the interplay between experimental studies and theory. In some cases, theoretical physics adheres to standards of mathematical rigor while giving little weight to experiments and observations. For example, while developing special relativity, Albert Einstein was concerned with the Lorentz transformation which left Maxwell's equations invariant, but was apparently uninterested in the Michelson–Morley experiment on Earth's drift through a luminiferous ether. On the other hand, Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize for explaining the photoelectric effect, previously an experimental result lacking a theoretical formulation.
Overview.
A physical theory is a model of physical events. It is judged by the extent to which its predictions agree with empirical observations. The quality of a physical theory is also judged on its ability to make new predictions which can be verified by new observations. A physical theory differs from a mathematical theorem in that while both are based on some form of axioms, judgment of mathematical applicability is not based on agreement with any experimental results.
A physical theory involves one or more relationships between various measurable quantities. Archimedes realized that a ship floats by displacing its mass of water, Pythagoras understood the relation between the length of a vibrating string and the musical tone it produces. Other examples include entropy as a measure of the uncertainty regarding the positions and motions of unseen particles and the quantum mechanical idea that (action and) energy are not continuously variable.
Theoreticial physics consists of several different approaches. In this regard, theoretical particle physics forms a good example. For instance: "phenomenologists" might employ (semi-) empirical formulas to agree with experimental results, often without deep physical understanding. "Modellers" (also called "model-builders") often appear much like phenomenologists, but try to model speculative theories that have certain desirable features (rather than on experimental data), or apply the techniques of mathematical modelling to physics problems. Some attempt to create approximate theories, called "effective theories", because fully developed theories may be regarded as unsolvable or too complicated. Other theorists may try to unify, formalise, reinterpret or generalise extant theories, or create completely new ones altogether. Sometimes the vision provided by pure mathematical systems can provide clues to how a physical system might be modeled; e.g., the notion, due to Riemann and others, that space itself might be curved. Theoretical problems that need computational investigation are often the concern 
of computational physics.
Theoretical advances may consist in setting aside old, incorrect paradigms (e.g., burning consists of evolving phlogiston, or astronomical bodies revolve around the Earth) or may be an alternative model that provides answers that are more accurate or that can be more widely applied. In the latter case, a correspondence principle will be required to recover the previously known result.
Physical theories become accepted if they are able to make correct predictions and no (or few) incorrect ones. The theory should have, at least as a secondary objective, a certain economy and elegance (compare to mathematical beauty), a notion sometimes called "Occam's razor" after the 13th-century English philosopher William of Occam (or Ockham), in which the simpler of two theories that describe the same matter just as adequately is preferred (but conceptual simplicity may mean mathematical complexity). They are also more likely to be accepted if they connect a wide range of phenomena. Testing the consequences of a theory is part of the scientific method.
Physical theories can be grouped into three categories: "mainstream theories", "proposed theories" and "fringe theories".
History.
Theoretical physics began at least 2,300 years ago, under the Pre-socratic philosophy, and continued by Plato and Aristotle, whose views held sway for a millennium. During the rise of medieval universities, the only acknowledged intellectual disciplines were the seven liberal arts of the "Trivium" like grammar, logic, and rhetoric and of the "Quadrivium" like arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy. As the concepts of matter, energy, space, time and causality slowly began to acquire the form we know today, other sciences spun off from the rubric of natural philosophy. During the Middle Ages and Renaissance, the concept of experimental science, the counterpoint to theory, began with scholars such as Ibn al-Haytham and Francis Bacon. The modern era of theory began perhaps with the Copernican paradigm shift in astronomy, soon followed by Johannes Kepler's expressions for planetary orbits, which summarized the meticulous observations of Tycho Brahe.
The great push toward the modern concept of explanation started with Galileo, one of the few physicists who was both a consummate theoretician and a great experimentalist. The analytic geometry and mechanics of Descartes were incorporated into the calculus and mechanics of Isaac Newton, another theoretician/experimentalist of the highest order, writing Principia Mathematica. In it contained a grand synthesis of the work of Copernicus, Galileo and Kepler; as well as Newton's theories of mechanics and gravitation, which held sway as worldviews until the early 20th century. Joseph-Louis Lagrange, Leonhard Euler and William Rowan Hamilton would extend the theory of classical mechanics considerably. Each of these individuals picked up the interactive intertwining of mathematics and physics begun two millennia earlier by Pythagoras.
Among the great conceptual achievements of the 19th and 20th centuries were the consolidation of the idea of energy by the inclusion of heat, then electricity and magnetism and light. The laws of thermodynamics, and most importantly the introduction of the singular concept of entropy began to provide a macroscopic explanation for the properties of matter. Statistical mechanics (followed by statistical physics) emerged as an offshoot of thermodynamics late in the 19th century. Another important event in the 19th century was the discovery of electromagnetic theory, unifying the previously separate phenomena of electricity, magnetism and light. 
The pillars of modern physics, and perhaps the most revolutionary theories in the history of physics, have been relativity theory and quantum mechanics. Newtonian mechanics was subsumed under special relativity and Newton's gravity was given a kinematic explanation by general relativity. Quantum mechanics led to an understanding of blackbody radiation (which indeed, was an original motivation for the theory) and of anomalies in the specific heats of solids — and finally to an understanding of the internal structures of atoms and molecules. Quantum mechanics soon gave way to the formulation of quantum field theory (QFT), begun in the late 1920s. The 1960s and 70s saw the formulation of the Standard model of particle physics using QFT, in parallel to applications of relativity to problems in astronomy and cosmology.
All of these achievements depended on the theoretical physics as a moving force both to suggest experiments and to consolidate results — often by ingenious application of existing mathematics, or, as in the case of Descartes and Newton (with Leibniz), by inventing new mathematics. Fourier's studies of heat conduction led to a new branch of mathematics: infinite, orthogonal series.
Modern theoretical physics attempts to unify theories and explain phenomena in further attempts to understand the Universe, from the cosmological to the elementary particle scale. Where experimentation cannot be done, theoretical physics still tries to advance through the use of mathematical models.
Mainstream theories.
Mainstream theories (sometimes referred to as "central theories") are the body of knowledge of both factual and scientific views and possess a usual scientific quality of the tests of repeatability, consistency with existing well-established science and experimentation. There do exist mainstream theories that are generally accepted theories based solely upon their effects explaining a wide variety of data, although the detection, explanation, and possible composition are subjects of debate.
Proposed theories.
The proposed theories of physics are usually relatively new theories which deal with the study of physics which include scientific approaches, means for determining the validity of models and new types of reasoning used to arrive at the theory. However, some proposed theories include theories that have been around for decades and have eluded methods of discovery and testing. Proposed theories can include fringe theories in the process of becoming established (and, sometimes, gaining wider acceptance). Proposed theories usually have not been tested.
Fringe theories.
Fringe theories include any new area of scientific endeavor in the process of becoming established and some proposed theories. It can include speculative sciences. This includes physics fields and physical theories presented in accordance with known evidence, and a body of associated predictions have been made according to that theory.
Some fringe theories go on to become a widely accepted part of physics. Other fringe theories end up being disproven. Some fringe theories are a form of protoscience and others are a form of pseudoscience. The falsification of the original theory sometimes leads to reformulation of the theory.
Thought experiments vs real experiments.
"Thought" experiments are situations created in one's mind, asking a question akin to "suppose you are in this situation, assuming such is true, what would follow?". They are usually created to investigate phenomena that are not readily experienced in every-day situations. Famous examples of such thought experiments are Schrödinger's cat, the EPR thought experiment, simple illustrations of time dilation, and so on. These usually lead to real experiments designed to verify that the conclusion (and therefore the assumptions) of the thought experiments are correct. The EPR thought experiment led to the Bell inequalities, which were then tested to various degrees of rigor, leading to the acceptance of the current formulation of quantum mechanics and probabilism as a working hypothesis.

</doc>
<doc id="19594065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594065" title="Jared Taylor (rugby league)">
Jared Taylor (rugby league)

"For the American journalist, see Jared Taylor."
Jared Taylor born in Australia is a rugby league player for the Pia Donkeys in the Elite One Championship. Lézignan Sangliers in the Elite One Championship. He plays as a full-back or on the wing.
In 2008 he was named in the France squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19594068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594068" title="Robert Veitch">
Robert Veitch

Robert Toswill Veitch (1823 – 1885) was a member of the family of horticulturists who established the renowned family business Veitch Nurseries.
Veitch was the younger son of James Veitch and grandson of John Veitch. He spent some time farming on the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa, before returning to England to join the family nursery company in 1856.
In 1863, following the death of his father, he took over the Exeter branch of the family nursery business, which became Robert Veitch & Sons. Robert moved the nursery to New North Road in 1864, and opened another seed warehouse in the High Street. He was joined in 1880 by his son, Peter, who had travelled extensively in his youth. Peter brought his experiences of French and German nurseries into the company as well as an element of flair from the Chelsea, London nursery. 
Robert landscaped many Exeter parks as well as the Higher Cemetery. He was laid to rest during 1885 in the old St Leonards cemetery, which is an annexe of the Higher Cemetery.
Following Robert’s death in 1885, his son Peter became head of the Exeter branch of the business.

</doc>
<doc id="19594093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594093" title="The Girl and the Millionaire">
The Girl and the Millionaire

The Girl and the Millionaire () is a 1965 Danish comedy film directed by Ebbe Langberg and starring Dirch Passer.

</doc>
<doc id="19594124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594124" title="2002 MTV Europe Music Awards">
2002 MTV Europe Music Awards

The 2002 Europe Music Awards were held at Palau Sant Jordi, Barcelona.
Performances included a rendition of "Dirrty" from Christina Aguilera featuring Redman as they performed in a boxing ring with Christina sporting leather chaps. Pink, Bon Jovi and Foo Fighters each performed as did Coldplay and Eminem, both making their EMA debut.
Winners on the night included Jennifer Lopez, taking Best Female for the second year running.
Kylie Minogue, Pamela Anderson, Sophie Ellis Bextor, Jade Jagger and Pierce Brosnan presented awards.
Nominations.
Winners are in bold text.
Regional nominations.
Winners are in bold text.

</doc>
<doc id="19594134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594134" title="Hari Dhillon">
Hari Dhillon

Hari Dillon (), also rendered Hari Dhillon or Harry Dillon, is an American television, film and stage actor, best known for playing Mr Michael Spence in over 100 episodes of the British television medical drama series "Holby City". On 20 December 2011, Dillon's character appeared to leave the show, although there had been no publicity to say that Dhillon was leaving, and he returned on the 27th December 2011, deciding to return after saving a young boy's life in Ukraine.
Early life and education.
Dillon was born and raised in San Francisco. He spent nine months of his childhood in India. He took one acting class at UC Berkeley in his senior year at San Francisco State University. After graduation, he worked as a prison AIDS educator in California and Hawaii before setting up a theatre company in San Francisco with friends. In 1994, he attended drama school in the United Kingdom.
Career.
Dillon originally appeared in "Holby City" in 2001 as recurring minor character Dr. Sunil Gupta, before returning in November 2007 as consultant Michael Spence. His appearances in US TV shows include "Medium", "Charmed", "Without a Trace" and "The Loop". He also had minor, unnamed roles in the films "Cradle 2 the Grave", "Wit" and "Entrapment".
Dhillon's theatre roles include the premiere production of Charles L. Mee's "A Perfect Wedding", which was the inaugural production of the Kirk Douglas Theatre in Los Angeles, and the original production of Stephen Belber's "Drifting Elegant" at San Francisco's Magic Theatre, which was later developed into a feature film. In London, he appeared in the original production of Helen Edmundson's "Mother Teresa Is Dead" at the Royal Court Theatre.
Theatre.
Dhillon has had positive reviews for many of the stage plays in which he performed. These include "Mother Teresa Is Dead" (2002), Royal Court Theatre, London, "Drifting Elegant" (2004), Magic Theatre, San Francisco, "A Perfect Wedding" (2004), Kirk Douglas Theatre, Los Angeles, and "Morbidity and Mortality" (2006), Magic Theatre, San Francisco.
Theatre recognition.
Of Dhillon's performance as Dr. Anil Petal in the stage play "Morbidity and Mortality", reviewer Dennis Harvey of "Variety" wrote ""Dhillon is terrific as a modest misanthrope cured by ultra-awkward amour""' while theater critic Robert Hurwitt of "San Francisco Chronicle" wrote his performance was ""engagingly candid"".
Awards and nominations.
Dhillon was nominated to the long-list of the 2010 National Television Awards in the category for "Best Drama Performance".

</doc>
<doc id="19594141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594141" title="Heptarchy">
Heptarchy

The Heptarchy (Greek: "seven" + "realm") is a collective name applied to the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of south, east, and central England during late antiquity and the early Middle Ages, conventionally identified as seven: Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia, Essex, Kent, Sussex, and Wessex. The Anglo-Saxon kingdoms eventually unified into the Kingdom of England. 
The term has been in use since the 16th century, but the initial idea that there were seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms is attributed to the English historian Henry of Huntingdon in the 12th century and was first used in his "Historia Anglorum".
Definition and historicity of the concepts.
By convention the label is considered to cover the period from 500 to 850, often referred to as the Dark Ages, which approximately represents the period following the departure of Roman legions from Britain until the kingdoms came under the overlordship of Egbert of Wessex.
Though "heptarchy" suggests the existence of seven kingdoms, the number fluctuated, as kings contended for supremacy at various times within the conventional period. In the late sixth century the king of Kent was a prominent lord in the south; in the seventh century the rulers of Northumbria and Wessex were powerful; in the eighth century Mercia achieved hegemony over the other surviving kingdoms. Yet as late as the reigns of Eadwig and Edgar (955–75), it was still possible to speak of separate kingdoms within the English population.
In reality the end of the Heptarchy was a gradual process. The 9th century Viking raids that led to the establishment of a Danish-controlled enclave at York, and ultimately to the Danelaw, gained considerable advantage from the petty rivalries between the old kingdoms. The need to unite against the common enemy was recognised, so that by the time Alfred of Wessex resisted the Danes in the late 9th century, he did so essentially as the leader of an Anglo-Saxon nation. Successive kings of Wessex (and especially Athelstan) progressively reinforced the English unitary state, until, with the simultaneous dissolution of Mercia and submission of Northumbria upon Edgar's succession in 959, the old constituent kingdoms in effect became consolidated into one.
Recent research has revealed that some of the Heptarchy kingdoms (notably Essex and Sussex) did not achieve the same status as the others. Conversely, there also existed alongside the seven kingdoms a number of other political divisions which played a more significant role than previously thought. Such were the kingdoms (or sub-kingdoms) of: Bernicia and Deira within Northumbria; Lindsey in present-day Lincolnshire; the Hwicce in the southwest Midlands; the Magonsæte or Magonset, a sub-kingdom of Mercia in what is now Herefordshire; the Wihtwara, a Jutish kingdom on the Isle of Wight, originally as important as the Cantwara of Kent; the Middle Angles, a group of tribes based around modern Leicestershire, later conquered by the Mercians; the Hæstingas (around the town of Hastings in Sussex); and the Gewisse, a Saxon tribe in what is now southern Hampshire later developing into the kingdom of Wessex.
Certainly the term "Heptarchy" has been considered unsatisfactory since the early 20th century, and many professional historians no longer use it, feeling that it does not accurately describe the period to which it refers. However, it is still sometimes used as a label of convenience for a phase in the development of England.
List of Anglo-Saxon kingdoms.
The four main kingdoms in Anglo-Saxon England were:
The other main kingdoms which were conquered by others entirely at some point in their history are:
Other minor kingdoms and territories include:
Attributed arms.
Arms were attributed to the kingdoms of the Anglo-Saxon heptarchy in the modern period (the historical kingdoms disappeared long before the emergence of heraldry). 
The Kingdom of Essex, for instance, was assigned a red shield with three notched swords (or "seaxes"). This coat was used by the counties of Essex and Middlesex until 1910, when the Middlesex County Council applied for a formal grant from the College of Arms ("The Times", 1910). Middlesex was granted a red shield with three notched swords and a "Saxon Crown". The Essex County Council was granted the arms without the crown in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="19594142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594142" title="University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Pangasinan Campus">
University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Pangasinan Campus

The University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Pangasinan Campus or simply Perpetual Pangasinan is a private non-sectarian university, part of the University of Perpetual Help System.

</doc>
<doc id="19594180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594180" title="Aleksandr Dantsev">
Aleksandr Dantsev

Aleksandr Alekseyevich Dantsev (; born October 14, 1984 in Kamensk-Shakhtinsky) is a Russian footballer who currently plays for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast in the Russian First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="19594199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594199" title="I, a Lover">
I, a Lover

I, a Lover (, ) is a 1966 Swedish-Danish comedy film directed by Börje Nyberg and starring Jørgen Ryg. 

</doc>
<doc id="19594213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594213" title="Planck constant">
Planck constant

The Planck constant (denoted h, also called Planck's constant) is a physical constant that is the quantum of action in quantum mechanics. Published in 1900, it originally described the proportionality constant between the energy ("E") of a charged atomic oscillator in the wall of a black body, and the frequency ("ν") of its associated electromagnetic wave. Its relevance is now integral to the field of quantum mechanics, describing the relationship between energy and frequency, commonly known as the Planck relation:
In 1905 the value (E), the energy of a charged atomic oscillator, was theoretically associated with the energy of the electromagnetic wave itself, representing the minimum amount of energy required to form an electromagnetic field (a "quantum"). Further investigation of quanta revealed behaviour associated with an independent unit ("particle") as opposed to an electromagnetic wave and was eventually given the term photon. The Planck relation now describes the energy of each photon in terms of the photon's frequency. This energy is extremely small in terms of ordinary experience.
Since the frequency "formula_2", wavelength "λ", and speed of light "c" are related by , the Planck relation for a photon can also be expressed as
The above equation leads to another relationship involving the Planck constant. Given "p" for the linear momentum of a particle (not only a photon, but other particles as well), the de Broglie wavelength λ of the particle is given by
In applications where frequency is expressed in terms of radians per second ("angular frequency") instead of cycles per second, it is often useful to absorb a factor of 2π into the Planck constant. The resulting constant is called the reduced Planck constant or Dirac constant. It is equal to the Planck constant divided by 2π, and is denoted "ħ" (or "h-bar", as it is often also called):
The energy of a photon with angular frequency "ω", where "ω" = 2π"ν", is given by
The reduced Planck constant is the quantum of angular momentum in quantum mechanics.
The Planck constant is named after Max Planck, the founder of quantum theory, who discovered it in 1900, and who coined the term "Quantum". Classical statistical mechanics requires the existence of "h" (but does not define its value). Planck discovered that physical action could not take on any indiscriminate value. Instead, the action must be some multiple of a very small quantity (later to be named the "quantum of action" and now called Planck constant). This inherent granularity is counterintuitive in the everyday world, where it is possible to "make things a little bit hotter" or "move things a little bit faster". This is because the quanta of action are very, very small in comparison to everyday macroscopic human experience. Hence, the granularity of nature appears smooth to us.
Thus, on the macroscopic scale, quantum mechanics and classical physics converge at the classical limit. Nevertheless, it is impossible, as Planck discovered, to explain some phenomena without accepting the fact that action is quantized. In many cases, such as for monochromatic light or for atoms, this quantum of action also implies that only certain energy levels are allowed, and values in-between are forbidden. In 1923, Louis de Broglie generalized the Planck relation by postulating that the Planck constant represents the proportionality between the momentum and the quantum wavelength of not just the photon, but the quantum wavelength of any particle. This was confirmed by experiments soon afterwards.
Value.
The Planck constant of action has the dimensionality of specific relative angular momentum (areal momentum) or angular momentum's intensity. In SI units, the Planck constant is expressed in joule seconds () or ().
The value of the Planck constant is:
The value of the reduced Planck constant is:
The two digits inside the parentheses denote the standard uncertainty in the last two digits of the value. The figures cited here are the 2010 CODATA recommended values for the constants and their uncertainties. The 2010 CODATA results were made available in June 2011 and represent the best-known, internationally-accepted values for these constants, based on all data available as of 2010. New CODATA figures are scheduled to be published approximately every four years.
Significance of the value.
The Planck constant is related to the quantization of light and matter. Therefore, the Planck constant can be seen as a subatomic-scale constant. In a unit system adapted to subatomic scales, the electronvolt is the appropriate unit of energy and the petahertz the appropriate unit of frequency. Atomic unit systems are based (in part) on the Planck constant.
The numerical value of the Planck constant depends entirely on the system of units used to measure it. When it is expressed in SI units, it is one of the smallest constants used in physics. This reflects the fact that "on a scale adapted to humans", where energies are typically of the order of kilojoules and times are typically of the order of seconds or minutes, Planck constant (the quantum of action) is very small.
Equivalently, the smallness of Planck constant reflects the fact that everyday objects and systems are made of a "large" number of particles. For example, green light with a wavelength of 555 nanometres (the approximate wavelength to which human eyes are most sensitive) has a frequency of 540 THz (540 Hz). Each photon has an energy "E" of "hν" = 3.58 J. That is a very small amount of energy in terms of everyday experience, but everyday experience is not concerned with individual photons any more than with individual atoms or molecules. An amount of light compatible with everyday experience
is the energy of one mole of photons; its energy can be calculated by multiplying the photon energy by the Avogadro constant, "N"A ≈ . The result is that green light of wavelength 555 nm has an energy of 216 kJ/mol, a typical energy of everyday life.
Origins.
Black-body radiation.
In the last years of the nineteenth century, Planck was investigating the problem of black-body radiation first posed by Kirchhoff some forty years earlier. It is well known that hot objects glow, and that hotter objects glow brighter than cooler ones. The reason is that the electromagnetic field obeys laws of motion just like a mass on a spring, and can come to thermal equilibrium with hot atoms. When a hot object is in equilibrium with light, the amount of light it absorbs is equal to the amount of light it emits. If the object is black, meaning it absorbs all the light that hits it, then it emits the maximum amount of thermal light too.
The assumption that blackbody radiation is thermal leads to an accurate prediction: the total amount of emitted energy goes up with the temperature according to a definite rule, the Stefan–Boltzmann law (1879–84). But it was also known that the colour of the light given off by a hot object changes with the temperature, so that "white hot" is hotter than "red hot". Nevertheless, Wilhelm Wien discovered the mathematical relationship between the peaks of the curves at different temperatures, by using the principle of adiabatic invariance. At each different temperature, the curve is moved over by Wien's displacement law (1893). Wien also proposed an approximation for the spectrum of the object, which was correct at high frequencies (short wavelength) but not at low frequencies (long wavelength). It still was not clear "why" the spectrum of a hot object had the form that it has (see diagram).
Planck hypothesized that the equations of motion for light are a set of harmonic oscillators, one for each possible frequency. He examined how the entropy of the oscillators varied with the temperature of the body, trying to match Wien's law, and was able to derive an approximate mathematical function for black-body spectrum.
However, Planck soon realized that his solution was not unique. There were several different solutions, each of which gave a different value for the entropy of the oscillators. To save his theory, Planck had to resort to using the then controversial theory of statistical mechanics, which he described as "an act of despair … I was ready to sacrifice any of my previous convictions about physics." One of his new boundary conditions was
With this new condition, Planck had imposed the quantization of the energy of the oscillators, "a purely formal assumption … actually I did not think much about it…" in his own words, but one which would revolutionize physics. Applying this new approach to Wien's displacement law showed that the "energy element" must be proportional to the frequency of the oscillator, the first version of what is now termed "Planck's relation":
Planck was able to calculate the value of "h" from experimental data on black-body radiation: his result, , is within 1.2% of the currently accepted value. He was also able to make the first determination of the Boltzmann constant "k"B from the same data and theory.
Prior to Planck's work, it had been assumed that the energy of a body could take on any value whatsoever – that it was a continuous variable. The Rayleigh-Jeans law makes close predictions for a narrow range of values at one limit of temperatures, but the results diverge more and more strongly as temperatures increase. To make Planck's law, which correctly predicts blackbody emissions, it was necessary to multiply the classical expression by a complex factor that involves h in both the numerator and the denominator. The influence of h in this complex factor would not disappear if it were set to zero or to any other value. Making an equation out of Planck's law that would reproduce the Rayleigh-Jeans law could not be done by changing the values of h, of the Boltzmann constant, or of any other constant or variable in the equation. In this case the picture given by classical physics is not duplicated by a range of results in the quantum picture.
The black-body problem was revisited in 1905, when Rayleigh and Jeans (on the one hand) and Einstein (on the other hand) independently proved that classical electromagnetism could "never" account for the observed spectrum. These proofs are commonly known as the "ultraviolet catastrophe", a name coined by Paul Ehrenfest in 1911. They contributed greatly (along with Einstein's work on the photoelectric effect) to convincing physicists that Planck's postulate of quantized energy levels was more than a mere mathematical formalism. The very first Solvay Conference in 1911 was devoted to "the theory of radiation and quanta". Max Planck received the 1918 Nobel Prize in Physics "in recognition of the services he rendered to the advancement of Physics by his discovery of energy quanta".
Photoelectric effect.
The photoelectric effect is the emission of electrons (called "photoelectrons") from a surface when light is shone on it. It was first observed by Alexandre Edmond Becquerel in 1839, although credit is usually reserved for Heinrich Hertz, who published the first thorough investigation in 1887. Another particularly thorough investigation was published by Philipp Lenard in 1902. Einstein's 1905 paper discussing the effect in terms of light quanta would earn him the Nobel Prize in 1921, when his predictions had been confirmed by the experimental work of Robert Andrews Millikan. The Nobel committee awarded the prize for his work on the photo-electric effect, rather than relativity, both because of a bias against purely theoretical physics not grounded in discovery or experiment, and dissent amongst its members as to the actual proof that relativity was real.
Prior to Einstein's paper, electromagnetic radiation such as visible light was considered to behave as a wave: hence the use of the terms "frequency" and "wavelength" to characterise different types of radiation. The energy transferred by a wave in a given time is called its intensity. The light from a theatre spotlight is more "intense" than the light from a domestic lightbulb; that is to say that the spotlight gives out more energy per unit time (and hence consumes more electricity) than the ordinary bulb, even though the colour of the light might be very similar. Other waves, such as sound or the waves crashing against a seafront, also have their own intensity. However the energy account of the photoelectric effect didn't seem to agree with the wave description of light.
The "photoelectrons" emitted as a result of the photoelectric effect have a certain kinetic energy, which can be measured. This kinetic energy (for each photoelectron) is "independent" of the intensity of the light, but depends linearly on the frequency; and if the frequency is too low (corresponding to a kinetic energy for the photoelectrons of zero or less), no photoelectrons are emitted at all, unless a plurality of photons, whose energetic sum is greater than the energy of the photoelectrons, acts virtually simultaneously (multiphoton effect) Assuming the frequency is high enough to cause the photoelectric effect, a rise in intensity of the light source causes more photoelectrons to be emitted with the same kinetic energy, rather than the same number of photoelectrons to be emitted with higher kinetic energy.
Einstein's explanation for these observations was that light itself is quantized; that the energy of light is not transferred continuously as in a classical wave, but only in small "packets" or quanta. The size of these "packets" of energy, which would later be named photons, was to be the same as Planck's "energy element", giving the modern version of Planck's relation:
Einstein's postulate was later proven experimentally: the constant of proportionality between the frequency of incident light ("ν") and the kinetic energy of photoelectrons ("E") was shown to be equal to the Planck constant ("h").
Atomic structure.
Niels Bohr introduced the first quantized model of the atom in 1913, in an attempt to overcome a major shortcoming of Rutherford's classical model. In classical electrodynamics, a charge moving in a circle should radiate electromagnetic radiation. If that charge were to be an electron orbiting a nucleus, the radiation would cause it to lose energy and spiral down into the nucleus. Bohr solved this paradox with explicit reference to Planck's work: an electron in a Bohr atom could only have certain defined energies "En"
where c0 is the speed of light in vacuum, "R"∞ is an experimentally-determined constant (the Rydberg constant) and "n" is any integer ("n" = 1, 2, 3, …). Once the electron reached the lowest energy level (), it could not get any closer to the nucleus (lower energy). This approach also allowed Bohr to account for the Rydberg formula, an empirical description of the atomic spectrum of hydrogen, and to account for the value of the Rydberg constant "R"∞ in terms of other fundamental constants.
Bohr also introduced the quantity "h"/2π, now known as the reduced Planck constant, as the quantum of angular momentum. At first, Bohr thought that this was the angular momentum of each electron in an atom: this proved incorrect and, despite developments by Sommerfeld and others, an accurate description of the electron angular momentum proved beyond the Bohr model. The correct quantization rules for electrons – in which the energy reduces to the Bohr-model equation in the case of the hydrogen atom – were given by Heisenberg's matrix mechanics in 1925 and the Schrödinger wave equation in 1926: the reduced Planck constant remains the fundamental quantum of angular momentum. In modern terms, if "J" is the total angular momentum of a system with rotational invariance, and "Jz" the angular momentum measured along any given direction, these quantities can only take on the values
Uncertainty principle.
The Planck constant also occurs in statements of Werner Heisenberg's uncertainty principle. Given a large number of particles prepared in the same state, the uncertainty in their position, Δ"x", and the uncertainty in their momentum (in the same direction), Δ"p", obey
where the uncertainty is given as the standard deviation of the measured value from its expected value. There are a number of other such pairs of physically measurable values which obey a similar rule. One example is time vs. energy. The either-or nature of uncertainty forces measurement attempts to choose between trade offs, and given that they are quanta, the trade offs often take the form of either-or (as in Fourier analysis), rather than the compromises and gray areas of time series analysis.
In addition to some assumptions underlying the interpretation of certain values in the quantum mechanical formulation, one of the fundamental cornerstones to the entire theory lies in the commutator relationship between the position operator formula_14 and the momentum operator formula_15:
where δij is the Kronecker delta.
Dependent physical constants.
The following list is based on the 2006 CODATA evaluation; for the constants listed below, more than 90% of the uncertainty is due to the uncertainty in the value of the Planck constant, as indicated by the square of the correlation coefficient ("r"2 > 0.9, "r" > 0.949). The Planck constant is (with one or two exceptions) the fundamental physical constant which is known to the lowest level of precision, with a relative uncertainty "u"r of 5.0.
Rest mass of the electron.
The normal textbook derivation of the Rydberg constant "R"∞ defines it in terms of the electron mass "m"e and a variety of other physical constants.
However, the Rydberg constant can be determined very accurately ("u"r = 6.6) from the atomic spectrum of hydrogen, whereas there is no direct method to measure the mass of a stationary electron in SI units. Hence the equation for the calculation of "m"e becomes
where "c"0 is the speed of light and "α" is the fine-structure constant. The speed of light has an exactly defined value in SI units, and the fine-structure constant can be determined more accurately ("u"r = 6.8) than the Planck constant: the uncertainty in the value of the electron rest mass is due entirely to the uncertainty in the value of the Planck constant ("r"2 > 0.999).
Avogadro constant.
The Avogadro constant "N"A is determined as the ratio of the mass of one mole of electrons to the mass of a single electron: The mass of one mole of electrons is the "relative atomic mass" of an electron "A"r(e), which can be measured in a Penning trap ("u"r = 4.2), multiplied by the molar mass constant "M"u, which is defined as 0.001 kg/mol.
The dependence of the Avogadro constant on the Planck constant ("r"2 > 0.999) also holds for the physical constants which are related to amount of substance, such as the atomic mass constant. The uncertainty in the value of the Planck constant limits the knowledge of the masses of atoms and subatomic particles when expressed in SI units. It is possible to measure the masses more precisely in atomic mass units, but not to convert them more precisely into kilograms.
Elementary charge.
Sommerfeld originally defined the fine-structure constant "α" as:
where "e" is the elementary charge, "ε"0 is the electric constant (also called the permittivity of free space), and "μ"0 is the magnetic constant (also called the permeability of free space). The latter two constants have fixed values in the International System of Units. However, "α" can also be determined experimentally, notably by measuring the electron spin g-factor "g"e, then comparing the result with the value predicted by quantum electrodynamics.
At present, the most precise value for the elementary charge is obtained by rearranging the definition of "α" to obtain the following definition of "e" in terms of "α" and "h":
Bohr magneton and nuclear magneton.
The Bohr magneton and the nuclear magneton are units which are used to describe the magnetic properties of the electron and atomic nuclei respectively. The Bohr magneton is the magnetic moment which would be expected for an electron if it behaved as a spinning charge according to classical electrodynamics. It is defined in terms of the reduced Planck constant, the elementary charge and the electron mass, all of which depend on the Planck constant: the final dependence on "h"½ ("r"2 > 0.995) can be found by expanding the variables.
The nuclear magneton has a similar definition, but corrected for the fact that the proton is much more massive than the electron. The ratio of the electron relative atomic mass to the proton relative atomic mass can be determined experimentally to a high level of precision ("u"r = 4.3).
Determination.
In principle, the Planck constant could be determined by examining the spectrum of a black-body radiator or the kinetic energy of photoelectrons, and this is how its value was first calculated in the early twentieth century. In practice, these are no longer the most accurate methods. The CODATA value quoted here is based on three watt-balance measurements of "K"J2"R"K and one inter-laboratory determination of the molar volume of silicon, but is mostly determined by a 2007 watt-balance measurement made at the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). Five other measurements by three different methods were initially considered, but not included in the final refinement as they were too imprecise to affect the result.
There are both practical and theoretical difficulties in determining "h". The practical difficulties can be illustrated by the fact that the two most accurate methods, the watt balance and the X-ray crystal density method, do not appear to agree with one another. The most likely reason is that the measurement uncertainty for one (or both) of the methods has been estimated too low – it is (or they are) not as precise as is currently believed – but for the time being there is no indication which method is at fault.
The theoretical difficulties arise from the fact that all of the methods "except" the X-ray crystal density method rely on the theoretical basis of the Josephson effect and the quantum Hall effect. If these theories are slightly inaccurate – though there is no evidence at present to suggest they are – the methods would not give accurate values for the Planck constant. More importantly, the values of the Planck constant obtained in this way cannot be used as tests of the theories without falling into a circular argument. Fortunately, there are other statistical ways of testing the theories, and the theories have yet to be refuted.
Josephson constant.
The Josephson constant "K"J relates the potential difference "U" generated by the Josephson effect at a "Josephson junction" with the frequency "ν" of the microwave radiation. The theoretical treatment of Josephson effect suggests very strongly that "K"J = 2"e"/"h".
The Josephson constant may be measured by comparing the potential difference generated by an array of Josephson junctions with a potential difference which is known in SI volts. The measurement of the potential difference in SI units is done by allowing an electrostatic force to cancel out a measurable gravitational force. Assuming the validity of the theoretical treatment of the Josephson effect, "K"J is related to the Planck constant by
Watt balance.
A watt balance is an instrument for comparing two powers, one of which is measured in SI watts and the other of which is measured in conventional electrical units. From the definition of the "conventional" watt "W"90, this gives a measure of the product "K"J2"R"K in SI units, where "R"K is the von Klitzing constant which appears in the quantum Hall effect. If the theoretical treatments of the Josephson effect and the quantum Hall effect are valid, and in particular assuming that "R"K = "h"/"e"2, the measurement of "K"J2"R"K is a direct determination of the Planck constant.
Magnetic resonance.
The gyromagnetic ratio "γ" is the constant of proportionality between the frequency "ν" of nuclear magnetic resonance (or electron paramagnetic resonance for electrons) and the applied magnetic field "B": "ν" = "γB". It is difficult to measure gyromagnetic ratios precisely because of the difficulties in precisely measuring "B", but the value for protons in water at 25 °C is known to better than one part per million. The protons are said to be "shielded" from the applied magnetic field by the electrons in the water molecule, the same effect that gives rise to chemical shift in NMR spectroscopy, and this is indicated by a prime on the symbol for the gyromagnetic ratio, "γ′"p. The gyromagnetic ratio is related to the shielded proton magnetic moment "μ′"p, the spin number "I" ("I" =  for protons) and the reduced Planck constant.
The ratio of the shielded proton magnetic moment "μ′"p to the electron magnetic moment "μ"e can be measured separately and to high precision, as the imprecisely-known value of the applied magnetic field cancels itself out in taking the ratio. The value of "μ"e in Bohr magnetons is also known: it is half the electron g-factor "g"e. Hence
A further complication is that the measurement of "γ′"p involves the measurement of an electric current: this is invariably measured in "conventional" amperes rather than in SI amperes, so a conversion factor is required. The symbol "Γ′"p-90 is used for the measured gyromagnetic ratio using conventional electrical units. In addition, there are two methods of measuring the value, a "low-field" method and a "high-field" method, and the conversion factors are different in the two cases. Only the high-field value "Γ′"p-90(hi) is of interest in determining the Planck constant.
Substitution gives the expression for the Planck constant in terms of "Γ′"p-90(hi):
Faraday constant.
The Faraday constant "F" is the charge of one mole of electrons, equal to the Avogadro constant "N"A multiplied by the elementary charge "e". It can be determined by careful electrolysis experiments, measuring the amount of silver dissolved from an electrode in a given time and for a given electric current. In practice, it is measured in conventional electrical units, and so given the symbol "F"90. Substituting the definitions of "N"A and "e", and converting from conventional electrical units to SI units, gives the relation to the Planck constant.
X-ray crystal density.
The X-ray crystal density method is primarily a method for determining the Avogadro constant "N"A but as the Avogadro constant is related to the Planck constant it also determines a value for "h". The principle behind the method is to determine "N"A as the ratio between the volume of the unit cell of a crystal, measured by X-ray crystallography, and the molar volume of the substance. Crystals of silicon are used, as they are available in high quality and purity by the technology developed for the semiconductor industry. The unit cell volume is calculated from the spacing between two crystal planes referred to as "d"220. The molar volume "V"m(Si) requires a knowledge of the density of the crystal and the atomic weight of the silicon used. The Planck constant is given by
Particle accelerator.
The experimental measurement of the Planck constant in the Large Hadron Collider laboratory was carried out in 2011. The study called PCC using a giant particle accelerator helped to better understand the relationships between the Planck constant and measuring distances in space. citation
Fixation.
As mentioned above, the numerical value of the Planck constant depends on the system of units used to describe it. Its value in SI units is known to 50 parts per billion but its value in atomic units is known "exactly", because of the way the scale of atomic units is defined. The same is true of conventional electrical units, where the Planck constant (denoted "h"90 to distinguish it from its value in SI units) is given by
with "K"J–90 and "R"K–90 being exactly defined constants. Atomic units and conventional electrical units are very useful in their respective fields, because the uncertainty in the final result does not depend on an uncertain conversion factor, only on the uncertainty of the measurement itself.
There are a number of proposals to redefine certain of the SI base units in terms of fundamental physical constants. This has already been done for the metre, which is defined in terms of a fixed value of the speed of light. The most urgent unit on the list for redefinition is the kilogram, whose value has been fixed for all science (since 1889) by the mass of a small cylinder of platinum–iridium alloy kept in a vault just outside Paris. While nobody knows if the mass of the International Prototype Kilogram has changed since 1889 – the value 1 kg of its mass expressed in kilograms is by definition unchanged and therein lies one of the problems – it is known that over such a timescale the many similar Pt–Ir alloy cylinders kept in national laboratories around the world, have changed their relative mass by several tens of parts per million, however carefully they are stored, and the more so the more they have been taken out and used as mass standards. A change of several tens of micrograms in one kilogram is equivalent to the current uncertainty in the value of the Planck constant in SI units.
The legal process to change the definition of the kilogram is already underway, but it had been decided that no final decision would be made before the next meeting of the General Conference on Weights and Measures in 2011. (For more detailed information, see kilogram definitions.) The Planck constant is a leading contender to form the basis of the new definition, although not the only one. Possible new definitions include "the mass of a body at rest whose equivalent energy equals the energy of photons whose frequencies sum to ", or simply "the kilogram is defined so that the Planck constant equals ".
The BIPM provided "Draft Resolution A" in anticipation of the 24th General Conference on Weights and Measures meeting (2011-10-17 through 2011-10-21), detailing the considerations "On the possible future revision of the International System of Units, the SI".
Watt balances already measure mass in terms of the Planck constant: at present, standard mass is taken as fixed and the measurement is performed to determine the Planck constant but, were the Planck constant to be fixed in SI units, the same experiment would be a measurement of the mass. The relative uncertainty in the measurement would remain the same.
Mass standards could also be constructed from silicon crystals or by other atom-counting methods. Such methods require a knowledge of the Avogadro constant, which fixes the proportionality between atomic mass and macroscopic mass but, with a defined value of the Planck constant, "N"A would be known to the same level of uncertainty (if not better) than current methods of comparing macroscopic mass.

</doc>
<doc id="19594280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594280" title="Karate at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Karate at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Karate at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Medina from April 9 to April 14, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19594299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594299" title="List of Portuguese supercentenarians">
List of Portuguese supercentenarians

This is a list of verified Portuguese supercentenarians (people from Portugal who have attained the age of at least 110 years). There have been 8 verified supercentenarians from Portugal. The oldest person ever from Portugal was Maria de Jesus, who died in 2009 aged 115 years 114 days. As of , there are no verified living supercentenarians living in Portugal.
Oldest Portuguese person by district and region.
This is a list of the oldest people by birth from each district or region
Limbo cases.
Limbo cases refer to supercentenarians who were verified to have reached the age of 110 but their death date is unknown
People.
Catarina Carreiro-Pascoal.
Catarina Carreiro Pascoal (9 January 1891 – 13 February 2004) was the 1st verified supercentenarian case from Portugal (verified in 2002) and was for a time thought to be Portugal's oldest person, until Maria do Couto Maia-Lopes was discovered. Carreiro ranks 4th in list. She died at the age of 113 years 35 days.
Maria do Couto Maia-Lopes.
Maria do Couto Maia-Lopes (24 October 1890 – 25 July 2005) was the 2nd longest-lived person to be documented in Portugal. She was born and lived in Grijó, in Vila Nova de Gaia, which is near the city of Porto.
She remembered the day when the last king of Portugal, D. Manuel II, visited the nearby town of Espinho, on 23 November 1908.
Maia-Lopes was nearly deaf and blind in her later years, and was confined to bed after a 2002 domestic accident with boiling water that burned her feet. She had a total of eight daughters, seven grandchildren, ten great-grandchildren and five great-great-grandchildren. Her husband died in 1942. One of her great-granddaughters married a grandson of Portugal's oldest ever man, Augusto Moreira de Oliveira (1896 – 2009). 
Maia-Lopes died at the age of 114 years 274 days, which places her as one of the 40 longest lived people ever. At the time of her death, she was the 2nd-oldest person in Europe, behind Hendrikje van Andel-Schipper. She was also recognized as the 4th-oldest person in the world behind van Andel-Schipper, Elizabeth Bolden and Bettie Wilson, both from the United States. Maia-Lopes would later be relegated to fifth-oldest in the world at the time of her death with the recognition of María Capovilla of Ecuador.
Alice Sanders.
Alice Sanders (São Jorge Island, 12 May 1897 – Merced, California, 7 November 2007) was one of the last survivors of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. Alice Catarina Matos was born in the Azores archipelago. Her family emigrated to Half Moon Bay (California) in 1903, when Alice was 6 years old. The April 18, 1906 San Francisco earthquake, a few weeks prior to Alice's ninth birthday, was a traumatic experience to her family, since they believed the end of the World had come. In 1912, the Matos family moved to Gustine, where Alice met Clarence Leonard Sanders, which became her husband in the Christmas Day of 1913.
Augusto Moreira de Oliveira.
Augusto Moreira de Oliveira (6 October 1896 – 13 February 2009) was at his death age 112 years, 130 days, Portugal's oldest ever man, and the oldest person in Portugal at the time of his death. He was the 4th-oldest man in the world, the 2nd-oldest man in Europe and the 5th-oldest person in the continent. He ranks in the top 25 oldest men ever and was one of the 25 oldest verified living people in the world. He is the 6th oldest person ever from Portugal. On 2 January 2009, Oliveira became Portugal's oldest living person.
Antonio de Castro.
Antonio Fernandes de Castro (6 January 1898 – 22 June 2009) was at his death age 111 years 167 days, the oldest person in Portugal and the 2nd-oldest Portuguese male ever behind Augusto Moreira de Oliveira who died on 13 February 2009. In addition, he was one of the 50 oldest verified men ever. At the time of his death, Fernandes was also the 4th-oldest man in the world and the 2nd-oldest in Europe, behind the world's then oldest man, Henry Allingham, from the United Kingdom. He was the oldest man born in 1898.
Maria Luíza Nunes da Silva.
Maria Luíza Beires Nunes da Silva (7 July 1898 – 26 September 2011) of Lisbon was a Portuguese supercentenarian who was 113 years 81 days at her death. She was the oldest living person in Portugal. She became the oldest living woman in Portugal on 2 January 2009 following the death of Maria de Jesus, who at 115 years 114 days was the oldest verified living person worldwide and the last remaining person from 1893. With the death of Antonio de Castro on the 22 June 2009 at age 111 years 167 days, she was the oldest Portuguese person. Silva was the only validated living supercentenarian in Portugal at the time of her death and also the last remaining validated living person in Portugal who was born in the 19th century. 
Maria Luiza Nunes da Silva exercised everyday and was reported to be in good health, although she was in a wheelchair most of the time. She resided in Lisbon with a daughter of hers. da Silva also had 12 grandchildren, 41 great-grandchildren, and 14 great-great-grandchildren at the time of her death.
On 5 August 2011, Maria Luíza Nunes da Silva aged 113 years 29 days became one of 40 oldest people from Europe ever.
On 26 September 2011 she died at the age of 113 years 81 days, and was the 12th oldest person in the world at the time of her death.

</doc>
<doc id="19594308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594308" title="Macchi M.B.320">
Macchi M.B.320

__NOTOC__
The Macchi MB.320 was an Italian cabin monoplane designed and built by Macchi. Only a small number were built.
The MB.320 was a low-wing cabin monoplane powered by two wing-mounted Continental E185 engines. It had room for a pilot and five passengers. The aircraft flew well, but was expensive to buy and with only a small domestic market for the type only a small number were exported. Three aircraft were sold to East African Airways for use as feederliners. It was intended that the aircraft in France under licence as the Lignel VEMA-51 but in the end it was not built. 

</doc>
<doc id="19594318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594318" title="Carichí">
Carichí

Carichí is a town in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of the same name.
The town was founded as a Jesuit mission (Misión de Jesús de Carachí) on 18 November 1675. Its name comes from the Tarahumara name Güerocarichí. Prior to 24 August 1982, the town was officially known by the alternative name Carichic.
The 2005 INEGI census population was 1,478.

</doc>
<doc id="19594324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594324" title="Tatsuo Itoh">
Tatsuo Itoh

Tatsuo Itoh is Professor and holder of the Northrop Grumman Chair in Microwave and Millimeter Wave Electronics in the Electrical Engineering Department at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he teaches and conducts research on microwave and millimeter wave electronics, guided wave structures, low power wireless electronics, and integrated passive components and antennas.
Professor Itoh received the Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees in Electrical Engineering from Yokohama National University in 1964 and 1966, respectively. He received the Doctor of Philosophy degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1969. 
Professor Itoh served as Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques (1983–1985), and of the IEEE Microwave and Guided Wave Letters (1991–1994). He served as President of the IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society in 1990. He has received a number of awards, including the 1998 Shida Award from the Japanese Ministry of Post and Telecommunications and the 1998 Japan Microwave Prize.
Patent(s).
Link to USPTO search for patents having inventor names "itoh" and "tatsuo" and an assignee name including the string "regent"

</doc>
<doc id="19594325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594325" title="Der var engang">
Der var engang

Der var engang is a 1966 Danish family film directed by John Price and starring Birgitte Bruun. 

</doc>
<doc id="19594331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594331" title="John C.C. May">
John C.C. May

John C.C. May (born 1964) from London, United Kingdom, is the current Vice-Chairman of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement. He was elected at the 38th World Scout Conference in South Korea for a six year term, the first United Kingdom Scouter elected since former Chief Scout (now Vice-President) of the Scout Association, Sir Garth Morrison.
In his youth, May worked for Colony Holidays (predecessor body to ATE Superweeks).
May has been a Section Leader, a District Commissioner and an elected member of the Committee of the Council. He was appointed International Commissioner in 1991 at the age of 27. He was a member of the organizing committee of the 21st World Scout Jamboree in the United Kingdom in 2007. He was awarded the Bar to the Silver Acorn for his services to Scouting in 2008.
May is the Secretary General of The Duke of Edinburgh's Award International Association, which co-ordinates and develops The Award worldwide.
He received the Queen's Award for Enterprise Promotion in recognition of his dedication to enterprise education.

</doc>
<doc id="19594339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594339" title="The Vincent Award">
The Vincent Award

The Vincent Award is a Dutch prize awarded to a European artist whose works are deemed highly relevant in contemporary art. The award is held every two years in The Netherlands. Five artists are nominated for the award, and are exhibited at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam. The winner is granted with the prize of € 50.000. The Vincent award is aimed at stimulating European artists and building the discussion platform within Europe.
History.
The Vincent Award was established in 2000 by the Broere Charitable Foundation in memory of Monique Zajfen, a beloved friend of the Broere family and holder of the Gallery 121 in Antwerp.
The art collection of Monique Zajfen constituted of the works by The Vincent Award winners and other contemporary artists. Zaifen's collection was given to the Stedelijk Museum of Amsterdam on long-term loan.
The award first took place at the Bonnefanten Museum in Maastricht. From 2006, The Vincent Award was hosted by the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam. The winner is decided by six jury members headed by the director of the Stedelijk Museum. The jury consists of professionals in the sphere of the European Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19594347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594347" title="Washington County Courthouse (Florida)">
Washington County Courthouse (Florida)

The Washington County Courthouse is an historic brick courthouse building located in Chipley, Florida. It was built in 1932 in the Classical Revival style after Chipley won a 1927 referendum to move the county seat from Vernon
In 1989, the Washington County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19594353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594353" title="1977 Kansas State Wildcats football team">
1977 Kansas State Wildcats football team

The 1977 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the college football season of 1977. The team's head football coach was Ellis Rainsberger. 1977 would turn out to be the last season with Rainsberger at the helm, as he was replaced with Jim Dickey in 1978. The Wildcats played their home games in KSU Stadium. 1977 saw the wildcats finish with a record of 2-9, and a dismal 0-7 record in Big 8 play.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular season
^ Mississippi State was forced to forfeit the game. The score of the game was 24-21, in favor of Mississippi State.

</doc>
<doc id="19594367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594367" title="National Park Service training centers">
National Park Service training centers

The U.S. National Park Service has a long history of specialized training needs. One of the services earliest training program was Ranger Skills, a nine-week course held at the Grand Canyon. Over the years, the variety of skills has increased and the bureau has created training centers to meet those needs.
Centers.
Horace M. Albright Training Center.
Located on the South Rim of the Grand Canyon, the Albright Training Center provides resources, context, and stimulus for personal and professional growth in support of the National Park Service mission.
Capital Training Center.
The Capital Training Center is located in Washington, D.C. It serves as the headquarters for the National Park Service's Employee Development program and provides training to the park employees in the Washington area. Their programs emphasize Planning, Design, and Construction; Recreation and Conservation Program; Information Management; Specialty Field; and Organizational Development. The Capital Training Center also coordinates special training programs, including USDA’s Graduate School, the Albright-Wirth Grant Program Team, Team Leadership Program, Executive Potential Program, Executive Leadership for Middle Level Employees, New Leader Program, and the Aspiring Leader Program.
NPS/Federal Law Enforcement Training Center.
The Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) is an interagency federal police training academy run by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security in Glynco, Georgia. All federal agencies with police powers train at FLETC. The National Park Service has a full-time staff on duty to manage the Park Ranger trainees at the site. State and local law enforcement agencies can make use of the facility. The Center teaches the full range of law enforcement skills, from taking fingerprints to tracking financial transactions, riding patrol protecting VIPs, searching a crime scene, and securing a building.
Historic Preservation Training Center.
The Historic Preservation Training Center (HPTC) teaches the craft skills that created the fabric of America. Trainees come to Frederick, Maryland to learn historic carpentry, masonry and a myriad of other skills needed to maintain the structures of America's heritage.
Stephen T. Mather Training Center.
The National Park Service established Stephen T. Mather Training Center in 1964 to teach interpretive skills, administrative skills and a variety of skills not being taught at the Albright center. Located in Storer College in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, the facility makes use of the opportunities presented by having the Harpers Ferry National Historical Park surrounding the facility.
National Conservation Training Center.
The National Conservation Training Center, located in Shepherdstown, West Virginia, is the newest training center used by the National Park Service. Established through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the center was created to advance the nation's knowledge of the nation's natural resources.
National Center for Preservation Technology and Training.
The National Center for Preservation Technology and Training (NCPTT) was established by the United States Congress in 1994 to advance the application of science and technology to historic preservation. Working in the fields of archeology, architecture, landscape architecture and materials conservation, NCPTT accomplishes its mission through training, education, research, technology transfer and partnerships. The offices and laboratory facilities of NCPTT are located in Lee H. Nelson Hall on the campus of Northwestern State University in Natchitoches, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19594374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594374" title="Lucien Schaeffer">
Lucien Schaeffer

Lucien Schaeffer (born 6 June 1928) is a French former football Goalkeeper who was a member of the French squad at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="19594375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594375" title="Sergei Chernogayev">
Sergei Chernogayev

Sergei Yevgenyevich Chernogayev () (born March 20, 1983) is a Russian footballer. He last played for FC Kaluga.

</doc>
<doc id="19594379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594379" title="Relax Freddie">
Relax Freddie

Relax Freddie () is a 1966 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Morten Grunwald. It is a sequel to "Slå først, Frede!".

</doc>
<doc id="19594382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594382" title="University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Isabela Campus">
University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Isabela Campus

University of Perpetual Help System JONELTA – Isabela Campus or simply Perpetual Isabela, is the youngest satellite of the university system with University of Perpetual Help System. It aims to provide the northern part of the Philippines an avenue to bring out and nurture the seeds of excellence through Perpetualite education.

</doc>
<doc id="19594394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594394" title="Equestrian at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games">
Equestrian at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games

Equestrian at the 2005 Islamic Solidarity Games was held in Jeddah from April 9 to April 14, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19594400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594400" title="John Petty (Primitive Methodist minister)">
John Petty (Primitive Methodist minister)

The Revd. John Petty (1807 – 22 April 1868) was a 19th-century author and Primitive Methodist Minister, and the first Governor of Elmfield College. He was born in Salterforth, Yorkshire and died at Elmfield School, York. Memorial services were held at the Little Stonegate Chapel, York Little Stonegate (Ebenezer) Chapel on Sunday 26 April and Petty was buried in York Cemetery on 27 April. In 1903 the Monkgate Primitive Methodist Church in York was officially opened, replacing the Ebenezer Chapel in Little Stonegate. The new building was to be used for the attendance at worship of the boys from Elmfield School. This link with Elmfield was one of the factors behind the naming of the new church the ‘John Petty Memorial Church’, which title proudly surmounts the large window over the main entrance.
Family.
Petty was one of the ten children of Micah Petty and his wife Mary Nelson. Micah was a tailor and the grandson of Silvester Petty of Langbar near Ilkley. John Petty married Thirza Sproston (1808–1871) at Bradford in 1832 and they had eight children.
Life and character.
John had a taste for leaning and in this his father encouraged him. He attended the school of Mr John Driver, a Baptist Minister, who, besides following his calling as a hand-loom weaver, undertook to instruct young John, a son of his own, and the son and daughter of the neighbouring squire. Primitive Methodist preachers began to visit Salterforth from 1822 and the Petty household was open to them for hospitality. It was under the influence of these preachers that John was persuaded to commit his life to Christ. From the time of his conversion at the age of sixteen he began to preach to local congregations. Within two years he was called to work as a hired (i.e. paid) local preacher in the Keighley Circuit, and in 1826 when he was eighteen he was called to the work of the itinerant ministry.
His first circuit (1826–1828) was the Pembrokeshire mission based on Haverfordwest, which was followed by a year at Stroud. In 1829 when he was still only twenty-one he was appointed to Tunstall, the mother circuit of the Primitive Methodist Connexion, and surprisingly found that he was named on the plan as superintendent, an indication of the high regard in which he was held very early in his ministry. In 1831 he was transferred to Wearside and in 1832 to Guernsey to take over the Channel Islands mission. From 1835 to 1850 he worked in circuits on the Welsh border and in the Midlands until in 1850 he was moved to London to take responsibility for the publications of the PM Connexion. In 1857 he was asked to undertake a history of the Connexion to be published to mark its Golden Jubilee in 1860. Between 1857 and 1863 John Petty was involved with work at Hull before the Connexion honoured Petty by asking him to assume the Governorship of the Elmfield residential schools for boys opened at York early in 1864. The following year it was decided to accept into Elmfield a number of young ministerial candidates and Petty added to his duties those of theological tutor.
Writings.
Apart from his ‘History of the Primitive Methodist Connexion’ published in 1860 John Petty wrote many other books. He wrote a memoir of Thomas Batty, three catechisms for the use with the young, several volumes of sermons, and a set of lectures, which had been delivered, to the ministerial candidates at Elmfield School.

</doc>
<doc id="19594420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594420" title="False River (Quebec)">
False River (Quebec)

False River is a river in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. It originates north of Lac Boulle and ends northeast of Kuujjuaq in Ungava Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="19594447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594447" title="Grégory Sarrasin">
Grégory Sarrasin

Grégory Sarrasin (born on March 17, 1979) is a male freestyle wrestler from Switzerland. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated from competition by Emin Azizov in the 1/16 of final.

</doc>
<doc id="19594456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594456" title="Edmond Haan">
Edmond Haan

Edmond Haan (born 25 May 1924) is a French former football striker.

</doc>
<doc id="19594478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594478" title="Pigen og greven">
Pigen og greven

Pigen og greven is a 1966 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Dirch Passer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19594483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594483" title="Epiphone 5102T / EA-250">
Epiphone 5102T / EA-250

An archtop electric guitar manufactured by Matsumoku and sold 1970 to 1974 or '75 in the United States under the Epiphone brand.
Gibson, the owner of Epiphone since the late 1950s, abandoned manufacturing of Epiphone-branded instruments in 1969 and started importing Epiphone-branded instruments from the Matsumoku company in 1970. These instruments were not based on previous Epiphone or Gibson designs.
The 5102T was among these first imported Epiphone instruments. It came in one color—redburst, had a maple laminate body (nearly hollow: just a 3/4" square block from top to bottom below the bridge), maple bolt-on neck, two doublecoil pickups with black plastic covers and "staple" poles alongside screw poles, and a vibrato operating similarly to a Bigsby vibrato.
In subsequent years changes were made: the pickups became more like Gibson pickups and gained chrome covers, a trapeze tailpiece became available, the "pitchfork" Epiphone logo was added to the pickguard, and in 1972 the model designation was changed to EA-250. There was during the same years also a companion short-scale bass, the 5120 / EA-260. In 1975 or '76 the guitar was replaced by the ET-255.
In addition to the change from the original black plastic dual-coil Humbucker pick-ups this guitar was altered when it became the EA-250 Riviera and the guitar was re-introduced with single coil pick-ups covered with the standard two coil Humbucker pick-up covers which adds a unique element to the guitar model. In order to determine which guitar style you are dealing with you can look at the paper label glued inside the body of the guitar under the top f-hole. It should read EA-250 Riviera Epiphone Kalamazoo, Michigan Made in Japan. The paper is light blue in color on an authentic model and the serial number can be found on the back metal neck plate. It is not possible to determine the exact year of these guitars but it is generally accepted that the Matsumoku factory built these guitars between 1970 and 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19594492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594492" title="Crazy Horse Memorial">
Crazy Horse Memorial

The Crazy Horse Memorial is a mountain monument complex that is under construction on privately held land in the Black Hills, in Custer County, South Dakota. It depicts Crazy Horse, an Oglala Lakota warrior, riding a horse and pointing into the distance. The memorial was commissioned by Henry Standing Bear, a Lakota elder, to be sculpted by Korczak Ziolkowski. It is operated by the Crazy Horse Memorial Foundation, a private non-profit organization.
The memorial consists of the mountain carving (monument), the Indian Museum of North America, and the Native American Cultural Center. The monument is being carved out of Thunderhead Mountain on land considered sacred by some Oglala Lakota, between Custer and Hill City, roughly 17 miles from Mount Rushmore. The sculpture's final dimensions are planned to be 641 feet (195 m) wide and 563 feet (172 m) high. The head of Crazy Horse will be 87 feet (27 m) high; by comparison, the heads of the four U.S. Presidents at Mount Rushmore are each 60 feet (18 m) high.
The monument has been in progress since 1948 and is far from completion. If completed, it may become the world's largest sculpture, as well as the first non-religious statue to hold this record since 1967 (when it was held by the Soviet monument The Motherland Calls).
History.
In 1929, Henry Standing Bear, a Lakota elder, initiated the project to honor Crazy Horse by writing to the Polish-American sculptor Korczak Ziolkowski, saying in part, "My fellow chiefs and I would like the white man to know that the red man has great heroes, too." The American sculptor had worked on Mount Rushmore in 1924 under Gutzon Borglum. Standing Bear and Ziolkowski scouted potential monument sites together. Ziolkowski suggested carving the memorial in the Wyoming Tetons where the rock was better for sculpting, but the Sioux leader insisted it be carved in the Black Hills, which are sacred to Lakota culture. After making models, Ziolkowski started blasting for the monument in 1948.
The memorial is a non-profit undertaking, and receives no federal or state funding. The Memorial Foundation charges fees for its visitor centers and earns revenue from its gift shops. Ziolkowski reportedly was offered $10 million for the project from the federal government on two occasions, but he turned the offers down. He felt that the project was more than just a mountain carving, and he feared that his plans for the broader educational and cultural goals of the memorial would be overturned by federal involvement.
Ziolkowski died in 1982. Sixteen years later in 1998, the face of Crazy Horse was completed and dedicated. The entire complex is owned by the Crazy Horse Memorial Foundation. Ziolkowski's wife Ruth and seven of their ten children work at the memorial. Their daughter Monique Ziolkowski, a sculptor, has modified some of her father's plans to make the sculpture work better. The foundation commissioned reports from two engineering firms in 2009 to help guide completion of the project.
Completed vision.
The memorial is to be the centerpiece of an educational/cultural center, to include a satellite campus of the University of South Dakota, with a classroom building and residence hall, made possible by a US$2.5 million donation in 2007 from T. Denny Sanford, a Sioux Falls, South Dakota philanthropist. It is called the University and Medical Training Center for the North American Indian and the Indian Museum of North America. The current visitor complex will anchor the center. Sanford also donated $5 million to the memorial, to be paid $1 million a year for five years as matching donations were raised, specifically to further work on the horse’s head.
Paul and Donna “Muffy” Christen of Huron, South Dakota in July 2010 announced they are donating $5 million in two installments to an endowment to support the operation of the satellite campus. It holds classes in math, English and American Indian studies courses for college credit, as well as outreach classes. The memorial foundation has awarded more than $1.2 million in scholarships, with the majority going to Native students within South Dakota.
Fundraising and events.
The foundation sponsors Native American cultural events and educational programs. Annually in June, the Memorial hosts a "Volksmarch", when the public is permitted on the mountain. Attendance has grown to as many as 15,000. 
Much of the earth-moving equipment used is donated by corporations. The work on the monument has been primarily supported by visitor fees, with more than one million people visiting annually. The visitor center contains many pieces of rock blasted from the mountain: visitors may take samples in exchange for a small donation. 
The Memorial began its first national fund drive in October 2006. The goal was to raise $16.5 million by 2011. The first planned project was a $1.4 million dormitory to house 40 American Indian students who would work as interns at the memorial.
Periodically the memorial publicizes blasting events, which attract thousands of people from all over the region. They may wait for hours as the clock counts down. The gala ends in numerous near-simultaneous detonations, and a great tumbling of rocks and dust down the mountain.
Controversies.
Crazy Horse resisted being photographed and was deliberately buried where his grave would not be found. Ziolkowski envisioned the monument as a metaphoric tribute to the spirit of Crazy Horse and Native Americans. He reportedly said, "My lands are where my dead lie buried." His extended hand on the monument is to symbolize that statement. 
Elaine Quiver, a descendant of Crazy Horse, said in 2003 that the elder Standing Bear should not have independently petitioned Ziolkowski to create the memorial. She believes that Lakota culture is based on getting a consensus from family members for such a decision, and no one asked the opinions of the descendants of Crazy Horse before the first rock was dynamited in 1948. She said,
They don't respect our culture because we didn't give permission for someone to carve the sacred Black Hills where our burial grounds are. They were there for us to enjoy and they were there for us to pray. But it wasn't meant to be carved into images, which is very wrong for all of us. The more I think about it, the more it's a desecration of our Indian culture. Not just Crazy Horse, but all of us.
Seth Big Crow, whose great-grandmother was an aunt of Crazy Horse (the Lakota are a matrilineal culture), said he wondered about the millions of dollars which the Ziolkowski family had collected from the visitor center and shops associated with the memorial, and "the amount of money being generated by his ancestor's name". He said,
Or did it give them free hand to try to take over the name and make money off it as long as they're alive and we're alive? When you start making money rather than to try to complete the project, that's when, to me, it's going off in the wrong direction. 
Other traditional Lakota oppose the memorial. In his 1972 autobiography, John Fire Lame Deer, a Lakota medicine man, said: "The whole idea of making a beautiful wild mountain into a statue of him is a pollution of the landscape. It is against the spirit of Crazy Horse." In a 2001 interview, the Lakota activist Russell Means said: "Imagine going to the holy land in Israel, whether you're a Christian or a Jew or a Muslim, and start carving up the mountain of Zion. It's an insult to our entire being."
Having the finished sculpture depict Crazy Horse pointing with his index finger has also been criticized. Native American cultures prohibit using the index finger to point at people or objects, as the people find it rude and taboo. Some spokesmen compare the effect to a sculpture of George Washington with an upraised middle finger.

</doc>
<doc id="19594504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594504" title="Arnaud Desjardins">
Arnaud Desjardins

Arnaud Desjardins (June 18, 1925 – August 10, 2011) was a producer at the Office de Radiodiffusion Télévision Française from 1952 to 1974, and was one of the first high profile practitioners of Eastern religion in France. He worked on television documentaries with many spiritual traditions unknown to Europeans at the time, including Hinduism, Tibetan Buddhism, Zen, and Sufism from Afghanistan.
Life and work.
Arnaud Desjardins was part of the Gurdjieff group, his first contact with mysticism. Educated in a Protestant Christian environment, he was exposed to spiritual aspects of Christianity on a visit to a trappist Catholic monastery. He then became interested in yoga, and when asked to direct a film for French television, he chose to make a series of films on India, for which he gained attention for his first film, "Ashrams".
He met a spiritual teacher, Swami Prajnanpad, whom he got to know after filming a number of mystics from various traditions. He became a practitioner of Adhyatma yoga, which is a branch of Advaita Vedanta.
Works.
Filmography.
Hinduism:
Tibetan Buddhism: 
In this two-part documentary, Arnaud Desjardins documents the practices and rites of Tibetans, and meets the Dalai Lama and spiritual teachers of Tibetan Buddhism and Tantra. 
Zen Buddhism: 
Soufism:

</doc>
<doc id="19594506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594506" title="List of Ultras of the Philippines">
List of Ultras of the Philippines

This is a list of all the Ultra prominent peaks (with topographic prominence greater than 1,500 metres) in the Philippines. 
Sources.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19594516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594516" title="Charles Nemeroff">
Charles Nemeroff

Charles Barnet Nemeroff (born 1949) is an American psychiatrist known for his work in treating depression.
Life and career.
Nemeroff was born in New York City and graduated from the City College of New York in 1970. He received a Master’s degree in Biology in 1973 from Northeastern University. He then earned his PhD in neurobiology in 1973 and his M.D. in 1981, both from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Nemeroff joined the faculty of Duke University after completing his training, then took a position at the Emory University School of Medicine in 1991. He is the author of numerous textbooks, papers, and clinical studies.
Nemeroff's undisclosed ties to drugmakers and under-reported incomes from them have raised questions about conflict of interest. Following a Congressional Investigation led by Senator Charles Grassley of the Senate Finance Committee, Nemeroff was found to be in violation of federal and university regulations and resigned as chair of the psychiatry department at Emory University. He was also forbidden by Emory to act as an investigator or co-investigator on National Institutes of Health grants for at least two years. Nemeroff has moved to Florida and become the chair of psychiatry at the University of Miami.
According to the "Annals of Neurology", the court documents released as a result of one of the lawsuits against GSK in October 2008 indicated that GSK "and/or researchers may have suppressed or obscured suicide risk data during clinical trials" of paroxetine. "Charles Nemeroff, former Chairman of the Department of Psychiatry at Emory University, was the first big
name 'outed' ...In early October, Nemeroff stepped down as department chair amid revelations that he had received over $960,000 from GSK in 2006, yet reported less than $35,000 to the school. Subsequent investigations revealed payments totaling more than $2.5 million from drug companies between 2000 and 2006, yet only a fraction was disclosed".

</doc>
<doc id="19594534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594534" title="Black Hills">
Black Hills

The Black Hills ("Pahá Sápa" in Lakota, "Moʼȯhta-voʼhonáaeva" in Cheyenne, "awaxaawi shiibisha" in Hidatsa) are a small, isolated mountain range rising from the Great Plains of North America in western South Dakota and extending into Wyoming, USA. Harney Peak, which rises to , is the range's highest summit. The Black Hills encompass the Black Hills National Forest. The name "Black Hills" is a translation of the Lakota "Pahá Sápa". The hills were so-called because of their dark appearance from a distance, as they were covered in trees.
Native Americans have a long history in the Black Hills. After conquering the Cheyenne in 1776, the Lakota took over the territory of the Black Hills, which became central to their culture. In 1868, the U.S. government signed the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868, exempting the Black Hills from all white settlement forever. However, when European Americans discovered gold there in 1874, as a result of George Armstrong Custer's Black Hills Expedition, erstwhile miners swept into the area in a gold rush. The US government re-assigned the Lakota, against their wishes, to other reservations in western South Dakota. Unlike most of South Dakota, the Black Hills were settled by European Americans primarily from population centers to the west and south of the region, as miners flocked there from earlier gold boom locations in Colorado and Montana. 
As the economy of the Black Hills has shifted from natural resources (mining and timber), the hospitality and tourism industry has grown to take its place. Locals tend to divide the Black Hills into two areas: "The Southern Hills" and "The Northern Hills". The Southern Hills is home to Mount Rushmore National Memorial, Wind Cave National Park, Jewel Cave National Monument, Harney Peak (the highest point east of the Rockies), Custer State Park (the largest state park in South Dakota, and one of the largest in the US), the Crazy Horse Memorial (the largest sculpture in the world), and the Mammoth Site in Hot Springs, the world’s largest mammoth research facility. Attractions in the Northern Hills include historic Deadwood and the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, held each August. The first Rally was held on August 14, 1938 and the 65th Rally in 2005 saw more than 550,000 bikers visit the Black Hills. It is a key part of the regional economy. Motorcycle riders are also attracted to the Black Hills simply for the many miles of awe-inspiring scenery. While not in South Dakota, the Devils Tower National Monument located in the Wyoming Black Hills is an important nearby attraction. Devils Tower is the nation’s first national monument.
History.
Native Americans have inhabited the area since at least 7000 BC. The Arikara arrived by 1500 AD, followed by the Cheyenne, Crow, Kiowa and Pawnee. The Lakota (also known as Sioux) arrived from Minnesota in the 18th century and drove out the other tribes, who moved west. They claimed the land, which they called "HeSapa" (Black Mountains). The mountains commonly became known as the Black Hills. 
The first European explorers to see the Black Hills were probably the French-Canadian explorers François and Louis de La Vérendrye in 1743, but it was not until 1823 that Jedediah Smith traveled through them. After the public discovery of gold in the 1870s, European Americans increasingly encroached on Lakota territory. The conflict over control of the region sparked the Black Hills War, the last major Indian War on the Great Plains. The 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie had previously confirmed the Lakota's ownership of the Teton Sioux mountain range. Both the Sioux and Cheyenne claimed rights to the land, saying that in their cultures, it was considered the "axis mundi", or sacred center of the world.
Although rumors of gold in the Black Hills had circulated for decades (see Thoen Stone and Pierre-Jean De Smet), it was not until 1874 that Brevet Major General George Armstrong Custer of the 7th US Cavalry led an expedition there and discovered gold in French Creek. An official announcement of gold was made by the newspaper reporters accompanying the expedition. The following year, the Newton-Jenney Party conducted the first detailed survey of the Black Hills. The surveyor for the party, Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy, was the first European American to ascend to the top of Harney Peak. This highest point in the Black Hills is 7242 feet above sea level.
During the 1875–1878 gold rush, thousands of miners went to the Black Hills; in 1880, the area was the most densely populated part of Dakota Territory. There were three large towns in the Northern Hills: Deadwood, Central City, and Lead. Around these were groups of smaller gold camps, towns, and villages. Hill City and Custer City sprang up in the Southern Hills. Railroads were quickly constructed to the previously remote area. From 1880 on, the gold mines yielded about $4,000,000 annually, and the silver mines about $3,000,000 annually.
Following the defeat of the Lakota and their Cheyenne and Arapaho allies in 1876, the United States took control of the region, in violation of the Treaty of Fort Laramie. The Lakota never accepted the validity of the US appropriation. They continue to try to reclaim the property.
On July 23, 1980, in "United States v. Sioux Nation of Indians", the Supreme Court of the United States ruled that the Black Hills were illegally taken and that remuneration of the initial offering price plus interest — nearly $106 million — be paid. The Lakota refused the settlement as they wanted the Black Hills returned to them. The money remains in an interest-bearing account, which now amounts to over $757 million, but the Lakota still refuse to take the money. They believe that accepting the settlement would allow the U.S. Government to justify taking ownership of the Black Hills.
In 2012, United Nations Special Rapporteur James Anaya conducted a 12-day tour of Native Americans' land, to determine how the United States is faring on the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, endorsed by the administration of President Barack Obama in 2010. Mr. Anaya met with tribes in seven states on reservations and in urban areas, as well as with members of the Obama administration and the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. Anaya tentatively recommended the return of lands to some tribes, including the Black Hills to the Sioux. His full official report with recommendations is due in September 2012.
Geology.
The geology of the Black Hills is complex. A Tertiary mountain-building episode is responsible for the uplift and current topography of the Black Hills region. This uplift was marked by volcanic activity in the northern Black Hills. The southern Black Hills are characterized by Precambrian granite, pegmatite, and metamorphic rocks that comprise the core of the entire Black Hills uplift. This core is rimmed by Paleozoic, Mesozoic, and Cenozoic sedimentary rocks. The stratigraphy of the Black Hills is laid out like a target, as it is an oval dome, with rings of different rock types dipping away from the center.
Precambrian.
The 'bulls eye' of this target is called the granite core. The granite of the Black Hills was emplaced by magma generated during the Trans-Hudson orogeny and contains abundant pegmatite. The core of the Black Hills has been dated to 1.8 billion years. There are other localized deposits that have been dated to around 2.2 to 2.8 billion years. One of these is located in the northern hills. It is called Elk Creek Granite although it has been metamorphosed into gneiss. The other is called the Bear Mountain complex, and it is located in the west central part of the hills.
Making a concentric ring around the core is the metamorphic zone. The rocks in this ring are all very old, as much as 2 billion years and older. This zone is very complex, filled with many diverse rock types. The rocks were originally sedimentary, until there was a collision between the North American continent and a terrane. This collision, called the Trans-Hudson Orogeny, caused the original rocks to fold and twist into a vast mountain range. Over the millions of years, these tilted rocks, which in many areas are tilted to 90 degrees or more, eroded. Today we see the evidence of this erosion in the Black Hills, where the metamorphic rocks end in an angular unconformity below the younger sedimentary layers.
Paleozoic.
The final layers of the Black Hills consist of sedimentary rocks. The oldest lie on top of the metamorphic layers at a much shallower angle. This rock called the Deadwood Formation is mostly sandstone and was the original source of gold found in the Deadwood area. Above the Deadwood Formation lies the Englewood Formation and Pahasapa limestone, which is the source of the more than 200 caves found in the Black Hills, including Jewel Cave and Wind Cave. The Minnelusa Formation is next and is composed of highly variable sandstones and limestones followed by the Opeche shale and the Minnekahta limestone.
Mesozoic.
The next rock layer, the Spearfish Formation, forms a valley around the hills called the Red Valley and is often referred to as the Race Track. It is mostly red shale with beds of gypsum, and circles much of the Black Hills. These shale and gypsum beds as well as the nearby limestone beds of the Minnekahta are used in the manufacture of cement at a cement plant in Rapid City. Next is the shale and sandstone Sundance Formation, which is topped by the Morrison Formation and the Unkpapa sandstone.
The outermost feature of the dome stands out as a hogback ridge. The ridge is made out of the Lakota Formation and the Fallriver sandstone, which are collectively called the Inyan Kara Group. Above this, the layers of rocks are less distinct and are all mainly grey shale with three exceptions: the Newcastle sandstone; the Greenhorn limestone, which contains many shark teeth fossils; and the Niobrara Formation, which is composed mainly of chalk. These outer ridges are called cuestas.
Cenozoic.
The preceding layers were deposited in a horizontal manner. All of them can be seen in core samples and well logs from the flattest parts of the Great Plains. It took a period of uplift to bring them to their present topographical levels in the Black Hills. This uplift, called the Laramide orogeny, began around the beginning of the Cenozoic and left a line of igneous rocks through the northern hills superimposed on the rocks already discussed. This line extends from Bear Butte in the east to Devils Tower in the west. Evidence of Cenozoic volcanic eruptions, if this happened, has long since been eroded away.
The Black Hills also have a "skirt" of gravel covering them in areas, which are called erosional terraces. Formed as the waterways cut down into the uplifting hills, they represent the former locations of today's rivers. These beds are generally around 10,000 years old or younger, judging by the artifacts and fossils found. A few places, mainly in the high elevations, are older, as old as 20 million years, according to camel and rodent fossils found. Some gravels have been found but for the most part, these older beds have been eroded away.
Biosystems.
As with the geology, the biology of the Black Hills is complex. Most of the Hills are a fire-climax Ponderosa Pine forest, with Black Hills Spruce ("Picea glauca" var. "densata") occurring in cool moist valleys of the Northern Hills. Oddly, this endemic variety of spruce does not occur in the moist Bear Lodge Mountains, which make up most of the Wyoming portion of the Black Hills. Large open parks (mountain meadows) with lush grassland rather than forest are scattered through the Hills (especially the western portion), and the southern edge of the Hills, due to the rainshadow of the higher elevations, are covered by a dry pine savannah, with stands of Mountain Mahogany and Rocky Mountain Juniper. Wildlife is both diverse and plentiful. Black Hills creeks are known for their trout, while the forests and grasslands offer good habitat for American Bison, White-tailed and Mule Deer, Pronghorn, Bighorn Sheep, mountain lions, and a variety of smaller animals, like prairie dogs, American Marten, Red Squirrels, Northern Flying Squirrels, Yellow-bellied Marmots, and Fox Squirrels. Biologically, the Black Hills is a meeting and mixing place, with species common to regions to the east, west, north, and south. The Hills do, however, support some endemic taxa, the most famous of which is probably White-winged Junco ("Junco hyemalis aikeni"). Some other endemics are Cooper's Rockymountain Snail, Blackhills supspecies of Red-Bellied Snake, and a Blackhills subspecies of Southern Red-Backed Vole. Some birds that are only in The Black Hills and not the rest of South Dakota are Pinyon Jay, Gray Jay, Three-Toed Woodpecker, Black-backed Woodpecker, American Dipper, Ruffed Grouse, and others.
Tourism and economy.
The region is home to Mount Rushmore National Memorial, Wind Cave National Park, Jewel Cave National Monument, Harney Peak (the highest point east of the Rockies), Custer State Park (the largest state park in South Dakota, and one of the largest in the US), Bear Butte State Park, Devils Tower National Monument, and the Crazy Horse Memorial. The Black Hills also hosts the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally each August. The Rally was started in 1940 and the 65th Rally in 2005 saw more than 550,000 bikers visit the Black Hills. It is a key part of the regional economy. Motorcycle riders are also attracted to the Black Hills simply for the many miles of awe-inspiring scenery.
The George S. Mickelson Trail is a recently opened multi-use path through the Black Hills that follows the abandoned track of the historic railroad route from Edgemont to Deadwood. The train used to be the only way to bring supplies to the miners in the Hills. The trail is about 110 miles in length, and can be used by hikers, cross-country skiers, and bikers. The cost is two dollars per day, or ten dollars annually.
Today, the major city in the Black Hills is Rapid City, with an incorporated population of almost 70,000 and a metropolitan population of 125,000. It serves a market area covering much of five states: North and South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, and Montana. In addition to tourism and mining (including coal, specialty minerals, and the now declining gold mining), the Black Hills economy includes ranching (sheep and cattle, primarily, with bison and ratites becoming more common), timber (lumber), Ellsworth Air Force Base, and some manufacturing, including Black Hills gold jewelry, cement, electronics, cabinetry, guns and ammunition. 
In many ways, the Black Hills functions as a very spread-out urban area with a population (not counting tourists) of 250,000. Other important Black Hills cities and towns include:

</doc>
<doc id="19594535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594535" title="Renault Vivasix">
Renault Vivasix

The Renault Vivasix was a full-size car manufactured by the French car company Renault between 1926 and 1930. In 1930 the Vivasix was replaced by the Vivastella.
Details and evolutions.
In 1927 Renault created two new models, one luxury and expensive called "Type RA" and a second, simpler model called "Type PG". The two models together were known as the Vivasix. The Vivasix model was one of the larger cars produced by Renault in that period. 
The "Type RA" and the "Type PG" were replaced by a new luxury car called the Renault Vivastella between 1928 and 1929.
The top speed of the Vivasix was .

</doc>
<doc id="19594552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594552" title="Dick Duerrstein">
Dick Duerrstein

Dick Duerrstein is an American painter of Disney Fine Art, who worked as the Creative Director for the Walt Disney Company's Consumer Products Division for more than 2 decades.
Biography.
Like most artists, Dick Duerrstein found his calling early in life. He remembers that his "mother's shopping list always included a note to buy another ream of white paper to draw on."
After graduating from the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California, Duerrstein took a job at the Walt Disney Company, where he soon worked his way up the ladder and became the Creative Director for the company's Consumer Products Division. It was here that he was able to work and study alongside many iconic Disney animators, including Ward Kimball (a member of Disney's Nine Old Men, creator of Dumbo, the Mad Hatter, the Cheshire Cat and Jiminy Cricket) and Chuck Jones (creator of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies).
After 22 years at Disney, Duerrstein left to pursue a career in Disney Fine Art. He comments on this decision in the July 2007 issue of Art Business News: "I got a wild hair to start doing characters in more artistic ways. It was difficult in the beginning because there wasn't any framework for doing this kind of work commercially." Nearly 10 years after making this decision, Duerrstein has succeeded in becoming one of the most collected painters of Disney Fine Art.
Style.
Having such a long history designing a wide variety of projects at Disney has given Dick a heightened sense of design, which is apparent in his fine art pieces.
In homage to the original character construction, Dick first draws the figure onto canvas using a light blue line, exactly like an animator would do. After this, he begins to layer the thick hues of oil and acrylic paint on top, yet he still lets the original blue line peek through. This allows each piece to still remain true to the original creator's concept while allowing for Duerrstein's trademark energy and movement to come through.

</doc>
<doc id="19594558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594558" title="Dmitry Alexandrovich Smirnov">
Dmitry Alexandrovich Smirnov

Dmitri Aleksandrovich Smirnov (; born August 13, 1980) is a Russian footballer. He currently plays for FC Arsenal Tula.
Career.
He holds the record for Luch for most league goals in a year (19 goals in 2005) and left on 7 January 2009 the club and moved to FC Terek Grozny[http://www.transfermarketweb.com/?action=read&idsel=29729].
Personal.
His father, Aleksandr Smirnov, played in the Soviet Top League for FC Spartak Moscow.
Characteristics.
He is not related to Dmitri Nikolayevich Smirnov with whom he played on the same team for several years for FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow, Luch and Tom. To avoid confusion, he is usually referred to as Dmitri A. Smirnov or Smirnov I.

</doc>
<doc id="19594561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594561" title="Donbas (disambiguation)">
Donbas (disambiguation)

Donbas and Donbass are alternative names for the Donets Basin.
Donbas or Donbass may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19594563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594563" title="Tacitus">
Tacitus

Publius (or Gaius) Cornelius Tacitus (; c. AD 56 – after 117) was a senator and a historian of the Roman Empire. The surviving portions of his two major works—the "Annals" and the "Histories"—examine the reigns of the Roman Emperors Tiberius, Claudius, Nero, and those who reigned in the Year of the Four Emperors (AD 69). These two works span the history of the Roman Empire from the death of Augustus in AD 14 to the years of the First Jewish–Roman War in AD 70. There are substantial lacunae in the surviving texts, including a gap in the "Annals" that is four books long.
Other writings by him discuss oratory (in dialogue format, see "Dialogus de oratoribus"), Germania (in "De origine et situ Germanorum"), and the life of his father-in-law, Agricola, the Roman general responsible for much of the Roman conquest of Britain, mainly focusing on his campaign in Britannia ("De vita et moribus Iulii Agricolae").
Tacitus is considered to be one of the greatest Roman historians. He lived in what has been called the Silver Age of Latin literature. He is known for the brevity and compactness of his Latin prose, as well as for his penetrating insights into the psychology of power politics.
Life.
Details about his personal life are scarce. What little is known comes from scattered hints throughout his work, the letters of his friend and admirer Pliny the Younger, and an inscription found at Mylasa in Caria.
Tacitus was born in 56 or 57 to an equestrian family; like many Latin authors of both the Golden and Silver Ages, he was from the provinces, probably northern Italy or Gallia Narbonensis. The exact place and date of his birth are not known, and his praenomen (first name) is also unknown; in the letters of Sidonius Apollinaris his name is "Gaius", but in the major surviving manuscript of his work his name is given as "Publius". One scholar's suggestion of "Sextus" has gained no approval.
Family and early life.
Most of the older aristocratic families failed to survive the proscriptions which took place at the end of the Republic, and Tacitus makes it clear that he owes his rank to the Flavian emperors ("Hist." 1.1). The claim that he descended from a freedman derives from a speech in his writings that asserts that many senators and knights were descended from freedmen ("Ann." 13.27), but this is generally disputed.
His father may have been the Cornelius Tacitus who was procurator of Belgica and Germania; Pliny the Elder mentions that Cornelius had a son who aged rapidly (N.H. 7.76), which implies an early death. If Cornelius was his father, and since there is no mention of Tacitus suffering such a condition, it is possible that this refers to a brother. The friendship between the younger Pliny and Tacitus leads some scholars to conclude that they were both the offspring of wealthy provincial families.
Although the province of his birth is unknown (and has been variously conjectured as Gallia Belgica, Gallia Narbonensis, or northern Italy) his marriage to the daughter of the Narbonensian senator Gnaeus Julius Agricola implies that he came from Gallia Narbonensis. Tacitus' dedication to Fabius Iustus in the "Dialogus" may indicate a connection with Spain, and his friendship with Pliny suggests that he was born in northern Italy. No evidence exists, however, that Pliny's friends from northern Italy knew Tacitus, nor do Pliny's letters hint that the two men had a common background. Pliny Book 9, Letter 23 reports that when he was asked if he was Italian or provincial, he gave an unclear answer, and so was asked if he was Tacitus or Pliny. Since Pliny was from Italy, some infer that Tacitus was from the provinces, probably Gallia Narbonensis.
His ancestry, his skill in oratory, and his sympathetic depiction of barbarians who resisted Roman rule (e.g., "Ann." 2.9), have led some to suggest that he was a Celt. This belief stems from the fact that the Celts who had occupied Gaul prior to the Roman invasion were famous for their skill in oratory, and had been subjugated by Rome.
Public life, marriage, and literary career.
As a young man, Tacitus studied rhetoric in Rome to prepare for a career in law and politics; like Pliny, he may have studied under Quintilian. In 77 or 78 he married Julia Agricola, daughter of the famous general Agricola, although little is known of their home life, save that Tacitus loved hunting and the outdoors. He started his career (probably the "latus clavus", mark of the senator) under Vespasian, but it was in 81 or 82, under Titus, that he entered political life, as quaestor. He advanced steadily through the "cursus honorum", becoming praetor in 88 and a quindecimvir, a member of the priestly college in charge of the Sibylline Books and the Secular games. He gained acclaim as a lawyer and an orator; his skill in public speaking is ironic given his cognomen: "Tacitus" ("silent").
He served in the provinces from ca. 89 to ca. 93 either in command of a legion or in a civilian post. He (and his property) survived Domitian's reign of terror (81–96), but the experience left him jaded and perhaps ashamed at his own complicity, giving him the hatred of tyranny which is so evident in his works. The "Agricola", chs. 44–45, is illustrative: 
Agricola was spared those later years during which Domitian, leaving now no interval or breathing space of time, but, as it were, with one continuous blow, drained the life-blood of the Commonwealth... It was not long before our hands dragged Helvidius to prison, before we gazed on the dying looks of Manricus and Rusticus, before we were steeped in Senecio's innocent blood. Even Nero turned his eyes away, and did not gaze upon the atrocities which he ordered; with Domitian it was the chief part of our miseries to see and to be seen, to know that our sighs were being recorded... 
From his seat in the Senate he became suffect consul in 97 during the reign of Nerva, being the first of his family to do so. During his tenure he reached the height of his fame as an orator when he delivered the funeral oration for the famous veteran soldier Lucius Verginius Rufus.
In the following year he wrote and published the "Agricola" and "Germania", announcing the beginnings of the literary endeavors that would occupy him until his death. Afterwards he absented himself from public life, but returned during Trajan's reign. In 100, he, along with his friend Pliny the Younger, prosecuted Marius Priscus (proconsul of Africa) for corruption. Priscus was found guilty and sent into exile; Pliny wrote a few days later that Tacitus had spoken "with all the majesty which characterizes his usual style of oratory".
A lengthy absence from politics and law followed while he wrote the "Histories" and the "Annals". In 112 or 113 he held the highest civilian governorship, that of the Roman province of "Asia" in Western Anatolia, recorded in the inscription found at Mylasa mentioned above. A passage in the "Annals" fixes 116 as the "terminus post quem" of his death, which may have been as late as 125 or even 130. It seems that he survived both Pliny and Trajan. It is unknown whether he had any children, because although the "Augustan History" reports that the emperor Marcus Claudius Tacitus claimed him for an ancestor and provided for the preservation of his works, like much of the "Augustan History", this story may be fraudulent.
Works.
Five works ascribed to Tacitus are known to have survived (albeit with some lacunae), the most substantial of which are the "Annals" and the "Histories". The dates are approximate:
Major works.
The "Annals" and the "Histories", published separately, were meant to form a single edition of thirty books. Although Tacitus wrote the "Histories" before the "Annals", the events in the "Annals" precede the "Histories"; together they form a continuous narrative from the death of Augustus (14) to the death of Domitian (96). Though most has been lost, what remains is an invaluable record of the era. The first half of the Annals survived in a single copy of a manuscript from Corvey Abbey, and the second half from a single copy of a manuscript from Monte Cassino, and so it is remarkable that they survived at all.
The "Histories".
In an early chapter of the "Agricola", Tacitus asserts that he wishes to speak about the years of Domitian, Nerva, and Trajan. In the "Histories" the scope has changed; Tacitus says that he will deal with the age of Nerva and Trajan at a later time. Instead, he will cover the period from the civil wars of the Year of Four Emperors and end with the despotism of the Flavians. Only the first four books and twenty-six chapters of the fifth book survive, covering the year 69 and the first part of 70. The work is believed to have continued up to the death of Domitian on September 18, 96. The fifth book contains—as a prelude to the account of Titus's suppression of the Great Jewish Revolt—a short ethnographic survey of the ancient Jews, and it is an invaluable record of Roman attitudes towards them.
The "Annals".
The "Annals" is Tacitus' final work, covering the period from the death of Augustus Caesar in 14 AD. He wrote at least sixteen books, but books 7–10 and parts of books 5, 6, 11 and 16 are missing. Book 6 ends with the death of Tiberius and books 7–12 presumably covered the reigns of Caligula and Claudius. The remaining books cover the reign of Nero, perhaps until his death in June 68 or until the end of that year, to connect with the "Histories". The second half of book 16 is missing (ending with the events of 66). We do not know whether Tacitus completed the work; he died before he could complete his planned histories of Nerva and Trajan, and no record survives of the work on Augustus Caesar and the beginnings of the Empire with which he had planned to finish his work. The "Annals" is one of the earliest secular historical records to mention Christ (see Tacitus on Christ), which Tacitus does in connection with Nero's persecution of the Christians.
Tacitus on Christ.
In his "Annals", in book 15, chapter 44, written c. 116 AD, there is a passage which refers to Christ, to Pontius Pilate, and to a mass execution of the Christians after a six-day fire that burned much of Rome in July 64 AD by Nero. 
This narration has long attracted scholarly interest because it is a rare non-Christian reference to the origin of Christianity, the execution of Christ described in the Canonical gospels, and the persecution of Christians in 1st-century Rome. Almost all scholars consider these references to the Christians to be authentic.
Minor works.
Tacitus wrote three minor works. "Agricola", a biography of his father-in-law Gnaeus Julius Agricola; the "Germania", a monograph on the lands and tribes of barbarian Germania; and the "Dialogus", a dialogue on the art of rhetoric.
"Germania".
The "Germania" (Latin title: "De Origine et situ Germanorum") is an ethnographic work on the Germanic tribes outside the Roman Empire. The "Germania" fits within a classical ethnographic tradition which includes authors such as Herodotus and Julius Caesar. The book begins (chapters 1–27) with a description of the lands, laws, and customs of the various tribes. Later chapters focus on descriptions of particular tribes, beginning with those who lived closest to the Roman empire, and ending with a description of those who lived on the shores of the Baltic Sea, such as the Fenni. Tacitus had written a similar, albeit shorter, piece in his "Agricola" (chapters 10–13).
"Agricola" ("De vita et moribus Iulii Agricolae").
The "Agricola" (written ca. 98) recounts the life of Gnaeus Julius Agricola, an eminent Roman general and Tacitus' father-in-law; it also covers, briefly, the geography and ethnography of ancient Britain. As in the "Germania", Tacitus favorably contrasts the liberty of the native Britons with the tyranny and corruption of the Empire; the book also contains eloquent polemics against the greed of Rome, one of which, that Tacitus claims is from a speech by Calgacus, ends by asserting that "Auferre trucidare rapere falsis nominibus imperium, atque ubi solitudinem faciunt, pacem appellant." (To ravage, to slaughter, to usurp under false titles, they call empire; and where they make a desert, they call it peace. — Oxford Revised Translation).
"Dialogus".
There is uncertainty about when Tacitus wrote "Dialogus de oratoribus". Many characteristics set it apart from the other works of Tacitus, so that its authenticity has been questioned. In style it seems closer to Cicero; it lacks for example the incongruities that are typical of his historical works. It may however be an early work. It is dedicated to Fabius Iustus, a consul in AD 102. Its style may be explained by the fact it deals with rhetoric. In Latin "rhetoric" the structure, language, and the style of Cicero was the usual model.
The sources of Tacitus.
Tacitus makes use of the official sources of the Roman state: the "acta senatus" (the minutes of the session of the Senate) and the "acta diurna populi Romani" (a collection of the acts of the government and news of the court and capital). He also read collections of emperors' speeches, such as Tiberius and Claudius. He is generally seen as a scrupulous historian who paid careful attention to his sources. The minor inaccuracies in the "Annals" may be due to Tacitus dying before he had finished (and therefore proof-read) his work. 
Tacitus cites some of his sources directly, among them Cluvius Rufus, Fabius Rusticus and Pliny the Elder, who had written "Bella Germaniae" and a historical work which was the continuation of that of Aufidius Bassus. Tacitus also uses collections of letters ("epistolarium"). He also took information from "exitus illustrium virorum". These were a collection of books by those who were antithetical to the emperors. They tell of sacrifices by martyrs to freedom, especially the men who committed suicide. While he placed no value on the Stoic theory of suicide and views suicides as ostentatious and politically useless, Tacitus often gives prominence to speeches made by those about to commit suicide, for example Cremutius Cordus' speech in "Ann." IV, 34-35.
Literary style.
Tacitus's writings are known for their dense prose that seldom glosses the facts, in contrast to the style of some of his contemporaries, such as Plutarch. When he writes about a near-defeat of the Roman army in "Ann." I, 63 he does so with brevity of description rather than embellishment.
In most of his writings he keeps to a chronological narrative order, only seldom outlining the bigger picture, leaving the reader to construct that picture for himself. Nonetheless, where he does use broad strokes, for example, in the opening paragraphs of the "Annals", he uses a few condensed phrases which take the reader to the heart of the story.
Approach to history.
Tacitus's historical style owes some debt to Sallust. His historiography offers penetrating—often pessimistic—insights into the psychology of power politics, blending straightforward descriptions of events, moral lessons, and tightly focused dramatic accounts. Tacitus's own declaration regarding his approach to history ("Ann." I,1) is well known:
There has been much scholarly discussion about Tacitus' "neutrality". Throughout his writing, he is preoccupied with the balance of power between the Senate and the Emperors, and the increasing corruption of the governing classes of Rome as they adjusted to the ever-growing wealth and power of the empire. In Tacitus's view, Senators squandered their cultural inheritance—that of free speech—to placate their (rarely benign) emperor.
Tacitus noted the increasing dependence of the emperor on the goodwill of his armies. The Julio-Claudians eventually gave way to generals, who followed Julius Caesar (and Sulla and Pompey) in recognizing that military might could secure them the political power in Rome.("Hist.1.4)
Welcome as the death of Nero had been in the first burst of joy, yet it had not only roused various emotions in Rome, among the Senators, the people, or the soldiery of the capital, it had also excited all the legions and their generals; for now had been divulged that secret of the empire, that emperors could be made elsewhere than at Rome.
Tacitus's political career was largely spent under the emperor Domitian. His experience of the tyranny, corruption, and decadence of that era (81–96) may explain the bitterness and irony of his political analysis. He draws our attention to the dangers of power without accountability, love of power untempered by principle, and the apathy and corruption engendered by the wealth generated by the empire.
Nonetheless, the image he builds of Tiberius throughout the first six books of the "Annals" is neither exclusively bleak nor approving: most scholars view the image of Tiberius as predominantly "positive" in the first books, and predominantly "negative" after the intrigues of Sejanus. The entrance of Tiberius in the first chapters of the first book is dominated by the hypocrisy of the new emperor and his courtiers. In the later books, some respect is evident for the cleverness of the old emperor in securing his position.
In general, Tacitus does not fear to praise and to critique the same person, often noting what he takes to be their more-admirable and less-admirable properties. One of Tacitus's hallmarks is refraining from "conclusively" taking sides for or against persons he describes, which has led some to interpret his works as both supporting and rejecting the imperial system (see Tacitean studies, "Black" vs. "Red" Tacitists).
Prose style.
His Latin style is highly praised. His style, although it has a grandeur and eloquence (thanks to Tacitus's education in rhetoric), is extremely concise, even epigrammatic—the sentences are rarely flowing or beautiful, but their point is always clear. The style has been both derided as "harsh, unpleasant, and thorny" and praised as "grave, concise, and pithily eloquent".
His historical works focus on the inner motivations of the characters, often with penetrating insight—though it is questionable how much of his insight is correct, and how much is convincing only because of his rhetorical skill. He is at his best when exposing hypocrisy and dissimulation; for example, he follows a narrative recounting Tiberius' refusal of the title "pater patriae" by recalling the institution of a law forbidding any "treasonous" speech or writings—and the frivolous prosecutions which resulted ("Annals", 1.72). Elsewhere ("Annals" 4.64–66) he compares Tiberius's public distribution of fire relief to his failure to stop the perversions and abuses of justice which he had begun. Although this kind of insight has earned him praise, he has also been criticised for ignoring the larger context. 
Tacitus owes most, both in language and in method, to Sallust, and Ammianus Marcellinus is the later historian whose work most closely approaches him in style.
Studies and reception history.
From Pliny the Younger's 7th Letter (to Tacitus), §33:
The historian was not much read in late antiquity, and even less in the Middle Ages. Only a third of his known work has survived; we depend on a single manuscript for books I-VI of the "Annales" and on another one for the other surviving half (books XI-XVI) and for the five books extant of the "Historiae". His antipathy towards the Jews and Christians of his time — he records with unemotional contempt the sufferings of the Christians at Rome during Nero's persecution — made him unpopular in the Middle Ages. He was rediscovered, however, by the Renaissance, whose writers were impressed with his dramatic presentation of the Imperial age.
Tacitus is remembered first and foremost as the greatest Roman historian. "Encyclopædia Britannica" opines that he "ranks beyond dispute in the highest place among men of letters of all ages." His work has been read for its moral instruction, dramatic narrative, and for its prose style; but it is as a political theorist that he has been and remains most influential outside the field of history. The political lessons taken from his work fall roughly into two camps, as identified by Giuseppe Toffanin: the "red Tacitists" use him to support republican ideals, and the "black Tacitists" read him as a lesson in Machiavellian "realpolitik".
Although his work is our most reliable source for the history of his era, its factual accuracy is occasionally questioned. The "Annals" are based in part on secondary sources, and there are some obvious mistakes, for instance the confusion of the two daughters of Mark Antony and Octavia Minor, who are both called Antonia. The "Histories", however, are written from primary documents and intimate knowledge of the Flavian period, and are therefore thought to be more accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="19594566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594566" title="Macchi M.B.323">
Macchi M.B.323

__NOTOC__
The Macchi MB.323 was an Italian single-engine basic training monoplane designed and built by Macchi. No orders were placed and only a prototype was built.
Design and development.
Designed as a basic trainer to complement the M.416 in Italian military service, the MB.323 first flew in 1952. It was a single-engine, low-wing cantilever monoplane powered by a nose-mounted Pratt & Whitney Wasp radial engine and a retractable tailwheel landing gear. It had two tandem cockpits covered by a sliding one-piece canopy. The type was evaluated against the Fiat G.49 which was preferred by the air force and the MB.323 did not enter production.

</doc>
<doc id="19594567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594567" title="Love Thy Neighbour (1967 film)">
Love Thy Neighbour (1967 film)

Love Thy Neighbour (, ) is a 1967 Danish-German comedy film directed by Egil Kolstø and starring Walter Giller.

</doc>
<doc id="19594588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594588" title="Rowdies">
Rowdies

Rowdies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19594602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594602" title="And We Washed Our Weapons in the Sea">
And We Washed Our Weapons in the Sea

And We Washed Our Weapons in the Sea is the final studio album and first posthumous release by the band Frodus. Though the album was finished in 1999, it was not released until 2001 (by Fueled by Ramen) due to struggles finding a label to release it.
Track listing.
All music written by Frodus.

</doc>
<doc id="19594611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594611" title="Doug Schwab">
Doug Schwab

Doug Schwab (born on August 3, 1977 in Osage, Iowa) is a male freestyle wrestler and NCAA wrestling coach from USA. He participated in Men's freestyle 66 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost a match in the 1/16 of final against Andriy Stadnik. In the first consolation round he lost and was eliminated by Sushil Kumar.
He wrestled at the University of Iowa, where he was a three-time All-American and Big Ten Champion. He also won the 1999 NCAA Championship at 141 pounds. He finished his collegiate career with 130 wins, which ranked 10th in school history as of 2012. As a high school wrestler at Osage High School, he won the 1996 2A state championship at 130 pounds.
Following his collegiate career, Doug served as an assistant coach under Tom Brands at Virginia Tech during the 2005-2006 season. He returned to Iowa as a volunteer assistant coach in 2006-2007. He was promoted to full-time assistant for the Hawkeyes from 2007-2010. On 8/1/2010, Schwab was named the 9th head wrestling coach for the University of Northern Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19594612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19594612" title="Hillsboro Gap">
Hillsboro Gap

Hillsboro Gap, also known as the Gap in the Short Hill is a water gap in the Short Hill Mountain formed by the North Fork of the Catoctin Creek in Loudoun County, Virginia. The gap derives its name from the town of Hillsboro, which is nestled in the gap. Virginia State Route 9 passes through the gap in the town. 
In colonial times the main road between Alexandria and Winchester, Vestal's Gap Road, passed through the gap. That road eventually became the Charles Town Pike and modern day Route 9. The gap poses a substantial barrier to the widening of the congested road as the historic town completely fills the gap and as such Route 9 would have to be routed around or over the Short Hill Mountain to be widened.

</doc>
