<doc id="19739897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739897" title="Rebel Regiment">
Rebel Regiment

The Berrien High School Rebel Regiment is an award-winning class AA marching band from Nashville, Georgia. The Rebel Regiment is 100 members strong and performs at all BHS Rebel football games as well as parades, pep rallies, festivals and competitions in and around South Georgia. The Rebel Regiment has secured top honors at the Hawkinsville Invitational Marching Competition for 14 consecutive years. The Rebel Regiment has also been invited to perform at The Magic Kingdom Walt Disney World and at Universal Studios Florida.
The Rebel Regiment performs at all Berrien High School football halftime shows, as well as performing in parades, and on local television.

</doc>
<doc id="19739932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739932" title="Strathspey &amp; Badenoch Welfare FA">
Strathspey &amp; Badenoch Welfare FA

The Strathspey & Badenoch Welfare Football Association is the governing body overseeing amateur Scottish Welfare football in the Badenoch and Strathspey area of Scotland. It is affiliated to Scottish Welfare FA and Scottish Football Association and has been running intermittently since its inaugural season in 1929-30. The winners on that occasion were the now defunct Nethy Bridge FC.
Competitions.
There is an annual league competition which runs from April to July/August with each member club playing the others twice times over the course of the season. For the 2013 season, all league games take place on Tuesday evenings. The SBWFA League is presently sponsored by local Carrbridge firm David Ritchie & Sons Ltd.
Each club is also responsible for hosting its own Cup competition, but due to a limited number of competing clubs, as of season 2013 Cup matches will take place on Friday evenings. 2013 has 3 cups competitions. These are:
Clubs.
Member club numbers tend to fluctuate from season to season, with the most recent notable extinctions being Boat of Garten F.C., Kingussie F.C. and Carrbridge F.C. The 2013 season is being competed for by the following clubs:
Previous League Winners.
The complete list of League winning clubs since the Association's inception is given below:

</doc>
<doc id="19739933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739933" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur">
Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur

The Second Federal Electoral District of Baja California Sur "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Baja California Sur)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Baja California Sur.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
It covers the municipality of Los Cabos and the easternmost third of the municipality of La Paz. The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, La Paz.

</doc>
<doc id="19739965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739965" title="Pied Beauty">
Pied Beauty

"Pied Beauty" is a curtal sonnet by the English poet Gerard Manley Hopkins (1844–1889). It was written in 1877, but not published until 1918, when it was included as part of the collection "Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins".
Background.
In the poem, the narrator praises God for the variety of "dappled things" in nature, such as piebald cattle, trout and finches. He also describes how falling chestnuts resemble coals bursting in a fire, because of the way in which the chestnuts' reddish-brown meat is exposed when the shells break against the ground. The narrator then moves to an image of the landscape which has been "plotted and pieced" into fields (like quilt squares) by agriculture. At the end of the poem, the narrator emphasizes that God's beauty is "past change", and advises readers to "Praise him".
This ending is gently ironic and beautifully surprising: the entire poem has been about variety, and then God's attribute of immutability is praised in contrast. By juxtaposing God's changelessness with the vicissitude of His creation, His separation from creation is emphasized, as is His vast creativity. This turn or volta also serves to highlight the poet's skill at uniting apparent opposites by means of form and content: the meter is Hopkins's own sprung rhythm, and the packing-in of various alliterative syllables serves as an aural example of the visual variety Hopkins describes.

</doc>
<doc id="19739971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739971" title="Conneaut City Cemetery">
Conneaut City Cemetery

Conneaut City Cemetery is a cemetery located in Conneaut, Ohio. The making of Conneaut City Cemetery began in 1826. One person of note interred at Conneaut City Cemetery is Effie Norton.

</doc>
<doc id="19739980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739980" title="Raneh Falls">
Raneh Falls

The Raneh Falls is a natural water fall on the Ken River, located in Chhatarpur district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
The falls.
The Ken River forms a long, and deep canyon made of pure crystalline granite in varying shades of colours ranging from pink and red to grey. There is a series of waterfalls in the canyon. The larger and smaller falls run all through the year. Other seasonal falls appear during monsoons.
Location.
It is about away from Khajuraho. The Ken Gharial Sanctuary is located at the confluence of the Ken and Khudar rivers further down from Reneh Falls. The Pandav Falls in Panna National Park is also located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19739984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19739984" title="First Federal Electoral District of Campeche">
First Federal Electoral District of Campeche

The First Federal Electoral District of Campeche "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Campeche)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Campeche.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
It covers the municipalities of Calakmul, Calkiní, Campeche, Hecelchakán, Hopelchén and Tenabo, in the north and east of the state.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, Campeche, Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="19740008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740008" title="William Tennant Gairdner">
William Tennant Gairdner

Sir William Tennant Gairdner (8 November 1824 – 28 June 1907) was a Professor of Medicine in the University of Glasgow.
Personal life.
William Tennant Gardiner was the son of Dr. John Gairdner, a physician in Edinburgh, and was born there on 8 November 1824. He was the elder brother of the historian James Gairdner. He was educated for his father's profession at the University of Edinburgh, and graduated as M.D. in 1845.
In 1870 he married Miss Helena Bridget Wright, of Norwich, Norfolk who survived him. He had four sons (William Henry Temple, Hugh Montgomerie, Eric Dalrymple, Anthony Philip) and three daughters (Helen Christian, Ailsa Bridget, Dorothea). Dr. Douglas Montagu Temple Gairdner was his grandson.
Medical career.
In 1850 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh; and a year or two later was appointed physician and pathologist to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh. He filled these offices until 1862, when he accepted an invitation to take the professorship of medicine in the University of Glasgow, together with the post of physician to the Western Infirmary. In the following year much attention was directed in Glasgow to the insanitary state of the city; and Dr. Gairdner, at considerable pecuniary sacrifice, undertook the duties of medical officer of health, which he discharged for ten years in such a manner as brought about a total change in the conditions which he found existing. From this time forward he devoted himself to the duties of his professorship and to his increasing consulting practice.
The professor of medicine in a University like that of Glasgow is expected, almost as a matter of course, to be become an important contributor to the advancement of the science which he teaches, and his duty Gairdner abundantly fulfilled. He did excellent work in this direction both as a sanitarian, as an original investigator of diseases of the heart, and in opposition to the excessive alcoholic stimulation of fevers, which had been rendered fashionable for a time by the teaching of Dr. Todd. His personal influence over successive generations of students was, however, greatly more remarkable and more important than his purely medical achievements.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1893, and was appointed honorary physician in ordinary in Scotland to Queen Victoria, receiving the corresponding appointment on the accession of King Edward VII. He was made Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1898, and in 1890 resigned his professorship and took up his residence in Edinburgh.
He was president of the British Medical Association in 1888, representative of the University of Glasgow in the General Medical Council for ten years from 1893 to 1903, and among other distinctions received the degree of LL.D. Edin. in 1883 and that of M.D. Dublin ("honoris causa"), with the honorary Fellowship of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, in 1887.
Works.
His principal works were "Clinical Medicine", 1862; "Public Health in Relation to Air and Water", 1862; "On Some Modern Aspects of Insanity", "Lectures to Practitioners" (jointly with Dr. J. Coats), 1868; "The Physician as Naturalist", 1889; and "The Three Things that Abide", 1903.
At the time of his death it was stated that "his book "The Physician as Naturalist", if not written with any idea of self-portraiture, at least contains a large amount of self-revelation; while his last publication, "The Three Things that Abide", is made up of lay sermons on faith, hope, and love, of no common interest and beauty."

</doc>
<doc id="19740009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740009" title="Shailendra Singh">
Shailendra Singh

Shailendra Singh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740012" title="The Asteroids Galaxy Tour">
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour

The Asteroids Galaxy Tour is a Danish pop band consisting of vocalist Mette Lindberg and songwriter/producer Lars Iversen, formed in 2007. When performing live the band extends to a six-piece with horn section, featuring Miloud Carl Sabri (trumpet), Sven Meinild (saxophone), Mads Brinch Nielsen (guitar), and Rasmus Valldorf (drums).
The Asteroids Galaxy Tour's debut album "Fruit" was released on September 21, 2009 in Europe, and October 27 in the U.S. The band's second album, "Out of Frequency", was released January 31, 2012.
Breakthrough.
Soon after being recorded, the band's demo was heard by the management of Amy Winehouse, who asked the group to be her opening act in Copenhagen. This was the band's first proper live show. Not long after that, the track "Around The Bend" was chosen by Apple to be used in the new iPod Touch commercial to be aired worldwide from December 2008. Following the success of the commercial, "Around The Bend" went on to become the band's biggest single to date, helping to launch the band onto the international stage.
The band supported Katy Perry on several sold out dates for her summer 2009 European tour.
Media appearances.
Myer, Australia's largest department store chain, used the song "The Golden Age" to launch their 2009 summer range, and SBS Television used the song "The Golden Age" to promote the U.S. television series "Mad Men". Heineken International also used "The Golden Age" in their 2011 commercial "The Entrance", with the band performing live in the commercial. "Around The Bend" is featured in the Anna Wintour documentary movie, "The September Issue" released in 2009. In late 2008, three songs by the band were featured on the "Gossip Girl" episode "It's a Wonderful Lie". "Around the Bend" was also featured in the NBC TV series "Chuck" in episode 209 when Chuck walks into the "Roark Expo" for his first day at work at Roark Instruments. The song "Lady Jesus" was used throughout the entirety of a bar/restaurant scene in the USA Network show "Suits".
Mette Lindberg was a guest on the BBC music quiz show "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" in November 2008. More recently the band were guests on the Danish morning TV show "Good Morning Denmark". They have also guested on top French music show "Taratata" where they first performed the track "Inner City Blues", a cover of the Marvin Gaye classic, which later became a favourite of their live shows.
"The Sun Ain't Shining No More" has been chosen as the theme song of the Canadian action comedy television series "InSecurity" that premiered on January 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19740021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740021" title="Johann Ernst Hebenstreit">
Johann Ernst Hebenstreit

Johann Ernst Hebenstreit (January 15, 1703 – December 5, 1757) was a German physician and naturalist born in Neustadt an der Orla.
He was a student at the University of Leipzig, where in 1728 he earned his philosophy degree, and one year later obtaining his medical doctorate with the dissertation ""De viribus minerarum et Mineralium medicamentosis"". In 1731 he became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina.
In 1731 he was appointed by Augustus II to head an expedition to Africa to collect natural history specimens and to procure wild animals for the royal menagerie. After Augustus' death in 1733, the mission was discontinued, with Hebenstreit returning to Leipzig as a professor of medicine. In 1737 he became a professor of physiology, anatomy and surgery, and in 1748 was appointed dean of the medical faculty. During turmoil surrounding the May Uprising in Dresden (1849), specimens collected from the African expedition were lost.
Among Hebenstreits' numerous written works were an influential 1751 study of forensic medicine called ""Anthropologia Forensis sistens medici circa rempublicam"", and an illustrated catalogue involving the collection of minerals, fossils, and gems assembled by Leipzig banker Johann Christoph Richter (1689–1751) called ""Museum Richterianum continens fossilia animalia, vegetabilia marina"". 
Carl Linnaeus named the plant genus "Hebenstreitia" in honor of Hebenstreit.

</doc>
<doc id="19740027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740027" title="Peronet Lamy">
Peronet Lamy

Peronet Lamy (died before July 1453), called "Perenet lenlumineur" ("Peronet the Illuminator"), was a Gothic painter and manuscript illuminator who spent his career in the employ of the House of Savoy. 
Lamy's birthplace is hypothesised to be Saint-Claude in the Bresse, then a Savoyard region bordering France. There is no record of Lamy's birth, but his brother Jean was living in Saint-Claude in 1453. 
Lamy's first appearance in the historical record is in Savoy in May 1432, when he added the marginalia to the Escorial Apocalypse, a project on which he worked until 1434. This manuscript for Amadeus VIII of Savoy (also antipope Felix V) had been illustrated by Jean Bapteur beginning in 1428. The records of payment indicate that Lamy illuminated not just the marginalia for all ninety-seven folios, but also all the initials and "certain images". These four miniatures have been identified on folios 24v to 26r; they were painted after Bapteur had left the project, and Lamy had to work around his already existing illustrations. 
From these miniatures it has been possible for art historians to characterise Lamy's work in terms of phases. In the miniatures, his early work, the figures are brightly coloured and softly outlined, although they have been compared unfavourably as "blander" than Bapteur's. His style is influenced heavily by Franco-Flemish art. Maxence Petit-Delchet calls him "franco-flamande" (Franco-Flemish), while Bapteur he labels "franco-italien" (Franco-Italian). In time Lamy's style grew darker and more angular. 
In August 1432 Lamy was again working with Bapteur, this time on the "sale nove" (new room) and new chapel of the "château" at Thonon—the project which had taken Bapteur away from the Apocalypse. This is Lamy's only preserved or recorded non-manuscript work. For the rest of his life he was a miniaturist, but none of the manuscripts he worked on has been identified. In 1434, before he had even ceased work on the Apocalypse, Lamy illuminated a book of hours for Anne of Lusignan, giving it one hundred gold letters. In 1436 Lamy completed a Nativity scene for the frontispiece of a Gospel book commissioned by Pietro Donato; the rest of the illuminations in this work were done by Johannes de Monterchio. The identification of this work as Lamy's was first communicated to the Pierpont Morgan Library by Otto Pächt in 1943. While the bulk of the Gospel lectionary is in the Paduan style, the frontispiece is distinctly un-Italian; it was once attributed to an Upper Rhenish artist. Probably Lamy was hired by Donato while the latter was attending the Council of Basel. Donato hired Lamy again to work on the miniatures for his copy of the "Codex Spirensis", an important Carolingian compilation containing notably the "Notitia Dignitatum" and "De rebus bellicis". The initials in this manuscript are by others. The miniatures are immensely useful to scholars as basically faithful reproductions of the originals, shedding much light on the late Roman army. The architectural illustrations in the "Notitia" appear influenced by the manuscript workshop of the French regent, John, Duke of Bedford. At least one of the illustrations, a view of Constantinople, appears to have been an addition of Peronet not found in the original. Peronet produced another copy of the "Notitia" (which was in Florence "c".1443) wherein the miniatures are sylised and "modernised". 
In 1440 Lamy made (or was paid for) an "ystoire de Nostre Dame et la premiere letter et la vignette entour" as part of a book of hours for Yolande of France, the young fiancée of the future Amadeus IX. His next major work as an unidentified psalter and then, in Novembre 1443, unspecified "aucunes enlumineures", for which the Savoyard court paid him five gold ducats. These illuminations have been identified as those of the Royal Missal, commissioned by Duke Louis and given to his father, Felix V. Peronet Lamy has also been identified with the master of the "Champion des Dames", and with the creator of the Archives Missal, another missal for Felix V. 
Lamy's work for Felix can be dated to before 1445, as financial troubles past that date would have precluded any more commissions. Lamy's final recorded work was on a breviary for Duke Louis ("c".1452). The "Champion", written "c".1441–2 by Martin Le Franc, contains the earliest known portrait of Philip the Bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19740033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740033" title="Second Federal Electoral District of Campeche">
Second Federal Electoral District of Campeche

The Second Federal Electoral District of Campeche "(II Distrito Electoral Federal de Campeche)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of two such districts in the state of Campeche.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Campeche's Second District covers the municipalities of Carmen, Champotón, Escárcega, Palizada and Candelaria.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ciudad del Carmen.

</doc>
<doc id="19740040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740040" title="Lady Godiva (film)">
Lady Godiva (film)

Lady Godiva is a British romantic comedy film made in 2006 and released in 2008. It was directed by Vicky Jewson. It starred Phoebe Thomas, Matthew Chambers and Natalie Walter. Based on the historic tale of Lady Godiva, it was set in modern-day Oxford.
Plot.
Jemmima Honey, a teacher, needs to raise funds for her local creative arts centre. To do so she accepts the challenge of businessmen and love interest Michael Bartle to ride through the streets of Oxford naked.
Reception.
Total Film highlighted "clunky direction" and a "hokey script".

</doc>
<doc id="19740060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740060" title="Lisa Wray">
Lisa Wray

Lisa Wray is a Pennsylvania-based artist, and one of the early pioneers of visual graphic media arts. Her works can be viewed as tradigital art and metaphysical art. Wray graduated from the Hussian School of Art, Philadelphia in 1979, where she studied commercial and fine art. She was a freelance artist in the late 1980s, and owned a print shop. Wray created some of the artwork in a series called the "Renaissance of Metaphysical Imagery" as early as 1978. In 1983, she started creating prototypes of the original works—from color copies, color photos or film negatives made in her graphic arts darkroom—in an attempt to produce metaphysical art, but discovered that the mechanical methods available could not achieve the accuracy of computer systems. "In 1983, when the first prototypes were made, the hardware did not exist to output high resolution in a hard copy form", she remembers.
In 1990 she visited the only two places in the country with proprietary computer systems capable of assembling her prototypes: Raphael Digital Transparencies in Houston, Texas, and Dodge Color Laboratories in Washington D.C. The first two prototypes, "Brew of Life" and "Fantasy" were assembled by Dodge Color Laboratories on a Superset machine that was first developed by the Department of Defense. The final art was archived on 1" magnetic tape, and then output as an 11x14” color film transparency. In the early 1990s, Wray discovered Judith Montcrieff and her pioneering efforts with tradigital art, after which she began using "tradigital art" as a reference to her own work as well. Wray uses the term to describe a new type of fine art that combines traditional painting, drawing and photography with digital media (software and digital tools).
Wray begins her creative process with a hand-rendered image and then explores the larger patterns that emerge through combining duplicates of the original. "My art ideals are beauty, harmony, and symmetry. In my mind's eye I can see vignettes of an image repeated until it creates a new image," she explains. Once the design is decided, Wray takes her original to a color trade shop where an operator scans it at high resolution, duplicates it as necessary, and assembles the work according to her plan. Why not do the work on a desktop system? At the physical size (20x24 inches) and high resolution Wray's after, small systems bog down. "I've tried a lower-end system, but it can't handle the detail, and I could have a cup of coffee while waiting for the image to move," she says. "I use a hot-melt, color-dye transfer technology -- a new archival process -- to transfer the transparency on a stretched canvas, and then I add paints to emphasize or highlight areas of the work. I can get colors I could never get through the production process." 
Wray has linked her "metaphysical imagery" to the archetypal framework of Carl Jung: "I like to think along the lines of Jung in that each work is a type of mandala; the premonition of a centre of personality, a kind of central point within the psyche, to which everything is related, by which everything is arranged, and which is itself a source of energy." Wray also likens her philosophy of art to the Greek born-Italian artist, Giorgio de Chirico, who referred to his dreamy style as "metaphysical painting." Wray says her work is based on the "beauty, harmony and symmetry of subconscious thought, but would not be possible without the computer's infinitesimal, microcosmic handling of minute details." "As a fine art designer, I love the computer's ability to achieve perfection and to handle the most minute detail. I also love the tactile feeling of working with paint, brushes and whatever! You can't beat some of the other old graphic arts engraving and etching processes."

</doc>
<doc id="19740070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740070" title="Andrzej Jaskot">
Andrzej Jaskot

Jaskot played several seasons in the Polish Ekstraklasa with Stal Mielec, Hutnik Kraków and Widzew Łódź. He also made one appearance for the Poland national football team against Ukraine in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19740071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740071" title="West Palm Beach Expos">
West Palm Beach Expos

The West Palm Beach Expos were a Florida State League minor league baseball team that existed from 1969 to 1997. Located in West Palm Beach, Florida, they were affiliated with the Montreal Expos and they played their home games at West Palm Beach Municipal Stadium. They were one of the longest existing Florida State League teams. In 1998, they became the Jupiter Hammerheads.

</doc>
<doc id="19740092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740092" title="The Windhover">
The Windhover

"The Windhover" is a sonnet by Gerard Manley Hopkins (1844–1889). It was written on May 30, 1877, but not published until 1918, when it was included as part of the collection "Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins". Hopkins dedicated the poem "to Christ our Lord".
"Windhover" is another name for the Common Kestrel "(Falco tinnunculus)". The name refers to the bird's ability to hover in midair while hunting prey. In the poem, the narrator admires the bird as it hovers in the air, suggesting that it controls the wind as a man may control a horse. The bird then suddenly swoops downwards and "rebuffed the big wind". The bird can be viewed as a metaphor for Christ or of divine epiphany.
Hopkins called "The Windhover" "the best thing ever wrote". It commonly appears in anthologies and has lent itself to many interpretations.
In popular culture.
The poem appears in the TV series Due South. It is shared by the characters Constable Benton Fraser and fugitive Victoria Metcalf while they sustain one another on a mountainside during a bitter storm, forming a deep and passionate bond in the process. The episode "Victoria's Secret" concludes with Fraser lying shot on a railway platform reciting "The Windhover".

</doc>
<doc id="19740099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740099" title="USNS Benjamin Isherwood (T-AO-191)">
USNS Benjamin Isherwood (T-AO-191)

United States Naval Ship USNS "Benjamin Isherwood" (T-AO-191) was a fleet replenishment oiler of the United States Navy. She was never completed.
Construction.
"Benjamin Isherwood", the fifth "Henry J. Kaiser" class ship, was laid down by the Pennsylvania Shipbuilding Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 12 July 1986. Her construction encountered numerous problems. Although she was launched on 15 August 1988, her construction contract with Pennsylvania Shipbuilding was cancelled on 31 August 1989. Along with her unfinished sister ship , the incomplete "Benjamin Isherwood" was towed to the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard in Philadelphia on 27 October 1989 for lay-up.
A new contract to complete "Benjamin Isherwood" was awarded on 16 November 1989 to the Tampa Shipbuilding Company of Tampa, Florida. She was towed from Philadelphia to Tampa. She was christened there on 7 December 1991. However, construction problems continued, and that contract also was cancelled, on 15 August 1993, when the ship was 95.3 percent complete. Cost overruns had run into the millions of U.S. dollars.
Reserve.
The Navy decided that completion of "Benjamin Isherwood" as an oiler was no longer necessary, and considered converting her into an ammunition ship, but the conversion was found to be cost-prohibitive. Instead, the nearly complete "Benjamin Isherwood" was turned over to the Maritime Administration and towed up the James River in Virginia, where she was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet as part of the United States Navy's James River Reserve Fleet at Lee Hall, Virginia. She was struck from the Navy List on 29 December 1997, and her title was transferred to the Maritime Administration on 1 February 1999. She and "Henry Eckford" were the only units of the 18-ship "Henry J. Kaiser" class not completed.
Scrapping.
On 12 July 2011, the "Benjamin Isherwood" departed for Brownsville, Texas, to be recycled by International Shipbreaking Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="19740117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740117" title="List of Spice and Wolf light novels">
List of Spice and Wolf light novels

"Spice and Wolf" is a Japanese light novel series written by Isuna Hasekura with accompanying illustrations drawn by Jū Ayakura. The series follows a traveling merchant, Kraft Lawrence, who peddles various goods from town to town to make a living in a stylized historical setting with European influences. He meets a pagan wolf-deity girl named Holo who normally appears to be a fifteen-year-old girl, except for a wolf's tail and ears. Lawrence and Holo start traveling together, and as they travel, her wisdom helps increase his profits, but at the same time, her true nature draws unwanted attention from the church.
Originally, Hasekura entered the first novel in the series into ASCII Media Works' twelfth Dengeki Novel Prize in 2005 and the novel won the Silver Prize, placing third. Sixteen volumes were published between February 10, 2006 and February 10, 2011 under ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Bunko imprint. Yen Press licensed the light novels in September 2008 for distribution in English. The first volume was released in December 2009, and a new volume is released every six months. The tagline for the novels is "Merchant meats spicy wolf.", an example of Engrish. The author of the novels has commented that what "meats" in the tagline really means is kept a secret, alluding to a possible intentional misspelling of "meets".

</doc>
<doc id="19740123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740123" title="First Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
First Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The First Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(I Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the First District of Chiapas covers the municipalities of northeastern Chiapas: Catazajá, Chilón, La Libertad, Palenque, Sabanilla, Salto de Agua, Tila, Tumbalá and Yajalón.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Palenque.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the district had exactly the same composition as it currently has.

</doc>
<doc id="19740136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740136" title="Guy Dutson">
Guy Dutson

Dr Guy Dutson is a British-born veterinarian, ornithologist and a leader of birding tours, who is a world authority on the birds of the south-west Pacific region. He has rediscovered or described several bird species.
Information.
Dutson was educated at Cambridge University where he studied veterinary science. As a veterinarian, Dutson worked in the UK, Ethiopia and South Africa. In 1990 he led a Cambridge University expedition to the Solomon Islands and Papua New Guinea, in the course of which he rediscovered the Superb Pitta on Manus Island. Expeditions to Indonesia and the Philippines led to the rediscovery of the Tanahjampea Monarch and the Cebu Flowerpecker. In 2003 he rediscovered the Long-legged Warbler in Fiji. In 2008 he described a new species of white-eye, the Vanikoro White-eye, from the Vanikolo Islands in the Solomons.
From 2000 to 2005, based in Fiji, Dutson established and managed the BirdLife International Pacific program, travelling extensively around the islands of Melanesia and the south-west Pacific. He subsequently worked for Birds Australia as the manager of the Australian Important Bird Areas program. Dutson's most recent publishing endeavour is a description of a high altitude observation of the Beautiful Firetail in East Gippsland, Australia.
Publications.
Dutson wrote most of the Pacific Islands species accounts in the BirdLife publication "Threatened Birds of the World". He is also involved in editing the same species for the "Handbook of the Birds of the World". As well as numerous scientific papers and project reports, he has authored:

</doc>
<doc id="19740138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740138" title="Septimus">
Septimus

Septimus or Septimius may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740147" title="Gifford, Pennsylvania">
Gifford, Pennsylvania

Gifford is an unincorporated community in McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States. The ZIP code is 16732.

</doc>
<doc id="19740167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740167" title="Holmes Lake (New Brunswick)">
Holmes Lake (New Brunswick)

Holmes Lake is a Canadian lake in Northumberland County, New Brunswick.
Holmes Lake is one of several large lakes forming the headwaters of the Little Southwest Miramichi River. It was named in 1884 for the first lumberman who had worked the area
The lake was long the exclusive fishery of the Pratt family of New York. After being introduced to the area by legendary guide Henry A. Braithwaite, George Dupont Pratt constructed the spectacular log camps at the lake in 1909. Ownership of the camps later passed to his son Sherman Pratt, co-founder of Marineland. 
The Pratt family leased the fishing rights on this lake and the headwaters of the Little Southwest Miramichi River from the provincial government. Sherman Pratt was the founder of the Grenville Baker Boys Club (of Locust Valley, New York), and was kind enough to allow the use of the Pratt Camp as a summer camp for its members, approximately thirty boys each summer.
First picture is the main camp building and adult quarters; picture three are the bunk houses; picture four is the cookhouse and dining hall. Holmes Lake is kidney shaped, and the Boys' Club camp was on one shore of the lake. On the "indent" of the kidney, facing in the same direction as the camp but not visible from the camp due to the heavy forestation, was the Pratt "lodge," which was rarely or never used while camp was in session. Facing the camp, on the visible side of the "indent," was the boathouse (pictures five and six). 
The camp may have also been used by hunters during hunting season. 
During the seventies and eighties, the property caretaker was Hubert Holmes.

</doc>
<doc id="19740180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740180" title="Bloodletting Press">
Bloodletting Press

Bloodletting Press was launched in 2002 by Larry Roberts to publish works in the horror genre specifically for the collector's market, producing low print run limited editions intended for collectors and unique heirloom Lettered Editions for the high-end collectors. They were originally located in Modesto, California, but have since relocated to Welches, Oregon. Several of the Lettered Editions have been signed in blood and housed in metal Traycases in one example designed as a trailer complete with working interior lights. The main focus, however, of the press is the Novella Series, Novelette Series, and Chapbook Series. In recent years they have added the Steve Gerlach library, a project to publish his complete works which have been previously only available in his native Australia. Another project is the Jonathan Crowley Library which collects and keeps in print the genre work of James A. Moore. Bloodletting Press is also one of a few small presses that risks putting out new genre authors whose titles having been successful within this context go on to wider mass market publishers, such as, "Rage", "Succulent Prey" and "The Rutting Season" to name a few. In 2009, the Horror Writers Association awarded to Bloodletting Press its Specialty Press Award for their "outstanding design and production techniques" in publishing the "modern masters of the horror field". 
For a time, Bloodletting Press also distributed other small press titles via their website, and in January 2008 with Delirium Books combined their distribution arms of their individual presses into the Horror Mall. Each press had previously published and distributed their own titles.

</doc>
<doc id="19740185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740185" title="Nathan Carroll (musician)">
Nathan Carroll (musician)

Nathan Carroll is a country singer-songwriter and guitarist based out of Edmonton, Alberta. Born in Vancouver, BC, Carroll has been highly praised for his solo work as well as his work as a studio and touring back-up musician. Carroll is especially known for working closely with fellow Edmonton artist Brock Tyler.
Musical career.
Nathan Carroll grew up in Winnipeg, Manitoba, where he began his solo career (specifically composing the music for a play) and as a musician in the bands Dawn Treader and Senor Feo. He then relocated to Edmonton, Alberta, where he earned a Bachelor’s degree in music with majors in voice and guitar performance. After developing the songs on the album by playing at open mic shows around Edmonton, Carroll recorded his debut album, The Tie-In to Dyin’, in one weekend. Drawing comparisons to local country artists like Corb Lund and country-rock legends such as Ryan Adams and Gram Parsons, the album was released in early 2007 to high praise and with a sold out album release party.
After the release of his album, Carroll continued to perform in and around the Edmonton area before setting out on a co-headlining tour of Canada called the Hearse, Verse and Stars tour with fellow Edmontonian (and the producer of Carroll’s record) Brock Tyler in the spring of 2008. The tour included stops in 15 Canadian cities, mostly in Western Canada but also getting out to Toronto, Hamilton and Ottawa in Ontario. Despite the busy-ness of his solo career, Carroll continues to accompany many other artists both in the studio and on stage. Carroll is a touring member of two Edmonton based bands, the Wheat Pool and the James Murdoch Band. He has received studio credit on the most recent Wheat Pool album, Township, as well as on an EP by the country influenced Young Wire Wicks and a Christmas album by jazz singer Kim Fast. Nathan Carroll can also be seen backing up Edmonton soul group, the Carrollettes. As well as his career as a musician, Carroll works as a guitar instructor and a pastor in the Edmonton area.
Frequent collaborators.
Nathan Carroll often collaborates with a small group of musician-friends both with his own music and own their albums and concerts. Brock Tyler produced and played on Carroll’s debut album as well as co-headlining with Carroll on their first cross-Canada tour in the spring of 2008. Carroll also frequently works with David McGregor and Jeff Coutts, who make up the duo the Young Wire Wicks, giving both of them playing credits on his album as well as receiving credit for his guitar work on their debut EP (on which Brock Tyler also played the drums). On his album, Carroll is backed up by singers Heather Donily and his wife, Heidi Carroll.
Discography.
As a solo artist.
Nathan Carroll – the Tie-in to Dyin’ (2007)
Nathan Carroll - Last Stop on the Dancing Bear Act (2009) http://www.redknotrecords.com
Nathan Carroll - Mercy is a Bird (2011) http://www.redknotrecords.com
As a supporting musician.
Kim Fast – Missing the Mistletoe (2006)
The Wheat Pool – Township (2007)
James Murdoch Band – In Transit (2007)
The Young Wire Wicks – EP (2008)
Influences & sound.
In interviews and in his music, Nathan Carroll has been very open about his musical influences. In an interview with Vue Weekly magazine’s Eden Munro, Carroll spoke about how he had the music of Ryan Adams in mind when recording his album, stating, “I really wanted that same in-the-room kind of a feeling. It was the first time I’d heard an album that felt like it could have been written and recorded 40 years ago.”. On the song “Down on my Knees” from his album, Carroll lifts two lines straight from Gram Parsons’ “In my Hour of Darkness” and inserts them seamlessly into his own song. His album also contains references to his appreciation for the music of Bruce Cockburn, Hank Williams Sr, Townes van Zandt and Kris Kristofferson. He also mentioned in an interview with Sandra Sperounes of the Edmonton Journal that he plays the music of Johnny Cash for his infant son.
Nathan Carroll's sound is an obvious reflection of these influences. Carroll's website declares that his music is “Country Western for the Masses”. The music is country-rock with take off solos by Carroll himself throughout the album; solos which have garnered praise at live shows. The most common comparison that his musical sound earns is to Gram Parsons, especially when he employs a female back up singer to remind the listener of the Gram Parsons-Emmylou Harris partnership.
Awards.
2008 Glasses of the Year Award (Winner) - " Western Canadian Musician's Accessories and Apparel Awards"

</doc>
<doc id="19740217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740217" title="Oklahoma City Museum of Art">
Oklahoma City Museum of Art

The Oklahoma City Museum of Art (OCMOA) is a museum located in the Donald W. Reynolds Visual Arts Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA. The museum features visiting exhibits; original selections from its own collection; a theater showing a variety of foreign, independent, and classic films each week; and a restaurant. OKCMOA is also home to the most comprehensive collection of Chihuly glass in the world including the fifty-five foot Eleanor Blake Kirkpatrick Memorial Tower in the Museum's atrium.

</doc>
<doc id="19740244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740244" title="Luis Da Silva">
Luis Da Silva

Luis Fernando "Trikz" Da Silva, Jr. (born 3 August 1982) is an American basketball player and actor. Luis, who has been referred to as "The World's Best Ball Handler" gained notoriety after headlining the 2001 Nike Freestyle ad campaign and highly recognized as the new up and coming of Hollywood stars, one of the most recognized Portuguese American actors been the face of Steve & Barry's Starbury clothing line tour.
Early Life and career.
Da Silva was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey. In a 2001 episode of "This American Life", an extended interview with Da Silva detailed his rise to fame. During this interview, Da Silva explained that he was the first street ball athlete ever to be signed to an advertising contract by Nike. Da Silva's signing with Nike preceded other future street ball players and had an immediate and lasting impact on the sport of basketball as well as sports advertising. He performed with Alicia Keys, in 2001 in New York City’s Niketown while promoting the well known Nike campaign. He was subsequently mentioned in Scoop Jackson’s main division , titled ‘Sole Provider’, which recognized the best of Nike’s 35-year chronicle. In 2003, Luis was also the youngest player signed to the Harlem Wizards Show basketball team.
After such great exposure through his endorsements, Midway Games offered Luis a lead in the newly developed video game, L.A. Rush, which sold 1 million units internationally. He has also worked with Midway performing the video game motion capturing for NBA Ballers, , , NBA 2K8, NBA 2K9 and AND 1 Streetball video games. He has been featured in magazines SLAM and DIME and on the front page of the Wall Street Journal and the cover of TIME overseas.
In 2006, Stephon Marbury and Steve & Barry's announced that Da Silva would hit the road on the Starbury SLAM Tour(SM), with the first of many appearances at Steve & Barry's stores and schools across 120 cities in 60 days to perform his unique style of Hip Hop-themed basketball wizardry in front of kids and parents. Andy Todd, president of Steve & Barry's, said "Trikz is not only a phenomenal performer; he's also a phenomenal guy who kids will enjoy seeing and hearing."
In August 2007, Da Silva fulfilled a childhood dream when he was invited to participate in a Harlem Globetrotters mini-camp in Houston, TX and two days into the camp was offered a contract to join the legendary team.
In October 2008, the Maryland Nighthawks announced that they selected Luis "Trikz" da Silva with the 14th overall pick as part of their official "Travel team" of the PBL this year, and are set to tour China and other Asian countries during the season.
In 2009, Da Silva achieved a personal goal of setting a Guinness World Records of 24 consecutive neck catches of a basketball. In 2009, Da Silva became the youngest person ever inducted into the City of Elizabeth Athletic Hall Of Fame.
Da Silva has been working on creating his niche in the film industry in such films as "The Brave One" (co-starring Academy Award winner Jodie Foster) and "Pride & Glory" (co-starring Edward Norton & Colin Farrell).
Da Silva has produced and directed an instructional DVD entitled "Freestyle 101" which has been created into an Apple application available on iTunes and Apple store. This DVD is a streetball tutorial that is devoted to inspiring children, adolescents and adults to use basketball in a creative and challenging way of physical fitness. He also became a vegan in 2010 to set an example for others of living a healthy lifestyle through diet and exercise.
Da Silva performed with Sean Combs because of his hit single, "Dirty Money - Hello, Good Morning (NCAA Edition)" for the time of the 2010 NCAA Finals half-time Show commercial Da Silva also performed during the 2010 World Basketball Festival, in New York City, during the Jay-Z performance taking place in the Radio City Music Hall, all presented by Nike.
March 2011 marks the release of Da Silva's "Freestyle 101" DVD onto Amazon.com, which is a full-length 47-minute instructional DVD designed to teach and motivate anyone interested in learning basketball's most extraordinary trick moves. This is exclusive DVD is only available for purchase at Amazon.com in a collaborative effect with Nightowl Productions and Freestyle Dreams Media.
In 2011, Da Silva plays a new role in the summer blockbuster "Fast Five" alongside Vin Diesel and Paul Walker. He appeared alongside Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum in the 2012 comedy, "21 Jump Street". With the release of 2013 "Dead Man Down", in which Luis is again working with Colin Farrell, Da Silva gained his most note-worthy role as “Terry”, the henchman of a notorious gang. His performance landed him on the red-carpet with fellow co-stars Terrence Howard, Noomi Rapace and Dominic Cooper. This lead role is followed up by a role in the 2013 summer hit “The Heat” featuring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.

</doc>
<doc id="19740288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740288" title="Parley Hunt House">
Parley Hunt House

Parley Hunt House is a historic home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bunkerville, Nevada, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19740311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740311" title="List of films about bands">
List of films about bands

Popular music and motion pictures have been linked since the dawn of the talkies and 1927's "The Jazz Singer". While numerous films in the intervening years have featured popular music in their sound tracks, and many have profiled solo artists, the list of films focusing on popular bands is much shorter. Following are significant theatrical films that tell the stories of real or imagined musical groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19740317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740317" title="283rd Engineer Detachment (Terrain Analysis)">
283rd Engineer Detachment (Terrain Analysis)

The 283d Engineer Detachment (Terrain Analysis) was a combat engineer detachment assigned to the 20th Engineer Brigade of the United States Army stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Although the members of the unit wore blue airborne tabs as part of the brigade's shoulder patch jump status was optional.
The detachment, commanded by a field grade officer, consisted of approximately 10–12 personnel, half of which were company grade officers. The executive officer was a captain. Military occupational specialties (MOS) of the enlisted personnel included soils analysts, cartographic drafters, terrain analysts and clerk typists. At a minimum unit members held secret security clearance with officers and some noncommissioned officers holding Top Secret clearances. The detachment had a former Army Security Agency cartographic specialist with Top Secret security credentials in cryptoanalysis, special intelligence and NATO access assigned at one time.
The primary mission of the 283d was to provide land analysis for world wide missions of the XVIII Airborne Corps. It was primarily sequestered away from the brigade area and its members were required not to discuss its work outside of its secure location.
The detachment was so small that it was part of a provisional battalion of the 20th Engineer Brigade and relied on its sister unit, the 63d Engineer Company, for its logistical support. 283d members were exempt from inspections, formal physical training routines, morning formations and the common extra duties required of other brigade members. Because of the nature of its work and close personal contact among its members the distinctions between officers and enlisted members were more relaxed than typical units but still maintained high 'esprit de corps' and discipline. By 1977 the brigade newspaper, 'The Level Line', noted that the 283d had no record of AWOL members. 'The Level Line' name was one of numerous suggestions submitted by 283rd personnel, 2LT Szigeti and SP5 Leviner et al., and was adopted for the newspaper by brigade. The unit adopted the mascot of the wasp by mid-1978. Additionally, from 1978 - 1981, the unit recorded 100% accuracy on SIDPERS transactions, achieved by SP5 W.E. Truxon, the unit clerk.

</doc>
<doc id="19740374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740374" title="Ağdərə, Azerbaijan">
Ağdərə, Azerbaijan

Ağdərə, Azerbaijan (Azeri for "white creek") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740386" title="Mesquite High School Gymnasium">
Mesquite High School Gymnasium

Mesquite High School Gymnasium, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a School MPS.

</doc>
<doc id="19740395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740395" title="Gongan">
Gongan

Gongan or Gong'an may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19740423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740423" title="Allar, Azerbaijan">
Allar, Azerbaijan

Allar, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740428" title="When Silence Is Broken, the Night Is Torn">
When Silence Is Broken, the Night Is Torn

When Silence Is Broken, The Night Is Torn is the debut extended play (EP) by American rock band Eyes Set to Kill. The EP was released July 6, 2006. This was the only album to feature Lindsey Vogt as lead vocalist and Alex Torres as the second guitarist. It was re-released as a companion of their DVD A Day with Eyes Set to Kill and sold 11,000 units.
Background.
The album was released in 2006. Officially, six songs from the album ("Liar In The Glass", "Darling", "Young Blood Spills Tonight", and "Beauty Through Broken Glass" (re-titled as "Give You My All")" were re-recorded for their debut album, "Reach" following Lindsey's departure in late 2007. Also, Pure White Lace was remade and released in their latest album, "White Lotus", under the name "Erasing Everything." There are four songs with videos in their debut DVD, A Day with Eyes Set to Kill.

</doc>
<doc id="19740447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740447" title="Armudlu, Azerbaijan">
Armudlu, Azerbaijan

Armudlu, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740452" title="Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium">
Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium

Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium, now the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies and Performing Arts, is an Art Deco building in Las Vegas, Nevada. It represents a subset of the Art Deco style known as "Aztec Moderne", in which Aztec design motifs were used in an overall Art Deco palette of forms and materials. The academic building and the gymnasium are two of the original 3 buildings that we built. The third was destroyed around 1950.
Described as the best example of Art Deco in Las Vegas, the school was designed by father-and-son architects George A. and Lehman A. Ferris of Reno, Nevada. The stucco-covered reinforced concrete buildings are decorated with a variety of polychrome medallions and friezes depicting animals and plants. The two story academic building, measuring , is part of a seven-building complex within the larger Las Vegas High School Neighborhood Historic District. The gymnasium is of complementary form and construction, measuring . The gymnasium's entrance is rendered as a stylized Mayan arch. The Academic Building and Gymnasium are linked by the 1952 Humanities Building, which is not regarded as contributing to the historic character of the complex.
The Academic Building and Gymnasium were listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 24, 1986. The school became a magnet school for specialized studies in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19740460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740460" title="Buxton, Queensland">
Buxton, Queensland

Buxton, is a small town in Queensland, Australia, situated on the banks of the Burrum River, about from the Bruce Highway, and upstream from Burrum Heads and Walkers Point. The town has a general store, a transfer station, a boat ramp and some picnic facilities. There are also a few holiday houses up for rent during the holidays. The community is serviced by the Isis District State High School and is part of the Bundaberg Region local government area. At the 2006 census, Buxton and the surrounding area had a population of 391.
Boat enthusiasts are able to explore four river systems from this area. Flanking the main road into Buxton are a number of rural homesteads. Those on the southern side of the road have river frontage. The area is known as having some of the best fishing, prawn and crabbing waterways in the south east. There have been some sightings of sharks and rays over the past ten or so years.

</doc>
<doc id="19740461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740461" title="Asadabad, Azerbaijan">
Asadabad, Azerbaijan

Asadabad, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740464" title="FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1950">
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1950

The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1950 were held February 13–18, 1950, on Ajax Mountain in Aspen, Colorado, U.S.A.
These were the first World Championships held outside of Europe, and the first official world championships since 1939. The Giant Slalom made its World Championships debut, displacing the combined event, which returned in 1954.
Zeno Colò of Italy won the downhill and giant slalom, and just missed a sweep of the gold medals; he finished 0.3 seconds behind in the slalom, taking the silver. Austria dominated the women's races: Dagmar Rom won the giant slalom and slalom, Trude Jochum-Beiser won gold in the downhill and silver in the GS, and Erika Mahringer took two silver medals, in the downhill and slalom.
Aspen was in its fourth year as a ski area; it opened in December 1946 with a single chairlift.
The Nordic world championships were also held in the U.S. in 1950, at Lake Placid, New York.
Men's competitions.
Downhill.
"Saturday, February 18, 1950"
In the final race of the championships, Colò descended the course
Giant Slalom.
"Tuesday, February 14, 1950"
In the first men's race, Colò averaged in the one-run event.<br>The course had 35 gates with a vertical drop of .
Slalom.
"Thursday, February 16, 1950"
Georges Schneider edged Colò by three-tenths of a second over two runs.<br>The course of 40 gates had a vertical drop of .
Women's competitions.
Downhill.
"Friday, February 17, 1950"
Trude Jochum-Beiser, 22, won the final women's event, averaging nearly .<br>She had given birth to her first child just four months earlier.
Giant Slalom.
"Monday, February 13, 1950"
In the first race of the championships, Rom averaged in the one-run event.<br>The course had 28 gates with an approximate vertical drop of .
Slalom.
"Wednesday, February 15, 1950"
Rom, 21, won her second gold medal in as many events by the slimmest of margins over two runs.

</doc>
<doc id="19740465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740465" title="Flying Dutchman Records">
Flying Dutchman Records

Flying Dutchman Records was a jazz record label which was owned by veteran music industry executive, producer and songwriter Bob Thiele. Initially distributed by Atlantic Records, Thiele made a five album deal in 1972 with Mega Records to issue five albums in the Flying Dutchman Series. The deal was not renewed and distribution shifted to RCA Records which took over the label in 1976.[http://www.popmatters.com/music/reviews/various/various-flyingfunk.shtml] Some of the musicians who recorded several albums for the label include singer Leon Thomas, saxophonist Gato Barbieri, arranger Oliver Nelson, saxophonist Tom Scott and pianist Lonnie Liston Smith.
Flying Dutchman had three sublables, Amsterdam, BluesTime and Contact.
Gil Scott-Heron released three albums for the label, including his debut "Small Talk at 125th and Lenox" and "Free Will".
Sony Music Entertainment now owns the Flying Dutchman catalog which is distributed by their Legacy Recordings label.

</doc>
<doc id="19740466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740466" title="American Beauty (Edna Ferber novel)">
American Beauty (Edna Ferber novel)

American Beauty is a 1931 novel by American author Edna Ferber first published by Doubleday Doran. Set in the Housatonic region of Connecticut, the story, spanning the years 1700 to 1930, relates the steady decline of the Oakes family and their property, as well as their tense relations with Polish immigrants.
The title comes from a line within the book. According to the story, Christopher Wren, who helped design the Oakes family mansion, said Connecticut has "a kind of American beauty," resembling Kent but possessing larger and higher landscapes.
Plot.
True Baldwin, a millionaire, unnerved by the stock market crash of 1929 is advised to return to the Connecticut farm of his youth in order to buy land to till for his health. After discovering that the home of his childhood is currently owned by Polish immigrants, he and his daughter Candace, an architect, find what she calls "the most beautiful house in America." True says it is the home of the Oakes family, built by Captain Orrange Oakes in the early 18th century.
The house and the land are passed along from generation to generation and are eventually inherited by Judith Oakes. Through time, the mansion, the property and the family have degenerated. Following the death of her mother, Judith's niece Tamar Pring arrives at the Oakes home. Temmie's wily personality and vigor resemble that of her namesake, Tamar Oakes, the daughter of Captain Oakes. Finding the house in a state of disarray, Temmie assumes the responsibility of cleaning it; Judith seems incapable of helping her with household chores. Temmie takes on the name of Oakes and eventually marries Ondia Olszak, a Polish immigrant who works her family's tobacco farm.
By the time True and Candace arrive, Orrange Olszak, Temmie's son, operates what is left of the farm. He is being forced to sell it, however, because of the greed of his half brother and sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19740470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740470" title=".33 Winchester">
.33 Winchester

The .33 Winchester Center Fire (colloquially .33 WCF or .33 Win) is an American centerfire rifle cartridge.
Introduced by Winchester for the Model 1886 lever rifle in 1903, it survived until the Model 86 was dropped in 1936. It was also offered in the Marlin Marlin Model 1895 and Winchester's own single-shot Model 1885.
A good round for deer, elk, or black bear in wooded terrain at medium range, it out performs the ballistically similar .35 Remington, and can be improved with modern powders. The .33 WCF was replaced by the more powerful .348 Winchester, and stopped being commercially offered in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19740494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740494" title="Brown County Courthouse">
Brown County Courthouse

Brown County Courthouse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740506" title="Arrowsmith River">
Arrowsmith River

The Arrowsmith River lies within the Mid West region of Western Australia.
The first European to discover the river was the explorer George Grey on 11 April 1839, on his second disastrous expedition along the west coast. He named it after the distinguished English cartographer John Arrowsmith. 
The river commences just south of Arrino and north-west of Three Springs near the Midlands Road and flows in a westerly direction for a length of to the coast and terminates in Arrowsmith Lake, inland from Cliff Head.
The river drops a total of in elevation over the course of its length.
Flooding in surrounding areas occurred in 1932 following a torrential downpour that caused the river and surroundiing creeks to rise and flood a few hours later. 
The salinity levels in the river are often higher than 1000 mg/L due to brackish run-off water, but the potential bore yields of the catchment are quite high.

</doc>
<doc id="19740518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740518" title="Clark County Courthouse">
Clark County Courthouse

Clark County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740528" title="Crazy Lou">
Crazy Lou

Crazy Lou (died 1886) was the pseudonym of a New York showgirl and prostitute who was a well-known personality in the Bowery during the late 19th century. Described as a ""famous local harlot derived from Boston society"", little of her life is known prior to her arrival in New York. She is said to have been the daughter of a wealthy Boston merchant who, at the age of 17, was seduced by a young man and travelled to New York to join him. She instead fell into the hands of procuresses who sold her to one of the Seven Sisters on West 25th Street. Forced into prostitution, she was eventually released ""when her beauty faded"".
Remaining in New York, she frequented the "Haymarket" and the "Cremorne" and eventually became a popular dance hall girl. She regularly performed at some of the top bars and social clubs in the city including establishments owned by Tom Gould, Harry Hill and Billy McGlory. She spent her last years at Frank Stephenson's "Black and Tan Club" where, even after retirement, she remained a regular typically staying from midnight until 2:00 am. As she grew older, she became destitute and reportedly ""lived on scrappings from garbage pails"" and made her living begging or selling flowers on the street. Yet she continued going to the "Black and Tan" where she had a regular table and was personally served a tumbler of whiskey by Stephenson himself free of charge. One night in 1886, the elderly woman did not show up at the bar and the next morning her body was found floating in the East River. Her mysterious death was never solved, however Stephenson continued to set a glass of whiskey at her usual table for a month after her death and allowed no one to sit at the table until 2:00 am.

</doc>
<doc id="19740536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740536" title="Morgan County Courthouse">
Morgan County Courthouse

Morgan County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740538" title="The Whole Truth (novel)">
The Whole Truth (novel)

The Whole Truth is a 2008 book by David Baldacci.
Plot summary.
The head of a major arms vendor plots to restore the great power confrontations like those of the cold war, along with the long term stability of mutually assured destruction. To this end, he foments hostility between Russia and China, by means of a disinformation campaign (perception management) augmented with selected murders. A secret agent, aggrieved by his fiancée's murder, joins forces with an alcoholic reporter to foil these evil plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19740542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740542" title="Tingzhou, Longyan">
Tingzhou, Longyan

The town of Tingzhou (汀州) is the seat of the Changting County government, Party and police.
History.
For information on Tingzhou Town's colorful past, see the wiki pages on the county it seats and on the former prefecture it seated. 
Reference of Place-name.
The county town bears the name of the large pre-Republican prefecture which it long administered; Tingzhou fu encompassed Ninghua and Qingliu counties in Sanming municipality as well as the entirety of Longyan.
Religion.
The town is the seat of a modest cathedral built by Roman Catholic bishop Johann Lesinski. To this day the territory of the Imperial-era prefecture Tingzhou fu remains, in the eyes of the Holy See, a diocese under the Metropolitan at Fuzhou. The cathedral has no such status though under the Patriotic Catholic administration, and in fact is little used even as a church.

</doc>
<doc id="19740545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740545" title="Traffic collision">
Traffic collision

A traffic collision, also known as a traffic accident, motor vehicle collision, motor vehicle accident, car accident, automobile accident, road traffic collision, road traffic accident, wreck (USA), car crash, or car smash (Australian) occurs when a vehicle collides with another vehicle, pedestrian, animal, road debris, or other stationary obstruction, such as a tree or utility pole. Traffic collisions may result in injury, death, vehicle damage, and property damage.
A number of factors contribute to the risk of collision, including vehicle design, speed of operation, road design, road environment, driver skill and/or impairment, and driver behaviour. Worldwide, motor vehicle collisions lead to death and disability as well as financial costs to both society and the individuals involved.
Terminology.
Traffic collisions can be classified by general type. Types of collision include head-on, road departure, rear-end, side collisions, and rollovers.
Many different terms are commonly used to describe vehicle collisions. The World Health Organization use the term "road traffic injury", while the U.S. Census Bureau uses the term "motor vehicle accidents (MVA)," and Transport Canada uses the term "motor vehicle traffic collision" (MVTC). Other terms that are commonly used include "auto accident", "car accident", "car crash", "car smash", "car wreck", "motor vehicle collision" ("MVC"), "personal injury collision ("PIC"), "road accident", "road traffic accident ("RTA"), "road traffic collision ("RTC"), "road traffic incident ("RTI"), "road traffic accident" and later "road traffic collision", as well as more unofficial terms including "smash-up", "pile-up", and "fender bender".
Some organizations have begun to avoid the term "accident". Although auto collisions are rare in terms of the number of vehicles on the road and the distance they travel, addressing the contributing factors can reduce their likelihood. For example, proper signage can decrease driver error and thereby reduce crash frequency by a third or more. That is why these organizations prefer the term "collision" rather than "accident".
However, treating collisions as anything other than "accidents" has been criticized for holding back safety improvements, because a culture of blame may discourage the involved parties from fully disclosing the facts, and thus frustrate attempts to address the real root causes.
Signs and symptoms.
Psychological.
In a significant number of non-fatal accidents, trauma - notable psychological trauma, or long lasting injury issues can be significant 
Causes.
A 1985 study by K. Rumar, using British and American crash reports as data, found that 57% of crashes were due solely to driver factors, 27% to combined roadway and driver factors, 6% to combined vehicle and driver factors, 3% solely to roadway factors, 3% to combined roadway, driver, and vehicle factors, 2% solely to vehicle factors, and 1% to combined roadway and vehicle factors.
Human factors.
Human factors in vehicle collisions include all factors related to drivers and other road users that may contribute to a collision. Examples include driver behavior, visual and auditory acuity, decision-making ability, and reaction speed.
A 1985 report based on British and American crash data found driver error, intoxication and other human factors contribute wholly or partly to about 93% of crashes.
An RAC survey of British drivers found that most thought they were better than average drivers; a contradictory result showing overconfidence in their abilities. Nearly all drivers who had been in a crash did not believe themselves to be at fault. One survey of drivers reported that they thought the key elements of good driving were:
Although proficiency in these skills is taught and tested as part of the driving exam, a 'good' driver can still be at a high risk of crashing because:
...the feeling of being confident in more and more challenging situations is experienced as evidence of driving ability, and that 'proven' ability reinforces the feelings of confidence. Confidence feeds itself and grows unchecked until something happens – a near-miss or an accident.
An AXA survey concluded Irish drivers are very safety-conscious relative to other European drivers. However, this does not translate to significantly lower crash rates in Ireland.
Accompanying changes to road designs have been wide-scale adoptions of rules of the road alongside law enforcement policies that included drink-driving laws, setting of speed limits, and speed enforcement systems such as speed cameras. Some countries' driving tests have been expanded to test a new driver's behavior during emergencies, and their hazard perception.
There are demographic differences in crash rates. For example, although young people tend to have good reaction times, disproportionately more young male drivers feature in accidents,
with researchers observing that many exhibit behaviors and attitudes to risk that can place them in more hazardous situations than other road users.
This is reflected by actuaries when they set insurance rates for different age groups, partly based on their age, sex, and choice of vehicle. Older drivers with slower reactions might be expected to be involved in more accidents, but this has not been the case as they tend to drive less and, apparently, more cautiously.
Attempts to impose traffic policies can be complicated by local circumstances and driver behavior. In 1969 Leeming warned that there is a balance to be struck when "improving" the safety of a road:
Conversely, a location that does not look dangerous may have a high crash frequency. This is, in part, because if drivers perceive a location as hazardous, they take more care. Accidents may be more likely to happen when hazardous road or traffic conditions are not obvious at a glance, or where the conditions are too complicated for the limited human machine to perceive and react in the time and distance available. (This fact can be used to improve safety, by putting up signs in accident-prone locations, like ones stated above.)
This phenomenon has been observed in risk compensation research, where the predicted reductions in accident rates have not occurred after legislative or technical changes. One study observed that the introduction of improved brakes resulted in more aggressive driving, and another argued that compulsory seat belt laws have not been accompanied by a clearly attributed fall in overall fatalities.
In the 1990s, Hans Monderman's studies of driver behavior led him to the realization that signs and regulations had an adverse effect on a driver's ability to interact safely with other road users. Monderman developed shared space principles, rooted in the principles of the woonerven of the 1970s. He found that the removal of highway clutter, while allowing drivers and other road users to mingle with equal priority, could help drivers recognize environmental clues. They relied on their cognitive skills alone, reducing traffic speeds radically and resulting in lower levels of road casualties and lower levels of congestion.
Some crashes are intended; staged crashes, for example, involve at least one party who hopes to crash a vehicle in order to submit lucrative claims to an insurance company. In the USA in the 1990s, criminals recruited Latin immigrants to deliberately crash cars, usually by cutting in front of another car and slamming on the brakes. It was an illegal and risky job, and they were typically paid only $100. Jose Luis Lopez Perez, a staged crash driver, died after one such maneuver, leading to an investigation that uncovered the increasing frequency of this type of crash.
Motor vehicle speed.
The U.S. Department of Transportation's "Federal Highway Administration" review research on traffic speed in 1998. The summary states:
The Road and Traffic Authority (RTA) of the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) asserts speeding (traveling too fast for the prevailing conditions or above the posted speed limit) is a factor in about 40 percent of road deaths. The RTA also say speeding increases the risk of a crash and its severity. On another web page, the RTA qualify their claims by referring to one specific piece of research from 1997, and stating "research has shown that the risk of a crash causing death or injury increases rapidly, even with small increases above an appropriately set speed limit."
The contributory factor report in the official British road casualty statistics show for 2006, that "exceeding speed limit" was a contributory factor in 5% of all casualty crashes (14% of all fatal crashes), and that "traveling too fast for conditions" was a contributory factor in 11% of all casualty crashes (18% of all fatal crashes).
Driver impairment.
Driver impairment describes factors that prevent the driver from driving at their normal level of skill. Common impairments include:
In Canada, coroner's testing found that in almost 40% of fatally injured drivers some quantity of alcohol was consumed prior to the collision. See also: alcohol-related traffic crashes in the United States;
Poor eyesight and/or physical impairment, with many jurisdictions setting simple sight tests and/or requiring appropriate vehicle modifications before being allowed to drive;
Insurance statistics demonstrate a notably higher incidence of accidents and fatalities among teenage and early twenty-aged drivers, with insurance rates reflecting this data. Teens and early twenty-aged drivers have the highest incidence of both accidents and fatalities among all driving age groups. This was observed to be true well before the advent of mobile phones.
Females in this age group suffer a somewhat lower accident and fatality rate than males but still well above the median across all age groups. Also within this group, the highest accident incidence rate occurs within the first year of licensed driving. For this reason many US states have enacted a zero-tolerance policy wherein receiving a moving violation within the first six months to one year of obtaining a license results in automatic license suspension. No US state allows fourteen year-olds to obtain drivers licenses any longer.
Old age, with some jurisdictions requiring driver retesting for reaction speed and eyesight after a certain age;
Fatigue
Including some prescription drugs, over the counter drugs (notably antihistamines, opioids and muscarinic antagonists), and illegal drugs.
Research suggests that the driver's attention is affected by distracting sounds such as conversations and operating a mobile phone while driving. Many jurisdictions now restrict or outlaw the use of some types of phone within the car. Recent research conducted by British scientists suggests that music can also have an effect; classical music is considered to be calming, yet too much could relax the driver to a condition of distraction. On the other hand, hard rock may encourage the driver to step on the acceleration pedal, thus creating a potentially dangerous situation on the road.
Several conditions can combine to create a much worse situation, for example:
Thus there are situations when a person may be impaired, but still legally allowed to drive, and becomes a potential hazard to themselves and other road users. Pedestrians or cyclists are affected in the same way and can similarly jeopardize themselves or others when on the road.
Road design.
A 1985 US study showed that about 34% of serious crashes had contributing factors related to the roadway or its environment. Most of these crashes also involved a human factor. The road or environmental factor was either noted as making a significant contribution to the circumstances of the crash, or did not allow room to recover. In these circumstances it is frequently the driver who is blamed rather than the road; those reporting the accident have a tendency to overlook the human factors involved, such as the subtleties of design and maintenance that a driver could fail to observe or inadequately compensate for.
Research has shown that careful design and maintenance, with well-designed intersections, road surfaces, visibility and traffic control devices, can result in significant improvements in accident rates.
Individual roads also have widely differing performance in the event of an impact. In Europe there are now EuroRAP tests that indicate how "self-explaining" and forgiving a particular road and its roadside would be in the event of a major incident.
In the UK, research has shown that investment in a safe road infrastructure program could yield a ⅓ reduction in road deaths, saving as much as £6 billion per year. A consortium of 13 major road safety stakeholders have formed the Campaign for Safe Road Design, which is calling on the UK Government to make safe road design a national transport priority.
Vehicle design and maintenance.
Research has shown that, across all collision types, it is less likely that seat belts were worn in collisions involving death or serious injury, rather than light injury; wearing a seat belt reduces the risk of death by about two thirds. Seat belt use is controversial, with notable critics such as Professor John Adams suggesting that their use may lead to a net increase in road casualties due to a phenomenon known as risk compensation.
A well-designed and well-maintained vehicle, with good brakes, tires and well-adjusted suspension will be more controllable in an emergency and thus be better equipped to avoid collisions. Some mandatory vehicle inspection schemes include tests for some aspects of roadworthiness, such as the UK's MOT test or German TÜV conformance inspection.
The design of vehicles has also evolved to improve protection after collision, both for vehicle occupants and for those outside of the vehicle. Much of this work was led by automotive industry competition and technological innovation, leading to measures such as Saab's safety cage and reinforced roof pillars of 1946, Ford´s 1956 "Lifeguard" safety package, and Saab and Volvo's introduction of standard fit seatbelts in 1959. Other initiatives were accelerated as a reaction to consumer pressure, after publications such as Ralph Nader's 1965 book "Unsafe at Any Speed" accused motor manufacturers of indifference towards safety.
In the early 1970s British Leyland started an intensive programme of vehicle safety research, producing a number of prototype experimental safety vehicles demonstrating various innovations for occupant and pedestrian protection such as: air bags, anti-lock brakes, impact-absorbing side-panels, front and rear head restraints, run-flat tires, smooth and deformable front-ends, impact-absorbing bumpers, and retractable headlamps. Design has also been influenced by government legislation, such as the Euro NCAP impact test.
Common features designed to improve safety include: thicker pillars, safety glass, interiors with no sharp edges, stronger bodies, other active or passive safety features, and smooth exteriors to reduce the consequences of an impact with pedestrians.
The UK Department for Transport publish road casualty statistics for each type of collision and vehicle through its Road Casualties Great Britain report.
These statistics show a ten to one ratio of in-vehicle fatalities between types of car. In most cars, occupants have a 2–8% chance of death in a two-car collision.
Some crash types tend to have more serious consequences, Rollovers have become more common in recent years, perhaps due to increased popularity of taller SUVs, people carriers, and minivans, which have a higher center of gravity than standard passenger cars. Rollovers can be fatal, especially if the occupants are ejected because they were not wearing seat belts (83% of ejections during rollovers were fatal when the driver did not wear a seat belt, compared to 25% when they did).
After a new design of Mercedes Benz notoriously failed a 'moose test' (sudden swerving to avoid an obstacle), some manufacturers enhance suspension using stability control linked to an anti-lock braking system to reduce the likelihood of rollover. After retrofitting these systems to its models in 1999–2000, Mercedes saw its models involved in fewer crashes
Now, about 40% of new US vehicles, mainly the SUVs, vans and pickup trucks that are more susceptible to rollover, are being produced with a lower center of gravity and enhanced suspension with stability control linked to its anti-lock braking system to reduce the risk of rollover and meet US federal requirements that mandate anti-rollover technology by September 2011.
Motorcyclists have little protection other than their clothing; this difference is reflected in the casualty statistics, where they are more than twice as likely to suffer severely after a collision. In 2005 there were 198,735 road crashes with 271,017 reported casualties on roads in Great Britain. This included 3,201 deaths (1.1%) and 28,954 serious injuries (10.7%) overall.
Of these casualties 178,302 (66%) were car users and 24,824 (9%) were motorcyclists, of whom 569 were killed (2.3%) and 5,939 seriously injured (24%).
Prevention.
A large body of knowledge has been amassed on how to prevent car crashes, and reduce the severity of those that do occur. See Road Traffic Safety.
United Nations.
Owing to the global and massive scale of the issue, with predictions that by 2020 road traffic deaths and injuries will exceed HIV/AIDS as a burden of death and disability, the United Nations and its subsidiary bodies have passed resolutions and held conferences on the issue. The first United Nations General Assembly resolution and debate was in 2003 The World Day of Remembrance for Road Traffic Victims was declared in 2005. In 2009 the first high level ministerial conference on road safety was held in Moscow.
The World Health Organization, a specialized agency of the United Nations Organization, in its Global Status Report on Road Safety 2009, states that over 90% of the world’s fatalities on the roads occur in low-income and middle-income countries, which have only 48% of the world’s registered vehicles, and predicts that road traffic injuries will rise to become the fifth leading cause of death by 2030 
Epidemiology.
Worldwide it was estimated in 2004 that 1.2 million people were killed (2.2% of all deaths) and 50 million more were injured in motor vehicle collisions. India recorded 105,000 traffic deaths in a year, followed by China with over 96,000 deaths. This makes motor vehicle collisions the leading cause of injury death among children worldwide 10 – 19 years old (260,000 children die a year, 10 million are injured) and the sixth leading preventable cause of death in the United States (45,800 people died and 2.4 million were injured in 2005). In the state of Texas alone, there were a total of 415,892 traffic collisions, including 3,005 fatal crashes in 2012. In Canada they are the cause of 48% of severe injuries.
Crash rates.
The safety performance of roadways are almost always reported as rates. That is, some measure of harm (deaths, injuries, or number of crashes) divided by some measure of exposure to the risk of this harm. Rates are used so the safety performance of different locations can be compared, and to prioritize safety improvements.
Common rates related to road traffic fatalities include the number of deaths per capita, per registered vehicle, per licensed driver, or per vehicle mile or kilometer traveled. Simple counts are almost never used. The annual count of fatalities is a rate, namely, the number of fatalities per year.
There is no one rate that is superior to others in any general sense. The rate to be selected depends on the question being asked – and often also on what data are available. What is important is to specify exactly what rate is measured and how it relates to the problem being addressed. Some agencies concentrate on crashes per total vehicle distance traveled. Others combine rates. The U.S. state of Iowa, for example, selects high accident locations based on a combination of crashes per million miles traveled, crashes per mile per year, and value loss (crash severity).
Fatality.
The definition of a road-traffic fatality varies from country to country. In the United States, the definition used in the Fatality Analysis Reporting System (FARS) run by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is a person who dies within 30 days of a crash on a US public road involving a vehicle with an engine, the death being the result of the crash. In the U.S., therefore, if a driver has a non-fatal heart attack that leads to a road-traffic crash that causes death, that is a road-traffic fatality. However, if the heart attack causes death prior to the crash, then that is not a road-traffic fatality.
The definition of a road accident fatality can change with time in the same country. For example, fatality was defined in France as a person who dies in the 6 days (pre 2005) after the accident and was subsequently changed to the 30 days (post 2005) after the accident.
History.
The world’s first road traffic death involving a motor vehicle is alleged to have occurred on 31 August 1869. Irish scientist Mary Ward died when she fell out of her cousins' steam car and was run over by it.
The British road engineer J. J. Leeming, compared the statistics for fatality rates in Great Britain, for transport-related incidents both before and after the introduction of the motor vehicle, for journeys, including those once by water that now are undertaken by motor vehicle: For the period 1863–1870 there were: 470 fatalities per million of population (76 on railways, 143 on roads, 251 on water); for the period 1891–1900 the corresponding figures were: 348 (63, 107, 178); for the period 1931–1938: 403 (22, 311, 70) and for the year 1963: 325 (10, 278, 37). Leeming concluded that the data showed that ""travel accidents may even have been more frequent a century ago than they are now, at least for men"".
In 1969 a British road engineer compared the circumstances around road deaths as reported in various American states before the widespread introduction of speed limits and drunk-driving laws.
'They took into account thirty factors which it was thought might affect the death rate. Among these were included the annual consumption of wine, of spirits and of malt beverages — taken individually — the amount spent on road maintenance, the minimum temperature, certain of the legal measures such as the amount spent on police, the number of police per 100,000 inhabitants, the follow-up programme on dangerous drivers, the quality of driver testing, and so on. The thirty factors were finally reduced to six by eliminating those found to have small or negligible effect. The final six were:
'These are placed in descending order of importance. These six accounted for 70% of the variations in the rate.'
Society and culture.
Economic costs.
The global economic cost of MVCs was estimated at $518 billion per year in 2003 with $100 billion of that occurring in developing countries. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention estimated the U.S. cost in 2000 at $230 billion.
Legal consequences.
In the United States, individuals involved in motor vehicle accidents can be held financially liable for the consequences of an accident, including property damage, injuries to passengers and drivers, and fatalities. Because these costs can easily exceed the annual income of the average driver, most US states require drivers to carry liability insurance to cover these potential costs. However, in the event of severe injuries or fatalities, victims may seek damages in civil court, often for well in excess of the value of insurance.
Additionally, drivers who are involved in a collision frequently receive one or more traffic citations, usually directly addressing any material violations such as speeding, failure to obey a traffic control device, or driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol. In the event of a fatality, a charge of vehicular homicide is occasionally prosecuted, especially in cases involving alcohol.
Convictions for traffic violations are usually penalized with fines, and for more severe offenses, the suspension or revocation of driving privileges. Convictions for alcohol offenses generally result in the revocation or long term suspension of the driver's license, and sometimes jail time and/or mandatory alcohol rehabilitation.
Due to increase in availability of cable news and Internet news, exposure to such legal actions has increased in recent years, specifically with coverage of cases and class action suits concerning SUV rollovers and recent incidents of sudden acceleration crashes highlighted by the 2010 Toyota Recall. Increased exposure has led to larger class action suits, and automobile owners' ability to link their collision causes and issues to ones in other regions has spread knowledge of external causes.
Sometimes, people may make false insurance claims or commit insurance fraud by staging collisions or jump in front of moving cars.

</doc>
<doc id="19740567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740567" title="Summit County Courthouse">
Summit County Courthouse

Summit County Courthouse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740583" title="Seneca County Courthouse">
Seneca County Courthouse

Seneca County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740592" title="Tingzhou">
Tingzhou

Tingzhou may refer to : 

</doc>
<doc id="19740593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740593" title="Abraham Mayer">
Abraham Mayer

Abraham Mayer (July 10, 1816 – March 1, 1899) was a German-born Belgian physician.
Life.
Mayer was born in Düsseldorf. After studying medicine at Bonn (MD, 1839) he settled in Antwerp in 1848, where he practised as a physician until his death. He took an active part in public life and in the medical activities of his adopted country. For some years he was assistant surgeon in the Belgian regiment of the Hussars of the Guard; and he became a member of the board of medical inspectors to the schools at Antwerp, and president and vice-president of various medical societies in Belgium.
Works.
Mayer contributed many essays to the medical journals of Belgium, including the following: "Un cas de mort par suite de brûlure (perforation duodénale)", 1866; "Un cas d'eclampsie puerpérale au commencement du neuvième mois de la grossesse : enfant né vivant à terme", 1868; "Quelques observations sur les hôpitaux de Londres", 1869; "Une cause insolite de l'intoxication saturne : par le tabac à priser", 1870; "Deux cas d'intoxication puerpérale", 1878; "Une note sur le traitement du choléra", 1885. Most of these were published in the proceedings of the Société de médecine and the Société médico-chirurgicale, both of Antwerp.

</doc>
<doc id="19740607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740607" title="Stark County Courthouse">
Stark County Courthouse

Stark County Courthouse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740614" title="Eddie Borysewicz">
Eddie Borysewicz

Edward 'Eddie B' Borysewicz (born March 18, 1939) is a cycling coach who brought the United States to world prominence, even though at first he barely spoke English. The US team, under his direction, won nine medals at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles in 1984. It was the first time Americans had won medals since 1912.
Background.
Borysewicz was born in northeastern Poland, a region now a part of Belarus. He was originally a runner. He changed to cycling in his youth, quickly showing talent in races and twice becoming junior national champion. Two years of military national service followed, during which the army denied him a place in its sports battalion because, he said, his father was anti-communist. He was misdiagnosed with tuberculosis after leaving the army but recovered to win two more national championships. The effects of tuberculosis treatment, however, adversely affected his liver so he stopped racing and sought a degree in physical education at the University of Warsaw. He claims 30 national and world championships for his subsequent coaching, among them Mieczysław Nowicki, later appointed Minister of Sport in Poland.
He went to the Olympic Games in Montreal in 1976 as assistant for the Polish team. He went from there to New Jersey, USA, to see friends with whom he had raced for Poland.
There he became associated with the North Jersey Bicycle Club, whose jersey he was wearing when he met Mike Fraysse, chairman of the American cycling federation's competition committee, in a cycle shop. The federation had gained money for coaching and support of athletes from President Jimmy Carter's inquiry into the domination in sport by what were perceived to be state-sponsored amateurs from communist countries. Fraysee spoke to Borysewicz about bringing his experience of Polish sports schools. They spoke in French because Borysewicz spoke no English. Next year the US federation took on Borysewicz as its first full-time coach. His riders referred to him as "Eddie B" because they could not master his surname, pronounced bor-i-SHAY-vitz.
National coach.
Borysewicz opened an office at the Olympic Training Center in Squaw Valley, California. He said:
His lack of English meant he had to use the son of a Polish friend, another cyclist, as translator. 
He dispensed with established riders such as John Howard. Historian Peter Nye said:
Many suddenly former national team members became outspoken critics of the new national coach, claiming that he didn't understand the philosophy of US riders. Borysewicz's lack of English helped him miss much of the criticism as he introduced the concept that the team, not the individual, is what counts in racing. American racing over the years was marked by individuals going for the win rather than team tactics.
Among the first riders Borysewicz developed was Greg LeMond. He called him "a diamond, a clear diamond." That year, 1977, Sue Novara came second in the world sprint championship on the track and Connie Carpenter came second in the world road championship. 
The USA did not send a team to the Olympic Games in Moscow. The Russians and most other communist nations then stayed away from men's cycling at the Games in Los Angeles four years later. That lessened competition but the four gold, three silver and one bronze medal were the first Americans had won since 1912.
Blood doping scandal.
America's successes at Los Angeles were coloured by revelations that riders had blood transfusions before their events, a practice known as blood doping or blood boosting. The transfusions were to increase red blood cells in riders' blood, thus taking more oxygen to their muscles. They received the blood of others with similar blood types. 
The French coach and former world champion, Daniel Morelon, told the sports paper "L'Equipe" that American medical treatment was "extremely elaborate". He added: "I didn't say they were taking drugs but on the other hand we and many others were still at the stage of trying our little vitamins." Steve Hegg won a gold and a silver; Rebecca Twigg, Pat McDonough and Leonard Nitz won silver medals. They were identified in the subsequent inquiry as having had transfusions. The others were John Beckman, Mark Whitehead and Brent Emery. The rest of the team refused. Transfusions were suggested by Eddie, by staff members or by the physician who oversaw the boosting, Dr. Herman Falsetti, a professor of cardiology at the University of Iowa.
Fraysse, who had brought Borysewicz's appointment as national coach, said: "We've been looking into this stuff for years and years and years. We weren't gonna fall behind the Russians or East Germans any more." The practice was not against Olympic rules although Games medical guidelines discouraged it. Ed Burke, without Borysewicz's knowledge or approval, set up a clinic in a Los Angeles motel room. Four of the seven athletes who had transfusions won medals. The US federation banned blood-doping in January 1985. Although Borysewicz denied involvement, both he and Burke were fined a month's pay. Fraysse was demoted from first to third vice-president.
Professional coach.
Eddie Borysewicz resigned as coach of the American national team in 1987 partly because of disagreements with members of his squad. He started his own amateur team in 1988. Sponsorship by Sunkyong, a Korean electronics firm, ended after a year and Borysewicz sought a replacement in Montgomery Securities. Its chief executive, Thomas Weisel, agreed to a team of 15 that included Lance Armstrong. That team, after several sponsorship changes, became the US Postal Service and Discovery Channel teams for which Armstrong won the Tour de France seven times before those victories were vacated in 2012 after the USADA ruled that Armstrong doped during each of those victories.
Borysewicz claimed Lance Armstrong as his discovery and not that of Armstrong's later coach, Chris Carmichael. When Carmichael said of his work at the US federation that he wished he had "five Lances," Borysewicz replied, 
Personal life.
He lives in Ramona, California. His house burned in the 2003 Cedar Fire that devastated San Diego County. Eddie received over 600 letters from friends and cyclists worldwide in response to his loss. Donations totaling $120,000 allowed him to rebuild his house.

</doc>
<doc id="19740634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740634" title="Shelby County Courthouse">
Shelby County Courthouse

Shelby County Courthouse can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740647" title="Richland County Courthouse">
Richland County Courthouse

Richland County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740657" title="Masihur Rahman">
Masihur Rahman

Masihur Rahman is an economist and a former civil servant of the Bangladesh Government. During his career, he held many important government offices and represented the government at the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, and the Islamic Development Bank. 
Considered as one of the country's foremost experts in economy, he has authored several books on economics and politics, and his articles have been published in different journals. Since 2002, he has contributed articles to newspapers and journals published in Dhaka. 
In 2006, while serving as the managing director and the economic adviser to the Board of the Credit Rating Agency of Bangladesh Ltd. (CRAB), he was elected as a member of the Best Practices Committee of the Association of Credit Rating Agencies in Asia (ACRAA). As of Summer/Fall 2008, he is touring across campuses in the United States giving lectures on the politics of Bangladesh at conferences.
Education.
Masihur Rahman studied Economics at Dhaka University from 1959 to 1963. He obtained his Master's Degree from the Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University in 1976, and his PhD from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy of Tufts University in 1980.
Career.
Masihur Rahman joined the Civil Service of Pakistan (CSP) in October 1965. He held several important government offices including:
During his career, he represented the government as Alternate Governor, Acting Governor or Member of the Board of Directors at the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Islamic Development Bank (IDB) and its affiliate for Private Sector Development. He was Chair of the Evaluation Committee of IFAD (mid-1980s) and as Vice-Chair presided over the business sessions at the annual meeting of IDB in 2001.
He retired from his government service in October 2001.
Books and Publications.
His published monographs and books include:

</doc>
<doc id="19740664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740664" title=".70-150 Winchester">
.70-150 Winchester

The .70-150 Winchester is a hypothetical American centerfire rifle cartridge.
Appearing on cartridge boards of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company in 1888, it may have been nothing more than a display novelty based on a brass 12-gauge shotshell (rather than the paper cases common at the time, or plastic frequently seen today), shortened and necked-down slightly. Only one rifle was ever chambered for it, and it was never offered commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="19740675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740675" title="Crawford County Courthouse">
Crawford County Courthouse

Crawford County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740679" title="Defying Gravity (2008 film)">
Defying Gravity (2008 film)

Defying Gravity is a 2008 independent feature film produced by Balancing Act Pictures. It was accepted to 11 film festivals and won 4 awards. It is distributed by Indie-Pictures.
Plot.
Cassandra, a mute runaway girl, takes refuge in the Jewish cemetery in which her mother is laid to rest. She is watched over by Jorge, the cemetery caretaker, an illegal immigrant.
Shore is a dynamic, handsome, and brilliant young man who also happens to be homeless. After almost hitting Cassandra in his dilapidated VW bus, he becomes fascinated by the gothic cemetery waif and attempts to befriend her.
A sequence of events results in Cass getting lost. Jorge and Shore flee the cemetery in a stolen hearse to find Cassandra before her abusive stepfather does. All paths lead to Yermo, California - the site of a roadside diner and a feisty but compassionate transvestite waitress named Lola.

</doc>
<doc id="19740700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740700" title="Fairfield County Courthouse">
Fairfield County Courthouse

Fairfield County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740705" title="Longhua District">
Longhua District

Longhua () is a county-level district under the jurisdiction of Haikou city, in Hainan, a province of China. The district's total area is 300 square kilometers, and its population was 440,000 people in 2002.
Administrative regions.
Longhua district has jurisdiction over Zhongshan Road, Jinmao Road, Datong Road, Haiken Road, and Jinyu Road. It also contains the small towns of Chengxi, Longqiao, Xinpo, Zuntan, and Longquan.

</doc>
<doc id="19740726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740726" title="Anthony Napoleon">
Anthony Napoleon

Anthony Napoleon, Ph.D., 1979 Graduate of International University's College of Arts and Sciences, School of Psychology, is a nationally recognized trial analyst and forensic psychologist.Napoleon is internationally recognized as an expert on forensic profiling and the psychology of plastic surgery. Dr. Napoleon's work on the psychology of plastic surgery has been cited in peer reviewed journals and books in several languages and cultures. His training included work at the United States International University and a medical psychology fellowship in plastic surgery. He was an early developer and innovator of methods and techniques used to decipher criminal behavior and to reconstruct personality profiles based upon images, writings and contextual behavior.
His work has been featured on Court TV, NPR and other major television and radio outlets. He has been a guest lecturer at law schools and provides ABA approved continuing education to lawyers across the country. His clients have included governmental entities as well as the private sector. He is president of Napoleon Legal Consulting, Inc., headquartered in La Jolla, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19740732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740732" title="Hamilton County Courthouse">
Hamilton County Courthouse

Hamilton County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740771" title="Hancock County Courthouse">
Hancock County Courthouse

Hancock County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740776" title="Dimethylhexane">
Dimethylhexane

Dimethylhexane may refer to any of several isomeric chemical compounds:

</doc>
<doc id="19740779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740779" title="Meilan District">
Meilan District

Meilan () is a county-level district under the jurisdiction of Haikou city, in Hainan, a province of the People's Republic of China. The district's total area is 553 square kilometers, and its population was 510,000 people in 2002.
Administrative regions.
Meilan district has jurisdiction over Haifu Road, Boai Road, Haidian Road, Renminlu Road, Bailong Road, Hepingnan Road, and Baisha Road. It also contains the small towns of Xinbu, Lingshan, Yanfeng, Shanjiang, and Dazhipo.

</doc>
<doc id="19740815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740815" title="Holmes County Courthouse">
Holmes County Courthouse

Holmes County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740826" title="Lake County Courthouse">
Lake County Courthouse

Lake County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740832" title="Chandrashekhar Singh">
Chandrashekhar Singh

Chandrashekhar Singh was a member of the Indian National Congress and served as the Chief Minister of Bihar from August 1983 to March 1985. He also held a number of Cabinet Minister positions in the Cabinet of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi. He had also been elected Member of Parliament numerous times.
He last held the position of Minister of Petroleum, after which he died due to cancer.
He was elected to the Bihar Assembly for the first time in 1952 after which he served the people of Bihar for 30 years continuously till 1980. In 1980, he was invited by Indira Gandhi to contest Elections on an Indian National Congress ticket from Banka. He won with an overwhelming majority. In 1983, he was asked to become the Chief Minister of Bihar. After the 1985 Elections, he was asked by Rajiv Gandhi to return to Government of India as Minister of Petroleum. He was elected to the Parliament of India a total of 5 times.
A museum has also been opened in Jamui in Bihar in his name. It was established in 1983 by the state government to preserve the antiquities of the surrounding areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19740837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740837" title="Xiuying District">
Xiuying District

Xiuying () is a county-level district under the jurisdiction of Haikou city, in Hainan, a province of the People's Republic of China. The district's total area is 512 square kilometers, and its population was 290,000 people in 2002.
Administrative regions.
Xiuying district has jurisdiction over Xiuying Road and Haixiu Road. It also contains the small towns of Changliu, Xixiu, Haixiu, Shishan, Yongxing, and Dongshan.

</doc>
<doc id="19740845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740845" title="French assistance to Nguyễn Ánh">
French assistance to Nguyễn Ánh

French assistance to Nguyễn Ánh the future Emperor of Vietnam, whose name was later changed to Gia Long), the founder of the Nguyễn Dynasty, covered a period from 1777 to 1820. From 1777, Mgr Pigneau de Behaine, of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, had taken to protecting the young Vietnamese prince who was fleeing from the offensive of the Tây Sơn. Pigneau de Behaine went to France to obtain military aid, and obtained that a France-Vietnam alliance was signed through the 1787 Treaty of Versailles, between the king of France Louis XVI and Prince Nguyễn Ánh. As the French regime was under considerable strain at the eve of the French Revolution, France was unable to follow through with the application of the treaty. However, Mgr Pigneau de Behaine persisted in his efforts and with the support of French individuals and traders mounted a force of French soldiers and officers that would contribute to the modernization of the armies of Nguyễn Ánh, contributing to his victory and his reconquest of the totality of Vietnam by 1802. A few French officers would remain in Vietnam after the victory, becoming prominent mandarins. The last of them left in 1824, following the enthronement of Minh Mạng, Gia Long's successor. The terms of the 1787 Treaty of Alliance would still remain one of the justifications of French forces when they demanded the remittance of Đà Nẵng in 1847.
Protection of Nguyễn Ánh.
The French first intervened in the dynastic battles of Vietnam in 1777 when 15-year-old Prince Nguyễn Ánh, fleeing from an offensive of the Tây Sơn, received shelter from Mgr Pigneau de Behaine in the southern Principality of Hà Tiên. Pigneau de Behaine and his Catholic community in Hà Tiên then helped Nguyễn Ánh take refuge in the island of Pulo Panjang.
These events created a strong bond between Nguyễn Ánh and Pigneau de Behaine, who took a role of protector over the young prince. Following this ordeal, Nguyễn Ánh was able to recapture Saigon in November 1777 and the whole of Cochinchina, and took the title of Commander in Chief in 1778.
Intervention in the Cambodian conflict (1780-1781).
In neighbouring Cambodia, a pro-Cochinchinese revolt erupted to topple the pro-Siam king Ang Non. In 1780, the Cochinchinese troops of Nguyễn Ánh intervened, and Pigneau helped them obtain weapons from the Portuguese. The Bishop was even accused by the Portuguese of manufacturing weapons for the Cochinchinese, especially grenades, a new weapon for Southeast Asia. Pigneau de Behaine also organized the supply of three Portuguese warships for Nguyễn Ánh. In his activities, Pigneau was supported by a French adventurer, Manuel. Contemporary witnesses clearly describe Pigneau's military role:
1782-1783-1785 Tây Sơn offensives.
The French adventurer Manuel, in the service of Mgr Pigneau, took part in the battles against the 1782 offensive of the Tây Sơn. He fought commanding a warship against the Tây Sơn in the Saigon River, but he blew himself up with his warship rather than surrender to the more numerous Tây Sơn navy. In October 1782, Nguyễn Ánh was able to recapture Saigon, only to be expelled again by the Tây Sơn in March 1783. 
In March 1783, the Nguyễn were again defeated, and Nguyễn Ánh and Pigneau fled to the island of Phú Quốc. They had to escape again when their hideout was discovered, being chased from island to island until they reached Siam. Pigneau de Behaine visited the Siamese court in Bangkok end 1783. Nguyễn Ánh also reached Bangkok in February 1784, where he obtained that an army would accompany him back to Vietnam. In January 1785 however, the Siamese fleet met with disaster against the Tây Sơn in the Mekong.
Nguyễn Ánh again took refuge with the Siamese court, and again tried to obtain help from the Siamese. Nguyễn Ánh also resolved to obtain any help he could from Western countries. He asked Pigneau to appeal for French aid, and allowed Pigneau to take his five-year-old son Prince Cảnh with him. Pigneau also tried to obtain help from Manila, but the party of Dominicans he sent was captured by the Tây Sơn. From Pondicherry, he also sent a request for help to the Portuguese Senate in Macao, which would ultimately lead to the signature of a Treaty of Alliance between Nguyễn Ánh and the Portuguese on 18 December 1786 in Bangkok.
Treaty of Versailles (1787).
Mgr Pigneau de Behaine arrived in Pondicherry with Prince Cảnh in February 1785. The French administration in Pondicherry, led by the interim Governor Coutenceau des Algrains, successor of Bussy, seconded by Captain d'Entrecasteaux, was resolutely opposed to intervening in southern Vietnam, stating that it was not in the national interest. In July 1786, Pigneau was allowed to travel to France to ask the royal court directly for assistance. News of his activities reached Rome where he was denounced by the Spanish Franciscans, and offered Prince Cảnh and his political mandate to the Portuguese. They left Pondicherry for France in July 1786. which they reached in February 1787.
Arriving in February 1787 with the child prince Canh at the court of Louis XVI in Versailles, Pigneau had difficulty in gathering support for a French expedition to install Nguyễn Ánh on the throne. This was due to the poor financial state of the country prior to the French Revolution. 
Eventually, he was able to seduce the technicians of military action with his precise instructions as to the conditions of warfare in Indochina and the equipment for the proposed campaign. He explained how France would be able to "dominate the seas of China and of the archipelago." The party met with King Louis XVI, Minister of the Navy de Castries and Minister of Foreign Affairs Montmorin on May 5 or 6, 1787. Prince Cảnh created a sensation at the court of Louis XVI, leading the famous hairdresser Léonard to create a hairstyle in his honour ""au prince de Cochinchine"". His portrait was made in France by Maupérin, and is now on display at the Séminaire des Missions Étrangères in Paris. Prince Cảnh dazzled the Court and even played with the son of Louis XVI, Louis-Joseph, Dauphin of France, who was about the same age.
By November, his constant pressure had proved effective. On 21 November 1787, the Treaty of Versailles was concluded between France and Cochin China in Nguyễn Ánh's name. Four frigates, 1650 fully equipped French soldiers and 250 Indian sepoys were promised in return for Pulo Condore and harbour access at Tourane (Da Nang). De Fresne was supposed to be the leader of the expedition. 
The French government, on the eave of the French Revolution, was in tremendous financial trouble, and saw its position weakened following the outbreak of civil war in Holland, theretofore a strategic ally in Asia. These elements strongly dampened its enthusiasm for Pigneau's plan between his arrival and the signature of the Treaty in November. A few days after the treaty was signed, the foreign minister sent instructions on 2 December 1787 to the Governor of Pondicherry Thomas Conway, which left the execution of the treaty to his own appreciation of the situation in Asia, stating that he was "free not to accomplish the expedition, or to delay it, according to his own opinion"
Military assistance (1789-1802).
The party would leave France in December 1787 on board the "Dryade", commanded by M. de Kersaint and accompanied by the "Pandour", commanded by M. de Préville. They would again stay in Pondicherry from May 1788 to July 1789. The "Dryade" was ordered by Conway to continue to Poulo Condor to meet with Nguyễn Ánh and deliver him 1,000 muskets bought in France and Father Paul Nghi, a Cochinchinese missionary devoted to Mgr Pigneau.
However, Pigneau found the governor of Pondicherry unwilling to further fulfill the agreement. Although the Royal Council had already decided in October 1788 to endorse Conway, Pigneau was not informed until April. Pigneau was forced to use funds raised in France and enlist French volunteers. Pigneau was unaware of this duplicity. He defiantly noted: "I shall make the revolution in Cochinchina alone." He rejected an offer from the English, and raised money from French merchants in the region. 
Conway finally provided two ships to Pigneau, the "Méduse", commanded by Rosily, and another frigate to bring Pigneau back to Cochinchina. 
Pigneau used the funds he had accumulated to equip two more ships with weapons and ammunition, which he named the "Long phi" (""Le Dragon""), commanded by Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau, and the "Phung phi" (""Le Phénix""), commanded by Philippe Vannier, and he hired volunteers and deserters. Jean-Marie Dayot deserted the "Pandour" and was put in charge of supplies, transporting weapons and ammunitions on his ship the "St. Esprit". Rosily, who had been commanding the "Méduse" deserted with 120 of his men, and was put in charge of recruitments.
Pigneau's expedition left for Vietnam on June 19, 1789, and arrived at Vũng Tàu on 24 July 1789. The forces gathered by Pigneau helped consolidate southern Vietnam and modernized its army, navy and fortifications. At the highest point, the total French military presence in Vietnam seems to have consisted in about 14 officers and about 80 men.
Land forces.
Olivier de Puymanel, a former officer of the "Dryade" who has deserted in Poulo Condor, built in 1790 the Citadel of Saigon and in 1793 the Citadel of Dien Khanh according to the principles of Vauban. He also trained Vietnamese troops in the modern use of artillery, and implemented European infantry methods in the Vietnamese army of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh. 
In 1791, the French missionary Boisserand demonstrated to Nguyễn Ánh the usage of balloons and electricity. Puymanel suggested that these be used to bombard cities under siege such as Qui Nhơn, but Nguyễn Ánh refused to use these contraptions.
In 1792, Olivier de Puymanel was commanding an army of 600 men who had been trained with European techniques. Puymanel is said to have trained the 50,000 men of Nguyen's army. French bombs were used at the siege of Qui Nhơn in 1793.
From 1794, Pigneau himself participated to all the campaigns, accompanying Prince Cảnh. He organized the defense of Dien Khanh when it was besieged by a vastly more numerous Tây Sơn army in 1794.
Navy.
French Navy officers such as Jean-Marie Dayot and Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau were used to train the navy. By 1792, a large Navy was built, with two European warships and 15 frigates of composite design. 
In 1792, Dayot forced the harbour of Qui Nhơn, opening the way to the Cochinchinese fleet which then defeated the Tây Sơn fleet. 
In 1793, Dayot led a raid in which 60 Tây Sơn galleys were destroyed.
In 1799, the Englishman Berry witnessed the departure of the Nguyễn fleet, composed of three sloops of war commanded by French officers, each of them with 300 men, 100 galleys with troops, 40 war junks, 200 smallers ships, and 800 transport boats. 
Jean-Marie Dayot also did considerable hydrographic work, making numerous maps of the Vietnamese coast, which were drawn by his talented brother.
Arms trade.
Nguyễn Ánh and Mgr Pigneau de Behaine also relied on French officers to obtain weapons and ammunitions throughout Asia through trade.
In 1790, Jean-Marie Dayot was sent by Nguyễn Ánh to Manila and Macao to trade for military supplies.
Olivier de Puymanel, after having built several fortresses for Nguyễn Ánh, focused on the trading of weapons from 1795. In 1795 and 1796, he made two trips to Macao, where he sold Cochinchinese agricultural products in exchange for weapons and ammunitions. In 1795 he also travelled to Riau to trade rice received from Nguyễn Ánh. In 1797-98, he travelled to Madras to obtain the remittance of the "Armida", a warship belonging to Barizy, in the service of Nguyễn Ánh, which had been seized by the British in 1797.
Barizy, who had entered the service of Nguyễn Ánh in 1793, also sailed to Malacca and Pulau Pinang to exchange Cochinchinese products against weapons. His ship, the "Armida" was captured by the British, but finally returned. In 1800, Nguyễn Ánh sent him to trade with Madras to obtain weapons. According to one missionary, he was:
Death of Pigneau de Behaine (1799).
Pigneau died at the siege of Qui Nhơn in October 1799. Pigneau de Behaine was the object of several funeral orations on behalf of emperor Gia Long and his son Prince Cảnh. In a funeral oration dated 8 December 1799, Gia Long praised Pigneau de Behaine's involvement in the defense of the country, as well as their personal friendship:
The French forces in Vietnam continued the fight without him, until the complete victory of Nguyễn Ánh in 1802.
Qui Nhơn battle (1801).
The Tây Sơn suffered a major naval defeat at Qui Nhơn in February 1801. The French took an active part in the battle. Chaigneau described the battle in a letter to his friend Barizy:
On June 5, 1801, Nguyen left with his fleet for the north, and ten days later succeeded in capturing Huế. On 20 July 1802, Nguyễn Ánh captured Hanoi and thus completed his reconquest of Vietnam.
Continued French presence in Vietnam.
Once Nguyễn Ánh became emperor Gia Long, several Frenchmen remained at the court to become mandarins, such as Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau. Chaigneau received the title of "truong co", together with Philippe Vannier, de Forsans and Despiau, meaning second-class second-degree military mandarins, and later received the title of Grand Mandarin once Gia Long became emperor, with personal escorts of 50 soldiers.
Several also married into a Vietnamese Catholic mandarin family, such as Chaigneau, Vannier or Laurent Barizy. 
The results of these French efforts at the modernization of Vietnamese forces were attested by John Crawfurd, who visited Huế in 1822:
With the death of Gia Long and the advent of Minh Mạng, relations strained considerably, and French advisors left the country. The last two of them, Jean-Baptiste Chaigneau and Philippe Vannier left Vietnam for France in 1824, together with their Vietnamese families.
Seclusion and persecutions.
Only Catholic missionaries, mostly members of the Paris Foreign Missions Society, remained in Vietnam, although their activities were soon prohibited and they became persecuted. 
In Cochinchina, the Lê Văn Khôi revolt (1833-1835) united Vietnamese Catholics, missionaries and Chinese settlers in a major revolt against the ruling emperor, in which they were defeated. Persecutions would follow, leading to the killing of numerous missionaries such as Joseph Marchand in 1835, Jean-Charles Cornay in 1837, or Pierre Borie in 1838, as well as local Catholics.
In 1847, French warships under Augustin de Lapierre and Charles Rigault de Genouilly demanded that persecutions cease, and that Da Nang be remitted to them in application of the 1787 Treaty of Versailles. The French sank the Vietnamese fleet in Da Nang in the Bombardment of Đà Nẵng (1847), and negotiation with Emperor Thiệu Trị broke down. 
Persecutions of Catholics, combined with French desire for colonial expansion, would trigger ever stronger military interventions from France. The dispatch of an expeditionary force under Rigault de Genouilly would mark the return of the French military of Vietnamese soil, with the Siege of Đà Nẵng (1858) and the Capture of Saigon (1859), origin of the establishment of French Indochina.

</doc>
<doc id="19740848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740848" title="Siegfried Lüdden">
Siegfried Lüdden

Siegfried Lüdden (20 May 1916 – 13 January 1945) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Lüdden is credited with the sinking of 8 ships of and one warship, the HMS "Beverley", and damaging a further ship of . Among others, he and "Korvettenkapitän" Wilhelm Franken were killed on 13 January 1945 when a fire broke out on the accommodation ship "Daressalem" in Kiel harbor.
Summary of career.
Ships attacked.
As a U-boat commander of Siegfried Lüdden is credited with the sinking of eight and one warship, the HMS "Beverley", and damaging a further ship of .

</doc>
<doc id="19740876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740876" title="Lawrence County Courthouse">
Lawrence County Courthouse

Lawrence County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740886" title="2008 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Canada">
2008 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Canada

2008 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Canada is a tournament of Twenty20 international cricket matches that was held in Canada from 10 to 13 October 2008. The four participating teams are Canada, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Zimbabwe. The matches are played at the North-West ground of Maple Leaf Cricket Club in King City, Ontario.
Final.
Player of the series: Ajantha Mendis (SRI)
References.
www.cricinfo.com

</doc>
<doc id="19740891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740891" title="Shailendra Singh (police officer)">
Shailendra Singh (police officer)

Shailendra Singh is a former Deputy Superintendent of Police in India.
Following his 2004 resignation, the Congress Party appointed him the chair of its Right to Information Task Force for the province of Uttar Pradesh.
Singh was arrested in September 2008.
Authorities claimed he had been arrested while he tried to lead a gang in ransacking the offices of the State Information Commission.
Political colleagues asserted he had been arrested in his own home, at 1:30am, and that his arrest was politically motivated.
Singh was released on bail on 2008, October 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19740902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740902" title="Wuzhishan City">
Wuzhishan City

Wǔzhǐshān () is a county-level city in the south-central part of Hainan, a province of the People's Republic of China. It was originally called Tōngshí () and is located beside Wuzhi Shan, the mountain. The city's total area is 1129 square kilometres, and its population is 115,000 people. Its postal code is 572200, and its district number is 0898. 

</doc>
<doc id="19740907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740907" title="Habib Ibrahim Rehmatullah">
Habib Ibrahim Rehmatullah

Habib Ibrahim Rahimtoola (March 10, 1912 - January 2, 1991) was the first High Commissioner to the UK for Pakistan.
Other political offices.
He also held other posts such as the Pakistani Ambassador to France, the Governor of Punjab (Pakistan) and the Governor of Sindh and served as the Federal Minister of Commerce and Industries of Pakistan, Chairman Pakistan Red Cross, He continued in public service until his retirement in the late 1970s.
Business affairs.
In the late 1950s, he entered private business by setting up an investment company called Bandenawaz (Pvt) Ltd.
He also served on the Boards of various multinational and national companies in Pakistan as either a Director or Chairman including: United Bank Ltd, Eastern Federal Insurance, Brooke Bond, Pakistan Oxygen (now BOC Pakistan), Aspro-Nicholas (now Reckitt Benckiser), Organon Pakistan (part of AkzoNobel) and Pakistan Cables (BICC).

</doc>
<doc id="19740909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740909" title="Princess Maria Cristina of Savoy-Aosta">
Princess Maria Cristina of Savoy-Aosta

Maria Cristina of Savoy-Aosta (born 12 September 1933 at Miramare near Trieste, Italy) is a Princess of Savoy-Aosta by birth and a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies by marriage to Prince Casimir of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Family.
Maria Cristina is the second and youngest daughter of Amedeo, 3rd Duke of Aosta, Italian Viceroy and Governor-General of Italian East Africa during World War II, and his wife Princess Anne d'Orléans.
Marriage and issue.
Maria Cristina married Prince Casimir of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, son of Prince Gabriel of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his wife Princess Cecylia Lubomirska, on 29 January 1967 in Jacarezinho, Brazil. Maria Cristina and Casimir have four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19740917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740917" title="List of Linebarrels of Iron episodes">
List of Linebarrels of Iron episodes

The episodes for the Japanese animated television series "Linebarrels of Iron" are directed by Masamitsu Hidaka and animated by Gonzo. All twenty-four episodes first aired on the Japanese television network TBS (Tokyo Broadcasting System) from October 3, 2008 to March 20, 2009. The anime is based on Eiichi Shimizu's and Tomohiro Shimoguchi's manga of the same name, which was first serialized in Akita Shoten's monthly shōnen manga magazine, "Champion Red", in 2004. The story centers around Kouichi Hayase, a fourteen-year-old boy living a mediocre life until an accident turns him into the pilot of a gigantic robot called "Linebarrel", as well as lead him to encounter a mysterious girl named Emi Kizaki.
Though the episodes aired first on TBS, CBC and Sun-TV also broadcast the series; CBC aired it within an hour after TBS's initial broadcasts, and Sun-TV aired the episodes a week later. Also, in an agreement, in which Gonzo's corporate parent, the GDH group, decided to allow popular video-sharing websites to stream some of Gonzo's latest anime titles, Crunchyroll, an anime-sharing site, streams episodes of the "Linebarrels of Iron" anime two hours after its premiere in Japan.
Five pieces of theme music are used for the anime series: one opening theme, two ending themes and two insert songs. The opening theme is by the Japanese band Ali Project, and the ending themes are and "Remedy" by Maaya Sakamoto. The insert songs are and "PROUD" by Lisa Komine. An instrumental version of "Kitei no Tsurugi" was also used as an insert song in episode 20. The Ali Project released the "Kitei no Tsurugi" single on November 19, 2008. "Ame ga Furu", Maaya's seventeenth single, was released on October 29, 2008, and "Remedy" was released within Maaya's sixth album, Kazeyomi, on January 14, 2009.
As of June 24, 2009, JVC Entertainment has released a total of seven DVD volumes in Japan, with the first being released on December 24, 2008. The eighth volume is scheduled to be released on July 22, 2009. Each volume contains one disc, with each one containing three episodes, save the first volume, which contains only the first episode. Every volume also contains extras, ranging from Drama CDs to original illustrations by the creator.

</doc>
<doc id="19740918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740918" title="Lucas County Courthouse">
Lucas County Courthouse

Lucas County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740942" title="Meigs County Courthouse">
Meigs County Courthouse

Meigs County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740950" title="History of Mumbai under indigenous empires">
History of Mumbai under indigenous empires

The Ancient history of Mumbai recounts the history of Mumbai from 300 BCE to 1348 CE.
History.
The present day Mumbai was originally an archipelago of seven islands. Pleistocene sediments found around Kandivali in northern Bombay by Todd in 1939 indicate that these islands were inhabited since the Stone Age. The archipelago had been named after the Koli Goddess Mumbadevi. The port of Sopara (present day Nala Sopara near Mumbai) was an important trading centre during ancient times. In the 3rd century BCE, the islands were incorporated into the Maurya Empire under the expansion campaign of Emperor Ashoka of Magadha. The empire's patronage gradually made the islands a centre of Hindu and Buddhist religion and culture. Buddhist monks, scholars, and artists created the artwork, inscriptions, and sculpture of the Kanheri and Mahakali caves. The total number of Buddhist cave temples numbered 109, dating from the end of the 2nd century BCE. After the decline of the Maurya Empire around 185 BC, these islands fell to the Satvahanas.
The islands were known as Heptanesia (Ancient Greek: "A Cluster of Seven Islands") to the Greek geographer Ptolemy in 150 CE. After the end of the Satvahana rule in 250 CE, the Abhiras of Western Maharashtra and Vakatakas of Vidarbha held dominion over Bombay. The Abhiras ruled for 167 years, till around 417 CE. During the 5th century, Bombay was ruled by the Kalachuris. These islands were then acquired by the Mauryas, who were feudatories of Kalachuris. The Jogeshwari Caves were constructed during the Mauryan regime between 520 to 550. The Mauryan presence ended when the Chalukyas under Pulakesi II invaded Bombay in 610. During 749-750, Dantidurga of the Rashtrakuta Dynasty conquered Bombay. The Silhara dynasty ruled the region between 810 and 1240. The Banganga Tank, Walkeshwar Temple, and Elephanta Caves were constructed under the patronage of the Silhara rulers. The Italian explorer Marco Polo had sailed through the islands of Bombay during the 13th century. In the 13th century, King Bhimdev had build his capital in "Mahikawati", present day Mahim and Prabhadevi. After his death in 1303, he was succeeded by his son Pratapbimba, who had built his capital city at Marol in Salsette, which he named Pratappur. The islands were wrested from Pratapbimba's control by Mubarak, the emperor of Delhi, who had occupied Mahim and Salsette under his expansion campaign in 1318. But it was later reconquered by Pratapbimba, which he ruled till 1331. Later, his brother-in-law Nagardev reigned for 17 years till 1348. In 1348, the islands came under the control of the Muzaffarid dynasty of Gujarat, thus ending the sovereignty of Hindu rulers over the islands of Bombay.

</doc>
<doc id="19740953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740953" title="Austral Hall">
Austral Hall

The Austral Society was founded in 1903 because of the influence of The Toowoomba poet George Essex Evans to promote Australian Arts and Culture. 
The Society purchased part of the closed Toowoomba Gaol grounds and let a tender to roof part of the goal yard in September 1904. The Austral Hall was built on this site.
The plaque located at 84 to 88 Margaret Street (Park Motor Inn) reads:
"On this site stood the Austral Hall which was reported capable of accommodating 500 stage performers and an audience of 5,000.
"Toowoomba’s Austral Society was founded by George Essex Evans in 1903 for the promotion and advancement of music, literature, art and science. The Society bought the site of the former gaol (1864-1904) and Architect William Hodgen designed the building using three remaining outer walls. The roof was supported by cast iron columns made by the Toowoomba Foundry.
"The Hall was officially opened on 5 November 1904 by Sir Hugh Nelson, Lieutenant Governor of Queensland."
After his death in 1909, and subsequent important distracting historical world events including the Death of King Edward VII in 1910, and moving pictures, the Austral Society ceased in 1911. 
Moving pictures were shown here by a local enterprise, Austral Pictures, until The Empire Theatre was built in 1911, and the building was later demolished.
The bulk of the roofing iron was sold and used to fence the (old) Toowoomba Showgrounds.
A town rock was directed on the open space and over the remaining western part of the wall basalt foundations after an archaeological dig was conducted by Dr Bryce Baker of The University of Southern Queensland in 1997.
A few other Australian towns (Bundaberg, Belgrave) also erected a communal use Arts & Culture building called Austral Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="19740954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740954" title="Mercer County Courthouse">
Mercer County Courthouse

Mercer County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740955" title="Mass (surname)">
Mass (surname)

Mass is a surname with either following meaning and origin:
People surnamed Mass include:
Fictional characters include:

</doc>
<doc id="19740963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740963" title="Laurel Municipal Airport">
Laurel Municipal Airport

Laurel Municipal Airport is two miles north of Laurel, in Yellowstone County, Montana, and eleven miles (17 km) southwest of Billings, Montana. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. It sees no airlines.
Facilities.
Laurel Municipal Airport covers 254 acres (103 ha) at an elevation of 3,517 feet (1,072 m). It has three runways: 4/22 is 5,200 by 75 feet (1,585 x 23 m) asphalt; 14/32 is 2,725 by 50 feet (831 x 15 m) asphalt; 9/27 is 1,100 by 60 feet (335 x 18 m) turf.
In the year ending September 15, 2010 the airport had 41,900 general aviation aircraft operations, average 114 per day. 89 aircraft were then based at the airport: 84% single-engine, 6% multi-engine, 7% helicopter, and 3% ultralight.
Northern Skies Aviation is the only fixed base operator.

</doc>
<doc id="19740985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740985" title="Miami County Courthouse">
Miami County Courthouse

Miami County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19740991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740991" title="Partners for a Green Hill">
Partners for a Green Hill

Partners for a Green Hill is a Canadian environmental partnership which united Senate, the House of Commons, the Library of Parliament and Public Works and Government Services Canada in an environmental partnership. The partnership enables the four institutions to combine their efforts, standardize existing programs, share expertise, develop new programs and continue to play an environmental leadership role for all Canadians.
A steering committee consisting of one representative from each institution was created. Its mandate is to review and approve all environmental activities for the Parliamentary Precinct.
History.
Senate.
The Senate Green Committee (SGC) was established in 1990. In 1993, the Senate Committee on Internal Economy, Budgets and Administration recognized the environmental impact of its activities and adopted an environmental policy. The SGC was tasked with developing and implementing new environmentally sound procedures for the Senate.
The SGC quickly established its priorities: first, to reduce the quantity of waste; and second, to adopt ecologically sound methods for handling and eliminating hazardous materials used or produced in the workplace.
In terms of procurement, the Senate integrated environmental considerations into the procurement process by buying environmentally friendly products and services from suppliers that promote a safe environment in their manufacturing practices.
There are a number of aspects to environmental stewardship: ensuring that management practices comply with international, federal, provincial and local legislation, regulations, standards and guidelines on the environment; making employees aware of environmental issues, encouraging them to act in environmentally friendly ways and acknowledging their efforts; and reducing costs and alleviating the environmental impact of Senate activities by using water, energy and materials more efficiently. The SGC suggested making senators, their staff and Senate employees more environmentally aware by providing them with the tools and information they need to make ecological concerns an integral part of their activities.
House of Commons.
Greening the Hill (GTH) sprang from a desire among federal parliamentarians, led by the Honourable John Fraser, Speaker of the House of Commons from 1986 to 1993, to act on their concern for the environment. As the central legislative body in Canada, it made sense for the House to take a leadership role in environmental management.
In 1989, a Task Force on the Environment carried out a systematic review of House policies and practices, and prepared an action plan for the House of Commons.
The GTH program was officially launched on June 12, 1990, with the establishment of a Senior Management Committee on the Environment (consisting of representatives from House and Library of Parliament staff) and the Office of the Environment. A communications program was put in place to encourage "greening" among employees.
A number of highly successful GTH initiatives got up and running, including:
In 1998, ethanol fuel was introduced for some fleet vehicles, so as to reduce toxic gas emissions, such as carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons.
In 1998, the House Administration adopted the principles of Integrated Resource Planning (IRP), with a view to including resource management decisions in the House's business planning cycles.
In 1999-2000, the House Administration decided to adopt the international standard of the Environmental Management System (EMS), ISO 14001. A House-wide environmental policy was developed, applying not only to the Administration but also to MPs and their parliamentary staff. The Board of Internal Economy (BOIE) approved the policy in December 1999.
This policy led to the Environmental Policy and Procedures Manual, published in February 2000 and updated in October 2001 by the Occupational Health, Safety and Environment Office.
The Clerk's Management Group (CMG) gave its full support to the Greening the Hill program by authorizing the formation of the House of Commons Task Force on the Environment, made up of representatives from all sectors.
In December 2001, the implementation of the Environmental Management System (EMS) was reviewed to determine its compliance with the requirements of ISO 14001.
The analysis found that the environmental practices established as part of the Greening the Hill program gave the House the tools and mechanisms to reduce known environmental risks. The policies, programs and procedures, as written, respected the majority of the ISO 14001 requirements. However, because the EMS was not launched officially, the expected results were not achieved.
Senior management will continue to respect environmental management principles and support a system tailored to the unique context of the House. The House of Commons will continue to use ISO 14001 as a reference point for good management practices and due diligence. However, given the special status of the House, management must show flexibility so as to tailor management processes to the House context.
In 2002, the Task Force on the Environment developed an implementation strategy for the next three years. Managers of the various House branches incorporated the environmental priorities into their business plans.
In January 2002, a pilot project to compost used paper towels from the washrooms was implemented. Two years later, the project was extended to the other House buildings.
In the spring of 2002, a double-sided printing program was officially launched for MPs parliamentary offices and for House Administration offices.

</doc>
<doc id="19740997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19740997" title="Central Bureau of Statistics (Syria)">
Central Bureau of Statistics (Syria)

The Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS) () is the statistical agency responsible for the gathering of "information relating to economic, social and general activities and conditions" in the Syrian Arab Republic. The office is answerable to the office of the Prime Minister and has its main offices in Damascus. The CBS was established in 2005 and is administered by an administrative council headed by the deputy prime minister for economic affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="19741000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741000" title="Morrow County Courthouse">
Morrow County Courthouse

Morrow County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741001" title="List of USSR navy flags">
List of USSR navy flags

This is a list of naval flags of the USSR. In the column «Date» dates of issue of flags are given.

</doc>
<doc id="19741009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741009" title="Dafna Linzer">
Dafna Linzer

Dafna Linzer is a Canadian-American journalist. Since 2013 she has been Managing Editor of MSNBC.com.
Before joining MSNBC, she was an award-winning senior investigative reporter at ProPublica ProPublica, a non-profit news agency., where she wrote the series and ebook "Shades of Mercy" on racial bias in presidential pardons. From 2004 to 2008, Linzer was a national security reporter for "The Washington Post", covering intelligence and nonproliferation. Before joining the "Post", she spent ten years as a foreign correspondent for Associated Press, based in Jerusalem and at the United Nations.
Linzer's reporting from Baghdad, on the hunt for weapons of mass destruction, won national attention and praise, ending with her report that the fruitless hunt had quietly come to an end. For her coverage of the Iranian nuclear program, she received the United Nations 2005 Gold Medal award for international reporting.
Linzer lives with her partner, journalist Barton Gellman, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19741013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741013" title="Ottawa County Courthouse">
Ottawa County Courthouse

Ottawa County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741026" title="Perry County Courthouse">
Perry County Courthouse

Perry County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741035" title="Pike County Courthouse">
Pike County Courthouse

Pike County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741040" title="South 10th Street">
South 10th Street

South 10th Street is a two-way street that runs south-north from Downtown into South Omaha, Nebraska. Beginning at Cuming Street near Ameritrade Park, the street passes Gene Leahy Mall and borders the ConAgra Campus and the Old Market. Its southern reaches are widely regarded as the heart of Little Italy, and further south it was the center of the Old Gold Coast neighborhood. There were several other historically ethnic communities, as well.
Background.
Italian immigrants settled in the neighborhood in the late 1800s, quickly earning the nickname "Little Italy". Today it is home to Latinos, Eastern Europeans and others. However, there are still several Italian restaurants and bakeries along the strip, including the notable Cascio's Steak House and Angie's Restaurant. Angie's Restaurant closed in 2007, and was replaced by Lucky's Lounge, which promptly closed also. 
South 10th Street and the area around it have been a business corridor for many years. Located within downtown, the eastern border of the Old Market is South 10th. Further south, Lauritzen Gardens is bordered by the street, as well. The Sons of Italy Hall at 1238 South 10th Street is a longstanding cultural institution, and the Durham Western Heritage Museum and the Henry Doorly Zoo are equally significant. The Bancroft Street Farmers Market is also located along South 10th.
Historical places.
The Joel N. Cornish House, an Omaha Landmark listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located at 1404 South 10th Street. Other NRHP listings along South 10th include Burlington Station, Hospe Music Warehouse, Union Station, Dietz Memorial United Methodist Church, the Neble House, St. Matthias' Episcopal Church and St. Philomena's Cathedral and Rectory. The Parlin, Orendorff and Martin Plow Company Building, part of the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District, is on South 10th, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19741043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741043" title="Nagai-Aida">
Nagai-Aida

Nagai-aida ("lit. mean," A Long Time Ago) is an upcoming teleserye that will air on ABS-CBN. Executives of ABS-CBN officially shelved the project, no further updates has been released October 5, 2009 to January 29, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19741050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741050" title="Tuadook River">
Tuadook River

Tuadook River is a Canadian river in Northumberland County, New Brunswick. The river drains northeastward from Holmes Lake and Tuadook Lake into the Little Southwest Miramichi River. The name is derived from the original Mi'kmaq name for the Little Southwest Miramichi River

</doc>
<doc id="19741056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741056" title="Rocky Marciano (film)">
Rocky Marciano (film)

Rocky Marciano is a 1999 made for TV movie directed by Charles Winkler and presented by MGM. It tells the story of the rise to fame of legendary boxer Rocky Marciano. 
Plot.
The film shows Rocco's childhood through his fight with his hero Joe Louis. After the Louis fight it flashes forward to his post career, leading up to his death in a 1969 plane crash. 
Awards and nominations.
Canadian Society of Cinematographers Awards
Motion Picture Sound Editors

</doc>
<doc id="19741069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741069" title="1944 in chess">
1944 in chess

Events in chess in 1944

</doc>
<doc id="19741097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741097" title="6s8">
6s8

6s8 or 6S8 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741098" title="Harlem Children's Zone">
Harlem Children's Zone

The Harlem Children's Zone (HCZ) is a non-profit organization for poverty-stricken children and families living in Harlem, providing free support in the form of parenting workshops, a pre-school program, three public charter schools, and child-oriented health programs for thousands of children and families. The HCZ is "aimed at doing nothing less than breaking the cycle of generational poverty for the thousands of children and
families it serves."
The Harlem Children's Zone Project has expanded the HCZ's comprehensive system of programs to nearly 100 blocks of Central Harlem and aims to keep children on track through college and into the job market.
The HCZ and its promotion as a model of education to aspire to, especially in the recent documentary "Waiting for "Superman"," have been criticized as an example of the privatization of education in the U.S. University of San Francisco Adjunct Professor in Education, Rick Ayers writes that "Waiting for "Superman"" "never mentions the tens of millions of dollars of private money that has poured into the Harlem Children's Zone, the model and superman we are relentlessly instructed to aspire to." One year after this film was made, the Grassroots Education Movement made a film titled "The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman", which accused the original film of exaggerating the success of the HCZ.
The Obama administration announced a Promise Neighborhoods program, which hopes to replicate the success of the HCZ in poverty-stricken areas of other U.S. cities. In the summer of 2010, the U.S. Department of Education's Promise Neighborhoods program accepted applications from over 300 communities for $10 million in federal grants for developing HCZ implementation plans.
Principles and programs.
The HCZ designs, funds, and operates a holistic system of education, social-services and community-building programs in Harlem to counter the negative influences of crime, drugs and poverty and help children complete college and go on to the job market. Providing this "full network of services... to an entire neighborhood from birth to college" is a key element of the Obama administration's Promise Neighborhoods program modeled after the HCZ.
The two fundamental principles of The Zone Project are to help kids as early in their lives as possible and to create a critical mass of adults around them who understand what it takes to help children succeed.
Components of the HCZ programs include the following:
Replication in other cities.
A number of large U.S. cities have initiated their own programs styled after the HCZ, in advance of any federally funded efforts stemming from the Obama administration's HCZ-inspired anti-poverty initiatives. Philadelphia, 
Miami,
Chicago,
Cleveland,
and cities in Maryland, are planning or considering HCZ replication.
Author Paul Tough has discussed the HCZ replication proposal.
The HCZ, in partnership with PolicyLink, organized a two-day conference on November 9–10, 2009 in New York City with the aim of providing guidance to community leaders from around the U.S. in their efforts to launch similar, large-scale projects like the HCZ in their areas.
In 2008 President Obama, inspired by the Harlem Children’s Zone immense progress toward breaking the generational cycle of poverty, proposed the creation of Promise Neighborhoods. Obama’s commitment to alleviating poverty is put into place with this initiative which uses HCZ’s “cradle to college” approach. “The initiative seeks to help selected local communities dramatically improve outcomes and opportunities for children and families in defined neighborhoods. The initiative will be diverse in its application, reflecting local needs and context.” The initiative’s goal follows the HCZ’s paradigm to improve every aspect of life in impoverished communities, its purpose states: “all children growing up in Promise Neighborhoods have access to effective schools and strong systems of family and community support that will prepare them to attain an excellent education and successfully transition from college to career.” This purpose statement directly reflects the mission of HCZ. HCZ, in collaboration with the national action institute PolicyLink, assists in providing ongoing guidance for the Obama administration in this initiative.
In 2010, the Obama administration allocated $75 million in the federal budget for the program. More than 330 communities across the nation applied for Promise Neighborhood planning grants. Twenty-one communities were awarded one-year grants between $400,000 and $500,000. Planning grantees are given a year to produce a strategic paradigm which will address the issues specific to their community in pursuit of an implementation grant. The grantees submitted their plans that summer, with the implementation phase for Promise Neighborhoods expected to begin in September 2011.
Media coverage.
The "60 Minutes" television program profiled the HCZ, including an interview with founder Geoffrey Canada, on 14 May 2006 and a follow up program on December 6, 2009. Canada has also appeared twice in televised interviews with Charlie Rose on 2 January 2008 and 22 June 2004,
and with Stephen Colbert on 8 December 2008, on 20 July 2009, and on 4 January 2011.
"The New York Times" ran an article on October 12, 2010, "Lauded Harlem Schools have their own Problems," in which they exposed the "low student performance in most of the neighborhood’s public schools" and the dismissal, by the board of trustees, of an entire class of 8th graders when their performance was deemed "too weak to found a high school on." They also report that "because it lost more ground than comparable schools, it got a C from the city on its annual A-to-F report card, and an F in the student progress category," while giving credit for the increased math scores of many students in the school.
The U.S. radio show "This American Life" produced an episode about the HCZ which aired on 26 September 2008, 11 October 2008, and 14 August 2009.
Barack Obama announced his plan in a 2008 presidential campaign speech in Washington, D.C. to replicate the HCZ in 20 cities across the United States. Federal government would provide half of the funding with the rest coming from philanthropy and businesses at a cost of a few billion per year.
Senator Obama also noted the HCZ in a 2007 campaign speech.
The "Wall Street Journal" featured the HCZ in an article about the financial troubles experienced by this and other charitable organizations in the wake of the recession.
The HCZ initiated a 100-day public service campaign started on January 23, 2009 to help counteract the effects of the economic downturn.
An article in the January/February 2009 issue of "Mother Jones" showcases Geoffrey Canada, the HCZ, and its recognition by the Obama 2008 presidential campaign and administration. The author of this article, Paul Tough, published a book in August 2008 about the HCZ titled, "Whatever It Takes: Geoffrey Canada's Quest to Change Harlem and America."
National Public Radio produced a 30-minute story on the HCZ on 28 July 2009 titled "Harlem Children's Zone Breaks Poverty Pattern."
The "Washington Post" published a story about the HCZ on 2 August 2009, noting that the Obama administration has set aside $10 million in the 2010 budget for planning its Promise Neighborhoods program, which seeks to replicate the HCZ.
18 March 2010, the HCZ was covered in the BBC’s flagship "Today" programme with a view to possible recreation in Great Britain.
Evaluation.
In part because not enough time has passed, there is not evidence available to know whether the HCZ achieves its central goal of ending intergenerational poverty. 
HCZ has had many impacts, on its students, community, and federal programs. President Obama created a grant program to copy HCZ's block-by-block approach to ending poverty. Obama requested $210 million for the program.
Thirty-eight percent of Promise Academy I’s students in third through sixth grade passed the 2010 English test, placing it in the lower half of charter schools citywide and below the city’s overall passing rate of 42 percent. It outperformed Harlem as a whole, where just 29 percent of children passed.
Promise Academy II, an elementary school that occupies part of a public school building, did better, with 62 percent passing in English, among the top 10 percent of charters. But because it lost more ground than comparable schools, it got a C from the city on its annual A-to-F report card and an F in the student progress category. Both schools continued to outperform the city in math, with 60 percent passing in one school and 81 percent in the other.
One Harvard study found that Promise Academy students who entered the sixth grade in 2005 had raised their test scores so much by the eighth grade that they had “reversed the black-white achievement gap in mathematics” and reduced it in English. In 2009, nearly all the students passed the math test.
HCZ's after-school college advice office has helped place 650 students in college. Its asthma initiative has drastically reduced emergency room visits and missed school days among its 1,000 participants. Preschool students have made bounds in kindergarten readiness. Parent satisfaction in the charter schools, as measured by city surveys, is high.
A Brookings report finds that the HCZ increased middle school math test scores more than other academic indicators, yet it finds inconclusive data to support the holistic approach taken by the HCZ. For elementary school years, however, some research has concluded that the HCZ has positive impacts on both math and English language arts.
A March 2010 report in "City Limits" discusses the "stunning rate of teacher turnover the Promise Academies have posted. In 2006-07, a third of Promise Academy I’s teachers left or were dismissed. The year before 48 percent were fired or quit. Only one of the original teachers is still with the Promise Academy middle school." It goes on to quote the treasurer of the board of the HCZ, Mitch Kurz as saying, “We developed a lot of grand plans, educational philosophies, and we overlooked sort of the fundamental aspect of running a successful school, and that is managing the culture of the school."

</doc>
<doc id="19741121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741121" title="American Art (album)">
American Art (album)

American Art is the debut album of the band Weatherbox. It was released on May 8, 2007 on Doghouse Records. The album received critical acclaim from several sources including underground music distribution company Smartpunk, who lauded the band's style: 
The Alternative Press magazine, which gave the album 4½ stars, raved that the record would, "...change your life, if you let it."

</doc>
<doc id="19741143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741143" title="Sandy Stewart">
Sandy Stewart

Sandy Stewart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741153" title="Jack McCulloch">
Jack McCulloch

Jack McCulloch (August 15, 1872 – January 29, 1918) was a Canadian speed skater and ice hockey player. He won several Canadian amateur speed skating championships and one world championship.ex
Sports career.
An amateur skater from 1890 to 1898, during which time he was the dominant speed skater in Canada. In the 1897 world championships in Montreal in the 1,500-meter race, he and Alfred Naess finished in a dead heat, forcing a run-off. McCulloch won by two-fifths of a second.
In 1889, McCulloch helped found the Winnipeg Victorias hockey club, one of the first in western Canada. He participated in the first organized ice hockey game in Manitoba, and played for the hockey club for several years afterward.
During the 1880s, Manitoba athletes first achieved national and international recognition and one of the most outstanding athletes of that era was J. K. (Jack) McCulloch. McCulloch became one of Winnipeg's most prominent sportsmen. A multi-talented athlete, McCulloch excelled in many sports, among which were roller skating, track and field, rowing, canoeing, figure skating, and gymnastics. As a cyclist, McCulloch was dominant in the early 1890s and held the fastest Canadian times at two distances in 1895. McCulloch was also an original member of the Winnipeg Victorias, founded in 1890 as the first hockey club on the prairies, that later challenged for the Stanley Cup. The Victorias won the Cup in 1896 and 1901, the only Manitoba teams to accomplish that feat.
McCulloch was most famous for his speed skating ability. A Manitoba champion in 1890, McCulloch won the Canadian amateur title in 1893 and the American amateur crown in 1896. That same year, he held the distinction of being the only man to have ever held both the Canadian and American championship at every distance. In 1897, McCulloch reached the pinnacle of his career as he won four events at the world amateur championship meet in Montreal, Quebec. After turning professional in 1898, McCulloch travelled across North America and gave exhibitions in trick skating or competed in speed and figure skating until 1907.
McCulloch's knowledge of equipment led him to manufacture bicycles and skates and, by the turn of the century, his innovative tube skate gained widespread popularity among top hockey players in Canada and the United States. McCulloch and his business partner “Jimmy” Boswell were among Winnipeg's first automobile enthusiasts and were involved in auto sales, repairs, and racing by 1904. McCulloch died in 1918 but his outstanding achievements as an athlete were still recognized with his induction into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19741206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741206" title="Ferrante III Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla">
Ferrante III Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla

Ferrante III Gonzaga (April 4, 1618 – January 11, 1678) was Duke of Guastalla.
He was the son of Cesare II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Duke of Amalfi and Isabella Orsini.<br>
He succeeded his father in 1632.
On June 24, 1647, Ferrante III married Margherita d'Este (1619–1692), daughter of Duke Alfonso III d'Este of Modena and Isabella of Savoy.<br>
They had 2 daughters :
When Ferrante III died without male heir, the Duchy of Guastalla became officially a part of the Duchy of Milan, but was ruled by Charles IV of Mantua between 1678 and 1692. Due to Austrian intervention, the Duchy then passed to Vincenzo Gonzaga, husband of the second daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19741243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741243" title="Mid-European Union">
Mid-European Union

The Mid-European Union was a post-World War I political association established in the United States of America on 16 September 1918 "to negotiate territorial disputes between the emerging nations" of Central Europe "and to work towards some form of federal union or economic alliance." 
On 26 October 1918, Thomas Masaryk proclaimed the association's "Declaration of Common Aims" for the independence for the Czecho-Slovaks, Poles, Yugoslavs, Ukrainians, Uhro-Rusyns, Lithuanians, Romanians, Italian-Irredentists, Unredeemed Greeks, Albanians, Zionists, and Armenians. This occurred at a meeting in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at Independence Hall. 

</doc>
<doc id="19741249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741249" title="International cricket in 2009">
International cricket in 2009

International cricket in 2009 is defined as the season of international cricket between May and August 2009 in all cricket playing countries, as well as all international matches scheduled for the 2009 English cricket season. Matches between September 2008 and March 2009 are defined as belonging to the 2008–09 season, while matches between September 2009 and March 2010 will fall under the 2009–10 season.
April.
ICC World Cup Qualifier.
The 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier is a cricket tournament that took place in April 2009 in South Africa. It was the final qualification tournament for the 2011 Cricket World Cup.
The top four teams (Ireland, Canada, Kenya and Netherlands) qualified for the 2011 Cricket World Cup, and Scotland retained the One-day international, meanwhile Afghanistan
gained the ODI status for the following four years and also automatically qualify for the ICC Intercontinental Cup. The bottom two teams was relegated to 2011 ICC World Cricket League Division Three. The final and the play-offs for third and fifth place was official ODIs.
May.
ICC World Cricket League Division Seven.
Group stage.
The 2009 ICC World Cricket League Division Seven will be held in May 2009 in Guernsey. The two leading teams of the tournament will be promoted to Division Six later the same year.
July.
Canada in Scotland.
Scotland and Canada also played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
Kenya in Ireland.
Kenya and Ireland also played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
Canada in the Netherlands.
Canada and the Netherlands also played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
New Zealand in Zimbabwe.
New Zealand were due to tour Zimbabwe for a series of three One Day Internationals in 2009 but the tour was cancelled due to political and security reasons, and the New Zealand Cricket discussed possible fixtures in 2010 but made no definitive decisions.
August.
Kenya in Canada.
Kenya and Canada also will play an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
New Zealand in Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka, New Zealand, and India will play in a tri-series during this time.
In the T20I No. 120 Jacob Oram took the second hat-trick in Twenty20 International
Afghanistan in Zimbabwe.
Afghanistan and Zimbabwe XI played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
Ireland in Scotland.
Ireland and Scotland also played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
Afghanistan in the Netherlands.
Afghanistan and the Netherlands also played an Intercontinental Cup match. "See main article."
ICC World Cricket League Division Six.
Group stage.
The 2009 ICC World Cricket League Division Six will be held in August and September 2009 in Singapore. The two leading teams of the tournament will be promoted to Division Five in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19741255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741255" title="Embassy of Germany, Bangkok">
Embassy of Germany, Bangkok

The Embassy of Germany in Bangkok is the main diplomatic mission of the Federal Republic of Germany to the Kingdom of Thailand. The embassy is located in the capital Bangkok (9 South Sathorn Road, Yan Nawa) on an area of c. 28,000m². The building is owned by the Government of Germany.
Current ambassador is Rolf Schulze since October 2011. His predecessor were Dr. Hanns-Heinrich Schumacher from 2008 to 2011 Christoph Brümmer from 2005 to 2008, and Andreas von Stechow, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Germany from 2001 to 2005.
Part of the Embassy are three Honorary consulates:
Organiziation.
The embassy consists of seven departments.
Activities.
German nationals can register with the Embassy in order to receive information on consular matters and other Embassy activities. As being part of the German government, it oversees Goethe-Institut Bangkok. 
The embassy is a co-host of the annually held "Fest der Deutschen" (celebration of Germans Thailand) in Bangkok, a major cultural event with more than 1,000 guests.

</doc>
<doc id="19741262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741262" title="Duchy of Guastalla">
Duchy of Guastalla

The Duchy of Guastalla was an Italian state which existed between 1621 to 1748. It was bordered by the Duchy of Modena and Reggio and the Po River to the north, on the opposite bank of the Duchy of Mantua.
History.
On the 2 July 1621 Emperor Ferdinand II Habsburg elevated the County of Guastalla to the rank of a duchy. Ferrante II Gonzaga became the first duke of the city, hoping to succeed in the future to the great Duchy of Mantua. Ferrante died of plague in 1630 and was succeeded by his son Cesare II. With him Guastalla expanded its territory with the annexation of the lands of Dosolo, Luzzara and Reggiolo, until then owned by Mantua. In 1632 his son Ferrante III ascended to the throne. Having no male heir, he bequeathed the Duchy of Guastalla to his daughter's husband Ferdinand Charles, Duke of Mantua. 
Meanwhile Guastalla modernized its defenses, owing to the frequent wars which swept over Italy at this time. Between 1689 and 1690 the city was attacked by the Spaniards, who managed to demolish the defensive walls thus occupying the city, destroying the Visconti castle and the town tower. 
In 1692 the Duke was accused of felony and Emperor Leopold I gave Guastalla and its territories to Vincenzo Gonzaga. During his reign, in 1702, there were violent clashes in the territory of Luzzara (see Battle of Luzzara) between the French troops of Louis XIV and imperial forces led by Prince Eugene of Savoy. Shortly after Guastalla was itself attacked. The city, although putting up a heroic defense, was forced to surrender.
Antonio Ferdinando Gonzaga in 1714 inherited the duchy on the death of his father. Unfortunately he was not very active politically, dying in unusual circumstances in 1729. His brother Vincenzo Gonzaga, last duke of the city, took power in 1734 and saw the occupation by the Austrians in the so-called Battle of Guastalla. Later the city was sold to Charles Emmanuel III of Savoy until 1738. The last duke died without heirs in 1746 and the Duchy of Guastalla was incorporated into Austrian Lombardy under the government of Maria Theresa of Austria until the year 1747.
With the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748), Guastalla was joined to the Duchy of Parma, ruled by the Bourbons. It was annexed to the Cisalpine Republic in 1802, but became an autonomous duchy in 1806. It was returned in 1815 to the Duchy of Parma, and remained under Parma's rule until 1847. With the death of Marie-Louise the Duchy then passed to the Duchy of Modena and later on to the unified Kingdom of Italy.
Territory.
The Gonzaga, at the maximum extent of the Guastalla duchy, also took control of the principality of Bozzolo and the annexed territories (Rivarolo Mantovano, San Martino dall'Argine, Pomponesco, Commessaggio, Ostiano, Isola Dovarese) and the Duchy of Sabbioneta.

</doc>
<doc id="19741301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741301" title="Marc-Antoine Pellin">
Marc-Antoine Pellin

Marc-Antoine Pellin (born September 8, 1987 in Orléans, France) is a French basketball player. He currently plays for Orléans Loiret Basket. A 1.67 m playmaker, he is a member of the French national team.

</doc>
<doc id="19741316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741316" title="Pål Varhaug">
Pål Varhaug

Pål Varhaug (born 26 January 1991 in Stavanger) is a professional racing driver from Norway.
Career.
Karting.
Varhaug began his motorsport career in karting back in 2005, finishing fifth in the Norwegian Championship ICA Junior category. He also finished fourth in the Viking Trophy ICA Junior class. The following year he won the Norwegian Championship ICA Junior title.
Formula Renault 2.0.
Varhaug moved up to single–seaters in 2007, competing in the Swiss Formula Renault 2.0 championship for Jenzer Motorsport. Over the course of the season he took seven podium places, including four race wins, to finish as runner-up in the championship. He also took part in selected races in both the Italian Formula Renault 2.0 and Formula Renault 2.0 NEC championships.
Varhaug continued with Jenzer Motorsport in the category for 2008, racing full seasons in both the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and Italian Formula Renault 2.0 series. He finished fifteenth in the Eurocup standings, with his best race result being a fifth place in the second event at Estoril. In the Italian series, he finished in the points in all fourteen races and took three races wins to comfortably win the title.
At the end of the season, Varhaug took part in Formula Renault 3.5 Series testing at Paul Ricard with the Italian Prema Powerteam, completing over one hundred laps in the process.
International Formula Master.
For 2009, Varhaug moved up to the International Formula Master series, once again staying with Jenzer Motorsport. He finised in fifth place in the standings, and was the runner–up in the rookie classification behind Alexander Rossi. He achieved five podium places and a pole position at Brno.
GP3 Series.
Varhaug graduated to the new GP3 Series with Jenzer Motorsport in 2010. After qualifying on the front row of the grid for the opening race of the season in Barcelona, Varhaug became the first–ever GP3 race winner, finishing ahead of both Robert Wickens and Esteban Gutiérrez. He failed to score another point after his win and eventually finished 13th in the standings.
Varhaug originally finished in third place in the feature race at Spa–Francorchamps, but was later demoted to 15th after overtaking the safety car. He also posted the fastest lap in the final race of the season in Monza, but was not rewarded with a championship point because he failed to finish inside the race's top ten positions.
GP2 Series.
Varhaug graduated to the GP2 Series for 2011, driving alongside Romain Grosjean in the DAMS team. He finished thirteenth in the Asia series, which along his team-mate's overall victory, allowed DAMS to win the teams' championship. Whilst Grosjean also won the main series championship, Varhuag did not score any points and was classified 23rd overall.
Auto GP World Series.
After losing his GP2 drive at DAMS, Varhaug moved to the Auto GP World Series with the Virtuosi UK team.

</doc>
<doc id="19741359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741359" title="Thomas Bruce">
Thomas Bruce

Thomas Bruce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741379" title="Lex Caecilia De Censoria">
Lex Caecilia De Censoria

Lex Caecilia De Censoria (The Law of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius Scipio Nasica on the Censors) was passed by Metellus Scipio, Roman Consul of 52 BC. It repealed a law passed by the tribune Publius Clodius Pulcher in 58 BC, which had prescribed certain rules for the Censors in exercising their functions as inspectors of public morals ("mores"). It also required the concurrence of both Censors to inflict the "nota censoria". During the census (conducted once every five years), the Censors could place a "nota" next to the name of a citizen, usually for offenses such as bankruptcy, cowardice, or having been a gladiator. If a citizen had a "nota" placed besides his name, he was subject to a range of penalties, including fines, exile, assignment to an inferior tribe for voting purposes, or even the loss of his citizenship. Thus, by requiring concurrence for the placement of a "nota", this law placed an additional check on the powers of the Censors. This was typically the only act that required the concurrence of both Censors. Also, when a senator had been already convicted before an ordinary court, this law permitted the Censors to remove him from the senate in a summary way.

</doc>
<doc id="19741389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741389" title="Victorian Railways miscellaneous vehicles">
Victorian Railways miscellaneous vehicles

This page contains information on Victorian Railways vehicles that do not fit into other categories. These were for the most part "one-offs", and many were not even classed.
Hospital car.
After the collision at Sunshine in 1908, in which more than 440 people were killed or injured, the Victorian Railways decided to construct two hospital cars, to look after patients injured in a possible repeat of the incident.
The two cars were converted from second class passenger cars, B328 and B343 which had previously been A138 and A153. Both cars dated from 1883. The Hospital cars entered service on 24 December 1909, fitted with water, stretchers, rest beds and medical supplies.
The first car was scrapped in 1940, and the body sold to a property in Somerton. In 1949 it was sold again and moved to Bulla. The second car was scrapped in 1939.
Road vehicles converted to rail use.
Motor cars altered for rail uses.
Petrol Inspection Car.
This was a small car numbered '1' and named the Inspection Car. It was built in England in 1923, but was not found in the 1936 stocktake.
Gang Motor.
The eight-horsepower Gang Motor held five people, and was built at Arden Street in late 1923. In 1950 the vehicle was removed from the rolling stock register and given to "Way and Works" as a track motor.
Motor Car.
The Motor Car was put into service in mid 1925, after being fitted with rail wheels in lieu of tyres. In 1927 the car was named "Mr Molomby's Inspection Car", and allocated to Seymour. It was scrapped in 1952.
Dodge Cars.
There were seven Dodge cars in rail service. The cars were numbered 1 to 6, with car 7 listed "No 7 Repair". The cars were built by the Dodge Company of Melbourne and assembled at Newport. Construction was in 1925 and scrappings lasted from 1939 to 1949.
Road Transferable Locomotive.
In about 1991, it was realised that running long freight trains was no longer economical, given the shift to road transport that had been taking place for nearly 40 years.
As a proposed solution to this, it was decided to purchase a Road Transferable Locomotive, essentially a truck fitted with retractable rail wheels. The truck was intended to haul short trains from three to maybe fifteen wagons, instead of a large locomotive with far more power than necessary.
The idea was that a number of wagons of the given type, would be left in a rail siding and the line shut off. When there was enough of a wheat harvest or other applicable traffic, the Melbourne-based RTL was to drive out to wherever the wagons were stored, and haul them to the nearest level crossing for loading. Once this was done, the RTL would haul its short train back to Melbourne, unload, and then return the wagons to their storage location. The RTL would then return to Melbourne by road, which was quicker given the condition of the freight rail network at the time.
This was intended to cut down on crews, because the RTL did not require crews to be stationed at remote locations - one or two crews would therefore be able to do the work of multiples.
An order was placed for three vehicles, and RTL1 began tests in 1995. It was tested north of Bendigo, but was only able to haul up to seven loaded bogie grain hopper wagons. Tyre failure became a constant problem, and so RTL2 and RTL3 have not been built.
RTL1 has been withdrawn from service due to the schemes failure. Since then it has been dismantled, converting it back to a standard road vehicle. Its future is unknown and is currently stored at Dynon depot.
Steam shovels.
In the early 1900s the railways were beginning to invest in large infrastructure projects, which had been delayed considerably due to the 1890s depression. As a result, in 1907 and 1912 respectively, two steam shovels were built. There is no more information about the second shovel, but the first does have a detailed history.
Steam Shovel No.1 was used early in its life at the ballast pit at Mt. Ruse. During 1909 the shovel was constantly dismantled and moved to other locations, one example being Armadale, when the cutting was being constructed from South Yarra to Toorak during the quadruplication of the Caulfield line, to increase services to Frankston and Dandenong. Presumably the shovel was also used to dig out Camberwell station and parts of the Glen Waverley line. It is thought that this work was shared with shovels Ruston and Harmon owned by the construction branch.
During the shovel's use it was operated by a steam locomotive driver who was unfit for that work. The driver returned to other duties when the shovel was not required.
Testing vehicles.
Dynagraph Car.
This car had originally been built in 1858 as passenger car 69A. In 1880 it was fitted with Woods Hydraulic brake, then in 1889 this was swapped for a standard Westinghouse brake. In 1890 the car was marked for departmental use, and it is thought (from a note in the 1904 Diagrams book) that this meant it was to be used by Governors. In 1896 the car was converted to the Dynagraph.
The Dynagraph car was an early form of dynamometer car for testing tractive effort of locomotives. Peter Vincent has theorised that the car was introduced with the influence of Smith, the Chief Mechanical Engineer of the time who went to great efforts to standardise rolling stock equipment and saw the introduction of larger steam locomotives for the period.
The car was superseded by the larger Dynamometer Car of 1932. Correspondence in the mid 1940s shows that rail staff were keen to see the car kept for preservation; it was in storage at Newport Workshops at the time. Despite efforts of staff and a scrapping left to the decision of the Rail Commissioners as late as 1949, the car was scrapped in 1953. There was a rumour that, in true Railways fashion, the car 'caught fire' while waiting a scrap decision.
Dynamometer Car.
By the late 1920s both the Victorian and South Australian railways had built much larger, more modern engines than those intended to be tested by the 1896 Dynagraph Car. As a result, that car was replaced with a more modern Dynamometer car, which provided much the same facilities but presumably with equipment upgrades to withstand the tripled force generated by some of the SAR's new steam locomotives. The new car entered service in 1932.
Almost immediately, the Victorian system used the car to test the differences in rolling resistances between trains of four wheel wagons and the new bogie stock purchased and built in the late 1920s. Quite a lot of this rollingstock, for example the E open wagons, had cousins in the SAR system of a similar, if not identical design.
Tests were also run on the S Class passenger locomotives. Included in the tests were tractive effort trials with loaded freight trains between Wallan and Seymour.
Other miscellaneous tests included suburban trials between Tait trains and the new Harris trains to service in the mid 1950s.
From 1932 to the 1970s, over 900 tests were logged.
Some of the last runs in Victoria were used to test radio reception for the installation of "Train-to-Base" radio and Alternate Safe Working, a radio based safeworking system.
Peter Vincent notes that there is a rumour which says the body of this car was taken from a steam railcar which ran from 1913-1927. To date no evidence has surfaced, although the body does look quite similar to that of the Kerr Stuart steam railmotor. However, a note at the bottom of the diagram for the Dynamometer car says that it was built in Adelaide.
Unclassed wagons.
Workshops oil transfer wagon.
Within the Victorian Railways there were some wagons which stayed within workshop compounds, and so were never taken out onto the mainline. Usually these wagons were conversions from "scrapped" wagons, and for the most part were un-numbered. There was one wagon which was unlike any others, recorded as the "Workshops Oil Transfer" wagon. It seems to have been in regular 'mainline' use between Ballarat and Newport. By 1975 it was stored at the latter, and it may still be there today.
1925 gas truck.
In 1925 an underframe from a scrapped Y Class carriage was converted to hold some form of gas. There is very little information about its existence, but it is known that it had four wheels. It entered service in August 1925 and was scrapped in December 1937.
Pintsch gas Refuse.
In 1933, wagon WT7 was converted to a "Coal Fuel Tank". Sometime in the next six years the classification was altered to "Fuel Oil Truck;', still retaining the number 7. In 1939 it was converted for a third time, to the "Pintsch Gas Refuse". This was done to collect the residue from conversions of shale oil to pintsch oil, which was used for lamps. The wagon had a capacity of 2000 gallons (9000 litres). It vanished from records after 1939 and was probably scrapped in the mid 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="19741400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741400" title="Independent Conservative">
Independent Conservative

Independent Conservative is a description which has been used in the United Kingdom, Canada, and elsewhere, to denote a political Conservative who lacks a formal affiliation to the party of that name. 
In the United Kingdom.
As a description for use on the ballot paper, until 1999 anyone could stand at any British election as an Independent Conservative, but since the Registration of Political Parties Act 1998 came into force a candidate who is not officially certified by the British Conservative Party must either stand for another registered political party or as an Independent. However, the term is still used to designate a politician who has left the Conservative Party, so is independent of it, but who continues to identify as a Conservative. 
Lord Robert Cecil was an Independent Conservative between 1911 and 1923, after he won the 1911 by-election in Hitchin, Hertfordshire. At the 1945 general election, John Mackie and Daniel Lipson were both elected to the House of Commons as Independent Conservatives.
Lord Stevens of Ludgate sat in the House of Lords as an Independent Conservative between 2004 and 2012.
In the 2005–10 Parliament, there was one Member of Parliament who used the description. Derek Conway was elected as a Conservative but later had the whip withdrawn.
Nadine Dorries was the most recent Member of the House of Commons so designated. She was suspended from her party after starting to take part in the television competition I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! She has since retaken the Conservative whip.
In Canada.
Independent Conservative members of parliament have also sat in the Canadian House of Commons, with a similar designation. In the 19th century, prior to the solidification of the party system, it was common in Canada for Independent Conservative and Independent Liberal members to be elected, sometimes defeating official Conservative or Liberal candidates. Joseph Sasseville Roy was elected as an Independent Conservative at the 1940 federal election. He had declined to run as an official Conservative, due to his disagreement with the party's policy on conscription, which was unpopular in Quebec. Henri Courtemanche was elected as an "Independent Progressive Conservative" in Labelle in 1957 and subsequently rejoined the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. Maurice Allard was elected to the Commons as an "Independent Progressive Conservative" in Sherbrooke at the 1965 federal election, defeating the official Progressive Conservative candidate. A former Progressive Conservative politician, Allard had quit the party in 1963 due to his opposition to its leader, John George Diefenbaker. Since then, it has been more usual for Independent Conservatives at the national level to be Conservatives who have voluntarily resigned the party whip or who have been expelled from the party. Most recently, Bill Casey sat in the House of Commons as an "Independent Progressive Conservative" after he was expelled from the Conservative Party of Canada caucus for stating that the Conservative government's 2007 budget had violated the Atlantic Accord. Casey was re-elected at the federal election of 2008 with almost 70 per cent of the vote. Patrick Brazeau is a current Independent Conservative Senator, but he has been expelled from sitting in the Senate due his arrest for assault.

</doc>
<doc id="19741404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741404" title="Ishan Malhotra">
Ishan Malhotra

Ishan Malhotra (born 22 May 1984 in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir) is an Indian cricketer who played for the Chandigarh Lions in the Indian Cricket League (ICL) having previously represented Punjab cricket team. He is a bowling all-rounder, who bats right-handed and 
played for Punjab between 2001 and 2007 before switching to the ICL. In that period he played nine first-class matches for his state scoring 224 runs and taking 33 wickets. He played 10 List A matches for his state and took four wickets and in four Twenty20 matches he took two wickets. He made his first-class debut against Assam and took figures of 7/59 (seven wickets and conceding 59 runs). He was picked by Deccan Chargers in the IPL.
References.
More information about Ishan Malhotra

</doc>
<doc id="19741410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741410" title="Confederate Memorial Park">
Confederate Memorial Park

Confederate Memorial Park can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19741448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741448" title="Pantapin, Western Australia">
Pantapin, Western Australia

Pantapin in a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The town originated as a railway siding that was planned in 1912 as part of the Quairading to Bruce Rock line.
The town was initially named Ulakain, after a nearby well, and was gazetted under that name in 1914.
The name proved problematic and was changed in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19741459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741459" title="Red Flag 77">
Red Flag 77

Red Flag 77 are a punk rock band from Ipswich, England that formed in 1990. The band recorded their first album, "Punk not Dread", after playing just three gigs. Since then, they have released many 7" singles and three albums - "A Shortcut To a Better World" (Beer City Records) "Stop The World" and "Rotten Inside" (Captain Oi! Records). They are influenced by 1970s punk bands such as Sex Pistols, Ramones, The Clash and The Rezillos.

</doc>
<doc id="19741507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741507" title="Encyclopedia of Popular Music">
Encyclopedia of Popular Music

The Encyclopedia of Popular Music was created in 1989 by Colin Larkin. It is the 'modern man's' equivalent of the "Grove Dictionary of Music" which Larkin describes in less than flattering terms.
History of the encyclopedia.
Larkin believed that rock music and popular music, were at least as significant historically as classical music, and as such, should be given 'definitive' treatment and properly documented. "The Encyclopedia of Popular Music" is the result.
In 1989 Larkin sold his half of the publishing company Scorpion Books to finance his ambition to publish an Encyclopedia of Popular music. Aided by a team of initially 70 contributors, he set about compiling the data in a 'pre-internet' age, "relying instead on information gleaned from music magazines, individual expertise and a hideous amount of legwork". The new company he financed and founded to publish the encyclopedia, was called "Square One Books". The first edition of the encyclopedia "pushed Larkin to the brink of bankruptcy". It was a 'four volume set' and went into print in 1992. 
There have been three further editions of the multi volume encyclopedia and dozens of single volume spin offs of five concise versions of the main encyclopedia, including 4 editions of Jazz. 
In 1995 Microsoft licensed the text for their CD-ROM, Microsoft Music Central, which sold 497,000 copies.
In 1997 Larkin's company, along with the Encyclopedia, was sold to the data company Muze Inc. (the UK name was changed to Muze UK), because Larkin wanted "to guarantee its future" in the fast changing world of information and communications technology. He became full-time editor-in-chief' on the project, running a surprisingly small scale "cottage industry":
"There are now fewer than 10 contributors on the team... "People don't believe it's done on such a small scale, but in terms of words we are producing an Agatha Christie novel a month"..."
Status.
"The Encyclopedia of Popular Music", is the most authoritative source on rock, pop and jazz artists ever written. It covers popular music from the early 1900s to the present day, including folk, blues, R&B, jazz, rock, heavy metal, reggae, electronic music and hip-hop. 
"Each biography contains a thorough synopsis of the performer and their body of work, following their career from beginning to end. The 4th Edition is 10,000 pages long in 10 separate volumes with over 8 million words and 27,000 entries. The nature of popular music and jazz is such that it is ever changing, evolving and growing and therefore needs a new edition much more frequently than more static subjects."
Guinness Publishing, Virgin Publishing and Omnibus Press have produced the spin-offs on each subject and Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums is produced as a companion volume. The large single volume of the Concise edition of "The Encyclopedia of Popular Music" is now in its 5th edition. 
The total sales of the EPM series since 1992 is over 650,000 copies.
In May 2011 Omnibus Press released the Amazon Kindle edition of the Encyclopedia Of Popular Music. The text for this edition has not been updated and the Kindle edition has the same content as the 2007 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19741578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741578" title="1858 in India">
1858 in India

Events in the year 1858 in India.
Events.
Continuation of the Indian Rebellion of 1857:

</doc>
<doc id="19741583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741583" title="Austrian Mint">
Austrian Mint

The Austrian Mint () is located in Vienna and is responsible for minting Austrian coins. Since 1989 it has been a public limited company ("Aktiengesellschaft") and a subsidiary of the National Bank of Austria, which also has its headquarters in Vienna.
The Austrian Mint carries out both the design and stamping of the coins it produces. Until 2002 it was only responsible for minting the coins of the Austrian schilling; since then it has been responsible for producing the Austrian euro coins. The mint also produces other coins, such as gold bullion coins, as well as commemorative issues: the Vienna Philharmonic Coins and the Maria Theresa thaler are produced by the Austrian mint, for example. The mint also supplies circulation coins and blanks to many other countries across the world.
History.
In 1194, Duke Leopold VI of Austria was paid 15 tonnes of silver by Richard the Lionheart. On his way back from the crusades Richard had been captured and imprisoned by the Duke in retaliation for a previous insult; he paid the bounty to secure his release from prison. Leopold decided to strike coins from the silver, marking the beginning of the history of minting in Vienna (though the Vienna Mint was not actually mentioned in historical documents for another 200 years).
The mint was originally located near the Hoher Markt, then relocated to the Wollzeile. Subsequently, it was housed in Prince Eugene’s winter palace in Himmelpfortgasse, before finally moving to its present home at Heumarkt, central Vienna, in the 19th century.
Though other mints were established across Austria in the past, the Vienna Principal Mint became the sole mint when the Republic of Austria was formed in 1919. The mint changed its name to "Münze Österreich" ("Austrian Mint") when it became a subsidiary of the National Bank of Austria in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19741612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741612" title="French submarine Gymnote (S655)">
French submarine Gymnote (S655)

"Gymnote" (S655) was an experimental submarine of the French Navy. She was a trials submarine for Submarine-launched ballistic missiles and powered by diesel electric engines. She is named in honour of the "Gymnote", the world's first all-electric submarine built in France in the late 19th century.
The French planned a nuclear propelled submarine in the late 1950s and laid down a hull (no Q244). Because France had not developed uranium enrichment facilities at the time, the planned power plant was to be a heavy water reactor, which could utilize natural uranium. But French engineers were unable to produce a reactor small enough to fit into the submarine, which led to the project being canceled in 1959.
In the early 1960s the French government decided to develop an independent nuclear deterrent based on SLBM's. Hull Q244 was redesigned as a trials submarine with four missile tubes in an extended casing. The "Gymnote" was commissioned in 1966 and fired the first M-1 Missile in 1968. The M-1 Missile was subsequently deployed aboard the "Redoutable" class submarines. She was extensively rebuilt in 1977-79 to enable trials of the new M-4 Missile. The "Gymnote" was decommissioned in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19741629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741629" title="Tur kaut kam ir jābūt">
Tur kaut kam ir jābūt

Tur kaut kam ir jābūt is an album from the Latvian band Brainstorm. It is Brainstorm's sixteenth album in the Latvian language. "Tur kaut kam ir jābūt" is Latvian for "There has to be something". The Latvian version of the album contains thirteen songs. Two singles from the album, "Tur kaut kam ir jābūt" and "Ja tikai uz mani tu paskatītos", became very popular in Latvia. The album was produced by Latvian rapper/producer Gustavo. "Tur kaut kam ir jābūt" is the first Brainstorm album that features a rapper.

</doc>
<doc id="19741641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741641" title="Timeline of Icelandic history">
Timeline of Icelandic history

__NOTOC__
This is a timeline of Icelandic history, comprising important legal and territorial changes and political events in Iceland and its predecessor states. To read about the background to these events, see history of Iceland.
Centuries: 9th10th11th12th13th14th15th16th17th18th19th20th21st

</doc>
<doc id="19741642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741642" title="1860 in India">
1860 in India

Events in the year 1860 in India.

</doc>
<doc id="19741645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741645" title="Kleptomaniax">
Kleptomaniax

Kleptomaniax is a pop group from Nairobi, Kenya. The group consists of three members: Roba (Robert Manyasa), Collo (Collins Majale) and Nyashinski (Nyamari Ongegu). 
Kleptomaniax were formed in 1999, when they were still high school students at the Nairobi School. The group joined the Ogopa DJ's label and released their first single, "Freak It" in 2002 and was followed by "Maniax Anthem" and "Haree." In 2004 the group released another single "Tuendelee", which became their biggest hit so far. The song was written as a response for the "Diss track" by various hip hop musician (including Bamboo), who criticised the commercial Kapuka music style performed by Kleptomaniax among others.
Their debut album "M4E" (an abbreviation for "Maniax Forever") was released in 2005. Later that year the group received a MTV Europe Music Awards nomination for the Best African Act, a category awarded for the first time, but won by Nigerian recording artist 2Face Idibia. In 2007 Kleptomaniax toured the USA. 
After 2007 the group had a break while their members engaged in solo projects. The group has since made comeback, but have left Ogopa DJ's. The group released their second album "NITT" (Now Is The Time) in 2009. The group was believed to have disbanded after the release of their second album to pursue solo careers.

</doc>
<doc id="19741658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741658" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Georgia">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Georgia

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Republic of Georgia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Georgia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Tbilisi.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom renewed diplomatic relations with Georgia and the then British ambassador to Russia, Sir Brian Fall, was also accredited to Georgia until the new embassy in Tbilisi was opened in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19741682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741682" title="Ben Major">
Ben Major

Biography.
Major was selected as expedition leader for the BBC Serious Arctic adventure in January 2004 and went on to set up and lead both the Serious Amazon and Serious Andes expeditions in 2005 and 2006 and Serious Ocean 
He comes from a military background having served with the British Army for 9 years. He is an experienced sailor, competing in two Fastnet races, and organising several round-the-world yacht races.
He is also an accomplished climber having climbed extensively in the world's great mountain ranges including ascents of Nanga Parbat, at 8125m the world's sixth highest mountain, Rakaposhi (7788m) in the Western Himalaya, Mt Elbrus in The Caucasus and The Matterhorn in The Alps.
Having left the Services, Ben was also based in Uganda where he was responsible for training game wardens in anti-poaching tactics and leading patrols against professional poaching units.
More recently he worked with Trekforce delivering jungle conservation projects in Borneo, Belize, Guatemala and Venezuela. He has also provided travel and security advice in hostile environments such as Iraq, Jordan, Oman and Darfur.
He has led over 25 expeditions worldwide in differing environments including countries as diverse as: Guyana, Norway, Indonesia, Yemen, Canada, Chad and Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19741690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741690" title="Philamlife Tower">
Philamlife Tower

The Philamlife Tower is an office skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines. It is owned and developed by Philam Properties Corporation, the real estate arm of the Philippine American Life and General Insurance Company (Philamlife). Standing at 200 metres (656 feet), it is currently the 7th-tallest building in Makati City, and is the 14th-tallest building in the country and Metro Manila as well. The building has 48 floors above ground, and 5 basement levels for parking.
Location.
The building is located inside the Makati Central Business District along Paseo de Roxas Avenue in Makati City, just a few meters away from its intersection with Ayala Avenue. The site, directly across from the Ayala Triangle, offers a superb opportunity to take advantage of views of Metro Manila. It is a walk away from most of Makati's other major office buildings including the current tallest building in the country, the PBCom Tower, and entertainment centers like Glorietta, Greenbelt and Ayala Center.
Design.
The Philamlife Tower was designed by local architecture firm W.V. Coscolluela & Associates, which have renowned international architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP as its conceptual design consultant. Project and construction management works was provided by American firm Turner International and local company Jose Aliling & Associates, while construction of the building was made by the general contractor company EEI Corporation.
It was conceived and designed as a world-class intelligent office building, whose architectural elements were generated by the cultural and climatic context of The Philippines and Manila's position in a global economy 
The 48-storey office building boasts of large column-free floor plates, and uses fully unitized curtainwall of glass, aluminium panel and granite. The tower proper is incorporated into the system horizontal sunscreens, vertical fins, light bullnoses, crown lighting and balcony trellises. Shallow and deep-set cladding was used extensively on the building envelope. The entrance facades employed mirror stainless steel shopfronts, capped with functional sculpted canopies in hairline finish. This makes Philamlife Tower a benchmark in exterior wall design and function.
Amenities.
Among its many features include: 100% raised flooring, a state-of-the-art feature that provides space beneath the floor for cabling and wiring, advanced structured cabling systems, automatic parking sensor system, double paned curtain wall, fully integrated building management and proximity card access system, provision for 24 -hour air conditioning, 16 high speed elevators, and a helipad. It also has eight corner offices per floor to a private club facility, as well as, a cafeteria for tenants.
The Philamlife building incorporates 60,000 m2 of prime leasable office space, an exclusive private club facility, two major banking halls and required support services.
It also has The Tower Club, a private business club for elite corporate executives at the 33rd and 34th floor. The Club has an executive boardroom, six function or private dining rooms, two world class restaurants and a bar of international standards, all of which are perfect for either business or relaxation. The Club also houses a fitness center and spa to allow members to enjoy a moment of tranquility amidst the stresses of the day.

</doc>
<doc id="19741695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741695" title="Proto-Indo-European particles">
Proto-Indo-European particles

The particles of the Proto-Indo-European language (PIE) have been reconstructed by modern linguists based on similarities found across all Indo-European languages. The following article lists and discusses their hypothesized forms.
Adverbs.
Adverbs used as adpositions.
Many particles could be used both as adverbs and postpositions. This is similar to modern languages; compare English "He is above in the attic" (adverb) and "The bird is above the house" (preposition). The postpositions became prepositions in the daughter languages except Anatolian, Germanic, Indo-Iranian and Sabellic; Latin and Greek preserve postpositions vestigially.
Reflexes, or descendants of the PIE reconstructed forms in its daughter languages, include the following.
Untranslated reflexes have the same meaning as the PIE word.
In the following languages, two reflexes separated by a slash mean:
Negators.
Two negators can be reconstructed, and , the latter only used for negative commands. The so-called privative prefix is likely the zero grade of .
Adverbs derived from adjectives.
Adverbs derived from adjectives (like English "bold-ly", "beautiful-ly") arguably cannot be classified as particles. In Proto-Indo-European, these are simply case forms of adjectives and thus better classified as nouns. An example is "greatly", a nominative-accusative singular.
Conjunctions.
The following conjunctions can be reconstructed:
†Placed after the joined word, as in Latin ("Senate and people of Rome"), joining and .
Interjections.
There is only one PIE interjection which can be securely reconstructed, the second is tentative:

</doc>
<doc id="19741698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741698" title="Takaoka Freight Terminal">
Takaoka Freight Terminal


</doc>
<doc id="19741732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741732" title="Robert Sirico">
Robert Sirico

Robert A. Sirico (born 23 June 1951) is an American Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty. He is a political and cultural commentator.
Biography.
Sirico was raised in a Catholic family in Brooklyn, New York (his elder brother is actor Tony Sirico), but by his early teenage years he had left the Church. He received an associate's degree from Los Angeles City College, studied at St. Mary's University College, London, and received a bachelor's degree in English from the University of Southern California. While in Washington and California, during the early 1970s, he served as a Pentecostal preacher, and was a minister for the Metropolitan Community Church. Sirico promoted left-wing politics but after a time he began to realize he did not agree with the principles of socialism.
A deeper study of the human person led to his return to the Catholic Church in 1977, and later the writings of St. Augustine and the biography of Blessed John Henry Newman moved him to consider the priesthood. He received an M.Div. from The Catholic University of America in 1987 and was ordained a Paulist priest in 1989. He was assigned to the Catholic Information Center in Grand Rapids, Michigan and soon thereafter founded the Acton Institute.
Acton Institute.
In 1990, in response to what he saw as an insufficient understanding of economics by religious leaders and the religious isolation of business leaders, Sirico founded the Acton Institute in Grand Rapids. With the motto "connecting good intentions with sound economics," the institute provides a vision of free market economics within a Judeo-Christian moral framework. In Sirico's words:
Shorty after the institute's founding Pope John Paul II published his encyclical Centesimus Annus; some, such as Greg Burke, claim that John Paul II gave support to Sirico's economic and moral vision by taking what Sirico calls a "preferential option for liberty," and asserting that economic freedom is essential for a moral society, and makes aid for the poor more effective.
Public Life.
Political & Social Commentary.
Sirico's writings have appeared in "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", the "Financial Times", "Forbes", "National Review", "The Washington Times", "First Things", the "National Catholic Register," the "National Catholic Reporter," "Crisis" magazine, and the "Journal of Markets & Morality". In his writing, he addresses such topics as the ethics of political and social freedom and the history of civil rights, international trade and finance, business ethics, and bioethics.
Sirico lectures around the world on economics and morality—in North and South America, Central and Eastern Europe, and elsewhere. He is also a frequent radio and television guest.
In November 2009, Sirico signed the "," an ecumenical statement issued by Christian leaders in defense of the sanctity of life, traditional marriage, and religious liberty.
Appointments and Honors.
In 1990, Sirico was inducted into the Mont Pelerin Society. He served on the Michigan Civil Rights Commission from 1994 to 1998. The Franciscan University of Steubenville awarded Sirico an honorary doctoral degree in Christian Ethics in 1999. The Universidad Francisco Marroquín in 2001 granted him an honorary doctorate in social sciences. He is a member of the American Academy of Religion.
He also serves on the board of advisers for the Committee for a Constructive Tomorrow and the Civic Institute in Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="19741763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741763" title="Ebba Amfeldt">
Ebba Amfeldt

Ebba Amfeldt (21 December 1906 – 1 June 1974) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 29 films between 1946 and 1973. She was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19741771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741771" title="Jon Vincent">
Jon Vincent

Jon Vincent (a.k.a. Dave Phillips, John St. Vincent), real name: Jeffrey James Vickers (12 December 1962 - 3 May 2000) was an American pornographic actor who appeared in gay and bisexual pornography. Though he performed in fewer than 40 films, he is considered a porn legend.
Background.
Vincent was known for his muscular body and hyper-masculine demeanor. He was also known for talking dirty and for saying harsh and degrading things to the men with whom he had sex in his films. "He was frequently rough with his co-stars, and was even known to put his fist through a wall during an argument with a director." He identified as bisexual and appeared also in several bisexual porn films.
He co-authored his autobiography "Thousand and One Night Stands". He was raised in Louisiana. He wanted to be a professional baseball player, and signed with the Kansas City Royals when he was only 20, but either he was fired when involved in a conspiracy to sell cocaine or an injury ended that pursuit. At one point, he dated another late gay porn star Joey Stefano. Though he only mentions having sex with whites and Latinos in his autobiography, in the autobiography of British gay porn star Blue Blake, Blake stated that Vincent had a preference for African-American men in real life.
"Vincent was a thrill junkie: a compulsive seeker of sexual adventure, physical danger, steroids, alcohol, cocaine and finally heroin. Heroin was stronger than he was; it took over his life and finally killed him." He had been a severe drug addict for decades. He died of a heroin overdose in New York City. He is interred with his father in a family crypt in Baton Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="19741780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741780" title="C. Jayan Babu">
C. Jayan Babu

C. Jayan Babu is a politician from Kerala, India, belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He is CPI(M) Thiruvananthapuram district committee member. The Malappuram party conference elected him to party state control commission. 
In 2005 he became the 42nd mayor of the state capital Thiruvananthapuram. He represents the Pappanamcode ward in the City Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19741782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741782" title="Vistas">
Vistas

Vistas may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741807" title="Amon Amarth discography">
Amon Amarth discography

This is the discography page for Swedish heavy metal band Amon Amarth.
Demos.
"Demo 1" is a demo self-released in 1991. It is extremely rare and only a few copies exist. The demo was released under the band's first name, Scum, as a grindcore band.
"Thor Arise" is a demo recorded in 1993. The album was never initially released due to its low production standards. The album features "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath", a cover of the Black Sabbath song. The song "Thor Arise" was re-recorded as a bonus track on the Digipak version of "The Avenger". "Risen from the Sea" was re-recorded on "The Crusher". The entire album was re-released with the "Viking Edition" of "Versus the World".
"The Arrival of the Fimbul Winter" is a demo self-released in 1994. Its original release was limited and consisted of 1000 copies. The demo was released on three different colour tapes with different styles. The "labels" for the demo are not professionally made, and were created by the band for the release of the demo.

</doc>
<doc id="19741812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741812" title="My Turn (Hoobastank song)">
My Turn (Hoobastank song)

"My Turn" is the first single from Hoobastank's album "For(N)ever", released on January 27, 2009. It can be heard on the band's official website.
Many of Hoobastank's live shows would include the song on their setlist.
The song was featured as the theme song for the TNA Destination X 2009 PPV.
It was also played during ESPN coverage of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Music video.
Doug Robb stated in the blog on Myspace that the official music video for "My Turn" has been completed. 
We recently shot the video for the song My Turn with director Paul Brown. Unlike any video we had shot before, and this will be our 12th video, this one is specifically designed to be viewed online instead of only on TV... We then got dressed up in costumes. Football players, cheerleaders, classic "Hoobustank" basketball uniforms, not so "super" heroes, women's clothing, moto gear, wetsuits, whatever we could find. We wore it all and performed in it all...So you might be wondering why we'd have so many people performing the same song. I can sum it up in one word, OPTIONS. When the video goes online you'll have the option to create any version of the video
Best,
Doug Robb

</doc>
<doc id="19741817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741817" title="Mother's Cookies">
Mother's Cookies

Mother's Cookies is a brand that originally had a bakery based in Oakland, California, that operated from 1914 to 2008. A sister company, Archway Cookies of Battle Creek, Michigan, was founded in 1936. Both Mother's Cookies and Archway declared bankruptcy in 2008. At its height, the company distributed cookies throughout the United States, and was one of the leading cookie makers in the country. The Kellogg Company acquired the Mother's Cookies trademark and recipes in December 2008 and brought the brand back to West Coast grocery store shelves on May 14, 2009.
History.
's was founded in 1914 when Woodrow Wilson declared that Mother's Day would be a national holiday in the USA. The founder was N.M. Wheatley, a newspaper vendor. The company was sold to Artal NV, a Belgian company, then bought by Specialty Foods Corp., a conglomerate formed by the Bass Brothers.
Archway was founded in 1936 by the Swansons, a husband-and-wife team who baked soft-batch cookies in their garage. The Swansons expanded their company nationwide in the 1940s, changing its name to Archway to avoid conflict with Swanson, a maker of frozen dinners. In 1962 the founders sold the company to their vice president, George Markham, who bought most of the franchises back over the next several years. Markham in turn sold the company to two employees, who operated it from 1983 to 1998. The company was sold to Specialty Foods in 1998, reportedly for $100 million. The transaction made Specialty Foods the third largest cookie maker in the United States after Keebler and Nabisco.
The two companies then went through a succession of owners. Specialty Foods sold Mother's and Archway to an Italian firm, Parmalat Finanziaria in 2000 for $250 million. As of 2002 Mother's was baking 17.5 million cookies per day. Cookie sales began to decline after 2000 due to low-fat and low carb diet trends, although sales improved when the company introduced low fat cookies, and accounted for 10% of the United States cookie market as of late 2004. Parmalat filed for bankruptcy amidst a scandal involving illegal sale of corporate bonds. Parmalat in turn sold the companies to Catterton Partners, a private equity firm in Greenwich, Connecticut, in 2005, The new operators closed the Oakland factory in 2006, laid off all 230 workers, and moved baking operations to Ohio and Canada. The company suffered an accounting scandal in 2008
and in October 2008, the company became a victim of the financial crisis of 2007–2010 when the company filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy and laid off all of its workers.
Brand and product returns.
In December, 2008, Lance Inc. bought the assets of Archway, and soon reopened the former Archway factory in Ashland, Ohio. Also, the same month Kelloggs was approved to buy the assets of Mother's Cookies with plans to return the products to the shelves in mid-2009. In May 2009, Mother's Cookies returned to store shelves, including Kellogg's launch of a website for the product.
Products.
Mother's is known for pink and white iced "Circus Animal Cookies", "Taffy Sandwich Cookies", "Peanut Butter Gauchos", and iced oatmeal raisin cookies. Archway's most popular product was Ruth's Oatmeal Cookies, based on a recipe found by one of its franchisees at a county fair, which made up 40% of all sales.
Promotions.
The company included collectable baseball cards in their packs of cookies, featuring the Pacific Coast League.

</doc>
<doc id="19741818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741818" title="List of Nepalese actors">
List of Nepalese actors

This is a list of Nepali actors.

</doc>
<doc id="19741819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741819" title="Big Shug">
Big Shug

Big Shug (born Cary Guy) is a hip hop and actor artist from Boston, Massachusetts, and a member of the Gang Starr Foundation collective.
Biography.
Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Cary spent much of his early life in Boston's Mattapan area (known locally as "Murdapan"). Growing up, he forged a friendship with future Gang Starr MC, Guru. The two were separated when Shug was imprisoned and Guru moved to New York, forming Gang Starr with DJ Premier.
On his release, Shug again hooked up with Guru, joined the Gang Starr Foundation, and contributed to each of Gang Starr's albums, beginning with "Hard to Earn" in 1994 (on "F.A.L.A."). He also appeared on DJ Krush's "Meiso" in 1995 as well as "The Militia" from 1998's "Moment of Truth", and contributed to Guru's "Jazzmatazz" albums.
During the 1990s, Shug recorded a few 12-inch singles produced by DJ Premier for Payday and Chrysalis, but his first proper solo album, "Who's Hard" was not released until 2005 and half of the songs were handled by DJ Premier.
He signed to New York's Babygrande in 2007, and released his second album, "Streetchamp". The album was produced by MoSS and DJ Premier and features guest appearances from DJ Premier and Sean Price.
A third solo album, "Otherside of the Game", was released in November 2008, and features DJ Premier, Bumpy Knuckles, Billy Danze of M.O.P., Termanology, Blaq Poet, and Singapore Kane. He performed at the 2009 Boston hemp fest.
He is featured on the single "Tap Out", which appears on M-Dot & DJ Jean Maron's 2010 album Run MPC. The video of "tap out" was directed by Steven TAPIA. In 2010 he also collaborated with (artist) Aztech and (producer) Reel Drama on their album Hybrid Genetics. In 2010 he collaborated with west coast hip hop artist Spinz on a song called "Round Tha World" that was recorded while touring Europe. In 2012 he worked again with Dj Jean Maron for the release of the official remix of "Heavy" a posse cut with M-Dot,Benefit & B.A.M (M.O.P/Lil Fame's cousin).
In 2013 Guy appeared in two movies. In the HBO movie "Clear History," he was door security for the band Chicago. In "The Heat," starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, he was "Tough Guy #2." He also appeared in the Boston-based movie "The Town."
He currently resides in Braintree, Massachusetts.
Personal life.
In the late 90s and early 2000s Guy was a volunteer coach for his son's Pop Warner football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19741825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741825" title="Locomotive winch">
Locomotive winch

A locomotive winch is a technical device for moving stabled railway locomotives.
These could be broken down diesel or electric locomotives, but also 'cold' steam locomotives that have been stabled or stored in a locomotive shed. It was particularly important in the case of the latter category because the firing up of a steam locomotive from cold took several hours. As a result, in Germany, locomotive winches could be found in almost all steam locomotive sheds ("Bahnbetriebswerk"). They were usually electrically operated. Using pulleys, they could be used to pull locomotives on tracks other than the one on which they were installed.

</doc>
<doc id="19741832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741832" title="Lex Cincia">
Lex Cincia

Lex Cincia (The Law of the tribune Marcus Cincius Alimentus) was a plebiscite (law passed by the Plebeian Council) passed in 204 BC, and was intended to reform the legal system of the Roman Republic. One provision of this law forbade lawyers from being compensated after pleading a case. By the time of the first Roman Emperor, Augustus, this law was confirmed by a decree of the Roman Senate ("senatus consultum") and a penalty of four times the sum received was imposed on the lawyer. This was a part of Augustus' attempt to restore the ancient virtues of the republic. By the time of the emperor Claudius, this law had been modified to allow the lawyer to receive a payment of up to ten thousand sesterces. If he took any sum beyond that, he was liable to be prosecuted. By the time of the emperor Trajan, lawyers were not allowed to be paid until their work was done. 
The restrictions on compensation for pleading a case typically concerned the early stages of the case, although some provisions applied beyond these early stages. Some provisions applied to gifts in general. Small gifts could be given freely, but large gifts required certain formalities. One common formality was known as "In Jure Cessio", which was an ancient legal doctrine, dating back to the Twelve Tables of 450 BC. In this process, the lawyer would claim the right to the gift in the presence of a Roman Magistrate and the person making the gift. The magistrate would ask the owner for a defense, the owner would not claim one, and the gift would be transferred to the lawyer. This was intended to prevent foolish and hasty gifts of a large amount, and also to prevent fraud. These same provisions applied equally to relatives. The emperor Antoninus Pius introduced an exception in favor of parents and children, and also of other close relatives, although this exception appears to have been subsequently abolished, and then restored by the emperor Constantine in 319. 

</doc>
<doc id="19741840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741840" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Latvia">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Latvia

The Ambassador from the United Kingdom to Latvia is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Latvia, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Riga.
Heads of Mission.
Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary.
From 1921 to 1940, British Ministers were accredited to Estonia and Lithuania as well as Latvia; they were based in Riga.
"No representation 1940–91. Latvia was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1940, and regained its independence in 1991."

</doc>
<doc id="19741841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741841" title="1999 Majorca Open">
1999 Majorca Open

The 1999 Majorca Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Majorca, Spain. The tournament was held from September 13 to September 20.

</doc>
<doc id="19741854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741854" title="Jacques Mauclair">
Jacques Mauclair

Jacques Mauclair (12 January 1919 – 21 December 2001) was a French film actor. He appeared in 30 films between 1950 and 2000.
He was born in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19741856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741856" title="Archway Cookies">
Archway Cookies

Archway Cookies is an American cookie manufacturer, founded in 1936 in Battle Creek, Michigan. Since December 2008, it has been a subsidiary of Lance Inc., a snack-food company, whom in turn merged with Snyder's of Hanover to form Snyder's-Lance. Archway is best known for its variations of oatmeal cookies.
History.
Swanson Home Style Cookies.
In 1936, Harold and Ruth Swanson began baking soft oatmeal cookies and doughnuts out of their home's garage in Battle Creek. By the late 1940s, they had discontinued baking donuts and just concentrated on cookies. They had fifteen different varieties of cookies by 1949. In the 1950s they licensed their cookie recipes and begin selling baking franchises in Indiana, Wisconsin, and Canada. 
Change of name to Archway Cookies and expansion.
In 1954, Swanson, a maker of frozen dinners, sued Swanson cookies for name infringement. As part of a settlement, the Swansons agreed to change the name of their bakery company to Archway Cookies. The name 'Archway' was chosen by Harold and Ruth because the original Swanson cookie labels featured an arch above the name ... and the same arch design was retained on the first generation Archway cookie label designs. 
Throughout the 1950s, Archway continued to grow and sell more franchises. At the height of its franchise expansion, Archway Cookies were being manufactured nationally by thirty-three separate bakeries, whose territories were generally drawn along state boundaries. 
Archway's flagship varieties were Oatmeal, Date-Filled Oatmeal, Frosty Lemon, Molasses and Pecan Ice Box, with Oatmeal varieties accounting for thirty percent of product sales. The company emphasized its home-made and freshness approach to baking cookies, and often used the term 'Archway Homestyle Cookies'. Most varieties were packaged in two stacks of six large cookies, and wrapped in clear cellophane with a freshness code printed on the front label. Many varieties, such as Ruth's Golden Oatmeal, were 'state fair winning' recipes, selected from among entries of company-sponsored baking competitions. Archway's product line quickly expanded to several dozen varieties, including many classic and unique selections; Peanut Jumble, Rocky Road, Mississippi Mud Cake, Fudge Nut Bar, German Chocolate, Black Walnut Ice Box, Date Nut Bar, Iced Spice, New Orleans Cake, Pineapple Filled, Sour Cream, Soft Sugar, and Cookie Jar Hermit.
Development of the National Brand.
In 1962, Archway was sold to bakery employee (and Swanson son-in-law) George Markham, who bought back several of the franchises over the next two years, rolling the production into two corporate cookie-manufacturing plants in Ohio and Iowa. This marked the beginning of the development of Archway Cookies as a cohesive national brand as well as a period of rapid growth for the company.
In 1983, Markham sold Archway Cookies, Incorporated to Thomas F. Olin (vice president - Ohio bakery operations) and Eugene McKay (vice president - corporate office), with Olin taking the position of Chairman of the Board and McKay named as President.Going forward, one of the primary goals of the parent company (Archway Cookies, Inc.) was to establish a more consistent national brand, in order to meet the merchandising, pricing, and promotional requirements of newly-emerging national retail grocery chains. This was achieved, in part, by gaining tighter control of product and pricing. Cooperative marketing agreements were made with a handful of franchises while others were purchased and rolled into the national corporate structure. These changes enabled Archway to participate in national retail promotions and gain stronger shelf position with emerging super-store grocery operators, such as Walmart and Target. In addition, Archway Cookies, Inc. began to implement national marketing positioning strategies with the development of television, radio, and print campaigns ... such as 'Big Cookie Time', 'The Good Food Cookie', and 'Cookies For Kids' (charity fund-raiser for Children's Miracle Network hospitals). 
Another factor in Archway's accelerated sales growth was the popularity of the Archway Holiday Cookie line, that eventually expanded to more than twenty-three varieties, including Nutty Nougat, Pfeffernusse, Almond Crescents, Coconut Macaroons, Wedding Cake, and Bells, Trees and Stars. By the late 1980s, Archway had become the largest manufacturer of holiday cookies in the world. Retail stores would often feature huge promotional Archway 'Cookie House' displays, built with hundreds, sometimes thousands, of packages of holiday cookies. By the early 1990s, holiday cookies represented more than ten percent of total brand cookie sales. 
Product Developments - 'The Good Food Cookie'.
Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, Archway began to take advantage of the 'healthful' nature of their cookies, focusing on natural ingredients, no preservatives, and no saturated fat. A strategic key to this was that Archway delivered its product using DSD (Direct Store Delivery) distributors, and was able to manage the product on the shelf more effectively than warehoused cookies. Most Archway varieties had shelf-lives of six to eight weeks, enabling the cookies to stay soft and fresh. Archway Cookies, Incorporated developed a marketing theme, trademarking the phrase 'The Good Food Cookie', to exploit these competitive advantages with consumers and the retail trade. Commensurate with the development of low and non-fat ingredient technologies, Archway introduced a very successful 'fat-free' line of cookies, as well as gingersnaps. As a result, Archway Cookies had become a favorite of health-conscious cookie-eaters across the country, driving low-fat and fat-free sales increases of more than 170 percent in 1994.
In 1995, as a result of effective strategic branding and product development, Archway Cookies became the third-largest cookie brand in the United States, ranking behind Nabisco and Keebler. By the late 1990s, Archway brand sales were exceeding 125,000,000 packages per year.
Changes in ownership - Specialty Foods Corporation / Parmalat / Catterton Partners.
On October 30, 1996, Archway Chairman Thomas Olin passed away suddenly, eventually precipitating the sale of Archway Cookies, Incorporated in 1998 to Specialty Foods Corporation for US$100+ million. This purchase by SFC occurred in conjunction with its purchase of the Mother's Cookies brand, and continued an ongoing trend of consolidation within the industry.
In 2000, Specialty sold the Mother's and Archway brands to Parmalat Finanziaria, a division of Parmalat, for a reported US$250 million. In 2005, Parmalat (plagued by scandals unrelated to Archway) sold — for an undisclosed amount — what was by then called Archway & Mother's Cookie Co. to Catterton Partners, a private-equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and growth capital investments in middle-market companies. Catterton, in turn, hired Insight Holdings to manage the company, but three Catterton executives were appointed to Archway's board of directors. Former Archway employees claim that Insight largely managed the company through telephone and videoconference calls. Archway had a bank line of credit from Wachovia, a financial-services company, that was dependent on certain financial targets being met. In order to meet these targets and to obtain cash from Wachovia, Archway engaged in an alleged fraud. Specifically, it allegedly began to report bogus sales numbers by booking "virtual sales" which were, in fact, non-existent. Throughout the year cookie sales began to drop with sales falling to US$152 million. Archway's outside auditors, Ernst & Young threatened to issue a going-concern qualification on Archway's financial statements. In 2008, Specialty Foods filed for reorganization under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
A series of lawsuits have since been filed against Catterton, Insight Holdings, Archway, and various executives and former executives of each of these companies. In one of the lawsuits, Catterton is accused by a group of creditors that the alleged accounting fraud continued for as long as it did because of the "control, participation and acquiescence" of Catterton.
Lance buys the Archway brand.
In December 2008, Lance won the bankruptcy auction for Archway Cookies. Lance reopened the plant in Ashland, Ohio, and Archway again began producing cookies. Following its acquisition of Archway, Lance has trimmed Archway's product line from nearly 100 to 21. Archway still manufactures its popular varieties of oatmeal cookies, and several of the popular products that were exclusive to Mother's Cookies prior to their merger, including frosted Animal crackers.

</doc>
<doc id="19741874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741874" title="N. Padmalochanan">
N. Padmalochanan

N. Padmalochanan is a politician from Kerala, India, belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He is the mayor of Kollam. He represents the Kureepuzha (South) ward in the Municipal Corporation, and was elected as from the ward in 2005 with 1244 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="19741880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741880" title="Givi Javakhishvili">
Givi Javakhishvili

Givi Javakhishvili (Georgian: გივი ჯავახიშვილი) (1912–1985) was a Georgian Politician who served as Prime Minister of Georgia from 1953 to 1975.
Early life and education.
Givi Javakhishvili was born on December 18, 1912 in Tbilisi in the family of prominent doctor Dimitri Javakhishvili and Anna Magalashvili.
In 1934 he graduated Transcaucasian Industrial Institute (now Georgian Technical University) with qualification of Engineer-Geologist.
Political career.
From 1934 to 1952 worked on different positions in local Government and Communist Party structures. From 1952 he served as Deputy Mayor of the Georgian Capital Tbilisi and same year was promoted to Mayor of Tbilisi, from 1953 he was Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Georgian SSR, 1953-1975- Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Georgian SSR (Prime Minister), Member of the Parliament of the USSR and Georgian SSR, elected several times, member of the Bureau of Central Committee. From 1953-1975 he was a Chairman of the Commission of the Protection of Georgian Language.
Political life and Contributions.
In 1958 he was a head of Georgian delegation to World Fair EXPO in Brussels, Belgium and in 1967 in Montreal, Canada. In 1961 Givi Javakhishvili was heading the delegation of Georgian SSR in Moscow at Congress of the CPSU where he gave the famous speech demanding the removal of Joseph Stalin from Kremlin Mausoleum of Moscow.
By his direct initiative many high profile buildings were built in Georgian capital Tbilisi, such as State Philharmonic Hall and the Palace of Sport. He inaugurated an opening of Tbilisi Metro in 1966 which had become the fourth underground rail system in the Soviet Union. During his 22 years (the longest period in the Georgian history) chairing Georgian Government Givi Javakhishvili was a member of several official delegations of the USSR and Georgian SSR to European Countries, USA, Canada and Turkey. He also hosted high profile foreign guests in Tbilisi, such as Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, Queen of Denmark Margrethe II, French President Georges Pompidou, Shah of Iran Mohammad Rezā Shāh Pahlavi, Cuban leader Fidel Castro and many other prominent figures of the 20th Century.
He died on November 10, 1985 in Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="19741890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741890" title="Benelli Argo">
Benelli Argo

The Benelli Argo rifle is manufactured by Italian arms manufacturer Benelli Armi SpA. It is produced in two versions: the basic Argo version with a black anodised receiver and the Argo Special with a nickel-plated receiver.
Design details.
The Benelli Argo has a rotating bolt head with three lugs, which combine to provide an effective locking surface. The fully tempered steel cover is equipped with holes for attaching scopes and is firmly connected to the barrel. This results in a greater accuracy at range. The free-moving barrel gives greater precision more akin to bolt-action models.
The plate kit used to adjust stock deviation and drop, together with the interchangeable sights, make the Benelli Argo and Argo Special rifles versatile and multi-purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="19741892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741892" title="1964–65 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1964–65 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1964. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19741903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741903" title="Tom Darby">
Tom Darby

Tom Darby (born 20 July 1960) is an American journalist, Nevada Broadcast Hall of Fame inductee,author and blogger.
Early life.
Tom Darby was born in Châteauroux, Indre, France. He is the eldest of four children of Margery Ann Olivera and Thomas Junior Darby, who was assigned to Chateauroux-Deols Air Base at the time. Darby grew up in Klamath, California, attending Margaret Keating School and graduating from Del Norte County High School, Crescent City, California in 1978. 
Career.
At the age of 16, Darby began as a guest announcer. Joined military in 1987. After leaving the service, Darby moved to Reno, Nevada to resume his career in radio. 
Personal life.
In 1987, Darby married Mary Elizabeth Conklin, of Ramona, California. His son, Kyle was born in 1992. 
He published his first book "Growing Up Klamath," a collection of stories from his childhood, in September 2010. In June 2012, Darby published a second book titled, “Final Flight,” the recounting of the search for missing adventurer Steve Fossett.

</doc>
<doc id="19741916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741916" title="Noël Roquevert">
Noël Roquevert

Noël Roquevert (18 December 1892 – 6 November 1973) was a French film actor.
Career.
The actor appeared in more than 180 films between 1932 and 1972.
Private life.
Roquevert was born as Noël Louis Raymond Bénévent in Doué-la-Fontaine. He was married to stage and film actress Paulette Noizeux, France and died in Douarnenez, France.

</doc>
<doc id="19741920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741920" title="1965–66 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1965–66 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1965. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/Variety shows are highlighted in yellow, Local News & Programs are highlighted in white.

</doc>
<doc id="19741929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741929" title="Finless sleeper ray">
Finless sleeper ray

The finless sleeper ray ("Temera hardwickii") is a species of electric ray in the family Narkidae, and the sole member of its genus. It is found over the continental shelf of Southeast Asia from the eastern Andaman Sea to Vietnam and Borneo. Typically growing no more than long, it may be the smallest cartilaginous fish. The finless sleeper ray is the only electric ray that lacks dorsal fins. It has an oval pectoral fin disc that varies from longer than wide to wider than long, depending on age, and a short, robust tail that terminates in a short, deep caudal fin. The trailing margins of its pelvic fins are sexually dimorphic, being more concave in males.
Like other members of its family, the finless sleeper ray can generate a defensive electric shock from paired electric organs in its disc. It gives birth to live young, with the developing embryos nourished by yolk. A litter size of four has been recorded from one individual. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the finless sleeper ray as Vulnerable. This slow-reproducing species is caught by intensive bottom trawl and possibly other fisheries throughout its range, which likely cause high mortality regardless of whether it is discarded or utilised.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The finless sleeper ray was described as a new species and genus by English zoologist John Edward Gray in an 1831 issue of the scientific journal "Zoological Miscellany". His account was based on two specimens collected from Penang in Malaysia by General Thomas Hardwicke and presented to the British Museum. Hence, Gray named the ray "Temera hardwickii", or "Hardwicke's Temera". He noted that the new genus was most closely affiliated to the genus "Narke", because it has no dorsal fins while "Narke" has only one and other electric rays have two. A 2012 phylogenetic study, based on morphology, corroborated the close relationship between "Temera" and "Narke".
Description.
The pectoral fin disc of the finless sleeper ray is oval in shape; it is slightly wider than long in adults, and circular or longer than wide in juveniles. The small and bulging eyes are immediately followed by smooth-rimmed spiracles of roughly equal size. A pair of kidney-shaped electric organs are visible beneath the skin on either side of the head. A curtain of skin, reaching the mouth, is present between the small, circular nostrils. The nostrils are connected to the corners of the mouth by a pair of grooves. The small mouth is gently arched and protrusible. The flattened teeth have hexagonal bases and are arranged into narrow bands. There are five pairs of short gill slits.
The pelvic fins are only slightly overlapped by the disc; each is long, wide, and roughly triangular, with trailing margins that are more concave in males than in females. The tail is stout and much shorter than the disc. Unique amongst electric rays, there are no dorsal fins. The tail terminates in a fairly large, triangular caudal fin about as long as wide, with rounded corners. The skin entirely lacks dermal denticles. This species is plain light brown dorsally, sometimes with darker markings and whitish spots, and pale ventrally, with broad darker margins on the pectoral and pelvic fins. Possibly the smallest cartilaginous fish, the smallest known adult finless sleeper ray measured only long and weighed . Few individuals exceed and the maximum length is thought to be , though there is a dubious old record of a specimen long.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the finless sleeper ray extends from the eastern Andaman Sea, near southern border between Thailand and Myanmar, through the Strait of Malacca to Singapore, and northward to Vietnam. Its exact distribution off Thailand is uncertain. There is a single record of this species from Sarawak in Borneo. This bottom-dwelling species inhabits fine sediment habitat over the continental shelf in both inshore and offshore waters. In the 19th century, it was reportedly abundant year-round in the Straits of Malacca. It is locally common in some areas.
Biology and ecology.
The finless sleeper ray can produce a moderate electric shock for defence against predators. The shock originates from the two electric organs, each about one-third as long as the ray. The organs consist of numerous fluid-filled pentagonal or hexagonal columns, which essentially act as batteries connected in parallel. This species probably feeds on small invertebrates. The robust structure of its jaws suggest that it may prefer hard-shelled prey. Theodore Edward Cantor wrote in an 1850 account that this species was often infested by minute worms under the skin, which he termed ""Cysteocercus temerae"" and classified as "entozoa" (an obsolete grouping that included acanthocephalans, trematodes, cestodes, and nematodes).
Reproduction in the finless sleeper ray is viviparous, with the embryos sustained through gestation by a yolk sac. A single account exists of a pregnant female long that contained four late-term foetuses each long; the young were similar in form and colouration to the adult, but had thicker discs. Males reach sexual maturity at around in length, and females at around in length.
Human interactions.
The finless sleeper ray is susceptible to bottom trawls and perhaps other demersal fishing gear. It is a potential bycatch of fisheries operating throughout its range, which are particularly intense in the Andaman Sea. Most individuals caught are probably discarded, though post-capture survival rates are believed to be extremely low. Additionally, catches of this species by Burmese fishers are often sold in Phuket in Thailand. Due to heavy fishing pressure within its range and its low reproductive rate, the finless sleeper ray has been assessed as Vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Specific population data are lacking, but at least off Thailand electric ray populations overall appear to have declined since 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19741933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741933" title="Plashet School">
Plashet School

Plashet School is a secondary girls school in East Ham, London with approximately 1,350 students. It is a Leading Edge school and a Science and Maths Specialist College, previously a grammar school. In 2009 Ofsted highlighted Plashet as one of 12 outstanding schools serving disadvantaged communities.
History.
Plashet dates back to 1932 when the East Ham Grammar School for Girls first opened on the South site. In the 1950s, the North site was built and Plashet County Secondary Modern School for Girls was opened. These two schools were amalgamated into Plashet School in 1972 and the two sites were physically linked by the award-winning Plashet Unity Bridge in November 2000. This was designed so students had a safer way to get to and from lessons without skipping school or getting into accidents.
In 1993, Bushra Nasir became Head Teacher. She was the first Muslim woman teacher to become head of a UK comprehensive school. She is the President of the Muslim Teachers Association, and was awarded a CBE in 2003 and Professional of the Year at the 2005 Asian Women of Achievement awards.
Location.
East Ham tube station and High Street North are within 5 minutes' walk of the school, and it draws students from across the London Borough of Newham and from neighbouring boroughs.
Intake.
The majority of the students come from an Asian background, such as Bengalis Gujaratis and Pakistanis, as well as people coming from a Middle Eastern backgrounds too, such as Yemenies, Saudi Arabian and Lebanese. However, there are also students from various other backgrounds such as Tamils, white, Chinese and others. Recognised as outstanding, the school has received multiple awards and has recently been also recognised as a Science and Maths Specialist School. Plashet school topped the state school rankings in 2008 when it also got an excellent report from Ofsted and was also recognised by the international school standards comion. There are 1,350 students on roll, with a nine form entry in each year group.
There are approximately 80 full-time teaching staff complemented by a team of English as a Second Language teachers, Special Needs teachers and classroom assistants. The students are offered a wide range of extra-curricular activities to enhance their learning and enjoyment.

</doc>
<doc id="19741936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741936" title="Temera">
Temera

Temera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19741959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741959" title="Monte Terminillo">
Monte Terminillo

Monte Terminillo is a massif in the Monti Reatini, part of the Abruzzese Apennines range in central Italy. It is located some 20 km from Rieti and 100 km from Rome and has a highest altitude of .
It is a typical Apennine massif, both for its morphology, articulated but not exceedingly sharp, and for the fauna and vegetation. Its slopes are separated by the neighbouring smaller massifs by deep valleys, including the Valle Leonina, leading to Leonessa, and the Ravara and Capo Scura valleys leading to that of the Velino River. On the opposite sides are the Valle dell'Inferno ("Hell's Valley") and Valle degli Angeli ("Angels' Valley") leading to Rieti's plain and the mounts of Cantalice.
The Terminillo is an active ski resort.
External links.
<br clear=left>

</doc>
<doc id="19741960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741960" title="Herbert Guthrie">
Herbert Guthrie

Herbert France Guthrie (29 September 1902 – 26 January 1951) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Guthrie, who was born in Brisbane, attended Melbourne Grammar as a kid where he played his early football. He appeared in two senior games for St Kilda during the 1925 VFL season, against South Melbourne at Junction Oval and Essendon at Windy Hill.
He also played a couple of first-class cricket matches with Victoria as a right-handed middle order batsman, both at the Melbourne Cricket Ground and with Tasmania at their opponents. His debut performance wasn't memorable but in the second match, during the 1929/30 summer, he made 36 in Victoria's only innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19741977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741977" title="2007 Malmö FF season">
2007 Malmö FF season

The 2007 season was Malmö FF´s 98th in existence, their 72nd season in Allsvenskan and their 7th consecutive season in the league. They competed in Allsvenskan where they finished in 9th position and Svenska Cupen where they were knocked out in the third round. The result in Allsvenskan was the club's worst league performance since the 2001 season when they also finished 9th, as a result of this, manager Sören Åkebys contract was not renewed and Roland Nilsson was announced as the new Malmö FF manager in October 2007.
Competitions.
Allsvenskan.
Matches.
Kickoff times are in CEST.
Svenska Cupen.
Kickoff times are in CEST.

</doc>
<doc id="19741978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741978" title="Pseudotolithus">
Pseudotolithus

Pseudotolithus is a genus of croaker or bar, ray-finned fish in the family Sciaenidae.

</doc>
<doc id="19741985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741985" title="Elith Foss">
Elith Foss

Elith Foss (8 August 1911 – 19 April 1972) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 29 films between 1933 and 1968. He was born in Århus, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19741995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19741995" title="2001 Majorca Open">
2001 Majorca Open

The 2001 Majorca Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Majorca in Spain and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 30 through May 6, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19742025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742025" title="Amber Gurung">
Amber Gurung

Amber Gurung () is a renowned composer, singer and lyricist of Nepali music.
Early life.
Mahasangeetkar(the great musician) Amber Gurung was born in Darjeeling, India, where his father, Ujir Singh Gurung, a former soldier in the British Indian Army, was serving as a policeman from Gorkha district, Nepal. His mother encouraged him to sing and compose as a child, and he taught himself to play both Nepali, Indian and Western instruments. He studied at Turnbull School, Darjeeling, where he had fallen in love with music singing Bible hymns.
In the 1950s, one of his important associations was with the Nepali poet Agam Singh Giri. He became the headmaster of Bhanu Bhakta School founded by Giri and instituted a music school, the Art Academy of Music, in the school's premises. He recorded his famous song “Nau Lakh Tara” (a song about the sufferings of the Nepali diaspora in India) in the early 1960s, written by Agam Singh Giri. His students at his academy included musicians and singers such as Gopal Yonzon, Karma Yonzon, Aruna Lama, Sharan Pradhan, Peter Karthak, Indra Gajmer, Jitendra Bardewa and Ranjit Gazmer. He worked as the Music Chief of Folk Entertainment Unit, Government of West Bengal, Darjeeling from 1962 to 1965. Here, he was barred from singing or recording songs outside the unit. He moved and settled to Kathmandu, Nepal in 1969.
Lifetime achievements.
• On 1st jan, 2014, he was conferred with the title of "Mahasangeetkar" by Himalayan Tones Music Academy of Hong Kong. Organizing "Amber Gurung Ratri",Dinesh Subba,
director of Himalayan Tones said that it was well deserved title for him for contributing almost 6 decades to Nepalese music.
• Composed Nepal’s new national anthem, "Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka" (2007)
• Invited by Nepal’s King Mahendra to return to Nepal to establish and chair the music department of the newly founded Nepal Academy of Arts (1968.) Served as Music Director for nearly 30 years.
• Renowned as the father of modern Nepali music, having introduced and integrated Western musical methodology and styles into the Nepali music scene
• Author and recording artist of more than 1000 songs (1961–2006)
• Composed/conducted the first Nepali chorales (1988, 1997)
• Composed/conducted the first Nepali operas, "Malati Mangale" (“Malati and Mangale,” 1986), "Muna Madan", (“Muna and Madan,” 1979), "Kunjini" (1963) 
• Composed/conducted the first Nepali cantatas, "Smriti" (“Reminiscence,” 1964), "Brave Gorkhas" (1972)
• Scored 3 feature films and several documentaries 
• Published 3 books: 2 volumes of lyrics, "Samaalera Raakha" (“Keep It Safe”, 1969) and "Akcharkaa Awajharu" (“Sounds of Words,” 2003), and an anthology of essays and memoirs, "Kahaa Gae Ti Dinharu" (“Remembrance of Days Past,” 2006, which won the Uttam Shanti Shahitya Puraskar for 2007)
• Honored with more than 25 life-time awards and felicitations
• Frequent presenter at international music and cultural fora, including:
• “Songs of Asia,” sponsored by UNESCO, in the Philippines, Japan and China
• Conference on music education, sponsored by the International Society for Music Education, Spain...
Professional history.
Chancellor, Nepal Academy of Music and Drama, Kathmandu, Nepal (2010-now)
Chairman, Nepal Music Center
Kathmandu, Nepal (2006–2007)
Music Director, Nepal Academy (of Arts and Literature)
Kathmandu, Nepal (1968–1996)
Music Teacher, Dr. Grahams Homes,
Kalimpong, Darjeeling (1967–1968)
Music Chief, Folk Entertainment Unit, Government of West Bengal, Darjeeling, India (1962–1965)
First Song Recorded "Nau Lakhe Tara" ("Anthem of the
Nepali Diaspora")
Selected awards.
• Hon. Colonel of Nepal Army for composing "Rato ra chandra Surya" (2011) 
• Uttam Shanti Shahitya Puraskar (2007)
• Kantipur FM Lifetime Achievement Award (2006)
• Hits FM Lifetime Achievement Award (2001)
• Madhurima Phulkumar Mahato Puraskar, Kathmandu (2000)
• Tuborg Outstanding Award (1999)
• Image Award, Image TV, Kathmandu (1999)
• Jagadamba Shree, Kathmandu (1998)
• Bhupal Man Singh, Kathmandu (1998)
• Sha-Shanka, Jhapa (1996)
• Giri Puraskar, Darjeeling, India (1994)
• Golden Flute Award (CEDOS), Sikkim, India (1993)
• Indra Rajya Laxmi Pragya Puraskar, Kathmandu (1987) 
• Chinalata Puraskar, Kathmandu (1983)
• Gorkha Dakshina Bahu, Kathmandu (1971)
• Gold Medal, Radio Nepal, Kathmandu (1970)
Selected felicitations.
• "Mahasangeetkar" conferred by Himalayan Tones Hong Kong on 1st jan 2014 during "Amber Gurung Ratri" 
• Kalimpong, India (1994, 2008)
• Tamu Lochar Mul Aayojak Sameeti (2007)
• Democratic National Youth Federation, Nepal (2007)
• Hamdard Laboratories, Letter of Honour (2007)
• Aadibasi Janajati Uthan Rastriya Pratisthan (2007)
• Indigenous Lyricist Society, Nepal (2006)
• Narayan Gopal Sangeet Samman (2005)
• Darjeeling, India (2005, 1994, 1968)
• Nepal Sahitya Parisad, Sikkim, India (2005)
• Nepal Samman Everest Foundation, Nepal (2003)
• Radio Puraskar Sewa Bikash Sameeti, Nepal (2002)
• Kha Pa Sangeet Pucha, Bhaktapur (2002)
• Tamu Sanskritik Pratisthan, Nepal (2001)
• Nepal Cultural Council, Nepal (2000)
• New York, NY, US (1998) 
• Boston, MA, US (1998)
• Washington D.C., US (1998)
• London, England (1998)
• Ilam, Nepal (1998)
• Mitra Sen, Bhagsu, India (1996)
• Kurseong, India (1994)
• Mirik, India (1994)
• Astha Pariwar (1992)
Countries visited (participation in conferences and musical tours).
UK, US, Hong Kong, Japan, Philippines, China, Malaysia, Spain

</doc>
<doc id="19742029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742029" title="Muriel Dacq">
Muriel Dacq

Muriel Dacq (real name Muriel Desclée de Maredsous) is a Belgian (Walloon) singer-songwriter, active in the 1980s in France.
Biography.
In the early 1980s, Muriel Dacq released "L'Enfer à l'envers" and "Ni pourquoi ni comment". Her biggest hit was "Tropique", released in France in 1986. It reached number 6 on the SNEP singles chart and earned a Silver disc for a minimum of 200,000 copies sold. At the time, the singer was married to Alec Mension, a member of the trio Léopold Nord & Vous which had success in 1987 with the song "C'est l'amour", produced by Dacq. She also released "Là où ça???" in 1986, but it was unsuccessful (#42 in France). In 1995, she tried to revive her singing career recording a new album "Ohé du vaisseau", and a single entitled "Un peu + d'amour", under the pseudonym of Black & Dacq.

</doc>
<doc id="19742031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742031" title="Kudamaloor Karunakaran Nair">
Kudamaloor Karunakaran Nair

Kudamaloor Karunakaran Nair (1916-2000) was a pioneering Kathakali artiste who brought to prominence female characters in the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India. 
Kathakali gained a lot through Karunakaran Nair's artistic contributions as his professional career coincided with that of the legendary Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair. With his charming face and graceful feminine movements on the stage, Kudamaloor, as he was simply known (by his place of birth), gained name as the ideal heroine opposite Krishnan Nair's protagonists. Kudamaloor's prominent roles like Damayanti, Lalita, Kunti, Mohini, Rukmini, Devayani, Sairandhri and Draupadi complemented Krishnan Nair's lead roles like Nalan, Karnan, Rugmangadan and Keechakan.
Born in Kudamaloor village of Kottayam district, Karunakaran Nair was initiated to Kathakali by guru Kurichi Rama Panikkar. Later, he had his higher studies from Kurichi Kunhan Panikkar, Thottam Sankaran Namboodiri and Kochappi-Raman brothers. He later gained eminence in the northern school of Kathakali from the late Kavalappara Narayanan Nair. Kudamaloor also donned male roles like Kuchelan (Sudama) in the storyplay Kuchelavrittam and Naradan in Balivijayam.
Kudamaloor had worked as a tutor at the FACT Kathakali School off Kochi, and later at the Kudamaloor Kala Kendram in his native place. Karunakaran Nair was a forerunner of Kottakkal Sivaraman, who further made female roles an important slot in Kathakali.
A winner of the awards by the Central Sangeet Natak Akademi and that of the Kerala Sangeetha Nataka Academy, Kudamaloor died on October 17, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19742034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742034" title="Albana (grape)">
Albana (grape)

Albana is a white Italian wine grape planted primarily in the Emilia-Romagna region. 
The wine made from the grape, Albana di Romagna, was first awarded DOCG status (Denominazione Origine Controllata e Garantita) in 1987. The grape produces deeply colored wines and could be related to Greco di Tufo.
History.
The history of this grape variety is unclear and confused with legends; it is believed that it was introduced to the region by the ancient Romans. The name "Albana" refers to the colour of the grapes (Albus = white in Latin).
In the 13th century Pier de' Crescenzi in his famous "Treatise on Agriculture", describes Albana as "a powerful wine with an axcellent taste, but at the same time easy to be preserved". Also in the 13th century, agricultural writer Petrus di Crescentiis mentions the grapes used in wine being produced in the Emilia-Romagna region. In the 18th century, an agronomist from Bologna, Vincenzo Tamara, mentioned this grape variety.
Pedigree.
An Italian study published in 2008 using DNA typing showed a close genetic relationship between Garganega on the one hand and Albuela and several other grape varieties on the other hand. It is therefore possible that Garganega is one of the parents of Albuela, however, since the parents of Garganega have not been identified, the exact nature of the relationship could not be conclusively established.
Synonyms.
Albana is also known under the synonyms Albana a Grappo Longo, Albana a Grappolo Fitto, Albana a Grappolo Lungo, Albana a Grappolo Rado o Gentile, Albana dell'Istria (?), Albana della Forcella, Albana di Bertinoro, Albana di Bologna, Albana di Forli, Albana di Gatteo, Albana di Lugo, Albana di Montiano, Albana di Pesaro, Albana di Romagna, Albana di Terra Del Sole, Albana Gentile, Albana Gentile di Faenza, Albana Gentile di Ravenna, Albana Grossa, Albano, Albanone, Albuelis, Biancame Sinalunga, Forcella, Forcellata, Forcellina, Forcelluta, Raccia Pollone, Ribona, Riminese, and Sforcella.
There is also a rare Spanish variety called Albana.
Albana is also used as a synonym of the grape varieties Albula, Elbling, and Tempranilla.

</doc>
<doc id="19742043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742043" title="Gullsteinen">
Gullsteinen

Gullsteinen is a large hill in Bergen, Norway. It is part of the Løvstakken mountain massif. Its peak is located 354 metres above sea level, and is accessible by hiking paths from all sides.

</doc>
<doc id="19742045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742045" title="Jørgen Buckhøj">
Jørgen Buckhøj

Jørgen Buckhøj (10 January 1935 – 13 April 1994) was a Danish actor, working on stage, TV and film. He is best known as the title character Mads Skjern (born Mads Andersen-Skjern) in Matador. He appeared in 38 films between 1953 and 1977.
He was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19742053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742053" title="2002 Majorca Open">
2002 Majorca Open

The 2002 Majorca Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Majorca in Spain and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 29 through May 5, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19742059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742059" title="Fishing basket">
Fishing basket

A fishing basket is a basket used for fishing. The manufacture of fishing baskets can provide income for tribal peoples.
History.
The ancient Egyptians used weir baskets made from willow branches to fish the Nile river. 
The use of fishing weirs was specifically outlawed throughout England, except at the seacoast, by order of the Magna Carta, but little heed was given to the restrictions.
The Spaniards named the Nazas River after the fishing baskets they saw the local peoples using in the river.
Fishing.
The Wagenya of the Democratic Republic of the Congo build a huge system of wooden tripods across the river. These tripods are anchored on the holes naturally carved in the rock by the water current. To these tripods are anchored large baskets, which are lowered in the rapids to “sieve” the waters for fish. It is a very selective fishing method, as these baskets are quite big and only large fish are entrapped. Twice a day the adult Wagenya people pull out these baskets to check if there is any fish caught; in which case somebody will dive into the river to fetch it. At the end of each day the product of this ancient way of fishing is divided among all the members of the same family; including also those who did not take direct action into it. The locations where each individual can set his baskets are inherited.
Elver fishing using basket traps, including eel bucks, has been of significant economic value in many river estuaries on the western seaboard of Europe.
The Kuki people of India, Burma, and Bangladesh use many kinds of traps and snares, including the Bawm (basket trap). Ngoituh is a method of using dams and baskets in a flowing river to catch fish.
Basketmaking.
The Gogodala women of Papua New Guinea earn income from their making of fishing baskets.
The tribes of Jharkhand in India use a unique local bamboo to fashion sturdy fishing baskets.
Cultural significance.
The Dance of Cambodia can involve the carrying of fishing baskets. 
The basket stitch on an Aran sweater on the Aran Islands off Ireland signifies the fisherman's basket and the knitter's wish for the recipient's plentiful catch.

</doc>
<doc id="19742083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742083" title="List of Nepalese actresses">
List of Nepalese actresses

This is a list of Nepali actresses.
K.
manisha sharna

</doc>
<doc id="19742095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742095" title="Biopanning">
Biopanning

Biopanning is an affinity selection technique which selects for peptides that bind to a given target. All peptide sequences obtained from biopanning using combinatorial peptide libraries have been stored in a special database with the name MimoDB, which is freely available. This technique is often used for the selection of antibodies too.
Biopanning involves 4 major steps for peptide selection. The first step is to have phage display libraries prepared. This involves inserting foreign desired gene segments into a region of the bacteriophage genome, so that the peptide product will be displayed on the surface of the bacteriophage viron. The most often used are genes pIII or pVIII of bacteriophage M13. 
The next step is the capturing step. It involves conjugating the phage library to the desired target. This procedure is termed panning. It utilizes the binding interactions so that only specific peptides presented by bacteriophage are bound to the target. For example, selecting antibody presented by bacteriophage with coated antigen in microtiter plates.
The washing step comes after the capturing step to wash away the unbound phages from solid surface. Only the bound phages with strong affinity are kept. The final step involves the elution step where the bound phages are eluted through changing of pH or other environment conditions.
The end result is the peptides produced by bacteriophage are specific. The resulting filamentous phages can infect Gram negative bacteria once again to produce phage libraries. The cycle can occur many times resulting with strong affinity binding peptides to the target.

</doc>
<doc id="19742096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742096" title="Els Aarne">
Els Aarne

Els Aarne ("jur Else", from 1940 Els Paemurru; 30 March 1917 – 14 June 1995) was an Estonian composer and pedagogue. 
She was born in Makiivka, Ukraine and studied at Tallinn Conservatory, graduating as a music teacher in 1939, in 1942 as pianist and in 1946 as composer under Heino Eller. Els was famous, among other things, as a chamber music composer (preferring to compose for violoncello and double-bass); in addition, she wrote two symphonies.
Her son is a cellist and politician Peeter Paemurru.

</doc>
<doc id="19742102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742102" title="Gyda Hansen">
Gyda Hansen

Gyda Hansen (7 February 1938 – 20 August 2010) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 22 films between 1963 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19742123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742123" title="Joseph Baptista">
Joseph Baptista

Joseph "Kaka" Baptista (17 March 1864 – 1930) was an Indian politician and activist from Bombay (today known as Mumbai), closely associated with the Lokmanya Tilak and the Home Rule Movement. He was elected as the Mayor of Bombay in 1925. He was given the title "Kaka" that means "uncle".
Early life.
Joseph Baptista was born on 17 March 1864 in Matharpacady in Mazagaon, Bombay. His father, John Baptista hailed from Uttan, near Bassein (now Vasai). The Baptistas belonged to the East Indian ethnic community, who were converted to Roman Catholicism during Portuguese rule between the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries.
After completion of his schooling from St. Mary's High School at Mazagaon, he joined the College of Engineering in Pune, graduating in civil engineering. In 1896, he acquired the "Licentiate in Civil Engineering" from the University of Bombay. Baptista then joined the Bombay Provincial Government as an engineer in the Forest Department. He was initially posted at Thane, and then in Sindh (now in Pakistan). Dissatisfied with corruption in the government, mostly by the British, he quit his post in 1898. He then sailed to England to pursue a BA degree in Political Science from the Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge. During this period, he first met Bal Gangadhar Tilak.
Political activism.
In 1901, Baptista joined the Bombay Municipal Corporation, and would be a part of the BMC for the next 17 years. Influenced by the Irish Home Rule movement, Baptista's ideas on an Indian version took root. His ideas deeply influenced Tilak and the two became close associates. He assisted Tilak by launching the "Sarvajanik Ganpati" (public Ganpati celebrations) to raise nationalistic feelings. In addition, Baptista coined the phrase "Swaraj is my Birthright", that was later made popular by Tilak. In 1916, along with Tilak, Annie Besant founded the Home Rule Movement, with Baptista opening the Belgaum unit. He was also the legal advisor to Lokmanya Tilak. Later he interviewed British Prime Minister David Lloyd George for the British government's views on the Home Rule. In the interview, Baptista gained the impression "that the Cabinet had decided to give India the fullest possible measure of Home Rule without delay."
Baptista was also a practising barrister at the Bombay High Court. One of his most high profile clients was Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, where he demanded an open trial to assure the dignity of fundamental rights. In 1920, founded the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC). As a labour leader he took up the cause of mill workers and postmen and other blue collar workers. Although religious, he refused to mix politics and religion refusing to have separate religion-based electorates.
In 1925, Baptista was elected as the Mayor of the Bombay Municipal Corporation, a post that he occupied for a year.
Death.
Baptista died in 1930 and is buried in the Sewri cemetery. The Mazagon Gardens, site of the demolished Mazagaon Fort, near Dockyard Road station is named after him. On 12 October 2008, his tomb at Sewri cemetery was restored with the funds of local MLC Kapil Patil. The ceremony was attended by members of the Bombay Catholic Sabha and Shikshak Bharati, a teacher's organisation.
In 1999, a book on Baptista titled "Joseph Baptista: The father of Home Rule in India" was released by K R Shirsat at Lalbaug in Mumbai. Through the book, the author hoped that Baptista would be a role model for modern-day youths.
Further reading.
Shirsat, K.R. "Joseph Baptista: The Father of Home Rule in India." 1999.
Shirsat, K.R. "Speeches and Writings of Kaka Joseph Baptista on the Labour Movement of India". 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19742129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742129" title="Mexipyrgus churinceanus">
Mexipyrgus churinceanus

Mexipyrgus churinceanus is a species of very small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to Cuatro Ciénegas valley, in Chihuahuan Desert, Mexico.
Ecology.
"Mexipyrgus churinceanus" is generally found only in soft sediment.
Water lily "Nymphaea ampla" is the most common aquatic macrophyte in abundance in its habitats. According to the isotope analysis by Chaves-Campos et al. (2012) it is probable that "Mexipyrgus churinceanus" feed on water lily "Nymphaea ampla" organic matter metabolized by sediment bacteria.
Predators of "Mexithauma quadripaludium" include the specialized snail-eating (molluscivorous) cichlid fish "Herichthys minckleyi".
References.
This article incorporates CC-BY-2.5 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19742130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742130" title="Bögholmen">
Bögholmen

Bögholmen is a village in the commune of Laholm, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19742132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742132" title="Herbert Fry">
Herbert Fry

Herbert James Fry (28 October 1870 – 19 January 1953) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Fry played eight first-class cricket matches with Victoria, three of them in the Sheffield Shield. He also umpired a first-class match between Victoria and New Zealand in 1899. When not keeping wicket, Fry bowled right arm off-break and took 4 wickets at 60.00 during his career. The biggest name out of his four scalps was Marylebone Cricket Club captain Plum Warner, whom he dismissed at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1904.
In his brief VFL career at Melbourne, Fry was used as a ruckman. He played five games in the league's inaugural season in 1897, including Melbourne's historic first ever match and their losing Semi Final. His sixth and last senior game came in the opening round of 1898 before he injured his knee and was forced to retire.

</doc>
<doc id="19742139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742139" title="Albillo">
Albillo

Albillo or Albillo Real is a white Spanish wine grape variety planted primarily in the Ribera del Duero region, and also in Madrid, Ávila and Galicia. The grape has mostly neutral flavors with a light perfume aroma. It has a high glycerol index which confers smoothness to the wines.
It is sometimes added to the red wines of the Ribera del Duero for added aromatics. The berries are of average size, round in shape and golden in colour. The grape bunches are generally small and compact. It is an early ripening variety and in central Spain is usually harvested in mid August. 
It is an authorized variety in the Ribera del Duero region and one of the main varieties in the Vinos de Madrid DO.
History.
The first written mention of Albillo is from the 15th century in "Agricultura General" by Gabriel Alonso de Herrera in which he says that the wine made from this variety is described as “very clear, with gentle color and taste”. He also states that the wine can be kept for quite some time but that it improves in quality if mixed with other varieties such as Cigüente, Moscatel or Hebén.
Simón de Roxas Clemente y Rubio, in "Viticultura", published in the 19th century mentions the sweetness of the must.
According to Alain Huetz de Lemps, the Albillo variety represented 36% of all vines planted in the Toro region in 1751, and was also found in Tierras de Medina, though not as much as the Verdejo variety. He also states that Albillo was to be found in the Rioja Alta, and that it was used for making the traditional txacolí wine in the province of Vizcaya.
Relationship to other varieties.
Ampelographers once believed that the Sardinian wine grape Albaranzeuli Bianco, was a clone of Albillo. However, DNA profiling conducted on the grapes in 2010 confirmed that the two grapes were different varieties.
Also in 2010, ampelographers using DNA analysis discovered a parent-offspring relationship between Albillo and the Italian wine grape variety Prié blanc which was growing in the Ávila province under the name Legiruela but it is not yet clear which grape is the parent and which grape is the offspring.
Synonyms.
Albillo is also known by other names: Albilla, Albillo de Cebreros, Albillo de Madrid, Albillo de Toro, Albillo Castellano, Blanco del País, Castellano, Gual, Hoja Vuelta, Nieves Temprano, Pardillo, Abuela, Acerba, Acerva, Albarin blanco, Albil Prado, Albilo Kasteliano, Albillo blanco, Albillo blanco fino, Albillo Cagalon, Albillo Castillian, Albillo de Granada, Albillo de Huebla, Albillo de San Jeronimo, Albillo Dorado, Albillo Prado, Albillo Peco, Albillo Peco de Trebugena, Albillo Real, Albillo Temprano, Albillo Verdal, Albuela, Alvilla, Alvillo, Arvilla, Besto Maduro, Blanco Castellano, Blanco Pais, Blanco Ribera, Blanco Rivera, Cagalon, Cepa Canasta, Cepa de Lena, De Lena, Hogazuela, Hogomela, Nives Temprano, Ojo de Liebre, Pardillo de Albillo, Picapol, Prolifera, Temprano de Campo Real, Temprano de Mora, Uva de Lena, Uva Pardilla and Verdaguilla.
There are total of five grape varieties with 'Albillo' as part of their name: Albillo de Albacete, Albillo Krimskii, Albillo Mayor, Albillo Real, and Albillo Real de Granada. Of these, only Albillo Real is referred to as simply Albillo.
Albillo is also used as a synonym for the Spanish grape variety Pardina. Albillo Negro is one of Tempranillo's many synonyms.

</doc>
<doc id="19742140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742140" title="Mexipyrgus">
Mexipyrgus

Mexipyrgus is a genus of very small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Mexipyrgus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19742153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742153" title="List of aircraft (D)">
List of aircraft (D)

__NOTOC__
This is a list of aircraft in alphabetical order beginning with 'D'.
D.
D'Apuzzo.
"see also:" de Knight, Parsons-Jocelyn
Dabos-Masclet.
"see" Avions JDM
Dashatou.
"See: " Xianyi
DFS.
"see also:" RRG
DINFIA.
("Dirección Nacional de Fabricación e Investigación Aeronáutica" - Spanish language for "National Directorate of Aeronautical Manufacturing and Research").
Dornier (Altenrhein).
"see" FFA
Douglas.
see also: Davis-Douglas, McDonnell-Douglas
Dunne.
"see also:" Burgess-Dunne

</doc>
<doc id="19742162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742162" title="Corvinus Press">
Corvinus Press

The Corvinus Press was a private press established by George Lionel Seymour Dawson-Damer, Viscount Carlow (1907–1944) in Red Lion Court, off Fleet Street, London in early 1936. Carlow was a keen book-collector, amateur linguist and typographer, and ran the Press purely as a hobby, with the help of a press-man (latterly Arthur Harry Cardew) and secretary. He was friendly with many of the leading literary figures of the age, some of whom allowed him to print their works at his Press. Corvinus published new work by T. E. Lawrence, James Joyce, Wyndham Lewis, Edmund Blunden, Stefan Zweig, Walter de la Mare and H. E. Bates. Carlow was interested in contemporary European typography, and bought new types from the Bauer typefoundry at Frankfurt am Main and other European founders, which he often used in an experimental way at the Corvinus Press. His taste in binding was also individual, and he generally produced a few special copies of each book which he had bound by one of the leading craft bookbinders of the age.
During the war, Carlow undertook diplomatic duties elsewhere in Europe, but oversaw the work of the Press at a distance. He was killed in an aeroplane crash on 17 April 1944. The Press continued to operate for around a year while Cardew completed some of the books which Carlow had chosen for publication, before the printing equipment and press-man were acquired by the Dropmore Press in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19742167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742167" title="Amigne">
Amigne

Amigne is a white Swiss wine grape planted primarily in the Valais region, with most of the plantations in Vetroz. Total Swiss plantations of the variety in 2009 stood at .
The grape can make rich, full bodied wines. Dry Amigne wines are powerful with linden aromas, and it is also used for sweet dried grape wines (flétri), which tend to have citrus fruit and bitter almond aromas.
DNA profiling at UC Davis has indicated a parent-offspring relationship between Amigne and Petit Meslier, which was unexpected from a classical ampelographic point of view. (It was previously believed to be related to Petite Arvine.)
Synonyms.
Amigne is also known under the synonyms Amigne Blanche and Amique.

</doc>
<doc id="19742170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742170" title="Cheonggyesan (Pocheon/Gapyeong)">
Cheonggyesan (Pocheon/Gapyeong)

Cheonggyesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It extends over the city of Pocheon and the county of Gapyeong. Cheonggyesan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19742178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742178" title="C. L. Best">
C. L. Best

Clarence Leo Best (April 21, 1878–September 22, 1951, San Francisco, California), usually known as C. L. Best, was a pioneering tractor company executive. C. L. Best founded the C. L. Best Gas Traction Company in 1910 (later the C. L. Best Tractor Company) then merged his company with Holt Manufacturing Company to form Caterpillar Tractor Company in 1925. C. L. Best was chairman of the board of Caterpillar Tractor Company from its founding until his death in 1951.
C. L. Best started out working for Best Manufacturing Company, owned by his father, Daniel Best, and eventually became manager of Best Manufacturing Company's Stockton, California plant. 
Best Manufacturing Company was acquired by Holt Manufacturing Company in 1908. In 1910, C. L. Best left Holt Manufacturing Company and formed his own company, C. L. Best Gas Traction Company, to continue his father's work.
Originally operating out of a plant in Elmhurst, California, the C. L. Best Traction Company became large enough to purchase Daniel Best's former San Leandro, California plant in mid-1916. In 1920, the C. L. Best Traction Company was restructured and renamed the C. L. Best Tractor Company.
In the mid-1920s,Holt encountered financial trouble. Best's financial backers approached Holt executives to discuss a merger. On April 15, 1925 C. L. Best Tractor Company and Holt Manufacturing Company merged to form Caterpillar Tractor Company. C. L. Best remained chairman of the board of Caterpillar until his death in 1951.
He was interred at Evergreen Cemetery in Oakland, CA

</doc>
<doc id="19742182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742182" title="Inge Ivarson">
Inge Ivarson

Inge Ivarson (born 2 November 1917) is a Swedish film producer and screenwriter. He produced 40 films between 1945 and 2004.
He was born in Borås, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19742188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742188" title="Hydrobia ulvae">
Hydrobia ulvae

Hydrobia ulvae, also known as Peringia ulvae, common name the Laver spire shell or mudsnail, is an European species of very small aquatic snail with gills and an operculum, a gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.
This is arguably a marine snail, but it is often also listed as a non-marine species because it tolerates brackish water and lives in salt marshes and similar habitats.
When it is within the genus "Peringia", this species is the type species of the genus "Peringia".
Distribution.
This species occurs on the coasts of the Baltic Sea, the Eastern Atlantic and the western Mediterranean Sea, including:
The type locality is "on the shores of Flintshire", Wales, United Kingdom.
Description.
This species was originally described by Welsh naturalist Thomas Pennant in 1777. Pennant's original text (the type description) reads as follows:
"T." is an abbreviated word "testa" from Latin language, that means "shell".
The shell is often heavily corroded, usually whitish with brown peristome present on the last whorl. The shell has 5-7 very weakly convex whorls, that are regularly increasing but not always regularly rounded. The lip is attached to the last whorl.
The width of the shell is 2.5-3 mm. The height of the shell is 4-5.5 mm.
Habitat.
"Hydrobia ulvae" is a widespread and abundant member of the benthic fauna of estuarine habitats and coastal brackish and salt waters. It is very common in brackish water and saltwater, in estuaries and salt marshes. It is most common in the upper half of the intertidal zone. It tolerates salinity 1.0-3.3 %.
"Hydrobia ulvae" seems to prefer more exposed localities with less vegetation than "Hydrobia ventrosa" and "Hydrobia neglecta".
"Hydrobia ulvae" feeds on detritus and it also consumes seaweeds directly.
It is pederictional dioecious with sexes being easily identified through dissection. On the west coast of Wales this species has peaks of spawning activity in spring and autumn and produces planktotrophic larvae (veliger) that remain in the plankton for up to four weeks before settlement. This period of development affords the potential for dispersal to new habitats and mixing with geographically separate populations. The species provides an interesting case for molecular analysis as the pelagic dispersal phase raises fascinating questions on gene flow, differentiation, recruitment, and inbreeding, but there remains the potential for self-recruitment of estuarine populations.
One of its natural predators is the Arctic barrel-bubble ("Retusa obtusa").
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from references and CC-BY-2.0 text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19742196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742196" title="Nevada Broadcasters Association">
Nevada Broadcasters Association

The Nevada Broadcasters Association (NBA) is a trade association for radio and television broadcast stations in the U.S. state of Nevada.
It seeks to educate consumers about the impending change to digital television broadcasting in Nevada and the rest of the United States. 
The NBA seeks to influence Nevada's local, state and federal officials together with other community leaders about broadcasting issues, concerns and challenges. 
Together with the National Association of Broadcasters and the National Alliance of State Broadcasters Associations, the NBA participates in Federal Communications Commission proceedings.
The NBA sponsors a Washington Legal Hot Line for quick legal advice for stations from a Washington law firm, as well as a Carson City Hot Line for stations and an Engineer's Hot Line. 
They also sponsor an FCC Alternative Broadcast Inspection Program for stations. As Nevada's Voice for Homeland Security, the NBA is at the forefront in the ongoing strengthening of the Nevada Emergency Alert System and in the development of in-station Emergency Management Planning. 
It coordinates emergency alerts and AMBER Alerts, and encourages ethnic and gender diversity in broadcasting. It seeks to preserve the history of Nevada broadcasting, and sponsors a hall of fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19742201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742201" title="Cheonggyesan (Yangpyeong)">
Cheonggyesan (Yangpyeong)

Cheonggyesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends over the county of Yangpyeong. Cheonggyesan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19742210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742210" title="Ansonica">
Ansonica

Ansonica or Inzolia is a white Italian wine grape planted primarily in western Sicily where it can be used to produce Marsala wine. The grape is noted for its nutty aroma. In Tuscany, the grape is known as Ansonica. It is the chief (and potentially only) component of the Tuscan D.O.C. Ansonica Costa dell'Argentario, which is located on the extreme southern coast of Tuscany and on the island of Giglio.
Ansonica can also be found in the following DOC wines: 
Calabria: Bivongi DOC;
Sicily: Alcamo DOC, Contea di Sclafani DOC, Contessa Entellina DOC, Delia Nivolelli DOC, Erice DOC, Memertino di Milazzo or Mamertino DOC, Marsala DOC, Menfi DOC, Monreale DOC, Riesi DOC, Salaparuta DOC, Sambuca di Sicilia DOC, Santa Margherita di Belice DOC, Sciacca DOC, Vittoria DOC; 
Tuscany: Ansonica Costa dell'Argentario DOC, Elba DOC, Parrina DOC and Val di Cornia DOC.
Synonyms.
Ansonica is also known under the synonyms Amsonica, Ansolia, Ansolica, Ansoliku, Ansonica Bianca, Ansora, Ansoria, Ansorica, Anzonaka, Anzonica, Anzulu, Arba Solika, Erba Insolika, Inselida, Insolia, Insolia di Palermo, Insora, Inzolia, Inzolia Parchitana, Nsolia, Nsuolia, Nzolia, Nzolia Bianca, Nzolia di Lipari, Nzolia di Palermo, Soria, and Zolia Bianca.

</doc>
<doc id="19742214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742214" title="Holt Manufacturing Company">
Holt Manufacturing Company

The Holt Manufacturing Company traces its roots to the 1883 establishment of Stockton Wheel Service in Stockton, California, United States. Benjamin Holt, who was later credited with patenting the first workable crawler tractor design, incorporated the Holt Manufacturing Company in 1892. Holt Manufacturing Company was the first company to successfully manufacture a continuous track tractor. By the start of the 20th century, Holt Manufacturing Conmpany was the leading manufacturer of combine harvesters in the United States and the leading California-based manufacturer of steam traction engines.
Holt Manufacturing Company operated from its base in Stockton, California, until opening a satellite facility in Walla Walla, Washington, to serve the Pacific Northwest. In 1909, Holt Manufacturing Company expanded by purchasing the facility of defunct farm implement maker Colean Manufacturing Company in East Peoria, Illinois. Holt changed the name of the company to Holt Caterpillar Company, although he did not trademark the name "Caterpillar" until 1911.
The company's initial products focused on agricultural machinery and were distributed internationally. During World War I, almost all of its production capacity was dedicated to military needs. Its tractors replaced horses and were widely used by the Allies as artillery tractors and for hauling supplies. British General Ernest Swinton recognized in the Holt tractor the potential for a power-driven, bullet-proof, tracked vehicle that could destroy enemy machine guns, although the British later chose an English firm to build the first tanks. Holt's equipment was credited with helping to win the war and its tractor was regarded as "one of the most important military vehicles of all time." The Holt Manufacturing Company gained worldwide recognition for the quality and durability of its equipment.
As the war ended, the Holt company was left with huge surplus inventories of heavy-duty tractors ill-suited for the agricultural market, which had been dominated during the war by the Holt Company's primary competitor, C. L. Best. The company decided to focus instead on heavy construction equipment and sought to capitalize on the passage of the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921. Laden with debt and needing more capital to switch its product line, the company struggled to move forward.
Both the Holt Manufacturing Company and C. L. Best were hurt by the depression of 1920–21 which further inhibited sales. Both companies streamlined their over-lapping product lines. The two companies had spent about US$1.5 million (about $ today) in legal fees fighting each other in various contractual, trademark and patent infringement lawsuits since 1905, but, on the advice of investors, the two companies merged in 1925 to form the Caterpillar Tractor Co. In 2010, Caterpillar Inc. was the 229th largest company in the world.
Company origins.
Charles H. Holt arrived in San Francisco from Concord, New Hampshire, in 1864 to form C. H. Holt and Co. Initially the company produced wooden wheels for wagons and, later on, steel wheels for streetcars. In 1869, at age 20, his younger brother Benjamin went to work in their father's sawmill in New Hampshire along with William Harrison Holt and Ames Frank Holt, preparing hardwoods for shipping to Charles in San Francisco. William and Ames joined Charles in San Francisco in 1871.
In the same year, Charles and Ames established the Holt Brothers Company in San Francisco. The company sold hardwood, lumber, and wagon and carriage materials, primarily manufacturing wagon axles, wheels, and frames. W. Harrison Holt and Ames both temporarily returned around 1871 to New Hampshire – where both were married – to manage the eastern business. The brothers built a factory in Concord, New Hampshire, to manufacture wagon wheels, wheel components, bodies and running gear. In 1872, at age 23, Benjamin was given an interest in his father's business, and he assumed more responsibility for the company's operations. W. Harrison Holt moved to Tiffin, Ohio, to manage the company's lumber business there, where he remained until the early 1880s. Their mother died in 1875, and their father died eight years later in 1883. After his father's death, Benjamin Holt left New Hampshire in 1883 to help Charles build the business in California.
Charles, Benjamin and Frank incorporated the Holt Bros. Company on January 7, 1892, to deal in lumber and iron. Four days later, they also filed incorporation papers for "Holt Manufacturing Company" with Charles H. Holt, Benjamin Holt, Frank A. Holt, G. H. Cowie and G. L. Dickenson as directors.
The Holt Bros. Company formed a subsidiary, the "The Stockton Wheel Company", to build the wheels. They based their company in the warm Central Valley town of Stockton, California. Stockton was an ideal location, as it could be reached by sea-going ship via the San Joaquin River, east of San Francisco, and was hot enough to season woods in a way that would prepare them for use in the arid valleys of California and the deserts of the West. The factory cost US$65,000 (or about $ ) to build and used a 40-horsepower Corliss steam engine that had been manufactured in Providence, Rhode Island, and shipped around Cape Horn. All of the plant's machines were driven by belts connected to the Corliss engine.
Brothers Charles and Benjamin eventually bought-out the other brothers, with Charles running the business side and Benjamin running manufacturing operations.
During the first year, the Holt subsidiary Stockton Wheel Company produced 6,000 wagon wheels and 5,000 carriage bodies. One of their most popular wheel types was in diameter and used by redwood loggers, who connected two of these wheels with a strong axle, and then attached a team of horses to pull logs from the forest.
Farm equipment and tractors.
In the late 19th century, there were a large number of companies across the world striving to build a practical horse-drawn combine harvester and other farm equipment. They soon moved on inventing steam-powered farm machinery and, later, designs for crawler-type tractors. More than 100 patents were issued for various crawler designs. Holt began manufacturing horse-drawn combine harvesters in the 1890s and converted to steam-power types around the start of the 20th century. Over the next few years, Benjamin Holt designed and manufactured the first successful crawler-type tractor and designed a gasoline engine (see "Tractor design", below.)
In California, the Best Manufacturing Company of San Leandro and the Holt Manufacturing Company were direct competitors. In 1905, they resolved a patent infringement lawsuit when Daniel Best retired and gave one-third of Best Manufacturing Company to his son, Clarence Leo ("C. L.") Best. He sold the remaining two-thirds to Benjamin Holt for US$325,000 (roughly equivalent to $ today). C. L. Best was made plant manager of the new concern, but Holt retained effective control. C. L. did not stay long, however, but left in 1910 to form the C. L. Best Gas Traction Company to replace his father's firm, resulting in further difficulties between the two men. Holt registered "Caterpillar" as a trademark in 1911.
Plant in Illinois.
Holt wanted to find manufacturing facilities closer to the vast agricultural markets of the midwest. Benjamin Holt's nephew, Pliny E. Holt, had been dispatched in March 1909 to Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he began manufacturing operations. They shipped parts for ten Model 45 tractors, but only two were produced. Pliny met Murray Baker, an implement dealer, who knew of an available factory that had been used to manufacture farm implements and steam traction engines. Baker, who later became the first executive vice president of what became Caterpillar Tractor Company, wrote to Holt headquarters in Stockton and described the plant of the bankrupt Colean Manufacturing Co. of East Peoria, Illinois. Pliny inspected the Colean factory in late June 1909 and learned they had spent at least $450,000 on the relatively new building and machinery. Holt could acquire the assets for the $50,000 note held by a trust company. Pliny Holt wrote a letter to the Stockton management team on July 1, 1909, reporting, "The plant is as complete and perfect in every detail as I have ever seen ... and one of the best arranged plants that I ever saw."
On October 25, 1909, Pliny Holt purchased the factory, and immediately began preparing the plant for operations with 12 employees.
The "Holt Caterpillar Company" was incorporated in both Illinois and California on January 12, 1910, and Pliny accepted the deed to the plant on Feb 16, 1910. East Peoria became Holt Manufacturing Company's eastern manufacturing plant, competing with the nearby Avery Tractor Company.
The Peoria facility proved so profitable that only two years later the Peoria facility employed 625 people and was exporting tractors to Argentina, Canada, and Mexico. Tractors were built in both Stockton and East Peoria.
Los Angeles Aqueduct.
In 1909, the engineers building the Los Angeles Aqueduct bought one of Holt's Model 70-120 tractors to haul supplies across the Mojave Desert. It effortlessly hauled up a 14% grade. They were so impressed that they ordered 26 more, giving the Holt tractor and the company considerable credibility and substantially boosting sales.
Subsidiaries merged.
In 1913, Holt merged its various companies into the Holt Manufacturing Company, with a combined capital of US$3 million. The merged subsidiaries were: the Stockton Wheel Co.; the Houser and Haines Manufacturing Company of Stockton; the Aurora Engine Company of Stockton; the Best Manufacturing Company of San Leandro; the Canadian Holt Company, Limited of Calgary; the Holt Manufacturing Company of Stockton; and the Holt Caterpillar Company of Peoria, Illinois.
Post-war challenges.
Holt tractors were widely used as artillery tractors during World War I and their capabilities and reliability had become well-known. Benjamin Holt also gained valuable experience securing government contracts. These capabilities separated him from his competition. Holt had obtained significant loans and begun a large expansion to meet the war planners' need for his tractors. Holt also made a steam powered tank for evaluation using Doble steam engines.
C. L. Best Gas Tractor Company had meanwhile concentrated on supplying the market for smaller agricultural tractors. Although Best did not make tractors for the war effort, they had secured promises from the federal government that they would be able to obtain all the steel required to continue building tractors for farmers during the war. As a result, Best had gained a considerable market advantage over Holt by war's end. Best also assumed considerable debt to allow it to continue expansion, especially production of its new Best Model 60 "Tracklayer".
When the war ended, Holt's planned expansion to meet the military's needs was no longer needed. The company was left in a difficult situation. The types of tractors needed by the military were very different from what farmers needed. Their situation was worsened as artillery tractors were brought back from Europe, depressing prices for new equipment and Holt's unsold inventory of military tractors. The company moved to focus less on agricultural machinery and more on producing road-building equipment. To keep the company afloat, they borrowed heavily.
Both companies were affected by the transition from a wartime to a peacetime economy, which contributed to a nationwide depression, further inhibiting sales.
On December 5, 1920, 71-year-old Benjamin Holt died after a month-long illness. Holt had been considered a "quiet and unassuming man who loved his work". He was well liked by his workers and dedicated a trust fund for employees who suffered financial difficulties.
Caterpillar company formed.
The banks who held the company's large debt forced the Holt board of directors to accept their candidate, Thomas A. Baxter, to succeed Benjamin Holt. Baxter was a former Boston banker who had joined the Holt company in 1913 as a business manager. The company struggled with the transition from wartime boom to peacetime bust. Baxter initially cut the large tractors from the company's product line and introduced smaller models focused on the agricultural market. When the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1921 funded a US$1 billion federal highway building program, Baxter began focusing company assets towards road construction. Along with the C. L. Best Gas Traction Company, formed by Clarence Leo Best in 1910, Holt faced fierce competition with the Fordson company.
Between 1907 and 1918, Best and Holt had spent about US$1.5 million in legal fees fighting each other. The two companies competed economically and intellectually: Benjamin Holt had 47 patents in his name, while his nephew Pliny Holt had 38 patents; Best founder Daniel Best received 42 patents and his son C. L. Best had 27 patents.
Harry H. Fair of the bond brokerage house of Pierce, Fair & Company of San Francisco was involved in funding C. L. Best's debt, when Holt shareholders approached him about their company's financial plight. He concluded that both companies might not survive and recommended that the Holt and Best companies should consolidate operations. In April and May 1925, the financially stronger C. L. Best merged with the market leader Holt Caterpillar to form the Caterpillar Tractor Co. Baxter had been removed as CEO earlier in 1925, and Clarence Leo Best assumed the title of CEO, and remained in that role until October 1951. The new company was headquartered in San Leandro until 1930, when under the terms of the merger it was moved to Peoria.
The Caterpillar company consolidated its product lines, offering only five track-type tractors: the 2 Ton, 5 Ton, and 10 Ton from the Holt Manufacturing Company's old product line and the and from the C. L. Best Tractor Co.'s former product line. The 10 Ton and 5 Ton models were discontinued in 1926. In 1928, the 2 Ton was discontinued. The first completely new tractor produced after the union of the two companies was the 1929 Caterpillar L20.
After Benjamin Holt's death in 1920, William K. "Bill" Holt formed the first Caterpillar dealership in Mexico. In 1933, he was authorized to operate the dealership for the 60 southern counties of Texas. The company merged with another Holt business and was renamed HOLT CAT. It continues as the largest Caterpillar dealerships in the United States.
As of 2010, Caterpillar Inc. was the 229nd largest company in the world, 
In 2011, Caterpillar was the best-performing stock last year among the 30 companies in the Dow Jones industrial average with a market value of US$45.13 billion. Caterpillar is one of the 30 companies whose stock is tracked in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It is a Fortune 500 company, ranked number 229 in 2010, and first in its industry, with more than $67 billion in assets.
Tractor design.
Horse-drawn combine harvester.
Among his brothers, Benjamin showed himself to be the most technically adept. He saw the need for farm machinery and expanded the company's line to include farm equipment, including combine harvesters and the steam-powered traction engines required to pull them through the fields. In 1883, Benjamin Holt produced his first horse-drawn "Link-Belt Combined Harvester". It allowed a farmer to combine cutting and threshing grain into a single mechanical operation, enabling farmers to cut more wheat in one pass, increasing productivity and cutting labor hours nearly in half. One key innovation Holt implemented was using flexible chain belts rather than gears to transmit power from the ground wheels to the working parts of the machine.
In 1886, the company sold its first combine harvester. It had a cutting bar and was pulled by an 18-horse team. The largest combine Stockton Wheel Co. manufactured had a cutting bar. In comparison, large modern combines have a cutting bar. Some of the Holt combines needed as many as 40 horses to operate.
Holt adapted the combine to work on slopes. He added two separate wooden frames which enabled the drive wheels to be raised or lowered independently. This allowed the combine to operate on slopes as steep as 30 degrees while the threshing machine remained level. In 1890, Holt built his first experimental steam traction engine, nicknamed "Old Betsy". Built on a frame, it developed from a single cylinder (, ). The firebox could burn wood, coal, or oil as fuel. Carrying of water, the traction engine weighed and rode on huge metal wheels. Holt's tractors were popular despite their weight and awkward size because they could harvest large fields for one-sixth the cost of a horse-drawn combine. Foresters soon adapted them to haul redwood logs out of road-less forests. By 1897, the company had about 200 employees and had sold over 800 of their combined harvesters in California. Holt Manufacturing made about 130 steam-powered tractors between 1890 and 1904.
The steam tractors were extremely heavy, sometimes weighing per horsepower, and often sank into the rich, soft earth of the San Joaquin Valley Delta farmland surrounding Stockton, California. Holt tried to solve the problem by increasing the size and width of the wheels, but this also made the tractors increasingly complex, expensive and difficult to maintain. One tractor had wheels tall and wide, producing a tractor wide. Holt could spend hours in his private workshop, and experimented by adding multiple wheels and ultimately with a track-laying technique.
First workable crawling tread.
Many people had attempted to add tracks to moving machines. Over 100 patents had already been issued worldwide, but all failed to work in practical situations. In 1903 Benjamin Holt paid Alvin Lombard US$60,000 for the right to produce vehicles under Lombard's patent for the Lombard Steam Log Hauler. The center of innovation was in England, and in the same year Holt traveled to England to learn more about ongoing development. During that period, the chief engineer (and managing director) of Richard Hornsby & Sons in Grantham, England, David Roberts, was experimenting with a "chain-track". Hornsby's design incorporated a steering clutch that varied the speed of each set of wheels, allowing the operator to turn the tractor by retarding one tread or the other. Roberts of Hornsby & Sons obtained a patent for their design in July 1904.
By December 1903, Holt wielded considerable influence over former competitors, including Houser-Haines Manufacturing and Mattison-Williamson Works.
Holt returned to Stockton and applied his skills and his company's expertise in metallurgy, design, and testing to develop a workable track-laying system. He replaced the wheels on a Holt steamer, No. 77, with a set of wooden tracks bolted to chains. On Thanksgiving Day, November 24, 1904, he successfully tested the updated machine plowing the soggy delta land of Roberts Island. Company photographer Charles Clements was reported to have observed that the tractor crawled like a caterpillar, and Holt seized on the metaphor. "Caterpillar it is. That's the name for it!" Others reported that Holt got the name from British troops who witnessed a working prototype of Hornsby's track-type vehicle in July 1907. Continuous tracks allowed practical cultivation of the rich farmland on an industrial scale. The invention also allowed planters to reclaim thousands of acres of delta land previously unusable for farming.
Holt began producing models under the Caterpillar brand. His first production model had a dual-track frame high by wide by long. Its tracks used slats made of the same redwood used previously to produce wagon wheels. Holt sold the first model of steam-powered tractor crawlers for US$5,500. By 1915, the Holt company employed 1,000 workers in its Stockton plant. Nearly 2,000 Caterpillar crawlers had been sold in more than 20 countries.
Gasoline engines.
Pliny E. Holt, the son of Benjamin's half-brother, William Harrison Holt, had been working with Stockton Wheel Company for the past nine years. In 1906, he was named president of the newly formed Aurora Engine Company, named after Aurora Street in Stockton where it was located. The new company manufactured gasoline engines to replace the large, heavy steam boilers used to power the earlier Holt tractors. A gasoline engine considerably reduced the overall size and weight of a tractor, produced more power per pound of weight, and reduced the tractor's cost, making it more cost-effective and affordable. Holt's most popular gasoline engine tractor was a Model 75, weighing with a engine. Pliny was also treasurer of another subsidiary, the Houser and Haines Manufacturing Company of Stockton, from 1905–09.
As well as having a better power-to-weight ratio, a gasoline-engined tractor required fewer men to operate it. Competing steam engines typically required a crew of seven, including one highly skilled and well-paid, licensed "farm engineer". He was responsible for rising in the middle of the night to start the boiler fire to get up steam by first light. Steam traction boilers had a huge need for water and fuel, either coal or wood. Much of the seven-man crew's time was spent keeping it fueled.
Tiller wheel.
C. L. Best introduced a crawler tractor in 1913 that was virtually a carbon copy of Holt's design. Holt's tractors had a conventional wheel on the front, which was used to steer, and crawling-type wheels on the back, but otherwise looked very similar to a traction engine. During 1914, both Best and Holt introduced models without the front "tiller" or steering wheel. Holt offered the Caterpillar 45 and Best introduced his C. L. Best Model 40 "Tracklayer".
Patents and trademark disputes.
Benjamin Holt aggressively defended his patents and was quick to sue anyone he felt might infringing on his rights. In June 1899, he claimed that the Haines-Houser's tractors used certain devices for which Holt held the trademark. Holt sent all farmers who owned Haines-Houser tractors in Yolo County, California, a letter containing a demand that they stop using the competitor's harvesters or face a lawsuit. In the same month he sued William W. Nelson, George W. Bailey, Henry K. Heiken, Hugh A. Logan, William Sullivan and three other Sullivans for infringement of his patents for "traveling threshers and combined harvesters." The defendants successfully filed a demurrer, getting the suit dismissed 16 months later. Competitors latched onto Holt's litigious nature and warned farmers considering buying his equipment that they might be prosecuted for patent infringement.
Holt payment to Best.
In 1905, a patent infringement lawsuit ensued between the two. After three years of legal battles, the two companies decided to settle out of court. The parties resolved two suits when Holt made a cash payment to C. L. Best and provided C. L. Best a license giving them access to all Holt patents applying to manufacturing the C. L. Best's "Tracklayers." In 1916, C. L. Best bought his father's old factory in San Leandro, which Holt had closed after acquiring the company. C. L. Best built a new factory on the same location. His company gained attention for its continued improvements to its products.
Holt buys Lombard patent.
Holt received a patent on December 7, 1907, for his improved "Traction Engine" ("improvement in vehicles, and especially of the traction engine class; and included endless traveling platform supports upon which the engine is carried"). In 1908, he designed a gasoline engine to power the tractor.
Although Holt had paid Alvin Orlando Lombard US$20,000 in 1903 (about $ today) for rights to use his patents, Lombard visited Holt in 1910 complaining of patent infringement. In the opinion of Holt's "very expensive lawyers", they concluded that Lombard's patents had little value due to prior art. So when Lombard visited, Holt calmly took him on a leisurely country drive in his Oldsmobile roadster, and when Lombard raised the issue of money, Holt merely suggested that they divide the country. Lombard should take up the Northern woods and Holt would take the remainder of the nation. Holt promised to write a letter to that effect, although he never did.
Best invalidates Lombard patent.
In 1915, the C. L. Best Gas Traction Co. exhibited its new "Tracklayer" at the California state fair. Holt once again sued, this time for patent infringement. C. L. Best thought that his best defense was to prove that Holt's patents violated Lombard's patents. One of Best's lawyers, Henry Montgomery, visited Lombard and sought his assistance as a friendly witness. Lombard was more than friendly. He allegedly responded, "By God, young man, I'm glad to see you. If God Almighty could charter me to kill a man, I'd get on the train and go to California and kill old Ben Holt." Best bought all rights to Lombard's 1901 and 1907 patents for $20,000, which pre-dated Holt's "crawler" patents also purchased from Lombard. Holt's earlier rights to the Lombard patents were annulled and Best counter-sued Holt.
Caterpillar trademark.
Holt was credited with producing the first practical continuous tracks for use with tractors and he registered "Caterpillar" as a trademark in 1911. Since Holt had trademarked "Caterpillar", Best named his tractors "Tracklayers". In 1911, Holt began building the "Holt Model 60 Caterpillar" in its Stockton plant and a "Holt Model 40-60 Caterpillar" at its East Peoria factory. Additional models followed, including the "Holt Model 60-75 Caterpillar", which sold very well, eventually renamed as the "Holt Model 75 Caterpillar", their best-selling front tiller-wheeled tractor.
New Best competitor re-emerges.
In 1910, Daniel Best's son C. L. Best left the Holt Manufacturing Company where he had been general manager and re-established his father's company under the name C. L. Best Gas Traction Co. in Elmhurst, near San Leandro, California. Holt immediately sued, claiming breach of contract and infringement because as owner of the Best Manufacturing Company, he believed he also owned the "Best" name. Holt did not prevail and Best continued to produce tractors that directly competed with Holt's models.
Holt continued to innovate and worked to build a tractor that could perform rugged tasks yet was not heavy itself. He fitted adjustable blades onto his tractors and hired them out to grade roads and move soil and rock for construction purposes. By 1916, Holt had sold over 2,000 tractors worldwide.
Early military uses.
The concept of a half-wheeled, half-tracked vehicle appeared in the United States around 1916. The Holt company was one of the earliest manufacturers, which attached its crawling tread mechanism to an ordinary 4x2 truck of about three tons' capacity, replacing the rear drive axle.
In England, starting in 1911, David Roberts of Richard Hornsby & Sons had attempted to interest British military officials in a tracked vehicle, but failed. Holt bought the patents related to the "chain track" track-type tractor from Richard Hornsby & Sons in 1914 for £4,000. Unlike the Holt tractor which had a steerable tiller wheel in front of the tracks, the Hornsby crawler was steered by controlling power to each track.
When World War I broke out, with the problem of trench warfare and the difficulty of transporting supplies to the front, the pulling power of crawling-type tractors drew the attention of the military. Company Vice-President and general manager Pliny Holt had retired and traveled to Washington D.C. to offer his services, and was appointed by , Chief of Ordnance, to serve as chairman of the board organized to handle the production of the "Caterpillar" Artillery program.
The British War Office ordered a Holt tractor and put it through trials at Aldershot. Although it was not as powerful as the Foster-Daimler tractor, the Holt was better suited to haul heavy loads over uneven ground. Without a load, the Holt tractor managed a walking pace of . Towing a load, it could manage . Most importantly, Holt tractors were readily available in quantity. The War Office was suitably impressed and chose it as a gun-tractor.
The Holt 75 model gasoline-powered tractor was the first "standard" tractor adopted in quantity. Holt vice president Murray M. Baker reported that the tractors weighed about and had . The company could not meet the demand for their tractors and licensed other manufacturers to build their design. Holt tractors built under license in Budapest were used by the Austro-Hungarian Army in World War I.
Over the next four years, they became a major artillery tractor, mainly used to haul medium guns like the 6-inch howitzer, the 60-pounder, and later the 9.2-inch howitzer.
Hauled artillery and supplies.
The Allies used crawler tractors to replace horses for hauling artillery and other supplies. The full advantages of a track-laying vehicle appear not to have been realized until they were used in the quagmire of Northern France. The tracks allowed it to negotiate terrain that was impassable to horse teams and wheeled vehicles. The Quartermaster Corps also used them to haul long trains of freight wagons over the unimproved dirt tracks behind the front. However, the Holt tractor really proved its usefulness when in October 1917, Britain and France each sent six divisions to assist the Italians. The Holt tractor ferried the supplies and ammunition over the steep and twisting mountain roads in less than two weeks. Two companies of Holt tractors with the dual role of gun-tractors and supply trains were based at Mesopotamia.
Holt tractors were also the inspiration for the development of tanks, which profoundly altered ground warfare tactics. In Europe, Major Ernest Swinton, sent to France as an army war correspondent, very soon saw the potential of a track-laying tractor. He proposed to Sir Maurice Hankey, Secretary of the Committee of Imperial Defence, that the British build a power-driven, bullet-proof, tracked vehicle that could destroy enemy machine-guns. The idea was initially ignored until Winston Churchill, First Lord of the Admiralty, learned of it. The War Office discarded the idea of using the Holt tractor, but the Admiralty Landships Committee, formed in February 1915 by Churchill, pursued the idea and chose to use a British firm, Foster and Sons, whose managing director and designer was Sir William Tritton. Although Holt parts were not used in British tank development, several important figures were inspired to investigate the possibilities of tracked fighting vehicles by contact with Holt machines. The French also purchased Holts from the USA and, quite independently, used them as the basis for their own early tanks, the Schneider and Saint-Chamond. Later in the War, Holt tractors commandeered by the Austro-Hungarian army and loaned to the Germans formed the basis of the German A7V tank.
By 1916, about 1,000 of Holt's Caterpillar tractors were in use by the British in World War I. By the end of the war, the British War Office had received 2,100 Holt tractors, about 1,800 of the Holt Model 45 "Caterpillars"; 1,500 of the Holt Model 75 "Caterpillars", and 90 of the Holt six-cylinder Model 120 "Caterpillars", about one-eighth of approximately 5,000 Holt vehicles used by all Allied forces.
U.S. tank prototypes.
In Washington, Pliny Holt supervised the design and building of 10 Ton, 5 Ton, and 2.5 Ton artillery tractors based on the "Caterpillar" crawler tractor design, at the request of the Naval Consulting board, which work was finally completed in conjunction with the engineers of the Westinghouse company. The first tank Holt built was the Holt Gas-Electric, utilizing a combined gasoline-electric propulsion. A Holt four cylinder engine produced power for a G.E.C. generator, which in its turn provided current to drive two electric motors, one motor for each track. The first prototype was the "Caterpillar" Mark I Gun Mount, which carried an howitzer, weighed and had a road speed of to . Additional prototypes were produced, including the "Mark II" and "Mark III", and the "Mark IV", which departed slightly from the prior models. Pliny completed a preliminary study of a one-man tank which was later built by the Ford company. The prototypes were rejected after trials found that their size and maneuverability did not offer the relative agility required by a tank for cross-country travel.
Holt also produced the world's first self-propelled artillery, a 75mm gun that could travel at , exceeding the military requirement of , and climb a 45-degree slope. Before the work could be completed, the Armistice was signed and the war ended. Self-propelled artillery however did not garner attention again until the end of the 1930s, just before World War II.
During 1919, Pliny Holt returned to Stockton and the Holt company where the "Mark VII" was designed and built. It had a gun mounted and ran at a top speed of . In 1921, the company finished the "Mark VI", which achieved speeds of up to on a test run from Stockton to San Francisco and back.

</doc>
<doc id="19742218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742218" title="Peringia">
Peringia

Peringia is a genus of very small snails with gills and an operculum, gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.
This genus has become a synonym for "Hydrobia" Hartmann, 1821.
These snails live in intermediate habitats at high tide level, on mud, in protected estuarine and coastal areas. Because of this habitat these snails are sometimes categorized as marine, sometimes as aquatic in general, and sometimes are included in lists of land snails.

</doc>
<doc id="19742235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742235" title="Roupeiro">
Roupeiro

Roupeiro is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Alentejo and Douro regions. In Alentejo, the grape is known as Alva. In the Douro, it is known as Codega. 

</doc>
<doc id="19742236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742236" title="2004 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana">
2004 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana

The 2004 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Valencia in Spain and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 12 through April 18, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19742238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742238" title="Glycinol">
Glycinol

Glycinol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742242" title="Bulgoksan">
Bulgoksan

Bulgoksan (불곡산; 佛谷山) is the name of two mountains in South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="19742264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742264" title="Åke Söderblom">
Åke Söderblom

Åke Söderblom (20 January 1910 – 22 May 1965) was a Swedish actor, screenwriter and songwriter (one of his songs is "Kan du vissla Johanna?"). He appeared in 70 films between 1933 and 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="19742275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742275" title="Har Hamor">
Har Hamor

Yeshivat Har Hamor is a Religious Zionism yeshiva in Jerusalem, founded in 1997 as an offshoot of Yeshivat Merkaz Harav. The president of the yeshiva is Rabbi Tzvi Tau, and its other heads are Rabbis Amiel Sternberg and Mordechai Sternberg. There are currently around 400 students. Many are married ("avrechim"), and the average student age is higher than at most Religious Zionist yeshivas.
The name means "mountain of myrrh", based on Song of Songs 4:6, a phrase which in Jewish tradition refers to the Temple Mount. The word "HaMoR" is also an acronym for "Hemshech [=continuation of] Merkaz haRav".
History.
The yeshiva was founded when a group of rabbis, led by Rabbi Tau, separated from Merkaz Harav. The broader cause of the separation was a disgreement between Rabbi Avraham Shapira, head of Merkaz Harav, and Rabbi Tau about the best approach for Torah education. The immediate cause was Rabbi Tau's opposition to the establishment of a teacher's college in the yeshiva - which in his opinion would damage the purity of the yeshiva's approach to Torah study. Much tension existed between the camps at the time, but it has declined with time. This was the first time a Religious Zionist yeshiva has split.
The yeshiva has been located at sites in several neighborhoods in western Jerusalem - Kiryat Menachem, then Bayit Vegan, and since 2008 in Kiryat Hayovel. There are future plans to move to the Har Homa neighborhood.
Ideology.
The yeshiva follows the teachings of Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook and his son Rabbi Tzvi Yehuda Kook. It has a mamlachti ("statist") approach which sees special holiness in the institution of the State of Israel, which Rabbi Kook (the elder) termed "God's throne in the world". The yeshiva stands at the head of a number of institutions also connected to Rabbi Tau, which together are known as "yeshivot hakav" (yeshivas that follow the line).
In addition to the study of Talmud with the traditional commentators (Rishonim and Achronim), the yeshiva puts an emphasis on the study of Jewish thought ("machshava") according to the approach of Rabbi Kook.
Students typically serve in the Israeli army in a framework called "hesder Merkaz", as in Yeshivat Merkaz Harav.

</doc>
<doc id="19742282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742282" title="Laroche-Valmont">
Laroche-Valmont

Jean-Quentin Gérard, better known by his stage name Laroche-Valmont, is a French singer and a press publisher. His 1984 single "T'as le Look Coco" made him a one-hit wonder.
Publishing career.
In the early 1980s, he created several magazines such as "Hit magazine", "Stéphanie", "Super Géant", "Privé" and books on Claude François, Mesrine, Nostradamus and Coluche.
Music career.
In 1984, he had success with his hit "T'as le look coco", which peaked at #7 on the SNEP singles chart. His later singles including "Tonsign atoi sekoi", "Alors... heureuse ?", "Faut pas décoder" and "Petite fille de branchés moyens" passed almost unnoticed and failed to be ranked. He performed two shows: "Break Dance & Smurf" (1983–1984) and "T'as le look fluo" (1985–1989), which he performed on more than 1,000 occasions. After the last of his singles were released, he stopped his singing career and once again took up his work as magazine a publisher, including the publications "R.A.P. R&B" and "ROCKMAG".

</doc>
<doc id="19742286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742286" title="West Hill, Brighton">
West Hill, Brighton

West Hill is an area of Brighton and Hove, East Sussex 
situated on the east-facing hill rising west from Brighton railway station towards Seven Dials. The area is bounded by Dyke Road to the west, by the curve of the railway line and the station to the north and east, and by modern development along Queen's Road (with the North Laine area beyond) to the south-east. 
The area is mainly residential consisting of late 19th century housing of varying types: small terraced houses in the east of the area close to the station, and larger semi-detached villa-style properties to the west.
West Hill was designated a conservation area in 1977 and comprises approximately .
Brighton railway station is in the West Hill area. It is a Grade II* listed building—one of 70 in the city of Brighton and Hove (as of February 2001).
The West Hill Community Association is active in the West Hill area of Brighton and is based in West Hill Hall in Compton Avenue. Since the 1970s, it produces a community magazine 6 times a year called "The Whistler".

</doc>
<doc id="19742293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742293" title="Gold bromide">
Gold bromide

Gold bromide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742300" title="Aerial Gunner">
Aerial Gunner

Aerial Gunner is a 1943 American war film directed by William H. Pine and starring Chester Morris, Richard Arlen and Jimmy Lydon. Robert Mitchum, Kirk Alyn and Jeff Corey make uncredited appearances. The film was shot at the air gunner training school at Harlingen Air Force Base Texas.
Plot.
Jon Davis is a policeman who consoles 'Foxy' Pattis at his shooting gallery that his criminal father has died. Foxy blames all policeman for his father's death feeling they harassed him all his life and thus were responsible for his death. Both enlist in the United States Army Air Forces where Foxy is the instructor and an aerial gunnery school and tries to drive Jon, now a "Flying Sergeant" student out of the school. In addition to the hostility of his instructor Foxy, Jon befriends a young Texas boy, Sandy, whose father was an airman killed at the Japanese attack on Hickam Field. Sandy invites Jon and Foxy to his family's ranch where both men fall for Sandy's sister Peggy.
After graduation Jon is commissioned as a pilot with many of his classmates now the crew of his B-34 Lexington light bomber including Foxy. During a bombing mission against the Japanese the plane is shot down behind enemy lines with the crew using their talents to get their craft back in the air to continue the fight.

</doc>
<doc id="19742313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742313" title="Arinto">
Arinto

Arinto or Arinto de Bucelas is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Bucelas, Tejo and Vinho Verde regions. It can produce high acid wines with lemon notes. 
Synonyms.
Arinto is also known under the synonyms Arintho, Arintho du Dao, Arinto Cachudo, Arinto Cercial, Arinto d'Anadia, Arinto de Bucelas, Arinto do Douro, Arinto Galego, Asal Espanhol, Asal Galego, Assario branco, Boal Cachudo, Branco Espanhol, Cerceal, Chapeludo, Malvasia Fina, Pe de Perdiz branco, Pederna, and Pedernao.
Arinto (or Arintho) is also part of the name of, or a synonym of other varieties. Notably, Arinto is a synonym of Malvasia Fina and Loureiro blanco, and Arinto tinto is a synonym of Tempranillo.

</doc>
<doc id="19742327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742327" title="2005 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana">
2005 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana

The 2005 Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Valencia, Spain. The tournament was held from April 4 to April 11.

</doc>
<doc id="19742334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742334" title="Don McAllister">
Don McAllister

Don McAllister (born 26 May 1953 in Radcliffe, Lancashire) is an English former professional footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers, Tottenham Hotspur, Charlton Athletic, Tampa Bay Rowdies, Vitoria Setubal, and Rochdale.
Football career.
McAllister joined local club Bolton Wanderers as an apprentice in June 1970. As a central defender he played on 156 occasions including one as substitute and scoring twice. He signed for Spurs in February 1975 in a £80,000 transfer deal where he went on to make 209 appearances including five as sub and scoring ten goals in all competitions. During his career at the club he was a member of the 1977 relegation side and the 1978 team that won promotion and played a part in the FA Cup winning squad of 1980-81. In the summer of 1977, he went on loan to the Washington Diplomats of the North American Soccer League. Mc Allister joined Charlton Athletic in August 1981, he featured in 55 matches and netting six goals. In 1984 he played one game for the Tampa Bay Rowdies. He finished his first class career at Rochdale after a further three appearances.
After football.
McAllister emigrated to Sydney, Australia, where he works as a finance manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19742337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742337" title="Velino">
Velino

The Velino ia a river in central Italy, an affluent of the Nera river. Its source is located on Monte Pozzoni's slopes (1,903 m) near Cittareale. Aftwards it runs through a narrow valley next the Mount Terminillo, known as "Gole del Vento" ("Wind's Ravines") and, near Antrodoco, receives the Peschiera Springs, which have a discharge of some 60 m³/s (some is sent to Rome) through an aqueduct.
Then it receives the waters of the left affluents Salto and Turano, and then enters the plain of Rieti, where its discharge if further increased by other minor streams. Near Papigno, it falls into the Nera forming the famous Cascate delle Marmore falls.
In pre-Romans times the river ended into a marsh within the plain of Rieti. The falls were created by consul Manius Curius Dentatus and enlarged in medieval times, being updated to the current state in the 18th century by architect Andrea Vici.

</doc>
<doc id="19742348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742348" title="Navagunjara">
Navagunjara

In the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Navagunjara is a creature composed of nine different animals. The animal is a common motif in the Pata-Chitra style of painting, of the Indian state of Odisha. The beast is considered a form of the Hindu god Vishnu, or of Krishna, who is considered an Avatar (incarnation) of Vishnu. It is considered a variant of the "virat-rupa" (Omnipresent or vast) form of Krishna, that he displays to Arjuna, as mentioned in the Bhagavad Gita, a part of the epic Mahabharata.
The version of the Mahabharata, written by the Oriya poet Sarala Dasa, narrates the legend of Navagunjara; no other version has the story. Once, when Arjuna was doing penance on a hill, Krishna-Vishnu appears to him as Navagunjara. Navagunjara has the head of a rooster, and stands on three feet, those of an elephant, tiger and deer or horse; the fourth limb is a raised human arm carrying a lotus or a wheel. The beast has the neck of a peacock, the back or hump of a bull and the waist of a lion; the tail is a serpent. Initially, Arjuna was terrified as well as mesmerized by the strange creature and raises his bow to shoot it. Finally, Arjuna realizes that Navagunjara is a manifestation of Vishnu and drops his weapons, bowing before Navagunjara.
The Navagunjara-Arjuna scene is sculpted at the northern side of the Jagannath Temple, Puri.
Navagunjara is also depicted in Ganjifa playing cards as the King card and Arjuna as the minister card, in parts of Orissa, mainly in Puri District and Ath-Rangi Sara in Ganjam District, Orissa. This set is known as Navagunjara.

</doc>
<doc id="19742355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742355" title="Arrufiac">
Arrufiac

Arrufiac (or Arrufiat) is a white French wine grape variety that is primarily planted in the Gascony region of South West France. It is a secondary grape in the wines from the Pacherenc du Vic-Bilh "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC). While the grape has had a long history being blended with Petit Courbu in Gascon wines, it has only recently experienced a resurgence of interest in the late 20th century following the release of white blends from Andrė Dubosc of Producteurs Plaimont, one of the region's largest co-operative wineries, in the 1980s.
Wine regions.
Arrufiac has had a long history of use in the wines of Gascony, particularly those from the AOC region of Pacherenc du Vic-Bilh near Madiran and those from the Béarn AOC in the Vic-Bilh hills.
There, the grape was often blended with Petit Courbu which, along with Arrufiac's distinctive gunflint aroma, gave the wines of Pacherenc du Vic-Bilh a distinctive contrast to the white wines of nearby Jurançon. Additionally, winemakers in Gascony have blended Arrufiac with the other grapes of Jurançon, Petit Manseng and Gros Manseng.
Wine styles.
Arrufiac is used primarily as a blending wine with its medium body and relatively low alcohol levels for a wine grown in southern France. In blends, its main contribution is in the aroma and bouquet, with wines featuring Arrufiac often marked by a distinctive gunflint note.
Synonyms.
Arrufiac and its wines are known under a variety of synonyms including Ambre, Arafiat, Arrefiac, Arrefiat, Arrufiat, Arufiat, Raffiac, Raffiat, Refiat, Rouffiac Femelle, Ruffiac, Ruffiac Blanc, and Rufiat.

</doc>
<doc id="19742360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742360" title="Bulgoksan (Yangju)">
Bulgoksan (Yangju)

Bulgoksan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. It is in the city of Yangju. Bulgoksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19742363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742363" title="Harry Peacock">
Harry Peacock

Harry Peacock (14 February 1909–16 March 1996) was a Welsh international rugby union flanker who played rugby union for Newport. He won six caps for Wales and faced two international touring teams with Newport.
Peacock played with several club and invitational teams throughout his rugby career. His first major club team was Pontypool, before moving to Newport in 1925. While with Newport, Peacock faced the touring New South Wales Waratahs in 1927 and he was chosen to play against the 1931 touring South Africans. As a police officer he was also selected to play with police teams such as the Monmouthshire Police and also turned out for invitational team Crawshays
Personal history.
Born in Newport in 1909, Peacock was educated at St Woolos School and then Municipal Secondary School. From school he became an apprentice engineer before then joining the Monmouthshire Constabulary as a police officer. He joined the British Army in 1943, remaining in the Forces until 1946, holding the rank of Major on demobilisation. He was seconded to the Allied Military Government for Germany, where he served for 11 years. On retirement he moved to Jersey, dying in France in 1996.
International career.
Peacock was first capped for Wales against Scotland on February 2, 1929 at St Helens. Wales beat the Scottish team, and in doing so denied the Scots the Grand Slam. Peacock scored a try on his debut and was selected to play in the next two games of the Championship under the captaincy of Guy Morgan. The next season Peacock was not selected for the opening game of the 1930 Five Nations Championship against England, but again was selected for the remaining games against Scotland, Ireland and France. Although losing to Scotland, Wales won the next two games. During the game against Ireland, Peacock scored a joint try with Swansea's Howie Jones; both men dived for the ball and the referee could not decide on the actual scorer. The record books show the try as a joint score. The final game of the tournament was against France and Wales won an overly violent match to finish the Championship in second place behind England. This was Peacock's last game for Wales.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="19742364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742364" title="Jesper Langberg">
Jesper Langberg

Jesper Langberg (born 20 October 1940) is a Danish film actor. He has appeared in over 50 films since 1965. He was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark.
Jesper Langberg is the son of actor Sigurd Langberg and younger brother of actor Ebbe Langberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19742375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742375" title="Emzarios Bentinidis">
Emzarios Bentinidis

Emzarios Bentinidis (born Emzar Bedineishvili on August 16, 1975 in Tbilisi) is a male freestyle wrestler from Greece. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost in Quarterfinal with Soslan Tigiev from Uzbekistan.
He won a bronze medal at 2008 European Wrestling Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19742378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742378" title="Filipino German">
Filipino German

Filipino German or German Filipino may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19742387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742387" title="Petite Arvine">
Petite Arvine

Petite Arvine is a white wine grape planted primarily in the Valais region of Switzerland. Total Swiss plantations of the variety in 2009 stood at .
Ampelographers believed it to be related to the Swiss grape Amigne, but DNA typing of Amigne has now cast a doubt on that.
Petite Arvine has a reputation as a high-class grape variety, and is seen as best "speciality grape" of the Valais. Its wines are rich in extract and are found as dry, medium-dry and sweet wines.
This textured wine contains a generous amount of extract from its thick-skinned berries. 
"The vintners regard it so highly that they dedicated an entire village to it." Fully, Switzerland – Official Swiss tourism website.
Overall, wines produced from this varietal are made of a high quality.
Synonyms and other 'Arvine' varieties.
Petite Arvine is also known under the synonyms Arvine and Arvine Petite.
Arvine Grande is another, much more rare, white Swiss variety. Arvine and Arvine Grande are both also used as synonyms for Silvaner.
Origin.
Derived from Latin the name indicates the vine may have come to Valais from the Savoyard Arve Valley.
Unfortunately most of the history behind this varietal remains a mystery.
Food pairing.
Petite Arvine can typically be enjoyed with cheese fondue and other typical Swiss foods. Seafoods like oysters and sushi make for a good pairing as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19742404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742404" title="Bulgoksan (Seongnam)">
Bulgoksan (Seongnam)

Bulgoksan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends over the cities of Seongnam and Gwangju. Bulgoksan has an elevation of . The name of Mountain is same with other mountain at Gyeonggi-do Yangju so it would be confusing.
There is a story that the name of mountain is become Bulgok because there were some temple site in the mountain. And also Jeongja-dong residents considered this mountain as holy mountain and had a ritual for a mountain spirit so that this mountain is also called as Mt.Seongduck or Mt.HyoJong.
Mt.Bulgok serve as citizen's resting area. They are at the southernmost of Seongnam green belt and they are between Jeongja-dong and Gumi-dong. There is a hang gliding take-off run at southwest and northeast.
Mt.Bulgok is designated trail with Mt.Youngjang by Seongnam. Its top which has 345m aptitude is near to Sunae,Jeongja,Gumi-dong. Mt.Bulgok is the mountain that is receiving lots of love from Budang citizens.
Handed down Story.
Mt.Bulgok's name is said to be originated from temple sites. Because some people in Jeongja-dong believed Mt.Bulgok is holy and had a ritual for a mountain spirit, it was called Mt.Seongduck. (In Hanja, seong means holy and duck means virtue.) 
Gol-An temple is writing their name as 骨安寺, but their name looks like just originated from Korean name. Mt.Bulgok is called by the name that related to Buddhism like other mountains' name in Bundang.
Hiking Course Information.
Mt.Bulgok's hiking course is 5.6 km long and it requires about 2hours half for each course. It has many rest area and athletic facilities for meditation. There are 129 places to take some rest. As the starting point of Seongnam's ridge line, citizens' access is quite often.
At Sunae, Buljeong, Jeongja, Gumi you can start the climbing. The roads that are connected behind the Korea Land and Housing Corporation is tough. The slope is high and rocky.

</doc>
<doc id="19742408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742408" title="Benjamin Sheppard">
Benjamin Sheppard

Benjamin Joseph Sheppard (23 June 1892 – 9 September 1931) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Melbourne and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Sheppard started out as a footballer at Xavier College before being recruited by Melbourne. He played four senior games with Melbourne in the 1911 VFL season and one for Richmond in 1912.
In 1914 he appeared in two first-class cricket matches for Victoria during a tour of Tasmania. A wicket-keeper, his highest score was 30, which he made at Launceston.

</doc>
<doc id="19742418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742418" title="1931–32 Prima Divisione">
1931–32 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1931-1932 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. Starting from 1930-31 season, the winners of the six groups of First Division would be admitted to the final rounds, where three tickets of promotion to Serie B were available, whereas the scheduled relegations were annulled by the Federation which expanded the division.
Final rounds.
Girone C.
G.S.F. Giovanni Grion Pola, F.C. Messina and S.G. Sampierdarenese promoted to Serie B 1932-33.

</doc>
<doc id="19742420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742420" title="HCB">
HCB

HCB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742427" title="Avesso">
Avesso

Avesso is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Minho region of Portugal. It can make full bodied aromatic wines. Ampelographers believe it maybe related to the Portuguese grape Jaen. 
Synonyms.
Avesso is also known under the synonyms Bornal, Bornao, Borracal Branco, and Borral.

</doc>
<doc id="19742440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742440" title="Peter Steen">
Peter Steen

Peter Steen (22 January 1936 – 7 February 2013) was a Danish film actor. Steen was born in Randers, Denmark, and appeared in over 50 films from 1964 onwards.
In 2004 Steen won a Bodil Award as best supporting actor for the 2003 film "Arven" ("The Inheritance").

</doc>
<doc id="19742446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742446" title="Azal branco">
Azal branco

Azal branco is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Minho region. It noted for the high acidity of its wines, and is used for white Vinho Verde. Varietal Azal Branco wines can be somewhat reminiscent of Riesling.
Total Portuguese plantations are around , which makes it the second-most planted grape variety of Minho, after Loureiro.
Synonyms.
Azal branco is also known under the synonyms Asal branco, Asal da Lixa, Azal bianco, Azal da Lixa, Carvalha, Carvalhal, Es Pinheira, Gadelhudo, and Pinheira.

</doc>
<doc id="19742478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742478" title="Industryplayer">
Industryplayer

IndustryPlayer and the webserver-based version IndustryMasters are business simulation games, -multiplayer on-line business strategy games based on a simulation of real world economy, developed by Tycoon Systems Ltd.
Participants take the role of an entrepreneur and compete with each other in real-time for market leadership and shareholder value. The game allows university students, business professionals and others to attempt to engineer a successful corporate environment. Participants can log into the Web-based tool to play individually or in groups and get an evaluation of their performance.
The game includes a real-time corporate accounting system, industry analysis tools, and scoring and debriefing features. 
IndustryPlayer Classic, the download version for use with Windows, simulates aspects of entrepreneurship: from strategy, investment and finance to the interactions with competitors, workforce, consumers, banks and the environment (CSR, Carbon Footprint).
The browser-based IndustryMasters edition is a business simulation game that allows students, business people and others to sharpen their entrepreneurial and strategic management skills by building their own company and competing in real-time against each other
IndustryMasters is available in multiple editions, which are customized for usage either in corporate learning, in MBA programs, colleges or for training people without a business background. Participants can play individually or with a team to develop a strategy, undertake an entrepreneurial start-up and compete with each other in a real-time multi-player competition.
"Serious games can be powerful educational tools, allowing users to experiment, learn from their mistakes and safely experience risky or dangerous situations... Examples of serious games include IndustryPlayer, a business simulation based on real-world data ..."
IndustryMasters and Tycoon Systems Ltd have been selected for the past five years (2006–2010) to run "Mousetrap" a major IIMA Confluence Event run at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA). The annual "Mousetrap" competition uses the IndustryMasters game to allow 1,800 students in 600 teams of 3 people compete for virtual market dominance.

</doc>
<doc id="19742490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742490" title="Baroque (grape)">
Baroque (grape)

Baroque (often spelled Barroque) is a white French wine grape planted primarily in South West France around the Tursan region. It can make full bodied wines with nutty flavors. Ampelographers suspect that the grape maybe a crossing of Folle Blanche (which it shares the synonym "Bordeleza zuria" with) and Sauvignon blanc.
History.
While the exact origins of the grape are not clear, ampelographers believe it may be descended from a crossing of the French white grapes Folle Blanche and Sauvignon blanc. While it was once grown throughout southwest France, today its plantings are primarily isolated to the Landes department which contains "Vin délimité de qualité supérieure" (VDQS) wine region of Tursan. In the 20th century, Baroque gained favor among vine growers because of its resistance to powdery mildew which decimated many other grape varieties. However, by the 1980s the grape was virtually on the edge of extinction because of the ripping out of vineyards in the Landes and converting the land to other agricultural and development enterprises.
Wine historian and expert Jancis Robinson notes that Baroque was saved from extinction by the efforts of chef Michel Guérard, owner of the 3 star Michelin rated restaurant "Les Prés d'Eugénie" in Eugénie-les-Bains. At the Tursan wine estate owned by himself and his wife, Guérard revived interest in the variety by producing an aromatic full-bodied Baroque-based that critics have described as "characterful".
Wine region.
The grape is almost exclusive to the South West France wine region of Tursan, with very little plantings of the grape to be found elsewhere in the world.
Wines.
Baroque produces a full-bodied wine with noticeable alcohol levels and weight. It shares many of the same aroma characteristics as Sauvignon blanc.
Synonyms.
Over the years, Baroque has had several synonyms including: Barake, Baroca, Baroke, Barroque, Blanc Bordelais, Bordelais, Bordelais blanc, Bordeleza zuria, Boudales, Bourdales, Claverie blanc, Escripet folle, Muscadelle de Nates, Petit Bordelais, Plant Bordelais and Sable blanc.

</doc>
<doc id="19742493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742493" title="Sisse Reingaard">
Sisse Reingaard

Sisse Reingaard (born 23 September 1946) is a Danish film actress. She appeared in 28 films between 1965 and 1980.
She was born in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19742494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742494" title="ILAUD">
ILAUD

ILAUD (or I.L.A. & U.D. International Laboratory of Architecture and Urban Design) is the acronym for International Laboratory of Architecture and Urban Design. Founded by Giancarlo De Carlo in 1976 on the same concepts that led to the founding of Team X. The laboratory in 27 years of existence has accepted some of the most prestigious international architects, often personal friends and colleagues of the director Giancarlo De Carlo (among others Peter and Allison Smithson Sverre Fehn Renzo Piano, and so on.) Bringing students from around the world to think and design in Italy. The ILAUD took place in a systematic way each year during the summertime in some of the most picturesque Italian city such as Venice, Siena and Urbino. While in the Tuscan city, the ILAUD participants studied the recovery of the Santa Maria della Scala in Siena.
In Venice many projects were made concerning the city itself and its surrounding. None of them were actually realised nor considered by the city Administration, although there were public exhibitions held.
Has produced numerous publications as a result of proposals made by the host city.
ILAUD Alumni.
Siena, - 1988
Venice, - 2002
Venice, - 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19742509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742509" title="1990 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France">
1990 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France

The 1990 Kangaroo Tour was the seventeenth Kangaroo Tour, where the Australian national rugby league team travelled to Europe and played eighteen matches against British and French rugby league teams, in addition to three Test matches. It followed a tour of 1986 and the next was staged in 1994.
This series is the closest the British team came to reclaiming the The Ashes since 1970. Great Britain won the first test at Wembley and in the second test the match was tied at 10 all until the final minutes when Australia scored a late try to win the game. Australia then went on to win the third and deciding Test. Australia won both Test series against Great Britain and France, suffering only one loss (against Great Britain in the first Test), and remaining undefeated against British clubs in a streak stretching back to 1978.
The squad's leadership.
The team was coached by Bob Fulton making his third Kangaroo Tour, though his first as coach. Mal Meninga was making a record third consecutive tour and his first as captain. Keith Barnes was team manager, along with Les Stokes.
Other staff included trainers Shaun McRae, Brian Hollis and the boxing trainer Johnny Lewis as team conditioner. Nathan Gibbs was team doctor and had made the controversial decision during the selection medicals to rule Kangaroo stalwart and likely captain Wally Lewis unfit for the tour and thus unable to make a third consecutive tour alongside Meninga.
Great Britain.
The Ashes series against Great Britain saw a record aggregate crowd of 133,684 attending the test series, easily beating the previous record of 101,560 set on the 1986 Kangaroo Tour.
The Ashes series.
In the first rugby league international played at Wembley for 17 years Ellery Hanley inspired a stirring first Test win in front of 54,569.
Despite a brilliant individual try in the second half to Mark McGaw and a try to Mal Meninga, the Aussies were in trouble all day with the Lions, led by inspirational captain Ellery Hanley and 5/8 Garry Schofield, led from the start with tries to Martin Offiah and a double to Paul Eastwood, who scored the winning try and also kicked 3 goals, giving Great Britain its second straight win over Australia and ending any hopes that the 1990 Tour would emulate the unbeaten 1982 and 1986 tours.
Great Britain were poised to reclaim The Ashes after twenty years with an intercept try by Paul Loughlin late in the match. Winger Paul Eastwood missed a simple conversion attempt that would have given his team the lead with time running out. However the match remained tied at 10 all until in the final minutes when Ricky Stuart charged through a gap in the Lions defense and ran 70m before passing to Mal Meninga in support who completed the length-of-the-field try to seal the match for Australia and force the series into a decider.
In the third and final test of The Ashes series, Australia kept alive their series streak (not having lost The Ashes since Great Britain won in 1970 and not having lost them in England since 1959), with a 14-0 win in front of a packed Elland Road in Leeds. Australia ran in three tries to nil with Mal Meninga, Andrew Ettingshausen and Benny Elias all crossing the line while the lions rarely threatened the Kangaroos line in the wet and slippery conditions.
Kangaroos captain Mal Meninga became just the third Australian to score a try in each test of an Ashes series following on from legendary try-scoring winger Ken Irvine (1963), and the most unlikely of the trio, front-row forward Sam Backo (1988).
Statistics.
Leading Try Scorer
Leading Point Scorer
Largest Attendance
Largest Club Game Attendance

</doc>
<doc id="19742513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742513" title="Pingaring, Western Australia">
Pingaring, Western Australia

Pingaring is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The name of the town is the Indigenous Australian name of a nearby spring that was first recorded by surveyors in 1926.
The town originated as a railway siding on the Hyden to Lake Grace line, with its location being decided in 1930. The townsite was gazetted in 1963.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19742516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742516" title="Bical">
Bical

Bical is a white Portuguese wine grape planted primarily in the Bairrada region. It can produce high acid wines and is often used in sparkling wine production.
Synonyms.
Bical is also known under the synonyms Arinto de Alcobaça, Barrado das Moscas, Bical de Bairrada, Borrado das Moscas (in the Dao), Pintado das Moscas, and Pintado dos Pardais. Bical and Bical Tinto are also used as synonyms for Touriga Nacional.

</doc>
<doc id="19742521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742521" title="William Grey">
William Grey

William Grey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742541" title="François-Joseph Bérardier de Bataut">
François-Joseph Bérardier de Bataut

François-Joseph Bérardier de Bataut (Paris 1720 - Paris 1794) was a French teacher, writer and translator living in the Age of Enlightenment. 
Biography.
François-Joseph Bérardier de Bataut is born in Paris in 1720. Having studied theology, he became professor of rhetoric at the Collège du Plessis a part of the University of Paris. He is the author, notably, of a "Précis de l’histoire universelle" (Treaty of Universal History) which was very much appreciated by his contemporaries, and of the "Essai sur le récit" (Essay on Narrative), a fictional dialogue on how to tell good stories, as well as the translator of Melchior de Polignac’s "L’Anti-Lucrèce".
Secondary sources.
Biographical articles.
Note that some biographical articles dating back to the beginning of the 19th century confuse François-Joseph Bérardier de Bataut and the abbot Denis Bérardier. The following list only indicates reliable sources. 

</doc>
<doc id="19742552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742552" title="List of aircraft (R)">
List of aircraft (R)

__NOTOC__
This is a list of aircraft in alphabetical order beginning with 'R'.
R.
Renard.
("Société Anonyme de Avions et Moteurs Renard") 
Republic.
"see also" Seversky
Roe.
"see also:" List of aircraft (A)#Avro
Roland.
See:LFG Roland
See also.
List of rocket planes
External links.
List of rocket planes

</doc>
<doc id="19742556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742556" title="Kate Collins (journalist)">
Kate Collins (journalist)

Kate Collins (born 6 April 1983 in Mt Gambier, South Australia) is an Australian television newsreader and the current weekdays news presenter with "Nine News Adelaide". Kate is the successor to Rob Kelvin, replacing him in 2011. Kate was formerly the presenter of the now-defunct Adelaide edition of "A Current Affair".
History.
Collins studied at Norwood Morialta High School, and later the University of Adelaide, and the University of South Australia. She has also worked as a weekend newsreader at Austereo Radio. Kate began training as a presenter at C31 Adelaide.
She joined NWS 9 in Adelaide in 2006 as a general reporter for "Nine News", and in 2007 began acting as fill-in news presenter on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="19742557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742557" title="Color marker">
Color marker

A Color marker is used to monitor the progress of agarose gel electrophoresis and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (PAGE) since DNA, RNA, and most proteins are colourless. They are also referred to as tracking dyes. 
Commonly used color markers include Bromophenol blue, Cresol Red, Orange G and Xylene cyanol. Generally speaking, Orange G migrates faster than bromophenol blue, which migrates faster than xylene cyanol, but the apparent "sizes" of these dyes (compared to DNA molecules) varies with the concentration of agarose and the buffer system used. For instance, in a 1% agarose gel made in TAE buffer (Tris-acetate-EDTA), xylene cyanol migrates at the speed of a 3000 base pair molecule of DNA and bromophenol blue migrates at 400 bp. However, in a 1% gel made in TBE buffer (Tris-borate-EDTA), they migrate at 2000 bp and 250 bp respectively.
For PAGE, some commercially available molecular weight markers (also called "ladders" because they look like the rungs of a ladder after separation) contain pre-stained proteins of different colours, so it is possible to determine more accurately where the proteins of interest in the samples might be.

</doc>
<doc id="19742565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742565" title="Shiv Kumar Batalvi">
Shiv Kumar Batalvi

Shiv Kumar Batalvi () (1936–1973) was a Punjabi language poet, who was most known for his romantic poetry, noted for its heightened passion, pathos, separation and lover's agony
He became the youngest recipient of the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967, given by Sahitya Akademi (India's National Academy of Letters), for his epic verse play based on the ancient legend of Puran Bhagat, "Loona" (1965), now considered a masterpiece in modern Punjabi literature, and which also created a new genre, of modern Punjabi kissa. Today, his poetry stands in equal footing, amongst that by stalwarts of modern Punjabi poetry, like Mohan Singh (poet) and Amrita Pritam, all of whom are popular on both sides of India-Pakistan border.
Biography.
Shiv Kumar was born in a Saraswat Brahmin family on 23 July 1936 (though a few documents related to him state October 8
, 1937 as his DOB), in village Bara Pind Lohtian, Shakargarh Tehsil, Sialkot District (now in Punjab province, Pakistan), to Pandit Krishan Gopal, village tehsildar in the revenue department, and Shanti Devi, a housewife.
In 1947, when he was just 11, his family moved to Batala Gurdaspur district after partition of India, where his father continued his work as a patwari and young Shiv received his primary education. Allegedly, he was a dreamy child, often vanishing for the duration of the day, to be found lying under trees by the riverbank close to the Mandir or Hindu temple outside the village, lost in a brown reverie. He appears to have been fascinated by local renditions of the Hindu Epic Ramayana, as well as wandering Minstrel singers, Snake Charmers & the like - which feature as metaphors in his poetry, giving it a uniquely rural flavor.
Education.
He completed his matriculation in 1953, from Punjab University, and enrolled in the F.Sc. program at Baring Union Christian College, Batala, though before completing his degree he moved to S.N. College, Qadian, where he joined the Arts program more suited to his persona, though he left that too in the second year. Thereafter he joined a school at Baijnath, Himachal Pradesh to do a diploma in Civil Engineering, here again he left it in the middle. Next he studied for some time at Govt. Ripudaman College, Nabha.
Youngest recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award.
Later in life, his father got a job as patwari at Qadian, it was during this period, that he produced some of his best work. His first anthology of poems was published in 1960, titled "Piran da Paraga" (The Scarf of Sorrows), which became an instant success. Some senior writers of Batala, including Jaswant Singh Rahi, Kartar Singh Balgan and Barkat Ram Yumman, as the saying goes, took him under their wings. 
In 1965, he became the youngest recipient of the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1967, for his magnum opus, a verse play "Loona" (1965). His poetry recitations, and singing his own verse, made him and his work even more popular amongst the masses.
Soon after his marriage, in 1968, he shifted to Chandigarh, where he joined the State Bank of India, as a PRO. In the following years, bad health plagued him, though he continued to write prolifically.
Another thing great about Shiv, was that he wrote one poem :-
PRABH JI SAANU IK GIIT UDHAARAA HOR DEYO
By saying, "Prabh Ji Saanu Ik Giit Udhaaraa Hor Deyo", Shiv gave all credit for his writings to The Almighty God, as if all his poetry was from that Divine Power. This speaks of his spiritual leanings. This was the greatness of a poet who wrote best of the Punjabi Songs but according to him it was only God who had bestowed on him the power to write and he had nothing, of his own, to write or say.
Personal life.
On 5 February 1967 he married, Aruna, a Brahmin girl, from Kirri Mangyal, Gurdaspur district, and later the couple had two children, Meharban (1968) and Puja (1969).
Death.
His writings had always been open about his pronounced death wish, and on 6 May 1973 9:00 PM, he died at his father-in-law's residence, at Kirri Mangyal Pathankot, due to liver cirrhosis, a result of chronic alcoholism, aged 36
Legacy.
One of his anthology, "Alvida" (Farewell) was published posthumously in 1974, by the Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar. 'Shiv Kumar Batalvi Award' for Best Writer, is given each year.
In media.
Many of his poems were sung by Deedar Singh Pardesi. Jagjit Singh-Chitra Singh, and Surinder Kaur, have also sung many of his poems. Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's rendition of one of his poem "Maye ni Maye" is known for its soulfulness and imagery. In a recent album, Rabbi (2004), by Rabbi Shergill features, his poem, "Ishtihar". Punjabi folk singer, Hans Raj Hans also did a popular album, ‘Gham’, on the poetry of Shiv Kumar. In 2005, a compilation album was released, titled, "Ek Kudi Jida Naa Mohabbat... 'Shiv Kumar Batalvi", with numbers sung by Mahendra Kapoor, Jagjit Singh and Asa Singh Mastana.
In 2004, Punjabi play titled "Dardaan Da Darya" based on the life of Shiv Kumar was performed at 'Punjab Kala Bhavan', Chandigarh.
Several of his poems have been adapted for movies, for e.g. "Ajj Din Chhadeya Tere Rang Varga," was adapted in 2009 Hindi movie Love Aaj Kal which became an instant hit.
In 2012, Album titled "Panchee Ho javan" based on same titled poem written by Shiv Kumar Batalvi was sung by jesleen Royal and the album also contains another song "Maye Ni" based on the poem "Maye ni Maye".
Excerpts.
<poem> 
"Mainu Vida Karo" (Bid Me Farewell)
Assan Taan Joban Rutte Marna
tur Jana Assan Bhare Bharaye
Hijar Tere di kar Parkarma
Assan Taan Joban Rutte Marna
I am going to die in the season of youth,
I am going to depart without emptying my contents,
After completing a cycle of separation from you,
I am going to die in the season of youth.
</poem>
ਹਿਜਰਾਂ ‘ਚ ਸੜਦੇ ਨੇ , ਸੁੱਖੇ ਰੋਟ ਤੇ ਸੁੱਖੀਆਂ ਚੂਰੀਆਂ |

</doc>
<doc id="19742572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742572" title="Bombino bianco">
Bombino bianco

Bombino bianco is a white Italian wine grape variety planted primarily along Italy's Adriatic coast line, most notably in Puglia. The vine is prone to high yields and often produces neutral flavor wines. The grape is known under many synonyms throughout Italy including "Debit" and "Pagadebit" which came from the grape's reputation for being a high yielding and reliable crop for vineyard owners to grow that would assure them that each vintage they could pay off all their debts.
The exact origins of the grape are unknown with early wine texts speculating that the grape originated in Spain. Today most ampelographers believe that the grape is indigenous to southern Italy with Pulgia believed to be the most likely home of the grape. In the 20th century DNA profiling has shown that while Bombino bianco is closely related to Bombino nero, the grape is not color mutation but its own distinct variety. Though Bombino bianco shares many synonyms with Trebbiano Toscano (also known as Ugni blanc), the two grapes are unrelated. DNA research has also shown that Bombino bianco may be one of the parent varieties of the Impigno grape of the Ostuni DOC in Puglia and the Moscatello Selvatico grape that is also native to Puglia.
In the Abruzzo wine region, Bombino bianco has been historically associated with Trebbiano d'Abruzzo but in recent years ameplographers have been beginning to doubt that the two grape varieties are the same. Since 1994, the "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) called "Trebbiano d'Abruzzo" has listed both grapes as separate varieties permitted in the blend of the white wine. In the European Union it is permitted for the production of bulk table wines and vermouth as well as raisins. It is also imported into Germany for use in as a blending variety for inexpensive sparkling "Sekt".
History.
The name "Bombino" means "small bomb" in Italian with ampelographers believing that the name comes from the circular shape that the clusters of Bombino bianco can take. There have been some speculation in early works of some wine writers that the grape originated in Spain however that theory has largely been discounted with most ampelographers today believing that the grape is indigenous to Italy and likely native to the Pulgia region.
Bombino bianco has a long history growing in several Italian wine regions where it has been known under many different synonyms. In the Emilia-Romagna region the grape was known as "Pagadebit" due to its reputation of being a reliable cropper that a grower could use to "pay his debts". In Lazio, Bombino bianca was known as "Ottonese" and was once thought to be its own distinctive grape variety until DNA profiling in the early 21st century confirmed that the two grapes were one and the same.
Viticulture.
Bombino bianco is a late ripening variety that is most notable for the very high yields that the vine is capable of producing. It is also a relatively easy grape to grow with solid resistant to most viticultural hazards such as the fungal disease powdery and downy mildew as well as botrytis bunch rot.
Relationship to other grapes.
For many years the relationship between Bombino bianco and Bombino nero was thought to be similar to Pinot noir and Grenache to Pinot blanc and Grenache blanc, respectively, in that the two grapes were color mutations of the same variety. However, DNA analysis in the early 21st century showed that while the two grapes are likely very closely related (either as siblings or parent-offspring) they are, nonetheless, two distinct grape varieties.
Similarly, Bombino bianco was long thought to be the "Trebbiano d'Abruzzo" grape grown throughout the Abruzzo region but while DNA profiling has not conclusively established the relationship between the two varieties (apart from both not being related to the Tuscan/Cognac grape Trebbiano/Ugni blanc), since 1994 they have been listed as a separate varieties in the official grape register of the Italian government and in the regulations for the Trebbiano d'Abruzzo DOC.
DNA analysis has further confirmed that Bombino bianco is not related to the Marche grape Verdicchio of which it shares several synonyms but that Bombino bianco is identical to the "Ottonese" grape that has long been grown in the Lazio region. Ampelographers has also discovered from DNA that Bombino bianco is likely one of the parent varieties to the Puglia grapes Impigno and Moscatello Selvatico.
Wine regions.
In 2000 there were nearly 3,000 hectares (7,410 acres) of Bombino bianco planted in Italy, the vast majority of it in southern Italy particularly in the Bari, Lecce and Foggia provinces. Outside of Puglia the grape can be found in the Marche, Molise, Lazio where it is known as Ottonese (particularly in the province of Frosinone), and in Emilia-Romagna where the grape is the principle variety in the DOC wine "Pagadebit di Romagna". In the Abruzzo, Bombino bianco is historically associated with Trebbiano d'Abruzzo and is often included in the white DOC wine of the same name.
Bombino bianco is a permitted grape variety in several DOC zones including the Biferno DOC in the province of Campobasso and Pentro di Isernia DOC in the Isernia province of Molise, Bianco Capena, Cerveteri, Cesanese di Olevano Romano, Frascati, and Marino DOCs in the province of Roma in the Lazio, the Genazzano DOC that includes both the Roma and Frosinone provinces of Lazio, the Colli Romagna Centrale and Pagadebit di Romagna DOC that are produced in both the Forlì-Cesena and Ravenna provinces of Emilia-Romagna, the Gravina DOC from the Bari province in Puglia, Leverano DOC from the province of Lecce, Martina Franca and Locorotondo DOCs that extends into both the Bari and Brindisi provinces, and the Cacc'e mmitte di Lucera and San Severo DOC in the Foggia province of Puglia.
Outside of Italy, Bombino bianco is often imported to other countries in the European Union where it can be blended in bulk table wines. It likewise imported into Germany where it is used in the production of inexpensive sparkling "Sekt" wine, often blended with Morio Muskat.
DOC regulations.
In the Abruzzo wine region, Bombino bianco is known as Trebbiano d'Abruzzo and has its own DOC that covers virtually the entire Abruzzo region. This DOC has one of the highest permitted harvest yields in all of Italy at 17.5 tonnes/hectare. Both Bombino bianco and Trebbiano Toscano, which was once thought to be the same grape as Trebbiano d'Abruzzo, are permitted to make up the majority of the blend (minimum 85%) with Malvasia Toscano, Cococciola and Passerina permitted to make up the remaining 15% of the blend. The wines must be aged a minimum of 5 months prior to release and must attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11.5%.
In Emilia-Romagna, between 40-50% of the white DOC wine from Colli Romagna Centrale can include Bombino bianco along with Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc, Trebbiano Toscano and Pinot blanc. Grapes destined for DOC production here are limited to a harvest yield no greater than 12 tonnes/hectare with the finished wines needing to attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11%. Bombino bianco is also the primary grape in the Pagadebit di Romagna DOC where it must account for at least 85% of the wine. Maximum yields in this DOC are a little higher at 14 tonnes/hectare with a slightly lower 10.5% minimum alcohol level.
In Molise, Bombino bianco grown along the Biferno river in the 135 hectare (333 acre) DOC region are blended (between 20-30%) with Trebbiano Toscano and Malvasia bianca. Yields are limited to 12 tonnes/hectare and minimum alcohol levels of at least 10.5%. In the white wine of Pentro di Isernia DOC, Bombino bianco accounts for between 30-40% of the blend along with Trebbiano Toscano.
Lazio DOCs.
In the Lazio wine region, Bombino bianco is often blended (up to 25%) with Malvasia di Candia, Malvasia Toscano, Trebbiano Toscano, Romagnolo, Giallo and Bellone in the wines of the Bianco Capena DOC. These wines can be made in a wide range of sweetness levels from dry "Asciutto" to sweet "Abboccato" styles. Bombino bianco grown in this DOC region located 30 kilometers (18.5 miles) north of Rome are limited to a harvest yield of 16 tonnes/hectare with a finished alcohol level of 11%. In Cerveteri, Bombino can only account for a maximum of 15% of the blend that includes the same varieties as Bianco Capena but with Tocai Friulano and Verdicchio also permitted.
In the Cesanese di Olevano Romano DOC that is also in Lazio, Bombino bianco can be used in the still, semi-sparkling "frizzante" and fully sparkling "spumante" red wines that are often made slightly sweet. Here the grape is blended with Cesanese Comune, Sangiovese, Montepulciano and Barbera with Bombino bianco limited to make up no more than 10% of the blend along with Trebbiano Toscano. In this DOC, Bombino bianco is limited to a maximum yield of 12.5 tonnes/hectare and a minimum alcohol level of 12%. In the Genazzo DOC located along the southern slopes of Monti Prenestini, Bombino bianco is only used (between 10-30%) in the DOC's white wine where it is blended with Malvasia di Candia and Bellone.
In the Marino DOC situated on the volcanic vineyard soils located on the hills east of Rome, up to 10% of the white wine of the DOC can include Bombino bianco where it is blended with Malvasia bianca, Trebbiano Toscano, Romagnolo, Giallo and Verdicchio.
Puglia DOCs.
In Puglia, the Cacc'e mmitte di Lucera DOC allows between 15-30% of Bombino bianco to be blended (along with other white grape varieties like Trebbiano and Malvasia del Chianti) in the red wines of the DOC that made primarily from Uva di Troia, Montepulciano, Sangiovese and Malvasia nera. Bombino bianco grown within this 80 hectare (198 acre) are limited to a maximum yield of 14 tonnes/hectare with a finished alcohol level of at least 11.5% for DOC designated wine. In Leverano, Bombino bianco is permitted up to 35%, along with Trebbiano Toscano, in the predominately Malvasia bianca-based wines (at least 65%) of the DOC.
In the Gravina DOC, up to 10% of Bombino bianco is permitted in the dry "secco" and slightly sweet "amabile" white wines of the DOC that can be produced in both a still and sparkling "spumante" style. Here the grape is blended with Malvasia del Chianti, Greco di Tufo, Bianco d'Alessano, Trebbiano Toscano and Verdeca. In the white-wine only DOCs of Lacorotondo and Martina Franca, up to 5% of Bombino bianco can be included along with Fiano and Malvasia Toscao in the Verdeca and Bianco d'Alessano based wines of the DOC provided that grapes are harvested to yields no greater than 13 tonnes/hectare and the finished wine reaches at least 11% alcohol by volume. 
In the 2000 hectare (5000 acre) San Severo DOC located in the large Capitanata di Puglia zone, between 40-60% of the white DOC wine of the region is Bombino bianco with Trebbiano Toscano, Malvasia del Chianti and Verdeca making up the remainder. Here grapes are limited to a yield of 14 tonnes/hectare with a finished alcohol level for both the still and sparkling "spumante" styles needing to reach at least 11%.
Styles.
According to Master of Wine Jancis Robinson, Bombino bianco tends to produce relatively neutral flavored wines that are not very aromatic but can have some citrus or herbaceous notes with some examples showing minerality. While the wine can be made as a varietal, it is most often used as a blending variety in both red and white wines that can be made in a wide range of sweetness levels. In addition to still wines, some DOCs produce semi-sparkling "frizzante" and fully sparkling "spumante" styles from the grape.
Wine writers Joe Bastianich and David Lynch describe Bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apples. Italian wine writer Victor Hazan, husband of the Italian cookbook writer Marcella Hazan, notes that blended wines such as "Trebbiano d'Abruzzo" that have a high proportion of Bombino bianco in them tend to have milder fruit flavors and soft palate than wines with a higher proportion of Trebbiano Toscano.
In addition to wine production, Bombino bianco is also used to make raisins and vermouth.
Synonyms.
Over the years Bombino bianco has been known under various synonyms including: Abondante, Bambino, Bambino Peloso Gentile, Bammino, Banjac, Bilana, Bobbino, Bommino, Bonvino, Bonvino bianco, Buon Vino, Buonvino bianco, Butta Palmento, Butta Pezzente, Buttspezzante, Calatammurro, Calpolese, Camblese, Campanile, Campolese, Campolese Camplese, Campolese Chiuso, Campolese Scinciaro, Campolese Sciniato, Carapa, Castella, Cococciola, Cola Tamburo, Colatammurro, Debit, Debit Veliki, Donnee, Marese, Ottenese, Ottonese (in central Italy, particularly the Lazio region), Pagadebiti (in Emilia-Romagna), Poulzhinatz, Pulizanac, Puljizanac, Ribola, Ripona, Scacciadebiti, Schiacciadebiti, Straccia Cambiale, Strappa Cambiale, Tivolese bianco, Trebbiano Abruzzese, Trebbiano Bianco di Chieti, Trebbiano Campolese, Trebbiano d'Abruzzo, Trebbiano d'Ora, Trebbiano d'Oro, Trebbiano di Abruzzo, Trebbiano di Avezzano, Trebbiano di Macerata, Trebbiano di Teramo, Trebbiano Dorato di Teramo, Trivolese, Uva Castellana, Uva da un Osso, Uva Fermana, Uva Romana, and Zapponara bianca.

</doc>
<doc id="19742580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742580" title="Bombino">
Bombino

Bombino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742601" title="Hans L. C. Huitfeldt">
Hans L. C. Huitfeldt

Hans Ludvig Carl Huitfeldt (1876 – 1969) was a Norwegian physician.
He graduated as cand.med. in 1902, and later took the dr.med degree. He worked in Gjøvik from 1902 to 1904, and thereafter in Oslo, running a private clinic from 1908 to 1940. He founded the cancer treatment clinic "Kristiania Radium-Institutt" in 1912, and was later instrumental in the foundation of the Norwegian Radium Hospital. From its foundation in 1932 to 1956 he chaired the board of directors.
Huitfeldt was a Knight of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav and the Swedish Order of the Polar Star.
He was the son of Henrik Jørgen Huitfeldt-Kaas, and the son-in-law of newspaper editor Amandus Schibsted.

</doc>
<doc id="19742606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742606" title="Leonard Linsky">
Leonard Linsky

Leonard Linsky (1922 – August 27, 2012) was an American philosopher. He was an Emeritus Professor of the University of Chicago. He was known for work on the theory of reference, and also as a historian of early analytical philosophy.
He is cited as an example of the "orthodox view" in the theory of reference. He questioned the "intensional isomorphism" concept of Rudolf Carnap.
Works.
Authored Volumes
Edited Volumes

</doc>
<doc id="19742611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742611" title="William Tait">
William Tait

William Tait is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="19742627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742627" title="Linsky">
Linsky

Linsky is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742631" title="Leslie Rainey">
Leslie Rainey

Leslie Newburn Rainey (10 January 1881 – 27 August 1962) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football with Essendon and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
After managing only five appearances for Essendon during his time at the club in 1899 and 1900, Rainey crossed to Melbourne where he had more success. He played a full season in 1902, including Melbourne's Semi Final loss to his old club, and kicked 17 goals. Rainey finished his football career with 23 VFL games and 20 goals.
Rainey played his cricket as an all-rounder and participated in two first-class matches for Victoria, both against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. He put in a good performance in the second of those matches, in 1905, scoring an unbeaten 60 and taking 6/46 in Tasmania's second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19742655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742655" title="Harry Grey (disambiguation)">
Harry Grey (disambiguation)

Harry Grey was an American writer.
Harry Grey may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742664" title="1995 Valencia Open – Singles">
1995 Valencia Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19742665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742665" title="Belinda Heggen">
Belinda Heggen

Belinda Heggen is an Australian journalist and news presenter. She worked at ADS10 in Adelaide as a general assignment reporter, and also wrote occasional columns for the newspaper "Messenger". Belinda moved to Sydney in 2008 and was a finance reporter for "Ten Early News", who filled in for Kathryn Robinson. She was also a "Ten Late News" reporter on Friday nights. She has also worked on Adelaide's radio station, FiveAA as a talk back host between 1pm-4pm on weekdays.
Ten News.
In 2008, she presented the Adelaide news alongside George Donikian while Rebecca Morse was on maternity leave. On 2 February 2012, Heggen resigned from Network Ten after Network Ten's downsizing.
FiveAA radio station.
On 28 May 2012, Adelaide talk radio station 5AA announced Heggen as its new afternoon (1:00pm–4:00pm) host replacing Amanda Blair beginning 12 June. Heggen had previously filled in for Blair on a number of occasions.
Personal Life.
Belinda is married to Simon Crabb and they have two sons, James and Oscar. She is a Starlight Children's Foundation ambassador.
In December 2012, Belinda was officially announced as the Ambassador for the Women's & Children's Hospital Foundation in Adelaide.
Controversy.
On 15 February 2011, Heggen received global media attention for a comment made to "Ten News" presenter Mark Aiston. Aiston reported on the video of the Ashes urn, which featured English cricketer Andrew Strauss posing with the object. The footage went back to the newsroom after the report, showing Aiston telling Heggen "I just can't understand how something so small can be so impressive." to which Heggen replied, "Well, Mark, you would know about that".
Heggen later explained on Adelaide radio station Nova 91.9 that she and Aiston never had any romantic history and that it was a practical joke. "Those in Adelaide who know Mark Aiston know that he's a practical joker, and a prankster, and he's always cracking jokes and trying to catch us out. So I've always had in my mind a desire to try and catch him, um, and on air no less." she stated.

</doc>
<doc id="19742673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742673" title="Jón Árnason">
Jón Árnason

Jón Árnason may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19742696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742696" title="Brønlundhus">
Brønlundhus

Brønlundhus, on some maps also Brønlundfjord or Brönlundfjord, is a former research station and radio station located on the western shore of Jørgen Brønlund Fjord in southern Peary Land, in northern Greenland. It is named after Greenlandic Arctic researcher Jørgen Brønlund, or after the namesake fjord on which it is located. It is close to the mouth of Jørgen Brønlund Fjord where it opens into Independence Fjord. Brønlundhus was built 1947–48 by the Danish Peary Land Expeditions on initiative of Eigil Knuth, through an air lift by PBY Catalina seaplanes from "Zackenbergbasen", a station built for that purpose close to a trapper's hut at the site of present Zackenberg research station area 1000 km farther south. Brønlundhus was the first station in Greenland with all equipment transported by airlift. The seaplanes could land in the fjord during the ice-free period from mid-July to end of August.
Brønlundhus was used as a base for the first expedition 1948–50 when Peary Land was explored by scientists on dog sled. Until the establishment of Alert in Canada in 1950, Brønlundhus was the northernmost station in the world, not counting historical depot huts of polar explorers including Peary's Cape Columbia Depot. From 1963 to 1972 the station was occasionally used during summers (April to August) as a base for smaller groups working in the area around the station. In 1972 a new station, Kap Harald Moltke, was built some ten kilometers east of Brønlundhus, on the opposite side of Jørgen Brønlund Fjord, where an old raised seabed provides a natural runway, making air access possible. In summer, traffic between the two neighboring stations is by boat, depending on ice conditions. Since the death of Eigil Knuth in 1996, the stations have been administered by Peary Land Foundation. Today, Brønlundhus can be characterised as a museum, with a collection of artefacts from polar explorations. In 2001, a Nanok team found the station in reasonably good condition, and performed minor repairs and exterior maintenance with paint and felt.

</doc>
<doc id="19742703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742703" title="Grevillea infecunda">
Grevillea infecunda

Grevillea infecunda, commonly known as Anglesea Grevillea, is a root-suckering shrub which is endemic to Victoria, Australia. It grows to 0.3 to 1.2 metres in height. The flowers are yellowish-green, ageing to orange-red. These appear between October and December (mid spring to early summer) in its native range. 
The species was first formally described by Donald McGillivray in "New Names in Grevillea (Proteaceae)" in 1986. 
"G. infecunda" occurs in undulating terrain in Anglesea and Aireys Inlet. Two preserved plant specimens were collected by Ferdinand von Mueller in 1852 from Brighton and confirmed as this species by Donald McGillivray in the 1980s; the area is now suburbia.
The species is listed as "Vulnerable" under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act, "threatened" in Victoria under the Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 and "Vulnerable in Victoria" on the Department of Sustainability and Environment's "Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria".

</doc>
<doc id="19742760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742760" title="Kurze Pause">
Kurze Pause

Disney's Kurze Pause, (Disney's Short Break) is a German sitcom series broadcast on the Disney Channel Germany since 2006. It is a German adaptation of the Disney Channel Italy Original Series Quelli dell'intervallo, with no firm scheduling except for its Sunday broadcast. It consists of vignettes approximately five to eight minutes long. 
See also.
As the Bell Rings

</doc>
<doc id="19742765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742765" title="Tells (band)">
Tells (band)

Tells are a British experimental band formed by the former core members of Delicate AWOL, Jim Version and Caroline Ross.
Sound.
Tell's sound mixes aspects of avant-garde folk music with art-rock, jazz and improvised structures. Their music has a strong textural basis with a loose approach to rhythm. Vocals can be either melodious, murmured or incantatory and are inspired by Ross' devout love of traditional vocal music (including English, Indian, Scottish and Bulgarian forms). The band's press release commented "the majority of tracks wouldn’t sound out of place on the soundtrack to a 21st-century take on cult horror flick "The Wicker Man"".
History.
Emergence from Delicate AWOL.
Jim Version (guitar, piano, vocals, instruments, production) and Caroline Ross (vocals, bass, guitar, flute, percussion, instruments) had formed art rock/post-rock band Delicate AWOL together in 1998. Over the course of six years, the band released two albums and numerous EPs and evolved from an abrasive urban indie sound to a looser, groove-and-ambient orientated approach drawing on jazz and psychedelia.
Following Delicate AWOL's relocation from London to Aberdeenshire in 2004 the band began to disintegrate. Bass player Michael Donnelly, percussion/synthesizer player Ben Page and drummer Tom Page eventually returned to London to join Rothko. Reduced to a duo, Version and Ross discovered that the new music which they were making did not suit the former band format. They dissolved Delicate AWOL and formed Tells as a looser collaborative project with themselves at the centre. Based at their own residential Steadling Studios, and now involved in various local community activities, they began to record new music with additional contributions coming from local musicians and volunteer workers. The project thrived on this situation with Ross reporting "two of the band members are 17 years old, and one is 61!"
"Hope Your Wounds Heal".
Tells released their debut album, "Hope Your Wounds Heal", on Fire Records in 2006. Contributors on this record were Ryoko Toyama and Laura Desbrisay (backing vocals), Philip Johnston (bass) and (flute), Neil Scolley (drums), and former Delicate AWOL member Jo Wright (trumpet).
The album received positive reviews, being hailed as "a beautiful post-rock/avant-jazz masterpiece that will give your ears a real workout ", "a pure gem to warm the cockles ", "(a) remarkable album... bigger than the sum of its influences ", and "slowcore's finest edition since Low ". Even some of the less enthusiastic reviews found the album intriguing - in one instance it was described as "ambitious, if patchy... a school orchestra playing a Mars Volta song".
Current/future activity.
Having left Scotland in the late 2000s, and with the band now divided between Cheltenham and London, Tells are currently on hold but plan to record more material in the future.
In June 2006, Ross mentioned future plans for a piano-and-vocal album and a four-song download EP (neither of which have yet materialised).
Related projects.
The members of Tells maintain a link with Rothko, and Caroline Ross has recorded a collaborative album with Rothko called "A Place Between" (2005).
Ross has also recorded two tracks for Susumu Yokota’s "Distant Sounds of Summer" album and worked with Mark Raudva (Shriekback) and Mountain Men Anonymous. In 2009, she joined the live lineup of Brighton band Woodpecker Wooliams, singing and playing "flute, glock, omnichord, cheese-grater etc."
Jim Version has engineered and co-produced various records by other artists at Steading Studios, including albums by Bonnie Prince Billy, Alasdair Roberts, Kitchen Cynics, Scatter, Hookers Green No1, The Great Depression, Tanakh, Eric Euan, Donal Brown and John Kenny.

</doc>
<doc id="19742787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742787" title="St. Jude College, Cavite">
St. Jude College, Cavite

St. Jude College, Cavite is a Christian private school and college in the city of Dasmariñas in the Philippines. It offers kindergarten to grade 12, as well as a college department which offers bachelor of science and bachelor of arts degrees.
College department.
St. Jude College Cavite has a college department offering tertiary academic programs such as Nursing, Computer Science, Education, Psychology, Tourism, and Hotel and Restaurant Management.
The college department has two deans: one for Nursing (as this program has the most students) and one for all other programs. Non-nursing programs are also headed by their respective program advisers.

</doc>
<doc id="19742809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742809" title="As the Bell Rings (Singapore)">
As the Bell Rings (Singapore)

As the Bell Rings, is the Singapore version of As the Bell Rings. It is currently on the Disney Channel Xtra Mobile. It is a Singapore adaption of the Disney Channel Italy Original Series Quelli dell'intervallo.
See also.
As the Bell Rings

</doc>
<doc id="19742816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742816" title="Zentralbibliothek Zürich">
Zentralbibliothek Zürich

Zentralbibliothek Zürich (Zürich Central Library) is the main library of both the city and the University of Zürich, housed in the "Predigerkloster", the former Black Friars' abbey, in the old town's Rathaus quarter.
It was founded in 1914 by a merger of the former cantonal and city libraries. Its history ultimately goes back to the "Stiftsbibliothek" of the Grossmünster abbey, first attested in 1259. Much of the abbey's library was lost in the Swiss Reformation, especially in an incident of book burning on 14 September 1525, reducing it to a total inventory of 470 volumes. From 1532, Konrad Pellikan (1478–1556) began rebuilding the "Stiftsbibliothek", especially with the purchase of Zwingli's private library, and the library catalogue in 1551 lists 770 volumes. The city library had been established in 1634, and its policy to allow access only to citizens of Zürich led to disputes with the University, which led to the establishment of a cantonal library in 1835, built from some 3,500 volumes with 14,000 titles of the "Stiftsbibliothek", some 340 volumes of the recent University Library (since 1833) and some 1,700 volumes of the "Gymnasiumsbibliothek" (since 1827).
The "Zentralbibliothek" currently houses some 5.1 million items, among these 3.9 million printed volumes, 124,000 manuscripts, 243,000 maps and 560,000 microfiches.

</doc>
<doc id="19742819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742819" title="Trop la Classe">
Trop la Classe

Trop la Classe is a French television show adapted from "As the Bell Rings". It is on the Disney Channel and every Sunday on one cable broadcast. It is a French adaption of the Disney Channel Italy Original Series Quelli dell'intervallo.
The show's 5th season (Trop la Classe Verte !) has begun airing on February 24, 2010.
Characters.
Prem is a whiz kid who is rather kind and helps his needy classmates.
She is depicted as the athletic and tomboyish girl. Her best friend is Nico. 
Charlotte is viewed as an annoyance as she cannot stay quiet.
Valentine is the most popular girl of the college. She is very concerned about appearances and finds it a priority that hers is perfect. All boys fall for her but the girls don't appreciate her massive ego and the curt reply. Her superiority complex creates great tension with Juliette and she is not very intelligent. 
Nico is often seen as the class clown and is known for mischief. He often tells jokes which he finds funny but are not appreciated by his friends. His best friend is Dunk.

</doc>
<doc id="19742825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742825" title="Slipway Fires">
Slipway Fires

Slipway Fires is the third album by English indie rock band Razorlight. The album was released on 3 November 2008.
The first single from the album, Wire to Wire, was released on 26 September 2008. It was premiered by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 on 8 September 2008, and peaked at number 5 in the UK Singles Chart.
The second single taken from the album was Hostage of Love released on 12 January 2009.
Reception.
Overall critical response to "Slipway Fires" was generally negative. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 52, based on 15 reviews. Drowned In Sound described it as "a headachey throb of over-production and excessive sentiment" and "about as indie as Margaret Thatcher", while the NME described them as "just a boringly competent indie band masquerading as, at best, Fleetwood Mac and, at worst, Whitesnake". Q were favourable however, commenting that "Slipway Fires requires more of your time and duly rewards it", as well as making it their album of the month.
Track listing.
International Digital Version
iTunes

</doc>
<doc id="19742827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742827" title="Ganorhynchus">
Ganorhynchus

Ganorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lungfish from the Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19742845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742845" title="Kollam Municipal Corporation election, 2005">
Kollam Municipal Corporation election, 2005

Local elections were held in Kollam, Kerala, India in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19742853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742853" title="Mr. Something Something">
Mr. Something Something

Mr. Something Something is a Toronto-based Afrobeat collective with activist leanings formed in 2003 by childhood friends Larry Graves (drums/percussion) and John MacLean (tenor sax). All music is written by Graves, MacLean and lead singer Johan Hultqvist. The band's second album "The Edge" was nominated for a 2007 Juno Award in the World Music category. The 2007 release "Deep Sleep" was a collaboration with spoken word artist Ikwunga The Afrobeat Poet, the son of a famous Nigerian writer and tribal chief. "Deep Sleep" was the most played world music album on Canadian college radio in 2007. 
The band consists of five permanent members, and a number of loosely affiliated musicians, including such notable jazz musicians as Kevin Turcotte, Richard Underhill and Brian O'Kane. In conjunction with International Car-Free Day 2008 Mr. Something Something presented Canada's first bicycle powered concerts at the Evergreen Brickworks in Toronto's Don Valley and outside infamous bike thief Igor Kenk's defunct bicycle shop. In terms of the band name, they said in an interview: " The name Mr. Something Something is a play on a song name by the godfather of afrobeat, Fela Kuti. He has a song called Mr. Follow Follow, which as couple of the guys thought would be a great name for a tribute band ... but that's not what we are so the name developed with the music." 

</doc>
<doc id="19742861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742861" title="Cambio de Clase">
Cambio de Clase

Cambio de Clase is a television program that is the Spanish version of "As the Bell Rings". It is shown on the Disney Channel and every Sunday on one cable broadcast. It is a Spanish adaption of the Disney Channel Italy Original Series Quelli dell'intervallo.
The premiere of the series in Spain took place on September 11, 2006 in the channel and the Disney Channel 16th of the month and year when Disney Zone @ TVE. Since then broadcast daily on Disney Channel and Saturdays and Sundays at TVE.
The series is starring Andrea Guasch, Juan Luppi, Nadia de Santiago, Santiago Luisber, Sergio Garcia and Ismael Garcia who give life to Valentina, Nico, Bertini, Mafalda, Max and Nacho. In 2007, the characters played by Andrea Guasch and Sergio Martin were absent due to the filming of the Disney Channel Games 2007.
The second season began filming in June 2007 and debuted in late 2007 on Disney Channel Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19742863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742863" title="Tkiyet Um Ali">
Tkiyet Um Ali

Tkiyet Um Ali (), is a Jordanian non-governmental organization initiated by HRH Princess Haya Bint Al-Hussein to fight hunger and poverty in Jordan in a sustainable manner. According to Tkiyet Um Ali's website, their mission is "To feed and sustain, in cooperation with all sectors, underprivileged citizens through the provision of Food for Life, while guiding those to long-term self-sustaining solutions for empowered and dignified existence".
History.
TUA History
Programs.
Internal Feeding Program.
Internal Feeding Program
External Food Supply Program.
External Food Supply Program
School Feeding Project.
School Feeding Project
The Rehabilitation and Employment Program.
The Rehabilitation and Employment Program
Criticism.
TUA criticism

</doc>
<doc id="19742867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742867" title="Arbane">
Arbane

Arbane (or Arbanne) is a white French wine grape variety that has been historically grown in the Aube region of Champagne, but has now all but disappeared from the vineyards with less than left in France in 2006. Despite its rarity, it is still permitted grape variety to be blended with Chardonnay, Pinot noir and Pinot Meunier and other varieties in the Champagne "cuvée".
Recent years have seen a renewed interest in the older, almost extinct grape varieties of the Champagne region, including Arbane. The Champagne house Moutard-Diligent in Buxeuil is the only producer of a "Vielles Vignes" Champagne made only from Arbane, while a few others, including Champagne Aubry and Drappier, produce blends which include both Arbane and other now rare Champagne varieties such as Petit Meslier and Pinot blanc. Moutard-Diligent also produce a "Cuvée Six Cépages" which uses six of the seven authorized grapes varieties : Chardonnay, Pinot noir, Pinot Meunier, Petit Meslier, Pinot blanc and Arbane; the additional approved grape variety being Fromenteau (Pinot gris).
History.
Arbane has a long history of cultivation in the southern Champagne wine region, particularly around the commune of Bar-sur-Aube. Ampelographers believe that the name Arbane comes from the medieval Latin word "albana", which means "white grape" and is still being used a primary name and synonym for several varieties in Italy including the Albana grape in Emilia-Romagna. Arbane has no known connection to the other Albana grapes but the synonym Albane is still used even today for Arbane. It is also speculated by some ampelographers that recorded plantings of an Alban grape in the Les Riceys commune in 1388 may be the earliest mentioning of Arbane. However, Master of Wine Jancis Robinson notes that some ampelographers and wine historians question if the 14th century grape is, indeed, the same variety as the modern Arbane.
Ampelographers do not question that the grape was widely established in Champagne by the turn of the 19th century and was noted in 1801 by Jean-Antoine Chaptal to produce highly regarded wine, along with Fromenteau, in Morveaux near the commune of Baroville.
Viticulture.
Arbane is a vigorous but low yielding grape variety that ripens mid to late in the harvest season. The vine produces small bunches of little berries. The main viticultural hazard that afflicts Arbane is downy mildew.
Wine regions.
Though Arbane is a permitted grape variety in Champagne production, it is very rarely used with less than 1 hectare (2.5 acres) of the grape planted throughout France in 2006. Most of these plantings are very old and used by the Champagne house Moutard-Diligent to produce a varietal "Vielles Vignes" bottling and as part of a separate "cuvée" that uses six of the seven authorized grape varieties in Champagne--Chardonnay, Pinot noir, Pinot Meunier, Pinot blanc, Petit Meslier and Arbane.
AOC regulations.
While Chardonnay, Pinot noir and Pinot Meunier make up the vast majority of Champagne wine production, Arbane is permitted to be used in regular vintage and non-vintage "cuvée" (but not "Blanc de Blanc" which is only made from Chardonnay) provided that the grapes are harvested to a yield no greater than 65 hectoliters/hectare (approximately 4.3 tons/acre) and the finished wine attains a minimum alcohol level of at least 11%. It is not permitted to be used in the "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) still wines of the Champagne region--Coteaux Champenois or Rosé des Riceys.
Synonyms.
Over the years Arbane has been known under a variety of synonyms including: Albane (in Aube), Arbane blanc, Arbane du Bachet, Arbanne (in Les Riceys and Moulins-en-Tonnerrois), Arbanne blanche, Arbenne, Arbenne blanc, Arbone, Crène (in Balnot-sur-Laignes, Balnot-la-Grange and Polisot), Crene, Crénillat (La Valla-en-Gier and Rive-de-Gier in Loire), Crenillat and Darbanne (in Aube).

</doc>
<doc id="19742877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742877" title="Leges Clodiae">
Leges Clodiae

Leges Clodiae ("Clodian Laws") were a series of laws (plebiscites) passed by the Plebeian Council of the Roman Republic under the tribune Publius Clodius Pulcher in 58 BC. Clodius was a member of the patrician family ("gens") Claudius; the alternative spelling of his name is sometimes regarded as a political gesture. With the support of Julius Caesar, who held his first consulship in 59 BC, Clodius had himself adopted into a plebeian family in order to qualify for the office of Tribune of the Plebs, which was not open to patricians. Clodius was famously a bitter opponent of Cicero.
One law, the "Lex Clodia de Auspiciis" ("The Law of Clodius on the Auspices"), prevented the Roman Magistrates, who presided over the legislative assemblies, from dissolving the assemblies (specifically, the Tribal Assembly), by declaring that unfavorable omens (auspices) had been observed. This had been an ordinary form of legislative obstruction for centuries, and was formally codified around the year 150 BC by the "Lex Aelia et Fufia". Pompey, for example, was known to have used this obstructive device at least once. Thus, in effect, this law repealed the "Lex Aelia et Fufia".
Another law, the "Lex Clodia de Censoribus" ("The Law of Clodius on the Censors"), prescribed certain rules for the Roman Censors in exercising their functions as inspectors of public morals ("mores"). It also required the concurrence of both Censors to inflict the "nota censoria". During the census (conducted once every five years), the Censors could place a "nota" next to the name of a citizen, usually for offenses such as bankruptcy, cowardice, or having been a gladiator. If a citizen had a "nota" placed besides his name, he was subject to a range of penalties, including fines, exile, assignment to an inferior tribe for voting purposes, or even the loss of his citizenship. Thus, by requiring concurrence for the placement of a "nota", this law placed an additional check on the powers of the Censors. This was typically the only act that required the concurrence of both Censors. Also, when a senator had been already convicted before an ordinary court, this law permitted the Censors to remove him from the senate in a summary way. This law was repealed in 54 BC by the "Lex Caecilia De Censoria", which was enacted by a political enemy of Clodius, Metellus Scipio.
A third law, the "Lex Clodia de Civibus Romanis Interemptis", was key to Caesar's support for Clodius. The law threatened punishment for anyone who offered fire and water to those who had executed Roman citizens without a trial "qui civem Romanum indemnatum interemisset, ei aqua et igni interdiceretur." This was an ingenious means of forcing Cicero into exile without trying him directly. Cicero, an enemy of Clodius having executed members of the Catilinarian conspiracy several years before without formal trial, was clearly the intended target of the law. Caesar supported Clodius as he wanted Cicero exiled (Cicero was one of the leaders of the Senate's "optimates," which was a group that opposed Caesar, Clodius, and other "populares." As a result of this law, Cicero went into exile, from which he did not return for 18 months.
A fourth law, the "Lex Clodia Frumentaria" required the distribution of grain to Rome's poor citizens for free. Before this law, grain had been distributed to Rome's poor at a low price instead. This was somewhat radical, as during the first centuries of the republic, as per the Valerian and Porcian laws, several citizens had been executed for distributing free grain to the poor, under the concern that they were plotting to win popular support in order to overthrow the government and seize a tyranny. 
A fifth law, the "Lex Clodia de Sodalitatibus" ("The Law of Clodius on the Associations") was a law that declared that certain clubs of a "semi-political nature" (i.e. armed gangs) were lawful. These clubs had been abolished through a decree of the senate in 80 BC, probably upon the urging of the aristocratic Roman Dictator Lucius Cornelius Sulla, who had attempted to weaken the power of Rome's citizens and to strengthen the senate. The result of this law was a wave of violence and gang warfare that resulted in Clodius' murder, and that was not to end until the end of the republic and the establishment of the Roman Empire. 
A sixth law, the "Lex Clodia de Libertinorum Suffragiis" ("The Law of Clodius on the Voting of Freedmen") attempted to extend freedmen's (i.e. ex-slaves') voting rights (suffrage). A seventh law, the "Lex Clodia de Rege Ptolemaeo et de exsulibus Byzantinis" pertained to several of Rome's eastern provinces and vassal states (in particular Ptolemaic Egypt and Byzantium in Greece).

</doc>
<doc id="19742878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742878" title="George Vicat Cole">
George Vicat Cole

George Vicat Cole (17 April 1833 – 6 April 1893), was an English painter.
Biography.
Cole was born at Portsmouth, the son of the landscape painter, George Cole (1810-1883), and in his practice followed his father's lead with marked success. He exhibited at the British Institution at the age of nineteen, and was first represented at the Royal Academy in 1853. His election as an associate of this institution took place in 1870, and he became an Academician ten years later. He died in London on 6 April 1893. The wide popularity of his work was due partly to the simple directness of his technical method, and partly to his habitual choice of attractive material.
Most of his subjects were found in the counties of Surrey and Sussex, and along the banks of the Thames. One of his largest pictures, "The Pool of London", was bought by the Chantrey Fund Trustees in 1888, and is now in the Tate Gallery.
He was the father of the painter Rex Vicat Cole.
See Robert Chignell, "The Life and Paintings of Vicat Cole", R.A. (London, 1899).

</doc>
<doc id="19742887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742887" title="Research center">
Research center

A research center is a facility or building dedicated to research, commonly with the focus on a specific area. There are over 14,000 research centers in the United States. Centers apply varied disciplines including basic research and applied research in addition to non traditional techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="19742890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742890" title="Elisha Lawrence (loyalist)">
Elisha Lawrence (loyalist)

Elisha Lawrence (1740 - 1811) was a political figure in New Jersey and Nova Scotia. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1785 to 1793.
He was born in Monmouth County, New Jersey, the son of John Lawrence. He was the county sheriff at the start of the American Revolution. In 1775, he married Mary Ashfield. Lawrence raised a unit of 500 loyalists which later became part of the 1st Battalion of the New Jersey Volunteers. In 1777 he was taken prisoner by General John Sullivan on Staten Island; at the end of the war, he retired at the rank of colonel and settled in the Parrsboro area. Lawrence later moved to England and died in Cardigan, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19742897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742897" title="Pavalakkodi">
Pavalakkodi

Pavalakkodi () is a 1934 Tamil Film starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and directed by K. Subramanyam. It was the first film for both of them. The film's music was composed by Papanasam Sivan.
Production.
"Pavalakkodi" (lit. The Coral Queen) was originally a successful stage play acted out by a troupe of artists composed of Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, Mani Bhagavathar and S. D. Subbulakshmi. The troupe toured all over Tamil Nadu, Ceylon, Malaya and Singapore staging the play. S. M. Lakshmana Chettiar (Lena), a prominent businessman, R. M. Alagappa Chettiar and K. Subramanyam watched it at Karaikudi. Highly impressed by the play they decided to produce a film based on it. The lead actors, M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar and S. D. Subbulakshmi were hired for Rs. 4,000 and Rs. 2,500 respectively. This was the first film for both of them. This film was the first for Subramanyam as director. A vacant land (present day campus of Dr. MGR Janaki College of Arts and Science for Women) in Adyar was chosen for filming. Subramanyam established his studio at the spot and called it Meenakshi Cinetones. Filming was done outdoors using sunlight. Scenes were shot continuously when the sun was shining brightly and breaks were called when it became cloudy. Whenever the cloud cover broke, cast and crew rushed to resume filming abandoning their food packets. The abandoned food attracted a lot of crows from the wooded Adyar surroundings. The cawing of crows was a nuisance to recording (songs and dialogues were recorded directly on the spot). Subramanyam hired an Anglo Indian named Joe to fire his rifle in the air and shoo away the crows. Joe was credited in the film credits as "Crow Shooter". The studio did not have its own lab and scenes were shot without knowing how they would turn out. All the post production work was done at Bombay.
Plot.
"Pavalakkodi" tells the mythical love story of Arjuna (Thyagaraja Bhagavathar) and Pavalakkodi (S. D. Subbulakshmi), the princess of Coral Island.
Soundtrack.
The film had 55 songs, of which 22 were sung by M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar. Some of the popular songs from the movie are:
Reception.
Pavalakkodi was a box office hit and ran for nine months. It was also one of the earliest commercially successful Tamil films. On the successful completion of the film, Subramanyam married S. D. Subbulakshmi as his second wife. Pavalakkodi set the stage for M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar's eventful career as the first superstar of Tamil Cinema. The single remaining print of this film has been preserved at National Film Archives, Pune

</doc>
<doc id="19742898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742898" title="Wire to Wire">
Wire to Wire

"Wire to Wire" is a song by Anglo-Swedish rock band Razorlight, written by singer Johnny Borrell, from their third album "Slipway Fires". It was officially released as the album's first single on 27 October 2008. It was released for downloads digitally, however, on 26 September.
The song marked the band's fourth UK Top 5 single and their fifth to chart in the UK Top 10. It peaked at #5 in the UK Singles Chart, and #3 in Germany and Austria. The song has also peaked #8 in Swiss, #13 in Belgium (Flanders) #23 in Ireland and #71 in the Dutch singles charts. However, it underperformed in comparison to some of their previous singles and "Slipway Fires" is now their first album to fail to produce a top three single. It spent only 7 weeks in the UK Top 100, less than each of the first three singles from the preceding album "Razorlight". 
The song is a piano-led ballad, described as "slow-burning".
The accompanying music video was shot by Oscar nominated feature film director Stephen Frears.
The track was used as part of Burberry's introductory advertisement its the Fall/Winter 2009 collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19742899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742899" title="Wakaf Che Yeh">
Wakaf Che Yeh

Wakaf Che Yeh is a small town in Kelantan, Malaysia. Located about 7 kilometres from Kota Bharu town.
The town is famous for its daily and weekly market. Wakaf Che Yeh has been progressing well for the last ten years. A small supermarket can also be found at the area.Radio Television Malaysia ( Kelantan ) is located at the area.

</doc>
<doc id="19742919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742919" title="Edward Hopkinson">
Edward Hopkinson

Edward Hopkinson (28 May 1859 – 15 January 1922) was a British electrical engineer and Conservative politician.
He was the fourth son of John Hopkinson, an engineer who was mayor of Manchester in 1882/83. Hopkinson was educated at Owen's College, Manchester and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He graduated from Emmanuel in 1881 and was made a fellow of the college in 1883. In 1882 he began to study mechanical and electrical engineering under Sir William Siemens, and received a doctorate from the University of London.
Hopkinson was involved in a number of large pioneering electrification projects. These included the Bessbrook and Newry Tramway, the Snaefell Mountain Railway the Blackpool and Fleetwood tramways and the City and South London Railway. For his work on the C&SLR he was awarded the Telford and George Stephenson Medals by the Institution of Civil Engineers.
In 1884 he joined Mather and Platt engineering company of Salford as head of the electrical engineering department, and rose to become vice-chairman of the company.
In 1918 he was chosen as the Coalition Conservative candidate for the newly formed Clayton constituency of Manchester. He was elected, defeating the Labour MP, J E Sutton. 
He married Minnie Campbell of County Antrim, and they had two children. His elder brothers included the noted physicist and engineer John Hopkinson, and Sir Alfred Hopkinson, vice-chancellor of the University of Manchester, and amongst his nephews were engineer and scientist Bertram Hopkinson, and Austin Hopkinson, MP. Edward Hopkinson died at his residence in Alderley Edge, Cheshire in 1922, aged 62.

</doc>
<doc id="19742920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742920" title="Kandiah Ulaganathan">
Kandiah Ulaganathan

Kandiah Ulaganathan, also known as Colonel Ramanan, was a senior commander of the Tamil Tigers, and was the number two in the Tamil Tiger military wing and its chief intelligence operative in the eastern region. He was from Palukamam, Batticalo District, Sri Lanka.
Early life.
Ulganathan was born in 1966 in Palugaamam to a family of farmers. He studied at the Kandumani Maha Vidyalam. He joined the LTTE in 1986, a year before his brother joined. His brother was killed in a skirmish with the IPKF in 1987.
Death.
Colonel Ramanan was killed by a sniper along Vavunathivu forward defence line on 21 May 2006. Tamilnet claimed the sniper was connected to the Sri Lankan Army, while military forces claimed was ambushed by members of the Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal. They allegedly ambushed him as he was riding a motorcycle. They attempted to detonate a mine, which failed, leading to his demise at the hand of gunshots.

</doc>
<doc id="19742925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742925" title="List of The Longest Journey characters">
List of The Longest Journey characters

This is a list of characters in "The Longest Journey" series of adventure video games, consisting of the original game, ', and '. 
The Longest Journey.
April Ryan.
April Ryan is the heroine of "The Longest Journey"; the human-like daughter of the White Kin (see below) and prophesied to restore the balance, only to break it. April (described on the promotional posters with a tagline "Rebel, Emissary, Chosen") returns as one of the three protagonists of "Dreamfall", wherein she attempts to liberate the Northlands from the Azadi () Empire.
Ragnar Tørnquist stated in an interview that he compared April in "TLJ" to "young inexperienced" Frodo Baggins, whereas in "Dreamfall" she developed into an "Aragorn type character". Although she is represented with attributes of a feminized sex object, she is also part of a trend of strong, beautiful women in a variety of media that don't depend on men to achieve heroic deeds. 
Crow.
Crow is a fast-talking, black-feathered bird who eventually becomes April Ryan's sidekick and is integral to several of the game's challenges, being named by April after "Crowboy", a cartoon hero of her childhood. Crow reprises his role as April's sidekick in "Dreamfall"; but later decides to follow Zoë. April exchanges a magnetized screwdriver for him as a prize from the cups handler.
Burns Flipper.
Burns Flipper is an eccentric, foul-mouthed, paraplegic hacker who provides April with invaluable aid, but betrays her to her enemies and dies rectifying this mistake. 
Gordon Halloway.
Gordon Halloway is the Green Kin's assistant; but later becomes Guardian of the Balance upon reunion with a detached part of his psyche.
Charlie.
Charlie is April's friend and neighbor at the "Border House". "The Longest Journey" presents a possible erotic attachment to April; but it is not explored. In "Dreamfall", it is explained that during the events of "The Longest Journey", he studied dance at April's university, but was prevented by the social 'Collapse'. 
Emma de Vrijer.
Emma de Vrijer (her family name revealed only in "Dreamfall") is April's close friend and neighbor in the Border House in "The Longest Journey". Towards the end of the game, the Vanguard soldiers shoot her in front of April, but she survives and appears again in "Dreamfall".
Her name translates from Dutch as "Emma the Lover."
Fiona and Mickey.
Fiona and Mickey are a lesbian couple who own and manage the "Border House".
Zack Lee.
Zack Lee is a tenant in the Border House who lives across the hall from April; killed after betraying her to the Vanguard. He is viewed by most characters as "an asshole" due to his rude, shameless personality. His major pleasures are sex and drugs.
Vestrum Tobias.
Vestrum Tobias is the highest-ranking "Sentinel", who teaches April Alltongue, a universal language, and who informs her knowledge of the Balance.
Roper Klacks.
Roper F. Klacks is an evil alchemist who lives in a floating castle some miles north of Marcuria. He has a tendency to petrify his victims. April defeats him in a mathematics contest using a pocket calculator acquired from the cups handler after winning his game once. Klacks then steals the calculator, extremely intrigued by it. He is quickly sucked into it, trapping him.
Klacks returns in "Dreamfall" as a magic shop keeper, where he claims redemption.
Brian Westhouse.
Brian Westhouse is a Stark-born adventurer nicknamed "The Rolling Man" by Marcurians because he rides a bicycle, a vehicle foreign to them, who appears briefly in "TLJ" and accompanies Zoë Castillo in "Dreamfall" to one of the few places in Arcadia he has never visited, and scenes in the game suggest that his transition between worlds may be of significant importance to the central plot. He came through a shift while stranted in India in the 1930s, although he cannot shift himself.
Benrime Salmin.
Benrime Salmin is the owner and proprietor of "The Journeyman Inn", an inn located in the Arcadian city of Marcuria. She made her first appearance in "The Longest Journey", where she became a friend and confidante to April Ryan. In "Dreamfall", she often aids April and the resistance movement against the Azadi occupying force. 
Abnaxus.
Abnaxus is the Venar ambassador to the Ayrede Council, and keeper of Venar Stone. While he lives in the City Green of Marcuria, his true home is north of the Border Mountains. His wife is Abyanda, and his daughters are Abratha, Abelexe, and Abpalmana. Because the Venar do not distinguish between past, present, and future, his conjugations are scrambled (e.g. "Enter honored guest, and I would have been with you presently.").
Adrian.
Adrian is the 12th Guardian, detached from his position and later restored by April Ryan. Succeeded by Gordon Halloway.
Lady Alvane.
Lady Alvane is a mysterious old woman who recounts the story of April's quest, and who appeared in the story giving asylum to April, possibly between the worlds. Given her levels of insight into April's future and feelings, some fans speculate that she is an older version of April. Ragnar Tørnquist has taken pains to keep her identity ambiguous.
Wick, Woody, and Willow.
Wick, Woody, and Willow are the three Stickmen that April meets on the island of Atlais. They serve the Mother Tree, a massive tree wherein they build a 'Lunar Cannon' capable of "shooting them to the Moon" where they could live better lives. Wick acts smart-mouthed. Woody acts like a tough New Yorker type. Willow acts like a depressed nerd, and admits he has a bigger brain and is only capable of "useless" things like calculations and book writing.
Dreamfall.
Zoë Castillo.
Zoë Maya Castillo ("Seeker, Nomad, Dreamer") is the protagonist of "Dreamfall". She looks for her ex-boyfriend, Reza Temiz, that has disappeared, and is sent to 'save' April Ryan on the way, discovering more mysteries in the process. Damien Cavanaugh's love interest. According to Ragnar Tørnquist, she is of mixed Spanish-Chinese descent.
Gabriel Castillo.
Gabriel Castillo is Zoë's father who only appears in the beginning and the very end of the game, except where he leaves messages for her.
Wonkers the Watilla.
Wonkers is Zoe's intelligent purple stuffed toy Watilla (a gorilla-like corporate mascot). Wonkers serves as Zoe's assistant, friend, and playmate.
Olivia DeMarco.
Olivia DeMarco is Zoë's best friend. She owns a small electronics and repair shop in Casablanca, and is an expert on the technology of the time period.
Reza Temiz.
Reza Temiz is a journalist who goes under the alias "Jericho", whose disappearance prompts Zoë to begin her quest. Zoë's ex-boyfriend and her close friend.
Damien Cavanaugh.
Damien Cavanaugh works for WATIcorp, a Japanese corporation. When he first appears in the game, he is involved in the development of WATIcorp's top-secret "Project Alchera". He helps Zoë to resolve the mysteries in the WATIcorp and eventually falls in love with her, becoming her love interest later on.
Faith.
Faith is a little girl created as byproduct of Project Alchera, who claims to be Zoë's sister. She was created under Helena Chang's supervision, causing much speculation that Chang may be, in fact, Zoë's missing mother, or a partner thereof.
Helena Chang.
Helena Chang is the scientist who created Faith and Reza's another contact. There are hints in the game that she may be connected to Gabriel Castillo.
Chawan.
Chawan is the oldest of April's henchmen in "Dreamfall".
Brynn.
Brynn is April's henchman in "Dreamfall" who was saved by her from the Azadi and is eager to repay her.
Na'ane.
Na'ane is a mage and April's henchwoman in "Dreamfall". She is tracked down by Kian and forced to lead him to the rebel camp.
Kian Alvane.
Kian Alvane ("Soldier, Apostle, Assassin") is an Azadi soldier and skilled swordsman who resides in the holy city of Sadir. He has pledged his life to the Six Empresses of the Azadi and their Goddess. He is an Apostle, a special agent of the Six, much to the scorn of others in the hierarchy; and eventually comes to sympathize with April.
Sahya.
Sister Sahya is the Azadi governor of Marcuria in "Dreamfall".
Vamon.
Commander Vamon is the commander of the Azadi garrison in Marcuria.
Alvin Peats.
Alvin Peats is one of the villains in "Dreamfall". He is the founder of WATIcorp and Project Alchera, who became a cyborg to continue controlling the company from the shadows.
Samantha Gilmore.
Samantha "Sam" Gilmore is the nominal CEO of WATIcorp.
Twins.
The Twins are WATIcorp's elite enforcers in "Dreamfall". Their names are never revealed, nor does either of them speak in the game.
Prophet.
The Prophet is a mysterious hooded figure who appears only once in "Dreamfall". Much speculation surrounds his true identity.
Draic Kin.
Draic Kin or simply the Kin is a fictional race of ancient dragon-like extraterrestrial sentient beings living on Earth, as featured in the "The Longest Journey" and "Dreamfall", depicted as tremendously powerful and immensely able in magic and science. Their life expectancy can exceed millennia, although they are not immortal. Some of the most ancient legends in Arcadia hint that their nature is similar to that of the Creator, whereas April Ryan defines them as aliens, though no information about their origin is provided.
According to the Arcadian legends, the Kin created the Balance and helped humans Divide the Earth into Stark and Arcadia, thus saving it from imminent destruction. Consequentially, the Draic Kin have been perceived as the good-nature spirits and the protectors of the Balance ever since. It is also a subject of much debate whether the Kin can travel between the Twin Worlds: while no Kin seen in the games has done so, there have been multiple hints that they are capable of doing it, such as when a Starkian Kin refers to an Arcadian priest as if they have met each other personally. When among humans, the Kin assume human forms to fit into the society, although their apparent true form is that of giant reptiles. All Kin seen in the games appear in their reptilian forms at least once in "TLJ", and never in "Dreamfall".
In the games, only four Kin are said to reside in the Twin Worlds; two in Stark and two in Arcadia. 
Red Kin.
The Red Kin goes by the names of Cortez and Manny Chavez. He lives in Stark and maintains the image of an eccentric, unrecognized genius. Cortez readily assists humans who wish to cross the Divide, and he is the first Kin, after the White Mother, who approaches April Ryan in "TLJ", later to appear as her mentor and ultimately to die opposing the Green Kin (see below). Cortez is never identified in the games as the "Red Kin"; but a spirit in the Banda Dig calls him "Cortez the Red".
Green Kin.
The Green Kin is known as Jacob McAllen or the White Cardinal in Stark. He is the head of the Church of Voltec, where his purpose is the reunification of the Twin Worlds at any cost, and de facto the mightiest political figure in Stark. McAllen is the chief antagonist in "TLJ" and appears to be the Kin most interested in science and technology among his brethren. As his plans for the Twin Worlds go against those of Cortez, the two have a constant silent confrontation that culminates in their duel and apparent death. He is the only Kin not directly mentioned in "Dreamfall".
White Kin.
The White Kin is the only female Kin on Earth. She resides in Arcadia and is featured prominently in Arcadian legends as the White Dragon or simply Mother. It is unclear whether "Mother" is an alternative name of the White Kin or a role played in the cosmology of the Twin Worlds. The White Kin is, according to her own statement, April Ryan's parent. In the end of the first game, she dies of exhaustion but is reborn in her younger daughter, to whom April commonly refers as "sister". The young White Kin is a prominent figure in "Dreamfall", helping first April and then Zoë Castillo on their journeys. In the final chapters of "Dreamfall", after April apparently dies at the hands of the Azadi, the young Kin also falls victim to an unknown attacker, whom she apparently recognizes moments before the attack.
Blue Kin.
The Blue Kin, also known as the Old God, is the second Arcadian Kin and the least prominent in the games. While the other Kin actively participate in the life of the Twin Worlds, the Blue sleeps on the bottom of the Sea of Songs awaiting the time to leave Earth for good with his "children", the winged Alatien and the aquatic Maerum. As seen in several scenes of "TLJ", his dragon form is much larger than that of the other Kin, but the players are never shown his human form. He is worshipped as a god by the Maerum (and, possibly, Alatien) and can occasionally extend exclusive authority upon the Dark People, but displays no interest in the Balance and the Twin Worlds. According to the young White Kin, he is already "gone" when the events of "Dreamfall" take place; though whether this signifies death or living departure is not stated.
Dreamfall Chapters.
Very little is known about the cast of "Dreamfall Chapters", except that both Zoë and Kian will be returning.
Mira.
A crime queenpin of Europolis in Stark.
Wit.
A genius technician in Mira's employment.
Falk Friedman.
A Corporate Jäger employed by various global conglomerates and corporations to take care of unofficial, off-the-books business.

</doc>
<doc id="19742933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742933" title="Glen Mazzara">
Glen Mazzara

Glen Mazzara (born July 6, 1967) is an American television producer and writer.
Life and career.
An Italian-American, Mazzara was born in Manhattan and grew up in Queens, New York. He graduated from St. Francis Prep in 1985. He attended NYU and earned a masters in English. He worked as a hospital administrator in New York before moving to Los Angeles to pursue a career as a writer in 1998.
He was a story editor and writer for the fourth and fifth seasons of "Nash Bridges". In 2002, he joined the drama series "The Shield" as an executive story editor and writer for its first season; was promoted to producer for the second season while continuing to write, to supervising producer for the third season, to co-executive producer for the fourth season and to executive producer for the fifth season; and left midway through the sixth season in 2006. Later in 2006 he was an executive producer on the short-lived series "Standoff", and then a co-executive producer on the first season of NBC drama "Life".
Mazzara left "Life" to create and executive produce a new series "Crash", based on the Oscar-winning film of the same name, on which he served as head writer and showrunner. He left after one season, but was credited as a consulting producer for the second season premiere.
In 2009, he joined the medical drama series "Hawthorne" for two seasons as executive producer and writer. In 2010, he wrote his first of several episodes of the AMC series "The Walking Dead", episode 1.5: "Wildfire.
On July 27, 2011, it was reported that Mazzara had taken over as showrunner of "The Walking Dead" after Frank Darabont dropped out of the position. Mazzara left this role following season 3.
In late December 2012, headlines such as the following from the "San Jose Mercury News" (21 December 2012) announced: "'The Walking Dead': Showrunner Glen Mazzara departs after 'difference of opinion'". Statements by AMC - which described the parting as "amicable" - indicate, "Both parties acknowledge that there is a difference of opinion about where the show should go moving forward, and conclude that it is best to part ways." Mazzara continued as the series showrunner and executive producer for the remainder of Season 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19742938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742938" title="William Wroth">
William Wroth

William Wroth (1576–1642), a minister of the Church of England, is generally credited with the establishment of the first Independent Church in Wales in 1639. From 1617 until 1639 Wroth was Rector of the parish church at Llanvaches in Monmouthshire where his Congregationalist chapel was founded.
Life.
Until about 1620 Wroth was apparently ""much addicted to mirth, levity, and music"". However, he became a changed man after one of his parishioners, who had won a legal case in London and had instructed his family to arrange a feast on his return with music provided by Wroth, died on the road home. ""Amidst the general consternation, Mr. Wroth cast away his violin, and falling on his knees in the midst of the company, most fervently prayed for the blessing of God upon this alarming providence.""
In 1633, King Charles I, advised by the Archbishop of Canterbury, William Laud, reissued the "Declaration of Sports". This listed the sports that were permitted on Sundays and other holy days, and was published to counteract the growing Puritan calls for strict abstinence on the Sabbath day. Wroth, Cradock and Erbury all defied the instruction to read the Declaration to their congregations, and in 1634 the Bishop of Llandaff reported Wroth to the Court of High Commission, seeking to remove him from his position. The following year the Bishop admonished Erbury and suspended Cradock who may have been regarded as the ring-leader. Wroth's response was to have inscribed on the churchyard stile the words:"Who Ever hear on Sonday<br>Will Practis Playing At Ball<br>It May be before Monday<br>The Devil Will Have you All"
In 1638 Wroth and Erbury both resigned, but Wroth continued to preach and to gather followers. Meanwhile Cradock, who had become curate at Wrexham, was also now drawing great crowds with his preaching. The infuriated townsfolk of Wrexham, however, forced Cradock to leave and he moved on to Brampton Bryan in Herefordshire.
At Llanvaches, Wroth's preaching became so popular that people travelled from the counties of Somerset, Gloucester, Hereford, Radnor and Glamorgan to hear him. In fact Wroth had to preach in the churchyard because the church was too small to accommodate all those who attended. By 1639, although he had not formally left the Church of England, Wroth is likely to have been ejected from his living at Llanvaches and in response he felt compelled to set up an independent chapel. Wroth is known to have preached at Broad Mead chapel in Bristol, with those of similar views. His new chapel in Llanvaches was organised "according to the New England pattern" - that is, Congregational - and was completed that same year with the help of the fellow leading Dissenter, Henry Jessey. The historic meeting at Llanvaches in November 1639 marked the real beginning of Non-conformism in Wales.
Wroth died in early 1642, shortly before the outbreak of the first English Civil War, and was buried, in accordance with his wishes, beneath the porch at Llanvaches parish church, although no memorial survives. His will, at one time on display in the vestry of the church, read:
The current Tabernacle URC Chapel was built in the 1920s. The original church stood in the neighboring hamlet of Carrow Hill and was rebuilt in Llanvaches in 1802, when a suitable plot of land was found.

</doc>
<doc id="19742946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742946" title="Somersal Herbert Hall">
Somersal Herbert Hall

Somersal Herbert Hall is a privately owned timber-framed 16th-century country house at Somersal Herbert, near Ashbourne, Derbyshire, in England. It is a Grade I listed building.
The Fitzherbert family came to Somersal in the 13th century when the estate was acquired by Thomas Fitzherbert, second son of Sir William Fitzherbert of Norbury. The present timber-framed house was built by John Fitzherbert on the site of an earlier manor house in 1564. The entrance front at the south and other parts were encased in brick in 1712, when the property was enlarged.
The Somersal line of the Fitzherbert family was extinct on the death of Richard Fitzherbert in 1803. The estate was initially sold in 1806 outside the family but was later repurchased by his cousin Alleyne Fitzherbert, 1st Baron St Helens, younger brother of Sir William Fitzherbert, Bt of Tissington. He lent it in 1808 for life to cousins of his, the novelist Frances Jacson (1754–1842) and her sister Maria Jacson (1755–1829), a writer on botany and gardening, who were in financial straits caused by a spendthrift brother. In about 1850 Sir Henry Fitzherbert Bt enlarged the house by the addition of a north wing for his second son Richard who was in occupation of the house in 1881. His son Anthony emigrated to New Zealand and the estate was sold.
It was modernised and restored in 1899; further restoration work was carried out in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19742971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742971" title="Purmer">
Purmer

Purmer is a polder and reclaimed lake in the Netherlands province of North Holland, located between the towns of Purmerend and Edam-Volendam. Windmill reclamation activity began in 1618. Hydraulic engineer Jan Adriaanszoon Leeghwater also had stakes in the reclamation, although he was not directly involved in the project itself. In 1622 all 26.8 km² (10.3 sq mi) were clear of water.
The original lake of Purmer formed part of a small number of landlocked minor seas located in North Holland. Other examples of such minor seas are the lakes of Beemster and Schermer. All these lakes were directly connected to open sea, so salt water could flow in and tidal movements occurred. Purmer lake was connected to both the Zuyderzee inlet and to Beemster lake.
The Purmer's being directly connected to open sea resulted in large-scale shoreline erosion due to wave dynamics and water currents. The high rate of erosion and the need for arable land gave rise to plans for reclamation.
Once reclaimed, Purmer was given to farming, but the polder is now highly urbanised. Most of this urban sprawl is due to the town of Purmerend, which has derived its name from Purmer (the "end of Purmer"). During the 1980s and '90s Purmerend had two residential areas built in Purmer, Purmer-Noord and Purmer-Zuid. In contrast to Beemster and Schermer, Purmer is not a municipality in its own right, being divided among the municipalities of Purmerend, Edam-Volendam, and Waterland. The sparse habitation between Purmerend and Edam-Volendam is often referred to as the hamlet of Purmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19742982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742982" title="Denis Larkin">
Denis Larkin

Denis Larkin (1908 – 2 July 1987) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade union official. He was the son of Dublin trade union leader, James Larkin. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–East constituency at the 1954 general election and was re-elected at the 1957 general election. He lost his seat at the 1961 general election but was re-elected at the 1965 general election. He did not contest the 1969 general election. He served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 1955 to 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19742993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19742993" title="Rex Vicat Cole">
Rex Vicat Cole

Reginald Rex Vicat Cole (1870-1940) was an English landscape painter.
Life.
Vicat Cole was the son of the artist George Vicat Cole and Mary Ann Chignell. He was educated at Eton and began to exhibit in London in 1890. In 1900 he was elected a member of the Royal Society of British Artists.
His preferred subject matter was the landscape of the area surrounding Bolton Abbey in the Yorkshire Dales. In 1900, he married Hannah Gill, the daughter of a Yorkshire farmer. In 1901, an exhibition at Dowdeswell's Gallery collected his work under the title "A Year in Wharfedale". He taught at King's College London with Byam Shaw, and together they opened their own establishment, the Byam Shaw and Vicat Cole School of Art, in Camden Street, Kensington in 1910. At the outbreak of the First World War Vicat Cole and Byam Shaw enlisted in the Artists Rifles although Shaw soon transferred to the Special Constabulary. After Shaw's death in 1919 Vicat Cole was Principal until his retirement in 1926.
In 1905, Vicat Cole and his family began to rent the cottage of Brinkwells near Fittleworth in Sussex, where he found the inspiration for many of his paintings and drawings. Between 1917 and 1921, Cole sub-let the property to Edward Elgar, who composed his last major works there.
Vicat Cole was especially known for his paintings of trees, and he wrote and illustrated a book on "British Trees" (1907), and another on how to depict trees in art, "The Artistic Anatomy of Trees", published in 1915. He also wrote a book on Perspective, and planned another on "The Streets of London", which was never published, although the manuscript survives, as do over two hundred works intended as illustrations.His one-man show "London Old and New" at Robert Dunthorne's Gallery, Vigo Street, London, in 1935, included panel paintings of nearly all the City churches, and large canvases of "London from Waterlow Park" (now in Southampton Art Gallery), "St Paul's from Bankside" and "St Martin-in-the-Fields". Throughout the first three decades of the twentieth century he exhibited landscapes at the Royal Academy's annual exhibitions.
He collapsed and died in 1940 in Sussex whilst helping to rescue a family whose car had become stranded in flood water. The school of art he founded became part of Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in 2003.
Vicat Cole's son, John Cole (1903-1975), trained at the Vicat Cole and Byam Shaw School of became a landscape painter who specialized in representations of old shop-fronts. Like his father, grandfather, and great grandfather (George Cole, 1810-1883), he exhibited at the Royal Academy, and became a member of the Royal Society of British Artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19743010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743010" title="Eastrea railway station">
Eastrea railway station

Eastrea railway station was a station serving the village of Eastrea, Cambridgeshire on the Great Eastern Railway's line from Ely to Peterborough. The station was situated at the level crossing on the road leading south from the village towards Benwick. Two miles east of the station was Three Horseshoes junction from where the Benwick goods railway headed south to Benwick. This station was only temporary and served while near by Whittlesea railway station was getting refurbished and rebuilt. It was going to be built in nearby Turves (Three Horseshoes Junction) where a branch line went to Benwick and this Station was going to be permanent with passenger train services serving from there to Benwick as the curve round towards Benwick was too sharp for passenger trains. These services would terminate at Turves with connecting services to and from Peterborough (east) and March. 
Sample train timetable for February 1863.
The table below shows the train departures from Eastrea on weekdays in February 1863. There was no Sunday service. Eastrea was a request stop. Passengers wishing to alight had to inform the guard at the previous station and those wishing to join had to signal to the driver as the train approached.

</doc>
<doc id="19743049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743049" title="Wahama High School">
Wahama High School

Wahama Junior/Senior High School is located in Mason, West Virginia. It is the second-largest high school in the county.
Wahama High School was established in 1925 and its unusual name was derived from the first two letters of each of the three area districts: Waggener, Hartford, Mason.
The school's stadium was built in 1948 and named Bachtel Stadium. 
In 1962, the school's enrollment had increased to add a brand new Junior High Building. By the 1971 - 1972 school year, it was decided that the newer junior high building would become the new high school and vice versa. 
The old high school building served as the junior high building until 1989. The cafeteria was still connected to the building until 1996 when a new one was built. The junior high building faced the wrecking ball in 1999.
Athletics.
The White Falcons belong to the West Virginia Secondary School Activities Commission (WVSSAC) and the Tri-Valley Conference, a 16-member athletic conference located in southeastern Ohio. The conference is divided into two divisions based on school size. The Ohio Division features the larger schools and the Hocking Division features the smaller schools. Wahama is the first school located in the State of West Virginia to join the Tri Valley Conference.
Football.
Football is the most popular sport at Wahama and draws great crowd support each fall. Wahama has repeatedly clinched post-season playoff berths to become one of the top programs in single A. The 2001 and 2003 teams made final four appearances and both times fell to the Moorefield Yellowjackets, led by Reed Williams and company. Leading the White Falcon football squad is head coach Ed Cromley, and assistant coaches Joe Johnson, Dave Barr, Tom Cullen, Rick Kearns, Donnie VanMeter and Aaron Faulk. Volunteer support staff include Jodie Roush and Scott Johnson. 
In 2010, Wahama posted a 10-0 regular season and their first league championship in their first year of being a member of the TVC hocking division. They won their first 3 playoff games with victories over St. Marys (19-0), East Hardy (73-38), and Wirt County (31-14). Wahama lost the championship game to Wheeling Central Catholic in the school's first appearance at the Super Six at Wheeling Island Stadium.
Two years later, in its second Super Six appearance, Wahama battled to overtime against Madonna. The White Falcons converted a two-point conversion to win the school's first state title, by a score of 43-42.
Baseball.
The Wahama High School baseball team has a rich history in being competitive each year. The baseball team has two WVSSAC state titles; the first was in 1996 when the White Falcons defeated the Van High School Bulldogs 3-2. They claimed their second title in 1998 by defeating the Moorefield High School Yellowjackets 9-4. They also have numerous Regional and Sectional titles under their belt.

</doc>
<doc id="19743058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743058" title="1986 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France">
1986 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France

The 1986 Kangaroo tour was the sixteenth Kangaroo Tour where the Australian side plays a number of matches against British and French rugby league teams, in additions to the Test matches. The next Kangaroo Tour was staged in 1990.
Australia continued its dominance, winning both Test series against Great Britain and France, going through the entire tour undefeated in a repeat of the 1982 Invincibles. The 1986 team became known as "The Unbeatables". In twenty matches they scored 136 tries and conceded only 16, posting 738 points for and 126 against. Terry Lamb became the first player to appear in every match on a Kangaroo Tour.
The team was coached by 1956/57 Kangaroo Tourist Don Furner, who also coached the Canberra Raiders in the NSWRL, and were captained by Queensland captain Wally Lewis. This was the first time a Queensland based player had captained a Kangaroo Tour since Tom Gorman led the 1929/1930 Tour. Tour managers were Gordon Treichel and J. Fleming.
Squad.
Of the 28 players selected to go on the tour 23 were from clubs of the New South Wales Rugby League and 5 were from clubs of the Brisbane Rugby League. This was the last time players from Queensland based competitions were selected for a Kangaroo Tour.
Great Britain.
The crowd of 50,583 for the first test at the famous Old Trafford ground in Manchester, set a record for an international match on British soil. The Ashes series against Great Britain saw an record aggregate Ashes series crowd in England with 101,560 attending the three tests.
The Ashes series.
This match also counted as part of the 1985–88 Rugby League World Cup.
France.
The Australians' win over France in the final match of the tour, which counted as part of the ongoing 1985-88 World Cup tournament, was a record margin for a test match.
Statistics.
Leading Try Scorer
Leading Point Scorer
Largest Attendance
Largest Club Game Attendance

</doc>
<doc id="19743068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743068" title="Lokomotiv Stadium (Perovo)">
Lokomotiv Stadium (Perovo)

Lokomotiv Stadium (Perovo) is a multi-use stadium in Moscow, Russia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Lokomotiv-2 Moscow. Presently the stadium holds 500 people, all seated. Its surface is an artificial pitch. The situated is situated a few metres away from the Perovo Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="19743072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743072" title="Simeon Radev">
Simeon Radev

Simeon Traychev Radev (; 19 January 1879–15 February 1967) was a Bulgarian writer, journalist, diplomat and historian most famous for his three-volume book "The Builders of Modern Bulgaria".
Radev was born in the town of Resen in the Macedonia region of the Ottoman Empire in 1879. He studied at the Bulgarian schools in Resen, Ohrid and Bitola before finishing the Galatasaray High School in Istanbul. He graduated in law from the University of Geneva, where he studied with Venelin Ganev. Radev became interested in journalism and was a regular contributor to the "Evening Mail" newspaper from 1901 on; he later became editor and editor-in-chief of the newspaper. In 1905, he started issuing the "Artist" magazine. In 1908, he participated in the foundation of the Union of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs, a Bulgarian political party in the Ottoman Empire. Later, he created the daily newspaper "Will" and was active in its publication. Towards that time he published his book "The Builders of Modern Bulgaria", one of the largest original historiographic studies of Bulgaria at the time. The book was an in-depth study of the Principality of Bulgaria's formation and its early political years.
From an early age Radev devoted himself to diplomacy. In 1913, he participated in the conference which led to the signing of the Treaty of Bucharest; he remained a Bulgarian minister plenipotentiary in Bucharest until 1916. After Romania joined World War I, he was moved to Berne, Switzerland. In 1917, he handed in his resignation, left Switzerland and joined the Bulgarian Army as a soldier of the Macedonian-Adrianopolitan Volunteer Corps. Towards the end of the war Radev was one of the Bulgarian representatives who signed the Thessaloniki Armistice. After the war, Radev was Bulgarian minister plenipotentiary in The Hague, Ankara, Washington, D.C., London and Brussels. He was the first Bulgarian delegate to the League of Nations in Geneva.
In 1918, Radev published his book "Macedonia and the Bulgarian Revival in the 19th Century" in French; it was translated to Bulgarian in 1927 and republished as an issue of the Macedonian Scientific Institute, of which Radev was a member. Besides being active in historiography, journalism and diplomacy, Radev was an avid connoisseur of literature and arts. He published several critical articles and took an active part in Bulgaria's literary and artistic life. Some of his articles were published in the book "Insights into the Literate and Arts and Personal Memories", released in 1965 and provoking a significant interest.
Simeon Radev died aged 88 in the Bulgarian capital Sofia on 15 February 1967, only several days after his last book "Early Memories" was ready for printing. Reportedly, his last words were "Did I give anything to Bulgaria?".
Radev Point on Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Simeon Radev.

</doc>
<doc id="19743079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743079" title="Richard Valentine Morris">
Richard Valentine Morris

Richard Valentine Morris (March 8, 1768 Morrisania, then in Westchester County, now in The Bronx, New York City - May 1815 New York City) was a United States Navy officer.
Life.
He was the son of Lewis Morris, a signer of the Declaration of Independence. 
Appointed as Captain on 7 June 1798, Morris was in command of , during the Quasi-War with France and made several successful captures of French vessels. At the reduction of the US Navy after the war with France, Morris was retained as fifth in rank and recalled to command the Mediterranean Squadron in 1802 during the First Barbary War. In command of , Morris led an unsuccessful blockade of Tripoli, mostly remaining in Gibraltar for the better part of 1803. Morris was relieved of duty and command of the squadron would turn over to Edward Preble in . Recalled to the United States, Morris faced a court of inquiry and was dismissed from the naval service on May 14, 1804. 
Morris was a Federalist member of the New York State Assembly (Westchester Co.) in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="19743083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743083" title="Claude Rich">
Claude Rich

Claude Rich (born 8 February 1929 in Strasbourg) is a French actor. He began his career as a theater actor, before his film debut in 1955 with René Clair, "Les Grandes Manoeuvres".
He married the actress Catherine Renaudin on 26 June 1959. They have 2 daughters, Delphine Rich (an actress) and Nathalie.
In 1996, he was a member of the jury at the 46th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19743102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743102" title="Fana (municipality)">
Fana (municipality)

Fana is a former municipality in the county of Hordaland, Norway. The parish of "Fane" was established as a formannskapsdistrikt, the predecessor of today's municipalities ("kommune"), 1 January 1838. Fana, in addition to Arna, Laksevåg and Åsane, was merged with Bergen 1 January 1972. The area of the former municipality is today made up by the boroughs of Ytrebygda, Fana and Fyllingsdalen, as well as the southernmost parts of Årstad, in Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="19743162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743162" title="2008 EU Cup Australian rules football">
2008 EU Cup Australian rules football

The 2008 EU Cup of Australian rules football was held in Prague (Czech Republic) on October 11, 2008, with 12 teams. The championship was won by England, defeating Croatia in the final.
Final round.
1/8-finals
9-12 places
Quarter finals
5-8 places
Semifinals
11-12 places
9-10 places
7-8 places
5-6 places
3-4 places
FINAL

</doc>
<doc id="19743172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743172" title="Selva (director)">
Selva (director)

Selva (fl. 1990s) is an Indian director active in Tamil film. He often specializes in film remakes and directed a series of hits the 1990s. His first film 'Thalaivasal' launched the career of many. His noted film are "Amaravathi", "Karna", "Pooveli", "James Bond", "Unnaruge Naanirunthal", "Student Number 1" and "Naan Avan Illai". He introduced Ajith through his second film "Amaravathi".
Career.
Despite the commercial failure of "Sishya", Karthik chose to collaborate with Selva again in "Pooveli" and the film became a large commercial success. The success of the film subsequently brought him several offers including the opportunity to make a third film with Karthik in "Rojavanam", a romantic love story set in the backdrop of an old people's home. He also shortly after planned a project titled "Nanba" with Arjun, which ultimately failed to materialise.

</doc>
<doc id="19743201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743201" title="Pingrup, Western Australia">
Pingrup, Western Australia

Pingrup is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
The name of the town is Indigenous Australian in origin and was the name of a lake that is close to the townsite.The meaning of the word is unknown. The name first appeared on charts of the area in 1873.
The townsite came into being as a terminus of the Nyabing railway when it was extended into the area in 1923. The townsite was gazetted in 1924.
The surrounding areas produce wheat and other cereal crops. The town is a receival site for Cooperative Bulk Handling.

</doc>
<doc id="19743211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743211" title="Robert Burdon Stoker">
Robert Burdon Stoker

Robert Burdon Stoker (19 June 1859 – 4 September 1919) was a British shipping magnate and Conservative politician.
Shipping career.
Stoker was born in north-east England and aged 17 was given his first ship, a 500-ton coaster, by his father. He entered a Liverpool sailing ship firm, involved in the American and Canadian trades, and became its manager. In 1882, he was invited by Christopher Furness, a director of the Furness, Withy (FW) shipping group, to become one of his aides. 
Stoker opened an office in Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the start of the Furness Line's operations to North America and within two years the line was operating ten ships on the North Atlantic. Stoker was asked to open an FW office in London in 1890, by which time he owned a 3,500-ton tramp steamer named the "Sydenham" and later the steamer "Knutsford". Furness, Withy and Company was formed in 1891, with Christopher Furness as chairman and Stoker as ship director. Stoker went to New York in 1896 on behalf of FW to buy the Philadelphia Trans-Atlantic Line, returning after six months. 
On the formation of Manchester Liners Limited (ML) in 1898, FW took a major shareholding in the new company and Stoker resigned from FW's board to become ML's first managing director. A contemporary article in "Syren and Shipping" said that Stoker was a "shred man of business, an able administrator at the head of affairs and the capital of Lancashire behind it, ML should flourish exceedingly". On the death in 1912 of Lord Furness, as he had become, Stoker was elected as chairman of ML, remaining in office until his death. 
Stoker's son, Kenneth Stoker, became a director of ML in 1919 and managing director in 1932. He retired in June 1968 after 49 years service. Kenneth's son, also Robert Burdon Stoker, joined ML in 1932 and retired as chairman in 1979. 
Stoker was also a director of the Manchester Ship Canal Company and was elected president of the Manchester Steamship Owners Association. In 1917 he became President of the Manchester Chamber of Commerce. Stoker had lived in Knutsford.
Parliamentary work.
In March 1918 the sitting MP for Manchester South, major Philip Glazebrook, was killed in action. Stoker was chosen as the Coalition Conservative candidate for the vacant seat, and was elected unopposed.
The Representation of the People Act 1918 reorganised Manchester's constituencies, and Stoker was elected as first MP for the new Rusholme constituency. 
R B Stoker died at his home in September 1919, aged 60 after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19743217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743217" title="Hellenic Associations of Young Entrepreneurs">
Hellenic Associations of Young Entrepreneurs

Esyne (in Greek: ΕΣΥΝΕ or Ελληνικοί Σύνδεσμοι Νέων Επιχειρηματιών - Ομοσπονδία, Hellenic Associations of New Entrepreneurs - Federation) is an organisation in Greece that focuses on new entrepreneurs.
Esyne has the support of the Office of Europarl in Greece (see also Europarl) of the Municipality of Athens ([http://www.cityofathens.gr/). Esyne is a member of the European Confederation of Young Entrepreneurs ([http://www.yes.be/], YES).
Esyne has, notably, organised the Global Entrepreneurship Week to be held between 19 and 25 November 2008 under the aegis of the Greek Ministry of Development (YPAN).
The organisation also operates the esynefriends social network.

</doc>
<doc id="19743220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743220" title="Stormforce 10">
Stormforce 10

Stormforce 10 is a ride that recreates the story of a lifeboat rescue, launched in association with the RNLI. The ride is located at Drayton Manor Theme Park near Tamworth, Staffordshire, England. It holds the title of the world's first charitable ride and accepts donations on site. Opening in 1999 to replace the ageing log flume, the idea was said to have been thought up by the manager's nephew. Along with G-Force, Stormforce 10 is the most popular ride in the park. It starts with a small drop into water and is followed by a backwards drop and finally a larger drop. For every ride photograph sold, a donation is made to the RNLI (a scheme through which Drayton Manor has raised £66,000), allowing them to fund a lifeboat called 'Drayton Manor' (an Atlantic 85 rescue boat).

</doc>
<doc id="19743222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743222" title="List of Little House on the Prairie locations">
List of Little House on the Prairie locations

List of places appearing in the "Little House on the Prairie" books and TV series, as well as, connected with the "real Ingalls".

</doc>
<doc id="19743232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743232" title="Kelly Reichardt">
Kelly Reichardt

Kelly Reichardt is a screenwriter and film director working within American indie cinema. Her credits include "Old Joy", "Wendy and Lucy", and "Meek's Cutoff".
Biography.
Her debut film "River of Grass" was released in 1994. It was nominated for three Independent Spirit Awards, as well as the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival. In 1999, she completed her sophomore feature, "Ode", based on Herman Raucher's novel "Ode to Billie Joe". Next, she made two short films, "Then a Year", made in 2001, and "Travis", which deals with the Iraq War, in 2004.
Most of her films are regarded to be part of the minimalist movement in films.
In 2006, she completed "Old Joy", based on a short story in Jon Raymond's collection "Livability". Daniel London and singer-songwriter Will Oldham portray two friends who reunite for a camping trip to the Cascades and Bagby Hot Springs, near Portland, Oregon. The film won awards from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, Rotterdam International Film Festival, and Sarasota Film Festival. Neil Kopp won the Producer's Award at the 2007 Independent Spirit Awards for his work on "Old Joy" and "Paranoid Park".
For her next film, "Wendy and Lucy", she and Jon Raymond adapted another story from "Livability". The film was released in December 2008 and earned Oscar buzz for lead actress Michelle Williams. It was nominated for Best Film and Best Female Lead at the Independent Spirit Awards.
She then directed "Meek's Cutoff", a western starring Michelle Williams. It competed for the Golden Lion at the 67th Venice International Film Festival.
In 2013 her film Night Moves debuted in competition at the 70th Venice International Film Festival.
Reichardt is also an Artist-in-Residence in the Film and Electronic Arts program at Bard College. Ms. Reichardt is the recipient of a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowship 

</doc>
<doc id="19743242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743242" title="Bellchambers (Surrey cricketer)">
Bellchambers (Surrey cricketer)

Bellchambers (first name, birth and death details unknown) was a professional cricketer of the 18th century. 
Most of his career took place before cricket's "statistical record" began in 1772 with scorecards being regularly compiled. He is recorded in only two major cricket matches in 1768 and 1769.
As he played for Henry Rowett's Caterham team in 1769, he is believed to have been a Surrey player, though his 1768 appearance was for Sir Horatio Mann's team in a single wicket match.

</doc>
<doc id="19743245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743245" title="Bhunjia">
Bhunjia

The Bhunjia are a scheduled tribe found in the state of Orissa in India. There homeland is the Sunabeda plateau which is roughly between 21° 25° North and 21° 30° north latitude and 82° 35° East longitude. It was a part of Khariar Zamindari, which formed the eastern and the southeastern region of Raipur district of Chhatisgarh division in Central Province till 1 April 1936, when it was transferred to Orissa on its creation. It is now in Komna block of Nuapada district in Orissa.
Nearly 62 tribal groups are living in Orissa, out of which 10 tribal groups may be identified in Nuapada. The Bhunjias, a primitive tribe of Orissa, are found in Nuapada. Nuapada is considered as the homeland of the Bhunjias. 75 percent of the total population of this tribe lives here. They are living in the uphill range of Sunabeda plateau in Nuapada.
According to the 1981 Census the population of Bhunjia was 7000 and now it must be around 10000. Accordingly 75 percent of populations i.e. about 7500 Bhunjias are living in Nuapada. According to the tribe, the term "Bhunjia" means growing out of land or origin from the earth.
History and origin.
The Bhunjia, have racial and cultural affinity with the Gonds of Orissa. There are so many myths among the Bhunjia and the Gond, which speak of strong relationship among the Gonds and the Bhunjias. On setting in the Sunabeda plateau, the Bhunjias did not have marital relations with any tribal group, but in course of time, when the Gonds came into their area, marital relation was established with them. From this the population was divided into two inter-marrying groups, namely Markam and Netarn. Due to this close proximity with the Gonds, Bhunjias have adopted many of the Gods and Goddesses of the Gonds as their own. The two groups worship God and Goddesses common to the locality such as Budharaja and Sunadei.
Subdivisions.
Bhunjias are divided into two main sections i.e. Chinda Bhunjia and Chaukhutia Bhunjia. The Chaukhutia Bhunjia are confined exclusively to the hills of the Sunabeda plateau in ecologically secluded areas for which they maintain distance from the outsiders. But the Chinda Bhunjia generally lives in the plains and have close contact with the tribal and non-tribal communities. The religious life of Bhunjia is very simple. They believe in many Gods and Goddesses who are worshipped in different months on different ritual occasions.
Language.
They speak Halbi language, a mixture of Oriya, Marathi and Chhatisgarhi. However K.C.Dubey analyzing the myth and oral tradition of Chhatisgarh, considers the Bhunjia as a branch of Halbas of Baster, who fled from Baster due to their quarrel with Dhakars

</doc>
<doc id="19743247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743247" title="Betsy (dog)">
Betsy (dog)

"Betsy" is a black and white longhaired Border Collie, credited with being one of the world's most intelligent dogs.
Biography.
Betsy (born 2002) lives in Vienna, Austria with her owner, who goes by the pseudonym ""Schäfer"" (). Betsy is also a pseudonym given to her by animal cognition researchers. At ten weeks of age, Betsy was able to sit on command and knew numerous objects, such as a ball and set of keys, by their name and would fetch them on verbal command. Betsy was discovered after her owner answered a request by "National Geographic Magazine" to submit intelligent animals for study. Betsy was one of two dogs (both of which were Border Collies) whose intelligence was beyond that of Rico, also a Border Collie, who knows over 200 words. Betsy was featured on the cover of the March 2008 edition of "National Geographic".
Intelligence.
Betsy has a vocabulary of more than 340 words, which rivals that of the great apes, in terms of intelligence and lateral thinking. After hearing a word only twice, Betsy is able to decipher that the sound is a command or instruction and regards it as such. Betsy is believed to learn in the same way that human toddlers do, if not faster. Betsy is capable of interpreting the correlation between a two-dimensional photograph and the object it depicts, and is able to retrieve the item simply by seeing the image, despite never having seen the depicted object or the photograph before. During testing, Betsy retrieved the correct item 38 out of 40 times. Betsy knows 15 people by only their name. It is believed that Betsy's unusual intelligence can be attributed to dogs' prolonged association with humans, evolution and her breed—the Border Collie was found to be the most intelligent breed of dog by psychology professor Stanley Coren in his book "The Intelligence of Dogs". Juliane Kaminski, a cognitive psychologist who tested Betsy, hypothesised that her abilities are the result of the use of the Border Collie breed as working dogs, their high motivation levels and that they historically had to pay close attention to their owners' commands when engaged in herding.

</doc>
<doc id="19743251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743251" title="Keempee de Leon">
Keempee de Leon

Joseph Joachim de Leon or known as Keempee de Leon (born on January 8, 1973) is a Filipino actor, comedian, singer-songwriter and TV host. He is the son of Joey de Leon and Daria Ramirez.
Career.
Keempee de Leon started his showbiz career in 1989 via the Viva Films movie "I Love You Three Times a Day", where he was paired with Gelli de Belen and worked with soon-to-be-co-host of "Eat Bulaga!", Jimmy Santos. Soon after, he became a regular fixture in three TV shows: "Eat Bulaga", "That's Entertainment" and "Agila". In 1990, he was a subject of a tug-of-war between Regal Films and Viva Films when Regal got Keempee to appear as lead role in the romantic comedy movie "Romeo Loves Juliet" opposite Aiko Melendez. In the end, Keempee chose to remain with Viva Films and signed a contract. In 1992, he was launched as a junior action star via the movie "Jesus dela Cruz at ang mga Batang Riles" with Ana Roces as his leading lady. The action film was a mild success and it was followed up with "Blue Jeans Gang" with Dennis Padilla and Leah Orosa as co-stars. However, unlike "Batang Riles", "Blue Jeans Gang" was a flop at the box-office.
Keempee openly admitted to the public in 1993 that he became a victim of drug abuse and as a result, he underwent rehabilitation at New Beginnings in Sucat, Parañaque. Despite this however, he managed to finish two big movies before he went on sabbatical. The two big movies were: Viva's "Sana'y Ikaw na Nga" with Christopher de Leon and Vina Morales, and "Alyas Batman en Robin" with dad Joey de Leon. After his rehabilitation, he became a member of Victory Christian Fellowship while resuming his stalled showbiz career in 1994.
He had his biggest break on TV by playing a leading role in GMA's Villa Quintana with Donna Cruz as his leading lady. He is a former VIVA contract star along with other members of "That's Entertainment" Donna Cruz, Jessa Zaragosa, Vina Morales and others. He became Best Drama Actor for Villa Quintana in Star Awards for television. He was also a co-host in GMA Supershow from 1995–1997 and a gag performer in IBC 13's Goin' Bayabas, a remake of the '80s gag show "Goin' Bananas" in 1998.
In 2002, after he graduated and finished his studies at college, he returned to the small screen via ABS-CBN's "Klasmeyts" and "Recuerdo de Amor", but in 2004, he returned to GMA Network where he was signed up to portray the gay Harold in "Bahay Mo Ba 'To?". In the sitcom he was paired with Francine Prieto. Their tandem became a hit and he continued playing gay roles in the reality sitcom "Kung Ako Ikaw" and in films.
In 2008, Keempee returned to primetime via "LaLola" which stars Rhian Ramos and JC de Vera. He also returned to comedy film for his comeback movie, "Iskul Bukol: 20 Years After", an official entry to the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival, together with Tito & Vic Sotto and his father, Joey De Leon, with co-stars Jimmy Santos, Jose Manalo, Carlene Aguilar, Pauleen Luna & Ryan Agoncillo. After LaLola, Keempee plays Paul in the Philippine remake of Korean drama "All About Eve". Currently, Keempee co-hosts a singing completion "Are You The Next Big Star?" where he works with famous singer, Regine Velasquez
Keempee Hairstyle.
Keempee de Leon sported a haircut back in the 90s that was imitated by young men at the time. Named after him, Keempee, is parted in the middle of the head and long bangs reach as far as the ears. Up until today, Keempee, the hairstlye, is considered a trademark of the era.
Personal life.
He has his child with his former wife. His past relationships were Manilyn Reynes, Carmina Villaroel, Ara Mina, Pauleen Luna and Vina Morales.

</doc>
<doc id="19743253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743253" title="Pernille Holmboe">
Pernille Holmboe

Pernille Holmboe (born 2 May 1977 in Bærum, Norway) is a Norwegian model widely known as the face of the Swedish clothing company Gina Tricot, with whom she had a long-running contract, that was terminated in 2010. She is especially known for this among Norwegians, to whom she has been "synonymous" with the brand.
She has been modeling since her teens, first in Milan and Paris, and then New York City, before moving to London.
After six years as the face for Gina Tricot she has resigned and replaced by Brazilian model Emanuela de Paula in 2010. One of the reasons for the change was because she got pregnant according to Victor Appelqvist, marketing director at Gina Tricot. In 2011 she started her own fashion brand, Cameo, together with Norwegian fashion designer Tale Hagelsteen.
Holmboe currently resides in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19743255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743255" title="Don't You Want Me Baby">
Don't You Want Me Baby

Don't You Want Me Baby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743260" title="Tarun Tejpal">
Tarun Tejpal

Tarun J Tejpal (born March 15, 1963) is an Indian journalist, publisher, novelist and former editor-in-chief of "Tehelka" magazine. In November 2013, he stepped down as editor for six months after a woman colleague accused him of Sexual assault, he was arrested in relation to the accusations on 30 November, 2013. He is currently in prison seeking bail from the Bombay High Court after the Goa Bench declined to give him such relief.
Early life and career.
Tejpal's father was in the Indian Army and because of this, he grew up in many parts of country. He graduated in economics from Panjab University in Chandigarh in Punjab. Tejpal met his wife Geetan Batra in 1984 while in college and married her in 1985; they have two daughters, Tiya and Cara.
He began his career in 1980s, with the "The Indian Express" and he moved to New Delhi to join a magazine now defunct called "India 2000". In 1984, he joined "India Today" magazine, then "The Financial Express" in 1994 and later helped found the rival publication, "Outlook", where he worked for several years. Meanwhile he founded a publishing company, India Ink, which published Arundhati Roy's Booker Prize winning novel "The God of Small Things" in 1998.
He left "Outlook" in March 2000, to start "tehelka.com", an online independent news and views magazine which soon came to be known for its sting investigations, mainly for Operation West End. The website was relaunched as a national weekly newspaper, "Tehelka" in January 2007, it became a weekly magazine.
In 2010, He was presented with "Award for Excellence in Journalism" by the International Press Institute's India Chapter Award In 2001 "Business Week" named him as amongst the 50 leaders at the forefront of change in Asia, later in 2009, the magazine named him amongst, "India's 50 Most Powerful People 2009". "The Guardian" included him in its list of "India's elite" for being a "Pioneer of a brand of sting journalism which has transformed Indian media" in 2006.
Sexual harassment allegation.
On 20 November 2013, "Tehelka" magazine informed its staff that Tejpal was stepping down as editor for six months, after a woman colleague alleged that she had been sexually assaulted by him. This received intense public attention and media scrutiny especially because Tejpal and his magazine had previously been involved in highlighting the issue of sexual violence in India, including in a special issue on the topic in February of the year. Police in the state of Goa, where the incident took place, have filed a First Information Report (FIR) which lists charges, including rape, against him. A non-bailable warrant was issued against him by the Goa Police. He was arrested by Goa police on 30 November, 2013.
Novels.
Tejpal's debut novel "The Alchemy of Desire" (2006), won "Le Prix Mille Pages", it was followed by "Story of my Assassins" (2010). "The Valley of Masks" (2011) was longlisted for Man Asian Literary Prize 2011. "The Alchemy of Desire" got Tejpal nominated for the Bad Sex Award literary prize in Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19743266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743266" title="Alastair Borthwick">
Alastair Borthwick

Alastair Charles Borthwick OBE (17 February 1913 – 25 September 2003) was a Scottish author and broadcaster whose books recorded the popularisation of climbing as a working class sport in Scotland, and the Second World War from the perspective of an infantryman.
Biography.
Borthwick was born in Rutherglen but raised in Troon and later Glasgow where he attended Glasgow High School and was a member of the school's Officer Training Corps. He left school at the age of sixteen to become a copytaker for the Evening Times. Soon afterwards, he joined the Glasgow Weekly Herald, a smaller newspaper where, as part of a staff of five, he wrote on a wide variety of topics, including front page leads, the women's and children's pages and compiling the crossword. 
It was through writing for the Herald's "Open Air" page that he discovered rock climbing, an activity which had traditionally been the preserve of the well off, but was becoming increasingly popular with young, working-class Glaswegians. The nascent subculture of poor but resourceful people hitchhiking north, camping or "dossing" in caves and bothies became the mainstay of his Open Air columns, and later his first book, "Always a Little Further", which was published in 1939. 
The book documented this social change, which Ken Wilson described as "...as if a group of East Enders had suddenly decided to take up grouse-shooting or polo," with accounts of encounters with tramps, tinkers and hawkers, and of hitching to Ben Nevis in a lorry full of dead sheep, all described in Borthwick's humorous style. It became a classic and has never been out of print since its publication.
During the Second World War Borthwick served with a variety of British Army units in North Africa, Sicily and Western Europe. Initially he served as a private in the Highland Light Infantry, but due to his OTC experience was to have been commissioned as a second lieutenant on 2 September 1939. However, for some reason this commission was cancelled and in the end he was not commissioned until 3 November 1941, by which time he was a lance-corporal.
He worked mainly as a Battalion Intelligence Officer and reached the rank of captain. He transferred to the Reconnaissance Corps on 14 January 1941, having by then being promoted to war substantive lieutenant. He transferred to the 5th Seaforth Highlanders on 13 October 1944. His most significant feat came in the Netherlands towards the end of the War, when he led a battalion of 600 men behind enemy lines in the dark, relying on his sense of direction as the maps were inaccurate. The Germans woke up the next morning to find the British dug in behind them.
After the War, Borthwick wrote his second book, "Sans Peur" (republished as "Battalion" in 1994), which was a history of his regiment during the second half of the war. Unlike many regimental histories written by committees or retired generals, it was written from the perspective of a junior officer who fought on the front line, and was highly acclaimed.
For the rest of his career Borthwick worked mainly as a television and radio broadcaster, writing and presenting programs on subjects from Joseph McCarthy to Bonnie Prince Charlie. He regarded "Scottish Soldier" as his best work from this period. It was a thirteen part series about the history of the Scottish regiments, told from the point of view of the infantryman. He was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1952 New Year Honours for his part in organizing an engineering exhibition as part of the Festival of Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19743268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743268" title="List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Libya">
List of Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Libya

The Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Libya is the United Kingdom's foremost diplomatic representative in Libya, and in charge of the UK's diplomatic mission in Tripoli.
Ambassadors.
Diplomatic relations were broken over the murder of WPC Yvonne Fletcher in 1984. Britain and Libya resumed diplomatic relations in July 1999.
From March to October 2011 the British Embassy in Tripoli was closed due to the Libyan civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="19743288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743288" title="PuntuLLI">
PuntuLLI

PuntuLLI is an association that promotes the creation of a top level domain in the Domain Name System of the Internet for the Leonese language and culture.
Objectives.
PuntuLLI has three main efforts:
More than 800 people were added as of April 2009, and 44 organisations that supported the campaign.
Activities.
PuntuLLI was the official sponsor of the "I Campionatu de Bandas de Gaitas de País Llïonés" (2008) (Ist Leonese Country Bagpipe Bands Championship) and the official supporter of the "III Día de la Llingua Llïonesa" (2008) (IIIrd Leonese Language Day).

</doc>
<doc id="19743303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743303" title="1932–33 Prima Divisione">
1932–33 Prima Divisione

This articles is about the 1932-1933 season of Italian championship of Prima Divisione.
In 1928, FIGC had decided a reform of the league structure of Italian football. The top-level league was the National Division, composed by the two divisions of Serie A and Serie B. Under them, there were the local championship, the major one being the First Division, that in 1935 will take the name of Serie C. Starting this season, the winners of the nine groups of First Division would be admitted to the final rounds, where three tickets of promotion to Serie B were available, whereas the scheduled relegations were annulled by the Federation which expanded the division, as the scheduled promotions were increased for an enlargement of next Serie B season. From this season, reserve teams of club belonging to National Division were admitted in First Division.
Girone A.
Calendario.
Foggia, Perugia and Vezio Parducci Viareggio promoted to Serie B 1933-34. Later admitted to Serie B also the other finalists.

</doc>
<doc id="19743358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743358" title="2008 in economics">
2008 in economics


</doc>
<doc id="19743387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743387" title="Ashanti (1982 film)">
Ashanti (1982 film)

Ashanti is a 1982 Hindi-language action-crime film directed by Umesh Mehra, starring Rajesh Khanna, Mithun Chakraborty, Zeenat Aman, Parveen Babi, Shabana Azmi and Amrish Puri.

</doc>
<doc id="19743388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743388" title="Silvaneh District">
Silvaneh District

Silvaneh District () is one of the five districts (bakhsh) in Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. It is west of Lake Urmia, and lies between the city of Urmia and the Turkish border. Its administrative center is the city of Silvaneh. At the 2006 census, its population was 52,752, in 9,140 families. The District has one city: Silvaneh. The District has three rural districts ("dehestan"): Dasht Rural District, Margavar Rural District, and Targavar Rural District.
The population of the district is mostly Kurdish.
Borders.
Silvaneh District is bordered:

</doc>
<doc id="19743401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743401" title="Kathir">
Kathir

Kathir is a very popular Tamil filmmaker. Composer A. R. Rahman had composed music for most of his films; and hence many of them were dubbed into Hindi and musically successful.
Producer.
Kadhal Virus - 2001-02Written and Produced and Directed by KathirThe movie was produced by Kathir's own production house SOUND & LIGHT STUDIOS. A heart wrenching film portrays a filmmaker’s sacred and eternal love. The film’s intense and passionate music was composed by A.R.Rahman. The astounding real computer graphics used in the song “Sonnalum keatpathilai Kanni manathu” got Kathir raving reviews. Through this film, which starred Vivek (comedian) and Abbas, Kathir introduced the lead actors, Sridevi and Richard and also a new cinematographer Arjun. The film received the State award for best photography.
Biography.
Kathir was born in Kalkarai, a small village in the Radhapuram taluk district of Thirunelveli, state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Kathir grew up in a middle-class family as the only son along with his three sisters. His father Subbiah was a farmer and mother Isakiammal assisted him in his farming. Kathir had his elementary schooling in Kalkarai Chiristian elementary school. He finished his 5th standard there and joined Nehru middle school, Vadakangulam. After completing his 8th standard there he attended the Concordia high school, Vadakangulam for just one year to study 9th standard. Then joined St. Teresa’s school in Vadakangulam. He completed his school studies here.
During his school days he was interested in arts and spent his leisure time painting. The walls in his house became the canvas and charcoals got the jobs as brushes. His father seeing this craze was inspired to send him to a drawing school. It was decided then to send to a fine arts college.
Kathir got into to the renowned College of Fine arts and Crafts, Chennai. He did a five year course in Fine arts and graduated with a Diploma in Fine Arts. He continued to study there by opting for a two year Post Graduate degree and got one to
During the final years in college he started write poems and began to exploit his talent for writing. Only at this stage he developed his favor for becoming a movie director. Passing out of his college he was already established as a famous Publicity and Title designer who has worked in bigger films
He tried to narrate the story to Sathya Jyothi Films, the same company who gave him his first chance in the movies as a publicity designer. But chances kind of evaded him for a while. After regular attempts for more than a year the producer R. Thyagarajan finally agreed to meet him. The producer was so impressed by the story he agreed to produce it.
Even after getting a producer the film remained a non starter because none of the major heroes was willing to be cast in this film as it had no commercial aspects like fights or duets that accord their hero image. It finally went Murali, an upcoming hero then and he liked it and accepted it. It can also be said from this experience he developed a knack to introduce newer artists and technicians.
The film was inaugurated by Mani Ratnam, Illayaraja, Bharathi Raja and Bala Chander. On September 5, 1992 the film was released and became the biggest blockbuster and turned into a milestone for love themes. Kathir got an unforgettable place in the minds of youth and other audiences alike.
He is also known for his collaborations with ace music director A. R. Rahman. The duo had worked for four films, Uzhavan, Kadhal Desam, Kadhalar Dhinam and Kadhal Virus. All albums were extremely successful and are often termed as some of the evergreen music albums in Tamil Film Industry. Especially, the music of Kadhal Desam was a stupendous success. Rahman got rave reviews for his work. The music of this particular film is said to have revolutionised the contemporary Tamil film music. The Background Score of this film also got high appreciation from critics and audience alike. This Background Score is still popular among youth. Kadhal Desam is still the best music album and Background Score for Kathir's films.
He showed advanced and futuristic lifestyles of youth beforehand in his movies Kadhal Desam and Kadhalar Dinam.
In 2001, he founded his own production studio Sound Light Studio through which he produced Kadhal Virus. He also distributed the film all over Tamil Nadu.

</doc>
<doc id="19743406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743406" title="Per Pallesen">
Per Pallesen

Per Pallesen (born 30 April 1942) is a Danish film actor. He has appeared in over 35 films since 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19743430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743430" title="Birthmark (disambiguation)">
Birthmark (disambiguation)

A birthmark is a blemish on the skin formed before birth.
Birthmark may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19743436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743436" title="Cyprus–Poland relations">
Cyprus–Poland relations

Cyprus-Polish relations are foreign relations between Cyprus and Poland. Diplomatic relations between both countries were established during the 1960s. Cyprus has an embassy in Warsaw and 2 honorary consulates (in Gdynia and Szczecin). Poland has an embassy in Nicosia and an honorary consulate general in Limassol. Both countries are full members of the European Union.
History.
One of the first recorded contacts between Poland and Cyprus was in 1364, during a meeting of kings, princes and noblemen at the famous Congress of Kraków. One of its participants was king Peter I of Cyprus, who was trying to drum up support for a crusade to liberate the Holy land. Throughout the Middle Ages, Polish travelers en route to Jerusalem via the Mediterranean route would often stop in Cyprus, and some settled there permanently. A prominent visitor was Boguslaw X the Great, ruler of West Pomerania, in April 1497. However, with the conquest of Cyprus by the Ottoman Empire in 1570, contact between the two countries ceased for almost 300 years. In the 19th century Polish travelers again started visiting Cyprus, with growing numbers after the British gained control of the island after the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). During the Second World War 500 refugee Polish dignitaries and their families arrived in Cyprus in September 1940. Among them was the writer Melchior Wankowicz.
Cultural Ties.
The Polish people are predominantly Roman Catholic, but the Polish Orthodox Church has a significant following in the east of Poland and is in full communion with the Cypriot Orthodox Church. Both churches have suffered oppression in their countries. In 2009, Archbishop Leon of Karelia and all Finland suggested that Cyprus, Poland and the Finnish Orthodox Church claim the restoration of their cultural heritage from the EU.
Official Contacts.
Between 1971 and 2000, Poland and Cyprus concluded 15 agreements on subject such as air transport, trade, visas, shipping and taxation. For example, in September 1998 the countries signed an agreement in Nicosia that defined exchanges in the fields of science, education, culture, art, archaeology, sports and communications. In August 2008, the Polish Ambassador in Nicosia Zbigniew Szymanski said that since EU accession the two countries have found additional areas for closer cooperation, and stressed the close contacts between the leaders of Poland and Cyprus. He also referred to planning for the joint presidency of the EU by Cyprus, Poland and Denmark. Poland will take over the EU presidency in the second half of 2011, followed by Denmark and Cyprus. Leaders of the three countries are committed to joint action on the economic crisis and the EU's 2014-2020 budget.
Poles in Cyprus.
Since both Cyprus and Poland became members of the European Union in May 2004, perhaps 350 Poles have established permanent residence in Cyprus, and 2,500 Polish workers are temporary residents of the island. A Polish school established in 1999 helps children of Polish parents to maintain language skills and knowledge of Poland.
Economic links.
The Cyprus-Polish Business Association, officially sponsored by the Polish and Cypriot governments and with many Cypriot/Polish businesses as members, works to bring people of the two countries into closer contact and develop their relations on many different levels. The efficient, low-rate business taxes in Cyprus and the tax treaty between Cyprus and Poland favor entrepreneurs who decide to base their company in Cyprus although doing business in Poland. A number of companies have taken advantage of this opportunity.

</doc>
<doc id="19743447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743447" title="List of songs written by Cathy Dennis">
List of songs written by Cathy Dennis

This is a list of released singles, recorded by other artists, that have been written or co-written by award-winning song-writer Cathy Dennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19743458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743458" title="Giuliano Carmignola">
Giuliano Carmignola

Giuliano Carmignola (Treviso, 1951) is an Italian violinist.
Career.
Born in Treviso, he studied with his father, then with Luigi Ferro at the Venice Conservatory and afterwards with Nathan Milstein and Franco Gulli at the Accademia Chigiana in Siena, Italy and Henryk Szeryng at the Geneva Conservatory. In 1973, he was awarded a prize in the International Paganini Competition in Genoa.
He began his career as a soloist under the direction of conductors such as Claudio Abbado, Eliahu Inbal, Peter Maag and Giuseppe Sinopoli, performing in prestigious concert halls. He then collaborated with Umberto Benedetti Michelangeli, Daniele Gatti, Andrea Marcon, Christopher Hogwood, Trevor Pinnock, Frans Brüggen, Paul McCreesh, Giovanni Antonini and Ottavio Dantone. Significant was his collaboration with the Virtuosi of Rome during the ‘70s and later with the Sonatori della gioiosa Marca, the Venice Baroque Orchestra, the Mozart Orchestra, the Orchestre des Champs Elysees, the Kammerorchester Basel, Il Giardino Armonico, the Zurich Chamber Orchestra and the Academy of Ancient Music. 
His recording has led him to collaborate with labels like Erato, Divox Antiqua, Sony and Deutsche Grammophon, with whom currently has an exclusive contract. His recording releases have won many important awards such as Diapason d'Or and Choc du Monde. Among the most recent recordings, the concertos for two violins by Vivaldi with Viktoria Mullova and the Venice Baroque Orchestra, the complete Mozart concertos with Claudio Abbado and Orchestra Mozart and Haydn violin concertos with the Orchestre des Champs Elysees. He has taught courses at Siena’s Accademia Musicale Chigiana and Lucerne’s Hochschule. He was awarded the title of "Academican of the Royal Philharmonic Academy of Bologna" and "Academican of Santa Cecilia." 
He plays the Stradivarius Baillot of 1732 granted him by Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna because of his stature and artistic engagement with the Orchestra Mozart.

</doc>
<doc id="19743459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743459" title="Building Commissioning Association">
Building Commissioning Association

The Building Commissioning Association (BCA) is a non-profit trade association for individuals and companies interested in building commissioning. The association seeks to enhance quality standards throughout the industry by developing best practices doctrine and educational programs.
It offers a certification program and sponsors a trade show.
Certification designations that are currently offered include:
CCP - Certified Commissioning Professional; 
ACP - Associate Commissioning Professional
Publications.
The Building Commissioning Handbook, Second Edition - is a guide to commissioning and retrocommissioning and outlines the commissioning process from predesign to occupancy.
Best Practices in Commissioning Existing Buildings - Published in June 2008, is a comprehensive document dealing with the industry’s best practices in the commissioning of existing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="19743460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743460" title="Willy Rathnov">
Willy Rathnov

Willy Rathnov (13 May 1937 – 29 August 1999) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 32 films between 1960 and 1988.
He was born in Roskilde, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19743472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743472" title="Tanat Nusserbayev">
Tanat Nusserbayev

Tanat Nusserbayev () is a Kazakh football striker and attacking midfielder who was born on January 1, 1988 in Shymkent.
He plays for FC Astana and represents the Kazakhstan national football team internationally. Tanat made his U-21 debut on August 19, 2008 against the Poland U-21's in a 3–0 win, scoring a brace. His senior national team debut match was against England on October 11, 2008 at Wembley Stadium.
Tanat scored his first international goal away to the Ukraine, in a 2–1 defeat, on 10 June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19743501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743501" title="Guri Richter">
Guri Richter

Guri Agnes Richter (7 July 1917 – 21 August 1995) was a Danish film actress. She appeared in 13 films between 1940 and 1990.
She was born and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19743504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19743504" title="Merchant Taylors' Hall, London">
Merchant Taylors' Hall, London

The Merchant Taylors' Hall, London is the seat of the Worshipful Company of Merchant Taylors, one of the Twelve Great Livery Companies of the City of London surviving from Mediaeval times.
The Company has occupied its present site between Threadneedle Street and Cornhill since 1347. It is thus one of only 40 remaining livery halls in London.
History.
The first Hall was built at some date between the years 1347 and 1392 when it was known as “Taillourshalle”; between then and the Great Fire of London in 1666, no records show structural alteration of any importance except the rebuilding of the roof between 1586 and 1588.
At the time of the Great Fire, the roof and the interior were gutted, leaving only the walls and foundations. The building was restored and embellished with tapestries, stained glass windows, chandeliers and panelling; but during the London Blitz in September 1940, it was hit by a number of German Luftwaffe incendiary bombs and the Hall with both Galleries, the Western Entrance, the Grand Staircase and the Parlour with the Drawing Room above were destroyed.
Certain important parts of the premises, however, escaped damage. These included the Library with its collection, inter alia, of early books, first editions and other interesting old volumes principally dealing with London; the Court Room, in which the walls are lined with portraits of Past Masters of the Company, and containing over the fireplaces two carved Coats of Arms representing the Company's original Grant of 1480 and the present Grant of 1586; the Great Kitchen, which has been in continuous use since 1425; and part of the Crypt of the late 14th century Chapel which adjoined the East end of the Hall.
Reconstruction.
The work of reconstruction could not be started until some years after the end of World War II and the Hall itself was opened for use in March 1959. Although the interior had been gutted, the walls and foundations had survived and have been incorporated in the restored Hall, which still retains the basic proportions of the previous building although the style of decoration has been radically changed. Prominent features are the mahogany panelling, the stained glass windows containing the Arms of Honorary Freemen and benefactors and the Renatus Harris organ.
The new floor of the Hall is almost at the same level as the parquet floor of 1793, and sections of the three previous floor levels - the 14th century beaten clay floor which was covered with rushes, the red tile floor laid in 1646 and the marble and Purbeck stone floor dated from 1675 - have been preserved and can still be seen in a trap in the floor.
The Company's collection of plates dates mainly from the 17th century as most of their earlier possessions were either sold or melted down during the English Civil War to meet the King's demands for money, or were destroyed in the Great Fire of London. All that remains from these early days are the Corporate Seal of the Company (about 1502), the Cloth-yard (before 1509), the 16th century ceremonial mace and the “Offley” and “Maye” rosewater dishes of 1590 and 1597.
Accessibility.
The Hall is open for housing public events through a dedicated events and catering company. It has been used for various purposes, ranging from entertainment industry photocalls such as for the Harry Potter film "" on 25 October 2005 (with Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint), to hosting official government and administrative events such as the Mayor of London & Greater London Authority's Women in London’s Economy programme on 28 February 2008 (with Ken Livingstone, Harriet Harman MP, Diane Abbott MP, Elisabeth Kelan and Sandra Fredman).

</doc>
