<doc id="19460420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460420" title="Real... En Vivo">
Real... En Vivo

Real... En Vivo is the twenty-fourth album by Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was recorded live in the "Coliseo de Puerto Rico", with over 60,000 in attendance. The show featured artists Ricky Martin and Tommy Torres performing classics with Nazario. The album debuted on Billboard 200 Albums at #57 selling over 8,658 in its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="19460455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460455" title="Discotheque Play Like &quot;A&quot; Rainbows">
Discotheque Play Like &quot;A&quot; Rainbows

Discotheque play like "A" Rainbows -enter&exit- is a live tour DVD by visual kei rock band alice nine. filmed on their "DISCOTHEQUE play like "A" RAINBOWS tour" released October 29, 2008.
Tracklist.
Bonus. Shunkashuutou

</doc>
<doc id="19460469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460469" title="Jerzy Rembas">
Jerzy Rembas

Jerzy Rembas (born 18 April 1956 in Gorzów Wielkopolski, Poland) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who appeared in the Speedway World Championship finals twice, missing out on a rostrum place after finishing third in the third place run-off to Scott Autrey and Dave Jessup.
Rembas rode for Stal Gorzów in Poland from 1971 until his retirement in 1990. He rode for Leicester Lions in the British League in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19460507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460507" title="Fort Ogden, Florida">
Fort Ogden, Florida

Fort Ogden is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located about southwest of the city of Arcadia.

</doc>
<doc id="19460526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460526" title="Mixed rice">
Mixed rice

There are various types of mixed rice in cuisines around the world:

</doc>
<doc id="19460533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460533" title="Hull, Florida">
Hull, Florida

Hull is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located southwest of the city of Arcadia.
Geography.
It is located at , with an elevation of .
Churches.
Mt. Olive CME founded 1912
St. Mary Missionary Baptist Church
References.
Population 50 and counting

</doc>
<doc id="19460560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460560" title="Margaret Hayes Grazier">
Margaret Hayes Grazier

Margaret Hayes Grazier (December 19, 1916 – July 9, 1999) was an American librarian, educator, and published author in the field of Library and Information Science.
Biography.
Margaret Hayes Grazier was born an only child to parents Warren Chauncey Hayes and Rosetta Ernestine (Bankwitz) Hayes on December 19, 1916 in Denver, Colorado. Grazier’s main area of expertise was in school librarianship and she worked in this arena in Colorado, Illinois and Michigan. She met librarian Robert Grazier (her eventual husband) during her years at the University of Chicago. They married on July 27, 1956, after they both had relocated to Michigan. Grazier had one stepson, Michael, from her husband's previous relationship. The two were married for 42 years, until Grazier died of cancer in Detroit, Michigan on July 9, 1999. She was 82 years old.
Early career.
Grazier’s career began in her home state of Colorado where she obtained her B.A. degree from the University of Northern Colorado in 1937. She continued on with her education the following year earning a Diploma in Library Science from the University of Denver (1938) followed by completing her M.A. degree in Education from the University of Northern Colorado in 1941. While she was working on her master’s degree, and for a year after she finished (from 1939–1942), Grazier also worked as the librarian and supervisor of school libraries in Greeley, Colorado . After leaving Greeley in 1942, Grazier moved to Illinois where she became the high school librarian for Lake Forest High School where she remained until 1945. She then took a position at the W.K. Kellogg Foundation in Battle Creek, Michigan as a temporary library consultant, until she eventually ended back up at the University of Denver in 1946. There she worked as an administrator and reference librarian in the Public Services Division at the university until 1948 when she became an assistant professor there. 
In 1952 she moved again, this time to further her education at the University of Chicago. There she began her Ph.D. work at their Graduate Library School. Grazier never completed her doctoral studies at the university but she did work her way up from a visiting lecturer to an assistant professor at the University of Chicago.
Mid to Late Career.
Grazier left the University of Chicago in 1956, and relocated to Birmingham, Michigan where she took on the role of head librarian at Derby High School. There she stayed until 1961 when she moved to the position of head librarian at Groves High School. She relocated to Groves at the request of the principal according to an interview given by Grazier’s husband in 2000. In the interview her husband reveals that the principle actively pursued her for this position because he admired her previous work, and dedication to library curriculum. Public high school librarianship was not the only thing that Grazier was doing with her career during this time period though; She was also a visiting instructor for the University of Michigan’s Library Science program during the summers. 
In 1965, Grazier made a more permanent career choice, becoming a member of the Wayne State University faculty as an associate professor and eventually was promoted to a full time professor in 1972. In this role she was able to apply her knowledge of school libraries, specifically in the area of school librarian leadership in the library curriculum and its vital role in the learning process. In both her teaching and in the articles that she published, there is a strong recurring theme, and that is the importance that she places on the role of the school librarian. She believed that school librarians should really understand and execute both the ‘theory of the curriculum and also the instructional technology’. Grazier worked as a professor at Wayne State University until she retired in 1983. After Grazier’s death in 1999, her husband created a scholarship in her name, The Margaret Hayes Grazier Endowed Scholarship Fund, at the school in which she spent the largest portion of her career, Wayne State University. The scholarship is presented yearly to students in the Library and Information Science Program who meet academic, character and leadership qualifications, in addition to financial need. They must also be pursuing a career in Grazier’s specialty of school library media or youth services.[http://www.bulletins.wayne.edu/gbk-output/gbk-08-10-wb-08-3.htm] 
Extra curricular activities.
In addition to being a professor in the Library Science Program and Wayne State University she was also very active in many library organizations. 
American Library Association (ALA). During two separate phases in her life from 1960-64 and then again from 1972-74, she was a councilor to the ALA in addition to serving as a member of the ALA’s Committee on Research from 1970-76. 
She was an active member of the American Association of School Librarians; Considering her deep passion and roots in school libraries this is not surprising. She reigned as the second vice-president from 1970-71 and served as the unit head of the AASL’s Media Program Development Unit for three years from 1973-76. 
Although Grazier devoted much of her time to the ALA and the AASL in addition to many other library and media centric organizations, the group that she was most active in during her career was Michigan Association for Media in Education (MAME). Grazier served as the president of MAME in 1981. This was an exceptionally difficult year to hold this position because of the diminishing state funding for education. School library positions were being eliminated and there were severe University of Michigan budget cuts. The troubling financial times that surrounded her presidency forced her to focus mainly on coming up with funding solutions for jobs and services at the state level that she believed to be a vital part of the learning process. After her term as president, Grazier became the editor of MAME’s journal, "Media Spectrum", and remained the editor of the journal until 1988.
Awards.
Grazier was a recipient of the AASL President’s Award in 1986. According to the AASL this award is presented to a candidate who exemplifies "outstanding contributions to school librarianship and school library media development". 
For her continued work with the MAME organization she too was recognized with MAME’s Outstanding Meritorious Service Award in 1987. After Grazier’s death, another MAME award, for contributions to the profession, was renamed in her honor as “The Margaret Grazier Award for Contributions to the Profession”.
Her most recent honor was bestowed upon her by the Women’s National Book Association’s Detroit Chapter, in 1998. This group named her their Bookwoman of the Year. 
After Grazier’s death in 1999, she was chosen as number 41 in the American Libraries’ list of “100 of the Most Important Leaders We Had in the 20th Century”. She is included in the list with the likes of Melvile Dewey and Andrew Carnegie amongst others.
Grazier's Publications.
“A Role for Media Specialists in the Curriculum Development Process.” School Library Media Quarterly 4 1976: pp. 199–204
“Critically Reading and Applying Research in School Library Media Centers.” School Library Media Quarterly 10 1982: pp. 135–46. 
“The Curriculum Constultant Roles of the School Library Media Specialist.” Library Trends 28 1979: pp. 263–279
“The Elementary and Secondary Education Act, Title II.” Library Trends 24 1975: pp. 45–62) 
The High School Library in Transition. Chicago: Knapp School Libraries Project, 1967
“Preparation of the School Librarian” Education for Librarianship: The Design of the Curriculum of Library Schools, Herbert Goldhor, ed., pp 130–145. Ubrbana, Illinois: University of Illinois, 1971

</doc>
<doc id="19460568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460568" title="Tony's Home">
Tony's Home

"Tony's Home" is the debut studio Album by rapper TouchTones. It was released on November 21, 2006. It sold 376,000 copies in its first week, ranking 2nd on the Billboard 200 behind The Doctor's Advocate, produced by West Coast Rapper The Game. It was certified gold as sales stood at 550,000 units in the U.S.
Reception and impact.
TouchTones based most of the tracks on his roller-coaster relationships with women prior to the release of the album. Songs recorded such as "Whatever Happened", Chirp Dem Hoes", and "These Hoes" demonstrated how his warm heart quickly turns cold on women who have a tendency to "use men for their money" and are "scandalous hoes". His wordy delivery of his explicit lyrics regarding these types of women came across as offensive and somewhat sexist, but also appealed to American men who have been, or currently engaged in situations dealing disloyalty and adultery.
Example.
"Yall are just rookies, but I'm a veteran pro. I got news for these dudes who respecting these hoes".

</doc>
<doc id="19460571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460571" title="Lake Suzy, Florida">
Lake Suzy, Florida

Lake Suzy is an unincorporated community in DeSoto County, Florida, United States. It is located at the extreme southwest corner of DeSoto County northeast of Port Charlotte in Charlotte County.

</doc>
<doc id="19460601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460601" title="Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences">
Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences

Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences () is a local municipality-owned Finnish institution of higher education based in six municipalities of Southern Ostrobothnia.
The Finnish higher education system is divided into traditional research universities, which focus more on academic research, and universities of applied sciences, which emphasize more working life connections. Seinäjoki UAS is a university of applied sciences. See Finnish educational system.
Faculties.
Available faculties are:
Education.
Seinäjoki UAS provides education aiming at high-level professional qualification in the following fields:
Seinäjoki UAS has 21 Bachelor and 7 Master degree programmes. Three degree programmes are totally taught in English:
Degree programme in International Business (BBA), Master's Degree programme in International Business Management (MBA) and Degree programme in Nursing (RN).
Also double degree programmes are available in the fields of technology and business.

</doc>
<doc id="19460691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460691" title="Julio Álvarez">
Julio Álvarez

Julio Álvarez Mosquera (born 1 May 1981) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for CD Numancia in Segunda División, mainly as an attacking midfielder.
He appeared in 98 La Liga games over the course of five seasons (14 goals), representing Racing de Santander, Rayo Vallecano, Murcia, Almería and Mallorca. In addition, he played in more than 250 matches in Segunda División.
After competing for Spain at youth level, Álvarez represented Venezuela internationally.
Football career.
Real Madrid / Murcia.
A playmaker, Álvarez was born in Caracas and moved to Spain aged four to reunite with his parents, settling in Sada, Galicia. He started his senior career at just 16 with local Deportivo de La Coruña B, showing early promise and playing for Spain's U17 at the 1999 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup (winning the tournament) and the 1998 European Championship (third place). Subsequently he joined Real Madrid to finish his formation but, despite very good performances overall for the B and C outfits, could never break into the first team.
Álvarez was loaned by the "Merengues" to Racing de Santander in 2000–01. However, he was mostly injured, and could not help the Cantabria team escape La Liga relegation at the season's end. The following season, with 31 matches and one goal, he helped Racing quickly return to the top flight.
In July 2002 Álvarez was sent on loan again, to first division's Rayo Vallecano, where he scored eight times and was one of the team's best players, but again his team failed to keep its status, ranking last. Several teams made offers, and he was finally signed by Real Murcia. Before playing any games for his new team he got injured, and struggled throughout the vast majority of the season, finishing with 12 just appearances as the club went on to rank 20th; fully recovered he went on to be a very important team player, showing impressive skills and netting some deciders, despite a poor year for the team in 2005–06, that almost ended in relegation – he also established himself as a free kick specialist.
Late career.
In the summer Álvarez was transfer listed and, on 9 August 2006, joined CD Numancia on a two-year deal. Playing as an attacking or holding midfielder, he again showed enough quality to earn a regular starting eleven berth under manager Andoni Goikoetxea and, following the departure of some important players, became a key player in team's push for promotion, scoring more winning goals; the Soria outfit won the 2007–08 championship, five points clear of Málaga CF. 
Álvarez's contract expired by the end of the season and UD Almería signed him on a free transfer on 3 July 2008, where he got the opportunity to work again with Gonzalo Arconada, his former boss at Numancia. He replaced ACF Fiorentina-bound Felipe Melo.
After an irregular season in Andalusia, Álvarez was released hours before the transfer deadline in August 2009, and joined RCD Mallorca shortly after. On 23 July 2010, after helping the Balearic Islands side finish fifth and qualify for the UEFA Europa League, the 29-year old signed a three-year contract with CD Tenerife, which had in turn relegated from the top division.
International career.
Álvarez gained 28 caps for Spain all youth levels combined. On 14 October 2011, after switching allegiance to his country of birth, the 30-year old made his debut for Venezuela in a 1–0 home win against Argentina for the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Personal life.
Álvarez's older brother, Javier, is also a footballer and a midfielder. He played his entire career in Spanish amateur football. In addition, he represented Spain in three FIFA Beach Soccer World Cups (2006, 2007 and 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19460706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460706" title="Rock Messiah">
Rock Messiah

"David Axelrod's Rock Interpretation of Handel's Messiah (commonly known as Rock Messiah") is a 1971 album by David Axelrod. It is a rock-based interpretation of George Frideric Handel's oratorio "Messiah".
The album features arrangements by Axelrod played by a 38-piece orchestra conducted by Julian "Cannonball" Adderley. "Los Angeles Times" writer Martin Bernheimer described the album as "relatively straight and square, as much concerned with Handel and jazz and the gospel tradition as it is with blatant rock". Axelrod described his motivation for the album as "making Handel more accessible".
"Ebony" writer Phyl Garland described the album as ""Jesus Christ Superstar" on a bad trip", also stating "The whole thing just seems so unnecessary."
It was originally released in 1971 on U.S. RCA label issue nine-track on a standard vinyl LP (RCA LSP-4636). It was reissued on CD in 2012 on the U.S. Real Gone label (RGM-0041).
Track listing.
All tracks composed and arranged by David Axelrod

</doc>
<doc id="19460748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460748" title="Mak nyah">
Mak nyah

Mak nyah (pronounced ) is a Malay term for a male-to-female transsexual. The name is preferred by Malaysian transsexuals to various derogatory terms (namely, "pondan" and "bapok"), as these slurs are variously directed to gay men as well as transsexuals. "Mak nyah" is formed from the word "mak", meaning 'mother', and 'nyah', meaning 'transition' (literally, 'to run from'). Though less used, the term "pak nyah" is sometimes used for female-to-male transsexuals, and the hybrid term "mak-pak nyah" for all transsexuals. These terms are sometimes also used by and for cross-dressers.
In 1983, the Malaysian Conference of Rulers ruled that sex-reassignment surgery should be forbidden to all except intersex people. Under Section 21 of the Minor Offences Act 1955, mak nyah can be charged for indecent behaviour for dressing as women. Such a charge usually results in a small fine of RM25–50. However, as the majority of mak nyah are Muslim, they can be further charged by a syariah court for offences against Islamic law, for which there is a fine of RM800–3,000. Police and religious officials can and do carry out raids in search of mak nyah and others considered guilty of 'sex crimes'.

</doc>
<doc id="19460771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460771" title="Texas literature">
Texas literature

Texas literature is literature about the history and culture of Texas. It includes every literary genre and dates from the time of the first European contact.
Literature through the nineteenth century.
Non-fiction.
The earliest works relating to Texas were written in Spanish and were primarily historical in nature. Authors and works include:
The first English book which was solely about Texas was "Texas" (1833) by Mary Austin Holley, cousin of Stephen F. Austin. It was expanded in 1836 and retitled "History of Texas".
A later author in this period, John Crittenden Duval, was dubbed the "Father of Texas Literature" by J. Frank Dobie. Duval wrote "Early Times in Texas" (serial form, 1868–71; book, 1892) and "Adventures of Big-Foot Wallace" (1872).
Fiction.
Fiction about Texas was written starting in the early 19th century and consisted primarily of romantic historical novels. The Alamo figured prominently in many of these works by authors such as Augusta Evans Wilson, Amelia Edith Barr, and Jeremiah Clemens.
1900 to the present.
Non-fiction.
Two seminal writers who wrote about Texas in the Western tradition are J. Frank Dobie and Walter Prescott Webb. Other non-fiction writers about Texas include Edward C. Abbott, Tom (Thomas Calloway) Lea, Paul Horgan, J. Evetts Haley and Sally Reynolds Matthews.
Fiction.
One of the most notable early 20th century works of Texas fiction was "The Log of a Cowboy" (1903) by Andy Adams. It was written in response to the immensely popular novel by Owen Wister, "The Virginian", which had been published a year earlier.
Noteworthy authors of the 1930s include Edward Anderson, whose novel "Thieves Like Us" (1937) has been filmed twice: first in 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures as "They Live by Night", later in 1974 MGM/UA studios released "Thieves Like Us", directed by Robert Altman. This period also included much of the work of famed Texas pulp magazine author, Robert E. Howard, creator of Conan the Barbarian. 
Post-World War II authors of fictional accounts of Texas include Benjamin Capps, Elmer Kelton and Larry McMurtry.

</doc>
<doc id="19460809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460809" title="Ryback">
Ryback

Ryan Reeves (born November 10, 1981) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs under the ring name Ryback. After being one of the eight finalists on "WWE Tough Enough 4", he later signed a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment and wrestled in its developmental territories Deep South Wrestling, Ohio Valley Wrestling, and Florida Championship Wrestling. He also participated in the first season of "NXT" in early 2010 under the ring name Skip Sheffield.
Early life.
Reeves started watching wrestling at the age of 8 and was allowed to ring the bell at a live World Wrestling Federation event. Wanting to become a professional wrestler, Reeves began weight lifting at 12 years old. He was nicknamed "Silverback" as a teenager, after a childhood friend joked that he resembled a Gorilla, and later adopted it as a part of his ring name. Reeves excelled at baseball and football while attending Western High School and Palo Verde High School. He also played college baseball during his freshman year at the Community College of Southern Nevada, but broke his leg and ended up missing two seasons. Reeves attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and entered in its fitness management program.
Professional wrestling career.
Tough Enough (2004).
Reeves spent the next two years concentrating on training to enter professional wrestling. He also attended University of Nevada, Las Vegas, majoring in fitness management, while working part-time at the Monte Carlo Hotel and Casino. Reeves sent a brief one minute videotape of himself to become a contestant on "$1,000,000 Tough Enough" and was invited to Venice Beach with 49 others. During the first week of training, Reeves suffered from bronchitis and a rib injury. He eventually became one of the eight finalists to appear on "SmackDown!" and the last to be voted off. Even though he did not win the competition, Reeves impressed WWE officials enough for them to sign him to a developmental contract. He spent time healing from his injuries in Las Vegas before heading to Atlanta, Georgia in March 2005.
Ohio Valley Wrestling.
Debut (2005–2006).
After training in DSW for most of 2005 and early 2006, Reeves was transferred over to Ohio Valley Wrestling in early March. He defeated Kasey James, Pat Buck, Da Beast and Nick Nemeth in dark matches over the next two months and, with Mikey Batts, defeated the teams of Billy Kryptonite and Russell Simpson, and Jack Bull and Vic Devine.
In July 2006, Reeves was suspended for 30 days due to failing a drug test as part of WWE's Wellness Program. According to Reeves, he had been taking several over the counter bodybuilding supplements, one of which inadvertently caused a false reading. The supplements he was using were later taken off the market due to this effect and, although his suspension remained in place, Reeves eventually returned to the roster after passing a second test. His case was later featured on the CNN documentary "Death Grip: Inside Pro Wrestling".
High Dosage (2006–2007).
After his previous 30 day suspension, Reeves returned while sporting bleached hair. In September 2006, Reeves began teaming with Jon Bolen, and together the team became known as High Dosage. Scoring early victories against teams such as Los Locos (Aaron Lamata and Low Rider) and Gothic Mayhem (Johnny Punch and Pat Buck), they began feuding with the then newly formed team of Eddie Craven, Mike Kruel and "The Bad Seed" Shawn Osborne.
The two did not fare well against the trio losing both tag team and single matches to them during the next few weeks. On October 18, he and Bolen also lost to them in a handicap match. Things soon changed however when High Dosage beat Eddie Craven and Mike Kruel a month later. As a result of their victory, they were allowed five minutes alone with Shawn Osbourne but he was able to escape with the help of Craven and Kruel. Although continuing to face their rivals throughout the year, High Dosage also won matches against Los Locos and Bad Company defeating them later in a Handicap Coal Miner's Glove on a Pole match on November 29. On December 9, High Dosage teamed with Seth Skyfire and lost to Craven, Kruel and Milena Roucka. Reeves also took part in a four-way Elimination Christmas Present match with Kruel four days later. The participants included Justin LaRoche and Charles Evans, T.J. Dalton and Steve Lewington, and Seth Skyfire and Paul Burchill who eventually won the match.
On January 6, 2007, High Dosage lost to Justin LaRouche and Charles Evans. They also lost to the Tag Team Champions Cody Runnels and Shawn Spears four days later. This was their last match together as Reeves was officially released from his contract less than two weeks later. Despite having been released from his developmental contract, Reeves returned to OVW on November 14 and teamed with Pat Buck in a losing effort to Colt Cabana and Shawn Spears for the Tag Team Championship.
Heavyweight Champion and departure (2008).
After over a year's absence from OVW, Reeves returned to OVW under the ring name Ryback and under a new Terminator gimmick. In his first match since returning, he managed to win the Heavyweight Championship on October 15, 2008 by defeating Anthony Bravado. After wrestling Bravado to a double count-out on October 22 and thus retaining the title, he ultimately lost the title to Bravado on October 29. Soon after the title loss, Reeves was then re-signed to a developmental contract with World Wrestling Entertainment. To explain his departure, Ryback lost a Loser Leaves OVW match to Bravado on December 17.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE (2008-2014).
Florida Championship Wrestling (2008–2010).
On December 16, 2008, Reeves, under his Ryback ring name and character, made his in-ring debut in Florida Championship Wrestling, losing a tag match with Jon Cutler against Kris Logan and Taylor Rotunda. Ryback soon formed a tag team with Sheamus O'Shaunessy and the duo unsuccessfully challenged for the Florida Tag Team Championship on a few occasions until O'Shaunessy was called up to the main roster. After the Ryback character was scrapped, Reeves made his FCW redebut on October 25 under the ring name Skip Sheffield, a cowboy gimmick, where he defeated Jimmy Uso.
NXT and The Nexus (2010).
On February 16, 2010 during the final episode of "ECW", Sheffield was announced as one of eight FCW wrestlers, called "rookies", to take part in the first season of WWE's new "NXT" show. Although Montel Vontavious Porter was originally to be his mentor, or "pro", he was later replaced by William Regal. Sheffield made his "NXT" in-ring debut on the March 2 episode, where he teamed with Regal to lose to Matt Hardy and Justin Gabriel. On the April 27 "NXT", Sheffield picked up his first victory with a win over Daniel Bryan. However, Sheffield was eliminated by the Pros on May 11, despite an earlier win over Darren Young, in the first "NXT" elimination poll. He was one of three eliminations that same night, behind Bryan and Michael Tarver, and said he would be back.
On the June 7 episode of "Raw", Sheffield along with the other "NXT" season one rookies, interfered in the main event match between John Cena and CM Punk, attacking both competitors as well as the announcing team before dismantling the ring area and surrounding equipment. On the June 14 "Raw", the rookies attacked General Manager Bret Hart, when he refused to give them contracts. The following week on "Raw", Vince McMahon fired Hart and announced the hiring of a new General Manager, who had signed all seven season one NXT rookies to contracts. The following week, the group was named the Nexus. On the July 12 "Raw", The Nexus (without Darren Young) competed in their first match together, defeating John Cena in a six-on-one handicap match. The feud continued at SummerSlam, where Team WWE fought the Nexus in a seven-on-seven elimination tag team match. Sheffield eliminated both John Morrison and R-Truth from the match before becoming the third member of the Nexus to be eliminated. Ultimately, the Nexus lost the match. On August 18, during a live event in Honolulu, Hawaii, Reeves broke his ankle in a tag team match with David Otunga against The Hart Dynasty.
Reeves then underwent extensive surgery after breaking his ankle, with a third surgery being his last. Reeves returned from injury at a "Raw" house show on December 3, 2011.
Return as Ryback (2012–2013).
Reeves, now sporting a beard and a new attire, returned to television on the April 6, 2012, episode of "SmackDown", under his Ryback ring name and as a face. Over the following weeks, he would squash jobbers, as well as more established wrestlers like Heath Slater and Derrick Bateman. At Extreme Rules, he made his pay-per-view debut as a singles competitor when he defeated two more jobbers (Aaron Relic and Jay Hatton) in under two minutes. At Over the Limit, Ryback defeated Camacho in another squash match. On July 3 during The Great American Bash episode of "SmackDown", he defeated Curt Hawkins to continue his winning streak. After defeating Tyler Reks the following week on "SmackDown", Ryback defeated both Hawkins and Reks in a handicap match at Money in the Bank and again during Ryback's "Raw" redebut on the August 6 episode. On the July 27 "SmackDown", Ryback began his first feud since returning to the main roster against Jinder Mahal, after Mahal lost via countout instead of continuing to wrestle. Ryback faced Mahal in a rematch on August 3 "SmackDown", but won via disqualification after Mahal struck him with a microphone. On the August 24 "SmackDown", Ryback finally defeated Mahal via pinfall and did so again on the September 3 "Raw".
After defeating the Intercontinental Champion The Miz in a non-title match on the September 24 "Raw", Ryback confronted the WWE Champion CM Punk at the end of the show after Punk attacked Mick Foley. On the next two episodes of "Raw", Ryback again confronted Punk after he threatened Jim Ross during an "Appreciation Night" segment honoring Ross, and after he brawled with WWE Chairman Vince McMahon. McMahon then declared Punk must choose to defend the WWE Championship against Ryback or John Cena at Hell in a Cell, and if he refused, McMahon would choose for him. On the October 15 "Raw", Cena willingly backed out of challenging Punk in favor of supporting Ryback as Punk's opponent at Hell in a Cell. On October 28 at the pay-per-view, Ryback's thirty-eight match undefeated streak was broken by Punk due to a low blow and fast count by referee Brad Maddox. After the match, Ryback attacked Maddox and hit Punk with the "Shell Shocked" on top of the cell. The following night on "Raw", Ryback was named as the final member of Mick Foley's team to face CM Punk's team at Survivor Series. The next week, Ryback and John Cena were booked in a Triple Threat match for Punk's WWE Championship at the pay-per-view instead. On the November 13 "Raw", Ryback gained revenge against Brad Maddox by squashing him in a match before throwing him into an ambulance, thus denying Maddox a chance at joining the WWE roster as a wrestler. On November 18 at Survivor Series, Ryback was unsuccessful in the championship match after he was attacked by Seth Rollins, Dean Ambrose, and Roman Reigns, who powerbombed him through the announce table, allowing Punk to pin Cena and retain the title. The following night on "Raw", Ryback was again attacked by Rollins, Ambrose, and Reigns, now collectively known as The Shield, before they again powerbombed him through the announce table after Ryback attempted to attack Punk while he was celebrating his year-long reign as WWE Champion. On the November 26 "Raw", Ryback demanded another opportunity at the WWE Championship, with Vickie Guerrero finally relenting and giving him the title match at . Later that night, Ryback attacked Punk with a ladder and chair before finally powerbombing him through a table. Punk suffered a legitimate knee injury during to the attack, and the title match was postponed. Ryback was instead paired with the WWE Tag Team Champions Team Hell No (Daniel Bryan and Kane) to compete against The Shield in a six-man Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, where The Shield was victorious. The following night on "Raw" during the 2012 Slammy Awards, Ryback won three Slammy Awards for Newcomer of the Year, Crowd Chant of the Year, and #Trending Now. On the January 7, 2013 "Raw", Ryback again failed to capture the WWE Championship from Punk in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match, after The Shield interfered and powerbombed Ryback through a table on top of the ring steps.
On January 27 at the Royal Rumble, Ryback entered the Royal Rumble match as the thirtieth and final entrant and eliminated five superstars before being the last man eliminated by John Cena. Ryback would then resume his rivalry with The Shield on the February 4 "Raw", when he teamed up with John Cena and Sheamus to attack the stable. This culminated in a six-man tag team match on February 17 at Elimination Chamber, where The Shield emerged victorious when Seth Rollins pinned Ryback for the win. The following night on "Raw", Ryback and Sheamus teamed up with Chris Jericho to face The Shield in a rematch, but were again defeated. Ryback then began a feud with Mark Henry after several non-verbal confrontions led to them attacking Drew McIntyre with their finishing moves in an attempt to one-up each other. On the March 15 "SmackDown", Ryback defeated Henry via disqualification following interference from The Shield. Afterwards, Henry delivered the "World's Strongest Slam" to Ryback three times in a row. Ryback and Henry competed in a Bench Press Challenge on the March 29 "SmackDown", where Ryback tied Henry at 53 reps after Henry choked him with the weight. On April 7 at WrestleMania 29, Ryback was defeated by Henry in a singles match. The following night on "Raw", Ryback saved WWE Champion John Cena from a post-match assault by Mark Henry before attacking Cena himself. The following week on "Raw", Ryback explained his attack on Cena as stepping out from his shadow and getting revenge for Cena not having his back against The Shield; Ryback got a measure of revenge later that night, by allowing the Shield to attack Cena. After becoming the number one contender to the WWE Championship, Ryback continued his feud with Cena by attacking him on several occasions while also having confrontations with The Shield. Ryback received his title opportunity in a Last Man Standing match on May 19 at Extreme Rules, however, the match ended in a no-contest after Ryback rammed Cena and himself into the electric backdrop at the top of the ramp. The following night on "Raw", Ryback entered the arena in an ambulance and challenged Cena to an ambulance match for the WWE Championship at the first-ever Payback pay-per-view. The following week on "Raw", Cena accepted Ryback's challenge, but announced their match would instead be a 3 Stages of Hell match; the first fall a lumberjack match, the second a tables match and the third an ambulance match. At the pay-per-view on June 16, Ryback won the lumberjack match, but went on to lose both the tables and ambulance matches and his shot at the WWE Championship. Ryback then began feuding with Chris Jericho, which led to a singles match on July 14 at Money in the Bank, where Ryback emerged victorious.
Paul Heyman Guy; RybAxel (2013- present).
In August, Ryback debuted a new gimmick, where he began bullying various backstage workers. Also as part of the gimmick, Ryback would back away from fighting opponents of equal size and taking advantage of smaller and vulnerable opponents. On September 15 at Night of Champions, Ryback aligned himself with Paul Heyman after helping him defeat CM Punk. Despite being a bully himself, Ryback claimed he hated bullies and vowed to stop CM Punk and anyone else who acted as such. On October 6 at WWE Battleground, Ryback was defeated by Punk in a singles match. A rematch was scheduled at Hell in a Cell, in a 2-on-1 handicap Hell in a Cell match, with Ryback teaming with Paul Heyman. At Hell in a Cell, Ryback and Heyman were defeated by Punk. The following night on "Raw", Ryback faced Punk again in a Street Fight match. Punk made Ryback tap out, being the first Ryback's loss by submission. On the November 11, 2013 edition of "Raw", the alliance between Ryback and Heyman came to an end when Ryback was verbally berated by Heyman.
After Heyman and Ryback separated, Ryback became a mid carder because other wrestlers complained about his work being stiff. At Survivor Series, Ryback issued an open challenge, which the returning Mark Henry answered in which Ryback was defeated. The following night on "Raw", Ryback teamed with Curtis Axel to face Mark Henry and the Intercontinental Champion, Big E Langston, where they lost the match. They were able to defeat The Rhodes Brothers on the December 6 edition of "SmackDown" in a non title match, agreeing to continue teaming to take on the champions at the TLC event, but were unsuccessful, as the match was won by The Rhodes Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="19460821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460821" title="Rosser's trick">
Rosser's trick

In mathematical logic, Rosser's trick is a method for proving Gödel's incompleteness theorems without the assumption that the theory being considered is ω-consistent (Smorynski 1977, p. 840; Mendelson 1977, p. 160). This method was introduced by J. Barkley Rosser in 1936, as an improvement of Gödel's original proof of the incompleteness theorems that was published in 1931. 
While Gödel's original proof uses a sentence that says (informally) "This sentence is not provable", Rosser's trick uses a formula that says "If this sentence is provable, there is a shorter proof of its negation".
Background.
Rosser's trick begins with the assumptions of Gödel's incompleteness theorem. A theory "T" is selected which is effective, consistent, and includes a sufficient fragment of elementary arithmetic.
Gödel's proof shows that for any such theory there is a formula ProofT("x","y") which has the intended meaning that "y" is a natural number code (a Gödel number) for a formula and "x" is the Gödel number for a proof, from the axioms of "T", of the formula encoded by "y". (In the remainder of this article, no distinction is made between the number "y" and the formula encoded by "y", and the number coding a formula φ is denoted #φ). Furthermore, the formula PvblT("y") is defined as ∃"x" ProofT("x","y"). It is intended to define the set of formulas provable from "T". 
The assumptions on "T" also show that it is able to define a negation function neg("y"), with the property that if "y" is a code for a formula φ then neg("y") is a code for the formula ¬φ. The negation function may take any value whatsoever for inputs that are not codes of formulas. 
The Gödel sentence of the theory "T" is a formula φ such that "T" proves
φ ↔ ¬PvblT(#φ). Gödel's proof shows that if "T" is consistent then it cannot prove its Gödel sentence; but in order to show that the negation of the Gödel sentence is also not provable, it is necessary to add a stronger assumption that the theory is ω-consistent, not merely consistent. Rosser (1936) constructed a different self-referential sentence that can be used to replace the Gödel sentence in Gödel's proof, removing the need to assume ω-consistency.
The Rosser sentence.
For a fixed arithmetical theory "T", let Proof"T"("x","y") and neg("x") be the associated proof predicate and negation function.
A modified proof predicate Proof"R""T"("x","y") is defined as:
which means that 
This modified proof predicate is used to define a modified provability predicate PvblRT("y"):
Informally, PvblRT("y") is the claim that "y" is provable via some coded proof "x" such that there is no smaller coded proof of the negation of "y". Under the assumption that "T" is consistent, for each formula φ the formula PvblRT(#φ) will hold if and only if PvblT(#φ) holds. However, these predicates have different properties from the point of view of provability in "T". 
Using the diagonal lemma, let ρ be a formula such that "T" proves ρ ↔ ¬ PvblRT(#ρ). The formula ρ is the Rosser sentence of the theory "T".
Rosser's theorem.
Let "T" be an effective, consistent theory including a sufficient amount of arithmetic, with Rosser sentence ρ. Then the following hold (Mendelson 1977, p. 160):
The proof of (1) is as in Gödel's proof of the first incompleteness theorem. The proof of (2) is more involved. Assume that "T" proves ¬ρ and let "e" be a natural number coding for a proof of ¬ρ in "T". Because "T" is consistent, there is no code for a proof of ρ in "T", so ProofRT("e",neg(#ρ)) will hold (because there is no "z" < "e" that codes a proof of ρ).
The assumption that "T" includes enough arithmetic ensures that "T" will prove
and (using the assumption of consistency and the fact that "e" is a natural number)
From the latter formula, the assumptions on "T" show that it proves
Thus "T" proves
But this last formula is provably equivalent to ρ in "T", by definition of ρ, which means that "T" proves ρ. This is a contradiction, as "T" was assumed to prove ¬ρ and assumed to be consistent. Thus "T" cannot prove ¬ρ under the assumption "T" is consistent.

</doc>
<doc id="19460855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460855" title="825th Strategic Aerospace Division">
825th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 825th Strategic Aerospace Division (825th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas. It was inactivated on 1 January 1970.
Activated in 1955 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control of manning equipping, and operational readiness of assigned units, primarily B-47 Stratojet medium bombers. In 1962 added a Titan II strategic missile wing, which became operational in December 1963, subsequently being redesignated as a Strategic Aerospace Division. In 1965 with the phaseout of the B-47 and introduction of the B-58 Hustler, added a B-58 wing and operated a B-58 combat crew training school. The 825th also participated in tactical exercises such as Briar Rabbit, Big Blast, and Operation Dress Rehearsal.
Inactivated in 1970 as part of the phaseout of the B-58.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19460856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460856" title="Adventures of Power">
Adventures of Power

Adventures of Power is an American feature film written and directed by Ari Gold, starring Ari Gold, Michael McKean, Jane Lynch, Shoshannah Stern, Chiu Chi Ling, and Adrian Grenier and featuring Steven Williams, Jimmy Jean-Louis, Annie Golden and Nick Kroll, with a cameo performance by Rush drummer Neil Peart. The soundtrack includes original songs by Ethan Gold and hits by Rush, Mr. Mister, Judas Priest, Phil Collins, Dazz Band, Loverboy, Bow Wow Wow and Woody Guthrie. The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and made its European debut at the 2008 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. It was released theatrically in 2009 by Variance Films and on DVD/VOD by Phase 4 Films. Although the film was not released by a studio, it was influential to several Hollywood comedies such as "The Hangover" and "I Love You, Man."
Plot.
The story takes place in the fictional small town of Lode, New Mexico, where just about all of the male townsfolk work for a copper mining plant, including Power (Gold). Power (whose name was given to him by his father so he could grow up strong) lives with his Aunt Joanie (Lynch) and is always shown air-drumming to music, even when at work. It turns out he air-drums because his father never could afford to buy him drums. He does his air-drumming at a talent show in a local bar, where his only praise comes from a young boy. Unfortunately, the mining plant is poised to strike, but Power is fired for a mishap that is one too many just beforehand, therefore he cannot join in. Disappointed, he stumbles upon an ad for an underground air-drumming place about forty miles south of them just across the border in Mexico. The boy lends him his dirt bike to get there, but he ends up losing it while there.
He joins in, playing a Rush song without sitting down, which makes him nearly pass out. When the police raid the place, he ducks everyone and gets away. Before heading back, he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark, New Jersey, so armed with his music and cereal, he hitchhikes his way to Newark.
Once he gets there, he meets the crew, headed by Carlos, a former drummer who now has hooks in place of both of his hands (it is never explained why), and he is given a job and a place to crash at a local Chinese restaurant owned by Michael Fong (Ling). Living upstairs from the restaurant is Samantha, a religious fanatic, and her hearing-impaired daughter, Annie (Stern). Annie does take an initial liking to Power, but her mother objects to it, and even eventually threatens to move to Florida when she catches them making out. Before doing so, Annie reveals that her mother used to be a groupie, and she went deaf in her youth from not wearing hearing protection while on stage with the bands. (A picture she shows Power has her at a very young age on stage next to an amp crying.)
A subplot involves a rich young guy called Dallas Houston (or Dallas H.) who does music videos and has his own product lines of every sorts. He has a secret admiration for air-drumming that his father, who happens to own the mining company that runs the Lode plant, abhors.
Power works hard with the new crew for the upcoming air-drumming competition, eventually overcoming his shortcomings, but when he finds out the striking miners were assaulted by hired thugs and his dad is hospitalized, he bails on them and calls him, and they seem to make amends.
Carlos decides the group must go on without Power, but as they are performing their group song, one of the members is disqualified for how he’s playing, which causes the others to start a fight and gets them DQed as well.
Power, who comes in just in time for the solo competition, is the only one left eligible on their team. He plays along with Dallas H. and another female to Tom Sawyer in the finals. The girl drops out early, and after Power’s defective stool breaks and leaves him flat on the floor, it seems as though he would be out as well.
However, he finds out Annie is in the crowd at the show when she tosses a Cheerio on stage right into his mouth. (She had earlier declared to her mother she couldn’t go to Florida, and her mother, in sudden understanding, gives her a ticket to the air-drumming competition and says “Maybe Jesus was a rockstar.”)
With renewed energy, Power jumps up and continues playing without a stool (much to Carlos’s worry) and outlasts Dallas to win the competition.
He is presented the $2000 grand prize by Rush drummer Neil Peart (in a cameo appearance) and has him make the check out to the workers union of the copper plant. Power’s dad, renewed by his son’s victory and generosity, helps to resume fighting.
Awards.
Official Selection, Sundance Film Festival
Official Selection, Karlovy-Vary International Film Festival
Audience Award, Best Feature, Vail Film Festival
Audience Award, Narrative Feature, Memphis Indie Film Festival
Grand Jury Prize, San Antonio Film Festival
Jury Prize, Best Feature, Fort Collins TriMedia Festival
Best Comedy, Philadelphia Independent Film Festival
Reception.
Adventures of Power has received mixed to unfavorable reviews. Review-aggregator Metacritic assessed the film a "metascore" of 39, indicating "Generally unfavorable reviews", while Rotten Tomatoes assigns a score of 28%
"New York Magazine" called the film “One of the funniest films in recent years.” The "Chicago Sun-Times" rated the film as “Platinum level!” “An enthusiastic drums up!...Totally awesome” said a "LA Times" reviewer Michael Ordona. "Ain't It Cool News" described the film as “Crazy, hilarious, bizarre, insane...And in all the best ways possible.”
Neil Peart, drummer in the band Rush, called the film “The best rock movie in many a year.” “A huggable bit of indie fearlessness” is how "TimeOut New York" described the film. “Hilarious. Universally entertaining” said UGO.com. "Variety" reviewer Peter Deburge noted that the “Rowdy response to 'Power's' midnight unspooling at Sundance establishes the pic's cult-movie cred. Gold's a gifted comedian.” Tom Boyd of "Real Vail Magazine" said: “Audience Award winning film "Adventures of Power" took the Vail Film Festival by storm.” “"Adventures of Power" gets it right...Gold's vision is fully realized in a movie that blends place and theme, and a wicked ass soundtrack, wonderfully,” said Christopher Stipp, "Quick Stop Entertainment."
"The Chicago Reader" dubbed "Adventures of Power" “..."Spinal Tap" caliber!...Imaginative sight gags and laugh lines are timed like a Neil Peart solo, but the film also inexplicably succeeds as a melodrama and a heartfelt pro-labor statement.”
Chris Gore, of "ChinaShop Magazine" noted that “Optimism is making a comeback, but perhaps not as big a comeback as air-drumming after audiences see "Adventures of Power"...Perhaps the most hilarious opening to an indie comedy ever...Without apologies or irony, this is the kind of earnest go-for-your-dream movie that might have been made in the 1980s like "Flashdance" or "Karate Kid." And thats what works so well about "Adventures of Power," it is simultaneously hilarious and heartfelt and better yet, it all feels real. This film will single-handedly bring newfound respect for the art of air-drumming and dreamers everywhere.”
DVD release.
"Adventures of Power" was released on DVD in the United States on January 25, 2010, by Phase 4 Films.
The DVD extras include an exclusive interview and drum-off with Rush drummer Neil Peart; a music video starring Adrian Grenier ("Entourage") as Dallas H.; deleted scenes featuring Jane Lynch ("Glee") and more; Postcards from the Set, the story of the making of the film; fan videos, short films by Ari Gold; and trailers and commentary.
Soundtrack.
The film features original songs by Ethan Gold and hits by Rush (Tom Sawyer), Mr. Mister (Kyrie), Judas Priest (Hell Bent For Leather), Phil Collins (In The Air Tonight), Dazz Band (Let It Whip), Loverboy, Bow Wow Wow and Woody Guthrie. 
The "Adventures of Power" original motion picture soundtrack contains the original songs by Ethan Gold that appear in the film. It also contains the "Adventures of Power Story," 36 digital postcards that describe the making of the film.
The soundtrack was released on December 25, 2010, by Gold Records.
Track listing:
1. “The Beat of Our Mama's Heart”
2. “New Jersey Nights”
3. “Impossible Fantasy”
4. “No Drums”
5. “A Little Like You”
6. “Rainwalk”
7. “Dream Drum Solo”
8. “Crib Hip Hop Mashup”
9. “Trains”
10. “Cerealismo”
11. “Bring the Hammer Down / Blanda y Mojada”
12. “Hospital Lullaby”
13. “Tabla Conga Kit Workout”
14. “No Hands”
15. “Nahnu Wahad”
16. “Impossible Love”
17. “The Kiss”
18. “The People Want Peas”
19. “The Call”
20. “Lovin' Tonight”
21. “We Can't Beat Them”
22. “We Got a Job to Do”
23. “The Docks”
24. “The Drums of Bakir”
25. “I Can Feel You”
26. “The Dance Floor”
27. “Ecscape, Supposably”
28. “Showtunes”
29. “The Armpit of the Nation”
30. “Union Local 832”
31. “Memory”
32. “Bugle Call / Impossible Rainwalk”
33. “Who I Really Am”
34. “A Golden Sound”
35. “Grunge”
36. “Cap Medley”
37. “Possible Fantasy” 
38. “New Jersey Nights / Tabla Breakdown” 
39. “Impossible Fantasy Ballad”
40. “We Are Power”
Bonus: Digital Booklet – the Adventures of Power Story

</doc>
<doc id="19460911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460911" title="JFC (reggae band)">
JFC (reggae band)

JFC is a reggae, calypso, and soca band based in Arlington, Virginia in the Northern Virginia / Washington, D.C. area. Starting as an active band in 2005, their music is produced independently.
Biography.
JFC is a multi-cultural roots reggae/soca/calypso band with members from Jamaica, Trinidad & Tobago, and the USA. Fronted by Trinidad’s Stephen Samuel (Prime Minister’s Cultural Entourage), JFC plays Caribbean dance rhythms, writing songs with positive messages.
Stephen Samuel began his musical career in is homelend of Trinidad circa 1960, playing soca & calypso. He was a mainstay in the showcase Calypso tents at Trinidad and Tobago Carnival in the 1970s - 1980s. Throughout the 1980s-1990s, Samuel fronted reggae & caribbean bands for the Carnival Cruise Lines.
In 2005, after a hiatus from music, Samuel formed the band JFC, attracting local musicians Earl Carter (Marcus Johnson, Experience Unlimited, P. Diddy), and Glenn Arnett (Peaches & Herb). 2008 saw the addition of African drum teacher David McDavitt(Chopteeth), and bassist Englishman (Itals, Ras Michael's Sons of Negus, Shango Band). In 2010 guitarist Robin Armstrong (Culture), and saxophonist Trevor Specht(Chopteeth), joined JFC. In 2011 keyboardist Worrel "Kango" David (Passion Reggaem TR7, DKGB, Heat Wave) joined JFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19460912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460912" title="Rzochów">
Rzochów

Rzochów is a historic old town, now a suburb of Mielec , a city in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (Województwo Podkarpackie) (since 1999). Mielec is a capital city of Mielec County.
History.
Rzochów was established between 1379 and 1382. At the beginning of the 15th century it was given city rights by king Władysław II Jagiełło. From about this time the town became known as a regional shoemaking centre. In the 19th century it was recorded that there were over 120 shoemakers, cordwainers and cobblers.
The rail link between Dębicą and Sandomierz was completed in 1887. 
In 1985 Rzochów was incorporated into Mielec. Its population was at the time about 910 people
References.
Bibliography.
Notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19460925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460925" title="SPARC64 VI">
SPARC64 VI

The SPARC64 VI, code-named Olympus-C, is a microprocessor, developed by Fujitsu. It implements the SPARC V9 instruction set architecture (ISA) and is compliant with the Joint Programming Specification (JSP1) developed by Fujitsu and Sun. It is used by Fujitsu and Sun Microsystems in their SPARC Enterprise M-class servers. The SPARC64 VI was succeeded by the SPARC64 VII (previously called the SPARC64 VI+) in July 2008.
Description.
The microprocessor has two cores. Each core is a modified SPARC64 V+ microprocessor. The process shrink enabled both cores and a secondary cache to be contained on a die.
The SPARC64 VI implements multithreading using two techniques, chip multiprocessing (CMP) and coarse-grained multi-threading which Fujitsu calls vertical multi-threading (VMT). The two cores both execute one thread each simultaneously, implementing CMP. Each core executes two threads, but only one of the two concurrent threads is executed at any given time. Which thread is executed is determined by time sharing or if the thread is executing a long latency operation, prompting the pipeline switches to another thread. Multithreading required duplication of the integer registers, floating-point registers, control registers and program counters so there is one set of each for every thread.
As the SPARC64 VI is a dual-core microprocessor, bandwidth had to be increased if the extra core is to contribute to performance significantly. The cores share a 6 MB on-die unified L2 cache. The L2 cache is 12-way set associative and has a 256-byte line size. The cache is accessed by two unidirectional buses. The read bus, which delivers data to the cores, is 256 bits wide; and the write bus is 128-bit wide. It also uses a new system bus, the Jupiter Bus.
The SPARC64 VI is the first SPARC microprocessor implementing a fused multiply–add (FMA), while the corresponding instructions performed separate multiplication and addition operations in previous versions.
Physical.
The SPARC64 VI consisted of 540 million transistors. The die measures 20.38 mm by 20.67 mm for an area of 421.25 mm2. It is fabricated by Fujitsu in a 90 nm, 10-layer copper, complementary metal–oxide–semiconductor (CMOS) silicon on insulator (SOI) process.
SPARC64 VII.
The SPARC64 VII, code-named "Jupiter", is a further development of the SPARC64 VI. It is a quad-core microprocessor. Each core is capable of two-way simultaneous multithreading (SMT), which replaces two-way coarse-grained multithreading, termed vertical multithreading (VMT) by Fujitsu. Thus, it can execute eight threads simultaneously.
Other changes include more RAS features. The integer register file is now protected by ECC, and the number of error checkers has been increased to around 3,400.
It consists of 600 million transistors and is fabricated by Fujitsu in a 65 nm CMOS process.
The SPARC64 VII is socket compatible with its predecessor, the SPARC64 VI. Existing M-class servers are able to upgrade to the SPARC64 VII processors in the field.
SPARC64 VII+.
The SPARC64 VII+, code-named "Jupiter-E", is a further development of the SPARC64 VII. The VII+ holds the following features in common with the VII include: both are quad-core microprocessors where each core is capable of two-way simultaneous multithreading (SMT); a single socket can execute eight threads simultaneously; each core gets 128 kB Level 1 cache.
Changes includes running at 3 GHz and containing 12 MB of Level 2 cache. The 50% increase in cache and 4% increase in clock speed results in approximately a 20% increase in overall performance.
The SPARC64 VII+ is socket compatible with its predecessor, the SPARC64 VII. Existing high-end M-class servers are able to upgrade to the SPARC64 VII+ processors in the field.
SPARC64 VIIIfx.
The SPARC64 VIIIfx, code-named "Venus", is an eight-core version of the SPARC64 VII. It includes a memory controller and 760 million transistors. The processor is capable of 128 GFLOPS and is fabricated using Fujitsu's 45 nm process technology.
Specifications.
More on specifications and architecture is in this Fujitsu presentation.
K supercomputer.
The K computer is a supercomputer being produced by Fujitsu and located at the RIKEN Advanced Institute for Computational Science campus in Kobe, Japan. It uses 8-core SPARC64 VIIIfx processors. In June 2011, TOP500 Project Committee announced that the K Computer topped the LINPACK benchmark with the performance of 8.162 petaflops with a computing efficiency ratio of 93.0%, making it the fastest supercomputer in the world at that time.
SPARC64 IXfx.
Fujitsu introduced the SPARC64 IXfx processor in November 2011 when they revealed the PRIMEHPC FX10 supercomputer architecture. The IXfx processor has 16 cores, 12 MB shared L2 cache, runs at 1.85 GHz, will reach a peak performance of 236.5 GFLOPS and will have a power efficiency of more than 2 GFLOPS per watt, i.e. 115 W per chip. It uses a SPARC v9 ISA, extended for high performance computing, with increased amounts of registers for integer and floating point computing.
Fujitsu announced global availability of PRIMEHPC FX10 systems in November 2011; the first installation started operation at the University of Tokyo in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19460954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19460954" title="Dark Horse (Nickelback album)">
Dark Horse (Nickelback album)

Dark Horse is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Nickelback, released on November 17, 2008, in Europe and a day later elsewhere. It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling "All the Right Reasons" (2005). It was co-produced by the band and producer and songwriter Robert John "Mutt" Lange, known for working with such acts as Foreigner, AC/DC, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard and Shania Twain. The album was almost entirely produced on digital audio workstations like FL Studio and Pro Tools, and with very little reliance on live instruments unlike their previous albums. "Dark Horse" sold 326,000 in its first week and debuted at number 2 in the US. More than a year after its release, the album has not left the Top 100 on the "Billboard" 200. In its 91st week, the album peaked at #46 on the latest issue, on the week of August 28, 2010. On 9 October, the album has since stayed there for 97 consecutive weeks, in the position of #71. The album has spent 125 consecutive weeks inside the "Billboard" 200.
It was ranked #191 on "Billboard"s "200 Albums of the Decade". It is also the band's fourth straight Multi-Platinum selling album in the U.S. As of 2010 the album has sold 3 million copies in the United States and 5 million copies worldwide.
Promotion and singles.
The first single from the album was "Gotta Be Somebody", which was released online for free digital download on September 29, 2008, for a strict 24-hour period. "If Today Was Your Last Day" had been planned as the lead single but was scrapped at the last minute. The track "Something in Your Mouth" became available for download from the United States iTunes Store on October 28, and was released to US rock radio airplay as the second single from the album on December 15. The song was a hit in 2009 in many countries, such as the United States. In Australia, it received little airplay.
In January 2009, the album's second mainstream single (third overall) was released: "I'd Come for You", with Nigel Dick having made the music video. Songs "Something in Your Mouth" and "Burn It to the Ground", written by Kroeger, were released only to the rock radio stations in December 2008 and May 2009 respectively.
The exclusive Wal-Mart edition of "Dark Horse" included a link to download an MP3 from Nickelback's performance of "This Afternoon" on Wal-Mart Soundcheck.
The album won numerous accolades at the 2009 Juno Awards, winning three out of five of its nominated awards including "Rock Album of the Year".
"Dark Horse" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on December 9, 2008, only three weeks after its North American release. The album also remained in the top 20 on the "Billboard 200" for weeks after its release. The album was certified two times platinum in April 2009, and had by April 2010 sold over 3 million copies in the U.S.
"Burn it to the Ground" was also nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 52nd Grammy Awards but lost to AC/DC's ""War Machine"".
On September 13, 2010, the album re-entered the German Albums Chart at No. 30, 21 months after its debut and almost 6 months after its last entry on that chart.
Reception.
The album received mostly negative reviews, shown by an average of 49 out of 100 on the review aggregator Metacritic. However, it received a positive review and won the Juno Award for Album of the Year, a category whose nominees are the top five selling Canadian releases of the year. Despite this award, the critical reception of the album has been mainly very negative.
Stephen Thomas Erlewin of Allmusic gave "Dark Horse" 1.5/5, writing, ""Dark Horse" is constructed entirely from the group's standard power ballad and hard rock templates, the mood only lightening when Kroeger and company take a break to kick back on 'This Afternoon.'" "Entertainment Weekly" reviewer Leah Greenblatt wrote, "It's hard not to be put off by the execrable lyrics of album opener "Something in Your Mouth" (the song is basically kryptonite for feminists)." PopMatters criticised the band's release, giving it 3/10 and saying it was a step down from previous albums: "Dark Horse finds the group at a creative low point. Each song sounds like an older, better Nickelback hit, and Kroeger only once displays his prior songwriting strength with the sad-bastard portrait 'Just to Get High'." "The Guardian" awarded the album 1/5, being particularly negative of the band's cliché style; "Nickelback's music reaffirms every sex-and-stupidity cliche hard rock can offer."
"Rolling Stone" gave the album a positive review, complimenting its production. ""Mutt" Lange lightens Nickelback's dreary post-grunge plod, applying guitar shimmer to prom ballads and detonating big beats under frat-party shouts and raplike vocal parts." Whilst "ChartAttack" credited the band's success to knowing its target audience: "Chad Kroeger is a genius because he knows exactly what people want and precisely how far he can go. He turned out an extremely racy album that's loaded with songs about gettin' drunk and doin' it all without breaking any taboos, and with enough love and moral authority to grease its passage into the mainstream. Rejoice, North America. This is your world." "Billboard" also praised the album's content: "The bulletproof Nickelback provides affordable fun that promises good returns in hard times."
Personnel.
Nickelback
Production personnel
Additional production personnel

</doc>
<doc id="19461019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461019" title="Mitsuru Hongo">
Mitsuru Hongo

Hongo originally worked at Ajiado as an animator but moved to Shin-Ei Animation where he directed "Crayon Shin-chan". He left in 1996 and went on to direct "IGPX", "Kyoro-chan", "Outlaw Star", "Reideen" "Shamanic Princess" and "The Candidate for Goddess". He also directed and wrote the screenplay for the feature film "".
Hongo is a native of Tokyo but grew up in Niigata Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="19461027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461027" title="Dirhash">
Dirhash

Dirhash is a feature of FreeBSD that improves the speed of finding files in a directory. Rather than finding a file in a directory using a linear search algorithm, FreeBSD uses a hash table. The feature is backwards-compatible because the hash table is built in memory when the directory is accessed, and it does not affect the on-disk format of the filesystem, in contrast to systems such as Htree. Dirhash was implemented by Ian Dowse early in 2001 and imported into FreeBSD in July 2001. It was subsequently imported into OpenBSD in December 2003 and NetBSD in January 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19461068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461068" title="Greenwood Farm (Richmond Heights, Ohio)">
Greenwood Farm (Richmond Heights, Ohio)

Greenwood Farm (Richmond Heights, Ohio) was the family estate of Maude and George W. Phypers. It is composed of of green trees, open grass, a barn, and a three story brick house built in 1917. A creek runs through the property from which deer and raccoon frequently emerge.
The city of Richmond Heights now owns Greenwood Farm and is considering making the home a theater that could be a regional draw for the arts, such as the Fine Arts Center in Willoughby, Ohio.
Maude Phypers' maternal grandfather was Thomas Smith Greenwood. Greenwood Farm is named after Maude's childhood home Greenwood Farm (Ipswich, Massachusetts) which consists of and two houses. The 'new' house was built c. 1828 and the 'old' Paine House (c. 1694). The Trustees of Reservations now maintains Greenwood Farm (Ipswich).
George William Phypers was significant in local history, not only for his land holdings at Greenwood Farm, but also for his civic work and for his prominence in the development of Cleveland's insurance infrastructure.
George's father, George Sutcliffe Phypers, was born at St. Ives, Huntingdonshire, England. In 1850, when he was one year old, George S. Phypers came to America with his parents, John Phypers and Elizabeth Sutcliffe. As an adult, George S. Phypers worked in Cleveland as foreman at the White Sewing Machine Company.
George William Phypers was born on 8 April 1873, the first of his parents' five children. He attended school in the City of Cleveland until the age of fourteen, when he took a job as messenger boy for the Lake Shore Railroad. His first involvement in the insurance business occurred in 1893, when he joined Olmstead Thomas and Company. After several years, he attended Western Reserve University for a short period, while working part-time. In September 1900, George W. married, Maude Pauline Maynard from Ipswich, Massachusetts.
Maude Pauline Maynard was the daughter of New England naturalist Charles Johnson Maynard and Pauline Thurlow Greenwood (later Pauline T. Farley). Maude's maternal ancestors had come to Massachusetts from England, in the first half of the 17th century. Maude attended the Boston Latin School and was later a school teacher. Maude met George through George’s business contacts with her step father, Thomas Swasey Farley, who was also in the insurance business in Cleveland.
After their marriage, George and Maude lived in a home on Stanwood Road in East Cleveland. George’s connection to East Cleveland would continue long after he moved the family “up the hill” to Greenwood Farm. George was one of the three men who formed the East Cleveland Baptist Church, which continues today as an anchor within the Baptist community.
In 1908, George and Maude purchased the Schmidt property in what was then defined as the Township of Euclid. George and Maude named their homestead "Greenwood Farm", in memory of Maude's maternal grandfather, Thomas Smith Greenwood, and the large farm he had owned in Ipswich, Massachusetts.
Maude and George transformed Greenwood Farm into a self-sufficient home, making use of the land and barn for growing crops. The Ohio Agricultural Extension Service in 1912, recommended a design that would provide the best yields and proper drainage for the farm.
For many years the farm had a variety of livestock, including cows, chickens and Tamworth boars. George loaned the boars out for a $2.00 stud fee or a choice of the resulting litter.
In 1909, George's desire to own his own insurance company became a reality: He and his brother Charles formed the Phypers Brothers Company. By 1910 the company was the fifth largest and was mentioned in a volume on the History of Cleveland. Charles later left the Phypers company, and George joined his company with that of Mr. Harold Neale. Today that company is still in existence in Independence, Ohio, and is known as the Neale-Phypers Corporation. Over the years, George would become well known in the insurance industry. He served as president of the Insurance Board of Cleveland (1947–48).
In 1925, George was elected to the Council of the Village of Richmond Heights. He served for thirty-two years, including several terms as Council President. As a leader, he guided Council into a contract for the Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, to provide the community with electricity. Prior to that, George had run power lines from his Greenwood Farm dynamo to the local one-room school house located on Chardon Road, across the creek from the farm.
George and Maude had six children spanning 12 years: June, Paul, Fordham, Thurlow, Marian, and Ruth.
June became a second mother to the younger children, but this was not enough for such a large family and so, from time to time, domestic workers were hired. A room on the third floor was used for live-in help when needed.
The rest of the third floor was a single large room — a perfect play area. Here the youngsters practiced fencing, staged their own theatrical performances (complete with sliding curtains), and played billiards.
Education was stressed in the Phypers family, and play was not allowed to diminish the discipline and importance of the children's schoolwork. In addition, each child was expected to perform chores at Greenwood farm. At times the children, under Maud’s direction, would set up a vegetable stand at the roadside of rural Richmond Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19461113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461113" title="List of Kirarin Revolution episodes">
List of Kirarin Revolution episodes

"Kirarin Revolution" is a 2006 Japanese anime television series based on a manga series of the same name by An Nakahara.

</doc>
<doc id="19461137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461137" title="Steve Coleman (Wushu)">
Steve Coleman (Wushu)

Steve Coleman was born on 22 September 1981. He is best known for being a Great Britain Wushu athlete and an actor.
Steve has won the Great Britain National Wushu Championships no less than 7 times, as well as breaking and setting new Great Britain National Wushu records. Steve is also the first competitor from the UK to win medals in the Longfist category (changquan) at the European Championships since Ray Park in 1994.
History of Steve Coleman in martial arts.
Steve began martial arts at the age of 9 by practicing Shotokan Karate. He trained and competed in Karate until the age of 14, earning a junior black belt and winning several competitions in fighting and forms. At 15, Steve turned his attention to Kung Fu and kickboxing. After a year of finding his direction in martial arts Steve began training in London in Wushu and Chin Woo (traditional kung fu), later complemented by training in San-Shou (Chinese Kickboxing) and Gymnastics.
This took Steve around the world training and competing in Malaysia, USA, Europe and China, winning the 2002 Chin Woo World Championships and the Traditional National Wushu Championships in 2001 and 2002.
At the age of 21, Steve continued his training by focusing strictly on Wushu. Having found himself a personal 1-2-1 coach in Mike Donoghue, former Great Britain Wushu athlete in 1995, Steve went on to win the all-round National Wushu Championships in 2003 and consecutively every year since. This was added to with another World Chin Woo Championship win in 2006, various European Competition wins, and representation of the Great Britain Wushu Team.
Steve became the senior athlete and Captain of the GB Team in 2006 and currently holds national records for Wushu in Great Britain.
The first appearance of Steve on TV was on a show called "Master’s of Combat", aired on BBC2 in 2001. This was later followed up with an appearance in a documentary "This is Kung Fu", also shown on BBC2 and then with the music video "A Little Less Conversation" by JXL vs. Elvis Presley.
In between training and competing, Steve has performed regularly for the London Chinese Acrobats, appeared as the martial artist in various promos, commercials, stage shows and stunt doubled/choreographed for actors in film and TV.
In recent years Steve has studied acting at degree level at the University of Northampton.
In the 2011 film On The Ropes, Steve stars alongside Mark Noyce, Joe Egan, Ben Shockley and Raymond Griffiths in a mockumentary style film about martial arts culture in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19461142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461142" title="Doug Wyer">
Doug Wyer

Doug Wyer (born 16 August 1947 in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire, England) is a former international speedway rider who reached the final of the Speedway World Championship in 1976. Rode for Young Lions V Great Britain on 6 April 1976 at Leicester Stadium.
Wyer won the National League Pairs Championship with Les Collins in 1986

</doc>
<doc id="19461150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461150" title="Skellington Productions">
Skellington Productions

Skellington Productions was a company that was a joint venture between Walt Disney Animation Studios and directors Henry Selick and Tim Burton. The company specialized in stop motion animation and made use of the art in its two films.
Henry Selick and Tim Burton formed the company in 1986 as Selick/Burton Projects, where Tim Burton could direct episodes of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and Shelley Duvall's "Faerie Tale Theatre", while Henry Selick could focus on doing animation. After producing award-winning animation for MTV, Ritz, Pillsbury, and more, Tim Burton left to work on "Beetlejuice" (1988), so Selick renamed the studio to Selick Projects.
In September 1992, Tim Burton returned Selick's studio, renamed it Skellington Productions, and sold it to Disney. The first film produced by Skellington Productions (which gave the company its namesake), "The Nightmare Before Christmas", was released theatrically in 1993 under Disney's Touchstone Pictures banner to an extremely positive response and box office, becoming a sleeper hit. Since 2006, "Nightmare" has been released by Walt Disney Pictures and in Disney Digital 3-D format.
The second and final film, "James and the Giant Peach", released to theaters in 1996. It also met with positive reviews but failed to make a suitable profit.
Aside from film, Skellington Productions also worked on the "KaBlam!" short, "Life With Loopy" in 1996 for the show's first season. The show aired on Nickelodeon from 1996 to 2000. Skellington Productions left after the first season.

</doc>
<doc id="19461153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461153" title="Li'l Red Riding Hood">
Li'l Red Riding Hood

"Li'l Red Riding Hood" was a 1966 song performed by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs. It was the group's second top-10 hit, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 in August 1966 and No. 2 on the Canadian RPM Magazine charts. It was certified gold by the RIAA on August 11, 1966.
It is a prominent plot element in the 1993 film "Striking Distance" with Bruce Willis, and is featured in the film "Wild Country" in 2005 and a cover by Laura Gibson in a 2012 Volvo commercial for its S60T5. The song appeard in the TV show "Grimm" where it was played at the beginning of the season 3 episode "Red Menace" that aired in 2014.
Premise.
The song is built around Charles Perrault's fairy tale "Little Red Riding Hood", adapted by ending before the grandmother makes her entrance, and explicitly using the ambiguity of modern English between "wolf", the carnivore, and "wolf", a man with concealed sexual intentions. The effect, whether intentional or incidental, is to strip away the fairy tale's metaphorical device and present the relationship between the two characters without literary pretense.
The singer remarks on "what big eyes" and "what full lips" Red has, and eventually on "what a big heart" he himself has. An added element is that he says (presumably aside, to the song's audience) that he is disguised in a "sheep suit" until he can demonstrate his good intentions, but he seems to be having a hard time suppressing his wolf call in the form of a howl, in favor of the baa-ing of a sheep, at the very end of the song when Sam repeats the word "BAAHED" a few times during the song's fade. One of its signature lines is "you're ev'rything that a big bad wolf could want".
Attribution.
The song whose lyrics are described just above is widely attributed to Ronald Blackwell. There seems to be no controversy (although various titles are occasionally used) that one with a similar title was earlier written and recorded by the Big Bopper, and released as "Little Red Riding Hood" (N.B.: with "little" spelled out) late in 1958 as the B-side of his second hit. The searchable sites with its complete lyrics as text seem to constitute no more than a handful, but a recording, purported to be of his voice and thus presumably as being authoritative as to lyrics, exists online.
Though related in concept to the later Blackwell song, these differ in:
However, at least one site, which ignores the Bopper-recorded lyrics in listing his work, attributes the Blackwell/Pharaohs lyrics to the Big Bopper.
Cover versions.
Subsequent recordings of the Blackwell composition include:
ApologetiX parodied this song as "Little-Read Bible Book" on their 2004 album, "Adam Up".
To promote her movie "Red Riding Hood", star Amanda Seyfried performed a cover of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19461168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461168" title="Suranaree University of Technology">
Suranaree University of Technology

The Suranaree University of Technology ( , SUT (Royal Thai General System: Suranari University of Technology)) is in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand. The university was established on July 27, 1990, becoming fully operational in 1993.
It is named after Thao Suranaree, the local heroine of Nakhon Ratchasima. It has been entitled as 1 of 9 National Research Universities of Thailand since 2009.
Suranaree University of Technology is the first ever university in Thailand that initiated Trimester System for its educational management consisting of 13 weeks for each trimester providing enough time for students to concentrate on their study more effectively. It also enables the university to integrate cooperative education into every curriculum at an undergraduate level in which students can have hands-on experience at the workplace, full time, and more time to enrich their practical knowledge and skills. It has recently been selected as an international satellite office of the World Association Cooperative Education (WACE). 
Suranaree University of Technology houses the National Synchrotron Research Center that enables advanced research on physics, materials science and related areas. The School of Physics has been ranked as the first in the country consecutively. In addition, the university has been recognized as one the most productive institutions. It is the youngest institution among the nine National Research Universities of Thailand. 
Pledge.
Suranaree University of Technology was established as a public autonomous university, outside the civil service system, under the supervision of the Royal Thai Government. It is a university town which aims to promote internal and external efficiency and academic freedom in its operations and to be a community of scholars in the arts, sciences and technology, to benefit both the individual and society. This university hereby pledges itself to excellence in all its missions: to improve the quality of life and to collect and create knowledge, moral ethos and wisdom for the everlasting development of mankind.
Vision.
Suranaree University of Technology is firmly determined to become a first class university of Thailand and a leading university in science and technology in Asia, an academic resource and a repository of knowledge, maintaining excellence in all its missions, collecting and creating knowledge, moral ethos, and wisdom for the sustainable development of the individual and society.
Strategies for development.
Suranaree University of Technology’s five-fold developmental strategy and goals are as follows:
Missions.
Suranaree University of Technology has five principal missions:

</doc>
<doc id="19461190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461190" title="Jedediah">
Jedediah

The name Jedediah comes from Yedidya, a Hebrew name meaning "Friend of God" or "beloved of God". In the Bible, Jedidiah was the “blessing" name given by God through prophet Nathan, in infancy to Solomon, King David's second son by Bathsheba.
Persons so named include:
In the motion picture Citizen Kane, directed by Orson Welles, Joseph Cotten plays the character Jedediah Leland, Kane´s best friend.

</doc>
<doc id="19461274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461274" title="Parachute Express">
Parachute Express

Parachute Express is a band of three California-based entertainers who perform, write and produce music for children. Members are Stephen Michael Schwartz, Janice Hubbard and Donny Becker. Parachute Express gained national prominence as recording artists for Gymboree Play & Music, Walt Disney Records, and Trio Lane Records. They sing the theme song to the popular television series Jay Jay The Jet Plane and have been seen on TV shows Nickelodeon's "Nick Jr. Rocks" and Disney's "Kaleidoscope Concerts". Their music is featured in over 550 Gymboree franchises throughout the world, as well as in preschools, daycare centers and diverse informal education programs. 
Parachute Express created a total of twelve albums to date, selling over half a million units (figure for 2004). In the early 1990s Parachute Express recorded for Walt Disney Records under the Music Box Artist Series. Since 1998 the trio has its own label, Trio Lane Records. Many of their albums have won national awards including NAPPA awards, the Film Advisory Board Award, an Indie Award, a Toy of The Year Award, and several times the Parents' Choice Gold Award. 
Their video "Come Sing With Us!" won the Parents Choice Video Award and an International Monitor Award. They have been voted "Best Group" by the American Academy of Children's Entertainment. Their long list of honors further includes featured performers at the 42nd and 43rd Presidential Inaugural Festivities, performing their "poetic anthem" "We The Children". This song was included in the Presidential library by then First Lady Hillary Clinton. They performed half a dozen times at the Annual Easter Egg Hunt on the lawn of the White House and continue to perform to date. In 2010 and 2011 Parachute Express toured China, performing in Nanjing, Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen.
In 1984, Donny was James "Gymbo" the Clown in the video, "Gymboree: Play with a Purpose".

</doc>
<doc id="19461317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461317" title="Doña Perfecta (film)">
Doña Perfecta (film)

Doña Perfecta is a 1951 Mexican film version of the famous novel by Benito Pérez Galdós, directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Dolores del Río.
Plot summary.
The action occurs in 19th century México, when a young liberal named Don José (Pepe) Rey, arrives in a city, with the intention of marrying his cousin Rosario. This was a marriage of convenience arranged between Pepe's father Juan and Juan's sister, Perfecta (Dolores del Río).
Upon getting to know each other, Pepe and Rosario declare their eternal love, but in steps Don Inocencio, the cathedral canon, who meddles and obstructs the marriage as well as the good intentions of Doña Perfecta and her brother Don Juan. Over the course of time, several events lead up to a confrontation between Pepe Rey and his aunt Perfecta, which is caused by her refusal to allow Pepe and Rosario to marry, because Pepe is a non-believer.

</doc>
<doc id="19461319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461319" title="819th Strategic Aerospace Division">
819th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 819th Strategic Aerospace Division (825th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at Dyess Air Force Base, Texas. It was inactivated on July 2, 1966.
Activated in 1956 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, supervising and directing the combat training of its subordinate units in the Central Midwest of the United States from February 1956 – July 1966.
The division emphasized flying operations, flying training, and aircraft maintenance. In fulfilling its duties, the 819th participated in numerous tactical training exercises throughout its existence. Initially as an Air Division, controlled B-47 Stratojet wings, added SM-65 Atlas ICBM wings in 1962 and being designated as a Strategic Aerospace Division. Phased out B-47 and briefly being re-equipped with B-52 Stratofortress wings in 1962, B-52s reassigned in 1966.
Inactivated in 1966 as a result of SM-65 Atlas ICBM being retired.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19461323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461323" title="King Wu of Qin">
King Wu of Qin

King Wu of Qin (), also known as King Daowulie of Qin (秦悼武烈王) or King Daowu of Qin (秦悼武王) or King Wulie of Qin (秦武烈王), was the ruler of the Qin state from 310 to 307 BC during the Warring States period of Chinese history.
Despite his short era, King Wu did not make any help to the unification. He had invaded some of the Powers of the Warring States, especially Wei. In his fourth year, his minister Meng Shuo had challenged him into a contest of carrying The Quadripod of the Red Dragon. King Wu broke his knee bone while trying to carry the quadripod. At night, blood came out of his eyes, and very soon he died. He had ascended the throne at the age of nineteen, and died at 23. He only ruled for four years.
After King Wu's death, Meng Shuo was executed by the other ministers. Since King Wu died young, he had no son. This threw Qin into a short-year confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="19461337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461337" title="Big Brother 11 (U.S.)">
Big Brother 11 (U.S.)

Big Brother 11 was the eleventh season of the American reality television series "Big Brother". It is based upon the Netherlands series of the same name, which gained notoriety in 1999 and 2000. The series premiered on CBS on July 9, 2009 and lasted ten weeks until the live finale on September 15, 2009. The eleventh season saw a slight increase in ratings when compared to the past season of the series, which had some of the lowest ratings to date. The season premiered to a total of 6.59 million viewers, a slight increase from the previous season's launch. Despite this, it is the second lowest premiere for a season, only behind "Big Brother 10". The season finale had a total of 7.78 million viewers, continuing to average slightly above the past season. In total, the series averaged 7.19 million viewers, higher than that of the previous two seasons. "Big Brother 11" featured a total of 13 HouseGuests, one of which was a returning player from a previous season. The series ended after 73 days, in which HouseGuest Jordan Lloyd was crowned the Winner, and Natalie Martinez the Runner-Up.
The premise of the series remained largely unchanged from previous editions of the series, in which a group of contestants, known as "HouseGuests," compete to win the series by voting each other off and being the last HouseGuest remaining. One HouseGuest, known as the Head of Household, must nominate two of their fellow HouseGuests for eviction. The winner of the Power of Veto can remove one of the nominees from the block, forcing the HoH to nominate another HouseGuest. The HouseGuests then vote to evict one of the nominees, and the HouseGuest with the most votes is evicted. When only two HouseGuests remained, the last seven evicted HouseGuests, known as the Jury of Seven, would decide which of them would win the $500,000 prize. A HouseGuest can be expelled from the show for breaking rules, such as discussing nominations when not permitted. This season introduced the "Cliques" twist into the game, in which HouseGuests were split into four teams and played as groups for the first three weeks. Though competing in competitions and being evicted as individuals, a HouseGuest could not nominate a member of their clique should they win Head of Household; they were free to use the Power of Veto however they saw best fit and could vote against their clique members. This season also introduced Pandora's Box, a twist which would appear in all subsequent seasons. The Coup d'Etat secret power, debuted in "Big Brother: All-Stars", was also brought into play this season.
Following their appearance on this season, numerous HouseGuests have went on to appear in various other editions of the series. Winner Jordan Lloyd and fellow HouseGuest Jeff Schroeder returned for "Big Brother 12" the following year to participate in a Power of Veto competition. Jordan and Jeff later returned as HouseGuests to compete in "Big Brother 13" in 2011; they placed 4th and 7th respectively.
Production.
Development.
"Big Brother 11" was produced by Endemol USA and Allison Grodner Productions with Allison Grodner, Rich Meehan and Scott Einziger returned as executive producer. This season of the program was announced on September 18, 2008, three days after the season finale of "Big Brother 10". Casting for the program began during the final week of "Big Brother 10" with potential applicants submitting video tape submissions. Open auditions began on April 1, 2009 in Michigan by local CBS affiliate WLNS-TV and continued across the nation in various cities including Los Angeles, California, Chicago, Illinois, Waverly, Iowa, and Columbus, Ohio. Applications and video tape submissions were due by May 4, 2009. Applicants chosen to be a finalist went to Los Angeles, California from which applicants were narrowed down to a pool of forty finalists. Julie Chen interviewed casting director Robyn Kass and former HouseGuests Mike Malin and Brian Hart about the upcoming season and their experiences going through casting on March 19, 2009. Julie Chen confirmed that she would continue to host "Big Brother" during her pregnancy despite tabloid rumors stating she would take maternity leave.
Prizes.
The 13 HouseGuests this season were competing for the main prize of $500,000. The winner of the series, determined by the previously evicted HouseGuests, would win the $500,000 prize, while the Runner-Up would receive a $50,000 prize. Other than the main prize, various luxuries and prizes were given out throughout the season.
Broadcast.
"Big Brother 11" was broadcast on CBS from July 9, 2009 to September 15, 2009. This season lasted a total of 73 days, making it the third shortest season of the series to date. This season featured no changes to the schedule that was used in the previous edition, with episodes airing on Tuesdays, Thursday, and Sunday each week. The Thursday episode, which aired at 9 PM Eastern time, featured the live eviction and subsequent Head of Household competition taking place. During the live eviction, the show was hosted by Julie Chen. The Sunday episode, which aired at 8 PM Eastern time, featured the food competition and nomination ceremony, as well as some highlights from the previous days. The Tuesday episode featured the Power of Veto competition and the Power of Veto ceremony, along with more highlights of recent events in the game. Some changes to the scheduling format were made. Chima's expulsion from the game, for example, led to various changes in the formatting of the television broadcasts, and led to the cancellation of the upcoming Double Eviction week. The series was broadcast on Global Television Network in Canada. For the first time in the history of the show, "Big Brother" had a two-hour live season finale, which aired on September 15, an increase from the usual hour.
Much like the previous editions, the live feeds were also available again for this season. HouseGuests enter the house a few days before the premiere, and the feeds are not live for the first few days. They later go live after the broadcast of the launch episode. This season saw the cancellation of the spin-off series '. This made it the first season since "Big Brother 4" to not feature the companion show, though various events and talk shows have been hosted by the live feed providers since the show's cancellation. This season did, however, see the return of the ' spin-off series, which aired on Showtime Too nightly from 12 a.m. to 3 a.m. Eastern Time. The show served as a live feed into the house, and was edited only for slanderous statements and music copyrights. Much like the previous season, "Big Brother 11" is available for digital purchasing on iTunes and Amazon.com. "Big Brother" maintained an online platform with live subscription feeds from RealNetworks, a redesigned and relaunched website, online videos, full episodes, a fantasy game and segments on "Inside Dish with Ross Mathews". For the first time "Big Brother" launched two Twitter accounts; one featured updates from the production staff and one featured updates from the current Head of Household. Episodes of "Big Brother" continued to be streamed on CBS Mobile Channel on FLOTV. Mobile users were also able to interact and influence the show through SMS text messaging and, for the first time, a simulation game based on "Big Brother" was also available to mobile customers.
House.
As with each season since "Big Brother 6", the program was filmed at CBS Studios in Studio City, California. The production team was located in the second story of the House which included the story department, audio department and the switchers and shaders. The House was equipped with 52 cameras and 80 microphones to record the participants. The art department that created the competitions for the program was located outside the House. The House theme was eco-friendly and modern California living was released on June 29 during media day, where select members of the press were invited to spend 12 hours inside the House. Official pictures of the House interior were released by CBS on the same day, showing the living room, bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom, lounge room and backyard. The living room featured chipboard walls with fake plants along the side.
The spa that was featured in the House since season nine was removed and replaced with exercise bikes that when operated would power a light bulb. The former spa room featured recycled products like wood, plastic and aluminum turned into wallpaper. There was also a shipping container-based bathroom, an open kitchen that paid respects to the Pacific Rim and a portable garden where the HouseGuests would collect compost and grow their own herb garden was added to the backyard. The House included four bedrooms each varying in design and comfort. The Head of Household bedroom featured a penthouse design with a waterfall and a faux ocean front view while the first bedroom featured a VIP club lounge design, while the second bedroom resembled the bottom of a public pool and featured a slide and beds that were designed to look like flotation devices. The third room initially used by the HouseGuests was later turned into the Have-Not room, which was a simplistic gray bedroom with metal slabs used as beds.
Format.
The format remained largely unchanged from previous seasons. HouseGuests were incarcerated in the Big Brother House with no contact to and from the outside world. Each week, the HouseGuests took part in several compulsory challenges that determined who would win food, luxuries and power in the House. The winner of the Head of Household competition was immune from nominations and was instructed to nominate two fellow HouseGuests for eviction. After a HouseGuest became Head of Household he or she was ineligible to take part in the next Head of Household competition.
The winner of the Power of Veto competition won the right to save one of the nominated HouseGuests from eviction. If the Veto winner exercised the power, the Head of Household then had to nominate another HouseGuest for eviction.
On eviction night all HouseGuests except for the Head of Household and the two nominees voted to evict one of the two nominees. Before the voting began the nominees had the chance to say a final message to their fellow HouseGuests. This compulsory vote was conducted in the privacy of the Diary Room by the host Julie Chen. In the event of a tie, the Head of Household would break the tie and reveal their vote in front of the other HouseGuests. Unlike other versions of "Big Brother", the HouseGuests could discuss the nomination and eviction process open and freely. The nominee with the most votes from the other HouseGuests was evicted from the House on Thursday and interviewed by Julie Chen. HouseGuests could voluntarily leave the House at any time and those who broke the rules were expelled by Big Brother. The last seven evictiees of the season form the Jury that voted for the winner on the season finale, they were known as the jury members. The jury members were sequestered in a separate house and were not allowed to watch the show except for segments that included all of the HouseGuests. The jury members were not shown any Diary Room interviews or any footage that included strategy or details regarding nominations.
In a change from previous seasons, the food competitions were changed to Have vs. Have-Not competitions. HouseGuests were divided into either the "Haves" or the "Have Nots" depending on their performance in the competitions. HouseGuests that became "Have Nots" for the week were only allowed to eat slop and a weekly food restriction, chosen by the viewing public, cold showers and sleeping on metal beds. A new rule was revealed this season, in the event a HouseGuest that would be part of the jury to determine the winner voluntarily leaves the House or is expelled by Big Brother the American public replaced that HouseGuest on the jury and voted for the winner along with the remaining jury members.
HouseGuests.
Twelve of the thirteen HouseGuests were revealed during "The Early Show" on July 1, 2009 by Julie Chen. During the season premiere the HouseGuests were split into four cliques and Jessie Godderz was revealed as the final HouseGuest during the season premiere on July 9, 2009 after the Athletes clique won the first Head of Household competition.
Summary.
On Day 1, the original twelve HouseGuests entered the house. Following introductions, the HouseGuests learned of the season's twist, in which they would be playing as members of common high school cliques. Despite this, HouseGuests continued to play the game as individuals and competed in competitions as individuals, were nominated as individuals, and were evicted as individuals. They also learned that if a member of their clique won Head of Household, they could not be nominated for eviction. Upon entering the backyard to compete in their first Head of Household competition, the HouseGuests learned what cliques they would be playing as. HouseGuests Jeff, Natalie, and Russell were in the Athletes clique, while Chima, Michele, and Ronnie were in the Brains clique. Casey, Kevin, and Lydia were placed in the Offbeat clique, leaving Braden, Jordan, and Laura in the Popular clique. Following this, HouseGuests competed in the "The Wedgie" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests wore a pair of over-sized underwear and held onto a toilet seat while being suspended in air by the underwear. The last HouseGuest remaining in the air would earn a fourth member to their clique, with this member becoming the first Head of Household of the season. The four eligible HouseGuests to enter the game were former HouseGuests Michael "Cowboy" Ellis for the Offbeat clique, Jessica Hughbanks for the Popular clique, Brian Hart for the Brains clique, and Jessie Godderz for the Athletes clique. Natalie and Russell were the last two HouseGuests remaining, thus earned immunity for their clique and allowed them to earn a fourth clique member; Jessie entered the house as their fourth clique member, and became the first Head of Household of the season. Jessie's entrance to the house brought the total number of HouseGuests to thirteen. In an attempt to keep himself safe, Ronnie and Jessie later formed an alliance between the Brains clique and the Athletes clique. Hoping to hide their alliance, Jessie and Natalie later proposed Ronnie be nominated as a pawn, however, he quickly refused to do so.
On Day 4, HouseGuests competed in the "Big Brother Rave" Have-Not competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were required to construct a series of pipes to spell out the word "Have" while neon "Rave Juice" flowed through the piping. If done correctly, the pipes would cause the juice to spill onto a wheel and cause it to spin; the last team to complete the task would be the Have-Nots for the week. The Brains clique lost the competition, meaning Chima, Michele, and Ronnie were the Have-Nots for the week. This greatly upset Chima, who stated on numerous occasions afterwards that she was debating walking from the game. Jessie took an immediate dislike to Laura, and hoped to put her up, though his clique members attempted to convince him that Lydia should be evicted that week. Due to Ronnie refusing to be nominated as a pawn, Chima later agreed to be nominated as a pawn. On Day 5, Jessie chose to nominate Chima and Lydia for eviction, with Lydia being his target for eviction. Worried they might not have the votes to keep Chima, Jessie and Russell formed an alliance with Laura in attempt to get her to evict Lydia. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Russell, Natalie, and Jeff were selected to compete for the Power of Veto; Casey was selected to host. On Day 7, HouseGuests competed in the "Pop Goes the Veto!" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests had to pop "pimples" on an over-sized face, with various Scrabble tiles inside of them. The HouseGuests would collect tiles and attempt to spell a word with their collected tiles; the HouseGuest with the longest correctly spelled word would win the Power of Veto. Russell was the winner of the Power of Veto. Following the competition, Jeff engaged in numerous arguments with Russell and Natalie, causing a rift in their clique. In an attempt to save herself, Lydia attempted to convince Russell and Jessie to backdoor Braden that week by taking her off the block as a way to hurt Jeff. Russell later told Ronnie that this was the plan, with Ronnie telling Braden, Jeff, and Jordan about the plan. On Day 9, Russell chose to use the Power of Veto to remove Lydia from the block, with Braden being nominated in her place. Following Braden's nomination, Jordan and Laura began campaigning to get the votes for him to stay, and appeared to have themselves, Casey, Jeff, Michele, and Ronnie in agreement; Ronnie, however, was playing both sides and had no intention of keeping Braden in the game. On Day 12, Braden became the first HouseGuest to be evicted from the house when Jessie cast the tie-breaker vote in Chima's favor.
Following Braden's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Most Likely To..." Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests attempted to correctly guess which clique the viewers felt best fit a certain scenario; when a HouseGuest answered correctly they could eliminate one contestant from the competition, while an incorrect answer led to their own elimination. Ronnie was the winner. Following the eviction, those who evicted Chima began to speculate that Ronnie had been the HouseGuest to change his vote, though he continued to deny this and blamed Michele. Laura, being one of the first to realize that Ronnie had been the one to change his vote, attempted to turn the other HouseGuests against him, though Chima and Natalie later informed Ronnie of this. On Day 13, HouseGuests competed in the "Who Knows The Ugly Truth?" luxury competition. For this competition, former winner Dan Gheesling returned to host the competition, in which the HouseGuests were required to answer questions based on what a member of the opposite sex felt. The male and female winners of the competition would win the opportunity to see the film "The Ugly Truth", as well as choose the Have-Nots for the week. Casey and Chima are the winners of the prize, and choose the Popular clique, consisting of Jordan and Laura, to be the Have-Nots for the week. Later that day, Ronnie chose to nominate Jeff and Laura for eviction. Ronnie revealed his intentions to be backdooring Russell that week, though his alliance felt as though Russell would have the votes to stay. Following a confrontation between Lydia and Russell, Lydia and Kevin approached Ronnie about backdooring Russell, and Natalie later debated turning on him as she felt he placed a target on her back. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Russell, Natalie, and Casey were selected to compete for the Power of Veto; Lydia was selected to host. On Day 14, HouseGuests competed in the "Big Brother Mint" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were given an amount of money and had two minutes to attempt to get that amount of money in change. HouseGuests competed in rounds, and the HouseGuests farthest away from the goal amount each round was eliminated; the last HouseGuest remaining would win the Power of Veto. Jeff was the winner of the Power of Veto. Despite initially planning on nominating Russell after the Power of Veto was used, Ronnie later began to see Laura as a bigger threat, feeling she was smart enough to figure out his plans. On Day 16, Jeff chose to use the Power of Veto to remove himself from the block, with Jordan being nominated in his place. When Ronnie lied and stated that Russell was campaigning to keep Laura in the game, he was confronted by the majority of the HouseGuests and accused of lying and playing both sides of the house. Following these events, Russell followed Ronnie around the house calling him names and taunting him for days afterwards. On Day 19, Laura became the second HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of eight to one.
Following Laura's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Buzzworthy" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests attempted to launch a ball into a group of buckets in the shape of a honeycomb with the goal of being closest to the center. The HouseGuest who was closest to the center would be the Head of Household. Jessie was the winner. Though numerous HouseGuests expected Ronnie to be nominated that week, Jessie informed Natalie and Russell that he would be making his own decisions that week, rather than listening to the other HouseGuests. Natalie and Russell, fearing he would come after them, suggested that Casey should be targeted that week. On Day 20, HouseGuests competed in the "Back Yard Bash" Have-Not competition. For this competition, one HouseGuest from each clique competed, and were required to attempt to fill their opponents cans with various plastic ice cubes; the clique with the most ice cubes in their can would be the Have-Nots for the week. The Brains clique, consisting of Chima, Michele, and Ronnie, were the Have-Nots for the week. Later that day, Jessie chose to nominate Jordan and Michele for eviction, with the intention of seeing Casey be evicted that week. Despite Jessie's nominations, Casey, Jeff, Jordan, and Michele were still under the impression that Ronnie was the target for eviction rather than Casey. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Jeff, Casey, and Chima were selected to compete; Natalie was selected to host. On Day 21, HouseGuests competed in the "When Pigs Fly" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests dressed as pigs and were required to dig through mud in an attempt to find various truffles with point values on them, with each HouseGuest selecting four truffles to keep; the winner was the HouseGuest that had the highest total when combining the numbers on their truffles. Michele was the winner of the Power of Veto. On Day 23, Michele chose to use the Power of Veto to remove herself from the block, with Casey being nominated in her place. On Day 26, Casey became the third HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of seven to one.
Following Casey's eviction, the HouseGuests learned that the "Cliques" twist had ended, and that all HouseGuests were playing the game as individuals. They also learned that the viewers would select one HouseGuest to win a "Mystery Power", though it was not revealed what the power would be. The ten remaining HouseGuests then competed in the "Big Brother Graduation" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests sat on "graduation caps" suspended in the air while being hit by a foam diploma; the last HouseGuest remaining on their cap would be the new Head of Household. Russell was the winner. Jordan, as part of a twist in the competition, had to select three HouseGuests to be Have-Nots for the week; she chose Jessie, Kevin, and Natalie. Though the two initially had a feud, Jeff and Russell later chose to align with one another. On Day 27, Russell chose to nominate Lydia and Ronnie for eviction, with Ronnie being his main target. Though Russell was adamant about seeing Ronnie evicted that week, Chima, Jessie, and Natalie hoped to see Lydia be evicted instead. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Jessie, Kevin, and Michele were selected to compete; Chima was selected to host. On Day 28, HouseGuests competed in the "Vini Vidi Veto" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests had to determine the quantity of an object used to make an object. Each round, HouseGuests could either stay or fold; folding would allow them to continue in the game, but could not get a point whereas the HouseGuest with the answer closest to the correct one would earn a point, though the farthest was eliminated. Michele was the winner of the Power of Veto. On Day 30, Michele chose not to use the Power of Veto on either nominee. Following this, Jeff learned that he had won the power of the "Coup d'Etat", in which he could overthrow the Head of Household and make his own nominations on the spot; this power could only be used at the next two evictions, and the current Head of Household and Power of Veto holder were unable to be nominated. On Day 33, Ronnie became the fourth HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of four to three.
Following Ronnie's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Say what?" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were asked true or false questions about fan-submitted messages they had heard the previous night; an incorrect answer resulted in elimination, and the last HouseGuest remaining was the winner. Chima was the winner. On Day 34, HouseGuests competed in the "The Goods" luxury competition. For this competition, actor Jeremy Piven entered the house to inform the HouseGuests of the competition. The HouseGuests split into teams and were required to fill a station wagon with various items that were worth different amounts of points; the team would only earn a point for the items they successfully fit into their car, and the team with the most points would earn the right to see the film "The Goods". The team of Chima, Jordan, Jessie, Natalie, and Russell won the competition, meaning Jeff, Kevin, Lydia, and Michele were the Have-Nots for the week. Later that day, Chima chose to nominate Lydia and Russell for eviction. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Jeff, Kevin, and Natalie were selected to compete; Michele was selected to host. On Day 35, HouseGuests competed in the "BB Farm" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were required to reach through a fence and attempt to get twelve eggs from the opposite side of the fence to them; the first HouseGuest to successfully get twelve eggs would win the Power of Veto. Kevin was the winner of the Power of Veto. On Day 37, Kevin chose not to use the Power of Veto on either nominee. On Day 40, Jeff chose to use the Coup d'Etat, thus overthrowing Head of Household Chima. He chose to remove both Lydia and Russell from the block, replacing them with Jessie and Natalie. Due to using the Coup d'Etat, Jeff was ineligible to vote during this eviction, as was Chima. Jessie then became the fifth HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of three to two. He became the first member of the Jury of Seven.
Following Jessie's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Hit the Road" Head of Household competition. Due to the Coup d'Etat being used, all of the HouseGuests were able to compete. For this competition, HouseGuests faced off two at a time and were asked questions about past competitions played this season; the winner of each round would select the next two HouseGuests to face off, with the last HouseGuest remaining being the winner. Michele was the winner. On Day 41, HouseGuests competed in the "Chaosserole" Have-Not competition. For this competition, HouseGuests competed in pairs and had to find matching casseroles and place them on a podium labeled with a certain day of the week or luxury prize; if the HouseGuests had put a correct pair on the podium, they would earn food for that day of the week. The HouseGuests earned food for everyday of the week except for Monday. Though the house was split, the HouseGuests were unsure of which side Michele would choose to stay with; she later aligned herself with Jeff, Jordan, and Russell, and stated she hoped to see Chima evicted. Later that day, Michele chose to nominate Chima and Natalie for eviction. Though she had often disregarded the rules for the show, Chima began to break rules more consistently following Jessie's eviction, including covering up cameras, refusing to go to the Diary Room, and not wearing her microphone. Early on Day 42, Chima broke further rules when she refused to wear her microphone and later threw it into the jacuzzi when Kevin brought her microphone to her. Following this, Chima refused to take an exchange microphone from the storage room. Following further refusal to enter the Diary Room, producer Allison Grodner later spoke through the intercom and convinced Chima to come to the Diary Room. Hours later, the remaining HouseGuests learned that Chima had been expelled from the game. On Day 43, the HouseGuests learned that Michele's duty as Head of Household had been fulfilled as Chima was one of Michele's nominations, and that a new Head of Household competition would take place later that day.
Following these events, HouseGuests competed in the "BB Invitational Golf Tournament" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests took turns putting a golf ball in an attempt to get it into a hole. If a HouseGuest missed, their ball went into a rotating wheel, with various numbers labeling sections in the wheel. The HouseGuest who's ball landed in the highest number each round was eliminated from the competition, with the last HouseGuest remaining winning the competition. When a HouseGuest was eliminated from the competition, they could claim a prize, one of which was the Head of Household position. Jordan was the winner. On Day 44, Jordan chose to nominate Lydia and Natalie for eviction. Shortly afterwards, Kevin, in an attempt to save himself and his allies, lied to Jeff and claimed that he had heard Russell stating he would evict Jeff the following week; Jeff quickly told this to Jordan, and the two believed him. When picking players for the Power of Veto competition, Jeff, Kevin, and Michele were selected to compete. On Day 47, HouseGuests competed live in the "Before or After" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests had to determine whether one event in the house happened before or after another event by stepping either up or down on a staircase; an incorrect answer resulted in elimination, and the last HouseGuest remaining was the winner. Jordan was the winner of the Power of Veto. Minutes later, she chose not to use the Power of Veto on either nominee. Lydia then became the sixth HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a vote of three to one. She became the second member of the Jury of Seven.
Following Lydia's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Can Do" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests stood atop a platform and attempted to drop aluminum cans into plastic tubes; the first HouseGuest to drop twenty-four cans into their tube would be the winner. Jeff was the winner. Due to having the least amount of cans in their tubes, Michele and Russell became the Have-Nots for the week. Due to the lie that Kevin had told Jeff, both Jeff and Jordan hoped to see Russell evicted. In an attempt to save themselves, Kevin and Natalie made a deal to get to the final four with Jeff and Jordan, and Jeff later told them he would nominate them as pawns in an attempt to backdoor Russell. On Day 48, Jeff chose to nominate Kevin and Natalie for eviction. Though Jeff continued to assure Michele and Russell that the plan was to evict Kevin, the two became suspicious that the plan was to backdoor one of them. On Day 49, HouseGuests competed in the "Otev the Ape" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were given a riddle by Otev the Ape and were required to search through various bananas in the backyard with the names of previously evicted HouseGuests on them to find the banana that would solve the riddle. The last HouseGuest to bring Otev the correct banana, or the HouseGuest who brought an incorrect banana, were eliminated each round. Jeff was the winner of the Power of Veto. On Day 51, Jeff chose to use the Power of Veto to remove Kevin from the block, with Russell being nominated in his place. Following his nomination, Russell engaged in numerous arguments with his fellow HouseGuests. On Day 54, Russell became the seventh HouseGuest to be evicted from the house in a unanimous vote of three to zero. He became the third member of the Jury of Seven.
Following Russell's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "The S'more, the Merrier" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were required to walk back and forth transferring cups of hot chocolate to a jar on the opposite side of the backyard. The first HouseGuest to fill up their jar and claim the ball inside would be the winner of the competition. Kevin was the winner. Despite making a deal with him the previous week, Kevin and Natalie later made a plan to backdoor Jeff as they saw him as their biggest threat. Though this was his plan, Kevin and Natalie also debated taking out Michele, and thus feared that Jeff could win the Power of Veto and save Jordan if she were to be nominated; should Jeff use the Power of Veto on Jordan, it would force Kevin to nominate Natalie for eviction. On Day 55, Kevin chose to nominate Jeff and Michele for eviction. Later that day, Kevin discovered a secret room in the Head of Household bedroom known as Pandora's Box; upon entering the room, he discovered a box and learned that placing his hand inside the box would release $10,000 into the house. He did so, and became locked inside the box while the money fell into the backyard; the HouseGuests were able to keep the money, and were required to find a key to unlock Kevin from the room. On Day 56, HouseGuests competed in the "Morphomatic" Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests had to correctly figure out which two faces of the HouseGuests made up a set of alien faces. The HouseGuest who finished the competition in the fastest amount of time was the winner. Michele was the winner of the Power of Veto. On Day 58, Michele chose to use the Power of Veto to remove herself from the block, with Jordan being nominated in her place. On Day 61, Jeff became the eighth HouseGuest to be evicted from the house when Kevin cast a tiebreaker vote in Jordan's favor. He became the fourth member of the Jury of Seven.
Following Jeff's eviction, HouseGuests competed in the "Fact or Fiction" Head of Household competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were given statements, and had to determine whether this statement was fact or fiction. Natalie was the winner. That night, HouseGuests competed in the "Big Brother Shopping Spree" luxury competition. For this competition, HouseGuests competed with a partner and were required to communicate with each other from across a wall in an attempt to find matching articles of clothing; the group had ten minutes to complete a full outfit, with whatever time they had left over being used to give the HouseGuests a shopping spree. On Day 62, Natalie was presented with Pandora's Box and learned that her boyfriend was inside, however, if she chose to enter and see him she would give up her right to compete in the final Power of Veto competition; she accepted the offer, and entered Pandora's Box. Despite this, she later lied to her fellow HouseGuests about what had happened. Later that day, Natalie chose to nominate Kevin and Michele for eviction. On Day 63, HouseGuests competed in the "There Ain't No Party Like A Veto Block Party" final Power of Veto competition. For this competition, HouseGuests were given twenty clues, lined up ten by ten and were required to match blocks with HouseGuests names on them with the clues provided; the HouseGuest to complete this in the fastest time would be the winner. Kevin was the winner of the final Power of Veto. On Day 66, Kevin chose to use the Power of Veto to remove himself from the block, with Jordan being nominated in his place. Minutes later, he cast the sole vote to evict Michele from the house. She became the fifth member of the Jury of Seven.
Following Michele's eviction, the final three HouseGuests began competing in the first part of the final Head of Household competition "Log Jam." The HouseGuests held onto their key that was suspended in the air for as long as possible while trying not to fall off of a moving log. Jordan was the first to fall off of the log while Kevin won the first part of the competition and advanced to the third and final round. Jordan and Natalie were the only two HouseGuests to compete in the second round which, determined who would face Kevin in the final round. In the second round, called "Heads Will Roll", each HouseGuest entered the backyard alone with a giant game table with the numbers one through ten. Each player used balls with names of previous Head of Household winners and place the ball with the correct name into the hole that corresponds with the numerical order in which they reigned. The player had a two-minute time limit and the player with the most correct answers won. Jordan was the winner. Kevin and Jordan competed in the final part of the Head of Household competition called "Jury Statements." The players had to guess the ending of statements made by the jury members. There were two possible answers and the players had to guess the correct ending by picking A or B. Jordan was the winner, becoming the final Head of Household of the season. Jordan chose to evict Kevin from the house, making Jordan and Natalie the Final Two. Jordan was later crowned the winner of "Big Brother 11" in a vote of five to two, with Chima's vote being replaced with a vote from the viewers.
Ratings and reception.
The season premiere of "Big Brother 11", which aired on CBS on July 9, attracted 6.68 million viewers, with a 2.3 rating in adults 18-49. The rating was the highest in its timeslot, with its nearest competition, a repeat of "Bones" on Fox bringing in 5.65 million viewers. The season premiere was even in adults 18-49 and adults 18-34 demographics, added 280,000 viewers and was up 5% in households when compared to the season premiere of "Big Brother 10". Ratings for the show entered into a steady decline after the premiere, the following Sunday episode that was transmitted on July 12 was down .39 million viewers and pulled a 2.0 rating in the adults 18-49.Repeats of The Simpsons and King of the Hill on Fox won the adults 18-34 demographic but placed second in all other measures. The program hit a season low in adults 18-49 when the first eviction on Thursday, July 16 posted a 1.9 in adults 18-49. The Sunday, July 19 episode attracted 5.57 million viewers a season low in terms of viewership. Beginning with the Tuesday, July 21 episode viewership started to gradually increase with the episode attracting 5.76 million viewers and a 2.0 rating in the adults 18-49 demographic. The second eviction which featured Laura Crosby being evicted from the House attracted 6.39 million viewers and a 2.1 rating in adults 18-49 and a 4.0 rating with a 8 share in households. The second eviciton was up 8% in households, 11% in adults 18-49 and 14% in total viewers for the week at the time it was the second highest rated episode of the season behind the season premiere.
The following Sunday episode that aired on July 26 experienced a minor drop in ratings attracting 6.08 million viewers and a 2.0 rating in adults 18-49. The Sunday episode was up 5% in adults 18-49, 6% in households and added 510,000 viewers (up 9%) from the previous week. The episode highlighting the expulsion of Chima Simone was the highest rated episode in the adults 18-49 demographic with a 3.0 rating and the third highest in viewers and total households with 7.98 million viewers and a 4.8 respectively. The Sunday highlight episode fell to second place in its timeslot for the first time on August 9 when NBC Sunday Night Football began airing on NBC. By August 20 ratings for the season were up 5% in overall viewers when compared to "Big Brother 10." For first time the Tuesday, September 8 highlight episode surpassed the 8 million viewer mark with 8.13 million viewers while following Sunday episode on September attracted 8.55 million viewers. The season finale dropped to 7.78 million viewers but was the second highest episode in the adults 18-49 demographic for the entire season. Overall "Big Brother 11" was up 7% in total viewers (7.19 million) when compared to "Big Brother 10", up 5% in adults 18-34, up 3% in adults 25-54 and even in adults 18-49. "Big Brother 11" delivered 100 million page views and 15.3 million videos on CBS.com and various affiliated sites by the end of the season. The viewing public placed more than 24 million votes during the season including over 11 million votes for the seventh jury vote.
Television ratings.
"Rating" is the estimated percentage of all televisions tuned to the show, and "share" is the percentage of all televisions "in use" that are tuned in. "Viewers" is the estimated number viewers that watched a program either while it was broadcast or watched via DVR on the same day the program was broadcast.
Comparison to British edition.
After two weeks into the season several news sites began to compare the American and British version of the show, which was six weeks into its series at the time. During the first several weeks ratings for both shows were declining. The launch of "Big Brother 2009" aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom premiered on June 4 attracted 4.8 million viewers, with a 22% viewing share. The show was down compared to the launch of "Big Brother 2008" but won its timeslot. Ratings continued to decline with the first official eviction of the series, that aired on June 12 only pulling in 2.9 million people, 13% of the viewing audience.
In an article by The Hollywood Reporter, an American trade publication, noted the tenth series of the British version was averaging 2 million viewers and a 10.1% audience share. At the time the show was six weeks into its run and was down 33% on its performance from the previous year and very down when compared to previous series in where some average 6 million viewers per episode. Mimi Turner, author of the article, noted the show was "running out of steam" and until the tenth series the show delivered significant youth audiences on air and online. Bill Gorman of TVByTheNumbers, an American television website, commented on the article by saying "Not sure if this is a glimpse of things to come for the US version of Big Brother or not."
Executives from Endemol, the production company for "Big Brother" worldwide, defended the format which is transmitted in 41 territories and noted the season premiere of the 11th season in America won its timeslot with year to year growth. Other comparisons noted was the finale of ninth season of "Grande Fratello" pulled 7.9 million viewers with a 36% audience share and how in Argentina the show has been rested for a few years and returns with stronger ratings. Paul Jonson, global head of marketing and brand partnerships for Endemol Group, noted that using audience averages to figure out how the show performs wouldn't work since the audience builds up until the finale. Jonson also noted that the series continued to rate very well when compared to the timeslot average for Channel 4.
After ratings for "Big Brother 11" in America began to increase Anna Pickard, for The Guardian in the United Kingdom, compared the two concurrent seasons noting the format differences between the American and British versions of the show calling the two "different beasts." Various points mentioned that contributed to the increase in ratings was the number of episodes per week, format differences, lack of live feeds from the House in Britain. In another article on the same site noted the American version experienced a "ratings renaissance" in a market "which the format has not traditionally done well." After the provisional cancellation of "Big Brother" in the United Kingdom, American trade publications like USA Today began reporting on the cancellation while others like Variety were also reporting various pickups around the world including the twelfth season of the American version, "Big Brother 10" in Germany, "Grande Fratello 10" in Italy and "HaAh HaGadol 2" in Israel.
Controversy.
During the first week of the program several HouseGuests made controversial remarks during several arguments on the live Internet feeds. Many homophobic comments made by Jeff during an argument with Russell after the first Power of Veto ceremony were edited out of the first Tuesday broadcast episode while the comments remained uncensored online.
Another HouseGuest, Braden, made several racist and derogatory comments after the first Power of Veto ceremony to fellow HouseGuests Kevin and Lydia in an argument. The argument was edited during the first live eviction show on Thursday but played unedited on the live feeds. During the live portion of the show, Chima brought up the comments made by Braden again during her final plea speech to her fellow HouseGuests. Chima also stated Braden used a sexually insulting word to describe "Big Brother" host Julie Chen. This comment was made at the conclusion of a "Julie Says" game played by the HouseGuests a couple nights earlier as viewed on "Big Brother After Dark".
The editing of the events in question during the broadcast episodes created controversy for the show and CBS, the broadcaster of "Big Brother". While the comments couldn't air due to FCC regulations the way the events were edited caused critics and fans of the show to claim the show was being edited to make the HouseGuests look good to the viewing public. One critic suggests the recent decline in ratings is due to the editing process of the show.
Chima revealed to her fellow HouseGuests on the live Internet feeds and on "Big Brother: After Dark" after the eviction that she was informed in the Diary Room by Big Brother, the producers, that her comments were censored during the live broadcast.
"I said, I don't think it's fair because I don't think they showed when it first was said, and I was like, 'If someone's a racist, they should be portrayed as one. You shouldn't edit it to make them look good.'"
CBS released a statement on July 17, 2009 regarding the censoring of the controversial statements saying the statements in question were offensive and did not meet the network's standards. CBS also stated that "any views or opinions expressed in personal commentary by a houseguest appearing on "Big Brother", either on any live feed from the house or the broadcast, are those of the individuals speaking and do not represent the views or opinions of CBS or the producers of the program." National Public Radio's pop culture correspondent Linda Holmes noted that CBS officially disavowing such statements while allowing them to continue amounts to a publicity grab for the show and for the network:
"This show is meant to get a good part of its attention from the difference between what you see online and what you see on the show. If it manages to cast a hard-charging racist whose work only appears online, it can seize all the attention of a scandal while claiming that it's tastefully trying to protect viewers from anything 'offensive.'"

</doc>
<doc id="19461349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461349" title="Head impact telemetry system">
Head impact telemetry system

Head Impact Telemetry System (HITS) is a software system originally designed to help detect potential concussion type collisions of American football players. The Head Impact Telemetry System was first developed by scientists at Virginia Tech and Dartmouth College in 2002. The Head Impact Telemetry System is the first of its kind that can measure the impacts of players in real game time. HITS is being used to have a better understanding of how concussions and other head injuries happen. A major advantage of the Head Impact Telemetry System is its ease of use. Lower-level program trainers can operate the system quickly, easily, and efficiently.
Function.
HITS is made up of six battery-powered sensors that are located within the padding of a football helmet. These sensors detect the magnitude, duration, location, and direction of up to as many as 100 football hits. The sensors send this information to a computer that records the data within 150 yards. The system is designed so that when a player's helmet experiences an impact of 10 G’s, the HITS sensors are activated and a signal is sent to a receiver connected to a laptop computer on the sideline. The impact is then registered on the screen along with a 3-D graphic of the human head to show where the player was hit.
Problems.
One of the drawbacks of the HITS is that it can not tell for certain if a player has sustained a concussion. It can only measure the impact and not the player’s reaction to the force of the blow. Since players react to different levels of impact in different ways the sensors sometimes give misleading information. Another problem of the Head Impact Telemetry System is the signal strength outdoors. Studies have shown that the environment can affect the signal strength resulting in longer download times and errors in transmission. Today there are only nine College Football teams using the system and the National Football League has not shown a great interest in implementing the technology for its players.
Other uses.
Impact technology is being developed in the National Football League to measure the force of a collision on the quarterback’s chest. The Head Impact Telemetry System is also being developed for use in other sports such as hockey, baseball, and soccer, and in the United States Military to measure the force of blasts to the head.

</doc>
<doc id="19461355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461355" title="List of power stations in New Zealand">
List of power stations in New Zealand

This is a list of power stations in New Zealand. 
The list is not exhaustive - only power stations over 0.5 MW and significant power stations below 0.5 MW are listed.
Geothermal power stations.
Under construction.
Source:
Hydroelectric power stations.
Source:
Fossil fuel power stations.
Source:
Wind farms.
Sources:
Proposed power stations.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19461367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461367" title="Montreux Document">
Montreux Document

The Montreux Document is agreement between signature countries obligations regarding private military and security companies in war zones. It was ratified in Montreux, Switzerland September 2008. The document lists some 70 recommendations for good state practices such as verifying companies track record, examining procedures used to vet staff, correct prosecution when breaches of law occur, and insure compliance and personnel training with international humanitarian and human rights law.

</doc>
<doc id="19461371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461371" title="Geoffrey Parsons (pianist)">
Geoffrey Parsons (pianist)

Geoffrey Penwill Parsons AO OBE (15 June 192926 January 1995) was an Australian pianist, most particularly notable as an accompanist to singers and instrumentalists. After the retirement of Gerald Moore, he was generally considered the world's finest and most sympathetic accompanist of lieder singers, "elevating the role of the accompanist to new heights with his musicality, authority and quiet strength of playing".
Biography.
Geoffrey Parsons was born in the Sydney suburb of Ashfield, to a working-class family. He had two older brothers and a large extended family. He originally intended to study architecture, but his love of music prevailed. He studied with Winifred Burston (a student of Ferruccio Busoni) at the NSW State Conservatorium of Music from 1941 to 1948, (where a family friend, George Vern Barnett, was on the piano staff) and under the general tutelage of Eugene Goossens. He won the ABC's Instrumental and Vocal Competition in 1947 with a performance of Brahms's Piano Concerto No. 2. He toured Australia with Essie Ackland in 1948, and in 1950 travelled to Britain to perform with bass baritone Peter Dawson. The six-concert tour completed, Parsons remained in London, earning a living initially as a cocktail lounge pianist. This led to an engagement with the popular duettists Anne Ziegler and Webster Booth, and permanent residence in Britain.
A performance of Schubert's "Winterreise" with Gerhard Hüsch in his first London concert since World War II led to Parsons being invited to Munich to be Hüsch's permanent accompanist, where they worked together almost daily. There he studied with Friedrich Wührer in 1956. In 1961, he made his first appearance with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf at the Royal Festival Hall at the invitation of Walter Legge, and later became her principal accompanist. The list of singers with whom he worked includes Dame Joan Hammond, Victoria de los Ángeles, Nicolai Gedda, Rita Streich, Birgit Nilsson, Hans Hotter, Hugues Cuénod, Norman Bailey, and Janet Baker.
Increasingly Parsons began to partner younger singers such as Thomas Hampson, Olaf Bär, Barbara Bonney, Thomas Allen, Jessye Norman and Bryn Terfel. Some of these younger artists such as Susan Kessler, Yvonne Kenny, Felicity Lott and Ann Murray were also pupils of Parsons's long-time life partner, the singer Erich Vietheer. 
Geoffrey Parsons also accompanied some of the world's greatest instrumentalists, including Nathan Milstein, Ruggiero Ricci, Paul Tortelier, Wanda Wiłkomirska and Ida Haendel. Artists whom he partnered quickly appreciated his exemplary standards of musicianship, and a level of pianistic command that was totally new to the accompanist's role. This led to his increasing recognition as the ideal accompanist in a career that saw him perform in over 40 countries in six continents, including all the major international music festivals. He also recorded widely throughout his career, leaving a vast output. He also partnered other pianists such as Leslie Howard, for example in works by Franz Liszt for two pianos, in which neither pianist is subordinate to the other. 
His partnership with Australia was an essential part of his entire career and he became the means for bringing some of the world’s most important singers and instrumentalists to his native country. He toured Australia 31 times between 1957 and 1993. 
In 1967 and 1969, he appeared as one of five harpsichordists, the others being Eileen Joyce, Simon Preston, George Malcolm (1967), and Raymond Leppard (1969), in concerts with the Academy of St Martin in the Fields under Neville Marriner. In 1969, he appeared with Eileen Joyce in a two-piano recital at Australia House, London.
In 1973 he accompanied Birgit Nilsson in the first lieder recital at the Sydney Opera House. He also accompanied Wanda Wiłkomirska in the first violin and piano recital in that venue. During his returns to Australia, he conducted several masterclasses at his alma mater, now the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. 
On 29 November 1981, he again appeared with Eileen Joyce, in a fund-raising concert at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. Although not intended as such, this proved to be the last time Eileen Joyce ever played in public.
His last performance in Australia was with Olaf Bär in "Winterreise" in the University of Melbourne’s Melba Hall in 1993.
He was the Prince Consort Professor of Piano at the Royal College of Music and was named a Fellow of the College (FRCM) in 1987.
He became an honorary member of the Royal Academy of Music in 1975, and the Guildhall School of Music in 1983. He was named the Royal Philharmonic Society’s Instrumentalist of the Year in 1992.
He was appointed an Officer (OBE) of the Order of the British Empire in 1977 and an Officer (AO) of the Order of Australia in 1990.
Geoffrey Parsons shared his life and his home with the singer and teacher Erich Vietheer, who died around 2003 (there was an Eric Vietheer Memorial Concert on 9 November of that year). Parsons lived his life as a Christian, committed to the Church of England. His untimely and painful death was caused by cancer, however he continued his career for as long as possible. On his retirement he was given his own gala concert at the Metropolitan Opera, New York. He died in London, survived by his two elder brothers.
His portrait, by Michael Shannon, hangs in the National Portrait Gallery in Old Parliament House, Canberra. His photographic portrait by Max Dupain is held by the National Archives of Australia.
Geoffrey Parsons Award.
In 1995, following Parsons’ death, the Geoffrey Parsons Award was named in his memory by the Accompanists' Guild of South Australia, of which Parsons was the founding international patron. The award is one of the few Australian prizes to celebrate and encourage the profession of piano accompaniment. The Geoffrey Parsons Award is an annual prize, originally with a cash-pool of $2,500. To mark the 25th anniversary of the Guild, in 2008 this was increased to $6,000.
In recent years, the prize has received the support of the Elder Conservatorium, University of Adelaide, which has given the prize an added level of prestige and public profile. In presenting the Geoffrey Parsons Award the Accompanists’ Guild continues to raise the public’s awareness of the importance of the skills of the professional accompanist and has assisted many emerging accompanists to establish their professional careers.
Geoffrey Parsons Memorial Trust.
The Geoffrey Parsons Memorial Trust exists to encourage the art of the accompanist amongst young pianists. On Australia Day 2005, the tenth anniversary of Geoffrey Parsons' death, the Trust presented the Geoffrey Parsons 10th Anniversary Memorial Concert at London’s Wigmore Hall. Yvonne Kenny, Sir Thomas Allen, and Graham Johnson all provided their services free of charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19461391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461391" title="Ramiro Bruschi">
Ramiro Bruschi

Ramiro Washington Bruschi (born September, 1981 in Tacuarembó) is a Uruguayan football forward who plays for CD Olimpia in the Liga Nacional de Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="19461398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461398" title="Diego Calderón">
Diego Calderón

Diego Armando Calderón Espinoza (born October 26, 1986 in Quito) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for the LDU Quito. He was part of the squad who won the 2008 Copa Libertadores.
Club career.
Calderón participated in LDU Quito's campaign in the Copa Libertadores 2008. He made great defensive displays against many of Liga's opponents. However, he sustained an injury during the Round of 16 and was replaced by Renán Calle for the rest of the tournament. His team became the first Ecuadorian team to win the Copa Libertadores.
Calderón again became a regular starter during Liga's campaign in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup. He played both games against Pachuca and Manchester United. Although Liga was able to defeat Pachuca 2-0 in the semifinals, they lost the final to Manchester United, 1-0. He and the rest of his team had a good, solid performance throughout the tournament. He was loaned to the Colorado Rapids in advance of the 2013 season, although he missed much of the season following knee surgery.
Honors.
LDU Quito
Deportivo Azogues

</doc>
<doc id="19461453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461453" title="Stars Kill Rock">
Stars Kill Rock

Stars Kill Rock is a 1993 album by various artists and was released on the Kill Rock Stars label.

</doc>
<doc id="19461484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461484" title="Changshi">
Changshi

Changshi was one of the last effective khans (r.1335-1338) of the Chagatai Khanate. His father was prince Ebugen who was the son of Duwa, the Chagatai Khan. 
Western sources claimed that he was anti-Muslim and quite tolerant toward Christians. Before his succession, Changshi sent the Yuan Great Khan Tugh Temur 170 Russian prisoners. However, he was probably Nestorian. He was given a pecuniary reward from the court of Yuan Dynasty. He overthrew Muslim princes from the power of the ulus in 1334–1335. But he was murdered by his family in 1338 after a short period of his reign.

</doc>
<doc id="19461506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461506" title="Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1882–1886">
Members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly, 1882–1886

This is a list of members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly between the May 1882 elections and the 26 July 1886 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19461558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461558" title="Heritage fleet (disambiguation)">
Heritage fleet (disambiguation)

A "Heritage Fleet" is a collection of historic vehicles or vessels.
Heritage Fleet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19461622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461622" title="Ali Riley">
Ali Riley

Alexandra "Ali" Lowe Riley (born 30 October 1987) is an American-born New Zealand association football player who is currently a member of the FC Rosengård in Damallsvenskan. Riley is a member of the New Zealand women's national football team. She captained the Stanford soccer team to two NCAA semi-finals and one final.
Early life.
Born in Los Angeles, California to parents John Graham Riley and Beverly Fong Lowe, Ali attended Harvard-Westlake School in North Hollywood, California. She was named captain of the soccer team during her senior season and was a two-time Mission League Offensive MVP as well as a two-time first-team San Fernando Valley selection. As a senior, she helped lead the Wolverines to the 2006 Southern Section Division I final and was named to the All-CIF Southern Section Division I first team. Riley also competed for local soccer clubs, the Westside Breakers Soccer Club and SoCal United.
Stanford University.
Riley attended Stanford University and played for the Stanford Cardinal from 2006 to 2009. During her freshman year, she started in fifteen of the eighteen matches she played. She played forward and made four goals with two assists. As a sophomore, she played sixteen games and started in fourteen of them. She scored two goals and had two assists. During her junior year, Riley converted from her position at forward to an outside back, which is what she plays for the New Zealand National Team. As a senior, Riley started in each of the twenty-four games and scored one goal with one assist.
Playing career.
Club.
FC Gold Pride.
In January 2010, Riley was selected as the tenth pick in the first round of the 2010 WPS Draft by FC Gold Pride. While she plays on her natural right wing-back position for the NZ Women's National Team, she plays professionally as a left wing-back and had three assists in the 2010 run to the WPS championship by FC Gold Pride. Riley won the WPS Rookie of the Year award.
Western New York Flash.
Riley signed for Western New York Flash for the 2011 season becoming a free agent after FC Gold Pride failed to find financial backers.
In the 2011 season Riley was a finalist for Defender of the year as the Flash swept both the league season title and then won the 2011 WPS Championship.
In 2012, Riley resigned with Western New York Flash for the 2012 season, however, the league folded before play began.
LdB FC Malmö.
With the suspension of the WPS, she signed in 2012 with LdB FC Malmö, 2011 Swedish League Champions. In her first game, (the Supercuppen) she assisted on the winning goal. She played her first full season in the Damallsvenskan in 2013. With LdB FC Malmö finishing top of the table she earned her third league championship.
In September 2013 Riley resigned with LdB FC Malmö for the 2014-15 seasons.
International.
Riley represented New Zealand at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals. She was named Player of the game v. Russia. She made her Football Ferns debut in a 0–5 loss to Australia on 6 February 2007, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0–5, Denmark (0–2) and China (0–2).
Riley also played every minute for the New Zealand squad in the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2–2) before losing to Norway(0–1) and the United States (0–4).
Riley's first international goal was scored in the final of the OFC Women’s Nations Cup as New Zealand qualified for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup with an 11-0 win over Papua New Guinea.
On 27 June 2011 Riley earned her 50th A-international cap in a 2-1 loss to Japan in New Zealand's opening group stage match at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup. In the final seconds of extra time in the match v. Mexico she assisted on the tying goal that gave the Football Ferns their first point in a World Cup final.
In the 2012 Olympics Riley played every minute of the Football Ferns' four games. In the preliminary round games the Ferns lost 0-1 to Great Britain and Brazil and beat Cameroon 3-1. This was the first victory by a NZ football team in the Olympics. With the victory the Ferns advanced to the second round based on goal differential. In the quarter-final the Ferns played the USA losing 0-2.
In 2013 Riley started for New Zealand in a series of games establishing the Football Ferns as a growing force in international competition. The Ferns won the Vallais Cup beating #4 Brazil 1-0 and #16 China 4-0 and also had ties playing #10 Australia, #3 Japan and #1 USA.
Honours.
NEW ZEALAND NATIONAL TEAM HONOURS 
UNIVERSITY SOCCER HONORS
2009 
2010 
WOMEN'S PROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL HONORS
2010 WPS (WOMEN'S PROFESSIONAL SOCCER) 
WPS Award announcement
The left defender started 23 games for regular season champions FC Gold Pride this season and had three assists. Her solid defensive play helped FC Gold Pride lead the league in team defence with just 19 goals allowed, while her consistently aggressive runs up the left flank and dangerous crosses created opportunities and space for FC Gold Pride’s forwards throughout the season.
2011 WPS 
2013 DAMALLSVENSKAN (Swedish League)

</doc>
<doc id="19461638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461638" title="Big Brother 11">
Big Brother 11

Big Brother 11 is the eleventh season of various versions of "Big Brother" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19461643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461643" title="Screw press">
Screw press

A screw press is a type of machine press in which the ram is driven up and down by a screw. The screw shaft can be driven by a handle or a wheel. It works by using a coarse screw to convert the rotation of the handle or drive-wheel into a small downward movement of greater force. The overhead handle usually incorporates balls as flyweights. The weights helps to maintain the momentum and thrust of the tool to make it easier to operate. 
The screw press was first invented and used by the Romans in the first century C.E. It was used primarily in wine and olive oil production. The screwpress was also used in Gutenberg's printing press in the mid-15th century.
A press is a metalworking machine tool used to shape or cut metal by deforming it with a die. It is frequently used to punch holes in sheet metal in one operation, rather than by cutting the hole or drilling. 
If used as a punch, the tool itself consists of a punch and a matching die, into which it very closely fits. Both are usually precision machined and then hardened. The material is introduced between the punch and die, and the machine operated. The punch will cut through the material in one movement by shearing it. The punch and die may be of any desired shape, so odd shaped holes and cutouts may be created.
If used as a forging tool the dies can be many different shapes varying from flat to various shapes that will mold the metal to the desired configuration.
Fly press.
A "fly press" is a type of screw press in which the screw shaft is driven by a flywheel or a pair of "fly" weights at the ends of a bar. The wheel can either be cranked by hand or driven by a motor using a friction coupling. The wheel is weighted so its momentum will maintain the motion of the shaft.

</doc>
<doc id="19461707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461707" title="VX-20">
VX-20

VX-20, Air Test and Evaluation Squadron Twenty, ("AIRTEVRON TWO ZERO") is a United States Navy air test and evaluation squadron based at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland.
Operations.
VX-20 operates a variety of Naval aircraft for testing and evaluation of new technologies, including variants of the Northrop Grumman E-2 Hawkeye, Boeing E-6 Mercury, Lockheed P-3 Orion, Grumman C-2 Greyhound, Lockheed C-130 Hercules, C-12 Huron, and Beechcraft T-6 Texan II. VX-20's Lockheed Martin KC-130J Super Hercules tanker was used for flight tests of the Harvest HAWK weapon systems used to arm the tanker aircraft. Since 2010, VX-20 has been operating flight test models of the Boeing P-8A Poseidon maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft.
Mission statement.
The official VX-20 mission statement reads, "We provide trained people, test ready aircraft, and access to state of the art facilities necessary for the development of cutting edge technology to support the War fighting needs of the operating forces."
History.
Air Test and Evaluation Squadron Twenty can trace its roots all the way to the founding of the Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland. Recognizing the need for consolidation of the Navy's flight test efforts, NAS Patuxent River was established on April 1, 1943, due to its proximity to the coast, freedom from air traffic congestion, and isolation for testing of classified projects. On June 16, 1945, the Navy officially designated the Naval Air Test Center.
In April, 1975, after 30 years of operations at Patuxent River, the Flight Test Division, Weapons Test Division, Service Test Division, and U.S. Naval Test Pilot School reorganized under the Naval Air Test Center into the Antisubmarine Aircraft Test Directorate, Strike Aircraft Test Directorate, Rotary Aircraft Test Directorate, and Naval Test Pilot School.
Under the command of Officer-in-Charge Captain John A. Dunaway, Antisubmarine Aircraft Test Directorate was tasked to support the fleet through the flight test and evaluation of aircraft systems for the VP, VS, VAW, VRC, VQ (TACAMO), VQ (ELINT/SIGINT), VR, and VT squadrons. 
In order to more closely identify itself with the communities to which it was responsible, the directorate was renamed Force Warfare Aircraft Test Directorate in June 1986. In May 1995, the organization officially became a squadron and was renamed Naval Force Aircraft Test Squadron under the command of Captain Stuart A. Ashton. In order to more closely align itself with the squadrons it serves, in May 2002, under the command of Captain Steven R. Eastburg, the squadron was redesignated Air Test and Evaluation Squadron Twenty. Now a combined USN / USMC organization, the squadron has also assumed responsibility for test and evaluation of Marine Corps VMGR aircraft and follow-on Navy VP and VR aircraft. 
The squadron is currently under the command of Commander Jason L. Rider.
External links.
VX-20 Facebook Page

</doc>
<doc id="19461735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461735" title="Day of the Outlaw">
Day of the Outlaw

Day of the Outlaw is a 1959 Western film starring Robert Ryan, Burl Ives, and Tina Louise. It was directed by André De Toth; this was his last Western feature film. 
Plot.
Blaise Starrett (Robert Ryan) is a ruthless cattleman at odds with homesteaders in a small, bleak western town in Wyoming called Bitters. A feud develops between Starrett and a local farmer Hal Crane. The farmer's wife Helen (Tina Louise) offers to renew a love affair with Starrett if he promises not to kill Hal.
The feud is about to come to a bloody end when Jack Bruhn (Burl Ives), and his band of thugs ride into town. They are on the run from the law after robbing a bank. He is a wounded outlaw, a former cavalry officer but that doesn't stop him and his gang holding the town's civilians hostage. Starrett must now find a way to save his town, and redeem himself in the process. He does so by helping the bad guys escape, or so they think, across the snow-covered mountains.
Production.
The film was based on a 1955 novel of the same title by Lee Edwin Wells (1907-1982), that also ran in several newspapers as a serialized story in the fall of 1955 and others in the late summer 1956. Producer Buddy Adler originally purchased the film rights as a vehicle for Robert Wagner. Philip Yordan read the novel and insisted on writing a script based on the book. 
Filmed in central Oregon at Dutchman Flat and Todd Lake Meadows near the town of Bend in late November and early December 1958, with Leon Chooluck the unit director doing many of the long exterior shots.</ref> Russell Harlan's stark black & white cinematography captures the bleakness of the North American winter on location near Mount Bachelor, Oregon. 
Hungarian director Andre De Toth also created several terrific scenes, especially the Saturday night "dance" (where the women desperately try to fight off the outlaws’ loutish advances) and the extended final sequence in the which they flee across the mountains.
Yordan called the script "one of the best I've ever written," but said the problem with the film was that the budget, at $400,000, was not big enough. Yordan told author Franklin Jarlett, in his biographical book about Robert Ryan, that De Toth was having personal problems at the time of filming and it was apparent on the set. Other problems included; Ryan was out with a week with pneumonia, snowstorms caused delays in filming, De Toth changed his mind about where some scenes were to be shot (from interior to remote exteriors), and then they ran out of money and just packed up and went back to Hollywood. Yordan lamented what 'could have been.'
Reception.
"Day of the Outlaw" received poor reviews when it was released in 1959. However it is now considered to be an unusual western with a good story and fine acting with scenes that maximize the coldness of the temperatures on screen. 
Roger Horrocks, in his book "Male Myths and Icons", says that the film is a 'gold nugget' and on par with Budd Boetticher.

</doc>
<doc id="19461749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461749" title="Paddy Maguire (boxer)">
Paddy Maguire (boxer)

Paddy Maguire (26 September 1948) is a former bantamweight boxer. He was a Commonwealth Games silver medal winner and one-time holder of the BBBC bantamweight title.
Amateur career.
Maguire, who was born in Belfast, represented Northern Ireland at the 1966 Commonwealth Games. At the games he won a silver medal in the bantamweight division.
Professional career highlights.
Maguire's first professional fight was on 4 March 1969 when he fought Bernard Nicholls and won on points. 
His first title fight was on 20 February 1973, at the Royal Albert Hall. He was fighting for the British bantamweight title, his opponent was Johnny Clark. Maguire lost on points.
Maguire's second attempt at the bantamweight title was on 10 December 1974, at Nottingham ice rink. His opponent was Dave Needham, Maguire again lost on points.
On 20 October 1975 Maguire's third attempt to win the British bantamweight title was successful. This time he beat Dave Needham, winning by a technical knockout in the 14th round.
Maguire had two unsuccessful attempts to win the European Boxing Union (EBU) bantamweight title.<br>His first attempt took place at Cluses, France on 16 January 1976. His opponent was Daniel Trioulaire, the fight was a draw.<br>The second attempt took place at Cagliari, Sardinia on 28 September 1977. His opponent was Franco Zurlo, Maguire lost on a technical knockout in the 8th round.
Maguire lost his British bantamweight title on 29 November 1977, at the National Sporting Club, Piccadilly. His opponent was relative newcomer Johnny Owen, Maguire lost on a technical knockout in the 11th round. This was to be Maguire's last fight.
Paddy now lives in West Belfast with wife Patricia, they have 7 daughters and 3 sons.
Retirement.
Maguire retired from professional boxing in 1977 aged 29. He is still involved in the sport and is currently serving as a Council Member on the Northern Ireland Area Council of the British Boxing Board of Control
Conservative politician Colin Moynihan is recorded in Hansard as having once sparred with the retired Maguire at the Thomas A Becket public house on London's Old Kent Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19461769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461769" title="Shikaripalya">
Shikaripalya

Shikaripalya is one of the locality in Electronics City at Bangalore, the capital of the Indian state of Karnataka. It is located near Wipro Technologies in Electronics City. There are 4 mosques located in this area. Most of the people here used to speak Hindi, Kannada, and Urdu.
[http://wikimapia.org/4026396/shikari-palya-mosque]
Shikariplya is near by NEOTOWN- Bangalore is a 120 acre integrated township comprising three residential precincts, a business precincts, a tech icon precinct, hospitality and leisure precinct and an educational precincts. It has a beautiful natural lake within the township and is very conveniently located in electronic city.
The other Important layout near by Shikariplya is Upkar Medows, Celebrity-Layout

</doc>
<doc id="19461794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461794" title="Porosity">
Porosity

Porosity or void fraction is a measure of the void (i.e., "empty") spaces in a material, and is a fraction of the volume of voids over the total volume, between 0 and 1, or as a percentage between 0 and 100%. There are many ways to test porosity in a substance or part, such as industrial CT scanning. The term porosity is used in multiple fields including pharmaceutics, ceramics, metallurgy, materials, manufacturing, earth sciences, soil mechanics and engineering.
Void fraction in two-phase flow.
In gas-liquid two-phase flow, the void fraction is defined as the fraction of the flow-channel volume that is occupied by the gas phase or, alternatively, as the fraction of the cross-sectional area of the channel that is occupied by the gas phase. Void fraction usually varies from location to location in the flow channel (depending on the two-phase flow pattern). It fluctuates with time and its value is usually time averaged. In separated (i.e., non-homogeneous) flow, it is related to volumetric flow rates of the gas and the liquid phase, and to the ratio of the velocity of the two phases (called "slip ratio").
Porosity in earth sciences and construction.
Used in geology, hydrogeology, soil science, and building science, the porosity of a porous medium (such as rock or sediment) describes the fraction of void space in the material, where the void may contain, for example, air or water. It is defined by the ratio:
where "V"V is the volume of void-space (such as fluids) and "V"T is the total or bulk volume of material, including the solid and void components. Both the mathematical symbols formula_2 and formula_3 are used to denote porosity.
Porosity is a fraction between 0 and 1, typically ranging from less than 0.01 for solid granite to more than 0.5 for peat and clay. It may also be represented in percent terms by multiplying the fraction by 100.
The porosity of a rock, or sedimentary layer, is an important consideration when attempting to evaluate the potential volume of water or hydrocarbons it may contain. Sedimentary porosity is a complicated function of many factors, including but not limited to: rate of burial, depth of burial, the nature of the connate fluids, the nature of overlying sediments (which may impede fluid expulsion). One commonly used relationship between porosity and depth is given by the Athy (1930) equation:
where formula_5 is the surface porosity, formula_6 is the compaction coefficient (m−1) and formula_7 is depth (m).
A value for porosity can alternatively be calculated from the bulk density formula_8 and particle density formula_9:
Normal particle density is assumed to be approximately 2.65 g/cm3, although a better estimation can be obtained by examining the lithology of the particles.
Porosity and hydraulic conductivity.
Porosity can be proportional to hydraulic conductivity; for two similar sandy aquifers, the one with a higher porosity will typically have a higher hydraulic conductivity (more open area for the flow of water), but there are many complications to this relationship. The principal complication is that there is not a direct proportionality between porosity and hydraulic conductivity but rather an inferred proportionality. There is a clear proportionality between pore throat radii and hydraulic conductivity. Also, there tends to be a proportionality between pore throat radii and pore volume. If the proportionality between pore throat radii and porosity exists then a proportionality between porosity and hydraulic conductivity may exist. However, as grain size or sorting decreases the proportionality between pore throat radii and porosity begins to fail and therefore so does the proportionality between porosity and hydraulic conductivity. For example: clays typically have very low hydraulic conductivity (due to their small pore throat radii) but also have very high porosities (due to the structured nature of clay minerals), which means clays can hold a large volume of water per volume of bulk material, but they do not release water rapidly and therefore have low hydraulic conductivity.
Sorting and porosity.
Well sorted (grains of approximately all one size) materials have higher porosity than similarly sized poorly sorted materials (where smaller particles fill the gaps between larger particles). The graphic illustrates how some smaller grains can effectively fill the pores (where all water flow takes place), drastically reducing porosity and hydraulic conductivity, while only being a small fraction of the total volume of the material. For tables of common porosity values for earth materials, see the "further reading" section in the Hydrogeology article.
Porosity of rocks.
Consolidated rocks (e.g. sandstone, shale, granite or limestone) potentially have more complex "dual" porosities, as compared with alluvial sediment. This can be split into connected and unconnected porosity. Connected porosity is more easily measured through the volume of gas or liquid that can flow into the rock, whereas fluids cannot access unconnected pores.
Porosity is the ratio of pore volume to its total volume. Porosity is controlled by: rock type, grain size, pore distribution, cementation, diagenetic history and composition. Rocks normally decrease in porosity with age and depth of burial. Tertiary age Gulf Coast sandstones are in general more porous than Cambrian age sandstones. There are exceptions to this rule, usually because of the depth of burial and thermal history.
Porosity of soil.
Porosity of surface soil typically decreases as particle size increases. This is due to soil aggregate formation in finer textured surface soils when subject to soil biological processes. Aggregation involves particulate adhesion and higher resistance to compaction. Typical bulk density of sandy soil is between 1.5 and 1.7 g/cm3. This calculates to a porosity between 0.43 and 0.36. Typical bulk density of clay soil is between 1.1 and 1.3 g/cm3. This calculates to a porosity between 0.58 and 0.51. This seems counterintuitive because clay soils are termed "heavy", implying "lower" porosity. Heavy apparently refers to a gravitational moisture content effect in combination with terminology that harkens back to the relative force required to pull a tillage implement through the clayey soil at field moisture content as compared to sand.
Porosity of subsurface soil is lower than in surface soil due to compaction by gravity. Porosity of 0.20 is considered normal for unsorted gravel size material at depths below the biomantle. Porosity in finer material below the aggregating influence of pedogenesis can be expected to approximate this value.
Soil porosity is complex. Traditional models regard porosity as continuous. This fails to account for anomalous features and produces only approximate results. Furthermore it cannot help model the influence of environmental factors which affect pore geometry. A number of more complex models have been proposed, including fractals, bubble theory, cracking theory, Boolean grain process, packed sphere, and numerous other models. See also Characterisation of pore space in soil.
Porosity of fabric or aerodynamic porosity.
The ratio of holes to solid that the wind "sees". Aerodynamic porosity is less than visual porosity, by an amount that depends on the constriction of holes.
Measuring porosity.
Several methods can be employed to measure porosity:
where

</doc>
<doc id="19461826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461826" title="Heritage fleet">
Heritage fleet

A Heritage Fleet is a collection of historic vehicles or vessels, representing a record of transport heritage. It may comprise to maritime vessels, aircraft, or other road or rail vehicles.
Heritage fleets may be retained by private collectors, museums, or the companies that originally operated the vehicles, passing them to the heritage fleet on retirement. The vehicles in heritage fleets may undergoe vehicle restoration to various degrees to bring them back to their past operating condition, after which they may then be exhibited as show vehicles, or used as vehicles for hire.
The name "Heritage Fleet" may also be applied by a transport operator or company as a less derogatory term for elderly vehicles still in use that may be considerably older than other in service vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="19461868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461868" title="Juan Cano de Saavedra">
Juan Cano de Saavedra

Don Juan Cano de Saavedra (ca. 1502–1572) was a Spanish conquistador from Cáceres in Extremadura.
At age 18, Cano travelled to the New World and took part in Pánfilo de Narváez's expedition against Hernán Cortés. Cano subsequently fought for Cortés after Narváez's defeat.
In 1532 Cano married Isabel de Moctezuma (Tecuichpotzin), principal heir of Moctezuma II, becoming her third Spanish husband. The couple had five children: Pedro, Gonzalo, Juan, Isabel, and Catalina. Both daughters became nuns.
Cano died in Seville in September 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="19461890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461890" title="Juan Cano">
Juan Cano

Juan Cano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19461897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461897" title="Seva (short story)">
Seva (short story)

"Seva: A History of the First American Invasion of the Island of Puerto Rico in May 1898" is a short story written by Puerto Rican author Luis López Nieves. First published in the newspaper "Claridad" on December 23, 1983, the story gives a fictionalized account of the 1898 U.S. invasion of Puerto Rico.
"Seva" tells the story of Dr. Victor Cabañas, a contemporary historian who uncovers evidence of the destruction of the town of Seva by American forces during the Spanish-American War. Cabañas learns that, before the July landings of U.S. troops at Guánica, General Nelson A. Miles had attempted to invade Seva, on Puerto Rico's east coast. The residents of Seva fought back, causing heavy casualties among the Americans and prompting General Miles, ashamed and enraged, to bomb the town continuously for three months. After his troops' successful Guánica-based invasion, Miles ordered Seva's remaining residents killed, the city's ruins paved over with Roosevelt Roads Naval Station, and the area's name changed to Ceiba. Only one person, a boy named Ignacio Martínez, survived the slaughter. Cabañas collects evidence of these events, including a taped interview with Martínez, now an adult. The story, narrated by López Nieves himself, is framed as an exposé of Cabañas' findings.
López Nieves mixed fact and fiction throughout the story. The town of Seva and the main character, Dr. Victor Cabañas, are both entirely fictional. General Nelson Miles was the leader of U.S. forces during the invasion, but the invasion began in June from the south, not in May from the east. Upon its publication, readers who mistook the story for truth demanded that the government investigate the events and that Dr. Cabañas be located. The newspaper "Claridad" had to issue press releases confirming that the story was fictional.

</doc>
<doc id="19461901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461901" title="Anthony D'Andrea">
Anthony D'Andrea

Anthony D'Andrea (June 7, 1872 – May 11, 1921) was the Mafia boss of Chicago in the late 1910s to early 1920s. He was also a political leader who was a president of the Unione Siciliana and was involved in a heated battle for alderman. He was killed by an assassin's bullet in 1921.
Early life.
Born Antonio D'Andrea in Valledolmo, Sicily, in 1872 to a large family, he studied law at the University of Palermo in Palermo, Sicily. In 1897, D'Andrea immigrated to the United States, briefly settling in Buffalo, New York. He later attended seminary at St. Mary's Academy in Baltimore and St. Bonaventura's Academy in Allegheny, Pennsylvania. In June, 1899, D'Andrea moved to Chicago, where he was ordained a priest and appointed pastor of St. Anthony's Italian (Independent) Catholic Church under Bishop Anton Kozlowski. His brother Orazio (Horace) also became a priest.
In Chicago, D'Andrea met a young German woman, Lena Wagner. D'Andrea fell in love with Lena, left the priesthood, and married her in Milwaukee. However, after their marriage, Lena suddenly disappeared. D'Andrea suspected that the people who sheltered Lena after her parents' deaths were holding her. With help from the police, D'Andrea and Lena were reunited. Now that he was no longer a priest, D'Andrea decided to become a teacher of modern languages. Interestingly, his brother Louis also left the priesthood and married.
The middle years.
D'Andrea, because of his education, assisted other Italian immigrants with legal issues and worked as a professional translator. At some point, D'Andrea became involved with the Mafia, either in Sicily or the United States. While it is not known if there have been members of the clergy who were also Mafiosi in America, it has been known to occur in Sicily. In 1902, soon after his marriage, D'Andrea was arrested as the leader of a counterfeiting gang. After his arrest, D'Andrea initially blamed Lena for the crime. While awaiting trial, some authorities forgot that D'Andrea was in custody in Chicago and thought he had been murdered in New York City in the 1903 barrel murders. D'Andrea was convicted in Chicago and sent to Joliet State Prison. His family and supporters started a letter-writing campaign to the federal government for his release. After 13 months in prison, D'Andrea was released. D'Andrea continued to work as a translator while also increasing his power within the Mafia.
Later years.
In 1911. D'Andrea co-owned a company with Martin Merlo, a brother of close associate Mike Merlo, at 20 East 31st Street in Chicago. That same year Joseph D'Andrea (no relation to Anthony) was elected president of Local 286 of the International Hod Carriers' Building and Construction Union. Joseph appointed Anthony as the local treasurer and business agent. Joseph, a friend and associate of South Side Gang boss James Colosimo, allegedly introduced labor racketeering into his union. On September 16, 1914, a man walked up to Joseph and said, "I know you." As Joseph reached out to shake the stranger's hand, the man shot Joseph in the leg (other reports say the stomach) with a double-barreled shotgun. Joseph died shortly thereafter and Anthony became the new local president.
It was also around this time that he became the Mafia boss of Chicago, following the murder of the previous leader. At one point, several young men committed certain crimes without D'Andrea's permission, and he ordered their deaths. One of them, identified only as Paolinello, sought refuge in Pittsburgh with Mafia boss Nicola Gentile. Gentile persuaded D'Andrea to allow Paolinello to join the Pittsburgh crime family. Gentile would later describe D'Andrea as a terrible and fearful man. 
In 1916, D'Andrea ran for the office of alderman in the so-called "Bloody Nineteenth" ward of Chicago. The Nineteenth ward, home to many Italian immigrants, suffered from a very high homicide rate, due to a large number of "honor killings" and Black Hand murders. D'Andrea's opponent was a man called James Bowler. Before election day, D'Andrea dropped out of the race because the "Chicago Tribune" and other local newspapers had exposed his criminal past.
In 1919, D'Andrea became president of the Chicago head chapter of the Unione Siciliana, a charitable organization dedicated to helping poor Sicilian immigrants. However, D'Andrea used the Union as another means to increase his political base. He also ran for ward committeeman in the 19th. After he was elected, the Illinois Supreme Court negated the election and D'Andrea lost the support of John Powers, one of the ward's aldermen. D'Andrea then decided to run again for alderman against Powers. Powers was an Irish saloon-keeper who had been alderman since 1888. He was popular with the Italian community, and this led to the so-called Aldermen's Wars. Murders and bombings became political weapons. The violence reached such a point that D'Andrea condemned it and dropped out of the race. On May 11, 1921. D'Andrea was shot and killed while entering his apartment. 
Mike Merlo, who was vacationing in Italy when he heard the news, immediately ordered the assassin's murder. After his return to Chicago, Merlo became the Mafia boss and Unione Siciliana president. D'Andrea's nephew, Philip D'Andrea, later became a member of (the Chicago Outfit) under boss Al Capone.

</doc>
<doc id="19461965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19461965" title="Simone Carmichael">
Simone Carmichael

Simone Carmichael (née Ferrara) (born 7 June 1977) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Carmichael made her Football Ferns debut in a 1-2 loss to Canada on 31 May 2000, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).

</doc>
<doc id="19462048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462048" title="Paul Phillips (songwriter/singer)">
Paul Phillips (songwriter/singer)

Paul Phillips is an English singer-songwriter, journalist at "Music Week", and a former A&R man and record producer at CBS Records.
Biography.
Career.
Paul began songwriting at age 14 and performed in a band in his hometown of Wolverhampton. This was at a time when even leading acts such as The N'Betweens (later Slade) were doing strictly cover versions. While at CBS Records, he met American musician Pete Zorn, signed to the label with the trio Fishbaugh, Fishbaugh and Zorn. The two hit it off and from then, Zorn was on almost every session where Phillips was producer. They also started demoing their own songs. Phillips trekked around London record companies for nearly three years until he finally landed a deal for him and Zorn with Logo Records, home of The Tourists (later Eurythmics) and Streetband (lead singer, Paul Young).
While arrangements were being made for their debut album, Phliips played Logo's md a demo he had made of a novelty song called "Car 67", written during idle moments in a three month stint as what he has called "possibly the worst cab driver London has ever known". Logo immediately wanted the song as a single. Recorded for £850 and released in late 1978, it went on to sell nearly half a million copies, peaking at number seven in the UK Singles Chart. In its biggest week, orders were coming in for 20,000 copies a day, which would have put it at number one. The pressing plant only managed to press and distribute 20,000 copies and it dropped down to number 11.
The record doomed their career as an act to one-hit wonder status. BBC Radio refused to play the follow-up, "Headlights", because of its controversial content (a truck driver menaces lone girl on isolated back road), and because it was completely at odds with the novelty aspect of "Car 67". A subsequent dispute over royalties dragged on for two years, after which Phillips, completely disillusioned with the record industry, returned to journalism. The album he and Zorn made, "Hey Mr Record Man", included a satire on A&R men, and a spoken word playlet in two acts about the end of the world. The album ended with another satire on the illegal copying of music, addressing listeners as "You Stupid Turkeys". The final nail in its coffin was that it included an Americanised version of "Car 67" rather than the original hit Brummie version. The record company buried the album.
Since then, Phillips went on to success as a magazine publisher, and later as partner in a London design business. He then imported vintage guitars from America.
In February 2012 he released his first album of new material in 30 years. The album, "Now That's What I Call Divorce!!!" chronicles the difficulties in, breakup of and eventual divorce in his second marriage. The songs cover spousal abuse, binge drinking, depression, insomnia and breakup. Recorded entirely at home, using Logic, the album is self-produced and performed. In a sense, it is like an old-style concept album, in that all the songs but one relate to the breakdown of his relationship.
References.
Car 67
Driver 67
Now That's what I Call Divorce!!!

</doc>
<doc id="19462101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462101" title="Nicky's Game">
Nicky's Game

"Nicky's Game" is an American short film, originally developed and produced as an independent television pilot, based on Peter Alson's New York Times Best Seller "Confessions of an Ivy League Bookie". The film was shot in 16mm on location in New York City and premiered in 2005 at the inaugural New York Television Festival. It went on to become an official selection of the 2006 Vail Film Festival and CineVegas International Film Festival before being released on DVD and other media by IndiePix Films.
Plot summary.
Nicky Singer (John Ventimiglia) is a down on his luck Brooklyn native that has parlayed his Yale education into a job eking out a living as a professional poker player. Using his wits to navigate the seedy world of underground poker, Nicky must balance his own interest with those of his father (Burt Young), a retiree whose own gambling debts have pushed him to the brink of eviction. In a struggle to keep his head above water, Nicky encounters a diverse group of wannabe mobsters, thugs, and other eccentric characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19462105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462105" title="Emma Humphries">
Emma Humphries

Emma Humphries (born 14 June 1986) is a New Zealand association football player who represented her country at international level.
Humphries made her Football Ferns debut in a 0-4 loss to China on 16 November 2006, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Humphries also represented new Zealand at the 2006 Women's U-20 World Cup finals.

</doc>
<doc id="19462180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462180" title="2009 Sudirman Cup">
2009 Sudirman Cup

The 2009 Sudirman Cup (World Mixed Team Badminton Championships) was held in the Guangzhou Gymnasium in China from May 10 to May 17, 2009, having been arranged in December 2005. It was the eleventh contest.
Guangzhou has a tradition of staging badminton tournaments (The China Open was held in Guangzhou from 2005 to 2007, Thomas and Uber Cup in 2002 as well). The Sudirman Cup is part of the city's campaign of "hosting a major sporting event every year" in the run up to the 2010 Asian Games, which will be held in the same city.
China defeated Korea to win the title for the seventh time.

</doc>
<doc id="19462201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462201" title="Garth Street (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Garth Street (Hamilton, Ontario)

Garth Street is an Upper City (mountain) arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Beckett Drive, a mountain-access road in the north, and extends southward where it ends at Twenty Road just east of the Glancaster Golf and Country Club. It is a two-way street throughout.
History.
Originally, Garth Street was almost given the street name of "Upper Dundurn Street" because it's in alignment with Dundurn Street in Lower City Hamilton.
Landmarks.
"Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South."
Communities.
"Note: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South." 
Roads that are parallel with Garth Street.
"Note: Listing of Roads from West to East."
Roads that cross Garth Street.
"Note: Listing of streets from North to South."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19462219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462219" title="Nankana Sahib Tehsil">
Nankana Sahib Tehsil

Nankana Sahib Tehsil (), is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. The city of Nankana Sahib is the headquarters of the tehsil, until 2005 it was a tehsil of Sheikhpura District, but in that year Sheikhpura was bifurcated and the district of Nankana Sahib was created.

</doc>
<doc id="19462223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462223" title="1999 Alabama Crimson Tide football team">
1999 Alabama Crimson Tide football team

The 1999 Alabama Crimson Tide football team represented the University of Alabama in the 1999 college football season. The team was led by head coach Mike DuBose, who was in his third season with the program. The Crimson Tide, also known informally as the Tide, played their home games at Bryant-Denny Stadium, in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and Legion Field, in Birmingham, Alabama.
The team entered the season trying to build upon a 7–5 record from their 1998 season. The 1999 team had tremendous success. After a stunning last second loss to Louisiana Tech early in the year, they eventually finished with a 9–2 regular season record (7–1 in the SEC). This included defeating Auburn on the road for the first time ever. The team went on to the 1999 SEC Championship Game where they defeated Florida for the second time for the year. Alabama played Michigan in the 2000 Orange Bowl and suffered a 35–34 loss in overtime, due to a missed PAT. Ironically, Alabama had beaten Florida during the regular season by a single point in overtime, also due to a missed PAT.

</doc>
<doc id="19462256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462256" title="Jolarpet Junction Railway Station">
Jolarpet Junction Railway Station

Jolarpet Junction (Tamil: ஜோலார்பேட்டை சந்திப்பு)ு is one of the busiest railway station in Vellore district and an important Railway Junction in southern railway and Chennai division that connects kerala and Bangalore bound trains.
The station is served by 5 platforms in which 4 and 5 platforms primarily serve trains bound from Bangalore to Chennai and Coimbatore-Salem to Chennai bound trains. Platform 1 and2 serve for Chennai to Salem-Coimbatore-Kerala bound trains. Platform 3 or 4 for Chennai-Bangalore bound trains. This town is named after a British person " JOLAR" who was assigned the job of creating a place for Railway basement for their employees.
Salient Features.
This place is the crossroads for south west & south east bound trains. Trains from north and east India should pass by this way only. It has the Second Largest Railway Yard in Asia. Per day 121 trainspass through Jolarpet. They have a centre for southern railway to repair goods compartments .. The history of Jolarpettai Junction goes back to 1860s. When Madras Railways is started the rail started running from Royapuram to Wallajah Road. In the mean time rail line work was started in 1864 in the Jolarpettai - Bangalore Contonement route in which Bangalore mail started its journey in 1868. The Brindavan Express when introduced in the late 1960s was considered one of the fastest train at that time which crosses the Jolarpettai - Bangalore cantonment section in 1 hour 30 min. This shows how people worked in this part of railways those days.
Jolarpettai Junction is one of the biggest junction in the Indian Railways and is the only station in Asia having sixteen tracks. This Junction handles about 60 passenger trains daily of which few trains originate from this Junction notable one is the popularly called JP express (Yelagiri Exp). This Junction doesn't satisfies the norms for the status of junction which actually has to connect all the four direction but connecting only three direction Salem, Bangalore and Chennai. This will be soon compensated by the proposed Tiruvannamalai Route as well as another route proposed by the government Jolarpet Junction to Hosur via Krishnagiri.
"TIRUPATTUR AS JUNCTION"
After upgrading the next station Tirupattur as Junction, the traffic in JTJ has reduced to a certain extent. But after that many trains made up their correct time due to the relief congestion occurred in this point.
Jolarpettai Junction is one of the Class A junctions in the Southern Railways which comes under Chennai Division. This junction has all the facilities of workshop, shelter for the goods trains. This junction has the ticket counter in the first floor on the bridge. This junction has two bridges one with steps and another with the ramp which connects two villages of the town, Kodiyur and Eadayampatti.
There are 5 railway stations which serve this town.
Facilties.
A food plaza maintained by IRCTC is located on platforms 2 and 3. Platform 2,3,4 and 5 platforms also have refreshment stalls, ranging from Aavin milk booth, coffee shops, Hotel, Book stall and Fruit stalls. Toilets and bathrooms are available in plaftform no:2, 3. ATM is located near the main entrance. Digital board in platform no.2,3 and 4 shows the departure and arrival of trains with coach numbers. RPF Police station located at platform no:3, Parcel booking office, Railway Mailing Service (RMS)are available. Waiting rooms for Upper class and sleeper class passengers are available in platforms 2,3 and 4 and. Separate Waiting hall for ladies also available.
This station has two counters for unreservation tickets in first floor of the main building in between platform 2 and 3. Reservation for long distance trains is located at Main entrance of the railway station in separate building with two counters. For passengers security, the southern railways has installed cameras in various places.
Parking.
Car parking is in the Eastern end (Main Entrance) as well as in the Western end of the station. Bike parking is near Eastern end station
Transportation.
Near the Eastern end (Main Entrance)there is Bus Stop which main line of Vaniyambadi-Tirupattur Road. It is well connected by roadways to various parts of vellore district and connects all over Tamil Nadu since the highway (NH 46) from Chennai to Krishnagiri passes through the outskirts of the town via Natrampalli. It is also connected with the Bangalore - Kerala Highway (No. 11) and it is also located on the Vellore to Salem main road.
Lines From Jolarpet Junction.
4. Government has approved new proposed line Jolarpet-Hosur via Tirupattur, Bargur, Krishnagiri, and another line under survey is Jolarpet-Tiruvannamalai Route.
Trains Via Tirupattur Junction Not Halt at Jolarpet Junction.
These trains will not stop at Jolarpet Junction since due to Triangular Route Section. So there is halt at Tirupattur station.

</doc>
<doc id="19462315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462315" title="Tonnage monitor">
Tonnage monitor

A tonnage monitor is a meter used on a stamping press to measure the force applied by the ram. In a press, the cutting and forming tools in the die will wear down, requiring increasing effort to stamp the part. A tonnage monitor allows the user to observe this degradation and decide when it is time to sharpen and adjust the die. It generally uses strain gauges attached to the frame or tie rods of the press. The gauges provide an electric signal by means of piezoelectric effect as they are stretched during press operation.
The tonnage monitor may provide any of the following additional features:

</doc>
<doc id="19462385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462385" title="Athletics at the 1950 British Empire Games">
Athletics at the 1950 British Empire Games

At the 1950 British Empire Games, the athletics events were held at Eden Park in Auckland, New Zealand in February 1950. A total of 28 athletics events were contested at the Games, 20 by men and 8 by women. A total of seventeen Games records were set or improved over the competition.
A number of events can be viewed in series of 13 1950 Empire Games archive reels which have been placed by Archives New Zealand on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="19462477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462477" title="2008 Wyoming Cowboys football team">
2008 Wyoming Cowboys football team

The 2008 Wyoming Cowboys football team represented the University of Wyoming in the college football season of 2008–2009. The team's head coach was Joe Glenn, who was in his sixth year at Wyoming. They played their home games at War Memorial Stadium in Laramie, Wyoming and compete in the Mountain West Conference. They tried to improve upon a 5-7 record from the 2007 season. Head coach Joe Glenn was fired on November 23rd, 2008 after six seasons. Offensive coordinator Dave Christensen from the University of Missouri Tigers accepted the job on November 30.
Game Summaries.
Ohio.
In the opening game of the 2008 season, the Cowboys would down the Ohio Bobcats at home 21-20. In the first quarter, Ohio would score first on a 4-yard Theo Scott touchdown pass to Andrew Mooney, only to have to Cowboys answer with a 6-yard Devin Moore touchdown run to knot the game at 7-7 entering the second quarter. In the second, Wyoming would open the scoring with a 3-yard Dax Crum touchdown pass to J. Salyards and take a 14-7 lead. The Bobcats would answer with 10 consecutive points on a 100-yard Donte Harden kickoff return, and a 31-yard Barrett Way field goal in taking a 17-14 halftime lead. After a scoreless third, Ohio would extend its lead to 20-14 after converting a 34-yard Way field goal. The Cowboys would respond with what turned out to be the game-winning touchdown midway through the fourth on a 23-yard Crum touchdown pass to Donate Morgan to win by a final score of 21-20. 
Air Force.
In the Mountain West opener, the Cowboys would surrender 20 unanswered, second half points in this 23-3 loss to the Falcons. After a scoreless first, the Cowboys would respond to an Air Force field goal with a 47-yard Jake Scott field goal late in the second to tie the game at 3-3 going into the half for their only points on the afternoon. 
North Dakota State.
After falling behind in the third quarter by a score of 13-0 to the FCS Bison, the Cowboys would rally back with 16 unanswered points in taking a 16-13 victory at home. Midway through the third, the Cowboys would score their first points on a 2-yard Devin Moore touchdown run to close the gap to 13-7. Kicker Jake Scott would then provide the remainder of scoring on a pair of 28-yard field goals, and a third from 29-yards with only :04 seconds remaining in the contest to take the win. 
BYU.
With two defensive touchdowns and outgaining the Cowboys 364-273 yards in total offense, the 14th ranked BYU Cougars were dominant in this 44-0 shutout at Provo.

</doc>
<doc id="19462496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462496" title="1992 Chatham Cup">
1992 Chatham Cup

The 1992 Chatham Cup was the 65th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. National League teams received a bye until the third round (last 64). In all, 141 teams took part in the competition. 
The 1992 final.
In the final, Darren Fellows put Waikato United into the lead early on, but Miramar Rangers fought back with goal before half time to Billy Wright. Wright added a second via a penalty in the second half, followed by a late goal from Vaughan Coveny.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 1992 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Neal Cave of Miramar Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="19462589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462589" title="List of Wings episodes">
List of Wings episodes

The following is a list of all 172 episodes of the NBC television series "Wings".

</doc>
<doc id="19462641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462641" title="The Murder of Fred Hampton">
The Murder of Fred Hampton

The Murder of Fred Hampton is a 1971 documentary film which began with the intention of portraying Fred Hampton and the Illinois Black Panther Party. During the film's production, Hampton was killed by the Chicago Police Department.
Plot.
The documentary is split into two parts: a portrait of Fred Hampton and an investigative report in his death. Through re-enactments, evidence from the scene, and interviews, the documentary alleges that Hampton's death was murder by the Chicago police.
Release.
The film was released in Chicago, Illinois in May 1971, but it failed to attract much attention. However, it had a successful festival run in Europe and opened in New York in October 1971.
Reception.
In a retrospective, Roger Ebert called it "less compelling as investigative journalism than as an archive of political vernacular." A. H. Weiler of "The New York Times" called it "a disturbingly somber illustration of some of the ills that beset us and our social system." Spencer Parsons of the "Austin Chronicle" wrote that the film's coverage of Hampton is riveting and does not shy away from controversy. Noel Murray of The A.V. Club rated it B+ and called it an immersive experience and "more satisfying portrait of activism" than "American Revolution 2" (1969). David Walker of DVD Talk rated it 4.5/5 stars and wrote, "As a documentary, The Murder of Fred Hampton serves as a lasting memorial to Hampton's great legacy and tragic killing. Equally important, the film is an example of the power of independent media in providing the truth, when much of the mainstream media simply chooses to recycle the information they are given without digging beneath the surface."

</doc>
<doc id="19462649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462649" title="Jennifer Donahue">
Jennifer Donahue

Jennifer Donahue is an American political analyst and journalist. She was the political director of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College. After more than a decade as a political reporter, analyst and producer, Donahue is known for appearing on National Public Radio, ABC World News Tonight, NBC Nightly News, Nightline (US news program), CBS Evening News, and Anderson Cooper 360°.
She currently serves as Communications Director for the New England Clean Energy Council. She has previously taught political science for Suffolk University in Boston, during the Fall semester in 2011. 
Jennifer is frequently quoted in "Newsweek", "The Washington Post", "New York Times", "USA Today", "Boston Globe", and participates in live interviews on National Public Radio.
Personal history.
A graduate of Cornell University in 1989, Donahue refers to herself as a political analyst.
Political career.
1990s.
Jennifer Donahue began work at C-SPAN in Washington, D.C. under her first boss, Brian Lamb. Her chance to field produce the Clarence Thomas/Anita Hill hearings in the Senate in 1991 sparked her interest in gaining access to "what was happening behind the scenes."
In 1992 Donahue covered the presidential race for C-SPAN. After the 1992 presidential race, Donahue began a job as the press secretary for United States Senator Hank Brown.
From 1995 to 1999, Donahue worked as a producer, writer and interviewer for CNN's "Inside Politics". In 1996, she covered the presidential race for CNN.
2000 election.
During the 2000 presidential election, Donahue covered the race as both a freelance reporter for "Newsweek" and an on-air political analyst for MSNBC. She also worked for New Hampshire's WNDS-TV as a reporter. During the election cycle, Donahue interviewed all the major presidential candidates and moderated live debates and town hall meetings with Keyes, Bauer, Bradley and Gore.
New Hampshire Institute of Politics - Saint Anselm College.
Donahue joined Saint Anselm College in 2002. She taught a seminar titled "Pizza and Politics" on political news and analysis and moderates the "Granite State Public Policy Forum" series.
In June/July 2008, Donahue was named the political director for the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College; she resigned in 2009. Prior to that, Donahue was a senior adviser for political affairs.
Harvard University's Institute of Politics.
In the fall of 2008, Donahue was a resident fellow at the Kennedy School of Government's Institute of Politics. Her study group focused on an examination of the 2008 Obama-McCain general elections campaign as it occurred.
Eisenhower Institute at Gettysburg College.
Jennifer Donahue began lecturing, hosting events and appearing on television as an expert-in-residence on behalf of the Eisenhower Institute at Gettysburg College in the Spring of 2011, based in Washington, D.C. In January 2012, she hosted Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on behalf of the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19462650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462650" title="Aimilios Veakis">
Aimilios Veakis

Aimilios Veakis (Greek: Αιμίλιος Βεάκης; December 13, 1884 – June 29, 1951) was one of the greatest Greek actors. He fought in the Balkan Wars and World War II.
Biography.
He was the son of the theatrical writer Ioannis Veakis as an orphan and of the two sons lived into his childhood and the years together with childless relatives. During the objection of his guardian which he wrote at 16 years old in 1900 and the Royal Dramatic School. After his cut off from the dramatic school of the Royal Theatre, he enrolled into the Great Arts School which he studied drawing. In 1901, he left his studied and he began his career as an actor in Volos with the company of Evangelia Nika. From that time, he circulated in portions which it had Greek elements until the his enrollment of the Balkan Wars (1912–13) in which he prepared his words due to the "brave deed".
He returned to the front, Veakis worked as one of the greatest companies of his time (Lepeniotis, Kalogerikou, Kotopouli, Kyveli, Ekonomou) and entered in all the theatricak acts. He distinguished as hear of the "characterists" and played in classic tragedies and dramas. His career station was acting in "Oedipus" in the same tragedy ("Oedipus Rex"), the director of Fotos Politis with the Greek Theatrical Company. From 1932, he culminated the Royal Theatre as the National Theatre. He entered as the same theatrical head, even as a hypocritic professor in the vocational school of the National Theatre.
He participated with the resistance during World War II. He entered the mountains after Dekemvriana and continued the give his theatrical sayings. He made sporadic appearance until his farewell presentations at the National Theatre in April and May 1951. He died lonely and poor and he was buried at the Athens First Cemetery.
Legacy after his death.
After his death, he was recognized mainly as a scarce presentation in the Greek theatre with several honouring functions. The sams summer theatre "ancient theatre press" "Skylitseio" in Kastela in Piraeus where he was regenerated by the mayor Aristeidis Skylitsis in 1969 renamed to "Veakeio" in 1976. His honouring of Aimilios Veakis regenerated to the right side of the face of the Public Theatre in Piraeus, the theatrical museum features in male actors and from 1994, the "Aimilios Veakis Awards awards in the male role as well as the Aimilios Veakis Awards for the totalized presentations in theatre.
Bibliography.
He ran poetic councils, made theatrical works as well as novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19462720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462720" title="Gillian E. Metzger">
Gillian E. Metzger

Gillian E. Metzger (born October 2, 1965) is a United States Constitutional Law scholar and a professor of law at Columbia Law School.
Early life and education.
The daughter of Columbia University history professor Walter Metzger, Gillian E. Metzger grew up on campus in faculty housing. She earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Yale University in 1987, and then worked as a legislative aide for District Council 37, a local union in New York City. Metzger then earned a master's degree in philosophy at the University of Oxford. After several years as a staff analyst for New York City government, Metzger enrolled in Columbia Law School, earning her law degree in 1995.
Professional career.
After law school, Metzger first clerked with U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit judge Patricia Wald and then clerked for U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
After completing her clerkship with Ginsburg, Metzger became a staff attorney for the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law for several years. During her time at the Brennan Center, Metzger worked on two notable causes: challenging Florida's permanent disenfranchisement of convicted felons and defending campaign finance reform measures. Her work on felon disenfranchisement earned her an invitation to testify before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary on October 21, 1999.
Metzger joined Columbia Law's faculty in 2001. Her areas of expertise are constitutional law, administrative law, federalism, and institutional reform. She also has served as the faculty advisor to the school's American Constitution Society for Law and Policy chapter.
Personal.
Metzger and her husband, New York City Department of Finance Director of Tax Policy Research Michael Hyman, live on Manhattan's Upper West Side.

</doc>
<doc id="19462735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462735" title="Travel Adventures">
Travel Adventures

Travel Adventures began in 1987 by founders Michael Palmer and David Snyder. The company is a member of the Student and Youth Travel Association (SYTA) - a non-profit, professional trade association, which was formed in 1997. In September 2008, John Krish (General Manager) of Travel Aventures became President of SYTA. 
The combined total revenues for Travel Adventures was reportedly $8.2 million in 2007.
Travel Adventures.
Travel Adventures creates custom educational travel experiences serving teachers and students nationwide. In 2007 a nationwide study conducted by Michigan State University within the Student and Youth Travel Research Institute (SYTRI) found that Performing Arts is rising in popularity. Travel Adventures is a provider of student tours including The National Performing Arts Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19462741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462741" title="Gordon Dillard">
Gordon Dillard

Gordon Lee Dillard is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of the and seasons in the majors, for the Baltimore Orioles in 1988 and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19462743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462743" title="Uzbekistan national under-20 football team">
Uzbekistan national under-20 football team

The Uzbekistan national under-20 football team represents Uzbekistan in international under-20 football competitions. It is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation and is a member of the Asian Football Confederation.
Tournament history.
Uzbekistan national under-19 football team's debut in AFC Youth Championship was in 2002 tournament in Qatar. Uzbekistan U-19 qualified for knockout stages of tournament and in quarterfinal won Syria with 4-0. In semifinal U-19 faced Japan, losing by penalty 2:4. In third place match U-19 national team lost to Saudi Arabia. Their best performance in AFC U-19 Championships was in 2008. In 2008 AFC U-19 Championship U-19 team finished runner-up, losing in final to UAE with 1-2.
Uzbekistan national under-20 football team played three times in FIFA U-20 World Cups. In 2003 and 2009 mundials team finished its appearance in group stage. In 2013 World Cup in Turkey, U-20 team made play-off and in Round of 16 won Greece with 3:1, but lost in quarterfinal to France 0:4.
Current squads.
U-20.
The following players were called for 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Turkey, from 21 June – 13 July 2013.
Current head coach: Akhmadjan Musaev.
U-19.
The following players were called for 2012 AFC U-19 Championship in UAE, from 3 November to 17 November 2012.<br>
Current head coach: Akhmadjan Musaev.
U-18.
The following players were called for 2014 AFC U-19 Championship qualification in Qatar, from 4 October to 12 October 2013.<br>
Head coach: Aleksey Evstafeev.
Schedule and results.
U-20.
2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup
U-19.
2012 AFC U-19 Championship
U-18.
2014 AFC U-19 Championship qualification

</doc>
<doc id="19462752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462752" title="Persakis">
Persakis

Persakis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19462850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462850" title="Mac Robertson">
Mac Robertson

Mac Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19462859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462859" title="Billy Boyle">
Billy Boyle

Billy Boyle is an Irish actor on British film, television and stage. He is a veteran of the West End stage having played leading roles in over 15 hit shows. In his first West End musical "Maggie May" he was nominated as best newcomer. Gower Champion then chose him to play Barnaby in "Hello Dolly" at The Theatre Royal Drury Lane. He appeared in "Canterbury Tales" at the Phoenix Theatre as The Clerk of Oxford. Harold Hobson, The Times critic said, "He was a breath of fresh air in the West-End". He then went on to play leading roles in "No Sex Please, We're British", "Billy", "What's a Nice Country", "The Rivals", "Love, Lust, & Marriage", "Some Like it Hot", Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", and lately "Dirty Dancing". He has had his own very successful television series in Ireland "It's Billy Boyle" as well as leading roles in "Trail of Guilt", the award winning "The Grass Arena", "The Bretts", as well as many guest appearances in EastEnders, Coronation Street, Father Ted etc. He later presented a programme, Dance Crazy for ITV, on the history of dance. Lately he has been seen in Dirk Gently, for BBC Four, and the current series of Lead Balloon. His many films include Stanley Kubrick's "Barry Lyndon", "Groupie Girl", "Side by Side", "Shergar", "The Scarlet and the Black", and "Round Ireland with a Fridge". 

</doc>
<doc id="19462879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462879" title="816th Strategic Aerospace Division">
816th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 816th Strategic Aerospace Division (816th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Second Air Force, being stationed at Altus Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on July 1, 1965.
Activated in 1958 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control and coordinated the manning, equipping, and operational readiness of B-52 Stratofortress MAJCOM Strategic Wings in Texas and Oklahoma. Assigned SM-65 Atlas ICBM wings in 1961 and was redesignated as a Strategic Aerospace Division, conducted training in strategic air warfare on a global scale from 1958–1965. It participated in tactical exercises such as Card Game, Steel Trap, and Blonde Cutey.
Inactivated in June 1965 as part of the phaseout of the Atlas ICBM and as a result of budget reductions.
History.
Components.
Wings

</doc>
<doc id="19462893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462893" title="Matt &amp; Kim (album)">
Matt &amp; Kim (album)

Matt & Kim is the self-titled debut album from Brooklyn-based band Matt & Kim. It was released on October 24, 2006 on the label iheartcomix.
Track listing.
Note: On the vinyl 'Bonus Track' is in between 'Grand' and 'Frank'
Music video.
Music videos were made for the songs "Yea Yeah" and "5k", although the version of "5K" used in the music video was from their first EP "To/From".

</doc>
<doc id="19462905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462905" title="Cloud Over Koala">
Cloud Over Koala

"Cloud Over Koala" is an episode of the American television detective series "Hawaiian Eye".
Synopsis.
Middle-aged bachelor Alfred Holland is enticed into romance by Peggy McClane, a much younger lady with a secret boyfriend, ex-con Cliff Johnson. Holland works for realtor John Peralta, who has just hired Tracey Steele and Hawaiian Eye to find a former business partner named William Vedder. Steele eventually learns that William Vedder, besides being hard to find, is an ex-con whose conviction was secured through testimony by Alfred Holland. Unable to find Vedder, Steele is advised by Lt Quon to seek out Cliff Johnson, his former cellmate.
Cliff Johnson denies any knowledge of Vedder's whereabouts, but his apartment's proximity to Peggy McClane's arouses Steele's suspicion after learning of her liaison with Alfred Holland. Meanwhile, William Vedder, an out of control lush being hidden by an old Chinese woman, is visited by Cliff Johnson. They discuss their plan to have Peggy marry Holland, in order to gain title to certain real-estate deeds held jointly by Vedder and Peralta. These holdings, once worthless, are now valuable. John Peralta signed his share over to Alfred Holland to keep it out of a pending divorce settlement. It all ends badly when Holland accidentally kills Veddar in self-defense, then commits suicide when apprehended by Steele and Tom Lopaka. 
Episode notes.
This was one of the few episodes without a musical number written into the teleplay.

</doc>
<doc id="19462928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462928" title="Bayanjargalan">
Bayanjargalan

Bayanjargalan is the name of two sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19462933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462933" title="Braam van Straaten">
Braam van Straaten

Abraham Johannes Jacobus "Braam" van Straaten (born 28 September 1971) is a former South African rugby union footballer. He was capable of playing either at fly-half or centre, and represented the Springboks in 21 tests from 1999 to 2001, scoring 221 points.
Van Straaten was born in Pretoria and made a relatively late start to professional rugby, making his debut for the Bulls in 1996 at the age of 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19462978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462978" title="Laona (CDP), Wisconsin">
Laona (CDP), Wisconsin

Laona is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Laona in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States. U.S. Route 8 travels east-west through the community and Wisconsin Highway 32 travels south and west of the community. The community park has a sign stating that the community donated the 1979 Christmas tree at the nation's capitol. As of the 2010 census, its population is 583.
History.
The town was established in 1903, although settlement had begun in 1896 by William D. Connor, a lumberman and President of his R. Connor Lumber and Land Company. The community was named for the daughter of Norman Johnson, an early resident; the first child born to a settler.
In 1896, W.D. Connor backpacked sixty miles from Gillett, Wisconsin to explore the region along a proposed Chicago and North Western Railway route. Living off the abundant fish and game, he found several potential sites for mills and towns. The first was to become Wabeno, Wisconsin the second was to become Laona. Connor ultimately purchased over surrounding Laona.
The Laona area was a Potowatomi and Chippewa domicile. It was the location of early summer annual porcupine hunts, attracting Indians from all over Northern Wisconsin and Upper Michigan for days of killing and cooking porcupines and nights of feasting and dancing. There were also annual fall wild rice harvest festivals. Along what is now Laona's central street had been a long brush fence with spaced intervals. This was a deer hunting range, behind which Indians had lain in wait with bows, awaiting deer drives.
A classic company town, Laona's mill, bank, hospital, store, school, library, and housing were all built by the Connor company. The town's economy revolved around the company's lumber mill. During business downturns of the 19th and early 20th century, "company scrip" or privately issued company money was issued and used as currency in the town.
Laona remains a foundation of Wisconsin's lumber history. The private forestland surrounding the town has been selectively managed for the past 100 years and the forest is an example of sustainable management.
Business.
Nicolet Hardwoods Corporation is one of the midwest's largest hardwood sawmills. Totally optimized and running the most sophisticated, technologically advanced equipment available, the sawmill claims zero waste product.
W•D Flooring, LLC, the region's largest flooring mill, manufactures residential and commercial flooring, including gymnasium and sport flooring. They have made flooring for landmarks including the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville, the Detroit Institute of Arts and the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. W•D Flooring also claims to produce zero waste product.
Recreation.
The community is the site of the Lumberjack Steam Train, an operating turn-of-the-century passenger train and award-winning museum. This operates during the summer months.
In the winter, Laona is home to the 100 Mile Snow Safari or "100 miler", one of Wisconsin's oldest snowmobiling trails. It offers nearly of undeveloped trail riding in a managed trail system. With dozens of undeveloped lakes and miles of undeveloped timberland to ride through, it is one of Wisconsin's most popular snowmobiling trails.

</doc>
<doc id="19462986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19462986" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T54">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 800 metres T54

The Men's 800m T54 had its First Round held on September 11 at 11:34, its Semifinals on September 12 at 21:00 and its Final on September 13 at 21:03.

</doc>
<doc id="19463014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463014" title="Atomic emission spectroscopy">
Atomic emission spectroscopy

Atomic emission spectroscopy (AES) is a method of chemical analysis that uses the intensity of light emitted from a flame, plasma, arc, or spark at a particular wavelength to determine the quantity of an element in a sample. The wavelength of the atomic spectral line gives the identity of the element while the intensity of the emitted light is proportional to the number of atoms of the element.
Flame emission spectroscopy.
A frequent application of the emission measurement with the flame is the regulation of alkali metals for pharmaceutical analytics.
Inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy.
Inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy (ICP-AES) uses an inductively coupled plasma to produce excited atoms and ions that emit electromagnetic radiation at wavelengths characteristic of a particular element. 
Advantages of ICP-AES are excellent limit of detection and linear dynamic range, multi-element capability, low chemical interference and a stable and reproducible signal. Disadvantages are spectral interferences (many emission lines), cost and operating expense and the fact that samples typically must be in solution.
Spark and arc atomic emission spectroscopy.
Spark or arc atomic emission spectroscopy is used for the analysis of metallic elements in solid samples. For non-conductive materials, the sample is ground with graphite powder to make it conductive. In traditional arc spectroscopy methods, a sample of the solid was commonly ground up and destroyed during analysis. An electric arc or spark is passed through the sample, heating it to a high temperature to excite the atoms within it. The excited analyte atoms emit light at characteristic wavelengths that can be dispersed with a monochromator and detected. in the past, the spark or arc conditions were typically not well controlled, the analysis for the elements in the sample were qualitative. However, modern spark sources with controlled discharges can be considered quantitative. Both qualitative and quantitative spark analysis are widely used for production quality control in foundries and steel mills.

</doc>
<doc id="19463020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463020" title="KVSF (AM)">
KVSF (AM)

KVSF (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. The station serves the Santa Fe area and is currently owned by Hutton Broadcasting, LLC (a New Mexico, LLC). It carries a sports format.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19463048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463048" title="Gerd Kelbling">
Gerd Kelbling

Gerd Kelbling (12 June 1912 – 9 June 2005) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. As a U-boat commander he is credited with the sinkinking of nine merchant vessels for a total of and three warships for a total of 2,902 tons, including the USS "Skill" and HMS "Tynedale". He further damaged one ship of and one warship of 1,625 tons. A further vessel of and one warship 1,625 tons were so heavily damaged that they were a total loss. "U-593" was sunk on 13 December 1943 in the western Mediterranean by depth charges from the US destroyer USS "Wainwright" and the British escort destroyer HMS "Calpe". The entire crew, without loss of life, was taken prisoner of war.

</doc>
<doc id="19463079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463079" title="813th Strategic Aerospace Division">
813th Strategic Aerospace Division

The 813th Strategic Aerospace Division (813th SAD) is an inactive United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with Strategic Air Command, assigned to Fifteenth Air Force, being stationed at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. It was inactivated on 2 July 1966.
Activated in 1954 as an intermediate command echelon of Strategic Air Command, providing command and control, of B-47 Stratojet medium bomber wings in Florida. Inactivated in 1956 due to budget constraints. Reactivated in 1959 as a B-47 Division in the upper Northwest, acquiring control of ICBM missile Wings in 1962. It maintained the capability to conduct long range bombardment operations and strategic missile warfare. In addition, the 813th supported Air Reserve and National Guard programs, established applicable safety programs, and administered the security protection program.
Inactivated in 1966 along with the phaseout of Titan I and Atlas ICBMs.
History.
Components.
Wings
Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19463081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463081" title="Sergelen">
Sergelen

Sergelen is the name of two sums (districts) in Mongolia:

</doc>
<doc id="19463092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463092" title="Anthony Browne (justice)">
Anthony Browne (justice)

Sir Anthony Browne QS (1509–1567) was a British justice. 
Life.
He came from a family of lawyers; his father, Sir Wistan Browne, was a barrister of the Middle Temple, and three of his uncles served as benchers there, one of whom was Sir Humphrey Browne, a justice of the Court of Common Pleas. 
On his mother, Elizabeth's side were Sir John Mordaunt, chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and William Mordaunt, chief Prothonotary of the Common Pleas. 
Keeping with family tradition he joined Middle Temple, and became a pupil of John Jenour, at the time the second Prothonotary of the Common Pleas. 
In 1545, he became a Member of Parliament, and in 1554 a bencher of Middle Temple. 
He was made a Serjeant-at-law in 1555 under the patronage of the Earl of Oxford, and was then immediately made Queen's Serjeant, obliged as the junior serjeant of his inn to give a reading, which he did on the subject of the Statute of Jeofails.
On 5 October 1558, Browne was appointed Chief Justice of the Common Pleas by Mary I; his appointment was reconfirmed in November by Elizabeth I. 
He was removed by Elizabeth in the following January by means of appointing him a Puisne Justice of the Queen's Bench, most likely due to his religious disagreements with the new queen; while it was not serious enough to demand removal from the court, it would be unthinkable to have the head of a major court in religious disagreement with the monarch. 
In 1563, it was rumoured he would replace Nicholas Bacon as Lord Keeper of the Great Seal; if so he rejected it on grounds of religion. 
In 1565, he wrote an essay supporting the claim to the throne of Mary Stuart, which was later included in John Lesley's "A Treatise concerning the Defence of the Honour of Marie, Queene of Scotland, made by Morgan Philippes, Bachelar of Divinitie, Piae afflicts animi consoleiones, ad Mariam Scot. Reg." in 1571, and also encouraged Edmund Plowden to write "A Treatise on Succession", which attempted to prove that Mary was not debarred from the English throne under Henry VIII's will. 
It is unknown whether Elizabeth was aware of these anti-Protestant efforts; if so, it is odd that she knighted him in February 1567.
Browne remained a justice of the Common Pleas until his death on 16 May 1567 at Weald Hall in Essex. 
Plowden described him at his passing as a judge 'de profound ingeny et graund eloquence' (of profound ingenuity and grand eloquence), and the Spanish ambassador called his death a great loss to the Catholic faction in England. 
His funeral was performed, per his request, with the traditional Catholic ceremonies, and at his funeral various friends were given gold mourning rings in the style of those of Serjeants-at-Law with 'Wee dye’ engraved on the outside and 'Forgett nott’ on the inside. 
He was buried in South Weald church, but his tomb was badly damaged in the 1868 church restoration, leaving only a headless figure in judicial robes and part of an inscription, which gives his age at death as fifty seven. 
Family.
Browne married Jane, the daughter of William Farrington at an undetermined point, but, as the marriage was childless, most of his estate was left to his brother George and various friends. 
His most lasting creation is Brentwood School, created as ‘The Grammar School of Anthony Browne, Serjeant at the Law, in Brentwood’.
Parliament.
Browne was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lostwithiel 1545, Great Bedwyn 1547, Preston March 1553 and October 1553, Scarborough April 1554 and Maldon November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="19463107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463107" title="19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche">
19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche

19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche (May 21, 1917 – November 4, 2003) was a reincarnation of the Kushok Bakula Rinpoche. He was one of the best known lamas of Ladakh, a statesman and international diplomat of the Republic of India. He is known for his efforts in reviving Buddhism in Mongolia and Russia, linking them with the community of Tibetan exiles in India.
A descendant of Ladakh's royal family, he was given to monkhood at an early age. He was recognized by the Thirteenth Dalai Lama as a reincarnation of Bakula Arhat, one of the Sixteen Arhats (direct disciples of Gautama Buddha). 
Later he served in the Parliament of India, and was deeply engaged with welfare, education and rights of Scheduled Castes and Tribes of India. In his later years, he became India's Ambassador in Mongolia.
In 2005, the Leh airport was renamed as the Kushok Bakula Airport.
Literature.
The 19th incarnation was Thupstan Chonjor born on May 14, 1917, in a royal family of Matho village of Ladakh.He was recognize by H.H The 13th Dalia Lama as the reincarnation of Arahat Bakula, one of the 16thArahat(NastanChutuk).He went to Lhasa(Tibet) at the age of 13 and receive education in the great Drepung monastery which was the largest monastic institution in Tibet there he was awarded the degree of GesheLarampa(the highest degree in Buddhist metaphysics) at the age of 25 and get his geshe ordination from the 13th Dalia Lama. After returning from Tibet he dedicated his life in serving the people of Ladakh for their better future.In the very first democratic elections in Ladakh in 1949 the people of Ladakh had elected BakulaRinpochey as their leader and the president of the National Conference Party. He served as Minister of State in J&K State Government from 1953 to 1967.He was the member of the fourth and the fifth LokSabha from 1967 to 1977.he also serve as the member of the consultative Committees in Indian Parliament for defense, education and planning. His role in education was unforgettable, under his guidance the then Ladakh Buddhist Association and Gonpa association were able to establish the Buddhist philosophy school on 23 October 1959(now CIBS) with only ten students. In 1949 again with the tireless efforts of BakulaRinpochey the Government of India sanctioned scholarships for eighteen Ladakhi novices to obtain modern education at Sarnath, and in 1961 another five young monks were sent to study Buddhism in Sri Lanka. In 1963 with his effort the Ladakh Institute of Higher Studies was established in Delhi with students from various Himalayan regions such as Himachal Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Nagaland, Mezoram etc. the school was government recognized and also scholarships were sanctioned to the students. Bakularinpochey during his last years also gave stress on the government of J and K for the need of university in Ladakh in that concern the then (2003) C.M of J and K Mr. Mufti Mohammad Syeed during one of his personal visit at Samkar monastery told Bakularinpochey that steps has been taken to set up a new university campus in Leh.In 1968 BakulaRinpochey was elected unopposed to represent Ladakh in the National Parliament in New Delhi. On August 7, 1978,BakulaRinpochey was appointed member of the first Commission on Minorities and served till December 11, 1989. Then from 1990 till 2000 he served as an Indian Ambassador to Mongolia. In 1986 Bakula Rinpoche was awarded by a prestigious Padma Bushan. He died on 4 November 2004 in New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="19463113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463113" title="Frank Seurer">
Frank Seurer

Frank Anthony Seurer (born August 16, 1962 in Huntington Beach, California), is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Seattle Seahawks in the 1984 NFL Supplemental Draft of USFL and CFL Players. He played collegiate football at the University of Kansas. Seurer started two games at quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs in the 1987 NFL season following the 1987 NFLPA strike.

</doc>
<doc id="19463115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463115" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T11

The Men's 1,500m T11 had its first round held on September 13, beginning at 11:40 and the Final on September 15, at 18:39.

</doc>
<doc id="19463122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463122" title="List of United Kingdom MPs who only sat in the February–November 1910 Parliament">
List of United Kingdom MPs who only sat in the February–November 1910 Parliament

Twenty-two Members who sat throughout the 1910 Parliament were not members of any preceding or following Parliament, Their tenure as MPs therefore lasted 286 days, making them among the shortest-serving MPs in history.
1974 elections.
On the only other occasion in the 20th century when two UK general elections took place in the same year, 1974, there was only one MP who served only in this parliament: Harry West.

</doc>
<doc id="19463137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463137" title="Joseph the Carpenter">
Joseph the Carpenter

Joseph the Carpenter is an oil painting by Georges de La Tour created circa 1645. The painting depicts a young Jesus with Saint Joseph, his earthly father. 
Joseph drills a piece of wood with an auger. The shape of the auger reflects the shape of the Cross and the geometry of the wood arrayed on the floor, set cross-wise to the seated child Christ, is a foreshadowing of the crucifixion. John Rupert Martin writes that Jesus' patience represents "filial obedience and the acceptance of his destiny as martyr".
This painting, created around the year 1645 is one of several tenebrist paintings by de La Tour. Others include "The Education of the Virgin", the "Penitent Magdalene", and "The Dream of St. Joseph". In all these works, a single, strong light source is a central element, surrounded by cast shadows. In both "Joseph the Carpenter" and "The Education of the Virgin", the young Christ is represented, hand raised, as if in benediction, with the candlelight shining through the flesh as an allegorical reference to Christ as the "Light of the World."

</doc>
<doc id="19463140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463140" title="Setau">
Setau

Setau was the Viceroy of Kush in the second half of Ramesses II's reign. Contemporary records show that Setau served in this position from Year 38 until at least Year 63 of Ramesses II's reign. Setau was "a graduate of the royal school" and already enjoyed an impressive record of royal service which is detailed in a long autobiographical inscription carved at Wadi es-Sebua. The temple of Wadi es-Sebua was built for Ramesses II by Setau around 1236 BC or Year 44 of this pharaoh's reign. Eleven of his stela, now in the Cairo Museum, were found in the courtyard of this temple and make it possible to establish his career and understand the precise duties of a viceroy. Setau states: 
Viceroy of Kush.
Setau attracted the king's attention and records that he was promoted "to be High Steward of Amen. I served as Superintendent of the Treasury and Festival Leader of Amen" before finally being appointed as the Viceroy of Nubia. 
Setau was determined to set out his mark in Nubia and records that he:
Apart from the temple of Wadi es-Sebua, Setau also erected another temple at Gerf Hussein on the West Bank of the Nile around Year 45 of Ramesses II. This temple, called the 'House of Ptah' was a "hemi-speos" or a partially rock cut and partially exposed temple which was dedicated to Ptah, Ptah-Tatenen and Hathor and associated with the pharaoh himself. An avenue of sphinxes here "led up to a pylon serving as the entrance to a peristyle court decorated with colossal Osirid statues." Setau also notes in his series of autobiographical stelas that much of his workforce was derived from foreign captives and funded by spoils captured by Ramesses II on his campaigns. This statement is supported by a Year 44 text made by Ramose (TT7), an Egyptian army officer, who states that the pharaoh directed Setau "to take captives from the land of the Libyans" in order to construct the large temple of Wadi es-Sebua. Unfortunately, however, Setau's ambitious goals to leave his mark on the country of Nubia were handicapped by inferior raw materials and his untrained workforce. As Joyce Tyldesley notes: "the buildings which he (ie. Setau) supervised, although at first sight magnificent, were by no means well built while even his own great stela were full of spelling mistakes."
Setau also built or renovated at a temple at El-Kab.
Burial.
Setau's tomb (TT289) is located in the Dra' Abu el-Naga' area of the Theban Necropolis.
The tomb is large and decorated with scenes ranging from a funeral procession, to scenes from the book of the dead, to scenes of Setau – sometimes with his wife Nofretmut – before deities. Finds include the forementioned fragments of the granite sarcophagus of Setau, and a coffin lid of Setau's wife with figures of Thoth and Imset. Setau reused the pyramid belonging to tomb 288 which belonged to Bekenkhons whose tomb is also dated to the Ramesside period.

</doc>
<doc id="19463155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463155" title="Brighton Rock (album)">
Brighton Rock (album)

Brighton Rock is a self-titled EP by the Canadian glam metal band, of the same name. The EP was released in 1985. The EP caught the attention of Bob Roper who signed the band to WEA Records in Canada. While three tracks from the EP were re-recorded on their debut album, "Young, Wild and Free", the fourth track "The Fool's Waltz" remains unreleased anywhere else.

</doc>
<doc id="19463157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463157" title="1970 Winchester 400">
1970 Winchester 400

The 1970 Winchester 400 motor race, the first annual (run annually since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 4, 1970, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Dave Sorg of Fort Wayne, Indiana won this first Winchester 400. He dominated the race by leading 301 of the 400 laps around the "World's Fastest Half-Mile" and beating runner-up Irv Janey of Cedar Rapids, Iowa by five laps. Sorg, the 1968 American Speed Association (ASA) Champion collected $2,403 for the victory.
The race.
Ron North of Huntington, Indiana was the quickest of 44 competitors who attempted to make the race. North toured the track in 18.980 seconds (94.837 MPH). The lap bested the previous ASA Track Record of 19.040 seconds set by 1970 ASA Champion Jim Blount.
Starting from outside the front row, Blount darted into the early lead before North took over the point on lap four. North’s turn at the front was to be short-lived as the fast-qualifier suffered an engine problem while leading on lap eight and retired to finish last in the 40-car field. Back in front, Blount would lead through lap 38 until passed by Homer Newland of Detroit, Michigan. Dave Sorg charged past Newland to the lead on lap 44 with Newland’s engine expiring while giving chase five laps later.
Sorg and Blount, a pair of northern Indiana veterans, began to trade the lead over the next several laps. Blount went back in front on lap 90, only to lose it again to Sorg on lap 102. Five laps later, they swapped positions again with Blount pacing the field for four circuits before yielding to Sorg on lap 111. The thrilling battle for the lead went away on lap 123 when Blount tangled with the slower car of Clyde Brown and was sent spinning into the guardrail. Blount’s car bounced off the rail, triggering a five-car pileup that included the cars of Ernie Guy, Gene Prosser, Dave Byler, and Blackie Wangerin.
John Sommerville became the fourth different leader of the event on lap 192 as Sorg made a trip down pit road. Back on the track, Sorg quickly chased down Sommerville and went back in front for the final time on lap 232. Although the race was briefly stopped after a wheel flying over the guardrail sparked a grass fire, nothing could stop Sorg. Leading the final 168 consecutive laps, Sorg sliced through the field with abandon and pulled away to win by five laps. Following Janey in second was Sommerville, Jerry Norris, and Jay Behimer.

</doc>
<doc id="19463163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463163" title="Savel Rădulescu">
Savel Rădulescu

Savel Rădulescu (October 19, 1885 - August 27, 1970, Bucharest) was a Romanian diplomat. He started his career in 1921 and worked as secretary of Nicolae Titulescu at the League of Nations. For his diplomatic activity he was distinguished with the Order of Malta 
He was undersecretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the following governments:
In September 1944 he was appointed Chairman of the Romanian Commission for the Application of the Armistice with the allies. He protested against the abuses of occupying forces of the Soviet Union and of the continued increase of the war reparations demanded. In 1946 he sent an official complaint to the representatives of the United States, United Kingdom and USSR. In 1946 he also was part of the Romanian delegation to the Paris Peace Conference. 
After the instauration of the communist regime, Lucrețiu Pătrășcanu, Gheorghe Gheorgiu-Dej, and Ana Pauker demanded in an ultimatum to King Michael that the "murderer" Savel Rădulescu, be at once arrested and punished (along with general Nicolae Rădescu and Iuliu Maniu). 
In 1948 he was arrested and in 1951 was sentenced to 2 years of confinement and thereafter to 8 years forced labour, for the complaint he had written in 1946. 
He died in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19463174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463174" title="Krishna Cottage">
Krishna Cottage

Krishna Cottage is a 2004 Bollywood Horror film directed by the debuting director Santram Varma. It was produced by the mother-daughter team of Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor, better known for producing Indian television soap operas. It starred Sohail Khan, Anita Hassanandani, and Ishaa Koppikar in the leading roles.
Plot.
The film opens at a function celebrating the launch of a book by Professor Siddharth Das (Rajendranath Zutshi). The professor explains that the book has nine and a half love stories; the last story is unfinished because the professor was never able to think of an ending. The professor donates a copy of the book to JC College. The college principal removes the book from the library and places it in an abandoned storeroom.
A group of close college friends all attend JC College: Manav (Sohail Khan); Shanti (Natassha), her fiancee; Kabir; Akshay (Hiten Tejwani); Nupur; and Talli(Vrajesh Hirjee). Things change however, when Disha (Isha Koppikar) arrives to the college. Disha is a stunning beauty, and catches Manav's eye. Although Manav is engaged to Shanti, he finds himself strangely drawn to Disha. Disha gradually gets close to Manav, which perturbs Shanti. Manav explains that he feels strangely "protective" of Disha but that his real love is Shanti.
Stranges, telekinetic events transpire at Manav and Shanti's engagement, one of which nearly kills Disha. When the group drives Disha home, their car breaks down and they are forced to spend the night at an old halfway house, "Krishna Cottage". The peculiar events intensify at Krishna Cottage, and two of the friends are nearly killed. Disha explains that the spirit of her dead boyfriend, Amar Khanna, is the one causing these supernatural occurrences. One day, Talli picks up Professor Siddharth Das's book and gives it to Nupur, who reads it that evening. She discovers that the book exposes something about Amar Khanna, and calls Talli in fright, but is murdered by a mysterious force. 
Talli overhears a conversation between Professor Siddharth Das and the college principal. The professor explains that the book is jinxed and brings doom. He cautions the principal that it must be destroyed. Talli goes to nupur's house but he couldn't find her then he takes the book and comes back to the home with kabir,he forgets the book in kabir's car but tells kabir to bring the book in campus and not to read the book. But kabir reads the book and comes to campus but is murdered there by someone. Talli finds the book in campus but he couidn't find kabir there.
Shanti arrives at Disha's home, wanting to confront her about Manav. She meets Disha's mother and asks for Disha. Disha's mother reveals the twist: Disha has been dead for 22 years. Stunned, Shanti runs away and is pursued by Disha's spirit, finally collapsing on the highway. When she awakens, she finds herself at the home of a noted astrologer and seance medium named Sunita Menon (Rati Agnihotri), surrounded by the rest of her friends. First Sunita performs a seance that invokes Amar's spirit but there is no such spirit then she invokes Disha's spirit. The spirit works through Sunita's body and angrily exclaims its quest for the death of the kids.
Talli realizes that the secret is in the book, and runs off to retrieve it. He reads the book and learns that this is all about "Krishna Cottage".So he goes there is murdered by Disha. The friends then find that the professor Das has burnt the last few pages of the book and has also been killed by the spirit. The friends figure out it has something to do with a place at a nearby hill station. They rush there and Manav discovers a body preserved in ice. The body bears an uncanny similarity to him; this brings back a flood of visions: Manav was in fact, Amar Khanna in his previous birth. He recalls himself and Disha as students of JC College many years ago. Disha was madly in love with him, but he turned her down because he thought of her as a friend. Angry, Disha committed murders and framed Amar for it. However, Amar found the murder weapon in Disha's car. Disha crashed the car into the side of the mountain, instantly killing them both. The professor and the principal were witnesses to Amar and Disha's death. Disha has now returned as a spirit to reclaim her lost love.
Sunita suggests the only way to stop Disha: Manav and Shanti must be married (to bind their destinies together forever), as this bond is too strong for a spirit to break. The wedding ceremony commences that night, and Disha's spirit attacks the ceremony, killing Sunita Menon. Manav then agrees to go with Disha's spirit, but informs it that while the spirit may claim his body and soul, his heart and destiny belong to his wife Shanti. This finally appeases the spirit and liberates it. The film ends with Manav and Shanti happily married.
Track list.
The film's soundtrack contains 7 songs composed by Anu Malik.

</doc>
<doc id="19463189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463189" title="On Broadway Volume 1">
On Broadway Volume 1

On Broadway Volume 1 is the second album by Paul Motian to be released on the German JMT label. It was released in 1989 and features performances of Broadway show tunes by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano. The album was followed by three subsequent volumes and rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2003.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars stating "The quartet of tenorman Joe Lovano, guitarist Bill Frisell, bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Paul Motian digs into nine show tunes from the 1930s and 40s, reinventing them in colorful fashion. The key to the rewarding project is Frisell, whose versatility and wide range of highly original sounds make the overall results sound quite unique. Among the highlights of the memorable set are unusual versions of "Liza," "They Didn't Believe Me" and "Last Night When We Were Young.".

</doc>
<doc id="19463191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463191" title="1971 Winchester 400">
1971 Winchester 400

The 1971 Winchester 400 motor race, the second annual run of the Winchester 400, was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 3, 1971, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
The race.
Denny Miles of Muncie, Indiana lead 101 of the 400 laps and collected $2,128 for his win. A late race accident with Jim Blount sent Miles to the pits on lap 321, but he returned to lead the final 56 laps as he streaked to an event-record eight-lap winning margin over runner-up Carl Sommers of Indianapolis, Indiana.
Les Snow was fast-qualifier and started from the pole position, but it was Eldon Byler who led at the drop of the green flag. Snow moved to the front on lap four and showed the field the way until being passed by Jim Robinson on lap 43. Ron North took a turn in the lead on lap 68 and would hold the position until surrendering to Bill Clemons on lap 143. North would retake the top spot on lap 171 only to lose it again to Clemons on lap 264.
Miles would make his first appearance in the lead on lap 271 and would hold it until being involved in the accent 50 laps later. With Miles in the pits, Sommers moved to the top spot until Miles retook the lead on lap 354 and cruised to the win. Following Miles and Sommers across the line were Snow (with relief from Jack Shanklin), Tom Galloway, and John Sommerville.

</doc>
<doc id="19463195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463195" title="Pargasite">
Pargasite

Pargasite is a complex inosilicate mineral of the amphibole group with formula NaCa2(Mg,Fe2+)4Al(Si6Al2)O22(OH)2.
It was first described for an occurrence in Pargas, Finland in 1814 and named for the locality.
It occurs in high temperature regional metamorphic rocks and in the skarns within contact aureoles around igneous intrusions. It also occurs in andesite volcanic rocks and altered ultramafic rocks.
Pargasite is the main water-storage site in the uppermost mantle, however it becomes unstable at depths greater than 90 km. This has significant consequences for the water storage capacity, and the solidus temperature of the lherzolite of the upper mantle.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19463198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463198" title="Apprenticeship learning">
Apprenticeship learning

Apprenticeship learning, or apprenticeship via inverse reinforcement learning (AIRP), is a concept in the field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning, developed by Pieter Abbeel, Assistant Professor in Berkeley's EECS department, and Andrew Ng, Associate Professor in Stanford University's Computer Science Department. AIRP deals with "Markov decision process where we are not explicitly given a reward function, but where instead we can observe an expert demonstrating the task that we want to learn to perform"
AIRP concept is closely related to reinforcement learning (RL) that is a sub-area of Machine learning concerned with how an "agent" ought to take "actions" in an "environment" so as to maximize some notion of long-term "reward". AIRP algorithms are used when the reward function is unknown. The algorithms use observations of the behavior of an expert to teach the "agent" the optimal "actions" in certain states of the "environment".
AIRP is a special case of the general area of Learning from Demonstration (LfD), where the goal is to learn a complex task by observing a set of expert traces (demonstrations). AIRP is the intersection of LfD and RL.

</doc>
<doc id="19463216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463216" title="Sivashri Kungaraja Kurukkal">
Sivashri Kungaraja Kurukkal

Sivashri Kungaraja Kurukkal was the head pandit of the Koneswaram temple of Trincomalee, Sri Lanka who was shot dead by suspected Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) gunmen on September 21, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19463248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463248" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres T13

The Men's 1,500m T13 had its first round held on September 10, beginning at 21:14 and the Final on September 13 at 20:20.

</doc>
<doc id="19463280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463280" title="Cameron Carpenter">
Cameron Carpenter

Cameron Carpenter (born April 18, 1981) is an American organist known for his virtuosity, showmanship, technique and arrangements for the organ.
Biography.
Carpenter has bachelor's and master's degrees from The Juilliard School in New York, having studied with Gerre Hancock, John Weaver, and Paul Jacobs. Though he is not religious, Carpenter was from 2008 to 2009 the artist-in-residence at Middle Collegiate Church in New York's East Village, where he played a four-manual virtual pipe organ that he designed for the broad ranging music of that church. Carpenter ended his residency in July 2009.
A champion of virtual pipe organs, Carpenter has been referred to as "extraordinary," "the most controversial organist in the world," and "meshing virtuosity with musical intelligence," while also attracting criticism.
Recordings.
Early in 2008, Telarc signed Carpenter to an exclusive five-album recording contract. His Telarc debut album, "Revolutionary", was recorded as a CD and DVD at Trinity Church Wall Street in New York City and released September 23, 2008. The title comes from Carpenter's transcription of Chopin's "Revolutionary Etude." The album made Carpenter the first organist ever to receive a Grammy nomination in the category Best Solo Instrumental Performance (without orchestra) for a solo album. His first commercial album was a 2006 CD/DVD, "Pictures at an Exhibition," on SeeMusicDVD. It includes his arrangement of the programmatic piano work by Modest Mussorgsky, and his own improvisatory "New York City Sessions." Visuals for the Mussorgsky were created by Marshall Yaeger and his Kaleidoplex. The recording was made at Trinity Church, New York.
An "early" recording, made in 2005 and financed by the Allen Organ Company, was titled "notes from the underground". This recording was a highly unusual project for Allen, as Carpenter was given near-complete artistic control of the album, selection of the program, and even oversight of graphic design (featuring location shots of Carpenter at famous New York City graffiti sites). This album was not reissued by Allen and is now a rarity.
On June 1, 2010, Telarc issued in the U.S. Carpenter's newest recording project, a two-disc set with a CD carrying a J.S. Bach recital that had been recorded live at a recital he played in the Church of St. Mary the Virgin in New York City, and a DVD containing a full studio recital program with narration by Carpenter, as well as video clips from other live recital programs.
Work.
Carpenter has been both criticized by some and praised by others for his unorthodox interpretations of the standard organ repertoire. Registrations rarely follow those suggested by the composer, and Carpenter often takes dramatic liberties in articulation. Carpenter is also noted for his advocacy of the digital organ, particularly development of a touring virtual pipe organ, citing factors such as the obstacles the pipe organ imposes on the ability of a traveling performer to enjoy an ongoing relationship with a single instrument in the same manner as many other instrumentalists. Despite this, he frequently performs on pipe organs, often garnering major exposure for the instrument.
Personal life.
In an interview with "The Advocate", Carpenter was identified as "queer" — a term often used to encompass one or more non-heterosexual orientations. “While my first love was a boy and I’ve had numerous male lovers, I also love women,” Carpenter said. In a Sunday, November 15, 2009 Arts & Leisure full-page interview with "The New York Times" ("In Concert: Talent, Style and Sequins" by Vivien Schweitzer), Carpenter "describes his sexuality as 'radically inclusive.'"

</doc>
<doc id="19463298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463298" title="Estonian Culture Film">
Estonian Culture Film

The Estonian Culture Film () was a state-subsidized movie studio established in Estonia in 1931 by the Ministry of Culture. During the first years of existence the studio mostly distributed films.
The foundation for the professional Estonian film industry was created by training filmmakers in Germany from where also the professional production equipment for the studio was purchased. The studio's sound equipment from the 1930s is preserved in the Estonian Film Archives and is still in good working order even today.
In 1936 Culture Film was transferred under the authority of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, at the same time the Estonian Film Archives were established. Thanks to the state archive many of the movies produced by the Culture Film from 1936 to 1940 have survived even though during World War II many film negatives were destroyed.
The Estonian Culture Film was mostly producing popular-scientific documentaries that recorded every day life in Estonia. The titles of movies included "Aviation show in Tallinn 28.08.1938", "International Sailing Yacht Race in Tallinn 10.-12. July 1938", "Views of Beautiful Viljandimaa", "Tallinn Before and Now", "Pictures of Saku", etc.
Some of the major filmmakers working for the Estonian Culture Film was Konstantin Märska. and Theodor Luts.

</doc>
<doc id="19463368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463368" title="Pontypool (film)">
Pontypool (film)

Pontypool is a 2009 psychological thriller directed by Bruce McDonald and adapted by Tony Burgess from Burgess' novel "Pontypool Changes Everything".
Plot.
In the small town of Pontypool, Ontario, former shock jock turned radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives through a blizzard on his way to work. When poor visibility forces him to stop his car, an underdressed woman appears on the road, startling him. Grant calls out to her, but she disappears into the storm, ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him. Grant eventually arrives at the radio station, where he works with technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond and station manager Sydney Briar.
As the morning proceeds, Grant's on-air persona irritates Sydney. They get a report from their helicopter reporter Ken Loney (which Sydney reveals to Grant is a man on a hill with sound effects mimicking a helicopter) about a possible riot at the office of a Dr. Mendez. He describes a scene of chaos and carnage that results in numerous deaths. After Ken is unexpectedly cut off, the group tries to confirm his report, but their witnesses are disconnected before they can put them on the airwaves. Ken calls back and reports that he has found the "infected" son of a well-known citizen nearby, who is mumbling to himself. Before Ken can hear what the son is saying, the call is again cut off, this time by a startling transmission of garbled French.
The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, phrases that conflict, or the English language. Pontypool is declared to be under quarantine. Ken then manages to call back, this time close enough for Grant and the women to hear the infected son's mumbling, which is nothing but "Mommy" in a child's voice. In confusion and disbelief, Grant tries to leave the station, but a horde of people attack, and Grant, Sydney, and Laurel-Ann lock themselves in. Meanwhile, Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior. She fixates on the word "missing," repeating it over and over, then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle. Dr. Mendez enters the studio and Grant, Sydney, and Mendez lock themselves in Grant's soundproof booth.
Mendez explains his theory: somehow a virus has found its way into human language, infecting certain words, and only certain words infect certain people. Once these infected words are said and understood, the virus takes hold of the host. As he explains, Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams against the sound booth's window, chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack. Ken calls in again and, while on the air, he also succumbs to the apparent virus, repeating the word "sample."
Outside the booth, Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down, dead. Mendez suspects this has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection on to a new host. The horde then breaks into the radio station, attacking the sound booth. Sydney records a loop of Grant saying "Sydney Briar is alive" and plays it over the station's outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away. Dr. Mendez begins to repeat the word "breathe" but immediately begins speaking in Armenian, which stifles, but not eliminates, the symptoms. Mendez surmises that it is only the English language that was affected by the virus. Grant and Sydney, speaking in French, leave him alone in the booth. They are nearly killed when the recording fails and the mob returns, but Mendez successfully lures them away from the studio.
Feeling guilty for killing an infected young girl, Sydney begins to succumb to the word "kill". Grant then attempts to "disinfect" Sydney by convincing her that the word "kill" now means "kiss". He urges her to repeat "Kill is kiss" over and over again, and her symptoms subside. She tells Grant to "kill" her—he then proceeds to kiss her. Armed with knowledge on how to stop the virus, the pair go on the air, spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners, ignoring warnings from the authorities who are trying to get them off the air. While an amplified voice from outside counts down from ten, Sydney joins Grant in the booth and they kiss once again. As the countdown finishes, the screen goes dark and the credits roll.
Audio vox pops and broadcasts play over the credits, reporting further outbreaks of the virus, suggesting that the quarantine failed. After the credits, the scene shifts to a radically different view: a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in what looks like a far-eastern atmosphere. As Grant describes his plan to "get out of here", the picture gradually shifts into color.
Production.
"Pontypool" is based on Tony Burgess' novel "Pontypool Changes Everything". Burgess adapted the material for the screen himself. According to McDonald, the writer hashed out a script in 48 hours. Orson Welles' infamous radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds" inspired the approach that they decided to take. It was simultaneously produced as a motion picture and a radio play.
Filming took place in Toronto, Ontario and on location in Pontypool itself.
At "Rue Morgue"s 2008 Festival of Fear expo, director Bruce McDonald stressed the victims of the virus detailed in the film were not zombies and called them "conversationalists". He described the stages of the disease:There are three stages to this virus. The first stage is you might begin to repeat a word. Something gets stuck. And usually it's words that are terms of endearment like sweetheart or honey. The second stage is your language becomes scrambled and you can't express yourself properly. The third stage you become so distraught at your condition that the only way out of the situation you feel, as an infected person, is to try and chew your way through the mouth of another person.
Release.
"Rue Morgue" and "ChiZine Publications" held a special screening of "Pontypool" on 3 December 2009 at the Toronto Underground Cinema. After the screening, it featured a Q&A with Stephen McHattie, Lisa Houle, and Tony Burgess.
The film was released theatrically in Canada on March 6, 2009. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 25 January 2010.
Reception.
"Pontypool" received generally positive reviews from critics, currently holding an 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes; the consensus states: "Witty and restrained but still taut and funny, this "Pontypool" is a different breed of low-budget zombie film." On Metacritic, which uses an average of critics' reviews, the film has a rating of 54/100, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

</doc>
<doc id="19463374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463374" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T11">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres T11

The Men's 5,000m T11 had its Final held on September 9 at 19:20.

</doc>
<doc id="19463378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463378" title="Doug Hudson">
Doug Hudson

Benjamin Douglas Hudson (born September 11, 1964 in Memphis, Texas) is a former professional American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played collegiate football at Nicholls State University. Hudson is best known for a one-play gaffe resulting in a safety. It is the only recorded statistic of his career. 
Hudson, selected by Kansas City in the 1987 NFL Draft, was the last quarterback drafted by the Chiefs to start a game until Brodie Croyle started in 2007. Hudson was one of five quarterbacks to start a game for the Chiefs in 1987 following a strike by the National Football League Players Association.
Hudson played only five minutes in his only game against the Denver Broncos, and he threw one pass for an incompletion. He was tackled by the Broncos' Jim Ryan, and fumbled the hand-off in the end zone. Hudson recovered the ball but it was recorded as a safety. The next time the Chiefs had the ball, Hudson was replaced at quarterback by Matt Stevens and Hudson never played another game in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="19463390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463390" title="Totally Crushed Out!">
Totally Crushed Out!

Totally Crushed Out! is the second studio album from That Dog (stylized as that dog.), released in 1995 on DGC Records. The recording is a loosely-based concept album about love and crushes, featuring an album cover that resembles artwork from the "Sweet Valley High" young adult book series. This theme is further demonstrated within the rest of the albums' layout. The tracks are listed as a table of contents with song lyrics broken up into chapters, while photos of the band appear under a "About the Authors" section, with a short biography on each member. The albums' back cover features a brief synopsis of a fictitious story, that includes the song titles in their playing order within the text:
The album would spawn the single "He's Kissing Christian," with a music video by Frank Sacramento, who also directed videos for The Breeders and Redd Kross. "Totally Crushed Out" also includes the bands' longest song, "Rockstar," clocking it at well over seven minutes.
Totally Crushed Out magazine was inspired by this record. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Anna Waronker except where noted.
References.
'

</doc>
<doc id="19463402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463402" title="Scone Airport">
Scone Airport

Scone Airport, is a public airport in the Upper Hunter Valley, northwest of Scone, Australia. It was built to provide a public aerodrome replacing Nandowra aerodrome on located on "Nandowra", approx. 9km south of Scone.
History.
In 1937, No. 3 Squadron RAAF aircraft, including Hawker Demon and Avro Anson, together with an Aerodrome Defence Crew camped at Nandowra Aerodrome.
During World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force utilised Nandowra Aerodrome as an emergency landing ground.
Between 1988 and 2001, Yanda Airlines based an aircraft and pilots at Scone to operate commuter flights to Sydney via Singleton and Maitland. The company's fleet of PA-31 aircraft were also maintained by Scone Aircraft Maintenance at the airport until Yanda's grounding by the Civil Aviation Safety Authority.
Current facilities.
There are currently no airlines serving Scone.
The airport is home to several businesses providing a range of services. These include:
Scone Aero Club, a social club and Ultralight Flight Training Facility approved to conduct Recreational Aviation Australia instructor training and which organised the "Warbirds Over Scone" series of Airshows in 1998, 2001 and 2003;
Pay's Air Charter & Pay's Warbird Museum 
Airspeed Aviation, an Air Charter operator and flying school; 
Neva-Part Welding, an approved aviation welding workshop;
Scone Aircraft Maintenance, an approved aircraft maintenance facility; and
AirPasture, an aerial application business.
In 2010, an agreement between the Upper Hunter Shire, State Government and local business owners secured up to $2 million in funding to update and expand the airport facilities. The upgrades include improved drainage, a runway extension and a new taxiway. The runway extension was completed by May 2011. The Upper Hunter Shire has expressed an interest in attracting commuter airline services to the upgraded airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19463418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463418" title="Rebecca Lynn">
Rebecca Lynn

"Rebecca Lynn" is a song co-written by Skip Ewing and Don Sampson, and recorded by American country music singer Bryan White. It was released in September 1995 as the fourth and final single from his self-titled debut album. The song reached a peak of Number One on the "Billboard" country charts in early 1996, giving White his second Number One.
Content.
"Rebecca Lynn" is a mid-tempo country ballad in which the narrator recalls a female named Rebecca Lynn, a "quiet girl with green eyes full of fire" with whom he fell in love in second grade. The first verse and chorus follow them through elementary school as they play together. In the second verse, they learn in high school "what it really means to be in love" and eventually get engaged after the prom. By the third verse, the two have married and had a child named Laura Jean together as well.
At Music Fest '96, White sang the song to Rebecca Lynn Rushing, a fan of his who was then six years old. The song also won White the TNN/Music City News award for Single of the Year.
Critical reception.
Tom Lanham of "New Country" magazine favorably compared White's delivery on the song to that of Vince Gill, calling the song "lazy small-town reminiscence".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Jeffrey C. Phillips and premiered in late 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19463433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463433" title="Christian Pander">
Christian Pander

Christian Pander (born 28 August 1983 in Münster) is a German footballer who currently plays for Hannover 96. His position is left back. He is known for his powerful left-foot free-kicks and willingness to burst up the left wing.
Career.
Club career.
Pander is a product of the Schalke 04 youth system and has been part of the senior squad since 2004. He made his Bundesliga debut on 6 August 2004 in a 1–0 away loss to Werder Bremen. His career has been plagued with injuries. He missed the entire 2005–06 and 2009–10 seasons due to serious injuries. Pander's last competitive game for Schalke was on 10 May 2009 where he injured his knee against Borussia Mönchengladbach and had to be taken off in the 16th minute.
Pander agreed to join league rival Hannover 96 from Schalke on 19 June 2011, signing a one-year contract.
International career.
Pander has been capped twice for his country. He scored on his debut for Germany on 22 August 2007, a powerful strike from roughly 25 yards against England. With Gary Lineker proclaiming post match that Pander "Eats, Shoots and Leaves". The game ended with Germany winning 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="19463459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463459" title="Hubert Stanley Wall">
Hubert Stanley Wall

Hubert Stanley Wall (December 2, 1902 – September 12, 1971)
was an American mathematician who worked primarily in the field of continued fractions. He is also known as one of the leading proponents of the Moore method of teaching.
Early life and education.
Wall was born in Rockwell City, Iowa on December 2, 1902. He received the Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degrees from Cornell College in Mount Vernon, Iowa in 1924. He received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Wisconsin (now University of Wisconsin–Madison) in 1927.
Career.
Upon receiving his Ph.D. Wall joined the faculty at Northwestern University and stayed until 1944 except for the academic year 1938–1939 when he was at the Institute for Advanced Study. He then went to the Illinois Institute of Technology for two years before moving in 1946 to the University of Texas where he spent the rest of his career. He became an emeritus professor in 1970.
Most of Wall's mathematical research was in various aspects of the analytic theory of continued fractions. This included the theory of positive-definite continued fractions, convergence results for continued fractions, parabola theorems, Hausdorff moments, and Hausdorff summability. He studied the polynomials now named Wall polynomials after him. 
While at Northwestern he started a collaboration with Ernst Hellinger, and he was very interested in Hellinger integrals throughout his career, but did publish anything on them. 
While at Texas Wall was a prominent practitioner of the Moore method of teaching. Parker wrote, "Wall had long ago thrown himself wholeheartedly into the Moore tradition, with his own interpretation of the Moore method, and there was a good deal of cross pollination of students through their courses, some steered to the PhD by Moore and others by Wall and Ettlinger. Between them, they continued to dominate PhD guidance in Pure Mathematics throughout the 1950s and 1960s." The University of Texas memorial to Wall suggests that he may have picked up some of these ideas at Northwestern from Van Vleck and Hellinger and says, "Since there were already people on the Texas faculty who had used innovative techniques (chiefly Robert Lee Moore and some of his colleagues), Wall tried their methods. For him and for his students it was an unqualified success." 
Wall died in Austin on September 12, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19463481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463481" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10000 metres">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 10000 metres

The Men's 10,000m T12 had its Final held on September 14 at 18:53.

</doc>
<doc id="19463493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463493" title="Jim Lindeman">
Jim Lindeman

James William Lindeman is a former Major League Baseball player. He played mostly in the outfield and at first base, appearing in parts of nine seasons in the majors from until .
Professional career.
He was the St. Louis Cardinals' first-round draft pick in the 1983 Major League Baseball Draft out of Bradley University. In 1986, he led the AAA Louisville Redbirds with 82 runs, 38 doubles, 20 home runs, and a league-leading 96 RBIs. He made his major league debut with the Cardinals in 1986, and played with them through the season. He saw the most playing time of his major league career in , setting career highs in games played (75), at bats (207), hits (43), home runs (8) and RBI (28).
Over the next five seasons he played for four different teams, never playing in more than 75 games in a season in his career. His final professional season was spent with the minor league Oklahoma City 89ers, a Texas Rangers farm team, in .
Personal life.
Lindeman currently lives in Elk Grove Village, Illinois with his wife and four children. He teaches P.E. at Rolling Meadows High School and coaches the baseball team and the freshmen basketball B team.

</doc>
<doc id="19463500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463500" title="1996 Miami Dolphins season">
1996 Miami Dolphins season

The 1996 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 31st as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 9–7, winning only eight games. The team failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time in three seasons.
Offseason.
Following the 1995 season head coach Don Shula announced his retirement from coaching, having spent 26 straight seasons with the Dolphins. Jimmy Johnson, quit Dallas after winning Super Bowls XXVII and XXVIII, was hired as only the third head coach in Dolphins history.
Season summary.
Johnson and the Dolphins endured a rough season, winning their first three games before losing two straight. On October 27 the Dolphins hosted the Cowboys with both teams 4–3 in one of the most anticipated games of the regular season; the Cowboys rallied and won handily 29–10, and Cowboys coach Barry Switzer declared that no Dolphins player (even quarterback Dan Marino) could start on his Cowboys squad. The Dolphins won twice in the next two weeks but then lost three straight, ending any playoff hopes despite winning their final two games and finishing 8–8.

</doc>
<doc id="19463518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463518" title="Bill Evans (album)">
Bill Evans (album)

Bill Evans is an album by Paul Motian on the German JMT label. It was released in 1990 and features nine compositions by Motian's former employer Bill Evans performed by Motian with Bill Frisell, Joe Lovano and Marc Johnson. The album was reissued in 2002 on the Winter & Winter label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook awarded the album 4½ stars stating "This is one of the best releases of the handful Motian has done with Lovano and Frisell, and certainly as fine a tribute record as there is. A good purchase for fans of both Bill Evans and Paul Motian".

</doc>
<doc id="19463565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463565" title="Pro se legal representation in the United States">
Pro se legal representation in the United States

"Pro se" legal representation ( or ) means advocating on one's own behalf before a court, rather than being represented by a lawyer. This may occur in any court proceeding, whether one is the defendant or plaintiff in civil cases, and when one is a defendant in criminal cases. "Pro se" is a Latin phrase meaning "for oneself" or "on one's own behalf". This status is sometimes known as propria persona (abbreviated to "pro per"). In England and Wales the comparable status is that of "litigant in person".
In the United States, many state court systems and the federal courts are experiencing an increasing proportion of "pro se" litigants. According to the National Center for State Courts 2006 report, estimates of the "pro se" rate of family law overall averaged 67% in California, 73% in Florida's large counties, and 70% in some Wisconsin counties. In San Diego, for example, the number of divorce filings involving at least one "pro se" litigant rose from 46% in 1992 to 77% in 2000, in Florida from 66% in 1999 to 73% in 2001. California reports in 2001 that over 50% of family matters filings in custody and visitation are by "pro se" litigants. In the U.S. Federal Court system for the year 2010 approximately 26% of actions filed, 93% of prisoner petitions and 10.5% of non-prisoner petitions were filed by "pro se" litigants. Defendants in political trials tend to participate in the proceedings more than defendants in non-political cases, as they may have greater ability to depart from courtroom norms to speak to political and moral issues.
History.
The right of a party to a legal action to represent his or her own cause has long been recognized in the United States, and even predates the ratification of the Constitution.
The Supreme Court noted that "n the federal courts, the right of self-representation has been protected by statute since the beginnings of our Nation. Section 35 of the Judiciary Act of 1789, 1 Stat. 73, 92, enacted by the First Congress and signed by President Washington one day before the Sixth Amendment was proposed, provided that 'in all the courts of the United States, the parties may plead and manage their own causes personally or by the assistance of counsel.'"
In "Faretta v. California", the Supreme Court of the United States held that criminal defendants have a constitutional right to refuse counsel and represent themselves in state criminal proceedings.
Rules.
Most U.S. states have a constitutional provision that either expressly or by interpretation allows individuals to represent their own causes in the courts of that state. In many instances, state constitutional provisions regarding the right to petition the government for redress of grievances have been so interpreted.
The U.S. Judiciary Act, the Code of Conduct for United States Judges, the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the Federal Rules of Evidence and the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure address the rights of the self-represented litigant in several places.
Section 1654 of title 28 of the United States Code provides: "In all courts of the United States the parties may plead and conduct their own cases personally or by counsel as, by the rules of such courts, respectively, are permitted to manage and conduct causes therein."
Laws and organizations charged with regulating judicial conduct may also impact "pro se" litigants. For example, The State of California Judicial Council has addressed through published materials the need of the Judiciary to act in the interests of fairness to self-represented litigants. The California rules express a preference for resolution of every case on the merits, even if resolution requires excusing inadvertence by a "pro se" litigant that would otherwise result in a dismissal. The Judicial Council justifies this position based on the idea that "Judges are charged with ascertaining the truth, not just playing referee... A lawsuit is not a game, where the party with the cleverest lawyer prevails regardless of the merits." It suggests "the court should take whatever measures may be reasonable and necessary to insure a fair trial" and says "There is only one reported case in the U.S. finding a judge's specific accommodations have gone too far".The committee notes to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure rule 56 on summary judgements notes that "Many courts take extra care with pro se litigants, advising them of the need to respond and the risk of losing by summary judgment if an adequate response is not filed. And the court may seek to reassure itself by some examination of the record before granting summary judgment against a pro se litigant."
Starting November 1, 2011, the Federal Court for the Central District of California permits "pro se" litigants to receive documents electronically by an Electronic Filing Account (ECF). As of May 16, 2013, they are still prohibited from filing their documents electronically unlike litigants represented by counsel. The November 1, 2011 policy of the Central District of California is a cost-saving measure for the court. All they have to do is send in the form, have a PACER account, and provide a valid email address.
According to a June 2012 report from U.S. Courts, 18 of 94 federal district courts authorize use of ADR (Alternative Dispute Resolution) for "pro ses" and 11 authorize use of ADR by prisoner "pro ses". Thirty seven of the ninety four federal districts allow "pro se" litigants to use ECF.
Limits.
The ability of a party to proceed without an attorney in prosecuting or defending a civil action is largely a matter of state law, and may vary depending on the court and the positions of the parties.
A longstanding and widely practiced rule prohibits corporations from being represented by non-attorneys, The Wisconsin Supreme Court has stated: "A nonlawyer may not sign and file a notice of appeal on behalf of a corporation. Requiring a lawyer to represent a corporation in filing the notice does not violate the guarantee that any suitor may prosecute or defend a suit personally. A corporation is not a natural person and does not fall with in the term “any suitor.”
Similarly, a "pro se" litigant may not act as a class representative in a class action lawsuit and therefore a "pro se" litigant may not bring a class action. Furthermore, a non-attorney parent may not appear on behalf of his or her child, except to appeal the denial of social security benefits to such child.
Another situation in which appearance through counsel is often required is in a case involving the executor or personal administrator of a probate estate. Unless the executor or administrator is himself an attorney, he is not allowed to represent himself in matters other than the probate.
Some federal court of appeals allow unrepresented litigants to argue orally (even so nonargument disposition is still possible), and in all courts the percentage of cases in which argument occurs is higher for counseled cases.
The Connecticut Supreme Court narrowed criminal defendant's right to self representation, stating that "we are free to adopt for mentally ill or mentally incapacitated defendants who wish to represent themselves at trial a competency standard that differs from the standard for determining whether such a defendant is competent to stand trial". A Senior Assistant State’s Attorney explained that the new standard essentially allows judges to consider whether the defendants are competent enough to perform the skills needed to defend themselves, including composing questions for voir dire and witnesses.
Some courts issue orders against self representation in civil cases. A court enjoined a former attorney from suing the new lover of her former attorney. The Superior Court of Bergen New Jersey also issued an order against "pro se" litigation based on a number of lawsuits that were dismissed and a failure to provide income tax returns in case sanctions might issue. The Superior Court of New Jersey issued an order prohibiting a litigant from filing in federal court.
The Third Circuit however ruled that a restriction on "pro se" litigation went too far and that it could not be enforced if a litigant certified that he has new claims that were never before disposed of on the merits. The 10th Circuit ruled that before imposing filing restrictions, a district court must set forth examples of abusive filings and that if the district court did not do so, the filing restrictions must be vacated. The District of Columbia Court of Appeals wrote that "private individuals have 'a constitutional right of access to the courts', that is, the 'right to sue and defend in the courts'."
In 2011, the Federal Judicial Conference surveyed federal court clerks offices regarding "pro se" issues. They found that only 17 of 62 responding judges report that discovery is taken in most non prisoner "pro se" cases and only 13 reported that discovery is taken in most prisoner "pro se" cases. In the same survey, 37% of judges found that most "pro se"s had problems examining witnesses, while 30% found that "pro se"s had no or few problems examining witnesses. 53% found that represented parties sometimes or frequently take advantage of "pro se" parties. Only 5% reported problems of "pro se"s behaving inappropriately at hearings. Respondents to the FJC study did not report any orders against non prisoner "pro se" litigation.
Some "pro se" litigants who are federal prisoners are subject to the Prison Litigation Reform Act. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has asserted: "“For over thirteen years, the Prison Litigation Reform Act has denied access to the courts to countless prisoners who have become victims of abuse, creating a system of injustice that denies redress for prisoners alleging serious abuses, barriers that don't apply to anyone else. It is time for Congress to pass legislation to restore the courts as a needed check on prisoner abuse.” 54% of judges responding to a Federal Judicial Conference survey use videoconferences for prisoner "pro se" hearings.
In criminal court.
"Pro se" representation presents unique but not insurmountable challenges for claimants and the legal system. In Louisiana, for instance, the Louisiana Court of Appeals tracks the results of "pro se" appeals against represented appeals. In 2000, 7% of writs in civil appeals submitted to the court "pro se" were granted, compared to 46% of writs submitted by counsel. In criminal cases the ratio is closer - 34% of "pro se" writs were granted, compared with 45% of writs submitted by counsel. According to Erica J. Hashimoto, an assistant professor at the Georgia School of Law,:
“After conducting an empirical study of "pro se" felony defendants, I conclude that these defendants are not necessarily either ill-served by the decision to represent themselves or mentally ill….In state court, "pro se" defendants charged with felonies fared as well as, and arguably significantly better than, their represented counterparts…of the 234 "pro se" defendants for whom an outcome was provided, just under 50 percent of them were convicted on any charge….for represented state court defendants, by contrast, a total of 75 percent were convicted of some charge…. Only 26 percent of the "pro se" defendants ended up with felony convictions, while 63 percent of their represented counterparts were convicted of felonies…in federal court…the acquittal rate for "pro se" defendants is virtually identical to the acquittal rate for represented defendants.”
Since an independent evaluation of the cases is difficult, this study can by design not distinguish whether defendants without representation face a greater challenge or whether defendants are more likely to choose representation when in doubt of the merit of their case.
In civil court.
There is evidence that self-representation is common in Civil Cases:
Reasons.
According to the 1996 report on "pro se" by University of Maryland Law School, 57% of "pro se" said they could not afford a lawyer, 18% said they did not wish to spend the money to hire a lawyer, 21% said they believed that their case was simple and therefore they did not need an attorney. Also, ABA Legal Needs Study shows that 45% of "pro se" believe that “Lawyers are more concerned with their own self promotion than their client’s best interest.”
Defendants who choose to appear "pro se" may do so because they believe they may gain tactical advantages against the prosecutor, such as obtaining sympathy from the jury, the opportunity to personally address the jury and witnesses. "Pro se" appearances may also delay the trial proceedings and enhance the possibility of a mistrial and a subsequent appeal.
Self-representation by attorneys.
An attorney who represents himself or herself in a matter is still considered a "pro se" litigant. Self-representation by attorneys has frequently been the subject of criticism, disapproval, or satire, with the most famous pronouncement on the issue being British poet Samuel Johnson's aphorism that "the attorney who represents himself in court has a fool for a client."
Attorney fees.
The Supreme Court has held that where a statute permits attorney's fees to be awarded to the prevailing party, the attorney who prevails in a case brought under a federal statute as a "pro se" litigant is not entitled to an award of attorney's fees. This ruling was based on the Court's determination that such statutes contemplate an attorney-client relationship between the party and the attorney prosecuting or defending the case, and that Congress intends to encourage litigants to seek the advice of a competent and detached third party. As the Court noted, the various Circuit Courts had previously agreed in various rulings "that a "pro se" litigant who is "not" a lawyer is "not" entitled to attorney's fees".
Narrow exceptions to this principle have also been suggested by other courts in the United States. For example, according to one district court a state-licensed attorney who is acting as "pro se" may collect attorney's fees when he represents a class (of which he is a member) in a class action lawsuit, or according to another court represents a law firm of which he is a member. In each of those instances, a non-attorney would be barred from conducting the representation altogether. One district court found that this policy does not prevent a "pro se" attorney from recovering fees paid for consultations with outside counsel. "Pro se" who are not state-licensed attorneys cannot bring up a class action lawsuit.
It is important for "pro se" plaintiffs to remember that Federal courts can impose liability for the prevailing party's attorney fees to the losing party, if the judge considers the case frivolous or for purpose of harassment, even when the case was voluntarily dismissed. In the case of "Fox v. Vice", U.S. Supreme Court held that reasonable attorneys' fees could be awarded to the defendant under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1988, but only for costs that the defendant would not have incurred "but for the frivolous claims." Unless there is an actual trial or judgment, if there is only pre-trial motion practice such as motions to dismiss, attorney fee shifting can only be awarded under FRCP Rule 11 and it requires a that the opposing party file a Motion for Sanctions and that the court issue an order identifying the sanctioned conduct and the basis for the sanction. "Pro se" still has a right to appeal any order for sanctions in the higher court. In the state courts, however, each party is generally responsible only for its own attorney fees, with certain exceptions.
Resources.
According to Utah Judicial Council report of 2006, 80 percent of self-represented people coming to the district court clerk’s office seek additional help before coming to the courthouse. About 60 percent used the court’s Web site, 19 percent sought help from a friend or relative, 11 percent from the court clerk, and 7 percent went to the library. In the justice courts, 59 percent sought no help.
Many "pro se" resources come from these sources: local courts, which may offer limited self-help assistance; public interest groups, such as the American Bar Association, which sponsors reform and promotes resources for self-help, and commercial services, which sell pre-made forms allowing self-represented parties to have formally correct documents. For example, SelfHelpSupport.org is an organization with a web site "dedicated to issues related to self-represented litigation". The organization provides no assistance with particular complaints. "Self-help" legal service providers must take care not to cross the line into giving advice, in order to avoid "unauthorized practice of law", which in the U.S. is the unlawful act of a non-lawyer practicing law.
The American Bar Association (ABA) has also been involved with issues related to self-representation. In 2008, the Louis M. Brown Award for Legal Access was presented to the Chicago-Kent College of Law Center for Access to Justice & Technology for making justice more accessible to the public through the use of the Internet in teaching, legal practice and public access to the law. Their A2J Author Project is a software tool that empowers those from the courts, legal services programs and educational institutions to create guided interviews resulting in document assembly, electronic filing and data collection. Viewers using A2J to go through a guided interview are led down a virtual pathway to the courthouse. As they answer simple questions about their legal issue, the technology then “translates” the answers to create, or assemble, the documents that are needed for filing with the court.
An ABA publication lists "organizations involved in "pro se" issues" as including (in addition to the ABA itself) the American Judicature Society, the National Center for State Courts, and the State Justice Institute.
States have organizations dedicated to delivering services to "pro se" litigants. For instance, the Minnesota Bar Association has a "pro se implementation committee".
United States federal courts created the Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system to obtain case and docket information from the United States district courts, United States courts of appeals, and United States bankruptcy courts. The system, managed by the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, allows lawyers and self-represented clients to obtain documents entered in the case much faster than regular mail. Several federal courts published general guidelines for "pro se" litigants and Civil Rights complaint forms.
There are also freely accessible web search engines to assist "pro se" in finding court decisions that can be cited as an example or analogy to resolve similar questions of law. Google Scholar is the biggest database of full text state and federal courts decisions that can be accessed without charge. These web search engines often allow "pro se" to select specific state courts to search.
Many federal courts publish procedural guides for "pro se" litigants. Many state courts also publish procedural guides for "pro se" litigants.
There are also guides for judges as to how to be fair and responsible when one or more party is "pro se".

</doc>
<doc id="19463608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463608" title="R/GA">
R/GA

R/GA is an American international advertising agency headquartered in New York — with additional offices in Austin, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, London, São Paulo, Buenos Aires, Singapore, Sydney, Stockholm and Bucharest. The agency is part of the Interpublic Group of Companies, one of four global advertising holding companies. R/GA creates advertising and marketing products based in technology and design.
History.
R/GA, formerly R/Greenberg Associates, was founded in 1977, by two brothers, Richard and Robert (Bob) Greenberg with $15,000 of capital. Richard was the designer, while Robert was the producer and cameraman. It has restructured its business model every nine years due to the CEO's belief in numerology. The company has morphed from a computer-assisted film-making company, to a digital studio, to an interactive advertising agency, an advertising agency with a digital focus and beginning in 2012, product innovation and consulting.
1977–1985: computer-assisted film making.
R/GA was founded as a design company that focused on motion graphics, live-action film, and video production. By incorporating computers into the film-making process, R/GA created the first integrated computer-assisted production process. The company became known for creating the opening title sequence for "Superman" in 1978. R/GA’s commercial work also includes trailers, special effects, and promotions for feature films like, "Alien", "Xanadu", "Zelig", "The World According to Garp", "Altered States", "Weird Science", "Predator", "Beverly Hills Cop", and "Ghostbusters".
1986–1994: digital studio.
R/GA created a digital studio that combined three separate media—print, television commercials, and feature films—under one roof. During the period R/GA was doing this, its body of work spanned approximately 400 feature films, including "The Untouchables", "Seven", "Braveheart", "Silence of the Lambs", "Home Alone", "Goodfellas", "Die Hard", and "Dirty Dancing", and 4,000 television commercials, including Diet Coke and Reebok. In 1986, R/GA won a technical Academy Award, and Richard Greenberg left the company to pursue other interests.
1995–2003: interactive advertising agency.
In its third nine-year cycle, R/GA changed into an interactive advertising agency and secured IBM as a client. At the time, IBM was consolidating advertising agencies and selected R/GA to redesign the company's five-million-page website. The agency also developed websites for companies such as Levi Strauss & Co. and Ellis Island Museum. In 2001, R/GA expanded its client roster by becoming the Interactive Agency of Record for Nike and Verizon in 2003. The agency also started a retail practice and built location-based interactive displays for the flagship Original Levi's Store in New York City in 1996.
2004-2011.
R/GA changed its agency model to account for the changing business needs of its clients in the digital age. The agency expanded globally, and built a more diverse offering including mobile, social, digital advertising, and brand development. R/GA also created digital marketing options for its clients and developed the Nike+ platform. The agency expanded its client roster to include Nokia (2004), L'Oréal Paris (2006), Walmart (2009), MasterCard (2009), Ameriprise Financial (2009), and Taco Bell (2009).
2011 onwards.
In 2011 the "New York Times" reported the company would begin to offer clients event marketing and data visualization services followed by the additions of consulting and product innovation in 2012. Bob Greenberg felt that the company had become too large to manage and so decided to split the company into groups of 150 people. The "Financial Times" reported that Greenberg planned to expand the company into new countries through hiring people to establish new offices rather than acquiring existing businesses.
Notable creative work.
Superman (1978).
Created the opening title sequence for "Superman" by visually enhancing each name so it appears to be flying into the screen. The visual imagery and special effects developed for this film launched R/GA (then known as R/Greenberg Associates) as a visual-effects company.
Nike+ (2006).
Created an online brand platform that gives runners a tool to record, track, and share their running data. Nike+ connects runners to an online community and archives their training history to measure progress over time. In 2007, Nike+ won top honors at six separate shows, including Titanium and Cyber Grand Prix awards at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival, Black Pencil at D&AD, GRANDY at The International ANDY Awards, Grand Clio at The Clio Awards, and Best of Show at One Show Interactive. In 2009, "Adweek" named Nike+ "Digital Campaign of the Decade”, "Campaign" named it the "number one digital ad of the Noughties", and "Advertising Age" named it one of the “best non-TV campaigns of the decade."
Awards.
R/GA has received industry honors including "Adweek's" "Digital Agency of the Decade" and "Digital Agency of the Year" in 2009. "Adweek" also named R/GA its Digital/Interactive Agency of the Year in 2008, 2006, 2004, 2002, and 2000.
"Advertising Age" chose R/GA as one of its "Agencies of the Decade" in 2009 and featured the agency on its "Digital A-List" in 2009, 2008 and 2007. R/GA was also selected as "OMMA'"s "Digital Agency of the Year" for 2009 and "Creativity"’s "Interactive Agency of the Year" for 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19463617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463617" title="Ni no Kuni">
Ni no Kuni

The North American and European PlayStation 3 versions are published by Namco Bandai Games and include both English and Japanese voice tracks. Due to problems in translation of the magic book, there are no plans to localize the Nintendo DS version. Despite this, a collector's edition of the PlayStation 3 version that contains the translated book was released alongside the standard edition.
Gameplay.
In the Nintendo DS version, the player takes part in battles using the magic book given to him by Drippy, which contains various spells that are activated using drawings with the stylus. During battles, players can arrange their characters anywhere on the bottom screen to implement various tactics. For example, a character that can block certain attacks can be placed in front of the others to shield them.
In the PlayStation 3 version of the game, the player explores towns, villages, dungeons, and dangerous places scattered throughout the other world. Players can also travel between the other world and Oliver's hometown of Motorville in his home world by using the Gateway spell. Upon leaving a town or a dangerous place, the player will enter the world map. Here, Oliver can explore or go to the next destination on his quest; various forms of transport gradually become available to help travel around the world more easily. The errands that can be undertaken at the request of townspeople and the bounty hunts available from the Taskmaster are collectively known as "tasks". When tasks are completed, players will earn a number of stamps for their current merit stamp card, which can be exchanged for upgrades.
The game's battle mode begins when the player encounters an enemy, and can also occur during certain special events. When all enemies are defeated, the player receives experience points, money, and may also receive items. If enough experience is earned, characters' levels will increase, and their abilities improve; if all characters die or are petrified, the game is over. Players can command a single human ally, or one of the familiars accompanying them. Central to the gameplay, familiars are creatures that can be sent out by a character in battle to fight for the player. Familiars level up and evolve alongside the human characters; each have unique stats and capabilities, and can be guided through their upgrades with treats and equipped with items. Players can use Esther to tame creatures in order to make them familiars, while special treats known as "drops" can be used to evolve a familiar to a more advanced form.
The Nintendo DS version includes a book that is supposed to represent Oliver's magic book from the game, while the PlayStation 3 version allows the player to access all pages of the magic book directly from the main menu. In it, players can find a bestiary, short stories that offer game hints, alchemy recipes, and other information to assist players in advancing.
Story.
"Ni no Kuni" follows the journey of Oliver, a resident of Motorville. While trying out a new vehicle designed by his friend Philip, Oliver almost drowns, but is saved by his Mother, Allie; however, she immediately dies from heart problems after saving him. As Oliver cries, his tears cause his doll, a gift from his mother, to come to life and reveal itself as a fairy named Drippy, who tells Oliver that he is from another world where an evil wizard named Shadar took control. He also tells Oliver that each person from his world has a "soulmate", a person that shares a link with someone in Oliver's world, and that his mother looks very much like a great sage, Alicia, who was captured by Shadar. Realising that Alicia must have been Allie's soulmate, Oliver sets out with Drippy to travel to the other world and rescue Alicia in the hope that doing so will bring Allie back in his world.
In the other world, Oliver finds a multitude of broken-hearted people affected by Shadar, and uses his new-found magic abilities to restore those pieces of heart which they lack, and travels the world to seek out the four great sages who may be able to help. Along the way, he meets Esther, daughter of one of the great sages, and Swaine, a thief who initially steals a crucial item from them, but who ultimately decides to help. As they enlist the sages' help, they learn of a wand known as Mornstar that could be used to defeat Shadar, but are at a loss as to how to retrieve it, as it was recently destroyed by Shadar. Soon after, they find themselves many years in the past by the actions of a stranger, and are able to retrieve the wand there.
After returning to the present and retrieving three magical stones to complete the wand, Oliver learns that his mother Allie was in fact the great sage, Alicia. Realising she could not defeat Shadar, and that he had destroyed his soulmate in the other world to avoid the possibility of being defeated through them, she chose to travel into both the future and into Oliver's world in the hopes of finding his next soulmate; after settling in to this new world, she eventually gave birth to her son, Oliver, who unknowingly became Shadar's soulmate. After he is defeated, Shadar's past is shown. He was once a soldier who helped a young girl against orders, and whose hometown was destroyed to set an example; a being known as the White Witch called to him to embrace his despair and become the Dark Djinn, Shadar. The spirit of Alicia talks to the dying Shadar, who realises that the girl he saved. was the young Alicia herself. Shadar then uses his power to sever the link between himself and Oliver, in order to save Oliver from dying as well.
With Shadar defeated, Oliver prepares to return home, but the White Witch appears and casts a spell known as "manna", an ash-like substance that turns all living beings in the three major cities into undead-like creatures. A girl named Pea, who has been appearing to Oliver on occasion, travels with the group and uses her magic to clear the cities of manna and restore the people to normal; the group then travel to defeat the White Witch herself. They discover that she was a young queen called Cassiopeia from thousands of years ago who had noble intentions, but was manipulated by her "council of twelve", calling themselves the Zodiarchs, who desired to run the country. Feeling powerless, she found and used the manna spell, believing it would bring peace and prosperity to her people. When the horrific effects of manna were revealed, she gradually witnessed the death of all of her subjects, including the council, and found herself on her own; she was gradually driven to despair and became the White Witch, believing that all life must be destroyed in an attempt to "start over". Her power created an illusory version of the council to oversee the destruction of the world, but the remains of her kind intentions also created the council member that helped the group by sending them back in time, as well as Pea, the incarnation of her as a child. Having been defeated, Cassiopeia fuses together with Pea and is restored to her former, kind self. After assisting the group in destroying the last manifestations of the council, the Zodiarchy, Cassiopeia declares that she will dedicate herself to make amends for her actions and Oliver bid farewell to his friends before returning to his old life in Motorville.
Development.
"Ni no Kuni" was first announced in the Japanese publication "Famitsu" in September 2008. Level-5 president and CEO Akihiro Hino and Studio Ghibli producer Toshio Suzuki revealed in an interview with the magazine that development on the animation aspects of the game had begun in July 2008. In the July 2010 edition of "Famitsu", Level-5 revealed that the game was in development for the PlayStation 3.
Formerly subtitled "Ni no Kuni: the Another World", Level-5 announced on June 24, 2010 that the title had been replaced with two separate subtitles for the DS and PlayStation 3 versions, with the subtitle of the DS version being "Ni no Kuni: Shikkoku no Madōshi" and the PlayStation 3 version titled as "Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch". Level-5 also revealed that both versions were being developed separately from scratch, and as such would feature different data, artwork, graphics, specifications and story developments, while only retaining the same "story axle". The PlayStation 3 version features graphics and visuals replicating Ghibli's traditional animation style, and features some cutscenes from the studio.
Music.
Joe Hisaishi and Rei Kondoh composed the game's soundtrack. All in-game music was performed by the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra. "Kokoro no Kakera" ("Fragments of Hearts"), the game's theme song, is sung by Hisaishi's daughter Mai Fujisawa in the Japanese version while chorister Archie Buchanan performed the English-language version. For the orchestral music to fit onto the Nintendo DS at a high enough quality, the game was put onto a 4-gigabit game card. An album titled "Ni no Kuni: Shikkoku no Madoushi Original Soundtrack" was later released in Japan on February 9, 2011. A complete two-disc soundtrack was released in March 2013. The first disc is a re-release of the Japanese soundtrack and the second disc contains additional tracks from the PS3 version. It also comes with a 20-page booklet featuring artwork, lyrics, and background information. RPGFan wrote a positive review of the soundtrack, comparing it favorably to Koichi Sugiyama's work on the "Dragon Quest" series. Squareenixmusic.com awarded the album a perfect score, calling Hisaishi's work "his best score since "Spirited Away"."
Release.
Special edition shortage.
Many orders of the special edition, "The Wizard's Edition", in the U.S. and Canada were cancelled due to Namco Bandai and Digital River overselling due to a glitch in their system. After mass cancellation, a backdoor link was given to a select few who called customer support so they could reorder their copy/copies giving them priority. The link was posted online, and many people who had orders and those who hadn't even placed orders to begin with were instantly placed and shipped, resulting in many long standing preorders to be cancelled. Those who had their orders cancelled were compensated for their loss with a $20 Club-Namco voucher and hard cover strategy guide for the game.
Mobile games.
Beyond the DS and PlayStation 3 game release, two "Ni no Kuni" games were also developed for mobile platforms. is an episodic role-playing game released for the ROID mobile platform. It is a prequel to the main games. Chapter 1, called "Oliver and Mark" (第1章〜オリバーとマーク), was released on December 9, 2010. The other game, , is a social card game for the GREE mobile platform. It was released on May 11, 2012.
Reception.
The DS version of "Ni no Kuni" was given 38 out of 40 by "Weekly Famitsu" magazine. The review stated, "The animation, music, and story all combine together at a high level to keep the player constantly excited. The way the game links up with the book is innovative, and there's a lot of backdrop that allows you to understand the story on a deep level." However, the publication felt that although the Japanese advertisements feature young children playing it, the game may be too complex for such audiences. RPG Land's import review was very positive, saying "Ni no Kuni is what happens when ordinary and simple pieces are put together by skilled people in wonderful ways. It sticks to simplicity, and does that better than almost any other game on the market right now."
The PlayStation 3 version of "Ni no Kuni" was critically acclaimed as well. The game scored a 36 out of 40 from "Famitsu". The magazines "PSM3" and "Computer and Video Games" gave the Japanese version of the game a 91% score, as well as the Best RPG award of E3 2012. RPGLand's review awarded Ni no Kuni's PS3 version the site's highest rating of "Legendary" and concluded, "Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch feels like the second coming of 16-bit RPG classics... It touches a deep vein of nostalgia and childlike wonder." PlayStation LifeStyle awarded the game 10/10 and said, "Virtually every aspect of Ni no Kuni is a hit. If you have ever liked a Japanese RPG at all, you owe Ni no Kuni a shot." IGN's Colin Moriarty rated the game 9.4/10 describing it as "a beautiful mixture of the traditional makings of a JRPG combined with gorgeous graphics, a wonderful story, a great cast of characters and thoughtful gameplay."
Sales.
Japanese retailers ordered an initial shipment of 600,000 copies of the DS version of "Ni no Kuni", more than any previous Level-5 game. It was the second best-selling video game during its week of release in the region at 170,548 copies sold. Hino stated in February 2011 that the game has sold over 500,000 units in Japan.
For the PlayStation 3 release in Japan, the initial shipment was around 164,000, and in the first week an estimated 65,000 to 67,000 copies were sold. "Ni no Kuni" was the top-selling game in the UK in the week of release, outselling "FIFA 13" and "".
As of August 2013, the two games have sold 1.4 million copies worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="19463633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463633" title="J. J. Johnson (UK musician)">
J. J. Johnson (UK musician)

J. J. Johnson (born 27 October 1951, Newark, Nottinghamshire, England) is a British rock musician who began his career in the punk days of the 1970s. He worked as a drummer, percussionist and later keyboard player, singer/songwriter, producer, filmmaker. Bands he was a part of or performed with include Wayne County & the Electric Chairs, The Mystere Five's, The Flying Lizards, The Skids, Thomas Dolby, and GBM.

</doc>
<doc id="19463652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463652" title="Hatakeyama Shigeyasu">
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu

Next to the "hōkyōintō" stands a black stele (on the left in the photo) erected in 1920 which explains the circumstances of his death. Its text reads:
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu's residence
Hatakeyama Shigeyasu was Hatakeyama Shigetada's eldest son. He had had a quarrel with Hiraga Tomomasa, who was Hōjō Tokimasa's son-in-law. Tomomasa hadn't forgotten the fact and so spoke to Tokimasa against both the Hatakeyama. Tokimasa himself hadn't forgotten how Shigetada had, following Minamoto no Yoritomo's will, tried to protect the shogun's son and heir Yoriie, and was looking for an excuse to kill them. Having received from shogun Sanetomo the order to arrest the Hatakeyama, he surrounded Shigeyasu's residence with his soldiers. Shigeyasu fought well, but in the end was killed. The day was June 22, 1205, and this is where the residence stood. The day after, Shigetada himself was tricked into going to Musashinokuni's (a region in the north eastern part of Kanagawa) Futamatagawa, where he was killed. 
Erected in March 1922 by the Kamakurachō Seinendan
Shigeyasu was one of the samurai who, in December 1204, was chosen to go to Kyoto to pick up shogun Sanetomo's wife, and it was in that occasion that, at a feast, he had a verbal fight with Hiraga Tomomasa, who was responsible for the capital's defenses. It appears that this fact, plus the hostility existing between Shigetada and Tomomasa, who had neighboring fiefs, offered the Hōjō a pretext to get rid of the Hatakeyama clan, that consequently became extinct. It would be revived later by Hōjō Tokimasa.
The legend of the "Bofuseki".
A legend ties a large rock called on a hill called behind Jufuku-ji to Hatakeyama Shigeyasu's wife. The legend says that, when Shigeyasu was killed in battle at Yuigahama his wife climbed to the top of the hill to see what was happening and was turned into hard stone by her grief.

</doc>
<doc id="19463663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463663" title="Mark Davis (basketball, born 1963)">
Mark Davis (basketball, born 1963)

Mark Giles Davis (born June 8, 1963) is a retired American professional basketball player. He is a 6'6" (1.98 m) and 195 lb (88 kg).
He was a forward and he attended Great Bridge High School in Chesapeake, Virginia, where he was born. He played collegiately at Old Dominion University.
Davis was selected with the 9th pick of the fourth round of the 1985 NBA Draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers. In his only NBA season (1988-89) in which he spent time with the Milwaukee Bucks (31 games) and Phoenix Suns (2 games), he averaged 3.8 points and 1.1 rebounds per game.
He won the Spanish Cup in 1990, playing for CB Zaragoza. He also played in 1991 European Cup Winner's Cup final.

</doc>
<doc id="19463673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463673" title="TV 2 Nyhetene">
TV 2 Nyhetene

TV 2 Nyhetene is Norway's TV 2 regular news that has been shown every day since the start of 1992, at 18:30 and at 21:00. The 21:00 news was voted the Gullruten 2004 best current affairs program (news, sports and debate).

</doc>
<doc id="19463732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463732" title="Zipporah Nawa">
Zipporah Nawa

Zipporah Noisey Nawa (1 March 1945 – 5 November 2007) was a South African teacher, politician and Member of Parliament. 
Zipporah Nawa was born in 1945 in the rural village of Walmansthal in Pretoria. She became active in the liberation struggle in Louis Trichardt (Makhado) in the early 1970s, doing ANC underground work whilst teaching and emerged into the open public in the early 1980s as a union and civic movement activist in the North West Province. A school principal for 14 years, Nawa served in the branch executive committee of the South African Democratic Teachers Union - SADTU and took part in various community activities, including the anti-Bophuthatswana campaign between 1980 and 1990 after she had initially took part, much against her will and political conviction, in the Bophuthatswana Teachers Union before the advent of SADTU. When the African National Congress was unbanned together with other anti-apartheid organisation in 1990, Nawa became involved in structures of the organisation, including those of the ANC Women’s League in the North West province. She held a number of positions within both the ANC and the ANCWL, including those of secretary, deputy secretary and "ex officio" of various branches of the ANCWL. Nawa also served as an executive committee member of the ANCWL Eastern Region and as a member of the Gender Commission in the North West.
As a professional, she started teaching in the 1960s after she had undergone training at Emmarentia Teachers College in Bela-Bela. She reached the level of school principal in 1993 until 2006 at Lefofa Primary School, from where she resigned as the principal to become a Member of Parliament in July 2006, where she served in the portfolio committee on Correctional Services and her constituency of Moretele. Zipporah Nawa died in 2007 and is buried at Hammanskraal cemeteries. At the time of her death, she had just completed building a house within the Royal Kraal of the Baphuting-Ba-Ga-Nawa in Lebotloane village in Moretele, North West Province.
She left behind two sons and a daughter. The eldest son, Lebogang Lance Nawa, is also a political activist, scholar and writer of note (poet, short stories and music lyrics).

</doc>
<doc id="19463783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463783" title="Artie Wood">
Artie Wood

Arthur C. 'Artie' Wood (born 24 June 1898) was an Australian rules footballer who played for and coached South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Arthur Wood, known as 'Artie', was a wingman and made his debut during the 1917 season. He was a member of the South Melbourne premiership team of 1918.
He spent the 1921 season as playing coach, despite being aged only 25, and the club finished in seventh position.

</doc>
<doc id="19463805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463805" title="Amy Malkoff">
Amy Malkoff

Amy Malkoff is an American singer-songwriter and musician based on the East Coast. Her music blends Acoustic, and Pop-Folk music. She started auditioning for musical theatre productions at age 5, and by age 15 was touring in semi-professional shows. She has an AB in music from Kenyon College with graduate studies at the New England Conservatory of Music.
For seven years, she was half of the duo Raymond Gonzalez & Amy Malkoff, and during that time they produced two full length recordings, toured consistently, and were included on "When October Goes" (Rounder Records), among other compilations. In 1994, she founded the touring band Deadline Poet, which started out as an all-woman a cappella group, then a full band, and lastly a guitar/keyboard/vocal trio. The group disbanded in October 2000, but not before producing several recordings, and appearing on a handful of compilations.
In 2000, she launched her current group, All About Buford, an award-winning pop-funk band that seems to comfortably fit in that funny niche between a cappella and folk. Their performances consist of some songs done without instruments, and some with Amy playing guitar, but always with a dedicated beatboxer and lots of rich harmonies. All About Buford was the 2003 Boston Regional Harmony Sweepstakes champions and runners-up in 2002, and Amy was awarded "Best Original Song" in '03. They have also done formal showcases at both The Falcon Ridge Folk Festival and The Northeast Regional Folk Alliance Conference (NERFA). They have one full length CD, "Supercar", one DVD project, "Deep", some single song recordings, and they appear on several compilation CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="19463862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463862" title="Employee voice">
Employee voice

Employee voice refers to the participation of employees in influencing organisational decision making. Employees are given a voice through informal and formal means to minimise conflict, improve communication and encourage staff retention through motivation and fair treatment (Stone, 2005). Employee participation is a form of empowerment and motivation that leads to increased productivity and retention
In July of 2013, an international workshop on the benefits of employee voice was organised by Dr Andrew R Timming, an employee voice scholar based at the University of St Andrews. The workshop, entitled, 'Strengthening Democracy at Work', brought together the world's leading employee voice researchers, including: Peter Ackers (University of Loughborough), John Budd (University of Minnesota), Tony Dundon (National University of Ireland, Galway), Stewart Johnstone (University of Newcastle), Andrew Pendleton (York University) and Andrew Timming (University of St Andrews). Also present were several practitioners. The workshop was funded by the Scottish Universities Insight Institute and the Russell Trust. The first day took place in Glasgow and the second day was held at New Lanark. The workshop participants discussed the benefits of employee voice for employees, organisations and societies. In short, when employers give employees a 'say' in the strategic direction of the organisation, all three levels benefit.
Informal and formal mechanisms.
Employee voice is attained through both informal and formal mechanisms. Informal employee voice mechanisms include general conversation between employees and employers, email communication, employee feedback, social functions and meetings at the workplace. Employees can also influence corporate decision making through their actions, such as turnover and absenteeism
Formal mechanisms include communication tools implemented by an organisations human resource department, such as employee surveys and suggestion boxes. Some organisations promote employee voice through financial participation, such as share ownership and profit-sharing opportunities. Employee consultative committees and representation through trade unions are also formal ways of ensuring employees are informed and are given a voice in decisions that affect their employment
European Works Councils.
In an international context, the role of employee voice varies immensely. The European model is fundamentally based on employee communication and consultation between employees and corporate management. European Works Councils were introduced through the European Directive 1994 to accommodate these goals and provided employees with an opportunity to gain access to senior levels of their employers. The European model has required amendments to improve its effectiveness in managing employee voice and legal compliance

</doc>
<doc id="19463890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463890" title="Moretele Local Municipality">
Moretele Local Municipality

Moretele is a local municipality in Bojanala Platinum District Municipality, North West Province, South Africa. Population: 180,000.
Main places.
The 2001 census divided the municipality into the following main places:

</doc>
<doc id="19463894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463894" title="Aberdeen Reservoirs">
Aberdeen Reservoirs

The Aberdeen Reservoirs () are a group of two reservoirs, consisting of the Upper Aberdeen Reservoir () and the Lower Aberdeen Reservoir (), in Aberdeen, Hong Kong.
History.
The Aberdeen Reservoirs were built to augment Pok Fu Lam Reservoir in providing water supply to the west of Hong Kong Island. The Lower Aberdeen Reservoir, with a capacity of , was originally a private reservoir owned by Tai Shing Paper Factory, built in 1890, which also provided water to nearby residents. The Government bought the reservoir at a price of HK$460,000 and expanded it to a capacity of . At the same time, the Government built a new reservoir with a capacity of above the original one, increasing the total capacity to . The reservoirs were officially opened on 15 December 1931 by Governor of Hong Kong William Peel, becoming the fourth and last reservoir group ever built on Hong Kong Island, after Pok Fu Lam, Tai Tam and Wong Nai Chung.
In 1977, a 4.23 square kilometre area around the reservoir was designated as Aberdeen Country Park, one of the earliest country parks in Hong Kong.
A total of 41 pre-World War II waterworks structures located in six reservoir areas, namely Pok Fu Lam Reservoir, Tai Tam Group of Reservoirs, Wong Nai Chung Reservoir, Kowloon Reservoir, Shing Mun (Jubilee) Reservoir and Aberdeen Reservoir, were declared as monuments in September 2009; the dam, a valve house and a bridge of the Aberdeen Upper Reservoir and a dam of the Aberdeen Lower Reservoir were declared as monuments in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19463927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463927" title="1972 Winchester 400">
1972 Winchester 400

The 1972 Winchester 400 motor race, the third annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on October 1, 1972, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA). Dave Sorg of Fort Wayne, Indiana became the first two-time winner of the event with his 1972 Winchester 400 victory.
The race.
Sorg finished two laps ahead of John Sommerville of Clarksville, Indiana, who received relief driving from Mike Johnson. Sorg claimed $5,223 for the winner's share of the purse that totaled more than $21,000. The event went international as Don Biederman of Oakville, Ontario, Canada made the starting field and was joined by future NASCAR driver Joe Ruttman of Oaksboro, North Carolina.
Tom Maier (Midland, Michigan), Delmar Clark (Louisville, Kentucky), and Carl Smith (West Jefferson, Ohio) recorded career-best third, fourth, and fifth-place finishes in the 1972 "400." The race was red-flagged on two occasions. The first was when Ken McEldowney of Versailles, Ohio made extreme contact with the fourth turn wall and nearly left the racetrack. After the lengthy delay, racing resumed for just seven circuits before 1971 winner Denny Miles slid through fluid on the track and pounded the second-turn wall.

</doc>
<doc id="19463933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19463933" title="Cheonhwangsan">
Cheonhwangsan

Cheonhwangsan (천황산; ) is name of two mountains in Gyeongsangnam-do province, South Korea:

</doc>
<doc id="19464031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464031" title="Universitas (newspaper)">
Universitas (newspaper)

Universitas is a student newspaper in Oslo, Norway, published since 1946. With a weekly circulation of 17,000, "Universitas" is one of Europe's largest student newspapers. It is distributed on campuses of institutions of higher learning, that are affiliated with the Student Welfare Organisation in Oslo. The newspaper is considered as student welfare, and is partly paid for by the students' semester fee. "Universitas" is published both in Norwegian and English (the Internet edition). The newspaper's principles state that "Universitas" is a newspaper made by students, for students. The publication's first editor was the to-be professor in literature and Henrik Ibsen expert, Daniel Haakonsen.
In the early years, "Universitas" had an editorial council, where professor names like Arne Næss and Ragnar Frisch figured. In more recent years, many profiles from Norwegian media has started their careers in the newspaper, including Øystein Sørensen, Kjetil Rolness, Ivar Hippe and Tor Edvin Dahl. Many illustrators also began drawing for "Universitas": Ellen Auensen, Christopher Nielsen, Mikael Holmberg, Ola A. Hegdal and Karine Haaland.
Today, "Universitas" is produced by a staff led by the full-time engaged chief editor and the assisting editor. Part-time working section chiefs have responsibility for their respective working area (photo editor, chief of news section, chief of culture section, chief of feature section, debates editor, editor of Internet publication, editor of reviews section). About 25 journalists and photographers work on a regular basis, paid per contribution. "Universitas" is published in study semesters. Aside from editorial staff, an administrative director and a sales director work in "Universitas".
In 1990, the paper again boosted the publishing rate and became a weekly (in semesters); it had given out 9-16 editions per year since 1954. In 2004, it went up from 32 to 34 editions per year, and from 2009, it will publish 35 editions per year. The circulation is 17,000 copies.
Universitas receive funding from the Student Welfare Organisation in Oslo, granted through the Welfare Council, which is a welfare body put together by the local student democracies at institutions affiliated to the Student Welfare Organisation. Universitas is consequently distributed to all institutions affiliated to the Student Welfare Organisation, that is: the University of Oslo, the Norwegian School of Management (BI), the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences (NIH), the Norwegian Academy of Music (NMH), the MF Norwegian School of Theology (MF), the Oslo School of Architecture and Design (AHO), the Oslo National Academy of the Arts (KHiO) and the Norwegian School of Veterinary Science (NVH).
The chief editor is employed for one calendar year. Chief editor in 2009 is Aksel Kjær Vidnes. Every semester "Universitas" employs journalists, photographers and designers. Administrative director since autumn 2002 has been Camilla Svendsen Skriung and chair board leder in 2008-2010 is Haakon Riekeles. The newspaper's location is in Moltke Moes vei at Blindern, the main campus of the University of Oslo.
Editors.
1946 Daniel Haakonsen
1947 Daniel Haakonsen 1-8, Arnljot Strømme Svendsen 9-12, Roald Storsletten 13-23
1948 Roald Storsletten
1949 Roald Storsletten
1950 Roald Storsletten 1-28, Olav Bø 28-29
1951 Olav Bø 1-27, 30-35; Thor Hedberg 28-29 (mens O Bø var på repøvelse)
1952 Ingmund Ofstad 1-19 (pt ansvarlig 7, 9); S. Bretteville-Jensen 1-10 (ansv 1-6); Eivind Otto Hjelle 20-33
1953 Eivind Otto Hjelle
1954 Eivind Otto Hjelle 3; Jahn Otto Johansen 5-9, Tore Nilsen 5-9
1955 Tore Nilsen 1, Jahn Otto Johansen 1-10, Kaare Lervik 2-7, Ulrik Abildgaard 11-13, Tore Lund 11-13, Anton Hauge 12-13
1956 Ulrik Abildgaard 1, Tore Lund 1; Ole-Erik Øie 2-3, 5-8; Janken Kristiansen 2-3, 5-8, 12-15
1957 Janken Kristiansen 1, Arne Haugestad 2-4, 6, 8, 10; Trygve Ramberg 11-15
1958 Trygve Ramberg 1, 8-11; Sigurd Hennum 2, 4-6; (3: studentenes sommerruter)
1959 Trygve Ramberg 1, 2, 4; Janken Kristiansen 5 (kst.); Dick Badger x, Frank Bjerkholt 7-11
1960 Einar Olsen
1961 Einar Olsen 1,2; Odd Inge Langholm 4, 5, 7, 8 (alle kst.); Tore Nilsen 9-11
1962 Herman Fritz
1963 Nils Morten Udgaard
1964 Gunhild Ramm
1965 Pål Espolin Johnson
1966 Nils M. Knutsen
1967 Nils M. Knutsen 1; Hans Svelland 2-11 (-7: årsmelding studsamf)
1968 Kjell Gjerseth
1969 Einar Gullord 1-8; Årstein Skiftun 9/10 (kst) & 11-16
1970 Jørund Ubøe Some
1971 Arvid Weber Skjærpe
1972 Arvid Weber Skjærpe
1973 Liv Finstad
1974 Lars M. Wathne
1975 Erling Borgen
1976 Erling Borgen
1977 John Olav Egeland
1978 John Olav Egeland
1979 Arne O. Holm
1980 Arne O. Holm 1; Ivar Hippe 2-15
1981 Øyvind Lind Petersen
1982 Bård Michaelsen
1983 Thomas Spence
1984 Finn-Ove Hågensen
1985 Sissel Bergflødt
1986 Bård Amundsen
1987 Bent Sofus Tranøy 1-12 (ansvarlig 1-9) og Birgitte Kjos (ansvarlig 10-12; alene 13-17)
1988 Njaal Kværnes 1-9; Karl-Eirik Kval 10-17 (konst. 10-11)
1989 Karl-Eirik Kval
1990 Per Anders Johansen
1991 Line Noer Borrevik
1992 Per Arne Kalbakk
1993 Vigdis Alver
1994 Ingrid Brekke
1995 Irene Halvorsen
1996 Stein Håvard Biørnstad Ludvigsen
1997 Kjell Petter Eidsten
1998 Sindre Bremnes
1999 Fredrik Larsen
2000 Wera Helstrøm
2001 Steffen Sundgot Aagedal
2002 Tonje T. Larsen
2003 Bjørn-Egil Mikalsen
2004 Marianne Johansen
2005 Vegard Kristiansen Kvaale
2006 Michael Brøndbo
2007 Leif Martin Kirknes
2008 Anders Schiøtz Worren
2009 Aksel Kjær Vidnes
2010 Anders Mathias Johansen
2011 Simen Tallaksen
2012 Magnus Lysberg

</doc>
<doc id="19464042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464042" title="Rachel Wilson (neurobiologist)">
Rachel Wilson (neurobiologist)

Rachel Wilson is an associate professor of neurobiology at Harvard Medical School.
Biography.
Wilson was born in Kansas City, Missouri. She was selected to attend the Summer 1991 Telluride Association Summer Program on the topic of "Elitism: Economic and Philosophical Perspectives" taught by Michael S. McPherson and Morton Owen Schapiro at Williams College. She received an A.B. from Harvard University and a Ph.D. from the University of California, San Francisco. She was a postdoctoral fellow at Caltech before her appointment at Harvard.
Awards.
In 2007 Wilson won Science and Eppendorf AG's Grand Prize in Neurobiology for her work on the olfactory function of fruit flies Drosophila melanogaster, to understand how the brain recognizes odors from patterns of impulses from olfactory receptor neurons.
In 2008 she won a MacArthur Fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="19464064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464064" title="Gulabi Talkies">
Gulabi Talkies

Gulabi Talkies is a 2008 Kannada film by acclaimed Indian director Girish Kasaravalli. It is based on a short story by the same name by Kannada writer Vaidehi.
The film premiered at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema in New Delhi on 14 July 2008, where it won the Best Film and Best Actress awards in the Indian Competition section. Umashree won the National Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film.
Plot.
The film is set in the late 1990s among the fishing communities around Kundapura, in the southwestern Indian state of Karnataka. The impulsive midwife Gulabi (Umashree) is the protagonist, whose one passion is the cinema. She leads a lonely life in an island inhabited by fisher folk. Her husband Musa (K.G. Krishna Murthy), a small-time fish-selling agent, has deserted her and is living happily with his second wife Kunjipathu and their child Adda.
A family gifts her a television with a satellite dish antenna in gratitude after she attends to a difficult delivery (for which they even had to bodily remove her from a movie theatre). The arrival of the first color TV in her small island village heralds great changes in the sleepy hamlet. The women in the village begin gathering at her house once the men leave for fishing. However, a few of them stay away, since Gulabi is one of the few Muslims in the village. Yet others prefer to watch from outside her shack, without entering it.
Among the regulars at her home is Netru (singer-actress M.D. Pallavi), a girl with an absentee husband and a domineering mother-in-law, whom Gulabi befriends and becomes a confidante to. But Netru disappears and Gulabi is blamed, leaving her all alone in the village.
The Kargil War of 1999 and the rise of communalism in Karnataka provide the backdrop to the film. The communal stereotyping of Muslims following the Kargil War finds an echo in the village. The tension between the small fishermen of the village and a Muslim businessman (who is actually never shown throughout the film) with a growing fleet of commercial trawlers acquires a communal color.
The disappearance of Netru adds to the mounting tensions. The Muslims in the village flee and urge Gulabi to leave too, but she refuses and stays put in the village. Her house is vandalized and she is forcibly taken to a boat to leave the island. The young men from outside who spearhead the attack assure the villagers that Gulabi's television would remain in her house.
The film ends with a scene in which two illiterate elderly women, who had hitherto refused to enter Gulabi's house, going in there to watch TV (which they do not know how to switch on - they are probably unaware even that it has to be switched on).
Awards and recognition.
Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema, 2008: 
'"Karnataka State Annual Film Awards, 2009
"'National Film Awards, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19464074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464074" title="Her Majesty the Decemberists">
Her Majesty the Decemberists

Her Majesty the Decemberists is the second full-length album by The Decemberists, released on September 9, 2003, by Kill Rock Stars. The song "Song for Myla Goldberg" was written years earlier, after Colin Meloy had been a media escort for the novelist Myla Goldberg during a tour following the publication of her first book, "Bee Season". "The Bachelor and the Bride" has the words "stripped bare" in the chorus, and appears to be a reference to Marcel Duchamp's piece "The Bride Stripped Bare by Her Bachelors, Even".
The album cover was designed by the Portland artist Carson Ellis, the long-time girlfriend (and now wife) of Meloy, who has created artwork for each of the band's albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Colin Meloy.
Note: On some editions, the track list printed on the actual disc omits the song "The Chimbley Sweep", though the song is listed on the back of the CD jacket and in the liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19464090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464090" title="Strip Poker (game show)">
Strip Poker (game show)

Strip Poker was a TV game show which aired in limited syndication exclusively on selected stations owned by USA Broadcasting (whose stations are now owned by Univision) from 1999–2000, and was later rerun on the USA Network from 2000–2001. It was hosted by Graham Elwood, with Jennifer Cole as the card dealer, and was produced by Axelson-Weintraub Productions.
Overview.
The poker part of the game was based on five-card stud, using a deck of 24 cards ranging from 9 to Ace. Before each question, a pair of face-up cards came down a chute. The first question was directed at the guys and had to do with "girl stuff". If they got it right, they received control. A miss gave the girls a chance to take control by giving the correct answer. If they missed, however, the guys got control by default, because the question was in the girls' area of knowledge. Questions alternated between the two teams, with the girls being asked about "guy stuff" on their turns.
After each question, the team that had control won $50 and could choose one of the two cards to add to their poker hand. The other team received the spare card, and one member of that team would have to take off an article of clothing. After four questions, each team had four cards. The fifth pair of cards was always face down, but the question would be played the same way. The team with the better hand after five cards won a bonus $250, and one of their opponents would have to take an article of clothing off.
In Round 2, the rules were the same, except that questions were worth $100 each and the team who did not start Round 1 received the first question. The winning hand was still worth $250.
Round 3 was the Lightning Round. One player from each team stepped up to the microphone to answer the question. They signaled using a whistle around their neck. A right answer was worth $100 and forced the opponents to take off an article of clothing. A wrong answer, however, gave the opponents $100, and the answering team had to take off a piece of clothing. (By this point, it was normal for one team to be so far ahead that one of their opponents would already be answering questions in their boxers/bra and panties.) If neither player answered, they would both have to take off an article of clothing.
When time was called, the team in the lead won the game. Both teams kept any cash they had accumulated up to that point; however, the losing team would have to strip down to their undergarments in the center of the stage (if they had not already done so). They were usually joined by the other team, who also stripped down, and everybody danced at the center of the stage.
Audience game.
Occasionally, between round 2 and the Lightning Round, Graham would ask a member of the studio audience a question. If their answer was correct, they received a "Strip Poker" T-shirt, but if incorrect, they had to remove an article of clothing.

</doc>
<doc id="19464098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464098" title="Andy de Jarlis">
Andy de Jarlis

Andy de Jarlis (19141975) was a Canadian Métis fiddler from Woodridge, Manitoba. He was credited with more than 200 musical compositions. He played on Winnipeg radio accompanied by the musical group the Red River Mates. He moved to Vancouver and later to Montreal where he appeared on the television program Don Messer's Jubilee as Andy Dejarlis and His Early Settlers.
Biography.
De Jarlis was born Joseph Patrice Ephreme Desjarlais 29 September 1914 Woodridge, Manitoba to father Pierre. He came from a family of Métis fiddlers and began playing at age 15. Pierre Falcon, often called the "Red River Bard", was one of his ancestors. He was known to have scored more than 200 musical compositions "to his credit (jigs, reels, polkas and waltzes) as well as 38 records." He played on Winnipeg radio accompanied by the musical group the Red River Mates. He moved to Vancouver and later to Montreal where he appeared on the television program Don Messer's Jubilee as Andy Dejarlis and His Early Settlers. He was also in the music group Leftover Salmon.<ref name="cbc.ca/asithappens"/>
De Jarlis died 18 September 1975 in Saint Boniface, Manitoba, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19464100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464100" title="Metropolitan School District of Boone Township">
Metropolitan School District of Boone Township

The Metropolitan School District of Boone Township is the school system that serves Boone Township, Porter County, Indiana, USA. Boone Township's largest and only town is Hebron, Indiana. George Letz is the superintendent.

</doc>
<doc id="19464111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464111" title="Voice changer">
Voice changer

The term voice changer (also known as voice enhancer) refers to a system of altering a person's voice to either make them sound like someone else or to disguise their voice.
Voice changers change the tone or pitch, add distortion to the user's voice, or a combination of all of the above and vary greatly in price and sophistication. A kazoo/didgeridoo can be used as a makeshift voice changer, though it can be difficult to understand what the person is trying to say.
Hardware Implementations.
The earliest voice changers were electronic devices usually used over the telephone for the purpose of disguise. There are low-priced, small lithium battery-powered voice changers that are used between a phone's mouthpiece and the user's mouth. More sophisticated voice changers have different levels of various distortion effects variable by faders.

</doc>
<doc id="19464120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464120" title="Casper Brinkley">
Casper Brinkley

Casper Terrell Brinkley (born July 12, 1985 in Thomson, Georgia) was an American football defensive end for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. He was signed by the Panthers as an undrafted free agent in 2008, but was released by the team on September 5, 2009. He played college football at South Carolina.
College career.
Brinkley played college football at the University of South Carolina. He played in 25 games producing 103 tackles and ten sacks. He majored in African-American studies.
Personal.
Brinkley's twin brother, Jasper Brinkley signed with the Minnesota Vikings on July 1, 2009 and is currently playing for the Arizona Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="19464128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464128" title="Dietrich of Anhalt-Dessau">
Dietrich of Anhalt-Dessau

Dietrich of Anhalt-Dessau (b. Dessau, 2 August 1702 - d. Dessau, 2 December 1769), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and later regent of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau. He was also a Prussian "Generalfeldmarschall".
Dietrich was the third son of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his morganatic wife Anna Louise Föhse.
Life.
The introduction of primogeniture in Anhalt-Dessau in 1727 left Dietrich without any chance to take part in the government of Dessau. Because his oldest brother, the Hereditary Prince William Gustav, had already died before his father, the second brother, Leopold Maximilian, inherited the princely title and government. After the latter's death in 1751, the succession passed to his eleven-year-old son Leopold Frederick Franz. Dietrich acted as regent of Anhalt-Dessau on behalf of his nephew until 1758, when Leopold Frederick Franz was proclaimed an adult and assumed the government of his principality.
Dietrich never married or had children. Later, his palace in Dessau was used by a progressive school, "The Philanthropinum".

</doc>
<doc id="19464139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464139" title="Richard H. Bube">
Richard H. Bube

Richard H. Bube (born August 10, 1927) is an American scientist.
Academic career.
Bube received his B.S. in physics from Brown University in 1946, and his M.A. (1948) and Ph.D. (1950) in physics from Princeton University.
He was a researcher at RCA Laboratories in Princeton, New Jersey from 1948 to 1962. Thereafter he taught at Stanford University where he was an associate professor from 1962 to 1964, when he became professor of materials science and electrical engineering. He served as his department's chair from 1975 to 1986, and is now an emeritus professor
For over twenty years he also conducted an undergraduate seminar at Stanford University on "Issues in Science and Christianity", until it was cancelled in 1988 by Stanford University.
Professional affiliations.
Bube is a member of:
Defense of theistic evolution.
In the 1970s, whilst he was editor of the "Journal of the American Scientific Affiliation" Bube defended the viewpoint of theistic evolution in that journal. One such article on this topic would receive in-journal peer-review by Baptist theologian Bernard L. Ramm, Canadian historian and Reformed scholar W. Stanford Reid, Fuller theologian Paul King Jewett, and Christian apologist Alvin Plantinga.
Personal life.
Bube was born in Providence, Rhode Island to Edward Ella Neser and Ella (Baltteim) Bube. He married Betty Jane Meeker on October 9, 1948 and they had four children: Mark Timothy, Kenneth Paul, Sharon Elizabeth, Meryl Lee. His son Mark T. Bube is the General Secretary for Foreign Missions of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church.
Theology.
His views on religion have been discussed by theologian Stanley J. Grenz.

</doc>
<doc id="19464175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464175" title="Cold fission">
Cold fission

Cold fission or "cold nuclear fission" is defined as involving fission events for which fission fragments have such low excitation energy that no neutrons or gammas are emitted. 
Cold fission events have so low a probability of occurrence that it is necessary to use a high flux nuclear reactor to study them. 
The first observation of cold fission events was in experiments on fission induced by thermal neutrons of uranium 233, uranium 235 and plutonium 239 using the High Flux Reactor at the Institut Laue-Langevin in Grenoble, France. Other experiments on cold fission were also done involving 248Cm and 252Cf . A unified approach of Cluster decay, alpha decay and cold fission was developed by Dorin N Poenaru et al. A phenomenological interpretation was proposed by Gönnenwein and Duarte "et al."
The importance of cold fission phenomena lies in the fact that fragments reaching detectors have the same mass that they obtained at the "scission" configuration, just before the attractive but short-range nuclear force becomes null, and only Coulomb interaction acts between fragments. After this Coulomb potential energy is converted in fragments kinetic energies, which-–added to pre-scission kinetic energies—is measured by detectors.
The fact that cold fission preserves nuclear mass until the fission fragments reach the detectors permits the experimenter to better determine the fission dynamics, especially the aspects related to Coulomb and shell effects in low energy fission. and nucleon pair breaking. Adopting several theoretical assumptions about scission configuration one can calculate the maximal value of kinetic energy as a function of charge and mass of fragments and compare them to experimental results.

</doc>
<doc id="19464186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464186" title="Arctostaphylos hispidula">
Arctostaphylos hispidula

Arctostaphylos hispidula is a species of manzanita known by the common names Gasquet manzanita and Howell's manzanita. It is native to the coastal mountain ranges of southern Oregon and northern California, where it is an uncommon member of the serpentine soils flora and other mountain plant communities. This is a spreading or erect shrub reaching a maximum height between one and two meters. The twigs and foliage are bristly and glandular, the dark green leaves oval to broadly lance-shaped and up to 3 centimeters long. The shrub blooms in crowded inflorescences of urn-shaped flowers and produces whitish to tan colored drupes each 5 to 7 millimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="19464190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464190" title="Edder Vaca">
Edder Vaca

Edder Javier Vaca Quinde (born 25 December 1985) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays for Mushuc Runa.
Club career.
Edder Vaca started out with the 3rd-level club Rocafuerte Fútbol Club out of Guayaquil. He played on their senior team until 2004, when he was loaned to Barcelona Sporting Club to play on their senior and sub-20 teams. In 2005, he was loaned out to Club Sport Emelec for a couple of senior level matches, but mainly played on Club Deportivo El Nacional's sub-20 teams. 2006, he was part of the Deportivo Azogues squad that was promoted mid-season from Serie B to top-level Serie A. In 2007, he played with Deportivo Quito where he had a tremendous season with his club as he was scoring goals and making assists. He caught the eye of several Ecuadorian teams such as LDU Quito. During the winter transfer window, he was awarded a move to LDU Quito.
While playing for Liga, he mostly played games for the domestic league instead of the games for Copa Libertadores. He scored 6 goals in 13 games for Liga. He was mostly used as a substitute for the Copa Libertadores. He scored one of Liga's penalties in quarter final game against San Lorenzo. His team won the tournament by penalties against Fluminense.
National team.
Vaca has been called up for the Ecuadorian national team. He scored his first goal with them in a 2007 friendly win over Sweden. He came on as a substitute against El Salvador in which Ecuador won 5-1. Although he has only two caps, he is seen as a promising player for his country.
Honors.
Deportivo Azogues
LDU Quito

</doc>
<doc id="19464193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464193" title="Shane Campbell">
Shane Campbell

Shane Darryl Campbell is a Canadian welterweight Muay Thai kickboxer, fighting out of Iron Tiger Muay Thai Gym in Stoney Creek, Ontario. He is a former W.K.A. Muaythai world champion. Shane is also current WMA World Pro Muay Thai Champion, Agresssoon MMA World Champion, Unified MMA World Champion. And he is by far one of the most decorate Muay Thai fighters in North America. and current W.M.A. Muaythai middleweight world champion. Widely appreciated as the best middleweight kickboxer in North America for the past couple of years, Shane has recently been focusing on MMA.
Biography/Career.
Born on January 21, 1987, Shane grew up in Hamilton, Ontario and started kickboxing aged sixteen. He had his first pro fight at 18, joining the Iron Tiger Muay Thai Gym under Romanian-Canadian Muay Thai Guru Kru Alin Hălmăgean in Stoney Creek, Ontario, but would continue to fight on both the professional and amateur circuits up until 2007. Since 2008 Shane has increasingly become involved in Mixed Martial Arts and has recently signed up with Aggression MMA having had some early success in the sport.
He TKO'd Justin Greskiewicz in round one at the K-1 World Qualifying Tour 2013 in Calgary on June 8, 2013.
He stopped Wallace Lopes with a first round body kick at the "K-1 World MAX 2013 World Championship Tournament Final 16" in Majorca, Spain on September 24, 2013.
He was scheduled to fight Maximo Suarez at the "K-1 World MAX 2013 World Championship Tournament Quarter Finals - Part 2" in Gran Canria, Spain on January 11, 2014. However, he was then moved to the "K-1 World MAX 2013 World Championship Tournament Quarter Finals - Part 1" in Foshan, China on December 28, 2013 and his opponent changed to Christopher Mena after the fight between Andy Souwer and Enriko Kehl from that card was cancelled (Souwer was unable to compete due to a bout of appendicitis while Kehl was moved to the January 11 event against Maximo Suarez due to suffering numerous cuts in fight with Buakaw Banchamek earlier in December). Campbell scored two knockdowns, one with a knee to the body in round two and one with a right hand at the end of round three, and won on points.
At the "K-1 World MAX 2013 World Championship Tournament Final 4" in Baku, Azerbaijan on February 23, 2014, he lost to Enriko Kehl by UD in the semi-finals.
Kickboxing Record.
win against Troy Sheridan, Calgary, Alberta
win against Nate Chambers, Calgary, Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="19464196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464196" title="Prince Frederick Henry Eugen of Anhalt-Dessau">
Prince Frederick Henry Eugen of Anhalt-Dessau

Frederick Henry Eugen of Anhalt-Dessau (b. Dessau, 27 December 1705 - d. Dessau, 2 March 1781), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.
He was the fourth son of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his morganatic wife Anna Louise Föhse.
Life.
In 1717, at the age of only twelve, Eugen joined the Prussian army. From 1733 to 1739 he was Chief of the Corps of the Prussian Hussar's regiment No. 1 (regiment of Pferde). In 1743 he left the Prussian service and joined the Austrian army under the command of Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine as a volunteer on the Rhine. In 1746 he joined the army of the Electorate of Saxony, where he became a Governor of Wittenberg and later "Generalfeldmarschall".
He never married or had children and never took part in the government of Anhalt-Dessau.

</doc>
<doc id="19464213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464213" title="Darwin's 97 Seven">
Darwin's 97 Seven

Darwin's 97 Seven is a radio station that aims to broadcast the Christian message of salvation to the Greater Darwin and Palmerston region and now even to the Rural areas extending past Humpty Doo. Along with broadcasting a wide variety of Christian music and secular music, 97 Seven carries content from other Christian radio stations and ministries including Focus on the Family, Adventures in Odyssey and 'Enjoying Everyday Life'.
It was previously known as "97.7 Rhema FM".
See also.
Rhema FM

</doc>
<doc id="19464221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464221" title="Graham Wilson (rugby league)">
Graham Wilson (rugby league)

Graham Wilson (died in Sydney, New South Wales on 20 December 2005) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1960s. He played in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for Newtown club and later Cronulla-Sutherland, also achieving state and international representative honours. He is also the father of fellow Sharks and Blues player Alan Wilson.
Originally from Grafton, New South Wales, Wilson made his first grade debut for Newtown in the Sydney premiership as a 16-year-old in 1960. He was first selected to represent New South Wales the following season. 
In 1963, the South African team was touring Australia and Wilson represented Sydney against them. Before leaving for New Zealand, the South African team invited Wilson and Canterbury-Bankstown's hooker, Fred Anderson to bolster their injury-ravaged forward pack. Later that year Wilson toured Britain and France with the 1963-64 Kangaroos, gaining the unusual distinction of playing for two countries in the same year. On tour he played for The Ashes, helping Australia to victory in the series.
Wilson died in December, 2005 in Sydney, aged 66. 
In 2008, the centenary year of rugby league in Australia, Wilson was named in the Newtown Jets 18-man team of the century.

</doc>
<doc id="19464234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464234" title="Jason Guy (singer)">
Jason Guy (singer)

Jason Guy was a musician who sang and sometimes played acoustic guitar in the New Wave band Faith Global, formed by 1982 by him and ex-Ultravox! guitarist Stevie Shears.
Guy met Shears in 1978 soon after Stevie had left Ultravox! having teamed up with Ice, Gloria Mundi bassist, the three of them started a project called New Men, which came to nothing; Shears went on to join Cowboys International and Jason went on to form The Emotional Joes a.k.a. Emojos with Adam Hart-Dyke and Steen Joffe. David Rome of Survival records encouraged Stevie and Jason to re-form, they did, using the name Faith Global the pair released an E.P ""Earth Report"" in 1982 and the album ""The Same Mistakes"" the following year. Although the album received favourable press Stevie and Jason had decided to split as soon as the record had been released.
Jason had already started to work for Stephen Woolley and Nik Powell at Palace Video (1982) and then Palace Pictures (1983). He then Worked for Palace, Virgin, Gold (1984) as Label manager working on the then new market of long form Music video. He then went on to work for A&M records as Product Manager (1985–88) then Chrysalis Records as Marketing Director(1988–1991) then he went back to A&M (1991–1993) as Marketing Director before a brief stint helping set up Echo at Chrysalis. Having Left Echo he went on to Polydor as marketing director (1994–96), he then left the music business to study Philosophy at London University (Heythrop College 1996-99) on leaving college, he worked briefly as General Manager of Island Records and then Marketing Director of Sony S2 later to become Marketing Director of Sony Music UK.
Having left Sony (2004) he worked for the then fledgling B-Unique only to leave in 2005 to set up his own artist development label Smack Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="19464253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464253" title="Arctostaphylos imbricata">
Arctostaphylos imbricata

Arctostaphylos imbricata is a species of manzanita known by the common name San Bruno Mountain manzanita. It is endemic to San Mateo County, California, where it is known only from six populations on San Bruno Mountain. Despite its rarity, this manzanita is not a federally listed endangered species because five of its six remaining populations are protected by the San Bruno Mountain Habitat Conservation Plan. This is a small, spreading, matlike shrub forming flat tangles or mounds less than a meter in height. The branches are coated in long bristles tipped in resin glands. The light green, glandular leaves are round to oval with rough, bristly, dull surfaces and smooth or toothed edges. They are up to 4 centimeters long and 3 wide. The dense inflorescence is crowded with rounded, urn-shaped white flowers, each only 3 to 5 millimeters long. The fruit is a hairy, glandular drupe about 7 millimeters wide. This plant grows in the chaparral plant community. Like many other chaparral species, it requires wildfire for reproduction. Fire suppression in its native habitat is one threat to its survival.

</doc>
<doc id="19464280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464280" title="Boston Business Journal">
Boston Business Journal

The Boston Business Journal is a weekly, business-oriented newspaper published in Boston, Massachusetts. It is published by the American City Business Journals.
The newspaper was founded by Robert Bergenheim and launched its first issue on March 2, 1981. The newspaper was originally named P&L The Boston Business Journal (P&L stood for profit and loss). However, P&L was later dropped from the name, leaving the publication with its present title, "Boston Business Journal".

</doc>
<doc id="19464281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464281" title="Birmingham Business Journal">
Birmingham Business Journal

The Birmingham Business Journal is a weekly business newspaper published in Birmingham, Alabama. The newspaper was founded in 1983 by Tina Verciglio-Savas and became a part of American City Business Journals in 1999. The newspaper publishes business news in the Birmingham area and also the state of Alabama. The Birmingham Business Journal is a part of American City Business Journals owned by Advance Publications, which also publishes "The Birmingham News".
Birmingham Business Journal's Annual Awards.
The Birmingham Business Journal gives several yearly awards.

</doc>
<doc id="19464285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464285" title="1984 1000 km of Nürburgring">
1984 1000 km of Nürburgring

The 1984 Int. ADAC-1000-km-Rennen was the fourth round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship. It took place at the Nürburgring, West Germany on 15 July 1984.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19464291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464291" title="Fire in the Breeze">
Fire in the Breeze

Fire in the Breeze is the debut Compilation album by the Australian band Kisschasy, released on 20 November 2004 in Japan. "Fire in the Breeze" was released in Japan before Kisschasy toured in 2004. "Fire in the Breeze" compiles Kisschasy's first two eps: "Darkside / Stay Awake" and "Cara Sposa".

</doc>
<doc id="19464296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464296" title="Warkop">
Warkop

Warkop (abbreviation Warung Kopi) prior called Warkop Prambors are an Indonesian comedian group that enjoyed success in the 1980s - 1990s. Assembled in Jakarta on 1976 under Prambors management, Warkop burgeoned as favorite comedian group surpassed Srimulat and jakarta group. Subsequently they settled as Warkop DKI ( Dono-Kasino-Indro), after they appeared in the cinema.
Early.
In the mid-1970s, Warkop joined to Prambors for the "Obrolan Santai di Warung Kopi" comedy weekly program. The program showed Dono as Slamet; Kasino as Mas Bei, Acong, and Buyung; Indro as Mastowi and Ubai; Nanu as Tulo; Rudy as Mr. James and Bang Cholil. One time, they showed in "Terminal Musikal" program, directed by Mus Mualim. That program ultimately boosted Warkop's reputation as the comedy group.
Personnel.
The members are Wahjoe Sardono, Kasino Hadiwibowo, Indrodjojo Kusumonegoro, Nanu Mulyono, and Rudy Badil. They are Javanese and graduates. Dono, Kasino, Nanu were students at University of Indonesia and Indro was a student at Pancasila University. With a background as students, many of the comedy topics contained social criticism.
Filmography.
Warkop was particularly productive comic group during 1979 - 1994. The trio starred in 34 comedy films.

</doc>
<doc id="19464309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464309" title="San Andrés Larráinzar">
San Andrés Larráinzar

San Andrés Larráinzar is a town in the Mexican state of Chiapas.
It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Larráinzar. 
The San Andrés Accords, between the federal government and the Zapatista Army of National Liberation (EZLN), were signed in the town on 16 February 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19464311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464311" title="Picture consequences">
Picture consequences

Picture consequences is a circle game in which a group of people cooperatively draw a person.
It takes about 20 minutes to play.
It was played by the Surrealists, where it was known as exquisite corpse, although that name also described other games.
The person is drawn in portions, with the paper folded after each portion so that later participants cannot see earlier portions.
It has been recommended for use as a tool for teaching about tattoos.
Picture consequences can be used to practice vocabulary and to encourage a class to work together.
The game is also recommended as a "rainy day" game.
The point of the game is the surprise reveal at the end
or for simple fun.
The person can be drawn in four steps: The head, the torso, the legs and the feet.
As a last step, a player may label the drawing, still unseen, with someone's name.
The name "picture consequences" is also sometimes used to describe a game in which players alternate writing descriptions and matching illustrations based on the previous step.

</doc>
<doc id="19464317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464317" title="New Zealand Climate Science Coalition">
New Zealand Climate Science Coalition

The New Zealand Climate Science Coalition is an organisation based in New Zealand which has the aim of refuting what it claims are unfounded claims about anthropogenic global warming.
Beginnings.
The New Zealand Climate Science Coalition is a group of scientists, mainly from New Zealand, whose stated aim is to “"represent accurately, and without prejudice, facts regarding climate change; to provide considered opinion on matters related to both natural and human-caused climate effects; and to comment on the economic and socio-political consequences of climate change"”.
The Coalition was formed in April 2006 by the group because of their shared concern “"at the misleading information being disseminated about climate change and so-called anthropogenic (man-made) global warming"”. They hold the position that “"climate science is not settled, that the world is not on the brink of a man-made global warming catastrophe"”.
The New Zealand Climate Science Coalition provides links to a range of material and commentary with significance to the scientific and public debate over climate change issues via its website.
Membership.
The chairman of the group is Jack Welch, a former Navy Rear Admiral.
The founding members were:
Events.
In July 2006, the Coalition called on the New Zealand government to institute a Royal Commission on climate change because the public were “"being given incomplete, inaccurate and biased information about the effects of increased concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere"” when “"global warming caused by man-made emissions of greenhouse gases...cannot be substantiated"”. The Government refused on the grounds that the majority of climate scientists in the world agree that there is no longer any doubt that climate is changing due to human activity.
In April 2007, the Coalition described the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report as “"dangerous unscientific nonsense"” and “"lacking in scientific rigour"”.
In March 2008, the "New Zealand Listener" reported that Owen McShane and Bryan Leyland and the Coalition were lobbying business journalists to cover their questioning of climate change science in order to create an illusion of greater disagreement over the science than actually exists.
In July 2008, the Coalition issued a press release that stated that the premise that “"the globe is warming"” was “"a lie"”. The release also described the Royal Society of New Zealand's statement on climate change as “"an orchestrated litany of lies"”.
In August 2010, the Coalition commenced legal action against the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research, asking the High Court to invalidate its official temperature record, to prevent it using the temperature record when advising Government and to require the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research to produce a "full and accurate" temperature record. In 2012, the High Court declined all claims and ruled that the Coalition pay NIWA's costs. In response to the ruling, the Coalition liquidated the trust fund it administered to handle the court case, in an attempt to avoid financial liability.
Heartland Institute Connections.
The Heartland Institute, a conservative/libertarian political think tank that rejects mainstream scientific information about man-made climate change, has funded New Zealand’s most prominent anti-climate-science groups. In 2007, Heartland granted US$25,000 (NZ$32,000) to the NZ Climate Science Coalition. They also gifted the International Climate Science Coalition US$45,000 (NZ$59,000).

</doc>
<doc id="19464335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464335" title="Estonian National Museum">
Estonian National Museum

The Estonian National Museum () founded 1909 in Tartu is a museum devoted to folklorist Jakob Hurt's heritage, to Estonian ethnography and folk art. The first items for the museum were originally collected in the latter part of the 19th century. 
The museum tracks the history, life and traditions of the Estonian people, presents the culture and history of other Finno-Ugric peoples, and the minorities in Estonia. It has a comprehensive display of traditional Estonian national costumes form all regions. A collection of wood carved beer tankards illustrates the traditional peasant fests and holidays. The exhibition includes an array of other handicrafts from hand-woven carpets to linen tablecloths. 
History.
The museum opened at Raadi Manor in 1922 with the Finnish ethnographer Ilmari Manninen as its director. Manninen had been working for Tartu University since 1919. Raadi Manor had been the ancestral home of art collectors like Karl Eduard and hos son Ernst Friedrich von Liphart. They had moved away in 1860 but their collections remained although the most valuable parts had been sold starting in 1920. Although they were lovers of art the Lipharts were not well regarded by the local Estonians. They were seen as "culturally revolting" Baltic German's at that time.
Raadi Airfield was built on the manor's land in 1940. Raadi Manor, the main building of the museum, was destroyed in the Tartu Offensive during World War II. After this the airfield dominated not just the museum but the whole of the city. The airfield became a secret Soviet bomber base and there was no room for the museum's collection. During this time Tartu's culture was hidden. The museum's artefacts had to be stored in churches and other spare space around the city and the air base meant that foreigners were not allowed to visit the city.
In 2005 the Estonian Ministry of Culture and the Union of Estonian Architects announced together with the museum an international competition for the Estonian National Museum’s New building. The project was won by an international collaboration of architects for the work "Memory Field": Lina Ghotmeh(Paris, France), Dan Dorell (Paris, France) and Tsuyoshi Tane (London, UK). 
The new single storey building will house the museum as well as supplying conference space and a cinema. The building design will incorporate the history of the site including the manor, the war and the airfield. The building work should start before 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="19464350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464350" title="Mentalism (discrimination)">
Mentalism (discrimination)

Mentalism or Sanism is a form of discrimination and oppression because of a mental trait or condition a person has, or is judged to have. This may or may not be described in terms of mental disorder or disability. The discrimination is based on numerous factors such as: stereotypes about individual differences or conditions (e.g. ADHD, bipolar, schizophrenia, personality disorder diagnoses), specific behavioral phenomena (e.g. stuttering, tics), or supposed intelligence, or neurology (e.g. neurodiversity on the autism spectrum).
Like other "isms" such as sexism and racism, mentalism involves multiple intersecting oppressions and complex social inequalities and imbalances of power. It can result in covert discrimination by multiple, small insults and indignities. It is characterized by judgments of another persons' perceived mental health status. These judgments are followed by actions such as blatant, overt discrimination (refusal of service, denying of human rights). Mentalism impacts how individuals are treated by the general public, by mental health professionals, and by institutions, including the legal system. The negative attitudes may also be internalized.
The terms mentalism (from mental) and sanism (from sane) have some widespread use, though concepts such as social stigma, and in some cases ableism, may be used in similar but not identical ways.
While mentalism and sanism are used interchangeably, sanism is becoming predominant in certain circles, such as academics, those who identify as mad and mad advocates and in a socio-political context where sanism is gaining ground as a movement. The movement of sanism is an act of resistance among those who identify as mad, consumer survivors, and mental health advocates. In academia evidence of this movement can be found in the number of recent publications about sanism and social work practice.
Origin of terms.
The term "sanism" was coined by Morton Birnbaum during his work representing Edward Stephens, a mental health patient, in a legal case in the 1960s. Birnbaum was a physician, lawyer and mental health advocate who helped establish a constitutional right to treatment for psychiatric patients along with safeguards against involuntary commitment. Since first noticing the term in 1980, New York legal processor Michael L. Perlin continued to use the term thereafter.
In 1978 Judi Chamberlain coined the term mentalism in her book "On Our Own: Patient Controlled Alternatives to the Mental Health System," which for some time became the standard text of the psychiatric survivor movement in the US.
As of 1998 these terms have been adopted by some consumers/survivors in the UK and the USA, but had not gained general currency. This left a conceptual gap filled in part by the concept of 'stigma', but this has been criticized for focusing less on institutionalized discrimination with multiple causes, but on whether people perceive mental health issues as shameful or worse than they are. Despite its use, a body of literature demonstrated widespread discrimination across many spheres of life, including employment, parental rights, housing, immigration, insurance, health care and access to justice. However, the use of new "isms" has also been questioned on the grounds that they can be perceived as divisive, out of date, or a form of undue political correctness. The same criticisms, in this view, may not apply so much to broader and more accepted terms like 'discrimination' or 'social exclusion'.
There is also the umbrella term ableism, referring to discrimination against those who are (perceived as) disabled. In terms of the brain, there is the movement for the recognition of neurodiversity. The term 'psychophobia' (from psyche and phobia) has occasionally been used with a similar meaning, and may also refer to a general fear of the depths or potential of the mind.
Social division.
According to Dr Coni Kalinowski (a psychiatrist at the University of Nevada and Director of Mojave Community Servicesand Pat Risser (a mental health consultant and self-described former recipient of mental health services[http://www.times-gazette.com/local%20news/2011/08/20/off-to-hollywood-local-mental-health-advocate-to-receive-award), mentalism at one extreme can lead to a categorical dividing of people into an empowered group assumed to be normal, healthy, reliable, and capable, and a powerless group assumed to be sick, disabled, crazy, unpredictable, and violent. This divide can justify inconsiderate treatment of the latter group and expectations of poorer standards of living for them, for which they may be expected to express gratitude. Further discrimination may involve labeling some as "high functioning" and some as "low-functioning"; while this may enable the targeting of resources, in both categories human behaviors are recast in pathological terms.
The discrimination can be so fundamental and unquestioned that it can stop people truly empathizing (although they may think they are) or genuinely seeing the other point of view with respect. Some mental conditions can impair awareness and understanding in certain ways at certain times, but mentalist assumptions may lead others to erroneously believe that they necessarily understand the person's situation and needs better than they do themselves.
Reportedly even within the disability rights movement internationally, "there is a lot of sanism", and "disability organisations don’t always 'get' mental health and don’t want to be seen as mentally defective." Conversely, those coming from the mental health side may not view such conditions as disabilities in the same way.
Some national government-funded charities view the issue as primarily a matter of stigmatizing attitudes within the general public, perhaps due to people not having enough contact with those (diagnosed with) mental illness, and one head of a schizophrenia charity has compared mentalism to the way racism may be more prevalent when people don't spend time together throughout life. A psychologist who runs The Living Museum facilitating current or former psychiatric patients to exhibit artwork, has referred to the attitude of the general public as psychophobia.
Clinical terminology.
Mentalism may be enshrined in clinical terminology in subtle ways, including in the basic diagnostic categories used by psychiatry (as in the DSM or ICD). There is some ongoing debate as to which terms and criteria may communicate contempt or inferiority, rather than facilitate real understanding of people and their issues.
Some oppose the entire process as 'labeling' and some have responded to justifications for it – for example that it is necessary for clinical or administrative purposes – as the way a person may justify the use of ethnic slurs because they intend no harm. Others argue that most aspects could easily be expressed in a more accurate and less offensive manner.
Some clinical terms may be used far beyond the usual narrowly defined meanings, in a way that can obscure the regular human and social context of people's experiences. For example, having a bad time may be assumed to be decompensation; incarceration or solitary confinement may be described as "treatment" regardless of benefit to the person; regular activities like listening to music, engaging in exercise or sporting activities, or being in a particular physical or social environment (milieu), may be referred to as "therapy"; all sorts of responses and behaviors may be assumed to be "symptoms"; core adverse effects of drugs may be termed "side" effects.
The director of a US-based psychiatric survivors organization focused on rights and freedoms, David Oaks, has advocated the taking back of words like "mad", "lunatic", "crazy" or "bonkers". While acknowledging that some choose not to use such words in any sense, he questions whether medical terms like 'mentally ill', 'psychotic' or 'clinically depressed' really are more helpful or indicative of seriousness than possible alternatives. Oaks says that for decades he has been exploring the depths of sanism and has not yet found an end, and suggests it may be the most pernicious 'ism' because people tend to define themselves by their rationality and their core feelings. One possible response is to critique 'normality' and the problems associated with 'normal' functioning around the world, although in some ways that could also potentially constitute a form of mentalism.
British writer Clare Allen argues that even reclaimed slang terms such as 'mad' are just not accurate. In addition, she sees the commonplace mis-use of concepts relating to mental health problems – including for example jokes about people hearing voices as if that automatically undermines their credibility – as equivalent to racist or sexist phrases that would be considered obviously discriminatory. She characterises such usage as indicating an underlying psychophobia and contempt.
Blame.
Interpretations of behaviors, and applications of treatments, may be done in an arrogant unjustified way because of an underlying mentalism, according to critics. If a recipient disagrees or does not change, they may be labeled as "non-compliant", "uncooperative", "treatment-resistant". This is despite the fact that the issue may be inadequate understanding of the person or his/her problems, adverse medication effects, a poor match between the treatment and the person's lifestyle, stigma associated with the treatment, difficulty with access, cultural unacceptability, or many other issues.
Mentalism may lead people to assume that someone is not aware of what they are doing and that there is no point trying to communicate with them, despite the fact that they may well have a level of awareness and desire to connect even if they are acting in a seemingly irrational or self-harming way. In addition, mental health professionals and others may tend to equate subduing a person with treatment; a quiet client who causes no community disturbance may be deemed "improved" no matter how miserable or incapacitated that person may feel as a result.
Clinicians may blame clients for not being sufficiently motivated to work on treatment goals or recovery, and as "acting out" when things are not agreed with or are found upsetting. But critics say that in the majority of cases this is actually due to the client having been treated in a disrespectful, judgmental, or dismissive manner. Nevertheless, such behavior may be justified by characterizing the client as demanding, angry or "needing limits". To overcome this, it has been suggested that power-sharing should be cultivated and that when respectful communication breaks down, the first thing that needs to be asked is whether mentalist prejudices have been expressed.
Neglect.
Mentalism has been linked to negligence in monitoring for adverse effects of medications (or other interventions), or to viewing such effects as more acceptable than they would be for others. This has been compared to instances of maltreatment based on racism. Mentalism has also been linked to neglect in failing to check for, or fully respect, people's past experiences of abuse or other trauma. Treatments that do not support choice and self-determination may cause people to re-experience the helplessness, pain, despair, and rage that accompanied the trauma, and yet attempts to cope with this may be labeled as "acting out", "manipulating" or "attention-seeking".
In addition, mentalism can lead to "poor" or "guarded" predictions of the future for a person, which could be an overly pessimistic view skewed by a narrow clinical experience. It could also be made impervious to contrary evidence because those who succeed can be discounted as having been misdiagnosed or as not having the "real" form of a disorder. While some mental health problems can involve very substantial disability and can be very difficult to overcome in society, predictions based on prejudice and stereotypes can be self-fulfilling because individuals pick up on a message that they have no real hope, and realistic hope is said to be a key foundation of recovery. At the same time, a trait or condition might be considered more a form of individual difference that society needs to include and adapt to, in which case a mentalist attitude might be associated with assumptions and prejudices about what constitutes 'normal' society and who is deserving of adaptations, support or consideration.
Institutional discrimination.
Offensive and injurious practices may be integrated into clinical procedures, to the point where professionals no longer recognize them as such, in what has been described as a form of institutional discrimination. This may be apparent in physical separation, including separate facilities or accommodation, or in lower standards for some than others. Mental health professionals may find themselves drawn into systems based on bureaucratic and financial imperatives and social control, resulting in alienation from their original values, disappointment in "the system", and adoption of the cynical, mentalist beliefs that may pervade an organization. However, just as employees can be dismissed for disparaging sexual or ethnic remarks, it is argued that staff who are entrenched in negative stereotypes, attitudes, and beliefs about those labeled with mental disorders need to be removed from service organizations. A related theoretical approach, known as expressed emotion, has also focused on negative interpersonal dynamics relating to care givers, especially within families. However, the point is also made in such views that institutional and group environments can be challenging from all sides, and that clear boundaries and rights are required for everyone.
The mental health professions have themselves been criticised. While social work (also known as clinical social work) has appeared to have more potential than others to understand and assist those using services, and has talked a lot academically about anti-oppressive practice intended to support people facing various -isms, it has allegedly failed to address mentalism to any significant degree. The field has been accused, by social work professionals with experience of using services themselves, of failing to help people identify and address what is oppressing them; of unduly deferring to psychiatric or biomedical conventions particularly in regard to those deemed most unwell; and of failing to address its own discriminatory practices, including its conflicts of interest in its official role aiding the social control of patients through involuntary commitment.
In the "user/survivor" movement in England, Pete Shaughnessy, a founder of mad pride, concluded that the National Health Service is "institutionally mentalist and has a lot of soul searching to do in the new Millennium", including addressing the prejudice of its office staff. He suggested that when prejudice is applied by the very professionals who aspire to eradicate it, it raises the question of whether it will ever be eradicated. Shaughnessy committed suicide in 2002.
The psychiatric survivors movement has been described as a feminist issue, because the problems it addresses are "important for all women because mentalism acts as a threat to all women" and "mentalism threatens women's families and children." A psychiatric survivor and professional has said that "Mentalism parallels sexism and racism in creating an oppressed underclass, in this case of people who have received psychiatric diagnosis and treatment". She reported that the most frequent complaint of psychiatric patients is that nobody listens, or only selectively in the course of trying to make a diagnosis.
On a society-wide level, mentalism has been linked to people being kept in poverty as second class citizens; to employment discrimination keeping people living on handouts; to interpersonal discrimination hindering relationships; to stereotypes promoted through the media spreading fears of unpredictability and dangerousness; and to people fearing to disclose or talk about their experiences.
The legal system.
With regard to legal protections against discrimination, mentalism may only be covered under general frameworks such as the disability discrimination acts that are in force in some countries, and which require a person to say that they have a disability and to prove that they meet the criteria.
In terms of the legal system itself, the law is traditionally based on technical definitions of sanity and insanity, and so the term 'sanism' may be used in response. The concept is well known in the US legal community, being referred to in nearly 300 law review articles between 1992 and 2013, though is less well known in the medical community.
Michael Perlin, Professor of Law at New York Law School, has defined sanism as "an irrational prejudice of the same quality and character as other irrational prejudices that cause and are reflected in prevailing social attitudes of racism, sexism, homophobia, and ethnic bigotry that permeates all aspects of mental disability law and affects all participants in the mental disability law system: litigants, fact finders, counsel, and expert and lay witnesses."
Perlin notes that sanism affects the theory and practice of law in largely invisible and socially acceptable ways, based mainly on "stereotype, myth, superstition, and deindividualization." He believes that its "corrosive effects have warped involuntary civil commitment law, institutional law, tort law, and all aspects of the criminal process (pretrial, trial and sentencing)." According to Perlin, judges are far from immune, tending to reflect sanist thinking that has deep roots within our culture. This results in judicial decisions based on stereotypes in all areas of civil and criminal law, expressed in biased language and showing contempt for mental health professionals. Moreover, courts are often impatient and attribute mental problems to "weak character or poor resolve".
Sanist attitudes are prevalent in the teaching of law students, both overtly and covertly, according to Perlin. He notes that this impacts on the skills at the heart of lawyering such as "interviewing, investigating, counseling and negotiating", and on every critical moment of clinical experience: "the initial interview, case preparation, case conferences, planning litigation (or negotiation) strategy, trial preparation, trial and appeal."
There is also widespread discrimination by jurors, who Perlin characterizes as demonstrating "irrational brutality, prejudice, hostility, and hatred" towards defendants where there is an insanity defence. Specific sanist myths include relying on popular images of craziness; an 'obsession' with claims that mental problems can be easily faked and experts duped; assuming an absolute link between mental illness and dangerousness; an 'incessant' confusion and mixing up of different legal tests of mental status; and assuming that defendants acquitted on insanity defenses are likely to be released quickly. Although there are claims that neuroimaging has some potential to help in this area, Perlin concludes that it is very difficult to weigh the truth or relevance of such results due to the many uncertainties and limitations, and as it may be either disregarded or over-hyped by scientists, lawyers or in the popular imagination. He believes "the key to an answer here is a consideration of sanism", because to a great extent it can "overwhelm all other evidence and all other issues in this conversation". He suggests that "only therapeutic jurisprudence has the potential power to "strip the sanist facade""
Perlin has suggested that the international Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities is a revolutionary human rights document which has the potential to be the best tool to challenge sanist discrimination. 
He has also addressed the topic of sanism as it affects which sexual freedoms or protections are afforded to psychiatric patients, especially in forensic facilities.
Sanism in the legal profession can affect many people in communities who at some point in their life struggle with some degree of mental health problems, according to Perlin. This may unjustly limit their ability to legally resolve issues in their communities such as: "contract problems, property problems, domestic relations problems, and trusts and estates problems."
Susan Fraser, a lawyer in Canada who specializes in advocating for vulnerable people, argues that sanism is based on fear of the unknown, reinforced by stereotypes that dehumanize individuals. She argues that this causes the legal system to fail to properly defend patients' rights to refuse potentially harmful medications; to investigate deaths in psychiatric hospitals and other institutions in an equal way to others; and to fail to properly listen to and respect the voices of mental health consumers and survivors.
In education.
Similar issues have been identified by Perlin in how children are dealt with in regard to learning disabilities, including in special education. In any area of law, he points out, two of the most common sanist myths are presuming that persons with mental disabilities are 'faking', or that such persons would not be disabled if they only 'tried harder'. In this particular area, he concludes that labeled children are stereotyped in a process rife with racial, class and gender bias. Although intended to help some children, he contends that in reality it can be not merely a double-edged sword but a triple, quadruple or quintuple edged sword. The end result of sanist prejudices and misconceptions, in the context of academic competition, is that 'we are left with a system that is, in many important ways, stunningly incoherent'.
Multiple discriminations.
A spiral of oppression experienced by some groups in society has been identified. Firstly, oppressions occur on the basis of perceived or actual differences (which may be related to broad group stereotypes such as racism, sexism, classism, ageism, homophobia etc.). This can have negative physical, social, economic and psychological effects on individuals, including emotional distress and what might be considered mental health problems. Then, society's response to such distress may be to treat it within a system of medical and social care rather than (also) understanding and challenging the oppressions that gave rise to it, thus reinforcing the problem with further oppressive attitudes and practices, which can lead to more distress, and so on in a vicious cycle. In addition, due to coming into contact with mental health services, people may become subject to the oppression of mentalism, since society (and mental health services themselves) have such negative attitudes towards people with a psychiatric diagnosis, thus further perpetuating oppression and discrimination.
People suffering such oppression within society may be drawn to more radical political action, but sanist structures and attitudes have also been identified in activist communities. This includes cliques and social hierarchies that people with particular issues may find very difficult to break into or be valued by. There may also be individual rejection of people for strange behavior just because it's not considered culturally cool, or alternatively insensitivity to emotional states including suicidality, or denial that someone has issues if they appear 'normal'.

</doc>
<doc id="19464377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464377" title="1973 Winchester 400">
1973 Winchester 400

The 1973 Winchester 400 motor race, the fourth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on September 30, 1973, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Vern Schrock of Middlebury, Indiana became the most improbable of winners, as he went from spectator to event Champion in winning the fourth running of the Winchester 400. Schrock arrived at the track without a ride, but with his driving suit and helmet in his passenger car, just in case. When Dave Wall of Kansas City, Missouri, failed to show for qualifying, Schrock hopped in the car and turned in the seventh-fastest time of the 89 cars that would attempt to qualify. When Wall was still a no-show on race day, Schrock would climb back into the machine and proceed to make "400" history.
The race.
Ed VanderLaan of Grand Rapids, Michigan started off the weekend with a track record qualifying time of 17.930 seconds (100.390 MPH). At the drop of the green, VanderLaan made his starting spot pay off as he powered by Don Gregory for the lead.
Tom Maier would take the lead on lap 115 and hold it through lap 160. Don Schoenfeld led the next 38 laps. Passing the halfway point, Maier, VanderLaan, Jim Cushman, and Eldon Byler all would take turns at the lead. Cruising amongst the top-five most of the race, Schrock took the lead for the first time on lap 294 and would never relinquish the top spot. At the finish, it was Schrock winning by a half lap and collecting $5,270. Cushman would take a career-best second followed by Donnie Roberts, Paul Weisner, and Joe Ruttman.

</doc>
<doc id="19464405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464405" title="Tasman Island">
Tasman Island

Tasman Island is an oval island, with an area of 1.2 km2, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of the Tasman Island Group, lying close to the south-eastern coast of Tasmania around the Tasman Peninsula, and is in the Tasman National Park. It is a plateau surrounded by steep dolerite cliffs, with its highest point 300 m asl and an average plateau height of 280 m asl. It is the site of the Tasman Island Lighthouse and weather station, which has been automated since 1976 and unmanned since 1977.
Flora and fauna.
Plants.
The island was once thickly forested. The forest has largely disappeared as a result of cutting the trees for firewood and of intense fires. When the lighthouse was manned the keepers kept livestock, including cattle, sheep and draught horses, and maintained grassland for their grazing. Areas of grassland remain along with other vegetation communities of heathy scrub, regenerating scrub, sheoak woodland, sedgeland and coastal mosaic. An important plant present is the rare Cape Pillar Sheoak ("Allocasuarina crassa").
Birds.
Tasman Island is a very important breeding site for Fairy Prions, with an estimated 300,000-700,000 pairs, making it the largest such colony in Tasmania, and possibly in Australia. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports over 1% of the world population of the species. Other recorded breeding seabird species are Little Penguin (now extinct there as a breeding species), Short-tailed Shearwater and Sooty Shearwater. The Swamp Harrier has also bred on the island.
The breeding seabirds were preyed on by a feral cat population estimated at about 50, feeding mainly on Fairy Prions and taking about 50,000 birds annually. The cats were eradicated by a baiting, trapping and hunting program carried out in May 2010.
Other animals.
Australian and New Zealand Fur Seals use the rocky shore as a haul-out site, and the latter species has bred there in small numbers. Humpback Whales pass through the surrounding waters. Reptiles recorded from the island include the Metallic Skink, White's Skink, Spotted Skink and She-oak Skink. A notable invertebrate, so far recorded only from Tasman Island, is the cricket "Tasmanoplectron isolatum".

</doc>
<doc id="19464406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464406" title="KUBA">
KUBA

KUBA (1600 AM) is a radio station based in Marysville, California. which serves the Marysville and Yuba City area, also known as the Yuba-Sutter Area. From 2008-2011, KUBA simulcasted its programming full-time on 95.5 FM, via FM translator K238AV licensed to Yuba City. Transmitting power is 5,000 watts day and 2,500 watts night.
KUBA is owned and operated by Results Radio. It offers a classic hits music format, along with extensive local news and sports coverage.
KUBA, KMYC-AM, KRYC, KCYC, KCCL, KKCY and KOBO, are the only radio stations broadcasting in the Yuba-Sutter region.
Station history.
KUBA was founded on January 24, 1947, and went on the air as an independent radio station on January 10, 1948. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted a license to the station to start broadcasting at 500 watts of power on 1600 kilohertz. Power was raised to 1,000 watts in 1949 with the installation of a new 2-tower directional antenna system and the studio were moved to the Hotel Marysville in 1950. The power was once again increased, this time to 5,000 watts in February 1961. The station was once again relocated in 1963 to an office building on 4th Street in Marysville before moving to its permanent home in Yuba City in the early 1970s.
In January 1983, KUBA was purchased by the Harlan Family and remained there until the summer of 2004, when the station merged with Nevada County Broadcasters to increase coverage into the Nevada City, Grass Valley area. Nevada County Broadcasters sold KUBA in August 2010.
Format history.
Both bands.
From February 13, 2008-August 10, 2011. KUBA was allowed to broadcast a simulcast of its programming on K238AV 95.5 FM. KUBA was one of the first AM radio stations in the country to qualify to add an FM signal under a new Federal Communications Commission ruling.
In 2008, KUBA celebrated its 60th birthday. AM 1600 KUBA has gone through a few format changes from country music in 1999 to "America's Best Music" to what we are today "Classic Hits of the 60's and 70's" plus news and information you need to know about.

</doc>
<doc id="19464421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464421" title="Partlow, Virginia">
Partlow, Virginia

Partlow is an unincorporated community–populated place in Spotsylvania County in the U.S. state of Virginia. Partlow is a small rural community located between Jefferson Davis Highway (U.S. 1) and Lake Anna. It sits at an elevation of 400 feet, and appears on the Lake Anna East U.S. Geological Survey Map. Partlow's zip code is 22534, and as of the 2000 census, it had a population of 2,083.
Partlow's primary historical significance is as the location of the plantation where Kunta Kinte was enslaved. Partlow is also home to Wallers Baptist Church, a historically notable church founded in 1769, known for the notorious persecutions against its founding pastor, John "Swearing Jack" Waller, by the Church of England.
Originally, the area was termed "Pea Ridge" and was the site of a slave auction. Part of the original slave block still rests directly on Rt. 738 between the Partlow Post Office and Mt. Olive Church Rd (Rt. 658). A tavern was established by Capt. John C. Partlow on the same corner as the slave block called "The Partlow Tavern". Capt. Partlow, along with Benjamin Waller, a descendant of John Waller (founder of Waller's Church) were persecuted for their religion and briefly jailed at one point for having services in their homes.
In the early 19th century, Benjamin Waller and John Partlow worked together to form the first Partlow Post Office. The family farm, although largely reduced in size, still exists on Shirleys Hill Road. The last direct descendant bearing the Partlow name, Anne Partlow Pemberton, died in January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19464428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464428" title="Dark Angel (Dale novel)">
Dark Angel (Dale novel)

Dark Angel is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author John Dale.

</doc>
<doc id="19464432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464432" title="Les Selvage">
Les Selvage

Lester Revell Selvage (March 7, 1943 – June 15, 1991) was an American professional basketball player.
A 6'1" guard from Beaumont High School in St. Louis, Missouri, Selvage played college basketball at Kirksville State Teachers College (now Truman State University). He was named to the All-MIAA First Team in 1963. After college, he moved to California to work with Douglas Aircraft, but continued to play Amateur Athletic Union basketball on the side. He was discovered and signed by the ABA's Anaheim Amigos in 1967, and appeared in 78 games for the team during the 1967-68 season, averaging 14 points per game. Selvage also was briefly a member of the 1969-1970 Los Angeles Stars team. 
Selvage was known for his eagerness to shoot three-pointers, and led the ABA in three-point field goals made (147) and attempted (461) during the 1967-68 season. Selvage himself attempted more threes that season than any other ABA team except the Pittsburgh Pipers, and once shot 26 three-pointers in a single game, making 10. Former Denver Rockets coach Bob Bass recalled, "He acted like if he stepped over three-point line, he was going to get killed or something. He didn't just shoot 25-footers — he took 30-footers. [...] All he could do was shoot, and he shot too much. But when he was hot, he was unlike anything I had ever seen." 
Selvage died in 1991 after a brief illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19464459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464459" title="List of shopping malls in Malaysia">
List of shopping malls in Malaysia

This is a list of shopping malls in Malaysia.
Kuala Lumpur.
Kuala Lumpur is a major hub for shopping in Malaysia, with over 28 shopping malls. Bukit Bintang, has 10 shopping malls located in that area.
Selangor.
The larger towns and cities in Selangor consist of various shopping malls that are frequented by tourists and locals.
Negeri Sembilan.
Negeri Sembilan is one of the quiet states in Malaysia. Recent development has resulted in construction of many shopping malls all over Negeri Sembilan.
Johor.
District of Johor Bahru.
Johor will be set as one of the shopping hub in Malaysia other than Klang Valley due to development of Iskandar Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19464465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464465" title="Aziak Island">
Aziak Island

Aziak Island (also called "Azki", "Azlak", "Azik", and "Azaik") is a small island in the Andreanof Islands group in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska. The name "Aziak" is derived from the Aleut word "ha-azax" - "ten," and in many books and charts published before 1920, it was often used to refer to Sledge Island, located to the northeast off the Seward Peninsula, or to a native settlement on that island. This practice apparently became rarer as the twentieth century progressed and today "Aziak" is used almost exclusively to refer the Andreanof-group island. Aziak Island is approximately long and reaches a maximum elevation of . Very little is known about the island and it is uninhabited.

</doc>
<doc id="19464473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464473" title="Daily Democrat">
Daily Democrat

The Daily Democrat is the major daily newspaper in Woodland, California and Yolo County, California. The paper is owned by MediaNews Group. Its headquarters are located in Woodland on Main Street in Woodland's Historic Downtown.
History.
The "Daily Democrat" was owned by the Leake family from 1891 to 1984, when it was sold to the Donrey 
Media Group. Donrey ceded control of the paper to the California Newspapers Partnership in 1999.
Coverage.
Much of the paper's local coverage is concentrated on Woodland and many unincorporated communities in Yolo County. It is widely available through much of Yolo County.
Pricing.
The cost of home delivery is $8.50 per month in all incorporated cities in Yolo County as well as some larger unincorporated communities.

</doc>
<doc id="19464477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464477" title="Ten Tunnels Deviation 1910">
Ten Tunnels Deviation 1910

The Ten Tunnels Deviation is the section of track between Newnes Junction and the Zig Zag Signal Box in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales. It was constructed between 1 June 1908 and 16 October 1910 to replace the Lithgow Zig Zag, which limited the length of goods trains over the Mountains. 
Construction.
The Act approving the construction of the double line deviation was passed by the New South Wales Parliament in December, 1906.
Construction started near the former Oakey Park Colliery on the 1 in 42 Bottom Road, which had already been duplicated in 1880. It eventually passed Bottom Points before entering a series of ten tunnels. Originally eleven were planned, but one of them was opened out instead, owing to the discovery of rock faults, leaving possibly the deepest cutting in New South Wales. The headquarters for the works was at nearby Clarence, where much of the navvies were temporarily housed. Here a temporary power station was established for rock drills, lighting, compressors, etc.
Access to the tunnel locations and the short open sections between the cliffs was extremely difficult. At one isolated point, horses and drays were placed on to the worksite by means of a crane and long jibs. There they remained until the tunnels were completed to provide them with a way out.
The supply of materials for Nos. 8, 9 & 10 tunnels was expedited by the construction of a funicular of the 4-rail type from near Mount Sinai on the original line.
Only experienced miners were employed on the more dangerous tunnelling activities, which were carried out by day and night.
The tunnels were situated on a maximum grade of 1 in 90. The line curves towards Newnes Junction after leaving the tunnels at the Sydney end.
Newnes Junction also had to be moved 660 metres to its current place, and two more tracks were also constructed for the Commonwealth Oil Corporation's Wolgan Valley Railway.
When the deviation was completed, much of the equipment was moved to the other deviation works at Glenbrook, as well as the navvies. As a result, the population of Clarence declined rapidly. The deviation was electrified along with the rest of the line in 1957.
In 1978, the roadbed of the Ten Tunnels was lowered to allow the new double deck interurbans to run on the line. The deviation today is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="19464492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464492" title="Stefan Langwieder">
Stefan Langwieder

Stefan Langwieder (born January 8, 1987) is a German professional ice hockey defender who currently plays for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. He initially played for Adler Mannheim during the 2007 season before signing with the Iserlohn Roosters in 2008. On April 5, 2009, Langwieder was signed to a three-year extension to remain with Iserlohn.

</doc>
<doc id="19464493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464493" title="The Fern Tattoo">
The Fern Tattoo

The Fern Tattoo is a 2007 novel by the Australian author David Brooks.
Dedication.
"To my daughter Jessica"
Plot summary.
Benedict's mother has recently died; after the funeral he receives a phone call from Mrs. Darling, a friend of his mother's. Benedict visits the old woman in the countryside where she tells him various tales that involve three generations of families. He spends the next several years visiting Mrs. Darling, rearranging his personal plans so he can visit her more often. One day he receives a phone call that Mrs. Darling is dying. He finally learns that the stories she has been telling him have been about his own family.
Epigraph.
"Yes, man is broad, too broad indeed. I'd have him narrower." - Dmitri Fyodorovitch Karamazov: "The Brothers Karamazov", Fyodor Dostoevsky

</doc>
<doc id="19464497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464497" title="Heinkel Tourist">
Heinkel Tourist

The Heinkel Tourist is a motor scooter made by Heinkel Flugzeugwerke from 1953 to 1965. More than 100,000 were manufactured and sold.
The Tourist was sold as an upscale scooter. It was more expensive than a Vespa or a Lambretta, and was generally heavier, more comfortable, and more stable. It was available with a speedometer, a steering lock, a clock, a luggage carrier, and a spare wheel. It was referred to in England as "The Rolls-Royce of Scooters" and was advertised by a dealer in Massachusetts as "The Cadillac of Scooters". 
The Tourist had a tubular steel frame to which pressed steel body panels were mounted. The engine of the Tourist was mounted in the frame and drove the rear wheel by a chain enclosed in the swingarm. Thus sheltered, the chain ran in a sealed oil bath, extending its life and preventing any oil from contacting either scooter or rider. The engines used in Heinkel Tourists were 4-stroke while most other scooters of the time, including the Heinkel 150 light scooter from the 1960s, had 2-stroke engines.
Production.
Heinkel's first prototype scooter was built in 1949. Production of the Tourist began in 1953.
The Tourist was manufactured in five series: the 101 A0 (1953–1954), the 102 A1 (1954–1955), the 103 A0 (1955–1957), the 103 A1 (1957–1960), and the 103 A2 (1960–1965).
101 A0.
The Tourist 101 A0 was the first series of Heinkel Tourist, the only series with a engine, and the only series with a kick starter. Production began in April 1953. The three-speed transmission was actuated by a twistgrip on a tubular steel handlebar. 
In June 1954, the electrics were uprated from 6 V to 12 V to accommodate the addition of an electric starter at that time. Production of the 101 A0 ended two months later. 6,500 Tourist 101 A0s were built.
102 A1.
Production of the 102 A1 series began in July 1954. The main changes from the 101 A0 were the larger engine, which had been bored and stroked to a capacity of , the absence of a kick starter, and the use of the 12 V electrics and an electric starter as on the last of the 101 A0s. A glove box was included behind the legshield. The speedometer was mounted on the glove box.
17,500 Tourist 102 A1s were built before production ended in August 1955.
103 A0.
Production of the 103 A0 series began in August 1955. 103-series Tourists had four speed transmissions and ten inch wheels, enlarged from the three speed transmissions and eight inch wheels of earlier models. The result was a larger, heavier, and thirstier scooter on one hand, and a faster, more sophisticated scooter on the other.
It is stated that 34,060 Tourist 103 A0s were built before production ended in September 1957, but this production figure is disputed.
103 A1.
Production of the 103 A1 series began in September 1957. The tubular handlebars of previous series were replaced by a cast handlebar containing an instrument panel. The engine, while remaining the same in size, was improved by the use of a two-bearing crankshaft. The engine was now mounted to the frame with rubber mounts, improving the ride.
50,050 Tourist 103 A1s were built before production ended in June 1960.
103 A2.
Production of the final series of Heinkel Tourist, the 103 A2, began in August 1960. The telescopic forks of the previous series were replaced by a two-sided trailing-link fork late in the A2 production run. The rear body panel was restyled and was not interchangeable with those of earlier series. 
55,000 Tourist 103 A2s were built before production of the Heinkel Tourist ended on 31 December 1965.
Specifications.
All Tourist scooters were powered by overhead valve four-stroke single-cylinder engines.
Export.
United Kingdom.
The Coventry-based Excelsior motorcycle manufacturer began importing HeinkelTourist scooters into the United Kingdom in late 1955. In late 1956, Nobel Motors of Picadilly became the new official importer of Heinkel scooters and bubble cars. 
By the end of 1957, the UK importer of Heinkel scooters was International Sales of Dublin. This may have been part of a deal by which an Irish engineering company to build the Heinkel Kabine bubble car under licence. 
Importation of the 103 A2 began in February 1962 by Hans Motors of London, which had an all-German staff. Trojan Cars Ltd., the manufacturers of the Kabine under licence at the time, was already selling Lambretta scooters and did not accept the offer to import Heinkel Tourists.
United States.
Heinkel Tourists were imported into the United States by a succession of authorized distributors:
Approximately 350 Heinkel Tourists were sold in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19464507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464507" title="SS Mauna Loa">
SS Mauna Loa

SS "Mauna Loa" was a steam-powered cargo ship of Matson Navigation Company that was sunk in the bombing of Darwin in February 1942. She was christened SS "West Conob" in 1919 and renamed SS "Golden Eagle" in 1928. At the time of her completion in 1919, the ship was inspected by the United States Navy for possible use as USS "West Conob" (ID-4033) but was neither taken into the Navy nor ever commissioned.
"West Conob" was built in 1919 for the , part of the "West" series of ships—steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort—and was the 14th ship built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company in San Pedro, California. She initially sailed for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and circumnavigated the globe twice by 1921. She began sailing to South America for Swayne & Hoyt Lines in 1925, and then, to Australia and New Zealand. When Swayne & Hoyt's operation was taken over by the Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company a few years later, she sailed under the name "Golden Eagle" until 1934, when she was taken over by the Matson Navigation Company for service between Hawaii and the U.S. mainland and renamed "Mauna Loa", after the large shield volcano on the Island of Hawaii.
Shortly before the United States' entry into World War II, "Mauna Loa" was chartered by the United States Department of War to carry supplies to the Philippines. The ship was part of an aborted attempt to reinforce Allied forces under attack by the Japanese on Timor In mid-February 1942. After the return of her convoy to Darwin, Northern Territory, "Mauna Loa" was one of eight ships sunk in Darwin Harbour in the first Japanese bombing attack on the Australian mainland on 19 February. The remains of her wreck and her cargo are a dive site in the harbor.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. Some 40 "West" ships were built by Los Angeles Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Los Angeles, all given names that began with the word "West". "West Conob" (Los Angeles Shipbuilding yard number 14) was completed in May 1919.
"West Conob" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. She had a steel hull and a deadweight tonnage of . Sources do not give "West Conob"s other hull characteristics, but , a sister ship also built at Los Angeles Shipbuilding had a displacement of 12,225 t with a mean draft of , and a hold deep.
"West Conob"s power plant consisted of a single triple-expansion reciprocating steam engine with cylinders of 28½, 47, and 78 inches (72, 120, and 200 cm) with a stroke. She was outfitted with three Foster water-tube boilers, each with a heating area of and containing 52 and 827 tubes. Her boilers were heated by mechanical oil burners fed by two pumps, each 6 by 4 by 6 inches (15 × 10 × 15 cm) with a capacity of per minute. Fully loaded, the ship could hold of fuel oil. "West Conob"s single screw propeller was in diameter with a pitch and a developed area of . The ship was designed to travel at , and averaged during her first voyage in June 1919.
Career.
After completion, "West Conob" was inspected by the 12th Naval District of the United States Navy for possible naval service and was assigned the identification number of 4033. Had she been commissioned, she would have been known as USS "West Conob" (ID-4033), but the Navy neither took over the ship nor commissioned her.
Little information on the first years of "West Conob"s career is found in sources. But it is known that she was operated by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company on Pacific routes. The ship departed Los Angeles on her maiden voyage to Hong Kong, making her way to San Francisco. "West Conob" departed from there on 13 June 1919 for Honolulu, where she arrived eight days later. After refueling at Honolulu, she headed to Hong Kong, and from there, retraced her route to return to San Francisco. Details of later voyages are not available, but by mid-April 1921, "West Conob" had completed two circumnavigations without needing to stop for repairs. At that time, the allocated "West Conob" for service to Genoa.
In December 1925, "West Conob" was allocated to Swayne & Hoyt Lines for service to the east coast of South America. By mid-1926, "West Conob" was sailing for Swayne & Hoyt's American-Australian-Orient Line when she was reported in the "Los Angeles Times" as sailing to New Zealand with of wallboard.
In October 1927, the "Los Angeles Times" reported on the impending sale of "West Conob" and 18 other Swayne & Holt ships to a San Francisco financier. The ship later became a part of the fleet of the Oceanic and Oriental Navigation Company, a joint venture between Oceanic-Matson, a subsidiary of Matson Navigation Company, and the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company, established to take over operation of transpacific routes that had been managed for the by Swayne & Holt Lines. Some time after March 1928, the ship was renamed "Golden Eagle", the name under which she operated for the next six years. "Golden Eagle" was sailing for Oceanic and Oriental from Los Angeles to Australia in March 1930, when the "Los Angeles Times" reported that she had sailed with of case oil and of general merchandise.
In March 1934, Matson began a new "sugar, molasses and pineapple service" from Hawaii to San Francisco, Los Angeles, and either Philadelphia or New York, featuring "Golden Eagle" and three other cargo ships. In May, after returning from New York on her first voyage in the new service, "Golden Eagle" entered drydock at Los Angeles for general repairs and repainting. She emerged in Matson livery and with the new name of "Mauna Loa". She sailed on her maiden voyage under her new name to Honolulu with of general cargo in late May. "Mauna Loa" continued on the Hawaii–California–Philadelphia/New York service, occasionally making extra voyages from Los Angeles to Honolulu when dictated by cargo bookings. One such extra voyage occurred in February 1936 when she carried almost a full load of building materials for family dwellings in Hawaii.
In August 1936, "Mauna Loa" diverted to respond to a distress call issued by the windjammer "Pacific Queen" some southwest of Los Angeles. "Pacific Queen" had sailed from San Diego in July with a crew of 32—most of whom were Sea Scouts—and had been missing for two weeks. "Mauna Loa"s crew provided required supplies for the sailing vessel and her radioed messages prompted the United States Coast Guard to recall all of its vessels actively searching for "Pacific Queen".
On 18 November 1941, the War Department chartered "Mauna Loa" and seven other ships to carry supplies to the Philippines. Even though details of the charters were deemed confidential, the names of all eight ships were published in the "Los Angeles Times" two days later.
World War II.
Less than three weeks after "Mauna Loa"s charter, the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor propelled the United States into World War II. "Mauna Loa"s movements over the next three months are unknown, but by mid-February 1942, she had made her way to Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
Japanese forces—advancing down the Malay Barrier, the notional Allied line of defense that ran down the Malayan Peninsula through Singapore and the southernmost islands of the Dutch East Indies—had reached the island of Timor by mid February. In order to prevent the fall of that island to the Japanese, which would give them a base within of Darwin, the Allies assembled a joint American-Australian force to reinforce the Australian Sparrow Force and Royal Dutch East Indies Army forces defending Timor.
The American cruiser and destroyer , and the Australian sloops and , led "Mauna Loa" and three other civilian ships out of Darwin Harbour at about 03:00 on 15 February heading for Koepang with relief intended for Timor. "Mauna Loa", loaded with 500 men, and United States Army transport ship carried an Australian infantry battalion and an antitank unit between them. The British refrigerated cargo ship and the American cargo ship carried the 148th Field Artillery Regiment of the Idaho National Guard between them.
The ships were spotted by a Japanese Kawanishi H6K "Mavis" four-engined flying boat that tailed the convoy at . When Captain Albert H. Rooks of "Houston" requested air cover for the convoy, a lone Curtiss P-40 responded and engaged the Mavis, with each plane managing to shoot down the other. At around 09:00 the next day, another Mavis began trailing the convoy and at 11:00, 36 land-based Mitsubishi Ki-21 "Sally" twin-engine bombers and ten seaplanes attacked in two waves. "Houston", the primary target of the bombers, unleashed all of her available antiaircraft fire with neither bombs nor "Houston"s fire being effective. In the second wave, from the southwest and after the ships had scattered, "Houston" shot down seven of forty-four planes and repelled the attacking aircraft. "Houston"s 900 rounds fired in the 45-minute attack resembled a "sheet of flame", according to witnesses. The only casualties during the attack were from one near miss on "Mauna Loa"; 1 crewman and 1 passenger were killed and 18 men were wounded in the attack. The convoy was ordered back to Darwin when word that Koepang had fallen to the Japanese was received; she arrived back in Darwin on 18 February.
Sinking.
On 19 February 1942, the Japanese carrier striking force, consisting of aircraft carriers "Akagi", "Kaga", "Hiryu", and "Soryu" under the command of Admiral Chuichi Nagumo, launched 189 planes to attack Darwin. The carrier planes rendezvoused with 54 land-based bombers from Kendari and Ambon.
At the time of the raid the "Mauna Loa" and "Meigs" had unloaded troops and moved to anchorages with the force's equipment and ammunition aboard with and unloading ammunition at the docks that were the first target of high altitude bombers. Both ships at the dock were hit with "Neptuna" exploding. After a second wave of bombers, concentrating on the airport, came waves of dive bombers that for two hours concentrated on ships in the harbor.
During the attack, "Mauna Loa" quickly sank after she was hit by two bombs that landed in an open hatch. None of her 37-man crew or 7 passengers was injured. Along with "Mauna Loa", two other American ships, destroyer "Peary" and Army transport "Meigs", were sunk. In addition to the many other ships that were damaged, five Commonwealth ships were sunk, including two Australian passenger ships in use as troopships, "Neptuna" and "Zealandia". The total death toll for the attack was around 250; of the total, 157 died on ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19464509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464509" title="Mamadou Diop (politician)">
Mamadou Diop (politician)

Mamadou Diop is a Senegalese politician, and a member of the central committee of the Socialist Party of Senegal. Diop was the mayor of the capital city of Dakar for 18 years between 1984 and 2002. 
He is a member of the Lebou ethnic group.

</doc>
<doc id="19464511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464511" title="Jacques Vigouroux Duplessis">
Jacques Vigouroux Duplessis

Jacques Vigouroux Duplessis, also Jacques Vigoureux-Duplessis (c.1680–1732) was a French painter. He was active from 1699 to 1730, and is mainly known for his Rococo Chinoiserie or Orientalist paintings,
In 1721 he became an instructor at the Royal Tapestry Manufacture in Beauvais, a post he held until 1726.

</doc>
<doc id="19464512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464512" title="Gotta Be Somebody">
Gotta Be Somebody

"Gotta Be Somebody" is the first official single released from Nickelback's sixth studio album, "Dark Horse". Originally, the lead single from the album was set to be "If Today Was Your Last Day" but was changed instead to "Gotta Be Somebody". The song was digitally delivered to all formats on September 29, 2008. "Gotta Be Somebody" has been covered by American country music singer Bucky Covington in 2009, and English pop singer Shayne Ward in 2010. It was used in a video package for the 2008 WWE Tribute to the Troops show.
Music video.
In October 2008, it was reported that an official video from the commercial shoot had been shot with director Jessy Terrero. However, after claims that the band was dissatisfied with the video, it was scrapped. A new video was shot in Vancouver with long-time collaborator Nigel Dick, three months after the release of the single. The video debuted at AOL on Monday, December 15, 2008. The video for "Gotta Be Somebody" starts out in Outer Space, showing various planets before zooming in on Earth. Nickelback is shown playing at the Colosseum in Rome, which is empty. During the chorus, an earthquake comes and cracks the ground the band is standing on. The band is then shown playing on the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City. Again, an earthquake begins during the chorus and the band is finally shown playing an outdoor concert to fans in a Southwestern United States desert inside an Aircraft boneyard. The video swept the 2009 MuchMusic Video Awards, winning awards for best video, best rock video and best post production.
Bucky Covington version.
Country artist Bucky Covington released a version of the song as his fifth single on October 19, 2009. The song is the second single released from his second studio album, "Good Guys". The song debuted at #58 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of November 14, 2009 and ultimately peaked at #51 a few weeks later. The music video, which was directed by Devin Pense, premiered on CMT on October 26, 2009.
Shayne Ward version.
The song was covered by British pop singer Shayne Ward for his third studio album, "Obsession". It was the album's first and only single, released on November 7, 2010. Ward performed the single for the first time on "The X Factor" results show on November 7, 2010.
Background.
"Gotta Be Somebody" was produced by Ray Hedges, Nigel Butler, Cutfather and David Kopatz. In an interview with Digital Spy Shayne Ward spoke about the decision to release a cover song as the album's lead single: "The whole transition from being rock to pop/R&B was really exciting for me and it's definitely made it into my own track. It's the perfect first single to kick-start my "Obsession" album. I don't look it as a cover. It's just a great song. I hadn't heard the song for a while before I recorded it, but I got into it again straight away because it's got such a catchy chorus." According to Ward, the song is about hope, "It's got a great message too - it's about hope, that there's someone out there for all of us. The music video for the single was shot in Los Angeles on 27 September 2010, and was directed by Bille Woodruff. The single's B-Side, "Future Love", is a cover of Kristinia DeBarge's version of the Varsity Fanclub original. The video for "Gotta Be Somebody" premiered on YouTube on October 29, 2010.
Chart performance.
"Gotta Be Somebody" debuted first on 12 November 2010 on the Irish Singles Chart at number 10, giving Ward his sixth Top 10 hit in the country. On 14 November 2010, the single debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 12; having been predicted to chart within the Top 10 earlier that week. This marks Ward's seventh Top 20 hit and second single that failed to crack the Top 10.

</doc>
<doc id="19464547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464547" title="Karl Theodor Menke">
Karl Theodor Menke

Karl Theodor Menke (September 13, 1791 – 1861) was a German malacologist and balneologist who was a native of Bremen. He is remembered for his research of snails.
He studied medicine at the University of Göttingen, and worked as a physician at the spa in Bad Pyrmont. In 1844 he founded the journal "Zeitschrift für Malakozoologie" (from 1854 titled "Malakozoologische Blatten"). With Ludwig Karl Georg Pfeiffer (1805—1877), he was editor of the magazine.
During his lifetime, Menke amassed a large collection of snail shells, which were purchased by dealer M.J. Landauer of Frankfurt after his death. The snail species "Cerithium menkei" and "Natica menkeana" are named after Menke.

</doc>
<doc id="19464582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464582" title="Macalister">
Macalister

MacAlister, MacAllister is a Gaelic surname, meaning 'son of Alexander'. The name originated in Scotland and belonged to a branch of the Clan Donald; they became an independent clan in 1493. From about the thirteenth century, MacAlisters were settling in the Glens of Northern Ireland, and they became numerous there. It can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19464584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464584" title="Takeshi Mori (director)">
Takeshi Mori (director)

He began working in 1986 at Ajia-do Animation Works as an in-between animation artist before moving on to key animation work. From there, he worked as a storyboard artist and producer for the NTV/Studio Pierrot TV series "Moeru! Onii-san". After being impressed by the OVA series "Top o Nerae!", he began working for Gainax. After working as a storyboard artist on "", Mori directed the series "Edokko Boy Gatten Tasuke". More recent series he has directed include "Vandread", "Ruin Explorers Fam & Ihrlie", "Meltylancer", and "Stratos 4".
Throughout his career, he has used the pen names , , and (the last meaning "behind the scenes director"). He is the son of former Chunichi Dragons #4 batter .
Works.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19464593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464593" title="Google Audio Indexing">
Google Audio Indexing

Google Audio Indexing, also known as GAudi, is a widget for iGoogle, a beta product which indexes the audio of YouTube videos in the "politicians" channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19464594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464594" title="Weechi-it-te-win Family Services">
Weechi-it-te-win Family Services

Weechi-it-te-win Family Services is a family services agency focused on the needs of Anishinaabe families in ten communities in the southern part of the traditional territory of the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty #3 in Canada. It provides bicultural aboriginal and mainstream child protection and prevention services based upon cultural competence. Weechi-it-te-win "is an example of First Nations communities reclaiming jurisdiction for their children and safeguarding a cultural heritage shaken by the impacts of colonization, the legacy of the residential schools and intervention by the mainstream child welfare system." Weechi-te-win is a national child protection agency of the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty #3. The defining difference between Weechi-it-te-win and mainstream services is its focus on customary care. Its website says: "Weechi-it-te-win was founded as an Indian Alternative and we continue to envision the revitalizing of an Anishinaabe child care system that is rooted in the customs, traditions and values of the Anishinaabe people."
Children and cultural survival.
Like other agencies for aboriginal child protection world-wide, Weechi-it-te-win is focused on the protection of children within a modern aboriginal and also bi-cultural context. "The mission of Weechi-it-te-win is to preserve Indian (Anishinaabe) culture and identity among our people; to strengthen and maintain Indian (Anishinaabe) families and through them our communities; and to assure the growth, support and development of all children within our families and communities." This mission must be understood in the context of a history of both the systemic use of aboriginal child protection for genocidal purposes and the participation of Anishinaabe communities in mainstream society in Canada. Denying a people the right to raise its own children is a method for culturally extinguishing it.
Anishinaabe customary law.
Weechi-it-te-win bicultural practice is based upon both customary law of the Anishinaabe Nation in Treaty #3 and statutory law of the Province of Ontario. Customary care derives from customary laws. Customary Anishinaabe laws are mostly uncodified. Such laws are enforceable in the courts of Canada. “Abinoojii naaniigaan” expresses a foundational legal principle in Anishinaabe law: that the total well being of a child is the central consideration in the care and protection of children. It means literally, “The child comes first and foremost,” and admits neither exception nor excuse. This principle is consistent with but more forceful than the conventional child protection concept: "the best interests of the child". Even more forceful is a companion principle: "kizheowsowin", which invokes the fierce love for, and protection of, children exemplified by a mother bear who will kill or die in the protection of her cubs. Taken together, Anishinaabe customary legal principles reflect a more holistic worldview and so give relatively greater emphasis to spiritual, cultural and relational needs in addition to physical needs of the child. This emphasis seems to be a common element in aboriginal child protection principles and practice.
Community-based services.
Weechi-it-te-win's child protection services are community based. Each community has its own service delivery system, which is supported by Weechi-it-te-win. Customary care practices are community-specific because they are adapted to local culture and circumstances. Ontario child protection laws, developed for non-aboriginal culture and urban circumstances, are not necessarily relevant to or effective in these communities and may result in unintended injury to Anishinaabe children.
Enforcement.
The Anishinaabe people's maintenance of its customary law and its cultural continuity through its children are aboriginal rights. Such rights are recognized and affirmed by the Canadian Constitution. Although infrequently relied upon in the past, aboriginal laws including customary law continue to be enforceable in Canadian courts. Anishinaabe customary laws, the Canadian Constitution, and Ontario laws are enforced by the Court of Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19464600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464600" title="1974 Winchester 400">
1974 Winchester 400

The 1974 Winchester 400 motor race, the fifth annual (run yearly since 1970), was held as the "Dri-Power 400" under American Speed Association sanction on September 29, 1974, at the Winchester Speedway, in Indiana (USA).
Making his initial visit to the Winchester Speedway, Bob Senneker of Dorr, Michigan proved to be a quick learner as he scored the win in the fifth-annual Winchester 400. Defending race-winner Vern Schrock was the quickest of the 108 drivers who attempted to ear one of the 40 spots in the starting field. Starting from the pole, Schrock would lead the opening 70 laps before pitting for service and handing the lead to Tom Maier.
The race.
Many of the pre-race favorites were eliminated in a multi-car accident on lap 33 that ended the hopes of NASCAR star Bobby Allison and former winners Dave Sorg and Denny Miles.
While the race went on up front, Senneker spent the majority of the race deep in the running order as he lost five-laps pitting under the green for tires. Schrock took the lead for the second time on lap 157, but would give the lead back to Maier on lap 176. Passing halfway, Schrock would go back in front on lap 206 only to begin falling off the pace with mechanical problems. Flying around the track, Senneker made up all his laps and took the lead for the first time on lap 299, cruising home to a two-lap win over Larry Phillips, Maier, Ed VanderLaan, and Schrock. Senneker collected $6,120 for the win.

</doc>
<doc id="19464610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464610" title="Teatro San Moisè">
Teatro San Moisè

The Teatro San Moisè was an opera house in Venice, active from 1640 to 1818. It was in a prominent location near the Palazzo Giustinian and the church of San Moisè at the entrance to the Grand Canal.
History.
Built by the San Bernaba branch of the Giustiniani family, the first production in 1640 was of Claudio Monteverdi's (now lost) opera "L'Arianna". It then passed into the hands of the Zane family and was used by the Ferrari company. The librettist Giovanni Faustini was one of the theatre's first impresarios.
From the outset it was one of the smaller theatres of Venice, but also one of the most influential. In 1668 it was enlarged to 800 seats, and then in 1674 theatre was revived by the impresario Francesco Santurini, who caused a revolution by halving the price of tickets to 2 lire, leading to an opera 'boom' and a further proliferation of active theatres in the city. 
During the early 18th century Gasparini, Vivaldi and Albinoni were all active in San Moisè. During the 1740s, Neapolitan opera buffa reached Venice and San Moisè was one of the first theatres to concentrate on this genre, with works by Baldassare Galuppi, in partnership with Carlo Goldoni, being seen in the theatre. This trend continued through most of the century. In the 1770s and 1780s the theatre was under the control of the prolific librettist Giovanni Bertati, the Poeta Cesareo ("Imperial Poet") of the Italian Opera in Vienna, who concentrated on drammi giocosi with Pasquale Anfossi and other composers.
The San Moisè finally closed in 1818 after producing a series of farse by Rossini. It first became a puppet theatre, and then was rebuilt as the Teatro Minerva. By the end of the 20th century it had become part shop, and part block of flats.
Bibliography.
Schwager, Myron (1986) 'Public opera and the trials of the Teatro San Moisè'. Early Music.1986; 14: 387-396
See also.
Opera houses and theatres in Venice

</doc>
<doc id="19464642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464642" title="New Wadi es-Sebua">
New Wadi es-Sebua

The site of New Wadi es-Sabua, which is located only 4 km west from the original site of Wadi es-Sebua, is today home to three Ancient Egyptian temples in Lower Nubia, the temples of Wadi-es Sebua, Maharraqa and Dakka respectively. 
Wadi es-Sabua Temple.
The Temples of Wadi es-Sebua were created by two New Kingdom Egyptian pharaohs under Ramesses II and Amenhotep III respectively. Both temples feature pylons and an inner rock-cut sanctuary. The structures were subsequently moved to a new location in the 1960s due to the construction of the Aswan Dam
Temple of Maharraqa.
The temple of Maharraqa was an Ancient Egyptian Roman period temple that was never completed.
Temple of Dakka.
The Greco-Roman Temple of Dakka, dedicated to Thoth, is today located at the New Wadi es-Sebua area.

</doc>
<doc id="19464659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464659" title="Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral, Giurgiu">
Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral, Giurgiu

The Dormition of the Theotokos Cathedral, Giurgiu (), located at 12 București Street, Giurgiu, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Bishop of Giurgiu.
The building was initially a parish church; an 1859 inscription (written in Romanian Cyrillic) indicates that a church bearing the same name was built underground on the site in 1806, as the Ottoman authorities would not allow churches to be built above ground. The present church was built from 1840-52. It has a basilical plan, with spires above the nave and entrance, and is built of burnt brick with lime mortar on a stone foundation. These stones were taken from the walls of Giurgiu citadel; as noted in an 1832 document from General Kiselyov giving his approval.
The cathedral is spacious, with Byzantine forms: straight lines and semicircular arches, thick walls, square pillars, large windows and spherical spires. Built in a style characteristic of its time, it underwent significant changes in the first half of the 20th century. The large door at the main entrance was replaced with the smaller one still in use. A new roof was installed, and two wooden spires were replaced with reinforced concrete ones. Two tympana were built on the north and south sides to the right of the back spire, as were the frieze and architrave beneath the cornice. In the interior, the choir balcony and ambon were replaced and a wood floor was laid in the sanctuary. A granite floor was placed in the nave and, in the vestibule, above the stone base. A furnace and radiators were installed.
Then repainting began, as the old murals were deteriorating. In 1930 the bell-tower was repaired and the parish house built. Today's exterior paintings are the work of a Bucharest architect and engineer who in 1935 built the market stalls in Giurgiu's central square and the Tribunal in Alei Park. The initial interior painting was done in oil, in the decadent style of Gheorghe Tattarescu, by the painter Nicolae Pitaru. The present murals, executed in thick tempera in a neo-Byzantine style, were done by the painter Nicolae Stoica from 1939–59 and restored from 1989-2005 by Ion Drejoi, a student of his. The Baroque iconostasis, dating to the 19th century, was painted in oil by Pitaru. Initially extending the length of the church, covering three apses and including a dozen large icons, it was reduced to its present dimensions in the summer of 1948.
During its existence, the cathedral has had a valuable collection of property donated by believers from Romania and abroad. For instance, an icon featuring the Holy Trinity was donated by the widow of the Russian General Soimonov (killed at the Battle of Inkerman) in honour and for the souls of her husband and his fallen comrades. Professional choirs have sung there.
Although not yet the seat of a bishop, the church was called a cathedral from early on. It is referred to as a cathedral in an 1856 letter from the Russian Consulate at Galaţi to the Wallachian Secretariat of State regarding the donation of General Soimonov's widow. A 1935 document by Patriarch Miron Cristea also calls it a cathedral. It officially became a cathedral on 9 April 2006, when Ambrozie Meleacă was enthroned as the first bishop of the new Giurgiu Diocese. At the time, he received from Greece a small box containing relics of Saint George; this was stolen the following year, while in 2008, the zinc roof was replaced with a copper one, the floors replaced and an entrance ramp installed.

</doc>
<doc id="19464688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464688" title="Faith Lutheran College, Redlands">
Faith Lutheran College, Redlands

Faith Lutheran College, Redlands (often abbreviated as "FLCR"), Queensland, Australia, is an independent co-educational Lutheran primary and secondary school located on two campuses in Victoria Point (Junior School) and Thornlands (Middle and Senior School). The school currently educates students from years Prep to Year 12.
Mission statement.
The Faith Lutheran College, Redlands mission statement is as follows:
Faith Lutheran College is committed to providing quality learning opportunities while nurturing the development of all students in a Christ centred community.
Location and grounds.
Faith Lutheran College, Redlands is located on two separate campuses with connected staff. The Junior School (P-6) is located at Link Road, Victoria Point and the Middle (7-9) and Senior School (10-12) at Beveridge Road, Thornlands. The college is currently in the process of expanding its Beveridge Road campus, which includes the recent completion of a new multi-purpose building, and the planned addition of a second undercover sporting hardcourt. A new indoor performance and sporting hall has recently been built at the Link Road Campus.
History.
Faith Lutheran College, Redlands was originally established as a primary school. It was originally named Redlands Lutheran Primary School, and was built at the Link Road campus on land given to the Redlands Lutheran Parish by Wally Hauser, a farmer and member of the parish, who used the land for growing fruit and vegetables and later as a sports field. It was officially opened on 24 January 1982 by David Jull, Federal Member of Parliament. It was the first independent Christian school to be established in the then Redlands Shire. In its first year, it had seventy-one students enrolled across years one to four. It soon came to be known as Faith Lutheran Primary School, because of its proximity to Faith Lutheran Church at Redland Bay. The first Year Seven cohort graduated in 1984, when the student population was 161. In 1986 the student population reached 195. A preschool was commenced in 1996, the student population then being 215. This was later renamed "Prep" in 2006, following the naming standard set by Education Queensland.
In 1997, planning commenced to expand the primary school into a P-12 college. In 1999, the School Council's initial application to commence secondary application was unsuccessful. Despite this, and assisted by the Parish, the School purchased the land at Beveridge Road in October 2000, which at that time was used as a yam farm and Shetland pony stud farm. In 2001 approval was gained to start secondary schooling, and the newly renamed Faith Lutheran College, Redlands began teaching Year eight students in 2003 at the Link Road campus. Building had commenced at the Beveridge Road campus, and it commenced operation in October 2003, ahead of its official opening on February 8, 2004. At that time, the college's enrolment was 548 students. FLCR graduated its first cohort of Year Twelve students at the end of 2007, at which time there were 880 students enrolled.
College logo.
The college logo was inspired by the college's coastal setting, and incorporates important Christian symbolism. The cross is central to the Christian faith, and represents the love of God as expressed through the death of Jesus Christ. The water represents the removal of sin through baptism. The fish symbol was a secret sign used amongst early Christians. The rising sun represents resurrection and the promise of eternal life with God.
School houses.
Like most Australian schools, FLCR uses the school house system, and has various inter-house competitions. There are four houses, all named after local Moreton Bay Islands:
Co-curricular.
FLCR offers its students a variety of extra-curricular activities including music, singing and other performing arts, cultural activities, special interest groups and sports.

</doc>
<doc id="19464760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464760" title="State Council Party and State Organizations Special Food Supply Center">
State Council Party and State Organizations Special Food Supply Center

The State Council Party and State Organizations Special Food Supply Center was established in April 2004. It was a collaborative organ of the State Council Veteran Cadre Activities Center National Organic Produce Supply. It is supported by the State Council Logistics Base, Central Security Bureau farms, and supply bases spread over all 13 provinces, municipalities directly under central government control and autonomous regions. These bases supply the 94 ministries' and commissions' veteran cadres with high quality organic food products. The State Council Party and State Organizations Special Food Supply Center carefully oversees the process by which all food products, tea, alcohol etc. are chosen. There are only a handful of products that merit the label "Special Product to Central Party and State Organs." All the organic produce is carefully selected according to international and national organic production standards, and inspected according to rigorous national approval processes. All corporations and centers that pass this supply system process are periodically reevaluated, and if their standards do not remain of the highest caliber they are excluded.
Controversy.
China's latest Infant Milk Contamination scandal has sparked anger among the general populace because China's leaders do not have to worry about food safety concerns because they obtain their food from the Special Food Supply Center.

</doc>
<doc id="19464802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464802" title="Kupchino">
Kupchino

Kupchino may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19464803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464803" title="Attila Simon (footballer born 1988)">
Attila Simon (footballer born 1988)

Attila Simon (born 23 September 1988 in Salgótarján) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus. He has a younger brother, András, who currently plays for Győri ETO.
Honours.
Hungarian League: <br> Runner-up: 2007 <br>
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19464842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464842" title="Norbert Tóth">
Norbert Tóth

Norbert Tóth (born 11 August 1976) is a Hungarian football player who is currently playing for TJ OFC Gabčíkovo.
Honours.
Hungarian League: <br> Winner: 1998 <br>
Hungarian Cup: <br> Runner-up: 1993, 1998 <br>
Hungarian Second Division: <br> Winner: 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19464985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464985" title="Complete Auto Transit v. Brady">
Complete Auto Transit v. Brady

Complete Auto Transit, Inc. v. Brady, 430 U.S. 274 (1977), is a United States Supreme Court case regarding the Commerce Clause and sales tax.
Background.
Complete Auto was an auto transporter involved in moving General Motors vehicles from the railhead at Jackson, Mississippi to dealerships in Mississippi.
The Mississippi State Tax Commission levied a tax upon Complete Auto "for the privilege of engaging or continuing in business or doing business" in the state of Mississippi. The Court refers to the tax as a "sales tax"; however, it was a "transaction privilege" or gross receipts tax based on Complete Auto's gross receipts.
Arguments.
Complete Auto argued against the constitutionality of tax, stating that they were part of an interstate operation, involved in transporting vehicles from the factories in Michigan to the dealers in Mississippi. According to Complete Auto, taxation on interstate operations not only discourages interstate commerce but also is a violation of the Commerce Clause.
Opinion of the Court.
The Supreme Court ruled in favor of Mississippi. The ruling issued that Complete Auto established a "four-prong" test for constitutionality of a tax under the Commerce Clause:
Even though Complete Auto asserted that it was a part of an interstate operation, the Court agreed with Mississippi that while operating within the state, it was afforded services, such as police protection, provided for by taxation.
Subsequent developments.
The test enunciated in "Complete Auto Transit" received significant interpretation in "Commonwealth Edison Co. v. Montana," 453 U.S. 609 (1981).

</doc>
<doc id="19464991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19464991" title="2007 Chatham Cup">
2007 Chatham Cup

The 2007 Chatham Cup was the 80th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. In all, 123 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by four full rounds. The former numbering system is used in this article.
The 2007 final.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup, presented to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final, was awarded to Luiz del Monte of Central United.

</doc>
<doc id="19465008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465008" title="Amada">
Amada

The Temple of Amada, the oldest Egyptian temple in Nubia, was first constructed by pharaoh Thutmose III of the 18th dynasty and dedicated to Amun and Re-Horakhty. His son and successor, Amenhotep II continued the decoration program for this structure. Amenhotep II's successor, Thutmose IV decided to place a roof over its forecourt and transform it into a pillared or hypostyle hall. During the Amarna period, Akhenaten had the name Amun destroyed throughout the temple but this was later restored by Seti I of Egypt's 19th dynasty. Various 19th dynasty kings especially Seti I and Ramesses II also "carried out minor restorations and added to the temple's decoration." The stelas of the Viceroys of Kush Setau, Heqanakht and Messuy and that of Chancellor Bay describe their building activities under Ramesses II, Merneptah and Siptah respectively.
Temple interior.
The original building plan for the structure featured a pylon, forecourt and a portico which led to a sanctuary. However, when Thutmose IV roofed the open forecourt, the pillars and walls "were decorated with offering scenes, with those involving Thutmosis IV on the left" and Thutmose III and Amenhotep II on the right. Although the temple has a dull and crumbling exterior, its interior features enjoy some of the most finely cut reliefs with bright and vibrant colours. 
The finest painted reliefs are in the innermost section of the temple where Thutmose III and Amenhotep II are shown being embraced or making offerings to various Egyptian gods. The left hand side of the vestibule shows Amenhotep II being crowned by Horus and Thoth and running with an oar and a "hap" (or navigational instrument). The cult room at the side of the sanctuary contains some interesting foundation and consecration scenes for the temple which depict "the ritual of the 'stretching of the cord', the ceremonial making and laying of bricks, and the offering of the temple to its gods."
Historical records.
There are two important historical inscriptions from Amada temple. The earliest, dated to Year 3 of Amenhotep II, "is on a round topped stelae at the rear (eastern) wall of the sanctuary." Its text describes this pharaoh's ruthless military campaign in Asia: 
Amenhotep II goes on to describe how he hanged six of the dead chiefs "on the walls of Thebes" while the seventh was hung on the walls of Napata (a Nubian frontier city near the Fourth Cataract). This was done as a clear warning to the subject Nubians of the dangerous consequences of rebellion during Amenhotep's reign. The second historical text, "on a stela engraved on the left (northern) thickness of the entrance doorway" mentions the defeat of an invasion from Libya in Year 4 of Merneptah.
The temple was described by early travellers and first published by Henri Gauthier in 1913. 
Between 1964 and 1975, the temple was moved from its original location to a new site "some 65 m higher and 2.5 km away from its original site". Chopping it into blocks, as was being done with the other temples, was not an option; the paintings would not have survived. Seeing that all seemed resigned to see the temple flooded by the silty waters of Lake Nasser, Christiane Desroches Noblecourt announced that France would save it. She asked two architects to propose a method for moving the temple in one piece. Their idea was to put the temple on rails and transport it hydraulically to a site a few kilometers away that was more than 60 meters higher.
The rock-cut Temple of Derr was also moved to the new site of Amada.

</doc>
<doc id="19465009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465009" title="The Face Is Familiar">
The Face Is Familiar

The Face Is Familiar is an American game show which aired in color on CBS from May 7 to September 3, 1966. The show was hosted by Jack Whitaker and featured celebrity guests including Bob Crane, Dick Van Patten, Mel Brooks and June Lockhart.
The series was primarily sponsored by Philip Morris' Parliament and Marlboro cigarettes, and their American Safety Razor (Personna razor blades) and Clark Gum subsidiaries. The show was produced by Bob Stewart Productions in association with Filmways Television. Its theme song was a slightly-modified version of "Brasilia," performed by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass.
Gameplay.
Each game featured two contestants, each partnered with a celebrity guest. The celebrities each stayed on for the entire program while contestants played only one game, win or lose.
Each round centered around a board which contained the face of a celebrity, cut into seven horizontal strips and jumbled vertically. At the beginning of each round, only one strip was revealed. Then, alternating between the celebrities and the contestants, the pairs were asked trivia questions in the form of an incomplete sentence (for example, "The last king of France was...").
After each question, more of the face was revealed (still in jumbled order). The first two questions revealed one part each, while the next two revealed two parts each. The player who correctly answered the question had the opportunity to guess the identity of the celebrity after the new parts were revealed. An incorrect answer gave the opponent the right to guess.
If the identity was not guessed after all seven parts were revealed, play continued with each question offering a chance to swap the positions of two parts. Incorrect answers moved on to the next question and did not give the opponent control. The player who answered correctly chose one part of the face and their partner chose another part; the two were then swapped. The first partner could then guess the answer.
The team which correctly identified the celebrity won $150 for the contestant.
"Three of a Kind" Bonus Game.
In the bonus game, one partner was asked to find the eyes of a given celebrity, and three strips containing of eyes were shown very briefly, one at a time. If the player could choose the correct eyes, they added $50 to the contestant's winnings.
This was repeated for three mouths and noses, with the partners alternating. The second correct answer added another $50, and the third correct answer earned another $250 for a total of $500.
Changes.
By June 24, the format had changed so that the teams would alternate picking numbers from 1 to 7 to reveal a strip of a celebrity's scrambled face for their opponents until either the entire picture was revealed or one team correctly guessed the face. If the entire picture was revealed, the teams would them begin switching two strips of the face around to try to figure out who was in the picture.
Each correct answer was worth $100, two games won the match.
The bonus round was also changed so that the team could always see either the eyes, nose, or mouth and have to guess which celebrity that body part belonged to. However, there was now a 60-second time limit. $50 was awarded for each correct guess, with $500 awarded if all four were correctly guessed. If a celebrity was not guessed within 10 seconds of the body part being shown, the full face is revealed, and play continues with another body part.
Pilot.
The series' pilot was filmed early in 1966 with Jack Clark as host; Betsy Palmer and Bill Cullen were the celebrities. As Clark closed the episode, he mentioned that the "following week's guests" would be Eydie Gorme and Alan King, implying that a second pilot would be filmed. Clark became the show's announcer after it was sold to CBS.
The set and format were slightly different; winning the main game was worth $200 instead of $150. Also, winning the end game was worth $500 "in addition" to the $200 from the main game, instead of a $500 total.
Technology.
The series was notable for its use of technology. Besides the screen which showed the faces and could switch any two pieces instantly, the show also used a split-screen shot when the contestants (who sat outside of the two celebrities) were answering a question. When one contestant rang in, the split wiped to the side to show both partners of that team.
The second format's bonus round used a 60-second timer. For the viewers, a 7x4 electronic lighted scoreboard was superimposed on the bottom of the screen.
Episode status.
The series is believed to have been destroyed due to network practices of the era. Only four episodes are known to exist - the pilot, the premiere with Lockhart and Crane, the June 24 episode with Florence Henderson and Ray Milland, and the July 22 episode with Pearl Bailey and Mel Brooks. Of these, only the June 24 and July 22 episodes are in color, with the latter being reran by GSN several times.
The premiere has since appeared on the Internet Archive, possibly indicating that the series has become part of the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="19465059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465059" title="Potassium dideuterium phosphate">
Potassium dideuterium phosphate

Deuterated potassium dihydrogen phosphate (KD2PO4) or DKDP single crystals are widely used in non-linear optics as the second, third and fourth harmonic generators for and lasers. They are also found in electro-optical applications as Q-switches for , , Alexandrite and Ti-sapphire lasers, as well as for Pockels cells.
DKDP is closely related to monopotassium phosphate or KDP or KH2PO4. Replacement of hydrogen by deuterium in DKDP lowers the frequency of O-H vibrations and their overtones (high-order harmonics). Absorption of light by those overtones is detrimental for the infrared lasers, which DKDP and KDP crystals are used for. Consequently, despite higher cost, DKDP is more popular than KDP. 
DKDP crystals are grown by a water-solution method at usual level of deuteration >98%. 

</doc>
<doc id="19465133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465133" title="Landing Gear">
Landing Gear

Landing Gear is Devin the Dude's fifth studio album. It was released on October 7, 2008. It was his first studio album since signing with the label Razor & Tie. It features a high-profile guest appearance from Snoop Dogg. As of October 30, 2008, the album has sold 18,906 copies.
Samples.
I Don't Chase 'Em

</doc>
<doc id="19465151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465151" title="Political hack">
Political hack

A political hack is a negative term ascribed to a person who is part of the political party apparatus, but whose intentions are more aligned with victory than personal conviction. The term "hired gun" is often used in tandem to further describe the moral bankruptcy of the "hack". 

</doc>
<doc id="19465165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465165" title="Avren">
Avren

Avren () may refer to two villages in Bulgaria:

</doc>
<doc id="19465168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465168" title="County of Follett">
County of Follett

The County of Follett is one of the 37 counties of Victoria which are part of the cadastral divisions of Australia, used for land titles. It comprises a strip in the far southwest of the state bounded by the Glenelg River to the east, South Australia to the west and Elderslie Creek to the north beyond Casterton. No larger towns are contained within its boundaries. It was proclaimed in 1849.
Parishes.
Parishes within the county:

</doc>
<doc id="19465189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465189" title="Darrell Henegan">
Darrell Henegan

Darrell Henegan is a former Canadian Taekwondo practitioner and kickboxer.
Taekwondo.
Henegan's Taekwondo career spanned the years 1979-2001. During that time he won numerous awards in four different decades. They included Canadian, Pan American, and North American Championships, as well as winning the 1981 World Taekwondo Games in Santa Clara, California. At that event he became the first North American to beat the Koreans in a World Championship Gold Medal match.
Kickboxing.
Darrell competed as a professional kickboxer from 1984-1996. He finished with a record of 25 wins and 2 losses, with 20 wins by KO. He held numerous titles and was a two-time world champion. In 1988 he won the FFKA Heavyweight Title by decisioning Jerry Rhome and in 1993 he won the ISKA Cruiserweight Championship with a win over Przemyslaw Saletta. One of Henegan's losses was in a 1990 unification bout with KICK/ISKA Heavyweight Champion Dennis Alexio. He also had one bout as a professional boxer, a four round unanimous decision over Daniel DesRoches in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19465195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465195" title="Otto Könnecke">
Otto Könnecke

Leutnant Otto Könnecke (20 December 1892 – 25 January 1956) Pour le Merite, Golden Military Merit Cross, Knight's Cross with Swords of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, was a leading German ace of World War I with 35 victories. He was one of only five pilots to receive Germany's highest decorations for both enlisted pilot and officer. He later became one of the founding pilots of Deutsche Luft Hansa and assisted in development of the new Luftwaffe.
Early life.
Otto Könnecke was of humble origin, born in Straßberg, a carpenter's son. He attended the Building Trade School in Frankfurt am Main and became an apprentice carpenter. He became bored with this life by his late teens and in 1911 enlisted in Railroad Regiment 3, which was at Hanau. In 1913, he applied for pilot training and as an NCO, trained with FEA 4 at Metz and received his pilot's wings.
He served in various units and capacities, ending up in Jagdstaffel 25 (Squadron 25).
World War I.
At the outbreak of war he was serving as an instructor, and did not see action until December 1916, when he was sent as a Vizefeldwebel to Macedonia as part of Jasta 25.
At the end of April, he was transferred to Jasta 5 on the Western Front. He did not have another victory until 28 May. He accumulated single victories over enemy aircraft until his score stood at 11 by the end of 1917. He often flew in conjunction with two other non-commissioned officers, Fritz Rumey and Josef Mai. The three aces, dubbed the Golden Triumvirate because all three had won the Golden Military Merit Cross, would eventually total 108 victories among them, or more than 40% of the Jasta's triumphs.
His personal Albatros D.V during this period had one of the more fanciful paint schemes of the war. Its base color was green fuselage, tail, and elevators with a red propeller spinner. His insignia of black and white checkerboarding edged in red adorned the fuselage just ahead of the Maltese crosses, with a thin red line ringing the fuselage just before the tail.
Könnecke continued the same pattern of single victories through 1918 until 30 May, when he shot down a double. On 8 August, he tallied three victories in three separate combats, at 9:05 am, 11:45 am, and 6:45 pm. The following day, he scored three more. On 14 August, he downed two British aces in a Bristol F.2 Fighter, Eugene Coler and Cyril Gladman, for his 31st win.
Könnecke had been awarded a Golden Military Merit Cross while still a Vizefeldwebel; this was the highest decoration for valor an enlisted man could receive. On 15 June, he was commissioned as Leutnant. On 20 July 1918, he was awarded the Knight's Cross with Swords of the Royal House Order of Hohenzollern. On 26 September 1918, the day before his comrade Fritz Rumey was killed in action, Könnecke was awarded Germany's highest decoration, the Pour le Merite or Blue Max. He was one of the few former NCOs to receive the Blue Max, and one of only five pilots awarded both the Golden Military Merit Cross and the Blue Max.
He scored his 35th and final victory on 4 November 1918.
Post World War I.
Könnecke was a pioneer of civilian air passenger transport. He joined Deutsche Luft Hansa in 1926 as one of its original pilots.
In 1927, he attempted to fly the Atlantic Ocean from Europe to North America, with the aim of establishing a commercial passenger route. His chosen plane was a Caspar C32, dubbed "Germania". This biplane crop-duster was extensively modified to give it a 50 hour flight endurance. The project intended to launch from Cologne cross the Atlantic via the British Isles, Greenland, and into Newfoundland. A storm system over the North Atlantic made Könnecke decide to reach America by a longer route. On 20 September 1927, he left with a planned route over Hungary, Romania, Turkey, and Persia to India. From there, his planned route was via Korea, Japan, and the Kamchatka Peninsula to the American West Coast. Once in America, he would fly on to New York and thence home to Germany. Problems with both plane and crew doomed the effort, which got no further than Calcutta.
He was an influential figure in post-war German aviation and in 1935, he was asked to help develop the new Luftwaffe. He rejoined the German military to command the Flying School at Scrau. He ended his military career as a Major.
He died in Bad Aibling in 1956, aged 64 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19465197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465197" title="1987 FIBA Club World Cup">
1987 FIBA Club World Cup

The 1987 Club World Cup took place at Palatrussardi, Milan. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Tracer Milano, Maccabi Tel Aviv, KK Cibona, Žalgiris Kaunas, and FC Barcelona. From the South American Club Championship participated CA Monte Líbano, and Ferro Carril Oeste. Representing the Division I (NCAA) was the State of Washington NCAA All-Stars Team.
League stage.
Group A.
15 September 1987
16 September 1987
17 September 1987
18 September 1987
Group B.
15 September 1987
16 September 1987
17 September 1987
18 September 1987
Knockout stage.
Seventh place game.
19 September 1987
Fifth place game.
20 September 1987
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19465202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465202" title="Thank God">
Thank God

Thank God may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19465203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465203" title="Frank Ford (theatre personality)">
Frank Ford (theatre personality)

Frank John Ford AM is a freelance writer, director, dramaturg and drama lecturer.
He has studied acting, drama theory, dramaturgy, directing and cinema in his degrees: M.F.A. (Theatre Arts) from Columbia University, New York (Awarded the Richard Rodgers Scholarship); Certificate in Arts Administration, Harvard Business School; A.D.B (Associate of the Drama Board) London and B.A. University of Sydney.
He is an author and director of opera, music theatre, cabaret, experimental theatre, modern and classic drama and multi-media productions. His plays, adaptations and cabarets have been performed in Australia and overseas. He was former Head of the Department of Drama at Adelaide University and has held various teaching, directing and arts administration positions here and overseas.
He was Founding Chair of Adelaide Fringe Festival and its first Honorary Life Member. He founded the Adelaide Cabaret Festival and is Chair of the Advisory Committee. He has served on many arts boards such as Country Arts SA, Adelaide Festival and as Chair of the Australian Dance Theatre and is currently Chair of the Independent Arts Foundation.
In 1999 he was awarded Member of the Order of Australia for service to the development of the performing arts in South Australia as a director, playwright, administrator and educator. In 2001 he received the Centenary Medal for services to the community, particularly through the performing arts. In 2006 he received the inaugural Premier’s “Life Time Achievement” Ruby Award for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19465213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465213" title="Lawes">
Lawes

Lawes is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="19465236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465236" title="Courvoisier (disambiguation)">
Courvoisier (disambiguation)

Courvoisier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19465265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465265" title="Four-document hypothesis">
Four-document hypothesis

A four-document hypothesis or four-source hypothesis is an explanation for the relationship between the three Gospels of Matthew, Mark, and Luke. It posits that there were at least four sources to the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke: the Gospel of Mark, and three lost sources: Q, M-Source, and L source. It was proposed by Burnett Hillman Streeter in 1924, who refined the "two-source hypothesis" into a "four-source hypothesis".
According to Streeter's analysis the non-Marcan matter in Luke has to be distinguished into at least two sources, Q and L. In a similar way he argued that Matthew used a peculiar source, which we may style M, as well as Q. Luke did not know M, and Matthew did not know L. Source M has the Judaistic character (see the Gospel according to the Hebrews), it suggests a Jerusalem origin, source L he assigned to Caesarea, and source Q connected with Antioch. The document Q was an Antiochene translation of a document originally composed in Aramaic — possibly by the Apostle Matthew for Galilean Christians. Gospel of Luke developed in two phases (see picture). 
According to this view the first gospel is a combination of the traditions of Jerusalem, Antioch, and Rome, while the third gospel represents Caesarea, Antioch, and Rome. The fact that the Antiochene and Roman sources were reproduced by both Evangelists Matthew and Luke was due to the importance of those Churches. Streeter thought there is no evidence that the other sources are less authentic.
Streeter hypothesized a proto-Luke document, an early version of Luke that did not incorporate material from Mark or the birth narrative. According to this hypothesis, the evangelist added material from Mark and the birth narratives later. Telling against this hypothesis, however, the gospel has no underlying passion tradition separate from Mark, and Luke's travel account is evidently based on Mark 10. A contemporary version of the four-source theory omits proto-Luke, with the evangelist combining Mark, Q, and L directly. Still, the gospel might have circulated originally without the birth narrative in the first two chapters.

</doc>
<doc id="19465273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465273" title="Zvyozdnaya">
Zvyozdnaya

Zvyozdnaya () is a station on the Moskovsko-Petrogradskaya Line of the Saint Petersburg Metro. It was opened on December 25, 1972. It was designed by K.N. Afonskya, A.C. Getskin and V.P. Shuvalova. In the original blueprints, the station was called "Imeni Lensoveta" (Soviet of Leningrad Honorary station).

</doc>
<doc id="19465293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465293" title="Ivan Regen">
Ivan Regen

Ivan (Janez) Regen (known also as Johann Regen) (December 9, 1868 – July 27, 1947) was a Slovenian biologist, best known for his studies in the field of bioacoustics.
Regen was born in the hamlet of Lajše (today part of Gorenja Vas, Slovenia) and became interested in insect sounds as a child. His family couldn't afford to pay for his schooling, so he studied first at the local seminary for which he received a scholarship, and slowly saved enough funds for the tuition fee in Vienna. There he studied natural history at the University of Vienna under the tutorship of Grobben, Exner and Claus. He received his doctorate in 1897 and began to work as a gymnasium professor, first in Vienna, and later in Hranice (Moravia). At last he was transferred back to a gymnasium in Vienna after a recommendation from Exner and worked there until his retirement in 1918.
In the meantime Regen began his research in animal physiology, being one of the first Slovenian scientists to work abroad after the . With careful observations of katydid and cricket stridulation he proved that insects respond to acoustic stimuli from other individuals and was able to provoke his subjects to respond to artificial stimulation using a loudspeaker. Later, he demonstrated that insect hearing depends on intact tympanal organ which was the first description of this organ's function. For his contributions he is regarded as the founder of modern bioacoustics. He also studied other physiological phenomena in insects, such as breathing, hibernation, the development of pigment under different conditions, and ecdysis.
Regen's largest project was a so-called "geobiological laboratory", a large terrarium in which he studied phonotaxis on a large scale. Using as many as 1600 females with intact or damaged hearing organs, he was able to statistically evaluate their behaviour.
He was a private researcher since 1911, but remained in touch with Slovenia, supporting several local societies and cultural institutions, and establishing Slovene terminology for the fields he worked in. In 1921, he declined the invitation to become a professor at the University of Ljubljana. In 1940, he became an associate member of Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts and was also an honorary member of Slovenian society of natural history.

</doc>
<doc id="19465294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465294" title="Saint Ursulas College, Kingsgrove">
Saint Ursulas College, Kingsgrove

St Ursula's College Kingsgrove is located in Kingsgrove, Sydney, Australia. It is a Catholic girls school for grades 7-12.
History.
The Ursuline Order was founded by Saint Angela de Merici in Brescia, Italy in 1535. Saint Angela Merici named the order after Saint Ursula, patron saint of the Sorbonne in Paris and also the patron saint of education. The Ursuline Sisters came to the Kingsgrove Parish in 1949 when they were invited to take over St Bernadette's School at Bexley South from the Sisters of Mercy. The sisters lived at the convent at Ashbury and travelled to Bexley North each day.
Within a few years they had established a convent at 69 Caroline Street, Kingsgrove (the present St Ursula's College administration building), and in 1953 they opened a new school, Our Lady of Fatima Primary School.
St Ursula's College was opened in 1957 with an enrolment of fifty-six girls in first form. Fifty-two new students came to the College the following year and by 1959 there were 200 students enrolled. The College has continued to grow, with a current enrolment of over 900 students and more than sixty teachers and twenty ancillary staff.
The school was ranked 69th in the 2011 New South Wales HSC rankings, and was the best performing school in the Sydney Archdiocese.

</doc>
<doc id="19465296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465296" title="Vasantrao More">
Vasantrao More

Advocate Vasnatrao J More (born 1 April 1947) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Erandol constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) political party.

</doc>
<doc id="19465297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465297" title="2006 Chatham Cup">
2006 Chatham Cup

The 2006 Chatham Cup was the 79th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. In all, 137 teams took part in the competition. Note: Different sources give different numberings for the rounds of the competition. Some record five rounds prior to the quarter-finals; others note a preliminary round followed by four full rounds. The former numbering system isn used in this article.
The 2006 final.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2006 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Western Suburbs player Jon Harahap.

</doc>
<doc id="19465302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465302" title="Hiwwe wie Driwwe">
Hiwwe wie Driwwe

Hiwwe wie Driwwe, which means "Over here as over there" (cf. German "Hüben wie Drüben"), is the title of the only existing Pennsylvania German language newspaper. Since 1997 the publication is distributed twice a year. More than 100 Pennsylvania German authors - members of Lutheran and UCC churches as well as Old Order Amish and Old Order Mennonites - have already contributed pieces of prose, poems and newspaper articles. The publisher and editor is Michael Werner (Ober-Olm, Germany), who also served as president of the German-Pennsylvanian Association between 2003 and 2010. On their websites, one can find poems, stories, videos and lessons in the dialect. In 2011, "Hiwwe wie Driwwe" has created a "Hiwwe wie Driwwe Award for Pennsylvania German Literature" in cooperation with the Palatine Writers Contest in Bockenheim (Germany) and Kutztown University's Pennsylvania German Minor Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19465322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465322" title="Giacomelli">
Giacomelli

Giacomelli may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19465328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465328" title="Akitsune Imamura">
Akitsune Imamura


</doc>
<doc id="19465343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465343" title="1951–52 FA Cup">
1951–52 FA Cup

The 1951–52 FA Cup was the 71st season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Newcastle United won the competition for the fifth time, beating Arsenal 1–0 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
First round proper.
At this stage clubs from the Football League Third Division North and South joined those non-league clubs having come through the qualifying rounds. Matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 24 November 1951. Eight were drawn and went to replays, with three of these going to second replays.
Second Round Proper.
The matches were played on Saturday, 15 December 1951. Seven matches were drawn, with replays taking place later the same week. Three of these replays went to a second replay, with the Tranmere Rovers–Blyth Spartans game going to a third.
Third round proper.
The 44 First and Second Division clubs entered the competition at this stage. The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 12 January 1952. Nine matches were drawn and went to replays, with one of these going to a second replay.
Fourth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 2 February 1952, with the exception of two postponed matches. Three games were drawn and went to replays, which were all played in the following midweek match. One of these then went to a second replay before being settled.
Fifth round proper.
The matches were scheduled for Saturday, 23 February 1952. The Leeds United–Chelsea game went to two replays before Chelsea won the tie.
Sixth round proper.
The four Sixth Round ties were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 8 March 1952. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were intended to be played on Saturday, 29 March 1952, although the Chelsea–Arsenal fixture was not played until the week after. Both matches went to a replay, with Arsenal and Newcastle United eventually winning their ties to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1952 FA Cup Final took place at Wembley Stadium. It was contested between cup holders Newcastle United and Arsenal. Newcastle won 1–0 with a late goal from Chilean striker George Robledo

</doc>
<doc id="19465346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465346" title="Rebecca Tegg">
Rebecca Tegg

Rebecca Tegg (born 18 December 1985) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Tegg made her full Football Ferns debut in a 0-3 loss to Australia on 19 July 2007, and represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
Tegg was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games where they drew with Japan (2-2) before losing to Norway (0-1) and Brazil (0-4).
Tegg formally played for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.

</doc>
<doc id="19465365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465365" title="Péter Andorka">
Péter Andorka

Péter Andorka (born 19 July 1984 in Veszprém) is a Hungarian football player for Gyirmót SE.
Club career.
The Debreceni VSC a pro started a footballer's career at his team in 2003, forward.Ebben 25 obtained 3 goals in the championship on a match in the club. After three seasons of Debrecen certified the of Zalaegerszegi TE, where 3 scored likewise under 14 under a year. A short and unsuccessful bypass followed then the Pécsi MFC his team, where 10 played a match, did not shoot a goal though.Most successful the Szombathelyi Haladás was at his football club, since 74 played a league match under three years, and 51 shot a goal. All of them shot his true goals in the Hungarian second-class, which did not succeed in the first class.More figured in a Hungarian supply national team already, but did not reach yet into the adult invitation.

</doc>
<doc id="19465367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465367" title="Follum">
Follum

Follum is village in Ringerike municipality, Buskerud County, Norway.
Location.
Follum is located just north of Hønefoss on the west side of Ådal River ("Ådalselva"), along the old road to the Ådal valley. Follum was named for Follum gård, one of the oldest farms in the area. 
Factories were built along the Ådal River, especially at the waterfalls. Norske Skog Follum, originally founded as Follum træsliberi in 1873, is today one of Norway's three largest paper mills. The main product is newsprint.
Between the factory and Veienmarka Road is Follumbyen, a residential area that was originally linked to the factory. On the side is another residential area, Begnamoen, with some connection to the factory. Follum school existed in the region from 1898 to 1965.
Veien Cultural Heritage Park.
Off Veienmarka Road is an ancient burial ground with hundreds of graves and flat ground tombs. The large cemetery is now part of the Veien Cultural Heritage Park ("Veien Kulturminnepark"). Hringariki is the name of the foundation that operates the site as well as the Ringerikes Museum, the District Museum of Hole and Ringerike municipalities.
The cemetery has been known since the 1700s and investigated a number of times. In 1847 it was recorded to have more than 150 burial mounds in a field that stretched over more than 100 acres. The grounds, including 144 mounds, were excavated in 1870-71 by Professor Oluf Rygh. The largest of the burial mounds was named King Hill ("Kongshaugen") which was richly endowed. It was excavated in 1824 when, among other things, a sword in gilded silver was found. Findings from the mound were dated to ca. 400 AD.
The site currently comprises approximately 94 acres, including 39 acres of wood and 45 goals cultivated soil. In 1995, traces of a large long-house were unearthed dating from the Iron Age. The long-house has been reconstructed on the site and was completed in spring 2005. The discovery is unique in both the Norwegian and Scandinavian context both in terms of dating and size. Many other archaeological discoveries were also unearthed dating from earlier and later eras, the Stone Age and the Bronze Age. Many antiquities are now located in the collection of ancient artifacts of the Museum of Cultural History at the University of Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="19465368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465368" title="2008–09 Toto Cup Al">
2008–09 Toto Cup Al

The 2008–09 Toto Cup Al was the twenty-seventh season of the third most important football tournament in Israel since its introduction and fifth under the current format. It was held in two stages. First, twelve Premier League teams were divided into three groups. The winners and runners-up, as well as two best third placed teams from each group, advanced to the Quarterfinals. Quarterfinals and Semifinals were held as two-legged matches, while the Final was one-legged match held at Ramat Gan Stadium. The defending champions were Maccabi Haifa. Maccabi Tel Aviv won the 2008–09 Toto Cup Al making it their third Toto Cup title overall.
Group stage.
The matches were played from August 8 to November 12, 2008.
Elimination Rounds.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs were played on January 5 and 6, 2009 while the second legs were played on January 13 and 14, 2009.
The first game between Ironi Kiryat Shmona and Bnei Sakhnin (that should have been played in Kiryat Shmona) has been cancelled due to safety reasons during the 2008–2009 Israel–Gaza conflict. The tie was eventually played as one-legged match on a neutral ground (Ramat Gan Stadium, Ramat Gan) on January 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19465390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465390" title="Priscilla Duncan">
Priscilla Duncan

Priscilla Duncan (born 19 May 1983) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level as a central midfielder.
Duncan represented New Zealand at age group level, appearing at the OFC U-20 Qualifying Tournament 2002 and was named New Zealand Young Player of the Year in 2002 and 2003.
She made her full Football Ferns debut against Samoa on 7 April 2003 and scored her first senior international goal in a 5-0 win over Papua New Guinea on 11 April 2003.
Duncan represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, where they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).

</doc>
<doc id="19465419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465419" title="Emily McColl">
Emily McColl

Emily McColl (born 1 November 1985) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
McColl made her Football Ferns début as a substitute in an 8-0 win over Solomon Islands on 11 April 2007 at the Oceania Olympic qualifying tournament held in Papua New Guinea, although was herself substituted later in the match after suffering heat stroke.
She represented New Zealand at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup finals in China, starting all three group matches as they lost to Brazil 0-5, Denmark (0-2) and China (0-2).
McColl was also included in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Summer Olympic games making a substitute appearance in the 2-2 draw with Japan in their opening game.

</doc>
<doc id="19465426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465426" title="Jakob Beurlin">
Jakob Beurlin

Life.
Beurlin was born in Dornstetten. In November 1533, he entered the university of Tübingen. When the Protestant Reformation was introduced there in 1534, he remained faithful to Catholicism, diligently studying philosophy and the writings of the Church Fathers. His transition to the new doctrine took place quietly. 
In 1541 he was made governor of the Martinianum, and at the same time lectured on philosophy. In 1549 he accepted the pastorate of Derendingen near Tübingen, and in 1551 he was called as professor to Tübingen. On June 2, 1557, he examined and signed, together with other theologians, the "Confessio Wirtembergica", which had been prepared for the Council of Trent, and in the month of August, together with Johannes Brenz's friend Johann Isenmann, he went to Langensalza and afterward to Saxony to come to an understanding with the theologians and councilors of the elector Maurice concerning the Württemberg Confession as compared with the Saxon, which bad also been prepared for the Council of Trent. 
In November 1551, in company with Luther's former steward, Jodocus Neuheller, pastor at Entringen, he was sent as theological adviser of the Württemberg delegates to Trent, where they took notes of the disputations. On January 13, 1552, both returned home, but on March 7, Beurlin, Brenz, Heerbrand, and Vannius again started for Trent to oppose the decisions of the Council, and to defend the Confessio Wirtembergica before it. The Council would not hear them in a public session, and they returned home. 
Beurlin now devoted all his time to his academic duties. He lectured on Melanchthon's "Loci", the Gospel and First Epistle of John, and the Epistles to the Romans and Hebrews, and drilled the young theologians in disputations. In May, 1554, the duke sent him to Prussia to pacify those who had been stirred up by Osiander's teaching. He was unsuccessful, however, and, disgusted with the behavior of the factions, he declined the bishopric offered to him by Duke Albert, and returned home. 
In the interest of his academic office he now retired in favor of Jakob Andreä, who was a more willing interpreter of the theology and ecclesiastical policy of Brenz. In October, 1557, Beurlin and his father-in-law, Matthaeus Alber, went to the religious conference at Worms in place of the Thuringian theologians. At the Stüttgart synod Beurlin also remained in the background, but he assisted Brenz in the defense of the Confessio Wirtembergica against Peter a Soto. 
Vice-chancellor of the university after 1557, Beurlin was the leader of the Swabians at the Erfurt Conference, April, 1561, and was still more prominent on his last journey made in the service of the Evangelical Church. King Antony of Navarre sought both at Stüttgart and Heidelberg for a theologian to advise him in the controversy which arose in September, 1557, at the Conference of Poissy between the cardinal of Guise and Theodore Beza concerning the relation of the French Protestants to the Augsburg Confession. Duke Christopher sent three theologians, Jakob Beurlin, Jakob Andreä, and Balthazar Bidembach. Before leaving, Beurlin was made chancellor of the university and provost of the Collegiate Church (September 29). The theologians left October 3, and arrived at Paris October 19. Meanwhile the conference at Poissy had been broken off, and the theologians had to wait till the king called them. On October 24 Beurlin fell ill with the plague and died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19465451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465451" title="Pilkington's Group">
Pilkington's Group

Pilkington's Group Plc was a UK-based manufacturer and supplier of wall and floor coverings and building materials. The group had a history in ceramic tile manufacturing with the head office located in Clifton Junction, near Manchester, England.
History.
Pilkington's Group was established in 1891. In the early 1900s, Pilkington's Lancastrian Pottery & Tiles was formed as a result of an amalgamation of the skills of William Burton and the company's team of artists and designers from Minton Hollins and Wedgwood. In 1913 the company was awarded the Royal Warrant, and Royal Lancastrian Pottery was created. By 1938 the company began to specialise in ceramic wall tiles. The Group was previously known as Pilkington's Tiles Group Plc. As of Monday 14 June 2010 Paul Flint and Brian Green of KPMG LLP were appointed joint administrators of the Pilkington's Group Plc, Pilkington's Tiles Ltd and Quiligotti Access Flooring Ltd. The affairs, business and property of the companies are being managed by the joint administrators. The decision to appoint administrators followed an unsuccessful attempt to refinance the Pilkington's Group business.
Pilkington's Ceramic Tiles.
Ceramic tiles were first produced by Pilkington’s in 1893. The biscuit fired tiles (tiles which have been fired once), were taken for glazing either with a plain glaze or for decorating by the paintresses and fired again. Twice fired tiles were renowned for being superior in quality and this eventually overtook the pottery business to become the company’s main production. More recently, in 2004 the company was purchased by a private company that since acquiring the group has brought large investment and phased growth and brand development. Pilkington’s still makes ceramic tiles, however the portfolio now includes many other wall and flooring products. Many of the Pilkington's ceramic tile ranges are manufactured at the group's manufacturing facility in Clifton Junction, Salford.
Brands & UK Manufacturing.
The Quiligotti brand of marble, terrazzo and natural stone products became part of the group in the 1970s. Quiligotti Terrazzo flooring is installed in a large number of UK supermarkets, shopping centres, railway stations and the London Underground. Quiligotti is also manufactured at the group's manufacturing facility in Clifton Junction, Salford.
Closure.
Pilkington's Tiles Ltd went into administration on 14 June 2010. On 14 September 2010, Original Style acquired the brand and associated rights.

</doc>
<doc id="19465468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19465468" title="2005 Chatham Cup">
2005 Chatham Cup

The 2005 Chatham Cup was the 78th annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
Up to the last 16 of the competition, the cup was run in three regions (northern, central, and southern), with an open draw from the quarter-finals on. In all, 129 teams took part in the competition. The numbering of rounds in the competition is unclear — some sources record one preliminary round and four full rounds, followed by quarter-finals, semi-finals, and a final; other sources record five rounds. The latter numbering is used in this article.
The scoring record for any Chatham Cup match was equalled in the second round, with Central United demolishing Norwest United 21-0. This tied the previous record set in 1998, when Metro also put 21 goals past the hapless Norwest United.
The 2005 final.
The Jack Batty Memorial Cup is awarded to the player adjudged to have made to most positive impact in the Chatham Cup final. The winner of the 2005 Jack Batty Memorial Cup was Central United captain and goalkeeper Ross Nicholson.

</doc>
