<doc id="19634991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19634991" title="Anglo-Norman horse">
Anglo-Norman horse

The Anglo-Norman horse was a warmblood horse breed developed in Lower Normandy in northern France. A major center of horse breeding, the area had numerous regional types that were bred to one another and then crossed with Thoroughbreds to form the Anglo-Norman. Various body types developed within the Anglo-Norman breed, two of which were split off to form the Norman Cob and French Trotter. The remaining types were eventually standardized, although there remained some criticism of the "hybrid" nature of the breed's conformation. However, it was successful as an international sport horse, especially in the sport of show jumping. The Anglo-Norman also contributed to the development of several other breeds in Europe and Asia.
The Anglo-Norman was developed in the early 19th century, and along with Thoroughbred and local Norman blood, influences were seen from other breeds, including British and Russian trotting horses. By the mid-19th century, the Anglo-Norman was a popular breed throughout France, and in 1864 a breed association was founded. While often purchased by the French army and used as cavalry and artillery horses, there was controversy over whether the Anglo-Norman was the best choice for the military. The late 19th century saw significant improvements in breeding programs, although there remained a dispute between the goals of breeders and the needs of the military. Mechanization in the early 20th century significantly reduced demand for the breed, and fighting during World War II and the German occupation of France resulted in major damage to breeding centers and the deaths of many horses. While rebuilding their herds, breeders turned away from draft and carriage horses and began breeding sport horses for equestrian competition.
A stud book was created for the Anglo-Norman in 1950, and during that decade the breed became successful in international competition. In 1958, the Anglo-Norman was combined with other French types to create the Selle Français, the national French saddle horse. Despite active government support for Selle Français breeding programs, variations remained, and Anglo-Norman bloodlines continued to be distinguishable for decades after the merge. In the 1990s and 2000s, a movement began to reopen the Anglo-Norman stud book and recreate it as a separate breed from the Selle Français. The plan, which remains open, has been presented to the French Stud Book Commission and Ministry of Agriculture, and created controversy within the French breeding community.
Breed characteristics.
The conformation of the Anglo-Norman reflected its multiple influences. By 1861, the French government attempted to standardize the look of various historic Norman horse types by adding large amounts of Thoroughbred blood. The resulting offspring gave rise to the Anglo-Norman. However, in spite of these breeding programs, by 1909 when author Alfred Gallier studied the Anglo-Norman, he described members of the breed as "hybrids from various crosses". He distinguished three types: trotting horses used for harness racing, carriage horses, and military horses. He subdivided the military type further into heavy cavalry, light cavalry, "cavalry of the line" (a specific type used by the French) and artillery horses. Anglo-Norman trotters were the fastest in France, and were reputed to be patient and hard-working. The first official trotting races in France took place in 1836, in Cherbourg, at the instigation of Ephrem Houël, an officer of the National Stud. He believed that trotting races were the best way to select breeding stock for producing saddle horses. The best of the Anglo-Norman trotting horses emerged between 1820 and 1870, with five major stallions becoming the foundation bloodstock for the French Trotter breed, which officially split from the Anglo-Norman breed in 1906. The continuing breeding goal of the Anglo-Norman was to maintain a balanced breed with input from Thoroughbred stallions and heavier mares of the original Norman type.
By 1966, the Anglo-Norman breed had been further standardized and was described as averaging high, although sometimes taller. The facial profile was convex, the neck long, and the shoulders and hindquarters powerful. The breed had a tendency to have a too-upright shoulder angle and one author still criticized the horses as "...  of two inharmonious and badly united pieces, one being Norman; the other, English", suggesting that better results would occur if breeders used higher-quality broodmares. Despite this criticism, Anglo-Normans were known for their jumping abilities, with many successful horses competing at the international level.
History.
The original horses in Normandy and Brittany were small horses called "bidets", introduced by the Celts, who settled in ancient Gaul beginning about the third century, B.C. Later, the Romans crossed them with larger mares. By the 6th century, the practice of horse racing was documented in the region, and beginning in the 10th century, these "Norman horses" were desired throughout Europe. During the 16th century, Norman horses were known to be heavy and strong, able to pull long distances, and used to pull artillery and diligences. Barb and Arabian blood was added during the reign of Louis XIV.
The development of the modern Anglo-Norman horse is similar to that of many other French regional equine populations of the 19th century, when government-run national studs transformed indigenous French horses by introducing foreign stallions. Arabians and Thoroughbreds were major influences. The most common crossbreeding was between native mares used by the military or for pulling carriages and Thoroughbred stallions, and by 1914 these types were recognized as ""demi-sang"" or "half-blood" horses. Half-blood horses were found in many French regions, and different types were usually named after the regions in which they were bred.
The origin of the Anglo-Norman was in Lower Normandy, known for horse breeding, thanks to its climate and soil. The breed developed region-specific specializations. Le Merlerault is the oldest area of origin, and mainly produced saddle horses, while the Cotentin and Auge valleys produced carriage horses. The main center for breeding, especially during the Second French Empire (1852-1870), was the plains around Caen, where young foals were placed on pasture. The National Studs at Saint-Lô and du Pin, originally military studs for the breeding of cavalry horses, also participated in the breeding of Anglo-Norman horses. At the end of the 19th century, in the Orne, the Anglo-Norman arose almost exclusively in the district of Alençon, specifically Merlerault, with a few being bred in the department of Calvados. Today, Normandy, still a horse breeding center, is home to 20 percent of all mares of the Selle Français breed, the national French sport horse developed in large part from the Anglo-Norman. The region has produced numerous Selle Français that have been successful in international competition.
During its early development, the Norman horse, also known as the Carrossier Normand, had several distinct types: the Merlerault; the horse from the plains of Caen; the Cotentin, from the area of the same name; the horse of La Hague; and other, more minor, variations. From Alençon, the Merlerault was developed from the Thoroughbred and was very popular at the end of the Ancien Régime, which lasted until the late 18th century. It was a mid-sized type, particularly suited for riding and pulling small carriages. The Cotentin was the oldest type of Carrossier Normand from which the Anglo-Normans were in large part developed, and was also the ancestor of the Norman Cob. Intended for the luxury carriage trade, Contentin horses were larger and slower than trotting horses bred for racing. Standing , the type was almost always black in color, allowing drivers to easily form matched teams. Until 1775, Cotentin horses were unrivaled in popularity in France and some other parts of Europe as carriage horses, and remained one of the most popular carriage horse breeds in the world until the early 19th century, when they disappeared due to unchecked crossbreeding.
19th century.
After the Napoleonic Wars, there were almost no saddle horses remaining in France. This situation was exacerbated by improvements to the roads, resulting in a large demand for carriage horses, further reducing demand for riding horses. Between 1815 and the 1850s, only the wealthy and the army continued to purchase riding horses. Early in the 19th century, in Lower Normandy, breeders focused on the Carrossier Normand, the ancestor of the Anglo-Norman and the French Trotter, which was mainly used as a carriage horse. When the Carrossier Normand was crossed with Thoroughbreds, a practice which likely started around 1830, the resulting mix was called the "Anglo-Norman". When other local native mares were crossed with Thoroughbreds and Arabians, however, the early results were disappointing. However, despite very low population numbers of riding horses, in the early 1850s, author Ephrem Houël noted a type of Norman saddle horse still extant in Le Merlerault.
Beginning in the early 1850s, with the arrival of the Second French Empire, the Anglo-Norman became a popular breed in France, competing with the Thoroughbred. It was reputed to be a versatile horse, appropriate for riding and pulling light carriages. From 1840 to 1860, the breed was further influenced by part-Thoroughbred trotting horses from England. Local Norman mares were crossed with imported Thoroughbreds, Norfolk Trotters, Orlov Trotters and other crossbred horses, which themselves had Norfolk and Mecklenburger blood. By 1855, the quality of the resulting animals had ensured the breed's success, and the Anglo-Norman spread throughout France, especially supplanting another type of riding horse from the south, the Limousin horse. In 1864, the "Société du cheval français de demi-sang" (Society of French Half-Blood Horses) was founded, which later became the "Société d'encouragement à l'élevage du cheval français" (Society to Encourage French Horse Breeding). The breeders spread the description of Norman horses, particularly Anglo-Normans, as versatile horses that could be used for both riding and driving.
The French conquest of Algeria (1830-1847) brought the Anglo-Norman into competition with the Barb horse. In 1873, the Bocher law was passed, which established premiums for French horse breeders, while taxing imported horses. The protectionism was the result of the desire of native French breeders to protect their interests against imports from the French colonies. The law was named after Edward Bocher, a politician from Calvados, who argued that the law was supportive of French agriculture, and especially the Anglo-Norman breed. He called the Anglo-Norman a "horse of the time ... suitable for all services." He said that they were useful for both riding and driving, and sought after by both military and commercial interests. The law significantly increased national breeding standards and encouraged the production of half-blood horses, especially Anglo-Normans, for military use. The development of the Anglo-Norman saddle horse breed had long been delayed by a focus on the production of fashionable carriage horses. This resulted in the military imposing major breeding changes on breeders, who were often unaware of the jobs their horses performed for the military. However, conflict between breeders and the military often resulted from disagreements over breeding aims.
From the 1830s to the interwar period (1919–1939), the Anglo-Norman was one of the main horses used by the French cavalry. Although author Alfred Gallier stated that it was a good breed for this use, many opposing scholars argued that this was not the case. Military requirements conflicted with Norman breeders, as the carriage horses preferred by the breeders were very different from the style sought by the military, which required fast horses with stamina and agility. According to military equestrian Denis Bogros, the economic weight of the Norman horse breeders was such as they negatively influenced the effectiveness of the French army until the early 20th century, producing only large, overweight trotters that became fatigued more easily than Barbs or Arabians. Bogros states that breeders of Norman horses managed to deceive the French government, through powerful lobbying groups, by selling the military rejects from the breeding programs. The Anglo-Norman was a commercial success as carriage horses, but proved worthless for the cavalry. This led to the creation of the "Société du cheval de guerre" (Society of the War Horse), which in 1906 severely criticized the use of the Anglo-Norman. Bogros considered the Anglo-Arabians bred near Tarbes to be much more useful for the military.
20th century.
With the mechanization of transport and the military in the 20th century, the Anglo-Norman was no longer in demand as a carriage and military horse. In addition, World War II and the German occupation of France caused significant damage to the Norman homeland of the breed as fighting destroyed farms and killed half of the horses at the National Stud at Saint-Lô. Most of the surviving were of the Norman Cob breed, and horses lost their status as animals of luxury and leisure. Many farms were left in ruins, and breeders were left rethinking their breeding aims. Certain provisions of the Marshall Plan convinced them not to focus on breeding draft horses, and that type began to disappear. Instead, emphasis shifted toward producing horses for equestrian sports, and a stud book was created for the Anglo-Norman breed on December 7, 1950, at Saint-Lô. In the 1950s and 1960s, the Anglo-Norman became a major force in international equine competition. At the 1964 Summer Olympics, the Anglo-Norman Lutteur B won a gold medal in show jumping.
In 1958, the Anglo-Norman studbook was combined with other regional warmblood saddle horses such as the Demi-sang du Centre and the Vendéen in order to create a unified national warmblood studbook for the Selle Français or French saddle horse. The French government actively supported the merger of regional types and breeds with a large financial appropriation. In spite of this merger, for decades afterwards, horses from Anglo-Norman bloodlines were clearly identifiable within the Selle Français due to differences in conformation.
In August 1996, breeder Fernand Leredde, of the "Haras des Rouges" stud farm, developed the idea of the Cheval de Sport Anglo-Normand (CSAN, or Anglo-Norman Sport Horse), to preserve the genetic heritage of four generations of Anglo-Norman horses still extant within the Selle Français breed. The plan moved forward in August 2008 with the support of other professional breeders. Their argument was that the Selle Français had become increasingly crossed with other European breeds since the advent of artificial insemination in 1980 and the opening of the stud book to horses of foreign breeds in 2000; the theory of "jus soli" allowed horses of foreign bloodlines to be called Selle Français if they were born in France. The breeders allying themselves with Leredde prefer to return to the original French Anglo-Norman as a regional sport horse. However, when Anglo-Norman breeders as a whole were asked to vote, they rejected the idea of amending the studbook.
The idea for the new stud book was presented in December 2009 and November 2011 to the "Commission des livres généalogiques" (Stud Book Commission) and on May 24, 2013 to the Ministry of Agriculture. The president of the "Association nationale du selle français" (French Saddle Horse Association), Bernard Le Courtois, publicly spoke out against the idea on June 18, 2013, arguing that competition from other countries is already strong in the world of sport horse breeding, and that creating competition within France should be avoided. He described the proposed re-opening of an Anglo-Norman stud book as "criminal", saying it would be a step backwards led by a "small group of unscrupulous and fanciful breeders". In response, the "Syndicat des Éleveurs et Cavaliers professionnels de chevaux et poneys de sport" (Union of Breeders and Professional Riders of Horses and Sport Ponies) defended the project by stating that the breeder behind the Anglo-Norman stud book project is one of the top in his field in the world, while the Selle Français stud book is "the largest and the most in decline in Europe".
Influence on other breeds.
The Anglo-Norman was used to create several other breeds of horses throughout Europe and Asia. These included the Greek Andravida, which was created by crossing native Greek mares with Anglo-Norman stallions, and the Swiss Freiberger, a blend of Anglo-Norman lines with Thoroughbreds and native horses from the Jura Mountains. The Hungarian Nonius breed stems from an Anglo-Norman stallion named Nonius Senior, and Anglo-Norman blood was also used to add refinement to the German Oldenburg, through the stallions Condor (born 1950) and Furioso II, a Selle Français. The Anglo-Norman was used to create the Polish Sokolsky horse and the Chinese Heihe breed.

</doc>
<doc id="19634995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19634995" title="David Coles">
David Coles

David Coles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19634999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19634999" title="Khodi">
Khodi

Khodi () is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="19635001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635001" title="Tbet">
Tbet

Tbet ( "Tbeti", , ) is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia. It is located 2 kilometers west of Tskhinvali.

</doc>
<doc id="19635003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635003" title="Tibilaani">
Tibilaani

Tibilaani is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.

</doc>
<doc id="19635004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635004" title="Miha Valič">
Miha Valič

Miha Valič (4 November 1978 – 5 October 2008) was a Slovenian mountaineer. He was the first person to ascend every 4000-meter peak in the Alps in one winter session. The Alps marathon was completed in 102 days.
Valič attended 10 expeditions, mostly in Yosemite, Patagonia and the Himalayas. In 2003 Valič spend two months in the Yosemite Valley with Matjaž Jeran, where they free climbed the El Capitan rock formation's Freerider route (1200 m, 5.12d/13a). A year later he made the first alpine-style ascent on route Eternal Flame in Trango group with Tomaž Jakofčič and Klemen Mali. Valič was also a successful sport climber. He climbed routes up to 8b+.
On 5 October 2008, Valič died while descending Cho Oyu after a successful ascent.

</doc>
<doc id="19635005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635005" title="Philadelphia Pennsylvania Temple">
Philadelphia Pennsylvania Temple

The Philadelphia Pennsylvania Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) under construction in the Logan Square neighborhood of Philadelphia. The announcement of the temple was made on October 4, 2008 during the church's 178th Semiannual General Conference by church president Thomas S. Monson. The temple will be the first in the state of Pennsylvania.
On November 19, 2009, the church announced that the temple would be built on Vine Street in downtown Philadelphia, directly northeast of Logan Circle. This location puts the planned temple in the immediate vicinity of several prominent Philadelphia landmarks, and immediately across the street from the Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul, head church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
Ground was broken for the temple on 17 September 2011. Local community leaders were present for the ceremonies which were presided over by Henry B. Eyring, First Counselor in the church's First Presidency. As of July 2012 no significant work had begun on the temple as a contractor to remove the existing parking lot and start the below ground excavation for the two level parking garage had not been found. In November 2012 the Philadelphia Art Commission granted final approval for the temple design, despite some members feeling the building was too similar to other buildings in the vicinity in its appearance. By February 2013, most of the parking lot on the temple site had been removed. By May 2013, the underground digging for the building of the temple had been completed.
The temple architect is B. Jeffrey Stebar of the Atlanta office of Perkins+Will, a Latter-day Saint who has served as a bishop and currently serves in an LDS stake presidency.
In February 2014, city and church officials announced that a meetinghouse and a 32-story residential building will be built on a lot adjacent to the temple site. The meetinghouse will include a family history center and, as a religious building, be tax-exempt. The residential building is anticipated to include 258 apartments and 13 townhouses, along with retail space, and be subject to regular, applicable taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="19635009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635009" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Paralympics">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Paralympics

Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Paralympics consisted of nine events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19635010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635010" title="Acts of Beauty/Exit no Exit">
Acts of Beauty/Exit no Exit

Acts of Beauty • Exit no Exit is the 55th album by Michael Nyman, the eighth on his own label, and the third of these to consist entirely of previously unrecorded work. He does not perform on the album, but composed and produced it. "Acts of Beauty" is a song cycle with texts by various writers commenting on the nature of art and beauty. It is performed by Cristina Zavalloni and Sentieri Selvaggi, conducted by Carlo Boccadoro. "Exit no Exit" was originally a vocal work for John Motson called "Beckham Crosses, Nyman Scores", in tribute to the English association football team. Here, the vocal part is rewritten for bass clarinet, and played by Andrew Sparling of the Michael Nyman Band with the Nyman Quartet: Gabrielle Lester, Catherine Thompson, Kate Musker, and Tony Hinnigan.
Acts of Beauty.
"Acts of Beauty" features settings of material by Vincenzo Cartari, Kurt Schwitters, subject of Nyman's opera, "", and Dziga Vertov, director of "Man with a Movie Camera", a film he scored at the behest of the British Film Institute. "Marulla's Hobby" is about measuring erections.

</doc>
<doc id="19635011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635011" title="Vangelis discography">
Vangelis discography

Vangelis (born March 29, 1943) is a Greek composer and performer. He gained wide popularity after composing soundtracks to "Chariots of Fire" (1981) and "Blade Runner" (1982).
Unofficial albums.
Strictly not bootleg recordings as they appeared on a label, but they were released without Vangelis' permission and were later withdrawn from the market.

</doc>
<doc id="19635012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635012" title="Bagata (South Ossetia)">
Bagata (South Ossetia)

Bagata is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="19635015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635015" title="Marselli Sumarno">
Marselli Sumarno

Marselli Sumarno (born 1956) is an Indonesian writer, filmmaker and educator. 
Sumarno has written about cinema for the Indonesian publications "Kompas" and "The Jakarta Post" and for the U.S.-based "Variety International Film Guide". He is the author of three books: "Dasar-dasar Apresiasi Film" ("Basics of Film Appreciation"), "DA Peransi & Film", and "Suata Sketsa Perfilman Indonesia" ("A Sketch of Indonesian Film"). In 1994, he became chairman of the Department of Media Studies in the Faculty of Film and Television at Institut Kesenian Jakarta.
In 1999, Sumarno directed the film "Sri", a supernatural tale about the young bride of an ailing elderly man who negotiates with Death from immediately claiming her husband. It was Indonesia's submission to the 72nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="19635023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635023" title="Gudzhabauri">
Gudzhabauri

Gudzhabauri () is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="19635027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635027" title="Kekhvi">
Kekhvi

Kekhvi ( "Kekhvi", "Chekh", "Kekhvi") is an abandoned village in the Gori Municipality of Georgia. The village is located on the left bank of the Greater Liakhvi River. The Transcaucasian highway passes through the village. The road from Tskhinvali to Kekhvi – 7.38 km. Since the 2008 South Ossetia war the village is controlled by the breakaway republic and included in the Tskhinval district by its administrative divisions.
In the south of the village is situated the village of Kurta. In the east of the river – the village Kemerti.
North of the village is a small hydroelectric dam.

</doc>
<doc id="19635029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635029" title="Kvemo-Monasteri">
Kvemo-Monasteri

Kvemo-Monasteri is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="19635030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635030" title="Kvemo-Achabeti">
Kvemo-Achabeti

Kvemo-Achabeti is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia.

</doc>
<doc id="19635032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635032" title="Zemo-Monasteri">
Zemo-Monasteri

Zemo-Monasteri is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.

</doc>
<doc id="19635034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635034" title="Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford">
Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford

Henry de Vere, 18th Earl of Oxford (24 February 1593 – June 1625) was an English aristocrat, courtier and soldier.
Life.
He was born on 24 February 1593 at Newington, Middlesex, the only son of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, by his second wife, Elizabeth Trentham. He succeeded his father as earl on 24 June 1604.
He is said to have been educated at Oxford. He was admitted a member of the Inner Temple in November 1604, and was created M.A. of Oxford on 30 August 1605. He was made a knight of the Bath on 3 June 1610, and keeper of Havering Park on 15 November 1611. In his youth he had a reputation for debauchery.
On his mother’s death, early in 1613, he inherited a share of her fortune, and set out on an extended foreign tour. From Brussels he made his way through France to Italy. At Venice in 1617 he offered to raise a body of volunteers for the service of the republic, and he exerted himself to obtain the release of his kinsman Sidney Bertie, who had fallen into the hands of the Inquisition at Ancona.
While Oxford was still abroad, he was involved vicariously in a tangled family drama. Against the wishes of Sir Edward Coke, Lady Hatton, Coke's wife, offered Oxford the hand of her daughter Frances Coke, whom the king wished to marry to Sir John Villiers, the brother of George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham. Lady Hatton was in fact obstructing Coke's plan to improve his standing at court, with Buckingham; she did this by claiming Frances was already promised to Oxford, and by placing Frances out of reach in houses of allies. This failed matchmaking laid the seeds of a future quarrel between Buckingham and Oxford, though the Villiers marriage for Frances went ahead in September 1617. Oxford returned to England in October 1618. On 22 May 1619 he was admitted to the hereditary office of Lord Great Chamberlain.
Between June and November 1620 he served under his kinsman, Sir Horatio Vere in the Palatinate, and on his return home was appointed, in January 1621, to the council of war that was ordered to determine the aid that England would render Frederick V, Elector Palatine. In July 1621 an incautious expression of dissatisfaction with the Spanish match led to a few weeks' imprisonment in the Tower of London. In December 1621 he was nominated by Buckingham to command the Assurance, a vessel that was commissioned to guard the Channel. He captured a Dutch Indiaman, which he had to restore. He served at sea until March 1622, but was removed from command for interfering when Buckingham's brother, Christopher Villiers, sought to marry Oxford's cousin, Elizabeth Norris, the daughter of Oxford's half sister, Bridget de Vere, and Francis Norris, 1st Earl of Berkshire. Oxford was said to have stated that he ‘hoped the time would come when justice would be free, and not pass only through Buckingham's hands’. For this statement Oxford was sent to the Tower, and King James ordered his attorney-general to prosecute him in the Star Chamber. Oxford was kept a close prisoner for twenty months, despite repeated efforts by his friends to gain his release. He was finally freed on 30 December 1623 at the behest of Prince Charles and Buckingham himself, 'hoping to smooth the waters before the upcoming parliamentary session'. 
Immediately afterwards (1 January 1624) Oxford married Lady Diana Cecil, daughter of William Cecil, 2nd Earl of Exeter and Elizabeth Drury, a beauty who brought him a fortune of £30,000. Francis Bacon in his disgrace asked favours in an obsequious letter which he addressed to the Earl in the month of his marriage. Oxford declined a reconciliation with Buckingham.
In June 1624 he went to the Low Countries as colonel of a volunteer regiment of foot that was raised for the service of the Elector Palatine. He was present in June at the unsuccessful assault on Ter-heiden, in connection with the operations to relieve Breda but soon afterwards died at The Hague of fever. He was buried in Westminster Abbey on 25 July 1625. He left no issue, and was succeeded by a second cousin, Robert de Vere. An elegy to him was written by the poet Abraham Holland and published after Abraham Holland's death by his brother, the printer Henry Holland in a collection entitled "Hollandi Posthuma".

</doc>
<doc id="19635036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635036" title="Zemo-Achabeti">
Zemo-Achabeti

Zemo-Achabeti is a settlement in the Tskhinvali district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.

</doc>
<doc id="19635039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635039" title="2008 Norwegian Football Cup Final">
2008 Norwegian Football Cup Final

The 2008 Norwegian Football Cup Final took place at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo on November 9, 2008 at 13.15 CET. The match was contested between the Premiership champions Stabæk and Vålerenga. Vålerenga defeated Stabæk 4-1, and won their 6th Norwegian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19635049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635049" title="Rahim Beširović">
Rahim Beširović

Rahim Beširović (Serbian Cyrillic: Paхим Бeшиpoвић ; born January 2, 1971 in Belgrade) is a Serbian-born Bosniak football player who has played as forward.
His previous club were FK Novi Pazar, FK Budućnost Podgorica, and most important, FK Partizan, UE Lleida in Spain and Busan Daewoo Royals in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19635053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635053" title="Shangdu County">
Shangdu County

Shangdu County (Mongolian: ""; ) is a county of south-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China. It is under the administration of Ulanqab City and has an area of , and in 2004 had about 330,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="19635070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635070" title="Jonas Coe">
Jonas Coe

Jonas Halstead Coe (September 21, 1805 - October 30, 1864), sometimes given in Spanish as Comodoro Juan Coe, was an American-born naval commander, notable in the early naval history of Argentina and Uruguay.
Early service in Peruvian waters.
Coe was born in Springfield Township, Union County, New Jersey. In 1824, at the age of 18, Coe joined the Chilean fleet, then commanded by Lord Cochrane, and served on board the brig "Protector" during the campaign of Peru.
Personal life.
On July 7, 1828 Coe married in Buenos Aires Trinidad Balcarce, daughter of Argentine General Juan Ramon Balcarce and Trinidad García Balcarce. The couple's first child, Dolores Coe Balcarce, was born in 1830.
Cisplatine War.
Serving as an officer in the Argentine fleet under Admiral William Brown, he achieved distinction in the battles of Juncal and Monte Santiago in the Cisplatine War that led to the Uruguayan independence in 1828.
Service in the Uruguayan Navy.
After the war with Brazil, he moved to Montevideo and became a partisan of Fructuoso Rivera and the Colorado Party.
At the beginning of the Uruguayan Civil War, he was given the rank of Commodore and placed in command over the fledgling Uruguayan Navy's "Escuadra Oriental", consisting of the flagship "Cagancha"; the corvettes "Constitución", "Sarandi", and "25 de Mayo"; the brig "Pereyra"; and the schooner "General Rivera". 
Although Brown's fleet was of similar size, Coe remained in harbor at Montevideo under the protection of the shore batteries for two months. On May 24, 1841, thinking Brown's forces to be scattered, he sailed out of the harbor only to be forced to retreat back in at dusk. He remained in harbor until August 3, when the Battle of Santa Lucía River saw the "General Rivera" sunk. In his third engagement on December 9, the Argentine brig "Belgrano" captured the "Cagancha" and all her crew.
Following these reverses, President Rivera appointed Italian skipper Giuseppe Garibaldi to the rank of Colonel and created the command of the "2ª División de la Escuadra Oriental", transferring most of Coe's ships to the new fleet. The new unit achieved some success before being routed by Admiral Brown in the battle of Costa Brava, on the Paraná River.
After this, the war simply became a siege of Montevideo, with Argentina and the Blancos in control of the sea, but the supply to the port was granted by Britain.
Return to Argentina.
With the war in Uruguay over and Rosas overthrown in Argentina, Coe was appointed by Justo José de Urquiza commander of the Confederation fleet which blockaded the city of Buenos Aires, after the later seceded from the central government in September 1852. Coe, aboard the steamer "Constitución", defeated a Buenos Aires flotilla 30 miles off Martín García island on April 18, 1853, when his squadron captured the enemy brigs "Enigma" and "11 de Septiembre", with 22 officers and 200 men. On June 26, however, Coe deserted to the United States aboard the American sloop USS "Jamestown" after being bribed by Buenos Aires' citizens.
Death and legacy.
Coe eventually returned to Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he died on October 30, 1864, the father of ten children. His remains were buried at the family's grave in the Recoleta cemetery. He is the namesake of the ROU "Comodoro Coe" (07), a French-designed Vigilante-class patrol boat of the Uruguayan Navy commissioned in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19635086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635086" title="Old Man River's City project">
Old Man River's City project

The Old Man River's City project was an architectural design created by Buckminster Fuller in 1971. Fuller was asked to design the structure from the city of East St. Louis. Old Man's River City would have been a truly massive housing project for the city's 70,000 residents. The total capacity of the building, a circular multi-terraced dome, would be 125,000 occupants. Each family would have approximately of living space. 
Total Undercover area 1,767,146 meters
ZONE A.
Outer Perimeter: 4750 meters
1,130,974 meters
ZONE B.
Esplanade Perimeter: 2800 meters
565,486 meters
ZONE C.
70,686 meters total area
Critical Path.
Buckminster Fuller, ""Critical Path""

</doc>
<doc id="19635088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635088" title="Clement Railroad Hotel Museum">
Clement Railroad Hotel Museum

The Clement Railroad Hotel Museum is located in Dickson, Tennessee. Opened in June 2009, the museum focuses on local history, including the Civil War and local railroads. 
Governor Frank G. Clement was born in the hotel in 1920, and managed the hotel for some years. The museum's displays will include Clement family items and exhibits about his life.
The building is a Tennessee state owned historic site operated by the Clement Foundation in partnership with the Tennessee Historical Commission. It is also known as the Halbrook Hotel, Hotel Halbrook Railroad & Local History Museum, and the Gov. Frank G. Clement Railroad Hotel Museum. It has previously also been known as Edwards Hotel and as Frank G. Clement Birthplace. Built in 1913, the railroad hotel was designed by R. F. Ridings, and is one of few remaining examples in Tennessee of a rural railroad hotel.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990 as Halbrook Hotel. 
It is located at 100 Clement Place, or 100 Frank G. Clement Place, in Dickson.

</doc>
<doc id="19635097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635097" title="DeForest High School">
DeForest High School

DeForest High School is a public high school servicing grades 9-12 located in DeForest, Wisconsin and is part of the DeForest Area School District. De Forest High School serves primarily the communities of DeForest and Windsor.

</doc>
<doc id="19635124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635124" title="Shore skink">
Shore skink

The shore skink, "Oligosoma smithii" / "Leiolopisma smithii", is a species of skink native to the north half of the North Island of New Zealand. The shore skink is always found near the shoreline and prefers open areas such as around driftwood at the high tide mark. It eats insects and probably anything that moves and fits in its mouth. It was named after Lt Alexander Smith who collected the original specimens in the 1840s. The shore skink is diurnal (active during the day) and spends most of its time hunting or basking in the sun. It is small, growing to 8 cm and well camouflaged. This skink may be found in a range of colours, sometimes almost black.

</doc>
<doc id="19635149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635149" title="Guy Harvey">
Guy Harvey

Guy Harvey (born September 16, 1955) is a marine wildlife artist and conservationist. His depictions of sealife, especially of sportfish such as marlin, are very popular with sportfishermen and have been reproduced in prints, posters, t-shirts, jewelry, clothing, and other consumer items. Harvey is also a very vocal and active advocate for marine conservation, having established the Guy Harvey Research Institute (GHRI) at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida as well as the Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation, an organization that funds scientific research and educational initiatives.
Biography.
Guy Harvey was born in Bad Lippspringe, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany on September 16, 1955 while his father was serving as a Gunnery Officer in the British Army. He grew up in Jamaica, West Indies. Harvey is a 10th generation Jamaican of English heritage as his family immigrated to Jamaica in 1664. Harvey attended Aberdeen University in Scotland, graduating with highest honors in Marine Biology in 1977. He then obtained a PhD degree in Fisheries Management from the University of the West Indies in 1982.
In 1985, he depicted Ernest Hemingway's famous fishing story "The Old Man and the Sea" in a series of 44 original pen-and-ink drawings and displayed them at an exhibition in Jamaica. Based on the positive response he received at this show, Guy began painting full time and, by 1988, was providing custom artwork for use on a variety of products.
Artwork and merchandise.
Harvey's artistic style is mostly to realistically depict warm water marine sport fish in dynamic poses in their natural settings. His media include water color, oil, and acrylic. His original paintings have been composed on water color paper, canvas, and wall murals. His art is routinely reproduced on canvas, fine art prints, posters, magazines, and books, as well as being licensed for use in merchandising such as T-shirts, aloha-style shirts, belts, hats etc.
"Guy Harvey's Portraits from the Deep" is a syndicated television series that combines the showcasing of sport fishing destinations with educational information from marine scientists in an entertainment format.
Harvey has two books currently in print. The first, Guy Harvey Portraits From The Deep is a large-format coffee-table book. Harvey's second book, Santiago's Finest Hour, is an illustrated depiction of the protagonist Santiago's fight with a fish in the Ernest Hemingway novella "The Old Man and the Sea".
Conservation.
Harvey has donated portions of his proceeds from the sale of his artwork and merchandise to various causes dedicated to the protection of the marine environment. He is also an advocate for responsible and sustainable commercial and recreational fishing.
In 1999, Harvey founded the Guy Harvey Research Institute at Nova's Oceanographic Center in cooperation with Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The institute, which is funded in part by contributions from the Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation, conducts research on the ecology, genetics, behavior, physiology, and evolution of fishes. Research areas include shark ecology and conservation, stingray ecology and conservation, and artificial reef design and monitoring. Harvey continues to speak on ocean conservation and other topics at universities, symposia, and other venues. His work in the field of game fish conservation led to him being included in the International Game Fish Association Hall of Fame.
In 1997, Harvey partnered with the Pompano Beach Fishing Rodeo part of the Broward County Artificial Reef Program. Harvey sponsored the preparation and sinking of a freighter, and painted fish silhouettes along the side before the sinking. The ship was sunk on May 10 and came to rest in of water, with the superstructure reaching to within of the surface. Christened the "Guy Harvey Reef", the ship is a popular dive site and is home to a large number of sharks, barracuda, jacks, angelfish, grunts, and snappers.
Guy Harvey Research Institute.
In 1999, Harvey partnered with the Oceanographic Center at Nova Southeastern University to create the Guy Harvey Research Institute (GHRI) for the purpose of providing "the scientific information necessary to understand, conserve and effectively manage the world's marine fishes and their ecosystems." The GHRI provides global-level leadership in the generation of the scientific data necessary to conserve the world's fish resources. 
Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation.
The Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation was founded by Harvey in 2008 to “help ensure that future generations will enjoy and benefit from a naturally balanced ocean ecosystem where fish and other marine wildlife flourish.”

</doc>
<doc id="19635161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635161" title="Complexa">
Complexa

Complexa is red Portuguese wine grape used in the production of Madeira. The grape was created as a crossing of Castelao, Muscat Hamburg and Tintinha in the 1960s. The grape provides a deep color with less tannins than the commonly used Tinta Negra Mole.

</doc>
<doc id="19635180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635180" title="Wilbur Olin Hedrick">
Wilbur Olin Hedrick

Wilbur O. Hedrick (1868–1954) started as a professor of Economics at Michigan State College in 1908.
Life.
Born on April 3, 1868 in Elkhart, Indiana. He grew up in northern Michigan near Harbor Springs. He is the brother of Ulysses Prentiss Hedrick. He was married to Lucelia D. Baker. He fathered four children, Helen, Hester, Amy, and Marian.
He pioneered student co-operatives in East Lansing, and "Hedrick House", named after him and opened in 1939, is the oldest student-owned co-operative in the USA.
"No living person in this community has contributed more to M.S.C. than you have in your long period of distinguished service," said John A. Hannah in reference to Hedrick's accomplishments over his lengthy employment of 47 years as a faculty member at M.S.C..

</doc>
<doc id="19635187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635187" title="Guillermo Molins">
Guillermo Molins

Guillermo Federico Molins Palmeiro (; born 26 September 1988 in Montevideo) is a Swedish footballer. He is currently playing for Malmö FF as a right midfielder or striker, he also serves as club captain.
Club career.
Malmö FF.
In 2006 Molins made his league debut for Malmö FF in Allsvenskan, he had a breakthrough in 2008 when he played 27 matches and scored 2 goals. He was the managers choice as right midfielder in the starting lineup throughout the 2009 season, however in the title winning season of 2010 he was challenged in some games by Jiloan Hamad. Molins proved to be a very skilled dribbler, he was involved in most attacks for Malmö in 2010. Molins continued to be challenged for a position in the starting eleven by Hamad and Jimmy Durmaz in the start of the 2011 season, partly due to minor injuries on Molins part. On 15 May 2011 Molins secured a 2–1 home win against Örebro SK with two powerful shots in the top left goal corner after the team had been down 0–1 in half time. Malmö FF's director of sports Per Ågren announced on 26 May 2011 that he expected Molins to leave the club in the summer of 2011 because his contract was ending in November and Molins had declined to negotiate a renewal. On 2 June 2011 several newspapers reported that Molins had started negotiations with Anderlecht, three days after former club partner Behrang Safari had signed for the Belgian club. On 17 June 2011 Malmö FF reported that Molins had signed a four-year contract with Anderlecht.
Anderlecht.
Molins was announced an Anderlecht player on 17 June 2011. Just 8 days later Molins was carried off the field after just 25 minutes in a friendly against Knokke, he tore the ligaments of his knee and also his meniscus was affected. On 18 March 2012, he finally played a few minutes in the 2-2-game on the field of Sint-Truiden. Molins made 4 appearances for Anderlecht in the 2011–12 season and another three in the 2012–13 season before being sent on loan to La Liga side Real Betis.
Betis.
In January 2013 Molins went on loan to Real Betis. He confirmed to have chosen Betis instead of clubs in the Dutch Eredivisie. Molins stayed at Betis for the remainder of the 2012–13 season. He made four appearances coming in from the bench for the club.
Return to Malmö FF.
On 11 August 2013, the last day of the Swedish transfer window, Molins signed a three year contract with his former club Malmö FF. He was given a pitch presentation and the number 24 jersey before the home fixture against AIK. Molins played his first match back for the club on 18 August when he was substituted on in the away fixture against Kalmar FF after an hours play. He later scored the 4–0 goal for Malmö FF in a match that ended 4–1 for the club and made them league leaders. He eventually earned the team the 2013 league title after scoring both goals against Elfsborg on 28 October, giving Malmö FF an insurmountable five-point lead before the last matchday. In total Molins played 11 matches and scored 8 goals. The major difference from his last spell at the club was that he was played as an attacker instead of his usual position as winger.
International career.
Molins made his U21 debut on 25 May 2008 when Sweden U21 played Portugal U21. He was also a part of the U21 squad at 2009 U21 Championship in Sweden. He made his debut for Sweden against Oman as a part of Sweden's winter tour on 20 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19635206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635206" title="Tinta Negra Mole">
Tinta Negra Mole

Tinta Negra Mole is a red Portuguese wine grape commonly used in the production of Madeira. It is the most widely planted variety on the island of Madeira and is considered the industry's "workhorse grape". 
The grape produces very high yields of sweet, pale red wine.

</doc>
<doc id="19635208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635208" title="Aquatic biodiversity research">
Aquatic biodiversity research

Aquatic biodiversity research is the field of scientific research studying marine and freshwater biological diversity.
Development.
After the Earth Summit in Rio, 1992 and the adoption of the Convention on Biological Diversity, the term biodiversity has become a component of research policy in many countries and international bodies and initiatives. Biodiversity however, is not a concept but an umbrella term (Haila and Kouki 1994); the content of which is quite diverse as can be inferred by definitions provided in many different texts (Wilson 1988, Reid and Miller 1989, CBD 1992, Margalef 1997). The distinction between and biodiversity is also fairly unclear in many studies in biology.
As with most other issues in Ecology and Evolution, paradigms dominating the study of biodiversity on both global and regional scales come mainly from the terrestrial environment despite the marked distinctive features of marine biodiversity and the fact that the aquatic (freshwater & marine) environment occupies more than two thirds of the Earth’s surface (Vanaverbeke et al. 1997, Gessner et al. 2004). Marine organisms play crucial roles in many bio-geochemical processes that sustain the biosphere, and provide a variety of products and functions which are essential to mankind’s well-being, including the production of food and natural substances, the assimilation of waste and regulation of the world’s climate. The rate and efficiency of any processes that marine organisms mediate, as well as the range of goods and services that they provide, are determined by interactions between organisms and interactions between organisms and their environment; and therefore by biodiversity (Gaston 1996, Gaston and Spicer 1998). These relationships have not yet been quantified, and we are at present unable to predict the consequences of loss of biodiversity resulting from environmental change in ecological, economic or social terms (Walker, 1992, Lawton and Brown, 1994, Ehrlich and Ehrlich, 1981, Lawton, 1994, Vitousek and Hooper 1994). The influence of species diversity on the productivity of marine ecosystems on a large scale is still unclear (Cardinale et al. 2004).
Terrestrial vs. marine biodiversity.
Terrestrial paradigms do not necessarily apply to marine biota. Our understanding of the role and regulation of aquatic biodiversity lies far behind that of terrestrial biodiversity, to such an extent that we do not have enough scientific information to underpin management issues such as conservation and sustainable use of marine resources. Many of these paradigms may not be applicable to the marine situation because of differences to terrestrial ecosystems (Heip et al. 1998, Gessner et al. 2004). A greater variety of species at a higher trophic level are exploited in the sea than on land. Exploitation of marine biodiversity is also far less managed than on land (Heip et al. 1998, Giller et al. 2004). Environmental change in the sea has a much lower frequency than on land, both temporally and spatially. Marine systems are more open than terrestrial and dispersal of species may occur over much broader ranges than on land (Heip et al. 1998). The main marine primary producers are very small and often mobile, whereas on land primary producers are large and static. The standing stock of grazers is higher than that of primary producers in the sea, the reverse of the situation on land. In the largest part of the ocean, beneath the shallow surface layers, no photosynthesis occurs at all (Heip et al. 1998, Giller et al. 2004). In addition, pollution from the air, land and freshwater ultimately enters the sea and therefore marine biodiversity is most exposed to, and critically influences the fate of, pollutants in the world (Heip et al. 1998).
Published research affects decision making on conservation of biodiversity. Conservation measures taken for biodiversity of an area depend also on the areas ecological, economic and social importance, as evaluated by science and society (Wackernagel et al. 1999, Constanza 1997, CDB 1992). On the other hand, while conservation measures are usually taken for some species, there are several cases where species of virtually no commercial value become extinct almost unnoticed (Casey and Myers 1998).

</doc>
<doc id="19635225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635225" title="Civic Alliance for Democracy in Europe">
Civic Alliance for Democracy in Europe

The Civic Alliance for Democracy in Europe ("Alliance Citoyenne pour la Démocratie en Europe", ACDE) is a liberal political party in France.
It was launched in January 2008 by Jean-Marie Cavada, Claire Gibault and Janelly Fourtou, three MEPs elected for Union for French Democracy. The goal of the party is to unite all those liberals who disagreed with the creation of the Democratic Movement and support President Nicolas Sarkozy.
The party was a member of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party for a few months until November 2009.
In the 2009 European Parliament election, Cavada was re-elected under the Union for a Popular Movement-New Centre etiquette, and seems to have become a member of the New Centre. Claire Gibault and Janelly Fourtou were not re-elected. The future of the organization is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19635227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635227" title="Kade Hotspurs">
Kade Hotspurs

Kade Hotspurs is a Ghanaian association football club based in Kade, Ghana. They are competing in the GAFCOA. Their home stadium is Kaladan Sports Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="19635243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635243" title="Bilateral hypergeometric series">
Bilateral hypergeometric series

In mathematics, a bilateral hypergeometric series is a series Σ"a""n" summed over "all" integers "n", and such that the ratio 
of two terms is a rational function of "n". The definition of the generalized hypergeometric series is similar, except that the terms with negative "n" must vanish; the bilateral series will in general have infinite numbers of non-zero terms for both positive and negative "n".
The bilateral hypergeometric series fails to converge for most rational functions, though it can be analytically continued to a function defined for most rational functions. There are several summation formulas giving its values for special values where it does converge.
Definition.
The bilateral hypergeometric series "p"H"p" is defined by
where 
is the rising factorial or Pochhammer symbol.
Usually the variable "z" is taken to be 1, in which case it is omitted from the notation.
It is possible to define the series "p"H"q" with different "p" and "q" in a similar way, but this either fails to converge or can be reduced to the usual hypergeomtric series by changes of variables.
Convergence and analytic continuation.
Suppose that none of the variables "a" or "b" are integers, so that all the terms of the series are finite and non-zero. Then the terms with "n"<0 diverge if |"z"| <1, and the terms with "n">0 diverge if |"z"| >1, so the series cannot converge unless |"z"|=1. When |"z"|=1, the series converges if 
The bilateral hypergeometric series can be analytically continued to a multivalued meromorphic function of several variables whose singularities are
branch points at "z" = 0 and "z"=1 and simple poles at "a""i" = −1, −2... and "b""i" = 0, 1, 2, ...
This can be done as follows. Suppose that none of the "a" or "b" variables are integers. The terms with "n" positive converge for |"z"| <1 to a function satisfying an inhomogeneous linear equation with singularities at "z" = 0 and "z"=1, so can be continued to a multivalued function with these points as branch points. Similarly the terms with "n" negative converge for |"z"| >1 to a function satisfying an inhomogeneous linear equation with singularities at "z" = 0 and "z"=1, so can also be continued to a multivalued function with these points as branch points. The sum of these functions gives the analytic continuation of the bilateral hypergeometric series to all values of "z" other than 0 and 1, and satisfies a linear differential equation in "z" similar to the hypergeometric differential equation.
Summation formulas.
Dougall's bilateral sum.
This is sometimes written in the equivalent form
Bailey's formula.
where 

</doc>
<doc id="19635247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635247" title="1999–2000 Liga Artzit">
1999–2000 Liga Artzit

The 1999–2000 Liga Artzit season was the first in which Liga Artzit was the third tier of Israeli football due to the formation of the Israeli Premier League. Only the champions, Hapoel Ramat Gan, were promoted as restructuring continued in the divisions above.
Hapoel Ironi Dimona and Hapoel Iksal were relegated to Liga Alef. At the end of the season Beitar Tel Aviv and Shimshon Tel Aviv merged to form Beitar Shimshon Tel Aviv. The spare place in the division was filled by promoting the third-best club from Liga Alef rather than reprieving Hapoel Ironi Dimona.
Final table.
1. One point deducted for violating budget rules.
2. Two points deducted for violating budget rules.
3. Three points deducted (two for using an ineligible player, one for violating budget rules).

</doc>
<doc id="19635264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635264" title="Jean-Michel Caradec'h">
Jean-Michel Caradec'h

Jean-Michel Caradec'h (born 22 March 1950) is a French journalist and writer. He is the author of several books in association with personalities of show business, sports, and civil life. The originality of his style and the variety of the subjects handled are a direct continuation of his activity as journalist.
Career.
After studying clinical psychology (masters) at the University Paris Diderot, Jean-Michel Caradec'h worked as senior reporter for more than 25 years. He began his career in 1974, in the early days of the daily newspaper "Libération". In 1979, he participated in the creation of the short-lived "Paris-Hebdo", a city magazine launched in Paris by Jean-Louis Servan-Schreiber, before joining in 1980 the editorial staff of "Paris Match", then directed by Roger Therond. For "Paris Match" he covered society issues, major news stories (Gregory affair) and conflicts worldwide (the wars in Lebanon, El Salvador, Chad, Iran-Iraq).
He received the Albert Londres Award in 1984 for his stories on Salvadoran guerrilla warfare. In 1987, he was in charge of the cover stories in the department of investigations of "L'Express", where he published several scoops (sales of weapons to Iraq; sabotage of the Ariane rocket; hostages in Ouvéa; Greenpeace: "Rainbow Warrior" affair; French Doctors story). He was the only reporter admitted among the French Foreign Legion (Operation Daguet) during the operation Desert Storm in the Iraq invasion.
In 1992, he was named chief editor of "VSD" magazine in charge of the society and investigations department. In 1996, he became chief editor of "L'Evènement du Jeudi" directed by Jean-François Kahn. After "L'Evènement du Jeudi" closed down in 1999, he dedicated himself to writing signed or anonymous works for publishing houses. He is also the author of a reference inquiry on the death of Princess Diana (documentary for Channel 4 TV) and of two original film scenarios: "Joséphine" and "Marie-Antoinette" produced by Gallery TV for French television.

</doc>
<doc id="19635270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635270" title="Ratko Đokić">
Ratko Đokić

Ratko Đokić, called Cobra (; 1940s–2003) was a Montenegrian-Swedish mob boss, a leader of the so-called "Yugo Mafia" or "Yugoslavic Brotherhood", composed of Yugoslavs in Sweden. He owned a boxing gym in a southern suburb of Stockholm. He was murdered in May 2003, in broad daylight by hit man Nenad Mišović, sent by Rade Kotur.
Life.
He was born into a Orthodox, Montenegrin family, during the late 1940s in Titograd, PR Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia. He was the maternal cousin of Baja Sekulić, another known businessmen involved in the cigarette smuggling. He was a supporter of Momir Bulatović.
On 4 February 1998, his close associate Dragan Joksović "Jokso" is assassinated at the Solvalla race track. The hit man is a 19-year old Finnish immigrant, hired by a formed associate turned enemy Dragan Kovač "Kova". On 9 July 1998, Kova is killed with 40 bullets outside a Stockholm restaurant in broad day light.
His daughter Aleksandra married Milan Sevo, a notable mobster that was dubbed the new figurehead of the mafia after the death of Jokso. A lavish wedding took place in 1999, with over 400 guests, of which most are notable businessmen and criminals, including the leader of the Swedish Hells Angels chapter.
In his native country, Montenegro, he was called local Robin Hood, because of him helping people that had less.
Feud with Rade Kotur.
Đokić acted as a protector to Kotur's rivals, he also helped businesses removing RKC gambling machines. Kotur suspected that Đokić had earlier been involved in the shootings at the villa of Kotur.
Death.
He was killed in Stockholm, at 11 a.m. in the centre of Stockholm. Two attackers wounded him fatally and he succumbed to the injuries in a hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19635279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635279" title="Cuba Plantation">
Cuba Plantation

Cuba Plantation is a historic plantation house located in Faunsdale, Alabama. It was built in 1850 by Andrew Pickens Calhoun as an overseer's house for this, his second plantation. His primary plantation was the nearby Tulip Hill. Andrew Calhoun was the son of John C. Calhoun, seventh Vice President of the United States. It was sold in 1863 to Tristram Benjamin Bethea, who resided in Montgomery County, Alabama. Originally a one-story structure, the house was later enlarged on the ground floor and a second story added by the Bethea family. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 1993, as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="19635281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635281" title="Tipton-Haynes State Historic Site">
Tipton-Haynes State Historic Site

Tipton-Haynes State Historic Site, known also as Tipton-Haynes House, is a Tennessee state-owned historic site located at 2620 South Roan Street near Johnson City, Tennessee. It includes a house originally built in 1784 by Colonel John Tipton (1730–1813), and 10 other buildings, including a smokehouse, pigsty, loom house, still house, springhouse, log barn and corncrib. There is also the home of George Haynes, a Haynes family slave.
Tipton led the opposition to the State of Franklin, an unsuccessful attempt by the Tennessee Valley residents to form a state in the mid-1780s. In late February 1788, the so-called "Battle of Franklin" took place when a militia led by John Sevier, who had been elected governor of the proposed state, surrounded the Tipton farm and demanded the return of several slaves Tipton had confiscated. When Tipton refused, gunfire was exchanged, followed by a two-day standoff. Sevier's forces were finally scattered by the Sullivan County militia. The Franklin movement largely collapsed following this engagement.
Following Tipton's death in 1813, the farm passed to his son, John Tipton, Jr., who in turn sold it to a local land speculator, David Haynes, in 1837. In 1840, Haynes gave the farm to his son, Landon Carter Haynes (1816–1875), as a wedding present. This younger Haynes enlarged the house and added weatherboarding. A Confederate senator during the Civil War, Landon Carter Haynes faced death threats from East Tennessee Unionists, and was forced to flee the region in 1865. He sold the farm to his brother-in-law, Jonesborough publisher Lawson Gifford. In 1945, Gifford's grandson, David Simmerly, sold the farm to the Tennessee Historical Commission, though he continued living there until his death.
It is one of 17 Tennessee Historical Commission state-owned historic sites, and is operated by the Tipton-Haynes Association. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="19635290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635290" title="Peter Kane (magician)">
Peter Kane (magician)

Peter Kane (1938 – March 18, 2004) was a British magician born in England, United Kingdom.
History.
Peter created some memorable close-up magic effects. He contributed many routines to various magic periodicals.
His most popular routine is probably "Watch the Ace" which is better known as "Wild Card" which was released as a packet trick in 1962. He also created a version with Tarot cards called "Gypsy Curse".
Ethics among magic dealers has not always been of the highest standard, and magic dealers around the world jumped on the band wagon and started putting together their own "Wild Card" sets. By then Tannen's Magic Shop had already flooded the market. Later it was learned that the original concept came from the creative mind of Peter Kane; hence, a flap in the making that has never died.
Other routines that spurred many variations include: "Jazz Aces", "Elongated Lady", and "The Shrinking Card Case".

</doc>
<doc id="19635295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635295" title="Jimmy Carabine">
Jimmy Carabine

James Carabine (23 November 1911 in Blantyre, South Lanarkshire – 1987) was a Scottish football right back.
In the club game Carabine was most closely associated with Third Lanark A.C., serving the club as a player from 1934 to 1945 and then as manager from 1946 to 1949. In all he made 216 appearances and scored 10 goals for the club.
As an international Carabine represented Scotland in three official matches, appearing against the Netherlands (21 May 1938), Ireland (8 October 1938) and England (15 April 1939). He also featured in two unofficial games against Eastern USA and the American Soccer League (in which he scored a hat-trick) and nine equally unofficial wartime internationals, all against England, his last being an 8-0 defeat on 16 October 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19635318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635318" title="Radivoje Manić">
Radivoje Manić

Radivoje Manić (; born 16 January 1972 in Pirot) is a Serbian football player who played as a forward. In 2005, he naturalized as a Korean citizen.However, he soon renounced his citizenship after leaving Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19635343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635343" title="Ove Liavaag">
Ove Liavaag

Ove Liavaag (1938 - 2007) was a Norwegian civil servant.
He was the director of the Norwegian Civil Aviation Administration from 1989 to 2000. Prior to this he was technical director of the same organization from 1981. He was a siv. ing. by education.

</doc>
<doc id="19635378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635378" title="2000 Norwegian Football Cup Final">
2000 Norwegian Football Cup Final

The 2000 Norwegian Football Cup Final took place at Ullevaal Stadion in Oslo on November 29, 2000. The match was contested between 11 time champions Odd Grenland and 4 time champions Viking.

</doc>
<doc id="19635416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635416" title="Erik Willoch">
Erik Willoch

Erik Willoch (1922 – 1991) was a Norwegian jurist and civil servant.
Born in Oslo as a brother of Kåre Willoch, he graduated as cand.jur. in 1948. He worked at the University of Oslo from 1950 to 1956, and then in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1957. He was the director of the Norwegian Civil Aviation Administration from 1964 to 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19635426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635426" title="Suter's skink">
Suter's skink

Suter's skink, "Oligosoma suteri", is the only native skink in New Zealand to lay eggs - hence its other common name, the egg-laying skink. The egg laying Australian rainbow skink also is present in some parts of New Zealand. "O. suteri" lives on northern offshore islands from the Three Kings Islands to the Alderman Islands where it inhabits the coastal region, often very close to the water. It is known to hunt for prey in rock pools and is a capable swimmer in this situation.
It is named after Henry Suter (1841 – 1918), New Zealand zoologist, naturalist and palaeontologist.

</doc>
<doc id="19635431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635431" title="Syreeta (1972 album)">
Syreeta (1972 album)

Syreeta is the debut solo album by Motown singer Syreeta Wright, released in 1972 on Motown's MoWest subsidiary. Produced by Wright's ex-husband Stevie Wonder, it was released following the former couple's separation and subsequent divorce. The album featured compositions by both Wonder and Wright, and also featured Wright's takes on other artists' songs including a Wonder-produced funk-oriented version of his earlier recording, "I Love Every Little Thing About You", which was initially recorded by Wonder for his "Music of My Mind" project, released earlier that year. Wonder and Wright used the talk box prominently on Wright's cover of The Beatles' "She's Leaving Home" while Wright provided a smoother vocal take of Smokey Robinson's "What Love Has Joined Together". Wright wrote the ballad "Happiness" and she and Stevie co-wrote "Baby Don't You Let Me Lose This" and their featured duet "To Know You Is to Love You" together. The album failed to generate success though Wright would go on to a productive solo career throughout the 1970s and 1980s. Wright and Wonder would continue working together for several decades.
Track listing.
All songs by Stevie Wonder and Syreeta Wright unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19635443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635443" title="2007 Winchester 400">
2007 Winchester 400

The thirty-sixth annual Winchester 400 motor race, presented in 2007 by Ed Martin Auto Group and Renegade, was held under "Champion Racing Association" sanction on October 15, 2007, at the Winchester Speedway, Indiana (USA). The Winchester 400 has been run yearly since 1970 except in 2004–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19635450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635450" title="Liberal Democratic Centre">
Liberal Democratic Centre

The Liberal Democratic Centre (, CDL) is a liberal political party in Spain.
It was launched in February 2008 and since January 2008 it is led by Manuel Alonso, a former leading member of the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) and the Democratic and Social Centre (CDS). The party is closely linked with British Liberal Democrats and plans to become soon a full member of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party. It became an observer on 17 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19635471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635471" title="On the Warpath">
On the Warpath

"On The Warpath" is a popular instrumental tune composed by Raymond A. Browne in 1904. "On The Warpath" was the first American popular music to incorporate a repeating tom-tom effect in the score.

</doc>
<doc id="19635507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635507" title="Villoslada">
Villoslada

" 'Villoslada'" is a municipality located in the countryside Syracuse in Castilla y Leon, Spain.
Context.
Villoslada is the head of the "Sexmo of the Trinity" in the "Commonwealth and Land of Segovia", which is also known as "Villoslada of the Trinity". It includes, in addition to the place of his name, the hamlet of San Miguel and the outback of Elmore (or Ermoro). It belongs to the party of judicial Santa Maria la Real de Nieva, to which was united as a dependent district for a few years until the recognition of their autonomy as Local Entity Minor.
Local economy.
Villoslada place is basically a grain-producing pipeline, as well as a producer of sunflower and some other minor crops. In the past it bred sheep, cattle and pigs.
Festivals.
Villoslada celebrates its patron festival of San Miguel the second weekend in May, although the parish patron is San Nicolas de Bari (December 6). It also holds a San Roque festival (August 16).
Heritage.
Among its monuments highlights the chapel of San Miguel de Párraces, a Romanesque church of centuries XII-XIII, catalogued as national monument, that holds an interesting Romanesque Christ sculpture from the same period known as "Holy Christ". Also there are the Parish Church of St. Nicholas and the remains of an ancient shrine known as "The Holy Land". 

</doc>
<doc id="19635513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635513" title="Man Kam To Control Point">
Man Kam To Control Point

Man Kam To Control Point () is a land immigration control point in Man Kam To, North District, New Territories, Hong Kong, within the Closed Area on the border with mainland China. It is the first Hong Kong vehicular clearance point and it was taken over from the Hong Kong Immigration Department on June 25, 1981. Its counterpart across the border is the Wenjindu Port, located within the Luohu District of the city of Shenzhen, Guangdong Province. 
To enhance cross-boundary transport infrastructures for long-term economic growth, the Shenzhen Municipal People's Government of mainland China and the Hong Kong Government are planning to build a new control point at Liantang (on the Chinese side) and Heung Yuen Wai (on the Hong Kong side) the long-used Man Kam To Control Point.

</doc>
<doc id="19635516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635516" title="Commandant Royal Observer Corps">
Commandant Royal Observer Corps

The Commandant of the Royal Observer Corps (CROC) was the Royal Air Force commander of the Royal Observer Corps. All the holders of the post were RAF officers in the rank of Air Commodore, initially retired reserve officers then Auxiliary officers and, since the end of World War II, serving officers. The ROC was a uniformed civilian branch initially under the control of the Air Defence of Great Britain organization, then Fighter Command and latterly Strike Command. The Royal Observer Corps existed from 1925 until it was stood down in 1995. Most of the commandants, with only three exceptions, were qualified RAF pilots, two being air navigators and the other a General Duties (Ground) Supply Branch officer. If a Royal Observer Corps officer had ever held the appointment, he would have held the rank of "Observer Commodore".
The origins of the ROC go back to Metropolitan Observation Service of World War I which was founded by Air Vice Marshal Edward Ashmore. However, Ashmore never held the post of ROC Commandant. The first two commandants were recently retired RAF Air Commodores, the next two were Auxiliary Air Force officers and the remainder were serving RAF officers. The last three commandants held the appointment in addition to their primary appointment as Senior Air Staff Officer (SASO) at Headquarters No. 11/18 Group RAF, which was colocated with HQROC at RAF Bentley Priory.
The organisation had started as the volunteer civilian Observer Corps in 1925 and became the uniformed Royal Observer Corps in 1941 as part of the RAF in recognition of their invaluable services during the Battle of Britain. Despite several attempts by the Home Office in the 1950s, 1960s and the 1980s to take over the organisation and dispense with the RAF uniform the ROC remained part of RAF Fighter Command and later RAF Strike Command until they were stood down in 1995 as a result of the Communist Bloc breaking up and the Cold War nuclear threat on the UK being removed.

</doc>
<doc id="19635517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635517" title="Frank Dean">
Frank Dean

Frank Dean may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19635518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635518" title="7Y">
7Y

7Y or 7-Y may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19635522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635522" title="Dimona Radar Facility">
Dimona Radar Facility

The Dimona Radar Facility is a facility near Dimona, Israel consisting of two 400 meter (1,300 feet) tall radar towers, designed to track ballistic missiles through space and provide ground-based missiles with the targeting data needed to intercept them. Using AN/TPY-2 X-band radar, it can detect missiles up to 1,500 miles / 2,400 kilometers away. The towers are owned and operated by the US military, and provide only second hand intelligence to Israel. 
The towers of the facility, which are situated at and at , are the tallest towers in Israel, and the tallest used for radar in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19635547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635547" title="Shanmukhapriya">
Shanmukhapriya

Shanmukhapriya is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 56th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Chāmaram in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music.
A lot of compositions on Lord Murugan and Lord Shiva are based on this raaga. 
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 10th "chakra Disi". The mnemonic name is "Disi-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi mi pa dha ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This scale uses the "swaras chatushruti rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatam" and "kaisiki nishadam". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Natabhairavi", which is the 20th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Shanmukhapriya" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for scales associated with "Shanmukhapriya".
Compositions.
A composition later set to "Shanmukapriya"
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Shanmukhapriya".
The compositions of Muthuswami Dikshitar, namely, "Siddhi Vinayakam", "Mahasuram Ketumaham","sadashraye" and "Ekamreshanayakim" have their school's rāgam name "Chāmaram" mudra in them.
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Shanmukhapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other major "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Shoolini", "Dhenuka" and "Chitrambari". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19635599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635599" title="Village Christian Academy">
Village Christian Academy

Village Christian Academy is a private Christian school in Fayetteville, North Carolina, United States. It is located at 908 South McPherson Church Road. It is a Christian school founded by Village Baptist Church, although it is a non denominational school, and also uses the facilities of the church. With over 820 students, it is the biggest private school in Cumberland County, North Carolina. 
The current superintendent is Dr. Gene Hales, the High School Principal is Dr. William Warren, and the K-8 Principal is Theresa Clark. The school offeres a Campus Ministry department led by Kimet Montouth and Kevin Maxwell. Curriculum Director is Michelle Pait.
The school offers extended teaching service for Academical Gifted (AG) students, taught by Ms. Deborah Bailey, as well as Academic Enrichment (AE), taught by Ms. Wendy Danaher, for students in need. 
The school offers many sports as well as clubs. VCA's mascot is the Knights. It is also affiliated with FCA, TARS and NHS.

</doc>
<doc id="19635605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635605" title="Is Google Making Us Stupid?">
Is Google Making Us Stupid?

"Is Google Making Us Stupid? What the Internet is doing to our brains" (alternatively "Is Google Making Us Stoopid?") is a magazine article by technology writer Nicholas G. Carr highly critical of the Internet's effect on cognition. It was published in the July/August 2008 edition of "The Atlantic" magazine as a six-page cover story. Carr's main argument is that the Internet might have detrimental effects on cognition that diminish the capacity for concentration and contemplation. Despite the title, the article is not specifically targeted at Google, but more at the cognitive impact of the Internet and World Wide Web. Carr expanded his argument in "", a book published by W. W. Norton in June 2010.
The essay was extensively discussed in the media and the blogosphere, with reactions to Carr's argument being polarised. At the Britannica Blog, a part of the discussion focused on the apparent bias in Carr's argument toward literary reading. In Carr's view, reading on the Internet is generally of a shallower form in comparison with reading from printed books in which he believes a more intense and sustained form of reading is exercised. Elsewhere in the media, the Internet's impact on memory retention was discussed; and, at the online scientific magazine "Edge", several argued that it was ultimately the responsibility of individuals to monitor their Internet usage so that it does not impact their cognition.
While long-term psychological and neurological studies have yet to yield definitive results justifying Carr's argument, a few studies have provided glimpses into the changing cognitive habits of Internet users. A UCLA study led some to wonder whether a breadth of brain activity—which was shown to occur while users performed Internet searches in the study's functional MRI scans—actually facilitated reading and cognition or possibly overburdened the mind; and what quality of thought could be determined by the additional presence of brain activity in regions known to control decision-making and complex reasoning skills.
Background.
Prior to the publication of Carr's "Atlantic" essay, critics had long been concerned about the potential for electronic media to supplant literary reading. In 1994, American academic Sven Birkerts published a book titled "The Gutenberg Elegies: The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age", consisting of a collection of essays that declaimed against the declining influence of literary culture — the tastes in literature that are favored by a social group — with a central premise among the essays asserting that alternative delivery formats for the book are inferior to the paper incarnation. Birkerts was spurred to write the book after his experience with a class he taught in the fall of 1992, where the students had little appreciation for the literature he had assigned them, stemming from, in his opinion, their inaptitude for the variety of skills involved in deep reading. In "Perseus Unbound", an essay from the book, Birkerts presented several reservations toward the application of interactive technologies to educational instruction, cautioning that the "long-term cognitive effects of these new processes of data absorption" were unknown and that they could yield "an expansion of the short-term memory banks and a correlative atrophying of long-term memory".
In 2007, developmental psychologist Maryanne Wolf took up the cause of defending reading and print culture in her book "Proust and the Squid: The Story and Science of the Reading Brain", approaching the subject matter from a scientific angle in contrast to Birkerts' cultural-historical angle. A few reviewers were critical of Wolf for only touching upon the Internet's potential impact on reading in her book; however, in essays published concurrent with the book's release she elaborated upon her worries. In an essay in "The Boston Globe", Wolf expressed her grave concern that the development of knowledge in children who are heavy users of the Internet could produce mere "decoders of information who have neither the time nor the motivation to think beneath or beyond their googled universes", and cautioned that the web's "immediacy and volume of information should not be confused with true knowledge". In an essay published by Powell's Books, Wolf contended that some of the reading brain's strengths could be lost in future generations "if children are not taught first to read, and to think deeply about their reading, and only then to e-read". Preferring to maintain an academic perspective, Wolf firmly asserted that her speculations have not yet been scientifically verified but deserved serious study.
In Carr's 2008 book ', the material in the final chapter, "iGod", provided a basis for his later "Atlantic" magazine article titled "Is Google Making Us Stupid?" The inspiration to write "Is Google Making Us Stupid?" came from the difficulties Carr found he had in remaining engaged with not only books he had to read but even books that he found very interesting. This is sometimes called deep reading, a term coined by academic Sven Birkerts in his book "The Gutenberg Elegies" and later defined by developmental psychologist Maryanne Wolf with an added cognitive connotation.
Synopsis.
At the start of the essay, Carr says that his recent difficulties with concentrating while reading books and long articles may be due to spending a lot of time on the Internet. He posits that regular Internet usage may have the effect of diminishing the capacity for concentration and contemplation. He prefaces his argument with a couple of anecdotes from bloggers on their changing reading habits, as well as the findings of a 2008 University College London study titled "Information Behaviour of the Researcher of the Future" which suggests the emergence of new types of reading. He cites Maryanne Wolf, an expert on reading, for her expertise on the role of media and technology in learning written languages. Carr raises the point that unlike speech, which is an innate ability hardwired into the human brain, the ability to read has to be taught in order for the brain to rearrange its original parts for the task of interpreting symbols into words. He acknowledges that his argument does not yet have the backing of long-term neurological and psychological studies. Carr further draws on Wolf's work, particularly her 2007 book "Proust and the Squid", to relate his argument to the way in which neural circuits in the reading brain are specifically shaped by the demands particular to each written language, such as Chinese, Japanese, and alphabet-based scripts. Therefore, Carr purports that the neural circuitry shaped by regular Internet usage can also be expected to be different from that shaped by the reading of books and other page-based written material.
Carr begins his argument by reasoning how the capacity to concentrate may be weakened by regular Internet usage. He mentions an historical example involving Friedrich Nietzsche's usage of a typewriter, a fairly new technology in the 1880s. According to German scholar Friedrich A. Kittler, Nietzsche's prose style changed when he started using a typewriter, which he had adopted because of his developing difficulty with writing by hand due to failing eyesight. Carr proceeds to explain that scientific research in the field of neuroplasticity as of 2008 has demonstrated that the brain's neural circuitry can in fact be rewired. In the humanities, sociologist Daniel Bell coined the term "intellectual technologies" to describe those technologies that extend the brain's cognitive faculties, and Carr states that he believes that the human brain adopts the qualities of these intellectual technologies. In discussing the mechanical clock, Carr deliberates upon the benefits and losses that are characteristic of new technologies. Then, Carr ventures that the cognitive impact of the Internet may be far more encompassing than any other previous intellectual technology because the Internet is gradually performing the services of most intellectual technologies, thus replacing them. Carr finally contends that the prevalent style of presentation for much of the Internet's content may significantly hinder the capacity to concentrate due to the many distractions that often surround the Internet's content, in the form of ads and obtrusive notifications. Additionally, he claims that these detrimental effects on concentration are compounded by traditional media because they are gradually adopting a style of presentation for their content that mimics the Internet, in order to remain competitive as consumer expectations change.
Carr also theorizes that the capacity to contemplate may diminish as computer algorithms unburden an Internet user's brain of much of the painstaking knowledge work — the manipulation of abstract information and knowledge — that was previously done manually. In comparing the Internet with Frederick Winslow Taylor's management system for industrial efficiency, Carr makes the point that back then some workers complained that they felt they were becoming mere automatons due to the systemic application of Taylorism — a theory of management that analyzes and synthesizes workflow processes, improving labor productivity. Carr selects Google as a prime example of a company in which computer engineers and software designers have applied Taylorism to the knowledge industry, delivering increasingly robust information that may have the effect of minimizing opportunities to ponder ambiguities. Additionally, he argues that the Internet's dominant business model is one that thrives as companies either collect information on users or deliver them advertisements, therefore companies capitalize on users who move from link to link rather than those who engage in sustained thought.
Finally, Carr places his skepticism in a historical context, reflecting upon how previous detractors of technological advances have fared. While often correct, Carr points out that skepticisms such as Socrates' concerns about written language and the 15th-century Venetian editor Hieronimo Squarciafico's concerns about printed works failed to anticipate the benefits that these technologies might hold for human knowledge. As an afterthought, a 2005 essay by playwright Richard Foreman is excerpted for its lament of the waning of the "highly educated and articulate personality".
Reception.
Carr's essay was widely discussed in the media both critically and in passing. While English technology writer Bill Thompson observed that Carr's argument had "succeeded in provoking a wide-ranging debate", Damon Darlin of "The New York Times" quipped that even though "has been talking about [the article in "The Atlantic" magazine", only "ome subset of that group has actually read the 4,175-word article, by Nicholas Carr." The controversial online responses to Carr's essay were, according to "Chicago Tribune" critic Steve Johnson, partly the outcome of the essay's title "Is Google Making Us Stupid?", a question that the article proper doesn't actually pose and that he believed was "perfect fodder for a 'don't-be-ridiculous' blog post"; Johnson challenged his readers to carefully consider their online responses in the interest of raising the quality of debate.
Many critics discussed the merits of Carr's essay at great length in forums set up formally for this purpose at online hubs such as the Britannica Blog and publisher John Brockman's online scientific magazine "Edge", where the roster of names quickly took on the semblance of a Who's Who of the day's Internet critics. Calling it "the great digital literacy debate", British-American entrepreneur and author Andrew Keen judged the victor to be the American reader, who was blessed with a wide range of compelling writing from "all of America's most articulate Internet luminaries".
Book critic Scott Esposito pointed out that Chinese characters are incorrectly described as ideograms in Carr's essay, an error that he believed undermined the essay's argument. The myth that Chinese script is ideographic had been effectively debunked in scholar John DeFrancis' 1984 book ""; DeFrancis classifies Chinese as a logosyllabic writing system. Carr acknowledged that there was a debate over the terminology of 'ideogram', but in a response to Esposito he explained that he had "decided to use the common term" and quoted "The Oxford American Dictionary" to demonstrate that they likewise define Chinese characters as instances of ideograms.
Writer and activist Seth Finkelstein noted that predictably several critics would label Carr's argument as a Luddite one, and he was not to be disappointed when one critic later maintained that Carr's "contrarian stance slowly forcing him into a caricature of Luddism". Then, journalist David Wolman, in a "Wired" magazine piece, described as "moronic" the assumption that the web "hurts us more than it helps", a statement that was preceded by an overview of the many technologies that had been historically denounced; Wolman concluded that the solution was "better schools as well as a renewed commitment to reason and scientific rigor so that people can distinguish knowledge from garbage".
Several prominent scientists working in the field of neuroscience supported Carr's argument as scientifically plausible. James Olds, a professor of computational neuroscience, who directs the Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study at George Mason University, was quoted in Carr's essay for his expertise, and upon the essay's publication Olds wrote a letter to the editor of "The Atlantic" in which he reiterated that the brain was "very plastic" — referring to the changes that occur in the organization of the brain as a result of experience. It was Olds' opinion that given the brain's plasticity it was "not such a long stretch to Carr's meme". One of the pioneers in neuroplasticity research, Michael Merzenich, later added his own comment to the discussion, stating that he had given a talk at Google in 2008 in which he had asked the audience the same question that Carr asked in his essay. Merzenich believed that there was "absolutely no question that our brains are engaged less directly and more shallowly in the synthesis of information, when we use research strategies that are all about 'efficiency', 'secondary (and out-of-context) referencing', and 'once over, lightly'". Another neuroscientist, Gary Small, director of UCLA's Memory & Aging Research Center, wrote a letter to the editor of "The Atlantic" in which he stated that he believed that "brains are developing circuitry for online social networking and are adapting to a new multitasking technology culture".
Testimonials and refutations.
In the media, there were many testimonials and refutations given by journalists for the first part of Carr's argument regarding the capacity for concentration; treatments of the second part of Carr's argument regarding the capacity for contemplation, were, however, far rarer. Although columnist Andrew Sullivan noted that he had little leisure time at his disposal for contemplation compared with when he grew up, the anecdotes provided by journalists that indicated a deficiency in the capacity to contemplate were described only in the context of third parties, such as columnist Margaret Wente's anecdote about how one consultant had found a growing tendency in her clients to provide ill-considered descriptions for their technical problems.
Columnist Leonard Pitts of "The Miami Herald" described his difficulty sitting down to read a book, in which he felt like he "was getting away with something, like when you slip out of the office to catch a matinee". Technology evangelist Jon Udell admitted that, in his "retreats" from the Internet, he sometimes struggled to settle into "books, particularly fiction, and particularly in printed form". He found portable long-form audio to be "transformative", however, because he can easily achieve "sustained attention", which makes him optimistic about the potential to "reactivate ancient traditions, like oral storytelling, and rediscover their powerful neural effects".
Firmly contesting Carr's argument, journalist John Battelle praised the virtues of the web: "I am deep in search for knowledge on the web, jumping from link to link, reading deeply in one moment, skimming hundreds of links the next, when I am pulling back to formulate and reformulate queries and devouring new connections as quickly as Google and the Web can serve them up, when I am performing bricolage in real time over the course of hours, I am 'feeling' my brain light up, I and 'feeling' like I'm getting smarter". Web journalist Scott Rosenberg reported that his reading habits are the same as they were when he "was a teenager plowing [his way through a shelf of Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky". In book critic Scott Esposito's view, "responsible adults" have always had to deal with distractions, and, in his own case, he claimed to remain "fully able to turn down the noise" and read deeply.
Analysis.
In critiquing the rise of Internet-based computing, the philosophical question of whether or not a society can control technological progress was raised. At the online scientific magazine "Edge", Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger argued that individual will was all that was necessary to maintain the cognitive capacity to read a book all the way through, and computer scientist and writer Jaron Lanier rebuked the idea that technological progress is an "autonomous process that will proceed in its chosen direction independently of us". Lanier echoed a view stated by American historian Lewis Mumford in his 1970 book "The Pentagon of Power", in which Mumford suggested that the technological advances that shape a society could be controlled if the full might of a society's free will were employed. Lanier believed that technology was significantly hindered by the idea that "there is only one axis of choice" which is either pro- or anti- when it comes to technology adoption. Yet Carr had stated in "The Big Switch" that he believed an individual's personal choice toward a technology had little effect on technological progress. According to Carr, the view expressed by Mumford about technological progress was incorrect because it regarded technology solely as advances in science and engineering rather than as an influence on the costs of production and consumption. Economics were a more significant consideration in Carr's opinion because in a competitive marketplace the most efficient methods of providing an important resource will prevail. As technological advances shape society. an individual might be able to resist the effects but his lifestyle will "always be lonely and in the end futile"; despite a few holdouts, technology will nevertheless shape economics which, in turn, will shape society.
A focus on literary reading.
The selection of one particular quote in Carr's essay from pathologist Bruce Friedman, a member of the faculty of the University of Michigan Medical School, who commented on a developing difficulty reading books and long essays and specifically the novel "War and Peace", was criticized for having a bias toward narrative literature. The quote failed to represent other types of literature, such as technical and scientific literature, which had, in contrast, become much more accessible and widely read with the advent of the Internet. At the Britannica Blog, writer Clay Shirky pugnaciously observed that "War and Peace" was "too long, and not so interesting", further stating that "it would be hard to argue that the last ten years have seen a decrease in either the availability or comprehension of material on scientific or technical subjects". Shirky's comments on "War and Peace" were derided by several of his peers as verging on philistinism. In Shirky's defense, inventor W. Daniel Hillis asserted that, although books "were created to serve a purpose", that "same purpose can often be served by better means". While Hillis considered the book to be "a fine and admirable device", he imagined that clay tablets and scrolls of papyrus, in their time, "had charms of their own". "Wired" magazine editor Kevin Kelly believed that the idea that "the book is the apex of human culture" should be resisted. And Birkerts differentiated online reading from literary reading, stating that in the latter the reader is directed within themselves and enters "an environment that is nothing at all like the open-ended information zone that is cyberspace" in which he feels psychologically fragmented.
Coping with abundance.
Several critics theorized about the effects of the shift from scarcity to abundance of written material in the media as a result of the technologies introduced by the Internet. This shift was examined for its potential to lead individuals to a superficial comprehension of many subjects rather than a deep comprehension of just a few subjects. According to Shirky, an individual's ability to concentrate had been facilitated by the "relatively empty environment" which had ceased to exist when the wide availability of the web proliferated new media. Although Shirky acknowledged that the unprecedented quantity of written material available on the web might occasion a sacrifice of the cultural importance of many works, he believed that the solution was "to help make the sacrifice worth it". In direct contrast, Sven Birkerts argued that "some deep comprehension of our inheritance essential", and called for "some consensus vision among those shapers of what our society and culture might be shaped toward", warning against allowing the commercial marketplace to dictate the future standing of traditionally important cultural works. While Carr found solace in Shirky's conceit that "new forms of expression" might emerge to suit the Internet, he considered this conceit to be one of faith rather than reason. In a later response, Shirky continued to expound upon his theme that "technologies that make writing abundant always require new social structures to accompany them", explaining that Gutenberg's printing press led to an abundance of cheap books which were met by "a host of inventions large and small", such as the separation of fiction from non-fiction, the recognition of talents, the listing of concepts by indexes, and the practice of noting editions.
Impact of the web on memory retention.
As a result of the vast stores of information made accessible on the web, one hundred critics pointed to a decrease in the desire to recall certain types of information, indicating, they believed, a change in the process of recalling information, as well as the types of information that are recalled. According to Ben Worthen, a "Wall Street Journal" business technology blogger, the growing importance placed on the ability to access information instead of the capacity to recall information straight from memory would, in the long term, change the type of job skills that companies who are hiring new employees would find valuable. Due to an increased reliance on the Internet, Worthen speculated that before long "the guy who remembers every fact about a topic may not be as valuable as the guy who knows how to find all of these facts and many others". Evan Ratliff of Salon.com wondered if the usage of gadgets to recall phone numbers, as well as geographical and historical information, had the effect of releasing certain cognitive resources that in turn strengthened other aspects of cognition. Drawing parallels with transactive memory — a process whereby people remember things in relationships and groups — Ratliff mused that perhaps the web was "like a spouse who is around all the time, with a particular knack for factual memory of all varieties". Far from conclusive, these ruminations left the web's impact on memory retention an open question.
Themes and motifs.
Effect of technology on the brain's neural circuitry.
In the essay, Carr introduces the discussion of the scientific support for the idea that the brain's neural circuitry can be rewired with an example in which philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche is said to have been influenced by technology. According to German scholar Friedrich A. Kittler in his book "Gramophone, Film, Typewriter", Nietzsche's writing style became more aphoristic after he started using a typewriter. Nietzsche began using a Malling-Hansen Writing Ball because of his failing eyesight which had disabled his ability to write by hand. The idea that Nietzsche's writing style had changed for better or worse when he adopted the typewriter was disputed by several critics. Kevin Kelly and Scott Esposito each offered alternate explanations for the apparent changes. Esposito believed that "the brain is so huge and amazing and enormously complex that it's far, far off base to think that a few years of Internet media or the acquisition of a typewriter can fundamentally rewire it." In a response to Esposito's point, neuroscientist James Olds stated that recent brain research demonstrated that it was "pretty clear that the adult brain can re-wire on the fly". In "The New York Times" it was reported that several scientists believed that it was certainly plausible that the brain's neural circuitry may be shaped differently by regular Internet usage compared with the reading of printed works.
Although there was a consensus in the scientific community about how it was possible for the brain's neural circuitry to change through experience, the potential effect of web technologies on the brain's neural circuitry was unknown. On the topic of the Internet's effect on reading skills, Guinevere F. Eden, director of the Center for the Study of Learning at Georgetown University, remarked that the question was whether or not the Internet changed the brain in a way that was beneficial to an individual. Carr believed that the effect of the Internet on cognition was detrimental, weakening the ability to concentrate and contemplate. Olds cited the potential benefits of computer software that specifically targets learning disabilities, stating that among some neuroscientists there was a belief that neuroplasticity-based software was beneficial in improving receptive language disorders. Olds mentioned neuroscientist Michael Merzenich, who had formed several companies with his peers in which neuroplasticity-based computer programs had been developed to improve the cognitive functioning of kids, adults and the elderly. In 1996, Merzenich and his peers had started a company called Scientific Learning in which neuroplastic research had been used to develop a computer training program called "Fast ForWord" that offered seven brain exercises that improved language impairments and learning disabilities in children. Feedback on "Fast ForWord" showed that these brain exercises even had benefits for autistic children, an unexpected spillover effect that Merzenich has attempted to harness by developing a modification of "Fast ForWord" specifically designed for autism. At a subsequent company that Merzenich started called Posit Science, "Fast ForWord"-like brain exercises and other techniques were developed with the aim of sharpening the brains of elderly people by retaining the plasticity of their brains.
HAL in "2001: A Space Odyssey".
In Stanley Kubrick's 1968 science fiction film "", astronaut David Bowman slowly disassembles the mind of an artificial intelligence named HAL by sequentially unplugging its memory banks. Carr likened the emotions of despair expressed by HAL as its mind is disassembled to his own, at the time, cognitive difficulties in engaging with long texts. He felt as if someone was "tinkering with brain, remapping the neural circuitry, reprogramming the memory". HAL had also been used as a metaphor for the "ultimate search engine" in a PBS interview with Google co-founder Sergey Brin as noted in Carr's book "The Big Switch", and also Brin's TED talk. Brin was comparing Google's ambitions of building an artificial intelligence to HAL, while dismissing the possibility that a bug like the one that led HAL to murder the occupants of the fictional spacecraft "Discovery One" could occur in a Google-based artificial intelligence. Carr observed in his essay that throughout history technological advances have often necessitated new metaphors, such as the mechanical clock engendering the simile "like clockwork" and the age of the computer engendering the simile "like computers". Carr concluded his essay with an explanation as to why he believed HAL was an appropriate metaphor for his essay's argument. He observed that HAL showed genuine emotion as his mind was disassembled while, throughout the film, the humans onboard the space station appeared to be automatons, thinking and acting as if they were following the steps of an algorithm. Carr believed that the film's prophetic message was that as individuals increasingly rely on computers for an understanding of their world their intelligence may become more machinelike than human.
Developing view of how Internet use affects cognition.
After the publication of Carr's essay, a developing view unfolded in the media as sociological and neurological studies surfaced that were relevant to determining the cognitive impact of regular Internet usage. Challenges to Carr's argument were made frequently. As the two most outspoken detractors of electronic media, Carr and Birkerts were both appealed to by Kevin Kelly to each formulate a more precise definition of the faults they perceived regarding electronic media so that their beliefs could be scientifically verified. While Carr firmly believed that his skepticism about the Internet's benefits to cognition was warranted, he cautioned in both his essay and his book "The Big Switch" that long-term psychological and neurological studies were required to definitively ascertain how cognition develops under the influence of the Internet.
Scholars at University College London conducted a study titled "Information Behaviour of the Researcher of the Future", the results of which suggested that students' research habits tended towards skimming and scanning rather than in-depth reading. The study provoked serious reflection among educators about the implications for educational instruction.
In October 2008, new insights into the effect of Internet usage on cognition were gleaned from the results, reported in a press release, of a study conducted by UCLA's Memory and Aging Research Center that had tested two groups of people between the ages of 55 and 76 years old; only one group of which were experienced web users. While they had read books or performed assigned search tasks their brain activity had been monitored with functional MRI scans, which revealed that both reading and web search utilize the same language, reading, memory, and visual regions of the brain; however, it was discovered that those searching the web stimulated additional decision-making and complex reasoning regions of the brain, with a two-fold increase in these regions in experienced web users compared with inexperienced web users. Gary Small, the director of the UCLA center and lead investigator of the UCLA study, concurrently released the book "iBrain: Surviving the Technological Alteration of the Modern Mind", co-authored with Gigi Vorgan, with the press release.
While one set of critics and bloggers used the UCLA study to dismiss the argument raised in Carr's essay, another set took a closer look at the conclusions that could be drawn from the study concerning the effects of Internet usage. Among the reflections concerning the possible interpretations of the UCLA study were whether greater breadth of brain activity while using the Internet in comparison with reading a book improved or impaired the quality of a reading session; and whether the decision-making and complex reasoning skills that are apparently involved in Internet search, according to the study, suggest a high quality of thought or simply the use of puzzle solving skills. Thomas Claburn, in "InformationWeek", observed that the study's findings regarding the cognitive impact of regular Internet usage were inconclusive and stated that "it will take time before it's clear whether we should mourn the old ways, celebrate the new, or learn to stop worrying and love the Net".

</doc>
<doc id="19635652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635652" title="Llorca">
Llorca

Llorca is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19635656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635656" title="Play On Words (game)">
Play On Words (game)

Play on Words is a dice word game, where players try to make words from a series of letters on dice. The tricks to the game are that players only have a minute, must use a particular start letter for their first word, and must write down the words in intersecting lines. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008.
Gameplay.
The game plays very quickly and is often played over multiple rounds when playing with two or more people. Players choose a start player and that player shakes the device, randomizing the letters. The start player then decides whether the pink die or the green die will be the start letter for that round. Whichever they don't pick will be the bonus die for the round. The start letter must be used to start the first letter of the first word each player writes once the game begins. Once the start player has chosen which die will be the start letter, they press the timer button on the side of the device and all players begin to find and write down words. Player do not make simple lists, however. When writing the words, they must work off of a word they've already written, crossword-style. Players cannot use any letter die twice in a word. The special die face "Wild" may be used as any letter and may change word to word, but can only be used once in a word. Similarly, the "Vowel" face on a die can be used an A, E, I, O, or U once in a word. Players write as many intersecting words as possible. Once the timer runs out, the players tally their score.
Scoring.
Valid words can not be proper nouns, foreign words, or words with punctuation. Players score points based on word length, using the bonus letter in a word, writing down 8 or more words, and for creating a closed box of words (a series of intersecting words that create an enclosed space). Player score zero points for a word (and all words connecting to it) using a letter not rolled.
Game End.
The game ends after players have played the number of round agreed upon before starting (typically 5, or 1 for each player). The person with the most points wins.

</doc>
<doc id="19635660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635660" title="Lichine">
Lichine

Lichine, a surname, may refer to:
People:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="19635675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635675" title="Political Martyrs' Monument">
Political Martyrs' Monument

The Political Martyrs Monument is a Category A listed memorial in the Old Calton Cemetery on Calton Hill, Edinburgh commemorating five political reformists from the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It is a tall ashlar obelisk on a square-plan base plinth.
Inscription.
The monument is in the form of a 90 ft obelisk of grey-black sandstone blocks inscribed on one side with—
On another are two inscriptions from men commemorated on the monument—
"I have devoted myself to the cause of The People. It is a good cause—it shall ultimately prevail—it shall finally triumph.
Speech of Thomas Muir in the Court of Judiciary on the 30th August 1793.
I know that what has been done these two days will be Re-Judged.
Speech of William Skirving in the Court of Judiciary on the 7th January, 1794."
History of the monument.
In 1837 the Radical politician Joseph Hume MP initiated a plan to erect a monument to the five men. Hume chaired a London-based committee to raise public subscriptions in support of the monument and settled on its location being in Edinburgh. In that year a William Tait of Edinburgh wrote on their behalf to the Lord Provost of Edinburgh requesting that land be made available on Calton Hill for this end.
The foundation stone was laid by Hume on 21 August 1844, with 3,000 people gathered for the occasion. The Old Calton Burial Ground, and other parts of Calton Hill, are home to a number of other monuments and memorials. The monument was designed by Thomas Hamilton, who is also responsible for a number of other structures on Calton Hill including the former Royal High School building and the memorial to Robert Burns. 
On February 1852 Hume initiated the construction of a second Monument at Nunhead Cemetery in London. This monument stands at 33 feet high.
Commemoration.
The five men commemorated—two from Scotland and three from England—were imprisoned for campaigning for parliamentary reform under the influence of the ideals of the French Revolution. The five were accused of sedition in a series of trials and transported to Australia in 1794 and 1795, with varying sentences. In 1796 Gerrald died from tuberculosis and Skirving from dysentery. In the same year Muir, with the help of a French sailor, had escaped on an American ship, but had some disastrous experiences before finally making his way to revolutionary France. He took part in revolutionary intrigue but died in 1799 of illness and injuries received in his travels to France. 
Fyshe Palmer and Margarot survived their sentences of 14 years but Fyshe Palmer died of fever while attempting a trading voyage back to England. Only Margarot returned to Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="19635706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635706" title="Lattice graph">
Lattice graph

A lattice graph, mesh graph, or grid graph, is a graph whose drawing, embedded in some Euclidean space R"n", forms a regular tiling. This implies that the group of bijective transformations that send the graph to itself is a lattice in the group-theoretical sense.
Typically, no clear distinction is made between such a graph in the more abstract sense of graph theory, and its drawing in space (often the plane or 3D space). This type of graph may more shortly be called just a lattice, mesh, or grid. Moreover, these terms are also commonly used for a finite section of the infinite graph, as in "an 8×8 square grid".
The term lattice graph has also been given in the literature to various other kinds of graphs with some regular structure, such as the Cartesian product of a number of complete graphs.
Square grid graph.
A common type of a lattice graph (known under different names, such as square grid graph) is the graph whose vertices correspond to the points in the plane with integer coordinates, x-coordinates being in the range 1..., n, y-coordinates being in the range 1..., m, and two vertices are connected by an edge whenever the corresponding points are at distance 1. In other words, it is a unit distance graph for the described point set.
Properties.
A square grid graph is a Cartesian product of graphs, namely, of two path graphs with "n - 1" and "m - 1" edges. Since a path graph is a median graph, the latter fact implies that the square grid graph is also a median graph. All grid graphs are bipartite.
A path graph may also be considered to be a grid graph on the grid "n" times 1. A 2x2 grid graph is a 4-cycle.
Other kinds.
A triangular grid graph is a graph that corresponds to a triangular grid. 
A Hanan grid graph for a finite set of points in the plane is produced by the grid obtained by intersections of all vertical and horizontal lines through each point of the set.
The rook's graph (the graph that represents all legal moves of the rook chess piece on a chessboard) is also sometimes called the lattice graph.

</doc>
<doc id="19635722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635722" title="Palaestinus">
Palaestinus

Palaestinus (Ancient Greek: ) was in Greek mythology a son of Poseidon and father of Haliacmon. From grief at the death of his son, Palaestinus threw himself into the river, which was called after him Palaestinus, and subsequently Strymon.

</doc>
<doc id="19635724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635724" title="Like the Rain">
Like the Rain

"Like the Rain" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Clint Black. It was recorded as one of several new tracks for his 1996 "Greatest Hits" package. Released in September 1996, the song became his 23rd chart single, and in October of that year, it became his tenth Number One hit on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It held that position for three weeks. At the 1997 Grammy Awards, "Like the Rain" was nominated for the Best Male Country Vocal performance. The song was written by Black and Hayden Nicholas.
Content.
"Like the Rain" is a country ballad, backed mainly by acoustic guitar and piano, with heavy snare drum accents. The narrator tells of how he "never liked the rain" until he walked through it with his lover. In the chorus, he adds that he "can't believe never liked the rain", and then elaborates that he is "falling for [her now, just like the rain". The album version features the sounds of rain and thunder at the beginning and end. These sound effects were removed from the radio edit.
Black also re-recorded the song, at a slightly slower tempo, for his 2007 compilation "The Love Songs".
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably by saying that the song is a "moody offering with a driving melody and strong lyric." She goes on to say that Black "turns in his reliably potent vocal performance."
Chart positions.
"Like the Rain" debuted at number 42 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of September 7, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19635749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635749" title="One to One (Syreeta album)">
One to One (Syreeta album)

One To One is the third studio album released by Motown recording artist Syreeta Wright in 1977. It was the first album Wright released where former husband Stevie Wonder did not oversee most of its production, instead only being involved with the song 'Harmour Love'.
Background.
By the time of its release, Wright was a noted yet overlooked artist on the Motown label. Initially established as a session backing vocalist for such Motown stars such as Diana Ross and the Supremes and Martha Reeves and the Vandellas, she also had gained recognition in the music industry for co-writing several of the label's hit singles including The Spinners' "It's a Shame" and her first husband Stevie Wonder's hits, "Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)" and "If You Really Love Me", and also writing the lyrics to most of Wonder's compositions for his albums, "Where I'm Coming From", "Music of My Mind", and "Talking Book". Wright's first two albums of her own merit, "Syreeta" and "", were critically acclaimed releases but didn't gain any commercial success, though the latter album found success with several of its numbers becoming hits in the United Kingdom. In 1975, Wright and Wonder wrote and produced a reggae-flavored love song titled "Harmour Love". Because Wonder was busy working on his own ambitious project, "Songs in the Key of Life", Wright decided to work on most of the material of her third album without him. 
Rapper Currensy's hip-hop group, Jet Life, takes a sample of "I Too Am Waiting" in their song "1st Place", released as the first single from Jet Life's collaboration album "Jet World Order" (2011).
Recording.
Hiring Leon Ware, with whom she had worked with in the past, and her then-second husband bassist Curtis Robertson Jr, to help collaborate on her next album, Wright decided to take production duties herself for the first time in her career. Most of the material was recorded at Motown's recording studios in Los Angeles, California and was inspired by a 1975 trip to Ethiopia where Wright served three months as a "transcedental meditation" teacher. Upon her return, Wright began to wear braids and was emotionally inspired by her three-week stay. Wright and Robertson wrote most of the songs with Ware arranging the music and production. Wright also sung her own background vocals with the only other vocal assistances being longtime Motown background vocalist Jim Gilstrap and Ware himself. 
Ware, who was then known for his work with Quincy Jones and his composition, "I Wanna Be Where You Are", which became one of the first solo hits for Michael Jackson, had also been noted for his work with Marvin Gaye on his album, "I Want You", as well as songs with Minnie Riperton on her album, "Adventures in Paradise". Ware's productions were noted for its sensuality and he touched on some of the songs with Wright, including songs where the singer used her whistle register notes. The only song Wright didn't compose was the African-inspired "Tiki Tiki Donga", which was written by Robertson and Ware, with Wright reaching high notes in her vibrato. Other songs, such as the title track, "Rest Yourself", and "Don't Cry" were compositions solely by Wright and Robertson. Ware co-wrote music for the sexy ballad "I Too Am Waiting" and Ware and Wright co-wrote the funky "I Don't Know". The sole Wonder production, "Harmour Love", was included in the last minute. A planned photo shoot for the album cover was delayed due to Wright's work on her braids so to compensate, Motown hired a graphic artist to paint an image of the braided singer with her braids flying around her face. Wright was reassigned before the album's release to Tamla Records, which overlook many of her former husband's music.
Reception.
The album was released on February 9, 1977. Like Wright's previous two albums, the album didn't produce any commercial hits for her in the United States though Wright did find some chart action with "Harmour Love", which reached number 75 on the R&B chart and also was released in the United Kingdom where fresh off the success of a similar song, "Your Kiss Is Sweet" (from "Stevie Wonder Presents: Syreeta"), the song reached number 32 there. Wright produced a video for the song which featured the singer performing the song in a recording studio. The album was critically well-received upon its release. Later that year, Wright focused on duet work with singer G.C. Cameron on the album, "Rich Love, Poor Love".
Track listing.
All songs by Syreeta Wright and Curtis Robertson Jr unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19635768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635768" title="Technoseum">
Technoseum

The Technoseum (former name State Museum of Technology and Work, German: "Landesmuseum für Technik und Arbeit") is a technology museum in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, with displays covering the industrialisation of the south-western regions of the country.
The museum building was designed by the Berlin architect, Ingeborg Kuhler. Its planning and construction period lasted from 1982 to 1990.
The permanent exhibition.
Visitors who walk through the building from top to bottom will experience a journey in time from the beginning of the industrial revolution in the state of Baden-Württemberg to the present day.
Stands portraying the technical, social and political changes since the 18th century include those on clocks, paper manufacture and weaving. There are displays of living and working premises as well as machinery from the fields of industry, transport and the office. These displays enable the visitor to gain a graphic understanding of the far-reaching changes in living and working conditions right up to the present. 
The "Elementa" workshop complements, in an interesting way, the themes and exhibits of technological, economic and social history shown to date. It is not limited to covering basic scientific principles, but also shows the technical inventions which resulted from various scientific experiments.
The collections may be viewed over the "BAM-Portal", Germany's common portal for libraries, archives and museums.

</doc>
<doc id="19635779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635779" title="2008 FIU Golden Panthers football team">
2008 FIU Golden Panthers football team

The 2008 FIU Golden Panthers football team represents Florida International University in their 4th season of NCAA Division I FBS football and their 7th season overall. The team is coached by Mario Cristobal and play their homes games at the on-campus FIU Stadium.
Regular season.
The 2008 season started off with a loss at 13th-ranked Kansas, 40–10. Following that, Iowa routed FIU, 42–0. FIU then faced its highest-ranked opponent in school history, 12th-ranked South Florida, for the inaugural game of the new FIU Stadium. Trailing 17-0 with 2:30 left in the game FIU attained a safety, and subsequently scored a touchdown. FIU lost, 17–9, but played acted as a spoiler for South Florida, with the latter falling three spots in the rankings. The game against Toledo became their first-ever out-of-conference FBS win. Against, Toledo, FIU forced four turnovers and recorded its first road win since 2005.
Game notes.
Kansas.
Overall: (0-1), Conference: (0-2) 
Iowa.
Overall: (0-2), Conference: (0-0)
South Florida.
Overall: (0-3), Conference: (0-0)
Toledo.
Overall: (1-3), Conference: (0-0)
North Texas.
Overall: (2-3), Conference: (1-0)
Middle Tennessee.
Overall: (3-3), Conference: (2-0)
Troy.
Overall: (3-4), Conference: (2-1)
Louisiana-Lafayette.
Overall: (3-5), Conference: (2-2)
Arkansas State.
Overall: (4-5), Conference: (3-2) 
Florida Atlantic.
Shula Bowl

</doc>
<doc id="19635784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635784" title="Mephistos Höllenrufe">
Mephistos Höllenrufe

Mephistos Höllenrufe ("Summons of Mephistopheles from Hell" or "Cries of Mephistopheles from Hell"), Op. 101, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II in 1851. It was first performed at the Vienna Volksgarten as part of a festival preceding Strauss' departure for a tour of Germany. The title of the composition is a quotation from the Bible: "And the devil [... was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever" (Revelations, 20:10). A reporter for the "Wiener Allgemeine Theaterzeitung" commented on Strauss' waltz that it "received such a favourable reception, on account of its effective and original melodies and brilliant instrumentation, that it had to be repeated three times". Especially colourful, and keeping with the work's ominous title, is the second waltz theme: its cheerful, ascending tune is suddenly interrupted, and then answered by a sinister chromatic descending passage. Some of the waltz themes of the work (specifically, the waltzes 1C, 2A, 3A, 3B, 4A, 4B, 5A, and 5B) are found in close proximity to one another in the earliest of Strauss' "sketchbooks", and were probably written in the first half of 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="19635805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635805" title="Simhendramadhyamam">
Simhendramadhyamam

Simhendramadhyamam or Simmendramadhyamam is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 57th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Sumadyuti in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. It is said to be borrowed into Hindustani music from Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 10th "chakra Disi". The mnemonic name is "Disi-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gi mi pa dha nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This musical scale uses the notes "chathusruthi rishabham, sadharana gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Keeravani", which is the 21st "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Simhendramadhyamam" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Vijaya Saraswati", a scale first used by Muthiah Bhagavatar is sung in concerts. See List of "janya" rāgams for all scales associated with "Simhendramadhyamam".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Simhendramadhyamam".
Here are a few common film compositions, set to "Simhendramadhyamam".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Simhendramadhyamam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Mayamalavagowla" and "Rasikapriya". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Mayamalavagowla".

</doc>
<doc id="19635816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635816" title="John Gibbs">
John Gibbs

John Gibbs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19635820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635820" title="Demopolis Public School">
Demopolis Public School

The Demopolis Public School is a historic public school building in the city of Demopolis, Alabama. It was designed by architect Frank Lockwood in the Beaux-Arts style and was completed in 1914. The new two-story brick building replaced an earlier two-story Queen Anne style wood-frame structure that was built in 1889 and burned in 1913. The contractors for the new building were J.T. Clancy and W.M. Neely. The building continued as a part of the Demopolis City School System until it closed its doors in June 1981. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 28, 1983. The building now houses a theater group, the Canebrake Players.

</doc>
<doc id="19635825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635825" title="Noelie McDonnell">
Noelie McDonnell

Noelie McDonnell is an Irish singer-songwriter from Tuam, Co. Galway. His debut release was an EP entitled "Downhome" in 2004. His debut self-titled album released in 2005, was considered a hit, and its opening song, "Stars" was picked as Ian Dempsey's Song of the Week on Today FM radio programme "The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show".
In June 2008, McDonnell released his second album, "Beyond Hard Places". "Nearly Four", a song written for McDonnell's nephew got to number 4 in the Irish Download Charts in Autumn, and number 15 in the Irish Singles Chart.
McDonnell has played alongside numerous artists including John Martyn, Roesy, The Saw Doctors, The Chalets, Luka Bloom, The Walls and Mundy.

</doc>
<doc id="19635845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635845" title="VPHOP">
VPHOP

VPHOP or the Osteoporotic Virtual Physiological Human is a European osteoporosis research project within the framework of the Virtual Physiological Human initiative.
Until August 2012, the VPHOP research project will develop, validate and deploy the next generation of technology to predict the absolute risk of fracture in patients with low bone mass, thereby enabling clinicians to provide better prognoses and implement more effective treatment strategies (both pharmacological and interventional).
Why?
Approximately four million osteoporotic bone fractures cost the European health system more than 30 billion Euro per year. This figure could double by 2050. After the first fracture, the chances of having another one increase by 86%. With current technology osteoporotic fractures can be predicted with an accuracy of 60-70% or less (tossing a coin would give 50%). Better ways to prevent osteoporotic fractures are needed.
What?
Current fracture predictions are based on historical, fracture-patient data sets to identify key factors which contribute to the increased probability of an osteoporotic fracture. This approach oversimplifies the mechanisms leading to an osteoporotic fracture and fail to take into account numerous, hierarchical factors which are unique to the individual. These factors span cell-level to body-level functions, i.e.:
Accuracy could be dramatically improved if a more deterministic approach was used which accounts for those factors and their variation between individuals.
How?
By creating a patient-specific hypermodel, a model composed by many sub-models, each describing the relevant phenomena taking place at one of the many dimensional scales involved, this incredibly complex problem may be solved.
The aim of VPHOP is to develop a multiscale modelling technology based on conventional diagnostic imaging methods that makes it possible, in a clinical setting, to predict for each patient the strength of his/her bones, how this strength is likely to change over time, and the probability that he/she will overload his/her bones during daily life. With these three predictions, the evaluation of the absolute risk of bone fracture will be much more accurate than any prediction based on external and indirect determinants, as is current clinical practice. These predictions will be used to: 
For patients at high risk of fracture, and for which the pharmacological treatment appears insufficient, the VPHOP system will also assist the interventional radiologist in planning the augmentation procedure.
The various modelling technologies developed during the project will be validated not only in vitro, on animal models, or against retrospective clinical outcomes, but will also be assessed in term of clinical impact and safety on small cohorts of patients enrolled at four different clinical institutions, providing the factual basis for effective clinical and industrial exploitation.
So what?
VPHOP will realize "P2 medicine" for osteoporosis patients: 

</doc>
<doc id="19635848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635848" title="SGEF">
SGEF

SGEF (Src homology 3 domain-containing Guanine nucleotide Exchange Factor) is a 97 kDa protein involved in intracellular signalling networks. It functions as a guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) for RhoG, a small G protein of the Rho family.
Discovery.
SGEF was discovered during a screen for androgen-responsive genes in human prostate cancer cells. Subsequent northern blot analysis revealed expression of SGEF in tissues of the heart, brain, placenta, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, prostate, testis, small intestine and colon. SGEF is also expressed in endothelial cells of the vasculature. Several widely used cell lines express this protein, these include A431, HeLa, HUT78, HEK-293, Jurkat, THP, PC12, RAJI, U937 and Meg-01.
Structure and Function.
SGEF is part of a large class of proteins (GEFs) that function to activate small G proteins. In their resting state G proteins are bound to guanosine diphosphate (GDP) and their activation requires the dissociation of GDP and binding of guanosine triphosphate (GTP). GEFs activate G proteins by promoting nucleotide exchange.
SGEF has the canonical GEF structure of tandem DH and PH domains, which elicit nucleotide exchange and, in addition, contains an N-terminal proline-rich motif and a C-terminal SH3 domain. Proline regions and SH3 domains often mediate recruitment and binding to adaptor proteins suggesting that SGEF is probably involved in the formation of heteromultimeric protein complexes.
Regulation of SGEF activity.
Data from several studies suggest that SGEF is regulated by its recruitment to transmembrane receptor-linked adaptor proteins via its SH3 domain. In one study, mutation of the SH3 domain disrupted SGEF-dependent functions in NIH-3T3 fibroblasts. In endothelial cells SGEF was recruited to the intracellular domain of the transmembrane adhesion molecule ICAM-1 upon leukocyte adhesion to the endothelium. 

</doc>
<doc id="19635855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635855" title="Rich Love, Poor Love">
Rich Love, Poor Love

Rich Love, Poor Love is a collaboration album between "Syreeta" and "G.C. Cameron".

</doc>
<doc id="19635866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635866" title="In the Bar of a Tokyo Hotel">
In the Bar of a Tokyo Hotel

In the Bar of a Tokyo Hotel is a 1969 play by Tennessee Williams.
Synopsis.
Mark is an alcoholic painter on the verge of a nervous breakdown who is trying to boost his sagging career by developing a new style in his Tokyo hotel room. Instead, he has convinced himself he is the first artist to discover color, and it appears he has drifted into psychosis as he spreads canvases on the floor, sprays paint at them with a spray gun, and rolls around on them in the nude.
Meanwhile, his promiscuous wife Miriam, a typical Ugly American, is loudly and crudely trying to seduce the bartender in the hotel lounge. Anxious to be free of her husband without losing his financial support, she has contacted his Manhattan art dealer and close friend Leonard and asked him to join them in Japan. When he arrives, she tries to persuade him to take her husband back to New York, but Mark dies. Feeling lost and without direction, she laments, "I have no plans. I have nowhere to go" as the curtain falls.
Production.
Directed by Herbet Machiz, the play opened at the off-Broadway Eastside Playhouse on the Upper East Side of Manhattan on May 11, 1969 and ran for 25 performances. The cast included Donald Madden as Mark, Anne Meacham as Miriam, and Lester Rawlins as Leonard.
In 1983 at the New End Theatre London the only performance in Britain of this knotty Williams `s play by Internationalist Theatre,with Nic d`Avirro, Zeh Prado and Angelique Rockas in the cast. Directed by Alkis Kritikos and designed by Stewart Laing.
In February 2007, the White Horse Theater Company mounted a revival directed by Cyndy Marion at the Abingdon Theatre Arts Complex in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan.
In March 2012, 292 Theatre at 292 E. 3rd Street in New York City mounted a 15-day run of the play starring Charles Schick, Regina Bartkoff, Brandon Lim and Wayne Henry. http://www.backstage.com/review/ny-theater/off-off-broadway/ny-review-in-the-bar-of-a-tokyo-hotel/
Critical reception.
In the "New York Times", Clive Barnes said of the original 1969 production, "The play seems almost too personal, and as a result too painful, to be seen in the cold light of public scrutiny. Mr. Williams has, perhaps, never been overreluctant to show the world his wounds — but in his new play he seems to be doing nothing else . . . This is Mr. Williams's sad bird of loneliness — and, although the play repelled me it fascinated me with the author's occasional sudden resurgence of skill — there are plaintive notes of poetry recalling Williams at his very best . . . There are more flashes of genius here than in any of his later plays. Mixed with the feeble jokes . . . and all the hesitations of style the play is heir to, there is gold, gossamer and fire here, and there are bursting sharp exchanges of dialogue that recall "The Glass Menagerie" in their suddenly poignant pertinence . . . A strange play — but unlike Mr. Williams's previous play, it definitely makes me look forward to his next. But more pity and less self would be a distinct advantage."
Reviewing the 2007 production for "Variety", Mark Blankenship stated, "Flaws aside, the current revival by White Horse Theater proves the play is worth remembering . . . As in earlier experiments such as "Camino Real", Williams fractures language to enhance the unrealistic mood . . . This tactic points to the play's success in making palpable moments out of emotional concepts. Williams never quite integrates his metaphors with action . . . but his insights are still worth hearing."

</doc>
<doc id="19635871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635871" title="SBUV/2">
SBUV/2

The Solar Backscatter Ultraviolet Radiometer, or SBUV/2, is a series of operational remote sensors on NOAA weather satellites which monitor the density and distribution of ozone in the Earth’s atmosphere from six to 30 miles. SBUV/2 looks down at the Earth’s atmosphere and the reflected sunlight at wavelengths characteristic of ozone. The SBUV/2 wavelength "channels" range from 252 nanometer (nm) to 340 nm.
Ozone is measured as a ratio of sunlight incident on the atmosphere to the amount of sunlight scattered back into space. From this information, the total ozone between the instrument and the ground can be calculated. 
The SBUV/2 measures solar irradiance and Earth radiance (backscattered solar energy) in the near ultraviolet spectrum (160 to 400 nm). The SBUV is capable of determining the global ozone concentration in the stratosphere to an absolute accuracy of 1 percent; the vertical distribution of atmospheric ozone to an absolute accuracy of 5 percent; the long-term solar spectral irradiance from 160 to 400 nm Photochemical process and the influence of “trace” constituents on the ozone layer.
The Ball Aerospace-built SBUV/2 helped to discover the ozone hole over Antarctica in 1987, and continues to monitor this phenomenon. Atmospheric ozone absorbs the sun’s ultraviolet rays, which are believed to cause gene mutations, skin cancer, and cataracts in humans. Ultraviolet rays may also damage crops and aquatic ecosystems. The first SBUV/2 launch was in 1984, with the last instrument in this series being launched in 2009 aboard the NOAA-19 spacecraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19635886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635886" title="Roger de Wynkleigh">
Roger de Wynkleigh

Roger de Wynkleigh was Dean of Exeter between 1231 and 1252.

</doc>
<doc id="19635894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635894" title="Acharya Maharajshree Ayodhyaprasad Pande">
Acharya Maharajshree Ayodhyaprasad Pande

Sanatan Dharma Dhurandar Acharya Maharaj Shree 1008 Ayodyaprasadji Maharaj (25 May 1809 - 18 Feb 1868) was the first Acharya of the NarNarayan Dev Gadi of the Swaminarayan Sampraday. He was the son of Rampratapji, Swaminarayan's elder brother. He was the 1st successor of Swaminarayan in the North Diocese (NarNarayan Dev Gadi, Ahmedabad). He was enthroned as Acharya on 10 Nov 1826 and held the post till his death.
His 200th birth anniversary was celebrated as the "Dharmakul Vandana Mahotsav" in Ahmedabad from the 1 to 3 June 2009. The event was attended by an estimated 600,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19635896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635896" title="Georgian Bay Land Trust">
Georgian Bay Land Trust

The Georgian Bay Land Trust (GBLT) is a not-for-profit, registered charity, whose goal is to protect the uniqueness of the eastern shore and North Channel (Ontario) of Georgian Bay through the securement and on-going stewardship of land that has ecological, geological and historical importance.
Through this work, the GBLT works to educate and promote the importance of this area. The GBLT is one of 45 land trusts working in Ontario to protect important private land from development and loss of native habitats and flora and fauna. As one of the first land trusts in Ontario, GBLT has been a leader in many facets, helping to promote the land trust movement and support other land trusts in their interests and activities in other areas throughout the province.
Since forming in 1991, the GBLT has secured and currently stewards over that have come to the Trust via donations, purchases, conservation easements and a lease. Currently, both independently and in partnership with the Nature Conservancy of Canada, our land protection committee is actively involved in discovering new opportunities and assessing these opportunities with the goals and objectives of the Trust and the funds available to purchase, if necessary and steward these potential projects.

</doc>
<doc id="19635910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635910" title="Craignaw">
Craignaw

Craignaw is a small but very rocky hill in centre of the Galloway Hills of southern Scotland. Unlike many hills in the Southern Uplands, Craignaw has a complex and rocky summit area, with a long line of crags and rough ground on the east side. The hill is largely composed of granite. Near the north end of the hill is an interesting area of terrain known as the "Deil's Bowlin' Green" where various rounded granite boulders are scatterd at random over an area of nearly horizontal granite slabs. These are believed to be glacial erratics or result from a similar glacier process. On the west side of the hill, near grid reference NX458831, a few hundred meters from the summit is an F-111E Aardvark crash site. The site is marked by a small memorial to the two US Airforce pilots who were killed in the accident (Captains Spaulding and Hetzner). Although the crash happened on December 19, 1979 there are still small amounts of aircraft debris in the area.
Walking.
Craignaw is quite a remote hill and climbing it is a long and rough walk from the road-ends at either Craigencallie or Bruces Stane.
Climbing.
There is some good but short rock climbing on Craignaw at Snibe Hill, Memorial Crag and Scotland Slab. However in winter after a good freeze the broken ground on the east side of the hill has some of the best ice climbs in Southern Scotland with routes of up to 150 m in length. The most famous of these is the frozen waterfall of the Dow Spout.

</doc>
<doc id="19635918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635918" title="2002 BellSouth Open – Singles">
2002 BellSouth Open – Singles

Guillermo Coria was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Fernando González won in the final 6–3, 6–7(5–7), 7–6(7–4) against Nicolás Lapentti.

</doc>
<doc id="19635920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635920" title="200-208 Decatur Street">
200-208 Decatur Street

200, 202, 204, 206 and 208 Decatur Street are adjoining rowhouses in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland. The houses were built in the 1840s or early 1850s. The houses are of a type that, while common elsewhere in Maryland, were not extensively built in Cumberland., in which individual and semi-detached houses were more common. The houses exhibit plain but consistent detailing of a neoclassical nature.

</doc>
<doc id="19635977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635977" title="Pride &amp; Joy (comics)">
Pride &amp; Joy (comics)

"Pride & Joy" is a six-issue story arc from the comic book series "Runaways" (vol. 1), published in issues one through six in 2003 by Marvel Comics' imprint Tsunami, which was created to attract young readers. It was written by Brian K. Vaughan and illustrated by Adrian Alphona. While it was initially intended to be a six-part miniseries, the popularity of "Pride & Joy" and new ideas from writer Vaughan allowed "Runaways" to grow into a regular monthly Marvel title. "Pride & Joy" has subsequently won several comics awards, including the 2006 Harvey Award for Best Continuing or Limited Series.
Although the Tsunami imprint was unsuccessful, "Pride & Joy" (and the series "Runaways" that continued it) was one of the very few Tsunami series to do well in sales and to continue being published. The story arc has been critically acclaimed for its simple story set in the typically complex Marvel Universe. Vaughan is known for avoiding the clichés of the superhero genre, locating the group in Los Angeles rather than New York City, where most Marvel Comics superhero titles are set. In order to create an everyday setting and tone, Vaughan included various references to current popular culture, including television series, films, events and celebrities.
The story arc's primary purpose was to introduce the main characters, six children who discover their parents are evil after seeing them murder a girl in a sacrificial ceremony. It centers upon the children's relationships with their parents as the children learn that they themselves have inherited their parents' powers. Once The Pride realizes their offspring have disappeared, they begin to use their considerable influence to track down their sons and daughters. "Pride & Joy" sets up the main concept of the series, which involves children versus their parents.
Production.
"Pride & Joy" was launched in 2003 as a part of Marvel's Tsunami imprint, the goal of which was to attract new readers, particularly young readers and the manga audience. Marvel editorial staff agreed to it immediately, prompting Wizard Magazine to name the series as "one of the best original concept from Marvel in thirty years." The imprint was unsuccessful, and "Pride & Joy" (and the series "Runaways" that continued it) was one of the very few series from that imprint to continue being published and to do well in sales. Writer Brian K. Vaughan has claimed that he had only planned to create "Pride & Joy" to be set for six months (six issues), but because of the popularity of the series and new ideas from Vaughan, Marvel decided to continue issuing it on for a monthly basis. The character of Catherine Wilder was originally designed to look like singer-songwriter Sade.
Several of the characters went through subsequent changes as well. In Brian K. Vaughan's original pitch for the series, Karolina Dean was originally called Leslie, a name which would eventually be given to the character's mother. Her parents were originally real estate agents, as opposed to famous actors. Molly was one of the few "Runaways" to actually keep the name she had in Brian K. Vaughan's original proposal; she is named after Vaughan's younger sister, Molly Hayes Vaughan, and was supposed to be thirteen years old instead of eleven. However, in the original pitch for the series, Molly's parents were Hollywood actors; this would eventually become the cover story of Karolina's parents. Also, Molly's sibling-like relationship with Chase was originally supposed to be with Gert. Nico Minoru was called Rachel Messina. Her parents were still magicians, but posed as wealthy antique dealers; this cover story was ultimately used for Gert's parents. Nico's source of power was not originally going to be her mother's Staff, but Robert Minoru's spellbook. Chase was originally called John, and Gert was called Gertie. Originally, Gert was meant to give Molly the name "Bruiser."
Story.
Plot.
In the first issue of "Pride & Joy," a group of youths unite to fight against their parents, who they then learn are known as "The Pride," a band of villains. At the end of the issue, the youths witness the murder of a girl at the hands of their parents. In the middle of the night, they run away from home and attempt to bring their parents to justice. In the process, the youths realize that they are all inheriting special abilities: Nico Minoru learns she is a witch; Karolina Dean finds out she is an alien; Chase Stein steals his father's futuristic gauntlets, "the Fistigons"; Gertrude Yorkes discovers that she has a telepathic link to a dinosaur hidden by her time-traveling parents; Molly Hayes discovers she is a mutant with super strength; and Alex Wilder, though having no supernatural powers, possesses a prodigal intellect and steals the mystical text that contains The Pride's secrets, becoming the leader of the group. Using the book that contains The Pride's secrets, the youth agree amongst themselves to make up for their parent's sins by fighting crime.
Once The Pride realizes its offspring have disappeared, it begins to use its considerable influence to track down their sons and daughters. "Pride & Joy" sets "Runaways" for its main concept of the series, which involves children versus their parents.
Setting.
When Vaughan first pitched "Pride & Joy" to Marvel, they immediately accepted it and set "Runaways" in the Marvel Universe, the main string of story lines that ties Marvel's canonical series. However, unlike most series (which are often set in New York City), "Runaways" is set in Los Angeles, an unexplored area of the Marvel Universe. This, in turn, marked a significance for the story arc at the time; being a new series, "Pride & Joy" had been expected to take place in New York City. Matt Fraction, a prominent writer for various Marvel Comics series quotes, "It was sort of great to see in "Runaways" that California was such a blank slate. It was refreshing to watch Brian create this sort of whole cloth." Vaughan's decision prompted Fraction to create a new series to take place in Los Angeles as well. Several notable landmarks in this story arc include Malibu, the Griffith Observatory, the James Dean memorial and Bronson Canyon in Griffith Park. In an interview with Comic Book Resources, Brian K. Vaughan quoted, "I imagine that Angelinos in the Marvel Universe think of super heroes and villains the way that New Yorkers think of Hollywood celebrities. We see them on TV every day, so we know that they exist, but they still seem distant and unreal."
In order to create familiarity with a common-day setting and tone, Vaughan made this story arc include various references to current popular culture, including television series, films, and celebrities such as ', the Matrix trilogy, and Dr. Phil. Vaughan even makes references to real-world events, such as the Menendez brothers' shootings, the Beltway sniper attacks, Saddam Hussein's hiding and the O. J. Simpson murder case.
Style.
Unlike most authors, Vaughan is known for avoiding the clichés of the superhero genre, locating the group in Los Angeles and not the common New York. "Pride & Joy" struck interest mainly because it does away with the concept of superhero behaviour, such as aliases, uniforms, and team names. At the very end of the story arc, the Runaways (minus Alex) adopt code names, but later drop them. "Pride & Joy" starts off with four females and two males, which is uncommon in the Marvel Universe (most teams have more males). Furthermore, the children never refer to themselves as "the Runaways"; the group remains unnamed. Despite Vaughan's efforts to break down the superhero clichés within "Runaways", Marvel's handbooks and website still refer to the characters by their codenames. Also, Vaughan doesn't focus on an actual genre or tone; despite humour, horror and fantasy are common themes and genres, Vaughan mentions that while it may not be a "mature readers book," his style of writing is also dark, challenging and unpredictable.
Penciller Adrian Alphona's style of drawing consists of crisp lines and monotone shading, and as a result, all of the characters are very clear and distinct. Shannon Appelcline of RPGnet Reviews praised Alphona's style of drawing, calling it "attractive and evocative." She did, however, criticize how Alphona sometimes "muddles action sequences a little bit by not drawing important actions with appropriate importance." J. Bowers of Beatbots praised the style Brian K. Vaughan brought to this story arc, comparing it to fellow Marvel Comics series "Generation X". Because of this, he gave this story arc 9 out of 10.
Characters.
When the story arc was first introduced, it was frequently praised for its large cast; six children, each with two parents, and several auxiliary characters. Dave Wallace of Comics Bulletin praised author Vaughan's efforts on making sure the main characters' dynamic works well enough that "the occasional stereotypical elements do not detract from the characters too much."
Reception.
Dave Brennan of "Shaking Through" has called the story arc "spectacular," and said that even though it is aimed at a younger crowd, it is still a "lighthearted and engaging story that any fan of superhero comics can enjoy." He called "Pride & Joy" a promising start for a comic series. The pilot issue of "Pride & Joy" received an A- on "The X-Axis." On many cases, Alphona is also often praised for his style of drawing.
Shannon Appelcline of RPGnet Reviews praised author Brian K. Vaughan for his work on the characters' characterization. With six teens and twelve parents, she cited Vaughan as a strong storyteller for his work on characterizing eighteen crucial characters. She gave the story arc a 4 out of 5, citing that the plotting is above average. She ended her review by citing that "Pride & Joy" was a superb example of the super-hero genre at its best. The conclusion to the story arc received generally positive reviews. The issue sold an estimated 20, 035 copies, a significant improvement from the previous issue. Paul McCoy of Comics Bulletin cited it as "another solid issue, filled with spectacular artwork and very nice character oriented writing." He also went as far as to credit artist Alphona and inker David Yeung's layouts. McCoy praised the detail in the character's designs, from Chases' gloves to the costuming of the Pride.
Dave Wallace of Comics Bulletin, however, cited that "Pride & Joy" felt "pedestrian and lacking in depth." Wallace also called colouring of the early issues flat and static, which made it fairly uninteresting. Despite Molly often being considered a fan-favorite character, the character is nevertheless criticized for being portrayed "far younger than a child who is about to hit puberty," and is compared to acting more along the lines of a six- or seven-year-old as opposed to eleven. Similarly, the character is always considered being "naive."
Awards.
"Runaways", the series that grew out of "Pride & Joy," has been nominated for and has won several awards.
In other media.
Film.
As of May 2008, a film version of the comic is in the scripting stage, with Brian K. Vaughan writing and Kevin Feige, Marvel Studios President of Production, producing. Feige has said that while it may not be a precise story line of any of his comics, it will be similar to the tone or origins of its initial run.

</doc>
<doc id="19635992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19635992" title="Den Helder railway station">
Den Helder railway station

Den Helder is a Terminus railway station in the Naval town of Den Helder, the Netherlands. The station opened on 20 December 1865, and is the most northerly station in North Holland. The station is the start of the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway. The original station building was demolished in 1958 and a new building was built a bit further south than previous. 
The railway line was electrified in 1958. In 1980 another station, Den Helder Zuid opened. The station now has 3 platforms. The services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
Train services.
The following train services call at Den Helder:
Bus services.
The following bus services stop at Den Helder NS:

</doc>
<doc id="19636002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636002" title="Acharya Maharajshree Raghuvir Pande">
Acharya Maharajshree Raghuvir Pande

Sanatan Dharma Dhurandar Acharya Maharaj Shree 1008 Raghuvirji Maharaj (21st Mar 1812 - 9th Feb 1863) was the first Acharya of the LaxmiNarayan Dev Gadi of the Swaminarayan Sampraday. He is son of Iccharam, Swaminarayan's younger brother. He was the adopted by Swaminarayan as his son and was the 1st successor of Swaminarayan in the Southern Diocese (Laxmi Narayan Dev Gadi, Vadtal). He was enthroned as Acharya on 10th Nov 1826 and held the post till his death. He is also the first acharaya to wear the red topi (a type of hat), as the then Acharaya of the Nar Narayan Dev Gadi liked to wear a white pagh (Acharya Maharajshree Ayodhyaprasad Pande) The Acharya's responsibilities and duties are outlined in many of the Swaminarayan Sampraday's scriptures.

</doc>
<doc id="19636047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636047" title="Sittin' at a Bar">
Sittin' at a Bar

"Sittin' at a Bar" is an album by the American band Rehab. It features their single of the same name. It is a repackaging of their Epic Records album "Southern Discomfort", with a shuffled tracklisting. Epic Records put it out to capitalize on the success of the song "Sittin' at a Bar" which had been re-recorded and released as a single by the band's new label, Universal.

</doc>
<doc id="19636051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636051" title="Mario Díaz Martínez">
Mario Díaz Martínez

Dr. Mario Díaz Martínez (November 30, 1965) of Spain was one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement. He served as the liaison to the International Catholic Conference of Scouting (ICCS), and was elected Vice-Chairman of the World Scout Committee at the 38th World Scout Conference in South Korea in 2008. His term on the World Scout Committee expired at the 39th World Scout Conference in Brazil in 2011.
Díaz Martínez is a professor and associate dean in the Faculty of Business and Economics at the Universidad de León in León, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19636090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636090" title="Orme's law">
Orme's law

Orme's law is a rule of thumb to assist modelers when they design an electric power system for their radio-controlled model. Orme's law simply recommends the use of one NiMH rechargeable battery cell for every of wing area for sport planes. One cell for every of wing area for trainers. When using LiPo cells with higher voltage, the number of cells is cut in half, since a LiPo cell has double the voltage.
Origin.
This rule is the work of Matthew Orme, who used to manage the sales of Aveox’s line of motors to the hobby market, and later developed a small high performance line of brushless motors at RazorMotors. Matt wanted to come up with a simpler way to recommend systems to the many people who ask him for advice powering their models. Brushless motors are very versatile and it can be hard for newcomers to decide which system they should use.
Need for Orme's law.
The main purpose was to demonstrate to the modeler that the electric motor was not the source of power like an internal combustion engine. With an IC engine, a particular sized engine will have a particular power output. Typically a model airplane manufacturer will recommend a 2-cycle glow plug motor by its size (typically .40-.60 cubic inch for the average sized plane) Since electric motors operate over a much wider range, there was no good way to recommend an electric motor for a plane. 
Orme's law makes it clear that the battery pack is the power source, and it determines the available power, not the electric motor. Once the power requirements of any particular airplane model have been determined, an electric motor can be chosen to match the power source. i.e., a 10 cell NiMh battery pack produces approximately 1 volt per cell under load. At 30 amps, that translates to .4 HP.
System selection.
Matt Orme’s rule makes system selection easy. Orme’s law assumes that the hobbyist will be using 1700 to 2000 mAH cells and will prop for 4 minutes of flight, or 30 amps. 2000 mAH = 2 amp hours or 120 amp minutes, hence the 4-minute flight time (120 amp-minutes /30 amps) at full throttle, with increasing flight times at reduced throttle settings.
Applying the rule using a hobbyist's Citabria Pro electric conversion, which has of wing area, it needs exactly 16 cells according to Orme's law. Before Orme's law, much more work was needed to design the power for the system.

</doc>
<doc id="19636109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636109" title="African Methodist Episcopal Church (Cumberland, Maryland)">
African Methodist Episcopal Church (Cumberland, Maryland)

The African Methodist Episcopal Church in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, was built in 1892 to replace a previous church which the congregation had outgrown. The congregation was founded in 1847 by a group of African-American Methodists who had previously worshiped from the balcony of the Centre Street Methodist Episcopal Church. The first church was built in 1848, then rebuilt and enlarged in 1871 and again in 1875. 
The church follows Methodist practice by placing Sunday school and meeting space on the street level, with the sanctuary above.

</doc>
<doc id="19636117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636117" title="Charleston Town Center">
Charleston Town Center

Charleston Town Center is an enclosed shopping mall in downtown Charleston, West Virginia, USA. One of the largest enclosed malls to be located in a downtown shopping district, it comprises more than 130 tenants on two levels, as well as a food court on a partial third level. Popular full-service restaurants include Chili's Bar & Grill, the Chop House, Outback Steakhouse and Tidewater Grill. Anchor stores comprise JCPenney, Macy's and Sears. The mall is owned by Forest City Enterprises.
History.
Charleston Town Center opened in 1983 in downtown Charleston, West Virginia, as the largest downtown-based shopping mall located east of the Mississippi River. At the time, it included four anchor stores: JCPenney, Sears, Kaufmann's and Montgomery Ward. The mall remained largely unchanged until Stone & Thomas opened next to Montgomery Ward, moving from an existing location downtown. This Stone & Thomas store was later renamed Elder-Beerman when the chain was purchased in 1998, but Elder-Beerman closed it in 2000, the same year that Montgomery Ward closed.
In 2002, plans were announced to renovate the mall. Under these plans, Dillard's (which, at the time, had no locations in West Virginia) would have opened in the former Montgomery Ward space. In return, the Dillard's chain asked for a $1-a-year lease as part of an incentive package, in addition to asking for $7.5 million in city loans. However, the plans for a Dillard's at the mall were later canceled, and the former Montgomery Ward remained dark, while the former Elder-Beerman space was converted to a Steve & Barry's clothing store in 2002.
In 2005, the retail bookstore chain Books-A-Million also expressed interest in replacing the former Montgomery Ward, although this store also never came to fruition. Finally, by 2006, it was announced that BrickStreet Insurance would locate its offices in the former Montgomery Ward space. A year later, Kaufmann's was converted to Macy's due to the acquisition of Kaufmann's then-parent company, May Department Stores. The Steve & Barry's, along with all other Steve & Barry's stores in West Virginia, was closed in September 2008 due to bankruptcy. In 2011, television station WOWK sub-leased some unused space in the Brickstreet area to relocate its TV studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19636125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636125" title="Simon Hang-bock Rhee">
Simon Hang-bock Rhee

Simon Hang-Bock Rhee (이항복, born October 28, 1954 ) of South Korea, is the current Chairman of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and Chairman of its Management Subcommittee. He was first elected as a member and Vice-Chairman of the Committee in Seoul, Korea in 2008, and elected as Chairman at the 39th World Scout Conference in Brazil in 2011 for a three-year term. 
Background.
A 1972 recipient of the Tiger Scout award, Rhee is the founding Chairman of the Association of Top Achiever Scouts (ATAS), a fellowship group formed during the 38th World Scout Conference, of Scouts and Scouters who have achieved the highest rank in their Scout associations-Queen Scout, President's Scout, Fuji Scout, Eagle Scout, etc.
Rhee has been active in the Scout Movement since 1966. He was a Scout and Venture Scout and has remained active in Scouting, holding various positions in the Korea Scout Association (KSA) and APR Sub-Committees. He is currently President of the Asia-Pacific Regional Scout Foundation, Vice President of the Korea Scout Association and was Chairman of the 38th World Scout Conference and 10th World Scout Youth Forum Host Committee.
Rhee holds a Bachelor of Science, Master of Engineering, Doctorate of Construction Management at Chung-Ang University, Korea. He is a professional architectural engineer and a construction management specialist. His occupation titles include Senior Director at Hanmi Global Co., Ltd., concurrent Professor at Chung-Ang University in Seoul, Korea. He was Project Manager for Hanjin Heavy Industries (formerly Korea Shipbuilding and Engineering Corporation) in Korea and Hong Kong (1976–1990), General Manager of Architectural Marketing Team and Project Manager for various international construction sites including the Pebble Bay Condominiun and Pulau Seraya Power Station in Singapore, as well as the Incheon International Airport for Samsung C&T Corporation (1990–2008). He is presently Vice President of Construction Management Marketing Department at Hanmi Parsons Corporation. Rhee currently resides in Seoul, Korea, is married, and has two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19636128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636128" title="IBall">
IBall

iBall is a kinetic toy that displays Newton's Laws. It consists of a plastic sphere with 7 metal balls. The toy has numerous goals that can be accomplished (some are printed on the back of the packaging), such as launching one ball at a time into orbit in the plastic ball or trying to get three different balls into orbits in three directions at once. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19636141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636141" title="U.S. Route 119 in Pennsylvania">
U.S. Route 119 in Pennsylvania

U.S. Route 119 travels through Connellsville, Greensburg, and Punxsutawney, and bypasses Uniontown and Indiana. There are numerous other boroughs and villages along its route in the Keystone State. The southern entrance of US 119 is at the West Virginia state line one-half mile south of Point Marion. The northern terminus is at US 219 two miles (3 km) south of DuBois, Pennsylvania. US 119 is in the National Highway System from the West Virginia state line to Exit 0 of PA Turnpike 66, and from US 22 to US 219. From US 22 to US 219, the highway carries the name of the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway; from US 22 to PA 56, it is also known as the Patrick J. Stapleton Highway; near Uniontown, it bears the name George C. Marshall Parkway.
Concurrencies along the route include PA 43 from Chadville to US 40; US 40 from the Hopwood interchange to Main Street, Uniontown; Truck PA 711 from Connellsville to North Connellsville; PA 819 from the borough of South Greensburg to the City of Greensburg; Business PA 66 from US 30 in South Greensburg to Greensburg; PA 130 in Greensburg; US 22 from Shieldsburg to two miles (3 km) east of Blairsville; PA 56 from Homer City to US 422; Business US 422 from the Wayne Avenue interchange to the US 422 interchange; Truck PA 286 from US 422 to PA 286; and PA 36 in Punxsutawney.
Route description.
Fayette County.
US 119 enters Pennsylvania from Monongalia County, WV just south of Point Marion, PA. Known as Morgantown Rd. for most of its route south of Uniontown, it travels north through Point Marion. The highway leaves the borough upon crossing the Cheat River at its confluence with the Monongahela River. Route 119 then turns toward the east-northeast and heads toward Smithfield. To the northeast of Smithfield, Morgantown Rd. intersects with Big Six Rd., which provides access to PA 43 at exit 8. This begins a section of the highway that runs parallel to two other highways, PA 43 and PA 857, till the PA 857 terminus at the Uniontown bypass in South Union Township.
US 119 merges with US 40 to form part of the George C. Marshall Parkway, which bypasses the city of Uniontown to the west and north. Exits along the US 119 section of the bypass include Walnut Hill Rd.; McClellandtown Rd. (PA 21); Main St. (US 40 West and US 40 Bus), the north end of concurrency with US 40; Pittsburgh St. (PA 51); N. Gallatin Ave.; and Connellsville Rd. Shortly after the Connellsville Rd. exit, US 119 passes Penn State Fayette, The Eberly Campus.
Eleven miles northeast of Uniontown and six miles (10 km) north of Penn State, US 119 enters the city of Connellsville. Route 119 becomes a one-way pair of 8th and 9th Sts. in western Connellsville. After intersection PA 201/PA 711 (W. Crawford Ave.), US 119 crosses the Youghiogheny River via the Memorial Bridge, one of two bridges in Connellsville. The highway leaves Connellsville as Memorial Blvd and heads to the north intersecting with the southern terminus of PA 982 (Pleasant Valley Rd.).
North of Pleasant Valley Rd. is a trumpet interchange with Everson Valley Rd. Just north of this intersection, US 119 leaves Fayette County, having spent in Fayette County.
Westmoreland County.
The highway enters Westmoreland County in East Huntingdon Township. US 119 continues north between the boroughs of Scottdale and Mount Pleasant. East of Scottdale, US 119 has an exit with PA 819 signed for the two communities, and then west of Mount Pleasant is an interchange with PA 31, which also provides access to PA 981. 
Five and a half miles north of Mount Pleasant, just west of Youngwood, US 119 traffic must exit the expressway at a full cloverleaf interchange (straight ahead is the beginning of PA 66 North), immediately to the east of connections to the Pennsylvania Turnpike and I-70. After leaving the expressway, US 119 enters Youngwood as Hellman St., which becomes the one-way pair of 3rd and 4th Sts.
Shortly after leaving Youngwood, US 119 intersects the Lincoln Highway (US 30), which bypasses Greensburg to the west and south. Route 119 becomes Main St. at this point and travels through downtown Greensburg. At PA 130, Pittsburgh St., US 119 turns to the right and leaves Greensburg as Harvey Ave and heads to the northeast toward the historical Hannastown. Once leaving Greensburg US 119 becomes predominantly a two-lane road again for the first time since joining the Uniontown bypass nearly south.
After passing Hannastown, US 119 continues to the northeast to merge with the William Penn Highway (US 22 (PA)). The concurrency runs to the east-northeast toward Blairsville where US 119 leaves Westmoreland County after spending in the county.
Indiana County.
US 119 enters Indiana County in the borough of Blairsville after crossing the Conemaugh River. US 119/US 22 bypasses the borough to the north and heads to the end of the concurrency in Burrell Township. US 119 then takes a more northerly path as the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway. While the portion of US 119 between Blairsville and Homer City was a two-lane segment until recent years, this portion of the highway is being widened to four lanes.
Seven miles north of the William Penn Highway, US 119 enters Homer City, merges with PA 56. PA 56 leaves US 119 when the highway intersects the Benjamin Franklin Highway (US 422) south of Indiana. US 119 then becomes an eastern bypass of the borough. The only exit on the bypass is the Philadelphia St. exit at PA 286.
Immediately after passing Indiana, the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway becomes a two-lane road again north of an interchange with PA 110 and continues to Home. In Home, US 119 is the eastern terminus of PA 85. US 119 the continues north through rural northern Indiana County before leaving the county in North Mahoning Township after travelling in the county.
Jefferson and Clearfield Counties.
US 119 enters Jefferson County in Young Township. Just north of the Jefferson County border, the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway intersects PA 436. After entering Punxsutawney, the home of Punxsutawney Phil, the route merges with PA 36 at Mahoning St. US 119 is concurrent with PA 36 for four blocks before making a left turn on Hampton Ave. Route 119 leaves Punxsutawney shortly thereafter as Ridge Ave. and heads east toward Big Run. Before reaching Big Run, US 119 passes the Punxsutawney Municipal Airport in Bell Township. After passing through Big Run as Main St., the Buffalo-Pittsburgh Highway turns to the north-northeast toward Sykesville, PA. 
Shortly after leaving Sykesville, US 119 leaves Jefferson County and enters Clearfield in Sandy Township south of DuBois. After an intersection with US 322, route 119 ends at US 219 just south of DuBois.
US 119 spends in Jefferson County and less than in Clearfield County.
History.
U.S. Route 119 was originally signed in 1926. Until 1927 it ran from West Virginia to New York. Originally, instead of ending at US 219 in Sandy Township, it followed US 219's current alignment for north to Wilcox. It then followed the present-day PA 321 to Kane where it ran concurrent to US 6 to Smethport, to the northeast. In Smethport, US 119 travelled the current alignment of PA 46 to Bradford where it turned north to New York via US 219's current alignment. In 1927, US 119 terminated at its current location south of DuBois.
In the 1940s and 1950s, the highway was widened in several places, the most notable include: a 1940 widening from New Stanton to Greensburg; a 1948 widening in Connellsville; a 1956 widening in Uniontown. In 1965, an expressway was completed from PA 819 to PA 31, and in 1966, it was completed from Pennsville to PA 819. This expressway runs between Mount Pleasant and Scottdale.
In 1972, the Uniontown (started in 1971) and Indiana (started in 1969) bypasses were completed. In 1978 an expressway from PA 31 to the PA 66 interchange was completed, which finished the current expressway from Pennsville to the Pennsylvania Turnpike. In 1993 an expressway from the southern end of the Uniontown bypass to Big Six Road in Georges Township was built parallel to US 119. This is currently part of PA 43 but is the only free section of the Mon–Fayette Expressway. In 2000, US 119 was widened along its concurrency with US 22 in Westmoreland County. Many of the latest improvements have been controversial, but improvements continue to be made.
In 2009, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation (PennDOT), Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission (PTC), and West Virginia Division of Highways (WVDOH) had planned on submitting an application to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) on realigning US 119 onto the Mon–Fayette Expressway south of Uniontown all the way to the Mon–Fayette's southern terminus with Interstate 68 near Cheat Lake, West Virginia east of Morgantown, where it would briefly run concurrent with I-68 once the West Virginia section of the Mon–Fayette Expressway opened in 2011. As to where US 119 would leave I-68 was a matter of debate, however, as PennDOT and the PTC preferred that US 119 exits I-68 at Exit 1, completely bypassing Downtown Morgantown, while WVDOH preferred that US 119 exited I-68 sooner at Exit 7 so that US 119 would at least continue to run through Downtown Morgantown. (Both exits are to US 119's existing alignment in the area.) As of February 2014, there has been no response back on the AASHTO, and US 119 remains on its current alignment south of Uniontown.

</doc>
<doc id="19636155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636155" title="Boris (singer)">
Boris (singer)

Boris (real name : Philippe Dhondt, born on May 19, 1965, in Roubaix, France) is a French singer, songwriter, composer and radio host on Radio Galaxie (a radio in Nord-Pas-de-Calais). He participated in many dance projects and remains particularly famous for having created the character of Boris in the late 1990s, which had huge success with the top three hit singles "Soirée disco" and "Miss Camping", and for his hit "Le Dormeur", a top ten hit in France, recorded when he was member of Pleasure Game band, in 1991. He received ten Gold discs during the 1990s in Benelux.

</doc>
<doc id="19636157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636157" title="Sara Houghteling">
Sara Houghteling

Sara Houghteling (born 1977) is an American novelist and educator.
Biography.
She was born in 1977 and graduated from Harvard magna cum laude in 1999. She received her Master's in Fine Arts in creative writing from the University of Michigan in 2003. She was the recipient of a Fulbright scholarship to Paris, first prize in the Avery Jules Hopwood Novel Contest, and a John Steinbeck fellowship. She taught high school English at Marin Academy. In 2009, she became engaged to fellow Harvard alumnus and writer Daniel Mason, author of The Piano Tuner and A Far Country. After focusing on lost art looted during World War II for her first novel, she is currently writing her second book on a pianist searching for Hindemith's lost piano concerto after ruining his right hand practicing Brahms' Piano Concerto in B-Flat Major.
"Pictures at an Exhibition".
Houghteling's first novel, "Pictures at an Exhibition", was published in 2009 by Alfred A. Knopf. It won the Edward Lewis Wallant Award and has also been released as an audio book, read by Mark Bramhall.

</doc>
<doc id="19636158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636158" title="William de Stanwey">
William de Stanwey

William De Stanwey (sometimes recorded as Mgr William de stanwey) was Dean of Exeter between 1231 and 1252.

</doc>
<doc id="19636177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636177" title="Thérèse Bermingham">
Thérèse Bermingham

Thérèse Bermingham from Killiney, Ireland was one of 12 elected volunteer members and former Vice-Chairman of the World Scout Committee, one of the most senior roles in the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement. Scouting and Guiding in Ireland is well represented in the wider Scouting movement-in addition to Bermingham, the Chairman of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts is another Irish woman, Elspeth Henderson.
In 2007, Bermingham attended the 21st World Scout Jamboree and joined 350 young people-a boy and a girl from almost every country-for a sunrise ceremony at Brownsea Island, off the coast of Dorset to mark the centenary of Scouting.
Bermingham is a tax advisor serving Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="19636203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636203" title="Eric Khoo Heng-Pheng">
Eric Khoo Heng-Pheng

Eric Khoo Heng-Pheng 顾兴平 (1956-2014), from Tengkera, Malacca, Malaysia, (born April 17, 1956), is one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and Chairman of its Asia Pacific Regional Scout Committee, elected in 2001. He was elected at the 38th World Scout Conference in South Korea for a six-year term.
Khoo is a company director in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, and consultant for public relations and marketing. His business activities involve logistics, engineering, warehouse and property development. He is a member of the Royal Commonwealth Society and the Chartered Institute of Marketing.
Khoo joined Scouting in 1965 at the age of 9 as a Cub Scout and earned his King's Scout award in 1973. He has served as a Rover Scout leader, Scout Leader at the Maz International School, Chairman of the 25th Asia Pacific Region Scout Jamboree in Thailand in 2006, and Assistant National Chief Commissioner of the Scouts Association of Malaysia, as well as various positions in the King Scout's Association of Malaysia.
Khoo attended the 1999 35th World Scout Conference in Durban, South Africa, as well as the 2002 36th World Scout Conference in Greece and the 37th World Scout Conference in Tunisia.
Khoo holds the Distinguished Service Award from the Scouts Association of Malaysia, the Distinguished Service Cross from the Scout Association of Hong Kong, the President Scout Award from the Boy Scouts of the Philippines, the Golden Rhinoceros Award from the Nepal Scouts, the Silver Eagle Award from the Scout Association of Japan, the Distinguished Service Award from the Singapore Scout Association, the White Tiger Award from the Bangladesh Scouts, and the Distinguished Service Award from Gerakan Pramuka.
Eric passed away on 13 January 2014 due to heart attack. 
See also.
17 April 1956 - 13 January 2014
Age of 58

</doc>
<doc id="19636208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636208" title="Denzil Onslow">
Denzil Onslow

Denzil Onslow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636212" title="B'er Chayim Temple">
B'er Chayim Temple

The B'er Chayim Temple (Hebrew for Well of Life, a metaphor in which Torah is likened to water) in Cumberland, Allegany County, Maryland, was built in 1866 for the local Jewish congregation. Originally Orthodox, it is now Reform. It is one of the oldest congregations in Maryland and its 1865 building is one of the oldest synagogue buildings in the United States.
History.
The first Jewish resident recorded in Cumberland dates to 1816. Twelve families were living in Cumberland, which then had a population of 6,150, in 1853 when congregation B'ere Chayim was incorporated by the state legislature. The congregation was orthodox when the temple was built, although it is now a Reform congregation. 
In 1865-67 the congregaton built a two-story, Greek revival synagogue building on the corner of South Centre and Union Streets. The facade is ornamented with four pilasters, a handsome pediment, and four very un-Greek Rundbogenstil, or round-arched, windows. The building was constructed by local builder John B. Walton. Prayers and sermons were originally held in German, rather than Hebrew.

</doc>
<doc id="19636220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636220" title="Carolyn Gray">
Carolyn Gray

Carolyn Gray is a Canadian playwright. Her full-length play The Elmwood Visitation (Scirocco Drama) was produced by Theatre Projects Manitoba in 2007 and won the Manitoba Day Award for excellence in archival research. The Confessional of the Black Penitents or the True Path to the Church, a play about VLTs, was part of Factory Theatre Toronto’s Trans-Canada Reading Week in 2007 and is slated for production by Theatre Projects Manitoba. Catarinetta was produced as the Manitoba Theatre for Young People Junior Company show in 2008. Carolyn Gray won the at the 2008 Manitoba Book Awards, and is the Aqua Books Writer-in-Residence as of September 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19636232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636232" title="George Newton (speedway rider)">
George Newton (speedway rider)

George Newton (born 27 January 1913 in Ash Vale, England - died 1984) is a former international speedway rider who featured in the first Speedway World Championship in final in 1936.
Career summary.
Newton started his career with the Crystal Palace Glaziers in 1932 and stayed with the promotion when they moved to New Cross in 1934. He made his England debut in 1936 and qualified for the World final, his first of three. At the end of the 1938 season Newton retired due to illness, but not before helping New Cross to the National League championship.
After the war Newton made a surprise comeback, after a benefit meeting was arranged for him in 1947 as he was still suffering from illness. He returned to the New Cross team in 1948 as they won the Championship for the second time. 
Further surgery at the end of 1948 was needed and it was assumed that Newton would retire but in 1949 he joined the Fleetwood Flyers in the National League Division Two where he recorded eight maximum scores in fifty appearances.
1950 saw Newton at Walthamstow Wolves followed by a season with the Liverpool Chads in 1951. He started 1952 with the Chads but moved to St Austell Gulls of the Southern League for the remainder of the season, before becoming their team manager for the following two seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19636250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636250" title="Hyco International Inc">
Hyco International Inc

Hyco International Inc is one of the world's largest manufacturer of hydraulic cylinders. Hyco International was established in June 1998 by Centre Partners, a New York based investment group, with the acquisition of Dana Corporation’s hydraulic cylinder business consisting of 4 cylinder manufacturing facilities in Canada, Germany and the United States. Hyco made three additional acquisitions of hydraulic cylinder manufacturers in Canada (1999), Germany (1999) and Brazil (2001). In 2000, the facility in Arab, Alabama was expanded. Most recently (2008) the Hengstler facility in Hausach, Germany underwent major expansion. Hyco International is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.
Company overview.
Hyco International has grown to become one of the world’s largest manufacturer of hydraulic cylinders employing over 600 personnel. The company manufactures on average over 2000 cylinders per day. Current annual sales are approximately $120 million US. This represents about a 4% share of the total global hydraulic cylinder market.
Today Hyco International has 4 manufacturing plants on 3 continents making it a truly global manufacturer of hydraulic cylinders. These plants include:
Although it might first appear that Hyco is a relative newcomer to the hydraulics industry, the individual factories have a remarkable history that extends back to the 1930s. Hyco has retained this experience and technology along with the corporate acquisitions.
The company employs the latest in computerized design and manufacturing technologies (CAD CAM) and is able to electronically transfer hydraulic cylinder designs and distribute production efficiently among all 4 manufacturing centers. Engineering, research and development technology is networked and shared among all facilities.
The international nature of the Hyco Corporation enables the company to offer customers a one stop, global sourcing solution for hydraulic cylinders. This is very important to large multinational mobile heavy equipment manufacturers. It also allows the company to take advantage of international monetary fluctuations, worldwide metal and component supply, and global labor costs. This has made Hyco a very effective competitor in the global hydraulic cylinder market.
Product.
Hyco focuses on manufacturing high duty cycle welded body hydraulic cylinders in both single stage rod style and multi-stage telescopic style, large bore & long stroke included. The welded style of cylinder design is preferred for mobile hydraulic equipment and heavy industrial machinery. These cylinders are used in a broad variety of industrial sectors including: 
Hydraulic cylinders.
Hydraulic cylinders are fundamental components of hydraulic machinery. The function of a hydraulic cylinder is to convert the hydrostatic power of a fluid into mechanical power. They are the actuators or muscles of heavy equipment providing motion and force including steering, suspension, pushing, pulling, lifting, lowering, tilting, extending, clamping, stabilizing, and so on.
Proper cylinder design and manufacture are critical as the failure of a cylinder will usually render the entire machine inoperable. Hyco produces high quality, rugged cylinders that are designed to have a long service life even in difficult applications and harsh environments. 
More than 90% of Hyco's production is custom designed for specific applications. These cylinders are built to suit the exact requirements of Hyco’s customers and are optimized for the specific machine application. These customers are mostly original equipment manufacturers (OEM’s) in the mobile hydraulic cylinder market. The remaining 10% of production consists of catalogued, multi-use cylinders of a standard design.
Hydraulic cylinders produced range from miniature hydraulic cylinders of only 1/2-inch (12 mm) bore up to very large-bore and long-stroke hydraulic cylinders of 36-inch (914 mm) bore. Telescoping cylinder products have been produced in extremely large sizes up to 600-inch stroke (15.24 meters).
Custom cylinder designs produced by Hyco involve: specially designed mountings to interface with customer equipment; special seals, materials, and coatings to meet environmental and operational requirements; value added components assembled to the actuator such as fittings, piping, valves and guards; electronic stroke and feedback control sensors.
Cylinder manufacturing processes.
Hyco uses a large number of manufacturing processes in order to produce their final products. The processes include rod and tube machining and grinding, custom metal machining, component machining, skive and roller burnishing, friction and inertia welding, plating, painting, and hydraulic component assembly. Robotic and CNC machines are used in many of these processes. Several plants specialize in large capacity machining and handling the very heavy, oversized components used to produce very large bore, very long stroke hydraulic rod and telescoping cylinders. 
Hyco manufactured cylinders are well known to mobile equipment manufacturers for their application-specific features, including sealing elements, induction hardened chrome plated piston rods and roller burnished tube bores. Hyco has maintained long-standing relationships (many of over 25 years) with a variety of leading multinational OEMs.
All Hyco manufacturing facilities are at a minimum quality assurance level.

</doc>
<doc id="19636252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636252" title="Georges El Ghorayeb">
Georges El Ghorayeb

Georges El Ghorayeb (, born January 1, 1958 ) of Beirut, Lebanon was one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and serves as liaison to external Scout bodies International Link of Orthodox Christian Scouts (DESMOS) and the International Scout and Guide Fellowship (ISGF).
Ghorayeb is an owner of an accounting firm, and was educated at the École supérieure et internationale de Gestion from 1979 to 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19636276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636276" title="Frasier (disambiguation)">
Frasier (disambiguation)

Frasier is an American television sitcom.
Frasier may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636292" title="Fábio Beretta">
Fábio Beretta

Fábio Beretta Rossi, Jr. (born April 18, 1986 in São Paulo) is a racing driver from Brazil.
Beretta began his racing career in 2004 in his domestic Formula Ford 1800 series, finishing 6th in the standings. The following season he moved up to the Brazilian Formula Renault championship with Dragão Motorsport, taking a single podium finish to end the year 13th overall.
In 2006, Beretta moved up to the South American Formula 3 championship with Dragão, taking a podium place at Buenos Aires on his way to 7th place in the championship, with team-mate Luiz Razia winning the title. He stayed in the series for the 2007 season, but switched teams to Bassani Racing. During the year he twice finished on the podium to claim 11th place in the final standings.
For 2008, Beretta moved to Europe to race in the Euroseries 3000 championship, teaming up with Nicolas Prost and Luiz Razia at ELK Motorsport. In the Italian Formula 3000 standings he finished the season in 9th place, whilst in the main Euroseries he currently lies in 7th place with three rounds remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="19636294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636294" title="William Fairfax">
William Fairfax

William Fairfax (1691–1757) was a political appointee of the English Crown and a politician: he was Collector of Customs in Barbados, and Chief Justice and governor of the Bahamas; he served as Customs agent in Marblehead, Massachusetts before being reassigned to the Virginia colony. 
There he was elected to the House of Burgesses and then as President of the Governor's Council. As a tobacco planter, he commissioned the construction of his plantation called Belvoir in northern Virginia. He was the son of Henry Fairfax (d. 1708), a grandson of Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, and first cousin of Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. He acted as land agent for his cousin's vast holdings on the Northern Neck of Virginia.
Early life and career.
William Fairfax was born in London in 1691, the son of Henry Fairfax and grandson of Henry Fairfax, 4th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. As a young man, he went to the English colonies in the Caribbean, where he served as the Customs agent in Barbados and as Chief Justice of the Bahamas under Woodes Rogers. He served as governor of the Bahamas after Rogers' departure.
William was the cousin of Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, proprietor of the extensive grant of land on the Northern Neck of Virginia. Residing in England in Leeds Castle, Lord Fairfax used a succession of land agents to manage his vast Virginia property. Upon reading the 1732 obituary of his last resident agent, Robert "King" Carter, and learning of the vast personal wealth Carter had amassed, Lord Fairfax decided to place a trusted member of the family in charge of his Northern Neck proprietary. 
He arranged for William Fairfax to be transferred from Massachusetts to Virginia, to be assigned as that colony's customs collector for the Potomac River and to act as his land agent.
Marriage and family.
In the Bahamas, Fairfax had married Sarah Walker (c. 1700 - January 21, 1731). Her father was a former Justice of the Vice admiralty court and acting deputy governor of the Bahamas, and served as a fellow Justice with Fairfax in the Bahamas. Sarah was said to be of mixed race and partial African ancestry through her mother, so their children were also mixed race. The Fairfaxes first had a daughter Anne, followed by a son George William Fairfax, and another daughter Sarah. William's wife Sarah died January 21, 1731.
After Sarah's death, Fairfax married Deborah Clarke. Together they had three sons: Thomas, William Henry "Billy," and Bryan, and a daughter Hannah.
In June 1743, the eldest Fairfax daughter Anne (then aged 15) was hastily married to Lawrence Washington. At age 25, Washington had recently returned to Virginia from two years at war in the Caribbean. He had served with distinction as a senior company officer in the American Regiment, under Admiral Edward Vernon, as "Captain of the Soldiers acting as Marines", aboard the admiral's flagship "HMS Princess Caroline" (80 guns). 
Upon his return in 1742, Washington was appointed Adjutant (commander) of the Virginia militia, at the colonial rank of major. In the spring of 1743, the young Anne disclosed to her parents that she had been sexually molested by Charles Green, the Anglican priest of Truro Parish. Surviving court documents suggest Lawrence Washington may have been staying with the Fairfax family at Belvoir in the spring of 1743, awaiting the completion of his new home at nearby Little Hunting Creek, which he named Mount Vernon. In 1745 Washington took Green to court over his actions with Anne Fairfax; he and the senior Fairfax tried to have the priest deposed for the scandal, but were unsuccessful. Green rallied support in the county, and the trial was aborted. 
Lawrence and Anne Washington had four children together, but all died in childhood.
George William Fairfax married Sally Cary; they had no children. 
Sarah Fairfax married John Carlyle, and their descendants were prominent in Virginia, carrying their African ancestry into the elite.
William Fairfax's two younger sons both died in combat while serving the Crown: Thomas (1726-1746) was killed in action on 25 June 1746 (Old Style) against the French Navy off the coast of India, aged about 20, while serving as a newly enrolled midshipman in the Royal Navy aboard "HMS Harwich" (50 guns). Lieutenant William Henry "Billy" Fairfax died of wounds received during the British Army's capture of Quebec in fall 1759 during the Seven Years' War.
Life in the Virginia colony.
From 1738 to 1741, William Fairfax and his second wife Deborah Clarke lived along the lower Potomac. He picked out a site for a home overlooking the river adjacent to the Washington family's estate, which was later known as Mount Vernon. Fairfax commissioned a two-story brick home, which was completed in 1741 and named Belvoir Manor. He and his descendants lived there for the next 32 years. 
In 1757 after William's death, George William Fairfax inherited Belvoir and lived there for years with his wife Sally Cary. They had no children. In 1773, they sailed to England on business and never returned after the American Revolutionary War disrupted society. Fairfax wrote his good friend and neighbor George Washington to look after the estate and put it up for rent. 
Historic documents and archeological artifacts found at Belvoir Manor attest to the elegant lifestyle enjoyed by the Fairfax family. The mansion, described in a 1774 rental notice, was spacious and well-appointed. Its furnishings consisted of "tables, chairs, and every other necessary article ... very elegant." The Fairfaxes had imported ceramics from Europe and the Orient to grace its tables. Unoccupied after the Revolution, the manor home was destroyed by fire in 1783.
Prominent citizens of the colony, including Washington, had visited frequently. Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron, the first member of the British nobility to reside in the colonies, lived at Belvoir briefly, in 1747. He moved to the Shenandoah Valley and established an estate at Greenway Court. Despite the grandeur of their surroundings and the refinement of their furnishings, planters such as the Fairfaxes, Masons, McCartys, and Washingtons did not lead indolent lives. Conscious of their civic duty and of the elite class, they were the political, social, economic, and religious leaders of their immediate neighborhood and of the colony at large. 
In 1741, Fairfax was elected a member of the House of Burgesses. He introduced the bill that created Fairfax County as a separate political jurisdiction in 1742 (carved out of the northern portion of Prince William County). He subsequently served as presiding Justice of the County Court, and as County Lieutenant, the county's chief law-enforcement officer. 
At the same time, he managed his own large properties throughout Fairfax County and served as the land agent for his cousin, Lord Fairfax. The senior Fairfax managed the Northern Neck estate until his death in 1757.
Fairfax was elected President of the Governor's Council in Williamsburg, a position equivalent to today's Lieutenant Governor. In this position, he represented the colony at an important conference with the Iroquois Confederacy in Albany, New York in 1753. New York and Virginia officials worked to gain agreement with the Iroquois to allow passage and settlement of colonists in the Shenandoah Valley, which had been an area of their warring with southern Indians. 
As the senior colonial official in Fairfax County, William Fairfax was nominally in command of the county's militia. As such, he was entitled to be called a "Virginia colonel." This county rank was largely honorary and carried no pay or benefits, and did not extend to a higher echelon. Formally, the entire Virginia colonial militia fell under command of the resident governor, as colonel. Day-to-day command of the militia was exercised by the Adjutant (at the rank of major). But, at the county-level, all the local militia officers adopted a separate "colonel-major-captain-lieutenant" rank structure for use at the local level. 
In his will of 1757, Fairfax left Belvoir and his plantation of Springfield, containing , to his eldest son George William Fairfax. He left his plantation Towlston Grange, with , to his youngest son Bryan Fairfax; he left land in Culpeper County of and to his daughter Hannah.

</doc>
<doc id="19636295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636295" title="Wahid Labidi">
Wahid Labidi

Wahid Labidi (, born December 24, 1960 [http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=535746992#/profile.php?id=674961422&v=info&viewas=713770169]) of Tunisia is the current Vice-Chairman of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and Chairman of its World Conference Organizing Committee. Professionally, Labidi is a political and economic consultant, specializing in Arab Civil Society, and the promotion of democracy and human rights.
Labidi is a former senior political advisor for Greenpeace International, and the toxics campaigner for Greenpeace Tunisia. He also serves as Political and Economic Specialist for the Middle East Partnership Initiative (MEPI).
Labidi studied biology at the Tunisian University of Sciences as an undergraduate, and then took his Masters in the same institution and subject. He went on to research genetics, also at the Tunisian University of Sciences and gained a secondary school teaching certificate. Between 1991 and 1992, Labidi was a secondary school teacher and educational advisor.
He was a Students' union leader for the Faculty of Sciences, between 1980 and 1984. He was also an Educational Union board member (Labor Union) between 1988 and 1992.
Scouting.
Labidi represented the Scouts at the Tunisian National Youth Council, having been active in Scouting since 1968 without interruption. He holds the "4 Wood Badges" (Trainer of Trainers in Scouting). He was elected as board member of the Les Scouts Tunisiens for 6 mandates (1988–2008).
Labidi served as the Chairman of the Community Development Committee of the Arab Scout Region of WOSM from 1999-2007. He also served as Chairman of the organizing committee of the 37th World Scout Conference in Tunisia in 2005. Labidi participated in the World Jamboree’s Organizing committee (Thailand 2003). He has also attended the 35th, 36th and 37th World Scout Conferences and four Arab Scout Conferences. He is a member of the World Scouting GRTF (Governance Review Task Force) and has chaired delegations to more than ten regional and international youth events between 1982-2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19636313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636313" title="Economic satiation">
Economic satiation

The economic principle of satiation is the effect whereby the more of a good one possesses the less one is willing to give up in order to get more of it. This effect is caused by diminishing marginal utility, the effect whereby the consumer gains less utility per unit of a product the more units of a product he or she consumes.
For example if someone buys a can of cola they will enjoy it. If they then buy a second one they will enjoy it less, and so forth. It can continue to the point where drinking a can of cola becomes a negative experience, and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="19636334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636334" title="Xue E">
Xue E

Xue E (薛崿) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, briefly ruling Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, then headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) after the death of his brother Xue Song.
Nothing is known about Xue E's career under his brother or events before that. When Xue Song died in 773, after having ruled Zhaoyi Circuit effectively independently from the imperial government as its military governor ("Jiedushi"), Xue Song's subordinates initially wanted to support his 11-year-old son Xue Ping to succeed him. Xue Ping pretended to agree, but one night yielded his position to Xue E, took his family, and fled back to his home territory. Emperor Daizong made Xue E the acting military governor.
In 775, Tian Chengsi, who governed nearby Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) and who had long had designs on Zhaoyi, induced Xue E's subordinate Pei Zhiqing (裴志清) to rise against him. Xue E fled from Zhaoyi's headquarters at Xiang Prefecture (相州) to Ming Prefecture (洺州, in modern Handan), whose prefect Xue Jian (薛堅) was a relative, and made a petition to Emperor Daizong to allow him to report to the capital Chang'an. Emperor Daizong agreed, and when Xue E arrived at Chang'an, he wore mourning clothes and begged punishment from Emperor Daizong. Emperor Daizong did not punish him, however. There was no further historical records about Xue E's activities afterwards, and it is not known when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="19636341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636341" title="John Neysmith">
John Neysmith

John Neysmith of Canada is one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, and the former International Commissioner for Scouts Canada. Through his involvement with the World Bureau, he has had the opportunity to travel and observe Scouts Canada's Brotherhood Fund contributions at work. Under his direction, the Scouts Canada Brotherhood Fund raised money to buy a cow for a Street Scout group in Nairobi, and bought and installed computer systems for training Scouters in ten Southern African countries. In his capacities, he has travelled to Indonesia and Uganda, where he has worked with Extension Scouts (previously known as the Street Scouts program, active in Kenya, eastern Uganda and northern Tanzania).

</doc>
<doc id="19636369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636369" title="Countess Maria Carolina Zamoyska">
Countess Maria Carolina Zamoyska

Countess Maria Carolina Zamoyska (22 September 1896, Kraków, Poland – 9 May 1968, Marseille, France) was the wife of Prince Ranieri, Duke of Castro, claimant to the headship of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. Carolina was the sixth child and youngest daughter of Polish nobleman Andrzej Przemysław Zamoyski, Count Zamoyski and his wife Princess Maria Carolina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. Carolina's maternal grandparents were Prince Francis of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Trapani and his wife Archduchess Maria Isabella of Austria, Princess of Tuscany.
Marriage and issue.
Carolina married her first cousin Prince Ranieri of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, son of Prince Alfonso, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Antonietta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, on 12 September 1923 in Vyšné Ružbachy, Slovakia. Carolina and Ranieri had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19636379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636379" title="Belvoir (plantation)">
Belvoir (plantation)

Belvoir was the historic plantation and estate of colonial Virginia's prominent . It was situated on the west bank of the Potomac River in Fairfax County, Virginia at the present site of Fort Belvoir. The main house — called Belvoir Manor or Belvoir Mansion — burnt in 1783 and was completely destroyed during the War of 1812. The site has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1973 as "Belvoir Mansion Ruins and the Fairfax Grave".
History.
18th century.
Origins<br>
William Green's 1669 patent for encompassed most of the peninsula between Dogue Creek and Accotink Creek, along the Potomac River. Although this property was sub-divided and sold in the early 18th century, it was reassembled during the 1730s to create the central portion of Col. William Fairfax's plantation of Belvoir Manor.
Plantation house built<br>
Fairfax's elegant new home was completed in 1741. Historic documents and archeological artifacts found at Belvoir Manor both attest to the elegant lifestyle enjoyed by the Fairfax family. The mansion was described in a 1774 rental notice as spacious and well-appointed. Its furnishings consisted of "tables, chairs, and every other necessary article ... very elegant." The family imported ceramics from Europe and the Orient to grace its tables.
Planters such as William Fairfax comprised a small elite of Fairfax County's population; most of their neighbors were smaller farmers who sometimes barely managed to make a living. The affluence of such planters was based not only on land and imposing buildings, but on the number of slaves they held. Slaves are in the records-as chattel passed from one generation to another, and as the probable users of the plain unglazed ceramics found in the outbuildings of Belvoir Manor. After William Fairfax's death in 1757, the plantation passed to his eldest son George William Fairfax (1729–87).
Lord Fairfax and Washington visit<br>
Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron moved to Virginia between 1735 and 1737 to inspect and protect his lands. Lord Fairfax came to Belvoir, to help oversee his family estates in Virginia's Northern Neck Proprietary between the Rappahannock and Potomac rivers, inherited from his mother, Catharine, daughter of Thomas Culpeper, 2nd Baron Culpeper of Thoresway; and a great portion of the Shenandoah and South Branch Potomac valleys. The northwestern boundary of his Northern Neck Proprietary was marked by the Fairfax Stone at the headwaters of the North Branch Potomac River. In 1752, Lord Fairfax moved to Greenway Court in the valley of Virginia closer to his undeveloped land. George Washington accepted a surveying assignment for Lord Fairfax at Belvoir.
Fairfax's sister Anne married Lawrence Washington soon after her brother had wed. A young George Washington, Lawrence’s half-brother, began to visit Belvoir frequently. Wishing to advance his brother’s fortunes, Lawrence introduced George to George William. A friendship grew between the two men, despite the fact that George William was seven years' older. A relationship blossomed between Sally Fairfax and Washington. Washington and Bryan Fairfax, George William's younger half-brother, also became friends.
Abandonment<br>
When Fairfax left Belvoir for England in 1773, he had the estate rented to Rev. Andrew Morton for 7 years. Its furnishings were sold at auction in 1774. It was confiscated during the American Revolutionary War by the Virginia Act of 1779. In 1783, the mansion and several of its outbuildings were destroyed by fire, and the plantation complex gradually deteriorated into ruins. Ferdinando Fairfax, who inherited the property, apparently did not live there. The bluffs below the former mansion site were quarried for building stone, but the house site was not developed.
19th century.
Belvoir Plantation suffered further damage during the War of 1812. In August 1814, as British land forces attacked and burned the city of Washington, a British naval squadron sailed up the Potomac River and forced the surrender of Alexandria. The fleet began the return trip down river. On September 1, the British attempted to run the deep-water channel below the Belvoir house site, a position that previously had been identified as a strategic defensive location on the river. A hastily assembled American force, composed of Virginia and Alexandria militia under the command of U.S. Navy Captain David Porter, hurriedly began to mount a battery on the bluff above the river. For four days, British and American forces exchanged cannon and musket fire. The British fleet eventually passed the American positions, but British shells demolished what little was left of the old Belvoir Manor.
The association of Belvoir Plantation with the Fairfax family ended with the death of Ferdinando Fairfax in 1820. During the next decade, William Herbert of Alexandria acquired the property, which he quickly used as collateral for a loan. During the 1830s, Thomas Irwin, Herbert's creditor, operated the shad fisheries at White House Point. Herbert's continued inability to pay his debts eventually led to the sale of Belvoir at public auction in 1838.
All of the great 18th-century plantations in the Belvoir area changed considerably in the years before the Civil War. Soil exhaustion and inheritance prompted the sale and sub-division of these formerly expansive tracts of land. As a new generation of landowners took up residence in southeastern Fairfax County, patterns of land use and ownership were altered.
20th century.
In 1917, the Belvoir property was consolidated and ceded to the U.S. Army by Virginia, eventually lending its name to the modern military instillation of Fort Belvoir.
The Belvoir ruins are on the National Register of Historic Places (1973), but access is restricted since they are on the military post.

</doc>
<doc id="19636385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636385" title="Nkwenkwe Nkomo">
Nkwenkwe Nkomo

Nkwenkwe Nkomo of South Africa is the group deputy chairman of FCB SA, South Africa's largest marketing communication group, and chairperson of the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) of South Africa. He also served as one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement. As an anti-apartheid student activist in the 1970s, he was one of the so-called "SASO nine" imprisoned on Robben Island for six years.
Nkomo speaks nine South African languages. "That came through living in the township, not through a formal program," says Nkomo. Nkwenkwe is Xhosa for "little boy", and Nkomo means "cow", so his name means "cowboy".
Nkomo always wears a signature fez perched on his head.
South African Students' Organisation.
In the 1970s, Nkomo was active in opposition to the apartheid system in South Africa. He was a student leader in the South African Students' Organisation (SASO), which broke away from the National Union of South African Students (NUSAS), and a national organiser of the Black People's Convention. He and eight other SASO leaders (known as the "SASO nine") were arrested in 1974 and charged with "conspiring to overturn the state by unconstitutional means". The Black Consciousness leader Steve Biko testified at length in his defence, a year before Biko was beaten to death by security policemen. The accused (including Strini Moodley and Mosiuoa Lekota) were convicted and sentenced to prison. Nkomo spent two years in prison while on trial and six years on Robben Island, in the same prison as Nelson Mandela and many other anti-apartheid leaders.
Career in advertising.
NN, as he is known to colleagues, is the group deputy chairman of FCB SA, South Africa's largest marketing communication group. When he was released from prison on 20 December 1982, Len van Zyl of what was then Lindsay Smithers took him on as a junior copywriter. He rose to creative director, a position he held for seven years, before being appointed group deputy chairman in 1995. His core functions center on corporate transformation, new business development, key client contacts and industry matters.
In 2007, Nkomo was appointed chairperson of the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) of South Africa. He is also the deputy chairperson of the 2010 National Communication Partnership for the 2010 FIFA World Cup which will be hosted in South Africa.
Scouting.
He served two five-year terms as Chief Scout of South Africa, from 1996 to 2005, of which he says, "As Chief Scout I am chief servant". Nkwenkwe Nkomo was elected at the 37th World Scout Conference held September 2005 in Yasmine Hammamet, Tunisia, for a six-year term, along with five other members from a field of 15 candidates from around the world. Nkomo was the second South African to be elected to the World Scout Committee; Garnet de la Hunt was a member from 1996 to 2002 and held the post of Chairman of the committee.
Nkomo joined the Daveyton 7th Cub Scout pack in 1957, when there were four separate associations for whites, coloureds, Indians and blacks whose association was called "Pathfinders". He was chairman for several years of the Daveyton Residents Committee, which had a projects committee that identified needs in the area and raised funds for development. One of the requests presented to the committee was by the Scouts. When their presentation failed to meet standards, Nkomo helped them re-work their presentation, resulting in the committee's decision to build a Scout hall in the community. In 1991, he was approached by Colin Adcock, then chief executive of Toyota (one of Lindsay Smithers' clients) who had been asked to put together a marketing program for the South African Scout Association. He made a presentation to a Scout conference, and was then asked to "rejoin the movement", as Assistant Chief Scout. "One of the reasons I agreed to return to Scouting was the challenge to take it back to the community. Scouting is a premium youth movement, there to enable us, especially now, to move towards healing this country, to train leaders and empower people."

</doc>
<doc id="19636400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636400" title="Satsangi Jeevan">
Satsangi Jeevan

Satsangi Jeevan is the authorised biography of Swaminarayan. The book contains information on the life and teachings of Swaminarayan. IIt is written by Shatanand Swami and completed in 1829. Swaminarayan decided to make Gadhada his permanent residence on the insistence of Dada Khachar and his sisters. Upon completion of the Shri Swaminarayan Mandir, Gadhada in 1828, Swaminarayan instructed Shatanand Swami to write a book on his life and pastimes.
The book.
Satsangi Jeevan comprises 19,387 Shlokas among 360 Chapters, in 5 Volumes.
Volume 1 narrates the prologue and the circumstances leading to Swaminarayan taking birth. This volume then goes on to speak of his childhood, his journey across India as a teenager and the meeting of Swaminarayan (then known as Neelkanth Varni) with his guru, Ramanand Swami. The volume ends with Swaminarayan being appointed head of the Swaminarayan Sampraday.
In volume 2, Shatanand Swami describes Swaminarayan’s social upliftment of the masses, spiritual / religious / social guidance for their personal well being and visiting followers whilst moving through villages, towns & cities.
Volume 3 continues the narrations of Swaminarayan’s movements to teach the depths of Devotion with true observance of Dharma. It is in this volume that the construction of temples by Swaminarayan is first talked about.
Volume 4 commences with narrations of the scriptural recitals that Swaminrayan instructed. However, this volume is primarily revered for it’s intricate explanation of the Shikshapatri, the establishing of the Acharyaship and teachings specifically to the Acharyas.
Volume 5 is dedicated to personal religious activities of Swaminarayan in minute detail.
Meaning of Satsang.
In Satsangi Jeevan, Shatanand Swami mentions that merging the two terms, the meaning of Satsang is derived. The term "Sat" implies four significances:
1. God 
2. Saints who has entirely surrendered to God 
3. Dharma asserted by God Himself and his favorite saints, and 
4. The Scriptures wherein these three above mentioned are prescribed. 
In Vachanamrut, Swaminarayan commented on the term "sang". The association which is made by body, action, and mind is called "sang". When you put the two together you get Satsang. Jeevan means life, therefore the meaning of the title, "Satsangi Jeevan" is way of life for a Satsangi.
References.
Satsangi Jeevan Katha

</doc>
<doc id="19636403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636403" title="Bedlingtonshire Community High School">
Bedlingtonshire Community High School

Bedlingtonshire Community High School (BCHS) is a Maths and Computing College located in Bedlington, Northumberland in the North East of England. It is named after the former area of Bedlingtonshire, and the local area became Wansbeck district until 2009.
History.
It was founded in 1926 as Bedlington Secondary School for the areas of Bedlingtonshire, Ashington and Newbiggin, being built next to Bedlington railway station. Subsequently it became Bedlington Grammar School, before turning comprehensive in 1974. It gained Maths and Computing College status in 2009.
Admissions.
The school is situated in Bedlington Station, just west of the junction of the A189 and A1147, and near the A189 bridge over the River Blyth. All secondary schools in Northumberland have a sixth form.
Admissions are in Years 7 and 9 - Year 7 students come from the two feeder primary schools, Bedlington Station Primary School and Stead Lane Primary School; whilst Year 9 students come from the three tier system from Meadowdale Academy and Guidepost Middle School.
Sports.
The Sixth Form Football team are very successful, with thanks to Manager and Biology teacher Mr Jamie 'Jose' Bell who led them to glory in a 7-a-side tournament at TyneMet College.

</doc>
<doc id="19636414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636414" title="Shenandoah, Houston">
Shenandoah, Houston

Shenandoah is a subdivision in Houston, Texas, United States.
Shenandoah, located outside of the 610 Loop, inside Beltway 8, and south and east of U.S. Highway 59 (Southwest Freeway), is surrounded by a community of apartment complexes called Gulfton. Shenandoah's sections include Shenandoah 1, Shenandoah 2, Shenandoah 3, and SIGRID.
History.
Shenandoah, the first subdivision in the area, opened in the mid-1950s on former greenfield. Shenandoah had 16 blocks of ranch-style homes. The Shenandoah Civic Association opened in 1956; since the City of Houston has no zoning, the Shenandoah Civic Association's main goal is to enforce deed restrictions which regulate construction of housing and prevent businesses being operated from homes.
Robert Fisher and Lisa Taafe, authors of the 1997 article "Public Life in Gulfton: Multiple Publics and Models of Organization", said that the sudden demographic shifts in the late 1970s and 1980s "profoundly affected" Shenandoah as bars, warehouses, and nightclubs appeared next to Shenandoah houses. Many area apartment owners let their units decay from a lack of maintenance. The factors threatened Shenandoah property values, therefore the Shenandoah Civic Association added a security patrol, lobbied for the Houston City Council to end liquor licenses of bars adjacent to Shenandoah, engaged in neighborhood beautification, and supported the establishment of a Houston Police Department storefront in Gulfton. Generally the Shenandoah Civic Association did not involve itself in matters related to the apartments surrounding the subdivision.
In April 1992 Bob Lanier, the Mayor of Houston, named Gulfton as one of ten Houston neighborhoods targeted by a city revitalization program.
One aspect of Lanier's project consisted of building barricades around the Shenandoah subdivision to reduce traffic and crime; the Shenandoah Civic Association supported and pursued the street closures. The Gulfton Area Neighborhood Organization (GANO) opposed Shenandoah's barricading. All of the other advocacy groups, except for some GAAC members, opposed the closure. Members of the community groups said that the closure has racist motives, that the closures would not effectively control crime, that the city was not using funds wisely, and that the closures would harm local businesses.
Fisher and Taafe that the Shenandoah Civic Association was a conservative organization made of mostly middle class residents that aimed to maintain the neighborhood and its property values. Fisher and Taafe said that after Central American Refugee Center (CARECEN) merged into GANO, the combined organization was unlikely to cooperate with the Shenandoah Civic Club. In November 1995, when the Texas State Legislature established a juvenile crime prevention grant for Gulfton, GANO cooperated with the Shenandoah Civic Association to accomplish the goal.
Education.
Primary and secondary schools.
Shenandoah is within the Houston Independent School District.
Cunningham Elementary School serves Shenandoah I, Shenandoah II, and Shenandoah III. Braeburn Elementary School serves SIGRID. Shenandoah is zoned to Jane Long Middle School (with Pin Oak Middle School as an option) and Lee High School (with Lamar and Westside high schools as options).
Cunningham Elementary School opened in 1953, Braeburn Elementary School opened in 1956, Long Middle School opened in 1958, and Lee High School opened in 1962. In the early 2000s Braeburn served sections of Shenandoah I and Shenandoah II and all of Shenandoah III and Sigrid, while Cunningham served sections of Shenandoah I and Shenandoah II. When Westside opened in 2000, residents of the Lee attendance boundary gained the option to attend Westside instead of Lee, with no free transportation provided.

</doc>
<doc id="19636446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636446" title="Hopton Hall">
Hopton Hall

Hopton Hall is an 18th-century country house at Hopton, near Wirksworth, Derbyshire. It is a Grade II listed building.
The Manor of Hopton, anciently the seat of the de Hopton family, was acquired by the Gell family in 1553 by Ralph Gell (1491–1564) who also purchased lands at Darley Abbey and Rocester.
John Gell was created a baronet in 1642 (see Gell baronets).
The Baronetcy was extinct in 1719 and the estate passed to John Eyre who changed his name to Gell. 
The house has its origins in the 16th century when it was built by Thomas Gell as a two-storey, three-bay manor house. It was extended and remodelled by Philip Gell in the late 18th century. The north entrance front has three storeys and seven bays, flanked by tower wings with pyramidal roofs.
Notable members of the Gell family include Philip Gell's younger brother, Admiral John Gell and Philip's son Sir William Gell.
Philip Gell's daughter and heiress, married William Pole Thornhill MP, on whose death the estate passed to his kinsman Henry Pole, later known as Henry Chandos-Pole-Gell (High Sheriff of Derbyshire) in 1886.
The estate of some was broken up in the 20th century. A major part was sold to a water authority for the creation of Carsington Reservoir. The house passed out of the family in 1995.
The present owners have opened their formal gardens and lake to the public during the summer. There are approximately of signposted paths.

</doc>
<doc id="19636451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636451" title="Jerzy Robert Nowak">
Jerzy Robert Nowak

Jerzy Robert Nowak (born 8 September 1940) is a Polish historian, publicist, and conservative political activist. 
During the time of the People's Republic of Poland, he was a journalist, employee of the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and activist of the Democratic Party between 1981 and 1991. 
In the years 1970-1976, he was registered as an informant (kontakt operacyjny) of communist secret police Służba Bezpieczeństwa.
After the fall of communism, he became involved with the deeply conservative Catholic Radio Maryja radio station, he is known as one of the strongest Polish critics of Jan T. Gross.
His research and publications are centered around anti-Polonism and Polish-Jewish history and relations.

</doc>
<doc id="19636471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636471" title="Gualtiero Zanolini">
Gualtiero Zanolini

Gualtiero Zanolini of Italy was one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement.
After many years of effort by Zanolini, the Interreligious Scout Forum, which coordinates religious denominations in consultative status with WOSM, held the first World Scout Interreligious Symposium in Valencia, Spain, from 29 November to 2 December 2003 through support from members of the Movimiento Scout Católico.
Zanolini is a price statistician at the Istituto Nazionale di Statistica, the Italian National Statistics Institute, and has presented before the International Working Group on Price Indices.

</doc>
<doc id="19636496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636496" title="Bandish (film)">
Bandish (film)

Bandish (aka Bandhish) (English translation: "Restriction") is a 1980 Hindi film directed by K. Bapaiah and starring Rajesh Khanna, Hema Malini and Danny Denzongpa.
The movie is a commercial attempt by D. Rama Naidu, who had earlier produced Prem Nagar with the same lead pair on 1974. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal.
Plot.
Kishan (Rajesh Khanna) a college student is taught a lesson in humility by fellow student, Madhu (Hema Malini). He undergoes a dramatic change in outlook and falls in love with her. But his joy is short-lived as Kapilkumar (Danny Denzongpa) kills Madhu and Kishan is devastated. He then starts practsing medicine in a small village where he meets Chanchal (Hema Malini), who looks same as Madhu. Both are drawn towards each other but a problem lies ahead for them.
Reception.
The box office collections were Rs. 2.90 crores in 1980. It received four stars in the Bollywood guide Collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19636507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636507" title="Up Sunday">
Up Sunday

Up Sunday was a British late night comedy satire TV show shown on BBC2 that ran for 55 editions over four series from January 1972 to December 1973, featuring many comedy stars of its era.
It was a spin-off from the arts discussion show "Late Night Line-Up", and created by its Programme Editor, the late Mike Hill. Initially the show featured the "long, rambling topical reflections" of Willie Rushton and James Cameron. These were later pruned, and the cast enlarged to feature the likes of Clive James, Kenny Everett and John Wells. All broadcast late on a Sunday night. Wells said the show was "aimed at dirty minded insomniacs". The cast enacted the roles of newscasters, celebrities, pedestrians, and innocent bystanders.
Described by the "Off The Telly" site as "a haphazard but worthwhile review of the week with plenty of above average material and a small but loyal audience". The show was very low-budget, and considered the very "last gasp" of the sixties satire boom, featuring many of that movement's key figures. The show later broadened its talent base to go into wider and more surrealist areas.
Guests included Peter Sellers, Eric Idle, Sir John Betjeman, Spike Milligan, Ivor Cutler, Eleanor Bron, Barry Humphries, John Fortune, Max Wall, Richard Murdoch, Roy Hudd, Vivian Stanshall, Percy Edwards, Adge Cutler and The Wurzels. The show also contained musical spots, like folk singer Jake Thackray singing "Brother Gorilla" and "Little Black Foal".
Preparations for the show were very loose, often with scripts being thought up at the last minute or not at all. The show had a "laid back" running order, so items could be included or dropped. Many guest appearances were down to them being friends of the cast. Sketches included "Inspector Poirot Investigates", featuring John Fortune, Percy Edwards, John Wells as Adolf Hitler and Peter Sellers.
It also had two specials, "Up The Channel" and "Up Christmas". During the preparation for the latter, ex-"Bonzo Dog Band" front man Vivian Stanshall appeared as a drunk Santa Claus, appearing out of a hamper, brandishing a Bloody Mary at the camera, before he fell over, cut his hand on the glass, and blood sprayed all over the white studio floor. According to Eric Idle, the show was made "not by the Light Entertainment Department but by Presentation, which would just make announcements and say 'Here on BBC-2 ...'"
The series spawned two spin-off shows. The first, "The End of the Pier Show" in 1974, with John Wells, John Fortune, Carl Davis, Madeline Smith, Peter Sellers, John Laurie, Ivor Cutler and John Bird. Considered highly innovative at the time, it was the first TV programme to mix cartoons with live performance. The second spin-off was "In The Looking Glass" in 1978. Both were produced by Mike Hill. The show was also influential in the creation of "Rutland Weekend Television".
See also.
Late Night Line Up - 1972

</doc>
<doc id="19636531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636531" title="Maurice Machenbaum">
Maurice Machenbaum

Maurice Machenbaum of Switzerland (born August 7, 1970 [http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=728742298&v=info&viewas=713770169]) was the appointed treasurer of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, from 2007 to 2013. He is a social development and project management expert as well as a philanthropy advisor.
Machenbaum has been a Cub Scout leader, Scout Group leader, trainer of Cub Scout leaders and founder of Scout groups of street children (boys and girls) in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. He participated in the 1995, 1999, 2007 and 2011 World Jamborees, among other international events.
Machenbaum is a Swiss citizen, a graduate in Law with a Master's degree in Humanitarian Action from the University of Geneva. He started his career in 1994 as Street Educator with the non-governmental organization Casa Alianza in Honduras, an international NGO dedicated to the defense and rehabilitation of street children in Central America and Mexico. In 1995, he became Assistant to the Executive Director for Latin America and in 1998, he founded Casa Alianza in Nicaragua and became its Program Director. He was subsequently in charge of research on the topic of child soldiers at the International Committee of the Red Cross. In 2000 he became Program Director for Latin America and the Caribbean for Terre des hommes Lausanne, Switzerland's largest independent child-focused NGO. In 2004 Machenbaum and a friend founded WISE [http://www.wise.net], a philanthropy advisor company, which facilitates links between wealthy individuals and social entrepreneurs. He is currently its executive director.
He was also member of the board of Médecins du Monde Switzerland from 2010 to 2013 and currently sits on the boards of Cansearch Foundation [http://www.cansearch.ch (Children's cancer research) and Swiss Philanthropy Foundation [http://www.swissphilanthropy.ch/en/index.php].

</doc>
<doc id="19636563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636563" title="Jill Bialosky">
Jill Bialosky

Jill Bialosky (born in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American poet, book editor, and novelist.
She studied at Ohio University and received an M.A. in Writing Seminars at Johns Hopkins University, as well as an M.F.A. from the University of Iowa. She is the author of the poetry collections, "The End of Desire", "Subterranean", and "Intruder", published by Alfred A. Knopf. Her poems have appeared in journals such as The Paris Review, American Poetry Review, The Kenyon Review, The New Yorker, and The Atlantic Monthly. She is also the author of two novels, "House Under Snow" and "The Life Room", and is an editor at W. W. Norton. Bialosky's memoir of her sister Kim's 1990 suicide, "A History of a Suicide: My Sister's Unfinished Life", was published in 2011. Insightful and maturely crafted, the memoir probes "the possibility of a genetic susceptibility to suicide, and examines the question of how any young person can really know he or she wants to die"
She has written the novels "The Life Room" and "House Under Snow" (2003).
Bialosky lives in New York City with her husband and son.

</doc>
<doc id="19636577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636577" title="Oscar Palmquist">
Oscar Palmquist

Oscar Victor Palmquist Arias of Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil (born December 6, 1963 is one of 12 elected volunteer members of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, Vice Chairman of the World Scout Conference "Curitiba-Brazil 2011" Organizing Committee and member of the International Relations Committee. He was elected at the 38th World Scout Conference in South Korea for a six-year term. Palmquist has acquired a wide experience covering 79 countries and five continents. In his job, Palmquist visits an average of 11 countries per year on several continents. Presently he is the chairman of the MTF Membership review task force and Chairman of the Global Support Priority Area.
Palmquist joined Scouting in 1975 at the age of 11, and at 16 earned the "Escoteiro da Pátria", comparable to the Eagle Scout rank in the Boy Scouts of America. He was twice President of the Brazilian Youth Forum, and was elected Vice-President of the Interamerican Youth Forum in Chile in 1980. In 1985, he received his Wood Badge and became a Wood Badge training director in 1987. In 1992, he was the youngest national board member ever elected, and in 1993 became Director for International Relations. From 1995 to 1998, Palmquist served as Vice-President of the União dos Escoteiros do Brasil. In 2000 he was elected a member of the Interamerican Scout Foundation Board of Trustees. He served as the International Commissioner for the Brazilian Scout Association from 1993 to 2007, and first Vice-Chairman of the Interamerican Scout Committee from 2004 to 2007. Palmquist worked on several projects such as the creation of the Comunidade do Escutismo Lusófono.
Palmquist was the Brazilian contingent leader to four World Scout Jamborees, and the contingent leader at three Pan-American Jamborees and the Centro-American Camporee.
He has been honored with more than 20 awards and medals from Brazil, Malaysia, South Korea, Asia Pacific, Portugal, Scotland, Mexico and Japan, including the gold Saint George's Cross in 1999, the Silver Eagle from Mexico in 2007, and the "Tapir de Prata" medal (the highest Scouting award of Brazil) in 2008. He was awarded the Mayor of the City of São Paulo Gold Medal for Community Services in 2006.
In 1987 Palmquist graduated in Electronic Engineering at Pontifícia Universidade Católica in Porto Alegre, Brazil and in 2007 he finished his MBA at University of Redlands California, with emphasis in Global Business at Cambridge University in England. He also participated in semonars at IMD Business School from Lausanne Switzerland.
In 1993 Palmquist started work with Georg Fischer, located in Switzerland, was Vice President for all Latin American Operations, President of Georg Fischer Mexico, and business development for Shipbuilding. He worked with plastic piping systems for water treatment, gas distribution, life sciences, automotive, and semiconductors. In 2008 Oscar Palmquist became the Senior Vice-President for the Americas of Simona AG Plastics from Germany and in 2012 the General Manager for Plasson in Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="19636583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636583" title="Girk">
Girk

Girk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636588" title="Kirna">
Kirna

Kirna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636593" title="Colonia Juárez, Mexico City">
Colonia Juárez, Mexico City

Colonia Juarez is one of the better–known neighborhoods or colonias in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City. The neighborhood is shaped like a long triangle with the boundaries: Paseo de la Reforma on the north, Avenida Chapultepec on the south, and Eje 1 Poniente (Bucareli Street) on the east.
It is located between the historic center of Mexico City and the Chapultepec Park area, just south of the Paseo de la Reforma, which is one of Mexico’s main commercial districts and its financial center. Since it was established in the late 19th century and early 20th as a haven for the wealthy leaving the city center, the colonia has been in near constant change. Most of the mansions built in the early part of its history have either been abandoned, converted into businesses or been taken over by squatters. However, it has had a cosmopolitan and intellectual reputation since its founding, which was reinforced with the influx of artists and intellectuals in the 1960s. The area has suffered deterioration since the 1980s, due to the 1985 Mexico City earthquake and other factors, but there have been efforts to return the area’s former prestige, including tourism promotion, historic conservation efforts and the urbanization of areas close to Paseo de la Reforma.
The best known area of the colonia is Zona Rosa (Pink Zone) which is a tourist attraction for its artistic and intellectual reputation and is home to Mexico City’s gay community. It is also home to “Little Seoul,” center of the city’s Korean immigrant population.
History.
In the 1860s, this area was shallow lake waters and swamp and was almost completely uninhabited. However, one reason that the city eventually expanded this way was the decision by Empress Carlota to build a road to connect the Castle of Chapultepec to the downtown of the city. The road was designed by Austrian engineer Allois Bollan Kuhmackl in 1865 with its trajectory recommended by the emperor. Its use was exclusive to the emperor and his retinue. When Republican forces overthrew the emperor, this avenue was named Paseo Degollado. A few years later, it received its current name. Between 1872 and 1876, President Lerdo de Tejada widened the road to its current dimensions and opened it to the public in 1877. 
In the very late 19th century and early 20th century, the historic center of Mexico City was deteriorating as its colonial and Baroque buildings came to be seen as antiquidated. Many of the city’s elite moved to new neighborhoods being constructed in the western suburbs along Paseo de la Reforma. Around the 1880s, the city had west past Colonia Santa Maria de la Ribera, enveloping the areas where now are found the streets named Donato Guerra, Antonio Caso, Balderas, Chapultepec and Bucareli. Just beyond this around 1887, there were still groves and cornfields; however, soon to be built were the streets named Roma, Milán, Lucerna, Dinamarca, Hamburgo, Londres, Berlín, Río Neva, Río Amazonas and Avenida de los Insurgentes, which form the heart of Colonia Juarez. Many of the new streets were named after European capital due to early resident and ex-consulate of Mexico Ricardo García Granado, as his children had been born in some of these cities as he performed his diplomatic duties.
Originally, the area now known as Colonia Juárez consisted of four colonias established in the mid-19th century: Los Arquitectos, Bucareli, Del Paseo and Nuea del Paseos. Much of this area was lakebed that was in process of drying up; in fact at the beginning of the 20th century, there were still gulleys with water in them, most of which were around what is now the Cuauhtemoc traffic circle. The four colonias would officially be unified in 1906, under the name of Colonia Benito Juárez García, but the area was unofficially known as Colonia Americana for some time before that.
At the end of the 19th century, this area became a favorite getaway for the wealthy elite of Mexico City, who began to build country houses here, to be close to the Chapultepec forest. Many foreigners also located here, due to the presence of a number of embassies. However, because these houses were built in an orderly fashion along straight streets, the area soon lost its country look. The city government initially tried to halt the development by the area but extending and raising property taxes, but it did not work. The area became the most exclusive in Mexico City, as wealthy families sought to create a European mode of living. The first residents of the new colonia were those who made their fortunes in land speculation, haciendas in other parts of Mexico, mines, banks, oil and railroads. Many of the buildings had French influence, which was popular at the time, which even included mansard roofs, despite the fact that it never snows here. Because many of the houses on Londres Street in the east part of the colonia had these mansard roofs, the area was popularly known as Colonia Limantour, for this and the presence of one of the most important people to live here, José Ives Limantour, the then Minister of Taxation. Prices for land in the colonia rose rapidly from 50 cents per unit in 1872 to $25 in 1903. This was one of the first residential areas of the city to have electricity. This allowed residents the luxury of staying up late, and began the area’s reputation as a night spot, as residents went out for coffee and other socializing spaces nearby.
During the regime of Porfirio Díaz, the area was filled with restaurants, cafes, bakeries and plazas were people gathered to socialize during evenings and weekends. One early prominent location was the Hotel Emporio on Paseo de la Reforma, which had tea rooms and cafes, attracting some of the wealthiest families in the city. Another similar locale was the Hotel Imperial, which also had various stores. Both buildings still exist and the Emporio conserves most of its original facade. Another famous hotel was the Hotel Reforma. It was home to a bar called “Ciro’s” during the 1940s and 1950s, where Pedro Infante began his career; María Félix visited and Agustín Lara gave concerts. It has since been demolished for redevelopment.
When the colonia was built, a large number of sculptures were added to the public areas, especially on Paseo de la Reforma. Lining both sides are statues honoring writers, political leaders, and others. One prominent sculpture is that of Cuauhtémoc, for which neighboring Colonia Cuauhtémoc was named. Another is a monument to Christopher Columbus, which was a gift from Antonio Escandon.
The most famous section of Colonia Juarez, Zona Rosa, began as development by Rafael Martínez de la Torre, which he envisioned as a satellite city away from Mexico City catering to the wealthy. At his death in 1882, the project stagnated until Salvador Malo acquired the rights to the area and participated in creating a district council for it. Work on developing this area faltered again until the early 20th century when the México City Improvement Company and the Chapultepec Land Improvement Company took over. 
The Mexican Revolution brought the upscale and international community here to an end, as it represented the Porfirian era. Many of the houses here were abandoned and some, such as the one belonging to Francisco I. Madero were burned during a Decena Trágica in 1913. After the war was over, a number of these mansions were appropriated by the government to house institutions such as the Secretary of Health, now Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social .
By the mid-20th century, the semi rural colonia was soon engulfed by the rapidly expanding city. Many of its first residents then moved to new neighborhoods such as Lomas de Chapultepec, Polanco and Colonia Del Valle. The older houses, especially in the Zona Rosa area, began to be converted into businesses. However, it still remained upscale with the wedding of Alex Berger to María Félix occurring at an Art Nouveau mansion at Londres #6 in 1956 (today the Wax Museum). 
In the 1960s, artists and writers from the La Ruptura movement such as José Luis Cuevas, Carlos Monsiváis Aceves, Carlos Fuentes and José Agustin moved into the Zona Rosa area. This group gave the area its name because it was “too red to be white and too white to be red,” meaning that it tolerated some vice but not too much. In 1967, Cuevas, in an act which was reported by various local stations, created a mural on a roof in Zona Rosa which he destroyed seconds after he finished, as a protest against the social and political content of post- Revolution Mexican muralism .
The presence of artists and intellectuals in the area prompted the opening of bookstores and art galleries. The colonia hosted other names such as Guadalupe Amor, Manuel Felguérez, Lilia Carrillo, Alfonso Suarez del Real and Elena Poniatowski . These people brought a new wave in internationalism to the area and made the area popular with international tourists to Mexico City. This spurred more development in the way of restaurants, handcraft markets, antiques, nightclubs and more, not all of which was upscale. In the late 1980s into the 1990s, restaurants and bars displaced art galleries and other cultural establishments, but this did not diminish the area’s popularity with tourists.
The Colonia retained its intellectual and artistic reputation from the 1960s to the late 1980s. However, the 1985 Mexico City earthquake damaged many buildings in the area and devastated a number such as Plaza Washington. This and a severe economic crisis started a process of deterioration, with many residents moving out.(lacustre) Street peddlers have significantly increased in number and many of the damaged structures are inhabited by squatters or have been converted into tenements, with absentee landlords that did not bother to collect the long-frozen rents. Most of the stately homes still in good condition have been converted into businesses such as nightclubs. Residents complain that infrastructure, especially lighting, has not been sufficiently maintained, leading to crime.
Until recently, Zona Rosa has remained popular with tourists although this has waned somewhat with the area’s deterioration. Tourism has been both a blessing and a curse to the area. It has attracted big names such as Paul McCartney, to stay here, but it has caused damaged and vandalism to sites. One major incident of this type when British soccer fans caused damage in 1985,leading to the destruction of the Calinda Geneve Hotel. Another was a more recent boycott of Jewish businesses by anti-Zionists.
Soon after their installation, the parking meters paid for major reconstruction work on Havre Street. Major sidewalk, pedestrian street and garden area reconstruction was undertaken in the Zona Rosa area in the mid-to-late first decade of the 21st century, after 20 years of no maintenance.
Colonia Juárez today.
Today, the colonia, especially the Zona Rosa area, is a mix of wealth and poverty, old and new with many conflicting changes. New construction, most of it tall office and apartment buildings are going up along Paseo de la Reforma, with predictions that this will return the area to its former prestige. In the interior, new boutiques, restaurants, bars and nightclubs continue to open. The deterioration process from the 1980s has been partially reverted by city efforts in conservation of older buildings and tourism promotion. The colonia has thirteen branches of banks that offer international services such as currency exchange. There are also several language schools, clothing stores, malls, a crafts mall, international cuisine, museums, art galleries and hotels. Shopping and hotel options range from the very expensive to the very affordable. The 240-room Four Seasons Hotel is the most upscale hotel and restaurant in the area. The Champs Elysees is a restaurant with more than 40 years in business, located on Paseo de la Reforma between Estocolmo and Amberes streets. Its specialty is French food such as foie gras and duck confit. It has hosted the families of a number of Mexican presidents. Some of the oldest and most exclusive restaurants include Focolare, founded in 1953, La Gondola, founded in 1958 and Passy, also founded in 1958. However, the area also hosts a large number of fast food restaurants such as McDonald’s, Burger King, Dunkin’ Donuts and Little Caesar’s Pizza. 
The colonia is one of the busiest in the city. Each day, 440,000 people enter the area to work, shop, wander around or visit the many restaurants and nightclubs in the 2,100 business and offices located here. Due to severe parking problems, 4,500 meters were installed in the colonia in 1998, which earn 8 million pesos each year. Sidewalks and sometimes streets are blocked by tables from restaurants and street vendors, making passage for the crowds difficult.
However, the area still has significant problems. It is not unusual to see limousines, young people in punk attire, foreign tourists, drug addicts, panhandlers, businesspeople and more all on the same street. Since the 1980s, the population of the colonia has declined to under 9,000 people at the beginning of the 21st century. Neighborhood leaders claim that the deterioration of businesses, especially the proliferation of men’s clubs and infrastructure is the cause. Some of the businesses that have been targeted as causing problems include La Michelada, El Keops, El Manhattan and El Pecado. In addition, street peddlers block sidewalks and streets, this issue is most problematic on Londres, Hamburgo, Abraham Gonzalez, Toledo and Liverpool streets. Many street vendors now have permanent stands. Some residents also complain about auto part stores on Abraham Gonzalez, Barcelona and Versalles streets. Street vendors have been removed from streets on occasion, but eventually they return.
The colonia has 99 blocks, many with historical buildings, but only five blocks have buildings which have been renovated and preserved. Some of the abandoned buildings include the former headquarters for the Cuauhtémoc borough and have been invaded by squatters since the 1960s and 1970s. In the first decade of the 21st century, the borough neglected much of the repair and maintenance work in the area, forcing the Comité Vecinal de la Colonia Juárez (the neighborhood committee) and the Asociación de Comerciantes de la Zona Rosa (local business association) to take over former city services such as repairing sidewalks, changing lights, maintaining green areas and trash bins. Much of this is paid for with income from local parking meters.
Since the 1990s, tourism has fallen in the area, mostly due to petty crime and “hooligans” . Crime problems have lowered hotel residency rates. The Nuestra Señora del Sagrado Corazón is located on the corner of Genova and Paseo de la Reforma. It suffered two thefts of religious images, one of Saint Charbel and the other called the “Virgen del Cobre” (Copper Virgin) in 2008. Male prostitution began in the area in 1995 and is mostly located on Hamburgo and Varsovia streets. Female prostitution is located mostly in three houses located on Dublin, Hamburgo and Chapultepec streets. Small scale drug trafficking is common, with merchandise hidden in telephone booths, garden areas and street vendor stalls. It is often advertised by people passing out flyers with the names of non-existent businesses in the State of Mexico. To combat crimes such as muggings, a special squad of “tourist police” now patrol the area, especially on less-travelled streets such as Praga, Toledo and Burdeos.
The divide between rich and poor can be seen in areas such as Atenas Street. Here, next to the Palacio de Covian, the site of the Secretary of the Government, there is a building damaged by the 1985 earthquake in which nine families live illegally. These families do not pay rent and the owner wants to evict them. These families earn money by selling crafts on the sidewalks in the colonia or by washing clothes. There are families that live on the streets here who survive on 20 pesos a day.
In many locations, the inability to recover from the events of the 1980s can still be seen. One building nearly in ruins from the 1985 earthquake stands on Praga Street on the corner of Chapultepec; another is on Londres Street near the Museo de Cera. On Amberes Street, between Londres and Liverpool, there are a number of tenements, which are not maintained and owners do not bother to collect the tenants’ frozen rents.
New construction, especially along Paseo de la Reforma continues the trend from residential to commercial, with fifty one of its 99 blocks having been urbanized. This construction is raising the reputation of the area once again, with hopes of returning its prestige.
Architecture and landmarks.
The colonia is home to a number of architectural styles which date from between the 19th and 20th centuries to the present. Most of the finer mansions are located on the east side of the colonia with a few on Paseo de la Reforma. A number of styles can be seen on Havre Street and the area around Giodano Bruno Plaza. The oldest structures date to the founding of the colonia. Decorative features of these homes include large stairways, multiple levels, tall windows and elements of French design, mostly based on the Baroque of Louis XIII, Louis XIV and Louis XV, including mascarons, crests and floral designs. Many have facades of tezontle, gray sandstone and even marble. The interiors generally had pastel colors and gilded accents similar to those of pre-Revolution France. Many of these houses were built by European-trained architects . mostly inspired by French and Italian designs, with occasional English influence. The streets here are wider than many others in the city. 
A number of former mansions and other structures from the area’s early history continue to exist, some, such as those on Berlin and Versalles Streets are well preserved. Others such as Versalles 52, is filled with squatters and still others contain businesses such as the funeral home at Versalles 50. Originally this funeral home was a country villa whose architecture was inspired by that of Renaissance Italy and France. The building features intricate glasswork, a tile roof, cornices, balconies and reliefs on the doors. Next to this is another villa which houses a bar called La Tirana and a discothèque called La Estacion. In both these buildings, the original interiors are gone, but the facades remain. Another well preserved area is the “Colonia del Buen Tono” area defined by Bucareli, Turin, Abraham Gonzalez and Barcelona streets, where businessman Ernesto Pugibet, “the Carlos Slim of his era”, built housing for his employees in accordance to his religious beliefs. This housing complex is divided only by three private and quiet streets called Calle Mascota, Calle Ideal and Calle Gardenia, in contrast to the streets that surround the area.
The twin museums of Ripley’s and Museo de Cero are located on Londres Street. The Museo de Cero or Wax Museum is housed in a mansion designed by Antonio Rivas Mercado, who also designed the Angel of Independence monument on Paseo de la Reforma. The Ripley’s Museum (Museo Ripley's "Aunque usted no lo crea!")in Mexico City houses 300 rarities from among the collection of such its founder, Robert Ripley, collected during twenty years of his life. These include wine made infused with rat fetuses (Tianshuzaichiew), a sculpture of the tallest man in the world (Robert Wadlow) photographs of people and other artifacts. The Mexico City branch of the museum was established in 1992 in a structure shaped like a medieval castle and is one of 17 such museums in the world, but the only in Latin America. The museum is located at Londres #4 and #6. It is joined with the Museo de la Cera.
On Londres Street is an abandoned mansion which served as the embassy of the Spanish Republican government during the Spanish Civil War. When Mexico became the only nation to continue recognizing the Republican government, it became the headquarters for the government-in-exile. Next to it is the Sagrado Corazon de Jesus Church, built by the Hungarian immigrant community on Giordano Bruno Plaza, in which the aristocracy of the late 19th and early 20th centuries attended mass.
The house of Francisco I. Madero was at Liverpool 25 on the corner with Berlin. The house was burned by Victoriano Huerta after he took power during the Decena Trágica in 1913. It is a narrow building with a pitched roof. There is a plaque on the buildings to commemorate the event.
Other notable sites in the area include the Benjamin Franklin Library, and the Mexican Social Security Institute (IMSS) building.
Economy.
The telecommunications company Cablemás and the airline Magnicharters have their headquarters in Colonia Juárez.
Zona Rosa.
The Zona Rosa area began as a subdivision for the wealthy in the late 19th century located on the far west side of what is now Colonia Juárez. Today, Zona Rosa comprises 24 of the colonia’s 99 city blocks, and shares the rest of the area’s architecture and streets named after European cities. The area received its current name from artist José Luis Cuevas in the 1960s, who declared that it was “too fearful to be a red zone” (a zona roja or red zone in Spanish is an area were vices such as prostitution, alcohol and drugs are tolerated) .
While the area was dominated by upscale boutique and galleries until the 1980s, since then many of these businesses have given way to men’s clubs, gay bars and nightclubs, massage parlors, making the area a truly “red zone” . However, businesses of all types, from upscale boutiques and antique shops to fast food restaurants all exist here. The area has 714 businesses, 137 of which are restaurants with 100,000 people per day passing through.
One prominent street is Genova Street, a pedestrian mall lined with eateries, 13 of which own areas on the street on which to put tables. Here, dozens of people handing out flyers stop pedestrians and drivers advertising gay bars and men’s clubs, some of which operate illegally. It is also the site of the Corridor de Arte José Luis Cuevas, which occurs on weekends when an average of forty artists display their works for sale. On this street area around forty sculptures created by young artists of the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plasticas of UNAM. This effort was partially sponsored by the Rotary Club of Zona Rosa.
Another prominent area is Amberes Street, home to Mexico City’s gay community. Homosexuality on this street and the rest of Zona Rosa is fairly open with hand holding and kissing among same-sex couples. During Gay Pride, the nightclubs, discothèques and bars of Zona Rosa fill with members of the LGBT community starting at midday. Many businesses, whether they cater to gay people or not, decorate with rainbow colored balloons, streamers and other items. Despite the crowds police presence is not significantly heightened. The parade marches along Paseo de la Reforma from Puerta de los Leones to the Glorieta de la Palma, with the entire stretch completely closed to traffic for the event. The city have even participated offering free AIDS tests to attendees. However, not all residents and business owners are happy with the area’s gay reputation. Some business owners complain that open displays of affection drives away tourists and other visitors. While male and female prostitution exists in Zona Rosa, there have been complaints of the prostitution of minors, despite efforts since the 1990s to eradicate it. However, some in the gay community state that the prostitution of minors is not the issue that neighbors say it is, rather, the problem some have is that there is a gay community here.
In 2005, the city created the Reforma-Centro Historico tourist route to connect the two areas; Zona Rosa and the historic center, and increase tourism in both.
Korean community.
There are an estimated 9,000 Korean nationals living in Mexico City. Most immigrated to Mexico in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century, as a result of commercial agreements signed by the Mexican government and those of Korea and Taiwan, allowing companies such as Daewoo to bring workers over from Asia. However, according to some sources, such as Alfredo Romero, professor of the Faculty of Political and Social Sciences at UNAM, a large percentage of Koreans living in Mexico have questionable immigration status.
Most of Mexico City’s Korean population lives in and around Zona Rosa. According to the newspaper "Reforma", there are at least 1,000 Koreans living in Zona Rosa and about 3,000 total in Colonia Juárez. Many Korean residents do not speak Spanish and are relatively isolated from their Mexican neighbors. The area around Hamburgo, Praga, Berna and Biarritz streets have converted into “Pequeño Seul,” or Little Seoul, with Biarritz Street’s residents almost 90% Korean. The number of Korean residents in the colonia continues to increase even as the number of younger people in general decreases. 
Most Koreans are business owners with establishments such as restaurants, video rental places, bars and saunas, many of which cater exclusively to the Korean population, with signs and menus in Korean. There have been conflicts between Korean-owned businesses and Mexican neighbors over noise and sanitation issues, with some Mexicans complaining that the Koreans do not want to adapt to Mexican society. Another issue has been legal problems, both with the status of merchandise and the status of employees. A store owned by Koreans was shut down by police for selling imported merchandise of questionable origin in 2002, with 33 workers detained.

</doc>
<doc id="19636601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636601" title="Velázquez Press">
Velázquez Press

Velázquez Press is the publisher of "Velázquez Spanish and English Dictionary".
History.
"Velázquez Spanish and English Dictionary" was first published in 1852 by D. Appleton and Company in New York. The title was "Seoanne's Neuman & Barett's Spanish Pronouncing Dictionary". Mariano Velazquez de la Cadena, a renowned linguist and professor at Columbia University, composed the dictionary based on "The Spanish Dictionary of Spanish Academy, Terreros, and Salva" and "English Dictionary of Webster, Worcester and Walker".
"Velázquez Spanish and English Dictionary" is the oldest Spanish and English Dictionary still being published in the United States. Throughout the years, "Velázquez Spanish and English Dictionary" has been licensed to various publishers, from Follett Corporation to Simon & Schuster. It is widely used in the United States and many Latin American countries.
In 2003 Academic Learning Company, LLC acquired "Velázquez Spanish and English Dictionary" and launched Velázquez Press. Since then, Velázquez Press has published many Spanish and English dictionaries, from the only hardcover Velázquez Large Print Spanish and large print English Dictionary.
In 2008, Velázquez Press released its dictionary content online for free use. It also licensed its content to many websites such as SpanishDict.com.
Products.
In 2008, Velázquez Press began creating products to help Spanish-speaking English Language Learners. Recognizing that many Spanish-speaking immigrants lack the vocabulary or language skills to understand classroom content, the company launched a line of subject-specific glossaries for students to use in the classroom, at home, and on state standardized testing. Velázquez Press has created subject-specific glossaries for math, science, social studies, and language arts. 
Seal of Biliteracy.
In 2010, Velázquez Press launched its Seal of Biliteracy Recognition Program. The program is designed to encourage biliteracy in Spanish and English and reward students who achieve proficiency in both languages. Employers may also use the Seal of Biliteracy as a standard for bilingual abilities in potential employees. The program is part of the company's greater campaign to address alarming dropout rates among Latino high school students, with nearly 3 in every 10 Latino students dropping out according to a CNN report.
Schools and districts that have implemented the program include Azusa High School, Sierra Madre High School, Baldwin Park High School, and Los Angeles Unified School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19636624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636624" title="Elizabeth de Bohun">
Elizabeth de Bohun

Lady Elizabeth de Bohun, Countess of Arundel, Countess of Surrey (c. 1350 – 3 April 1385) was a member of the Anglo-Norman Bohun family, which wielded much power in the Welsh Marches and the English government. She was the first wife of Richard FitzAlan, 4th Earl of Arundel, Earl of Surrey, (1346- 21 September 1397 Tower Hill, Cheapside, London), a powerful English nobleman and military commander in the reigns of Edward III and Richard II. She was the mother of seven of his children, and as the wife of one of the most powerful nobles in the realm, enjoyed much prestige and took precedence over most of the other peers' wives.
Family and lineage.
Lady Elizabeth de Bohun was born around 1350, the daughter of William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton and Elizabeth de Badlesmere. Her older brother Humphrey de Bohun, 7th Earl of Hereford married Joan FitzAlan, a sister of the 11th Earl of Arundel, by whom he had two daughters. Elizabeth had a half-brother, Roger Mortimer, 2nd Earl of March, by her mother's first marriage to Sir Edmund Mortimer.
Her paternal grandparents were Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford and Elizabeth of Rhuddlan, daughter of King Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile. Her maternal grandparents were Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere and Margaret de Clare.
Lady Elizabeth's parents both died when she was young, her mother having died in 1356, and her father in 1360.
Marriage and issue.
On 28 September 1359, by Papal dispensation, Elizabeth married Richard FitzAlan, who succeeded to the earldoms of Arundel and Surrey upon the death of his father, Richard FitzAlan, 3rd Earl of Arundel in 1376. Their marriage was especially advantageous as it united two of the most powerful families in England. The alliance was further strengthened by the marriage of Elizabeth's brother, Humphrey to FitzAlan's sister Joan.
As the Countess of Arundel, Elizabeth was one of the most important women in England, who enjoyed much prestige, and after the Queen, the Duchesses of Lancaster and York, and the Countess of Buckingham, took precedence over the other noble ladies in the realm.
At the coronation of King Richard II, FitzAlan carried the crown. In the same year, 1377, he was made Admiral of the South and West. The following year, 1378, he attacked Harfleur, but was repelled by the French.
FitzAlan allied himself with the King's uncle Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester, who was married to FitzAlan's niece Eleanor de Bohun, who was also Elizabeth's niece. The two men eventually became members of the Council of Regency, and formed a strong and virulent opposition to the King. This would later prove fatal to both men.
Richard and Elizabeth had seven children:
Death.
Elizabeth de Bohun died on 3 April 1385 at the age of about thirty-five. She was buried at Lewes in Sussex. Her husband married secondly Philippa Mortimer on 15 August 1390, by whom he had a son: John FitzAlan (1394- after 1397).
Richard FitzAlan was executed by decapitation on 21 September 1397 at Tower Hill Cheapside, London for having committed high treason against King Richard. His titles and estates were attainted until October 1400, when they were restored to his son and heir, Thomas FitzAlan, 5th Earl of Arundel, by the new king, Henry IV, who had ascended to the English throne upon the deposition of King Richard in 1399.

</doc>
<doc id="19636626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636626" title="Imeni Kirova, Azerbaijan">
Imeni Kirova, Azerbaijan

Imeni Kirova, Azerbaijan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636646" title="Broderick Wright">
Broderick Wright

Brod Wright (born 24 July 1987) is a professional rugby league player for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League (NRL) competition. He plays in the second-row.
After graduating from Baulkham Hills High School in 2005, Wright made his debut against the North Queensland Cowboys in round 20 of the 2008 NRL season. He was 18th man for Parramatta against Melbourne in the 2009 Grand Final as an injury stand-by for Nathan Cayless. Wright signed with the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks for the 2010 NRL season.
Wright was the first ever and so far only Parramatta Eels player to start his junior career playing the game for the Junior Eels, at a young age, and work his way up through the system into the First Grade side, playing for Parramatta junior teams Junior Eels, Harold Matts, SG Ball, and the Toyota Cup squad.
He will join French rugby league club Pia for 2011/12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19636662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636662" title="Swaminarayan Gurukul">
Swaminarayan Gurukul

Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul is an organisation headquartered in Rajkot. It was established in 1947 in Rajkot by Sadguru Shastri Shri Dharmajivandasji Swami. This organization comes under the LaxmiNarayan Dev Gadi of the Swaminarayan Sampraday.
The goal of the organisation is spreading "Sadvidya" or ‘Good and True education’ propagated by Swaminarayan. The organisation aims to imbibe the essence of Indian cultural heritage through ten branches across India, namely Rajkot, Junagadh, Surat, Navsari, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Taravada, Bangalore, Narmada, Lonavala, Vidyanagar, Gulbarga, Morbi, Gyanbag, Raipur, Bidar, Jadcherla, Nagpur & Solapur. Its international branches include Dallas (Texas, United States), Phoenix (United States), New Jersey (United States) and Santo Domingo (Dominican Republic).
Teaching.
At the "Swaminarayan Gurukul", the students start their day with daily prayers. All classes are held within campus as suitable infrastructure has been provided for the students on the campus so that they do not need feel the need of going out. Prayers are held three times a day and the students are taught meditation,Spiritual Education and yoga as part of Vedic education. Apart from Vedic education, the gurukul imparts training on par with normal schools and follows the same curriculum.
Vision.
Propagating true education in the world is the noblest work for all.
We believe that only worldly education is not the real education, but education along with ethical values and spirituality is real education.
Mission.
We Teach
Vidya: Modern Education
Sadvidya: Traditional Education
Brahmavidya: Spiritual Education
Aims & Objectives.
- Propagate & promote the message of Bhagwan Shree Swaminarayan
- Build up the best character of students through real education
- Develop comprehensive status in every field
- Train the students to be the best patriots
- Create secular harmony among all the religious
- Balance between spirituality and modernity
The Organization.
Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul, Rajkot, an educational, cultural and socio-spiritual non-profit organization was founded by HDH Shashstriji Maharaj Shree Dharmajivandasji Swami according to the inspiration and message “Pravartaniya Sadvidya, Bhuvi Yatsukrutam Mahat” of Bhagwan Shree Swaminarayan in 1948 A.D with the aim to create a moral, ethical and serene society.
Eventually it widen to Junagadh, Ahmedabad, Surat, Hyderabad, Chharodi, Navsari, Mumbai, Taravada, Bangalore, Narmada and USA. Presently, by the blessings of Param Pujya Jogi Swami, all these institutions are organised by 150 Saints under the guidance of HDH Shri Devkrushnadasji Swami and HDH Shastri Shri Madhavpriyadasji Swami.
The organization takes pride to declare, its extraordinary service in producing, more than 49,000 virtue base educated individuals, spread world wide, in indulging itself into Spiritual, Cultural, Social and welfare activities.
Apart from being an ideal educational center, the organization belongs to one of the earnest faiths in Hinduism, the Swaminarayan Sampraday, thereby enlivening rich Vedic values. To promote this ethics & values, Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul publishes many inspiring essays, monthlies, audio-video cassettes & cds, conducts cultural exhibitions, spiritual camps, pilgrimages and celebrations.
The Origin.
Bhagwan Shree Swaminarayan.
Bhagwan Swaminarayan (April 2, 1781 – 1830) was born to a samvedi Brahmin family in the village of Chhapaiya, Uttar Pradesh, India. His father’s name was Dharmadev and his mother’s name was Bhaktimata. After serving his parents, he left home at the age of 11 to travel over 8,000 miles throughout India on a holy pilgrimage for 7 years, 1 month, and 11 days. During his travels, Ghanshyam was given the name Neelkanth Varni for his fearless acts against nature’s most ferocious animals. He eventually settled in Gujarat.
At age 21, he established Swaminarayan Sampraday, with the blessings of his Guru Sadguru Ramanand Swami. He initiated more than 1500 saints to spread the pious Sampraday. To achieve ultimate redemption he taught the “Swaminarayan” mahamantra.
To preserve the purity in the religion, he devised five basic Codes of Conducts for Haribhakt (Devotee) like not to steal, not to eat meat, not to drink, not to commit adultery, not to follow impurity and for Tyagi (Saints) like, Nishkam (Lust-less), Nirlobh (Greed-less), Nissenh (Attachment-less), Nisswad (Taste-less) and Nirman (Ego-less).
He established beautiful temples at Ahmedabad, Bhuj, Vadtal, Dholera, Junagadh, Gadhpur for Upasana – worshipping God in all His greatness & glory and Bhakti – Devotion. With all these, he gave a small but huge Code of Conducts with only 212 verses, The Shikshapatri. And the nectar of spiritual discourses performed by Bhagwan Swaminarayan, The Vachnamrutam.
Thus, in a short span of 49 years He revived Hinduism, glorified spiritual values and founded the Swaminarayan Faith and left for His Divine Abode, Akshardham.
The Swaminarayan Sampraday.
The Swaminarayan Sampraday was established by Bhagwan Swaminarayan in early 18th Century. Founded on the pillars of practical spirituality, it reaches out far and wide to clear the confusions and questions that crowd the moral, social and material world of today.
Its strength lies in the purity of its nature and purpose. The Sect strives to better the world by consolidating character in societies, families and individuals. This is done not just by mottos and slogans but by mass motivation and individual attention, through elevating projects for all, irrespective of class, creed, color and country.
The Sect’s global network comprises Mandirs, Children’s forums, Youth forums, Women’s forum and character-building centers are perennial sources of moral, social, cultural and spiritual activities.
Such moral purity and spiritual surety add a deeper brilliance to all the hundreds of social services performed for Better Life through its 6 basic organs, namely Deity, Mandir, Aacharya, Scripture, Saint and Disciple.
The Founder.
Shastriji Maharaj Shri Dharmajivandasji Swami.
Shastriji Maharaj Shri Dharmajivandasji Swami was born on the auspicious Rathayatra day, Ashadh Sud 2, V.S. 1957, dated 18-06-1901, Tuesday in a holy family, in Taravada village, of Amreli District of Gujarat State, to a humble farmer named Bhurabhai Lakhani and mother named Virubai. He was named as Arajan. He was very brilliant and studious. He had natural inclination for spiritual learning and reading of religious scriptures.
He was a great successor of Gunatit tradition, a reformer of spiritual activities and Saint-Life. To assist this anarchic modern age and the immoral lives of this world, he pioneered Gurukul Tradition for the first ever time all over, in 1948 A.D.
Simple and Pious Life.
Shri Dharmajivandasji Swami led a very simple life of devotion, compassion, spiritual inquiry and strong righteous principles. This lifestyle had a major influence on his disciples as well. He led a very pious life of penance. He was able to sing more than 750 Keertans, recite 3000 slokas, and memorized all the 18 chapters of Bhagavad Gita in 18 days. He always emphasized the path of Bhakti and Dharma. Social welfare activities and betterment of the society were the pillars of his mission. He practiced a vow called Ayachak Vrat i.e., never to ask anyone for any money as donation. He had firm faith in God and believed that all the benevolent activities of the Gurukul should run only with the voluntary donations of the people inspired by the Almighty. This principle is still practiced as a vow by this Gurukul in all its activities. But his indomitable will power and staunch belief in the power of Bhagwan Swaminarayan, brought him success in all his endeavors. Success for him was nothing other than the betterment of the society. Success for him was not a destination, but journey. In fact, his life became the source of inspiration to so many saints of the sect, that they too started creating huge institutions for education and social welfare activities.
His Himalayan vision, which transformed the lives of thousands of people, still continues and will continue forever through his disciples, who with the same missionary spirit and zeal, are striving hard for the betterment of the whole world.
The Organizer.
Guruvarya Mahant Swami Shri Devkrushnadasji Swami.
Birth: September 19, 1946
Initiation: Wednesday, 23 November 1966, Vikram Samvat 2023, Kartik Sud 11
Spiritual Master: HDH Shastriji Maharaj Shree Dharmajivandasji Swami
After completing his B.A. Inter, took Bhagavati Deeksha (Sanyasa )from Acharya Shree Narendraprasadji Maharaj, Lakshminarayan Dev Gadi of Vadtal,
Honoured with the title, “Sadguru” by Acharya Ajendraprasadji Maharaj.
Honoured with the title, “Satsang Samvardhak” by Academy of Sanskrit Research, Melkote, Karnataka.
Swamiji is a strong admirer of traditional value systems and the spiritual heritage of Hinduism. Being attracted towards serving the animals, he has organised more than 100 veterinary medical camps. Being an ardent supporter of environmental factors, he has personally participated in many tree planting ceremonies and encourages everyone to plant more trees. Along with his spiritual practices, he has got a keen interest in all sorts of social welfare activities of the Gurukul.
Swamiji is currently the Chief Operating Officer and the Managing Trustee of all the educational, social and religious activities of Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul, Rajkot and its branches.
Impressions.
I feel extremely delighted to realize that the students of Gurukul are given the knowledge that is helpful now and that after the life.
Shri Tridandi Chinna Jeeyar Swami (Founder of JET)
Today, I happened to be here to see this ‘Sanskardham‘. A very important task is being carried out here, which strengthens our culture.
Shri Krushnashankar Shastri (Bhagwat Vidyapith-Sola)
I am confident; the students who have taken education in Gurukul will definitely render services to the society and nation by their good behavior and virtues.
Shri Rajiv Gandhi (The Prime Minister of India)
I am highly pleased to attend the Golden jubilee celebration of Gurukul Rajkot. May Almighty prosper Gurukul tradition, benefiting the wisdom to the society.
Shri Atal Bihari Vajpeyee (The Prime Minister of India)
Very good school, excellent discipline and marvelous spirituality. This is the only way to develop our children. They will lead future India.
Shri N. Chandrababu Naidu (Chief Minister: A. P.)
Services to Society.
‘Service to society’ is one of the principles of this organization. Every time when society needs, Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul comes up with various humanitarian and Socio-Spiritual activities.
Tsunami Welfare Campaign.
Gurukul Hyderabad had a major contribution to Tsunami Relief, serving food packets, blankets and many other daily life needs.
In addition, two Schools were built for the affected people, in two different Tsunami affected areas of Machilipatnam, AP with the contributions of Swaminarayan Temple Harrow, UK and Swaminarayan Mandir Chicago & Dallas, USA.
President - South India Branches.
Sadguru Shri Devprasaddasji Swami.
After completing his graduation, on 6 April 1971, Sadguru Shri Devprasaddasji Swami took initiation from Acharya Shree Narendraprasadji Maharaj and joined in the service of Gurudev Pujya Shastriji Maharaj. In the beginning, he started teaching the students of Gurukul Rajkot by the guidance of Pujya Shastriji Maharaj. Then, he served the administration of Gurukul Rajkot.
In 1994, along with the other saints, he came to Hyderabad for a deep study of the Sanskrit literature. Looking at the restricted and devoted life of the young saints, local people started to have great feelings for the saints and the Hyderabad branch was established. Pujya Swami was assigned responsibility of the branch and since then, Pujya Swami is the organizer of the Gurukul Hyderabad.
Pujya Swami has great knowledge of The Vachanamrut. With the deep study and extensive thinking, he prepared the “Vachanamrut Chintan” – a scripture. Pujya Swami is also having the deep study of Grammer, Vedant, Nyay and the scriptures, suggested by Bhagwan Swaminarayan.
Advisory Board.
The advisory board of Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul Hyderabad operates under the guidance of Sadguru Shri Devprasaddasji Swami
The advisory board comprises committed and dedicated saints, renounced to serve society. With their high degree of education and generosity to work, all the administrative departments of Shree Swaminarayan Gurukul are managed under the direct supervision of these saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19636671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636671" title="Tim Atkins">
Tim Atkins

Tim Atkins (born 1962) is a British poet, editor and lecturer in creative writing at the University of East London.

</doc>
<doc id="19636679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636679" title="Cover your ass">
Cover your ass

Cover your ass (CYA) or cover your own ass (CYOA) describes professional and organizational practices that serve to protect oneself from legal and administrative penalties, criticism, or other punitive measures.
Common practices.
As an example, just before the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, the final launch approval by Morton Thiokol (the maker of the solid rocket boosters used during the launch) contained the following warning: "Information on this page was prepared to support an oral presentation and cannot be considered complete without the oral discussion". This warning, which was present even though the information was sent by fax, has been labelled as a CYA notice.

</doc>
<doc id="19636681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636681" title="Sparti Airport">
Sparti Airport

Sparti Airport () is a military airport located south of Sparti (), a municipality in the regional unit of Laconia in Greece.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 06/24 with an asphalt surface measuring .
Nearest airports.
The three nearest airports are:

</doc>
<doc id="19636705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636705" title="Crataegus × mordenensis">
Crataegus × mordenensis

"Crataegus" × "mordenensis", Morden Hawthorn, is a hybrid that arose between two species in the genus "Crataegus" (Hawthorn), "Crataegus laevigata" and "Crataegus succulenta". This hybrid was first raised at the Agriculture Canada Plant Breeding Station in Morden, Manitoba, in 1935.
Two cultivars of this hybrid are significant in horticulture: 'Toba', with white double flowers that age to pink, and 'Snowbird' with white double flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="19636733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636733" title="David Coulthard">
David Coulthard

David Marshall Coulthard, MBE (; born 27 March 1971), often known as DC, is a British former Formula One racing driver from Scotland. He currently works for BBC Sport as a commentator and pundit.
Coulthard, who was born and brought up in Twynholm, Kirkcudbrightshire, made his Formula One debut in 1994 and won 13 Grands Prix in a career spanning 15 seasons. Twice a winner in Monaco, Coulthard was team-mate to Mika Häkkinen in the Finn's two Drivers' Championship-winning seasons for McLaren Mercedes before helping establish the Red Bull team. His best Drivers' Championship finish was second in 2001.
After retiring from racing in Formula One, Coulthard continued to be involved with the Red Bull Racing team as a consultant, as well as joining the BBC as a television commentator and pundit. He returned as an active driver in the DTM series for 2010, piloting a 2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class for Mücke Motorsport. He has finished in 16th position in the drivers championship in both years of competing in the series. On 18 October 2012, Coulthard announced retirement from racing after the 2012 DTM season, his final race planned to be on 21 October 2012 at Hockenheim.
Pre-Formula One.
Coulthard began karting as soon as he was permitted, at the age of 11. He raced karts for six years, moving south once he had started to win local championships. He regarded Rowrah, in Cumbria, as his home circuit. It was there that he won the Cumbria Kart Racing Club championship in 1985, a year after Allan McNish. McNish credited the start given to him, David Coulthard, and Dario Franchitti largely to David Leslie, senior and junior.
In 1989, Coulthard started racing in Formula Ford, winning the first ever McLaren/Autosport Young Driver of the Year award. A broken leg at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps put an end to his 1990 racing season, although by the end of that year he was testing for McLaren. He returned the following year to win the Marlboro Masters race at Zandvoort and the Macau Grand Prix. In 1992, he finished ninth in the Formula 3000 series. The following year he improved to third overall.
Formula One.
Williams (1994-1995).
In 1993, Coulthard became test driver for the world champion Formula One team Williams-Renault. He retained his role the following year until, after Ayrton Senna's death at Imola, he was brought in to partner Damon Hill for the Spanish Grand Prix. In eight of the remaining races he drove the second car. However, Nigel Mansell drove instead at Magny-Cours and at the last three races of the season. Renault were keen to have a big name in the second Williams, and Mansell, at that time reigning Indycar champion, fitted the bill. Despite fastest laps at the German and Portuguese Grands Prix, Coulthard finished on the podium only once, when he placed second at Estoril.
Coulthard had intended to race for McLaren in 1995 but, on 14 December 1994, the FIA Contract Recognition Board ruled that "Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd. is the team entitled to the services of Mr. David Coulthard for the 1995 FIA Formula One World Championship season."
Coulthard's first victory came at the 1995 Portuguese Grand Prix. Despite never finishing below fourth place, and scoring five pole positions (four of them consecutively), his eight retirements because of poor luck and some unforced errors tarnished his season. By July of that year, Coulthard had already signed for McLaren, for whom he would drive alongside Mika Häkkinen.
McLaren (1996-2004).
During the 1996 season McLaren cars finished on the podium only five times, as the Mercedes-powered cars were simply not fast enough. Coulthard's car retired from races on seven occasions. He led at Imola and lost out to Olivier Panis at Monaco.
In his second year with McLaren, Coulthard finished the 1997 Drivers' Championship in third place (following Schumacher's disqualification), tied on points with Jean Alesi. He had won the Australian and Italian Grands Prix as well as recording the fastest lap at the race in Montréal. He had been leading in Canada, but was delayed for over a lap by a clutch problem during his second pit stop. Minutes later Panis crashed, causing the race to be stopped. Had Coulthard's car not stalled, victory would have been his.
At the last race of the season in Jerez, Coulthard was obliged by team orders to concede second place to Häkkinen with three laps to go. Villeneuve needed to finish the race to win that year's drivers' championship in a car which was underperforming following a lap 48 collision with Schumacher. He gave way to the two McLarens on the final lap, with Coulthard reported to be "not bubbling with joy after the event... Häkkinen himself was speechless and made little sense after the race."
In 1998, McLaren cars won nine of the races, but it was Häkkinen who won eight of those and who took that year's title. Coulthard's only victory of the season was at the San Marino race. He finished second behind his team-mate five times.
In 1999, Coulthard finished the season in fourth place, with two wins among his six podium finishes. His teammate, Häkkinen, won his second consecutive drivers' championship. McLaren lost the constructors' title to Ferrari.
In 2000, he was involved in a tight battle for the drivers' championship with Schumacher and Häkkinen, but eventually fell out of contention into a third place finish. In 2001, he finished the year in second place, but with barely half the points (65) tallied by runaway winner Schumacher (123). Coulthard extended his contract with McLaren in 2002 but his subsequent years with the team, to 2004, were disappointing as well, as he was regularly out-paced by younger teammate Kimi Räikkönen. Many of Coulthard's critics argue that his decline began early in the new millennium. In 2003 the FIA introduced the single-lap qualifying format. Since his Formula Three days, Coulthard had the reputation of being a poor qualifier. He openly admitted that he did not like the format and was a vocal opponent of it. With the announcement that Juan Pablo Montoya was to join McLaren in 2005 alongside Räikkönen, 2004 was to be Coulthard's last year with the team. A poor tenth place finish in the final 2004 standings (24 points, equal with the injured Ralf Schumacher) had not helped Coulthard's cause for 2005 either.
In 2010 while working on air for the BBC F1 coverage, he admitted that Ferrari had approached him for a drive while he was racing with McLaren. He turned down the offer, because he realised that if he was in the lead of a Grand Prix race and Michael Schumacher was behind him, he would have to move out the way to let him through.
Red Bull (2005-2008).
Red Bull Racing were attracted by Coulthard's experience and signed him for the 2005 Formula One season. He was teamed with the inexperienced Christian Klien and Vitantonio Liuzzi. Coulthard's contract at Red Bull Racing was also extended prior to the 2005 British Grand Prix, prolonging his Formula One career to at least the end of 2006.
For 2006, Coulthard continued at Red Bull, partnered again with Christian Klien. The team were powered by Ferrari engines, with a contract for Renault engines agreed for 2007 during the 2006 season. Technical director Adrian Newey joined the team from McLaren to design the 2007 car. These positive developments led Coulthard to state that he wished to remain with the team after the 2006 season, and to add to his victory tally with them. On 7 August 2006, the day after the Hungarian Grand Prix where Coulthard finished 5th, it was announced that he had extended his contract with Red Bull Racing for 2007 and would be teamed up with Mark Webber.
At the 2006 Spanish Grand Prix Coulthard became the 8th member of Formula One's "200 Club", joining Riccardo Patrese, Michael Schumacher, Rubens Barrichello, Gerhard Berger, Andrea de Cesaris, Nelson Piquet and Jean Alesi in the list of drivers to have started 200 Grands Prix (Alain Prost and Michele Alboreto entered 202 and 215 races but started fewer). In the 2006 Monaco Grand Prix, Coulthard scored his first podium finish with Red Bull Racing, his best result with the team and also the team's first podium finish. During the trophy presentation, Coulthard wore a red cape as the team was promoting the film "Superman Returns".
After a slow start to the 2007 season, Coulthard delivered two strong drives at the Bahrain Grand Prix and the Spanish Grand Prix where he picked up the team's first points of the season. On 6 July 2007, Red Bull Racing announced that Coulthard's contract had been extended to the end of .
Coulthard had a bad start to his 2008 campaign after a racing incident with Felipe Massa. In a live post-incident interview with ITV's Louise Goodman, he expressed dissatisfaction with Massa's aggressive on-track behaviour.
At the second race in Malaysia, Coulthard suffered a bad suspension failure which saw his Red Bull team investigated for car safety. Although cleared to drive, the lack of testing time had a negative impact on his race performance and he managed only a 9th place finish. Despite a series of poor performances over the course of the 2008 season, he came back and managed to secure a hard-fought 3rd place at the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix, the 62nd podium finish of his Formula One career.
On the Thursday before the 2008 British Grand Prix, Coulthard announced that he would retire at the end of the season, but would remain at Red Bull as a consultant. He retired on the first lap after colliding with Sebastian Vettel, the driver who would replace him at Red Bull in , in his last British Grand Prix.
For Coulthard's final race, he competed in a car with a one-off livery promoting the charity "Wings for Life". In the event, Coulthard retired in the second corner on the first lap after he was hit from behind by Kazuki Nakajima in the Williams. In his final website blog before the race, Coulthard said, "I was thinking of asking the drivers to keep well clear of me into turn 1 to give me a better chance of finishing my last GP but I know all too well that when the lights go out racing instincts take over."
Helmet.
Coulthard's helmet is blue with a white saltire on the top (resembling the flag of Scotland) with its 4 tips trepassing from the top to the chin area. At McLaren a white ring was added around the top. When he joined Red Bull a dark blue line was added in the middle to highlight Red Bull's logo. At the Japanese GP in 2007 he wore a grey helmet with a stylised saltire in its sides as an homage to the late Colin McRae.
Race of Champions.
At the 2008 Race of Champions, Coulthard made the final only to lose out to Sébastien Loeb. He made the quarter-finals in both 2009 and in 2011, his sixth participation in the end-of-season competition.
Coulthard will team up Susie Wolff at the 2013 Race of Champions.
Post-Formula One.
BBC and The Daily Telegraph Reporter.
From 2009, Coulthard has worked on the BBC's F1 coverage as an expert summariser (pundit). From the 2011 season onwards he also became a co-commentator initially to Martin Brundle (who is also his manager) and then to Ben Edwards. He was also the Red Bull Racing reserve driver for the first two Grands Prix of the 2009 season and is remaining with the team as a consultant and demonstration driver.
At certain Grands Prix in 2010, when regular Red Bull and Toro Rosso reserve drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Brendon Hartley competed elsewhere in the 2010 Formula Renault 3.5 Series season, Coulthard was available to step in as reserve driver.
He also writes for BBC Online taking over from Jake Humphrey from 2013 and The Daily Telegraph as F1 Columnist.
DTM.
In 2010, Coulthard competed in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters, driving a 2008-spec Mercedes C-Class run by Mücke Motorsport. It was announced on 8 April 2011 that Coulthard would again race the C-Class for Mücke Motorsport in the DTM, with Ralf Schumacher as his team-mate.
Coulthard announced retirement from racing after 2012 DTM season on 18 October 2012.
Personal life.
Coulthard has lived for some time in Monaco, and also owns homes in London, Belgium and Switzerland. He owns several luxury hotels in Britain and is a former owner of the Columbus Hotel Monaco, which is located in Monaco's Fontvieille. In 2011 Coulthard founded Snoozebox, a portable hotel company using recycled shipping containers. These are found at many motorsports events and also the 2013 Edinburgh Festival Fringe and now at Thorpe Park's Crash Pad hotel.
On 2 May 2000, while he was leasing the Learjet of friend David Murray, the aeroplane developed engine trouble en route to Côte d'Azur International Airport in Nice, and crashed while attempting an emergency landing at Lyon-Satolas Airport, France. Coulthard, his then-girlfriend the American model Heidi Wichlinski and personal trainer/bodyguard Andy Matthews survived; Murray's personal pilot David Saunders and co-pilot Dan Worley died. Coulthard and Wichlinski ended their relationship before the beginning of the 2001 season, which was followed with a series of inaccurate newspaper reports about alleged affairs with other women.
Coulthard was involved in a four-year relationship with Brazilian model Simone Abdelnour, before ending the relationship in 2005. Coulthard became engaged to Karen Minier, a Belgian Formula One correspondent for French TV channel TF1, on 2 June 2006. The couple planned to marry "in the near future". Coulthard and Minier had their first child, Dayton Minier Coulthard, on 20 November 2008 weighing . Karen and Dayton initially continued to live in Brussels, before moving to Monaco with her daughter from a previous relationship.
A museum in his home village dedicated to Coulthard was previously run by Coulthard's sister, who died in February 2013. It is now the home of the "Twynosi" (a cross between Twynholm and the Italian word for "fans", "tifosi", as used by Ferrari fans), who gather on race days. He released his autobiography in 2007, entitled "It is What It Is". In it, he stated that he had suffered from bulimia as a teenager, caused by the need to lose weight when competing in karting championships. In 2008, Coulthard acted as best man at the wedding of Chris Hughes and actress/presenter Amanda Holden.
Coulthard's second cousin, New Zealander Fabian Coulthard, is also a racing driver, and has won several junior championships. He is currently racing in the Australian V8 Supercar Championship Series for Brad Jones Racing.
Coulthard is an ambassador for the spinal injuries charity Wings For Life.
Coulthard was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.
Racing record.
Complete International Formula 3000 results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races
in "italics" indicate fastest lap)

</doc>
<doc id="19636735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636735" title="Zygmunt Klukowski">
Zygmunt Klukowski

Zygmunt Klukowski (23 January 1885 - 1959) was a Polish physician, historian and bibliophile. Born in 1885 in Odessa, he spent much of his life in Szczebrzeszyn. He was the author of "Diary from the Years of Occupation, 1939-44",
a detailed account of his experiences as a doctor in occupied Poland during World War II, and "Red Shadow: A Physician's Memoir of the Soviet Occupation of Eastern Poland, 1944-1956". These accounts were not published in English until 1993 and 1997 respectively and it is only recently that Klukowski has gained an international reputation as an important primary witness and chronicler of this period in Polish history. His descriptions of life under the Nazis cited are extensively by Richard J. Evans in "The Third Reich at War" amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="19636760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636760" title="Beth Ditto">
Beth Ditto

Mary Beth Patterson, known by her stage name Beth Ditto (born February 19, 1981, in Searcy, Arkansas), is an American singer-songwriter, most famous for her work with the indie rock band Gossip.
Personal life.
At 13, she moved out of her mother’s house and went to live with her aunt.
A resident of Portland, Oregon, she is a close friend of Scissor Sisters lead singer Ana Matronic, and considers her favorite song to be "Oh Bondage, Up Yours" by X-Ray Spex. She courted mild controversy in 2006 when, during an interview for "NME" magazine, she claimed to have eaten squirrels as a child, saying that "people in Arkansas just do – they'd think you were a freak if you ate squid there!"
Ditto is known for her noticeable stage dances and her unique and revealing image. She classes herself as a punk, and thus does not wear deodorant or shave under her armpits, having once remarked that "I think punks usually smell". She also formerly contributed an advice column on body image to "The Guardian" newspaper.
In February 2009, she was featured in London as the cover model for the premiere of "Love" magazine with prominent public advertising.
On July 9, 2009, Beth's fashion collection for the UK retailer Evans was released for sale, both online, and in selected stores across the UK.
Ditto, who is a lesbian, is well known for her outspoken support of both LGBT and feminist causes.
Her most recent modeling work consisted of opening the Jean Paul Gaultier spring 2011 fashion show during Paris Fashion Week on October 2, 2010. Ditto released a memoir called Coal to Diamonds, which she co-wrote with Michelle Tea, in 2012.
On March 15, 2013. she was arrested for second-degree disorderly conduct in Portland, Oregon outside the Bungaloo Bar (which had cut her off because she appeared to be inebriated) after throwing her shoes and purse away in the middle of the street and shouting "Obama! Obama!" She was fined $435 after pleading no contest to the charge.
In July 2013, Ditto married girlfriend Kristin Ogata in Maui, Hawaii. Ditto wore a gown by Jean Paul Gaultier; Ogata wore a jacket, shirt and shorts.

</doc>
<doc id="19636766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636766" title="Roseland Plantation">
Roseland Plantation

Roseland Plantation is a historic plantation complex site in Faunsdale, Alabama. The site is situated on a low hill at the end of a long driveway on the overgrown estate. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 20, 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission. 
History.
Roseland Plantation was the longtime home of Samuel Alston Fitts. He was born on May 15, 1815 in Warren County, North Carolina, the eldest son of James Harris Fitts and Rebecca Emily Alston. James Fitts had established Roseland as a plantation in the Canebrake region of Marengo County during the late 1820s, but was murdered by a discharged overseer on July 16, 1832. His death left Samuel, at the age of eighteen, in charge of caring for his mother and eight brothers and sisters.
Samuel Fitts married Sarah Elizabeth Alston of neighboring Clarke County on November 29, 1838. Her parents were William Williams Alston and Mary Haywood Burges, also originally from North Carolina. Fitts had made the plantation a success by 1860, with property valued at $95,000. By this point Roseland was worked by at least 67 slaves.
Architecture.
The main house at Roseland Plantation began as a dogtrot house in 1835. A large two-story Greek Revival-style frame addition was added to the front of the dogtrot in the mid-1850s. The former front porch of the dogtrot became a cross-hall and the breezeway of the dogtrot was extended into a very long center-hall in the new construction. The upper floor was accessed from the central hallway via a reverse staircase.
The main house and most of the outbuildings have been demolished by neglect, but the largely undisturbed site remains important for archaeological reasons. A dairy cooler and the original log kitchen do remain at the site. A survey done in 1993, prior to its nomination to the National Register, indicated that the main house was in ruins with only a few walls remaining. 
At the time of the survey a small Greek Revival plantation office had already been removed to another location. Known as the "apothecary", it was used for dispensing medicine to the plantation's laborers. The property owners gave it to the Sturdivant Museum Association and it was moved to the grounds of Sturdivant Hall in Selma in order to ensure its preservation. A large seven-seat privy at Roseland, dating from the 1850s, was also donated to the Sturdivant Museum Association in 1979, but was not relocated to Sturdivant Hall until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19636775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636775" title="Maximum cut">
Maximum cut

For a graph, a maximum cut is a cut whose size is at least the size of any other cut. The problem of finding a maximum cut in a graph is known as the max-cut problem.
The problem can be stated simply as follows. One wants a subset "S" of the vertex set such that the number of edges between "S" and the complementary subset is as large as possible.
There is a more advanced version of the problem called weighted max-cut. In this version each edge has a real number, its weight, and the objective is to maximize not the number of edges but the total weight of the edges between "S" and its complement. The weighted max-cut problem is often, but not always, restricted to non-negative weights, because negative weights can change the nature of the problem.
Computational complexity.
The following decision problem related to maximum cuts has been studied widely in theoretical computer science:
This problem is known to be NP-complete. It is easy to see that the problem is in NP: a "yes" answer is easy to prove by presenting a large enough cut. The NP-completeness of the problem can be shown, for example, by a transformation from maximum 2-satisfiability (a restriction of the maximum satisfiability problem). The weighted version of the decision problem was one of Karp's 21 NP-complete problems; Karp showed the NP-completeness by a reduction from the partition problem.
The canonical optimization variant of the above decision problem is usually known as the "maximum cut problem" or "max-cut problem" and is defined as:
Polynomial-time algorithms.
As the max-cut problem is NP-hard, no polynomial-time algorithms for max-cut in general graphs are known.
However, in planar graphs, the maximum cut problem is dual to the route inspection problem (the problem of finding a shortest tour that visits each edge of a graph exactly once), in the sense that the edges that do not belong to a maximum cut of a graph "G" are the duals of the edges that are doubled in an optimal inspection tour of the dual graph of "G". The optimal inspection tour forms a self-intersecting curve that separates the plane into two subsets, the subset of points for which the winding number of the curve is even and the subset for which the winding number is odd; these two subsets form a cut that includes all of the edges whose duals appear an odd number of times in the tour. The route inspection problem may be solved in polynomial time, and this duality allows the maximum cut problem to also be solved in polynomial time for planar graphs.
Approximation algorithms.
The max-cut problem is APX-hard, meaning that there is no polynomial-time approximation scheme (PTAS), arbitrarily close to the optimal solution, for it, unless P = NP. Thus, every polynomial-time approximation algorithm achieves an approximation ratio strictly less than one.
There is a simple randomized 0.5-approximation algorithm: for each vertex flip a coin to decide to which half of the partition to assign it. In expectation, half of the edges are cut edges. This algorithm can be derandomized with the method of conditional probabilities; therefore there is a simple deterministic polynomial-time 0.5-approximation algorithm as well. One such algorithm starts with an arbitrary partition of the vertices of the given graph formula_1 and repeatedly moves one vertex at a time from one side of the partition to the other, improving the solution at each step, until no more improvements of this type can be made. The number of iterations is at most formula_2 because the algorithm improves the cut by at least one edge at each step. When the algorithm terminates, at least half of the edges incident to every vertex belong to the cut, for otherwise moving the vertex would improve the cut. Therefore the cut includes at least formula_3 edges.
The polynomial-time approximation algorithm for max-cut with the best known approximation ratio is a method by Goemans and Williamson using semidefinite programming and randomized rounding that achieves an approximation ratio formula_4, where formula_5. It has been shown by Khot et al. that, if the unique games conjecture is true, then this is the best possible approximation ratio for maximum cut.
Without such unproven assumptions, it has been proven to be NP-hard to approximate the max-cut value with an approximation ratio better than formula_6.
Maximum bipartite subgraph.
A cut is a bipartite graph. The max-cut problem is essentially the same as the problem of finding a bipartite subgraph with the most edges.
Let formula_7 be a graph and let formula_8 be a bipartite subgraph of "G". Then there is a partition ("S", "T") of "V" such that each edge in "X" has one endpoint in "S" and another endpoint in "T". Put otherwise, there is a cut in "H" such that the set of cut edges contains "X". Therefore there is a cut in "G" such that the set of cut edges is a superset of "X". 
Conversely, let formula_7 be a graph and let "X" be a set of cut edges. Then formula_8 is a bipartite subgraph of "H".
In summary, if there is a bipartite subgraph with "k" edges, there is a cut with at least "k" cut edges, and if there is a cut with "k" cut edges, there is a bipartite subgraph with "k" edges. Therefore the problem of finding a maximum bipartite subgraph is essentially the same as the problem of finding a maximum cut. The same results on NP-hardness, inapproximability and approximability apply to both the maximum cut problem and the maximum bipartite subgraph problem.

</doc>
<doc id="19636778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636778" title="Donald Madden">
Donald Madden

Donald Madden (November 5, 1928 - January 22, 1983) was an American theater, television, and film actor best known for his role as John Dickinson in the film "1776" (1972) and his portrayal of Hamlet onstage in New York.
Life and career.
Born as Donald Richard Madden in New York City, he attended City College of New York and graduated with a degree in Theater. After serving in the United States Army, he worked in regional theater, including a tour of "Tea and Sympathy" opposite Linda Darnell. Madden made his Broadway debut as Charles Bingley in "First Impressions", a musical adaptation of "Pride and Prejudice", in 1959. The following year he appeared in an off-Broadway production of "Julius Caesar" and won the Theatre World Award for his performance. In 1961 He played the title role in "Hamlet" on Broadway to critical acclaim. He received further accolades as the title role in Joseph Papp's 1970 production of "Richard III" at the Delacorte Theater. Shortly after he appeared as Eilert Lovborg in the 1971 production of "Hedda Gabler" opposite Claire Bloom and Patricia Elliott .
Additional theater credits include the 1967 comedy "Black Comedy/White Lies", for which he was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play, and revival of "Arms and the Man" in 1971.
His last Broadway appearance was in the thriller "Trick" in 1979. After its short run he was diagnosed with cancer.
Film and television.
Madden had the recurring role of Bryan Cannon on the television series "Dr. Kildare" in 1966. He also appeared in the soap operas "One Life to Live" and "Another World". In 1972 he portrayed John Dickinson in "1776", his only feature film.
Death.
Madden died of lung cancer in Central Islip, New York in 1983, aged 54. He had been diagnosed with the disease during the run of his final Broadway show in 1979. Because of his family's wish for privacy concerning his illness, it was erroneously reported at one point that Mr. Madden was an early victim of the AIDS virus.

</doc>
<doc id="19636802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636802" title="George R. Fearon">
George R. Fearon

George Randolph Fearon (March 12, 1883, Oneida, Madison County, New York – January 2, 1976, Naples, Collier County, Florida) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate from 1931 to 1932.
Life.
He was the son of George Fearon (1816–1898) and Anna Elizabeth (Charlow) Fearon (1855–1911). He graduated from Oneida High School in 1901, then studied law at Syracuse University and was admitted to the bar in 1905. On November 17, 1909, he married Cora Lucy Nichols (1885–1938), and they had two daughters: Elizabeth Mary Fearon (b. 1915) and Helen Charlow Fearon (b. 1916).
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Onondaga Co., 3rd D.) in 1916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1920.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (38th D.) from 1921 to 1936, sitting in the 144th, 145th, 146th, 147th, 148th, 149th, 150th, 151st, 152nd, 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th, 157th, 158th and 159th New York State Legislatures; and was Temporary President from 1931 to 1932, and Minority Leader from 1933 to 1936. He was a delegate to the 1932 Republican National Convention.
His first wife Cora died in January 1938 during a stomach operation. On March 4, 1939, he married in Bronxville, New York, Bertha (Stone) Moore who had been a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1938, and was the widow of Assemblyman Thomas Channing Moore (1872–1931).
On August 5, 1953, he married Katherine McBride.

</doc>
<doc id="19636804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636804" title="Latif Afridi">
Latif Afridi

Abdul Latif Afridi (born November 14, 1943) is a lawyer, currently vice Chairman of the Pakistan Bar Council and the former president of the Pakistan Peshawar High Court Bar Association. A former member of the Pakistan Parliament, (National Assembly between 1997 and 1999) and senior leader of the Awami National Party. 
Early life.
Abdul Latif Afridi was born in 1943 in Tirah, Khyber Agency. He did his Master's from Peshawar University in 1966. Two years later, he did his LLB from the same institution. He was expelled from the university for supporting Fatima Jinnah in the 1964 presidential election. In 1979, he joined the Ghaus Bux Bizenjo-led Pakistan National Party (PNP) and became its Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa provincial president. In 1986, when the PNP was merged into the Awami National Party (ANP), Latif Afridi became its first provincial president. In 1997, he was elected as a member of national assembly from NA-46.
Political career.
A former provincial President (1986–1989) General secretary (2005–2007) of the Awami National Party and its short-lived breakaway faction the National Awami Party of Pakistan, he has achieved fame as a supporter of the lawyers' movement in 2007–2009.
Lawyers' movement.
Latif Afridi is a former president of the Peshawar High Court Bar Association (PHCBA) and ANP Lawyers' Wing, as well as vice president of the party's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa chapter. Elected as president of the PHCBA four times, he has been at the forefront of the lawyers' movement that culminated in the restoration of Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammad Chaudhry.

</doc>
<doc id="19636806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636806" title="María José Catalá">
María José Catalá

María José Catalá Verdet (Valencia, Spain, 3 March 1981) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).
Married, Catalá holds a degree in law, a master's degree in Business Administration and is studying for a doctorate in constitutional law. She entered politics in 2003 when she was elected as a PP councillor for the town of Torrent to the south-west of Valencia city. In 2007 she was chosen as the PP candidate for mayor of Torrent and was elected Mayor in May 2007. Consequently, she became the first female mayor of Torrent and first PP mayor, ending 28 years of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) control, as well as being one of the youngest mayors at the time, aged 26.
The following year she was elected to the Spanish Congress of Deputies representing Valencia region after being awarded the fourth place on the PP list, virtually guaranteeing her election as the party had won at least five seats in every election from 1982 onwards. However she only served a half year in Congress, resigning in October 2008 and was replaced by Teresa García Sena.

</doc>
<doc id="19636810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636810" title="Timm's Point and Landing">
Timm's Point and Landing

Timm's Point and Landing is a California Historical Landmark at Los Angeles harbor in the San Pedro neighborhood of Los Angeles. It is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument, listed in 1977 as Site of Timm's Landing.
The area was a shipping center in mid-19th century. No original structures remain. It is located at northwest end of fish slip and includes a landscaped park in front of Fishermen's Co-op building, east of the harbor bel railroad tracks

</doc>
<doc id="19636826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636826" title="X&amp;Y">
X&amp;Y

X&Y is the third studio album by British alternative rock band Coldplay, released 6 June 2005 in the United Kingdom via the record label Parlophone. The album, which features influences of electronic music, was produced by the band and British record producer Danton Supple. Development of the album was often troubled; the album's original producer, British record producer Ken Nelson, was supposed to produce much of the album, however, many songs written during their sessions were ditched due to the band's dissatisfaction. The album's cover art is a combination of colours and blocks, which is a representation of the Baudot code.
The album contains twelve tracks and an additional hidden track, "Til Kingdom Come". It is omitted from the track listing on the album sleeve, but listed as "+" on the disc label and inside the album booklet. It was originally planned for American singer-songwriter Johnny Cash to record it with lead singer, Chris Martin, but Cash died before he was able to do so. The song "Talk" appeared on the main track listing, although it was thought to have been downgraded to a B-side for the album's subsequent single releases, after it leaked online in early 2005.
Originally titled "Zero Theory", "X&Y" was released after a considerable amount of hype and was a significant commercial success, reaching the top spot of many charts worldwide, including the United Kingdom and United States, the latter being their first. With accumulated sales of 8.3 million units in 2005 alone, "X&Y" was the best-selling album released in 2005 worldwide. As of 2011, the album had sold over 13 million copies worldwide.
Overall reaction to the album has been generally positive, though some critics cited it as being inferior to its predecessors. The album spawned the singles "Speed of Sound", "Fix You", "Talk", "The Hardest Part", "What If" and "White Shadows".
Background.
In March 2004, Coldplay announced details about "X&Y" while the album was being recorded. Initial plans were to stay out of the public eye throughout the year. Vocalist Chris Martin stated, "We really feel that we have to be away for a while and we certainly won't release anything this year, because I think people are a bit sick of us." This plan, however, was not due to the pressure their second album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head", had induced but they were trying "to make the best thing that anyone has ever heard".
Prior to the announcement, Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, and British record producer Ken Nelson had started recording demos while in Chicago, Illinois. The band then entered a London studio in January 2004.
Recording.
The band spent eighteen months working on the album. The released album is the third version which the band had produced during their late sessions, and some have even considered it as their fifth album. The band was not satisfied with the outputs of their initial sessions with Nelson, who produced the band's previous two albums. As a result, they towed the songs from those sessions away, and Nelson was fired, making him banned from producing a Coldplay album.
The initial set release date was 2004, and the band had to delay the album to January 2005. But as the new target date was approaching, the band again discarded songs, which they deemed "flat" and "passionless". Sixty songs were written during these sessions, fifty-two of which were ditched. The band started rehearsing the songs for a planned tour, but felt the songs sounded better live compared to their recorded versions: "We realized that we didn't really have the right songs and some of them were starting to sound better because we were playing them than they did on record, so we thought we better go back and record them again." Guitarist Jonny Buckland has said that the band had pushed themselves "forward in every direction" in making the album, but they felt it sounded like they were going backwards compared to their earlier works.
In search of perfection, Coldplay had to "step it up a few notches and work hard at it to get it right". The band chose Danton Supple, who mixed the bulk of "A Rush of Blood to the Head", to oversee the production of "X&Y". When January went, the band had to finish the album; they were conscious of the pressure as "expectations for the record grew larger" and "completing it became tougher and tougher". Finally, the band was settled with the song "Square One", which Martin has described as "a call to arms" and a "plea" to each of them "not to be intimidated by anything or anyone else". Once finished, the band felt like they could do their own songs and not have to think of anyone else's demands. During this month, the band was into the final weeks of production and had put the finishing touches on the tracks.
Drummer Will Champion later admitted that the band was not in a rush in completing the album "because the prospect of touring again was so daunting that we felt we should take our time, and also we wanted to make sure that it was the best it could possibly be". The band had no deadline, according to him, which caused them not to feel pressured into finishing something. Once a proper deadline was imposed onto the band, they became more productive than previous sessions. At this juncture, the band had written "about 14 or 15 songs". Martin added that the reason why they ended up late was that they "... kept finishing [touches to the record until it was way too late ... don't listen to it at the moment, because [they would just find something to go back and change."
Composition.
Music.
Coldplay has cited various influences in the album. The German electronic music pioneer Kraftwerk is evident on the song "Talk", which borrows its synthetic hook from 1981's "Computer Love". Also present is 1970s electronic music from the likes of English musician David Bowie and Brian Eno. Eno, who would later produce "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" and "Mylo Xyloto", played backing synthesizer on the track "Low". The first single, "Speed of Sound", also takes inspiration from the drumbeat of English singer-songwriters Kate Bush's song "Running Up that Hill". According to Jon Pareles of "The New York Times", the band attempts to "carry the beauty of 'Clocks'" across the album, borrowing some of its features to songs like "Speed of Sound". The opening track "Square One" features the famous motif from "Also Sprach Zarathustra", known better as the title theme of Stanley Kubrick's 1968 science-fiction film "". The three-note sequence is used as a synthesizer hook, as well as a part of the chorus, showcasing Chris Martin's trademark falsetto voice.
"Fix You" features an organ and piano sound. The song starts with a hushed electric organ ballad, including Martin's falsetto. The song then builds with both an acoustic guitar and piano sound. The sound then shifts with a plaintive three-note guitar line, ringing through a bringing rhythm upbeat tempo. Its instrumentation is varied with the sound of church-style organs hovering throughout the background, piano notes, acoustic and electric guitar riffs, drums, and a singalong chorus. "The Hardest Part" features a faster piano ballad sound, and starts with a repeating two-note piano riff, and features an instrumentation of a singsong guitar. It also includes a slow tempo with a drumming rhythm. The track ends with the band playing the repeated instrument riffs. "Talk" is built around a simple guitar lick by Jonny Buckland. The track includes a hypnotic pace, with Will Champion adding a metronomic beat to the drums. The song features a synthesizer hook notable from Kraftwerk's "Computer Love". It also adds a chiming note to more abrasive riffs during the breakdown near the end of the song. "Speed of Sound" is a similar song musically based on the piano. The song benefits from an insistently ornate keyboard riff and a busy but less-hummable chorus, in which the song builds into a huge drum beat and a synthesizer-heavy chorus, which also includes an upbeat tempo.
Lyrics.
Lyrically, "X&Y" made an apparent shift from its predecessors. On their previous works, Martin sang mostly in the first person "I", but moves to the second person "you". Accordingly, the songs on the album are reflection of Martin's "doubts, fears, hopes, and loves" with lyrics that are "earnest and vague".
The lyrics tend to focus significantly around the idea that everything is broken, out of place or missing; this can be observed in the lyrics of many of the album's songs, most notably "Fix You" ("When you lose something you can't replace") and also in "X&Y" ("When something is broken, and you try to fix it, trying to repair it, any way you can") and "Talk" (Are you lost or incomplete? Do you feel like a puzzle, you can't find your missing piece?"). This theme is also reflective of the random, incomprehensible pattern on the album's cover (until you "fix" it using the Baudot Code).
Packaging.
The artwork for "X&Y" was designed by graphic design duo Tappin Gofton, formed by Mark Tappin and Simon Gofton. The image, which is visualized through a combination of colours and blocks, is a graphical representation of the Baudot code, an early form of telegraph communication using a series of ones and zeros to communicate. The code was developed by Frenchman Émile Baudot in the 1870s, and was a widely used method of terrestrial and telegraph communication.
The alphabet of the code is presented in the liner notes of "X&Y", but if deciphered, the code actually reveals the characters 'X 9 Y', a fact outlined in Marcus du Sautoy's book 'The Num8er Mys7eries'. It is unclear whether this is a genuine mistake, as the symbol for '9' is very similar to the symbol for '&', or whether it was entered to confuse any deciphering fans. The track listing, included on the booklet, CD, and back of the album, uses "X#" on tracks 1–6, and "Y#" on tracks 7–12, rather than the conventional track numbering system. This is a reference to the title of the album. Many pages in the booklet include photos of the band working on the album. The final page of the booklet contains the slogan "Make Trade Fair", the name of the international organization which Chris Martin continues to support. The band dedicates the album to "BWP" that is presented also inside the liner notes; it stands for Bruce W. Paltrow, the late father of Martin's wife, Gwyneth Paltrow. All singles released from the album feature their titles in the same code on their respective covers. Martin sometimes wears coloured tape on his hands while on stage, as a reference to the album.
Release and promotion.
"X&Y" was initially intended for a 2004 release, although early news reported it would not be released until 2005; however, because of personal preferences, songs recorded in several sessions were scrapped and had pushed the expected release date to January 2005. However, the new date went by and the band had to set another schedule. By early 2005, the album, rumoured to be called "Zero Theory", had a target release date between March and May 2005. By early April, the band had finalized the track listing of the album. Eventually, the album was released on 6 June 2005 in the United Kingdom via record label Parlophone. It was issued on 7 June in the United States by Capitol Records. The album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions. In 2008, Capitol released a remastered version of the album on two 180-gram vinyl records as a part of the "From the Capitol Vaults" series.
Around three months prior to the album release, Coldplay began performing several songs from the album during live performances. The band made a headlining performance at public radio station KCRW-FM's annual A Sounds Eclectic Evening, staging five songs from "X&Y" and some of their old favourites. For the song "The Scientist", Martin sang one of its verses backward, a technique he learned in shooting its music video.
The album has four main singles that were released internationally: "Speed of Sound", "Fix You", and "Talk" in 2005, and "The Hardest Part" in 2006. A fifth single, "What If", was released in June 2006 to radio stations in France and the French-speaking portions of Belgium and Switzerland. A commercial CD was also released in Belgium and features the same B-side as "The Hardest Part" ("How You See the World" recorded live at Earls Court), which was released in other European markets as well as Japan and Australia. This single features the "Tom Lord-Alge Mix" of "What If" as the A-side which differs from the usual album version. Finally, in June 2007, "White Shadows" was released as a radio-only single in Mexico, to coincide with the band's 2007 Latin America Tour. This also complemented the special "Tour Edition" of the album that was released in these regions.
The hidden track "'Til Kingdom Come" is featured in the superhero film "The Amazing Spider-Man" (2012).
Critical reception.
"X&Y" received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 72, based on 33 reviews. "Blender" hailed it as Coldplay's "masterpiece." "NME" described it as "confident, bold, ambitious, bunged with singles and impossible to contain," and added that it reinforces Coldplay as "the band of their time". "Q" magazine found it "substantially more visceral and emotionally rewarding experience than both its predecessors." James Hunter of "The Village Voice" said that it is remarkably "accomplished, fresh, and emotional". "Uncut" assertively called it "an exceptional pop record". "Spin" magazine's Mikael Wood praised Coldplay for "recasting their nerdy-student Britpop as Important Rock Music" without having to compromise Martin's unpretentious songwriting style. In his review for Allmusic, Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised it as "a good record, crisp, professional, and assured, a sonically satisfying sequel to "A Rush of Blood to the Head"", stating it as "impeccable" and "a strong, accomplished album".
In a less enthusiastic review for "Entertainment Weekly", David Browne felt that Coldplay's attempt at more grandiose music works "only part of the time", even though he found their effort to mature commendable. Alexis Petridis, writing in "The Guardian", said that some of the songs are "mostly beautifully turned", but marred by lyrics that are "so devoid of personality that they sound less like song lyrics". Pitchfork Media's Joe Tangari called it "bland but never offensive, listenable but not memorable." "Mojo" wrote that the album is "awash with cliches, non-sequiturs, and cheap existentialism; at times it all becomes nigh on unbearable". In a negative review for "The Village Voice", Robert Christgau named "X&Y" "dud of the month" and called Coldplay a "precise, bland, and banal" band with predictable melodies and impassive lyrics.
The band has received some criticism from some music critics for the similarities between the lead single, "Speed of Sound", and "Clocks", one of the band's most popular songs to date. Kelefa Sanneh of "Rolling Stone" magazine was less contented with "X&Y", writing it "is something less exciting" compared to "A Rush of Blood to the Head" that "was a nervy bid for bigness". Sanneh notes that the album is "the sound of a blown-up band trying not to deflate" and "a surprising number of songs here just never take flight". Despite such, he compliments the album for featuring "lovely ballads that sound, well, Coldplay-ish".
Accolades.
The album earned the band several awards. In 2006, it won the Best British Album accolade at the BRIT Awards, and International Album of the Year at the Juno Awards which Coldplay shared with American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. "X&Y" had scored Coldplay their third consecutive Mercury Prize nomination. It was also nominated for Best Rock Album at the 48th Grammy Awards, but it lost to U2's album "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb". "X&Y" was voted the 32nd best album of the year in "The Village Voice"s annual Pazz & Jop critics poll for 2005.
Commercial performance.
"X&Y" was a commercial success in Europe. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart (making it Coldplay's third consecutive number-one debut) with sales totalling 464,471 the third highest opening sales week in UK history, behind Take That and Oasis.
To date, the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) has certified the album eight-times platinum. The album placed at number nine on the list of United Kingdom's 20 biggest-selling albums of the 21st century, published by the British trade paper "Music Week". As of February 2012, the album had sold 2,666,980 copies in the UK, making it the second best selling Coldplay album behind "A Rush of Blood to the Head".
The American press have considered "X&Y" a landmark achievement of Coldplay. The album debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200, selling 737,000 copies despite the highly competitive retail week. The album gave the band their first US number-one album by debut, and its initial sales surpassed the band's previous album releases; "Parachutes" amassed over 6,500 copies in its debut and "A Rush of Blood to the Head" with sales of under 141,000. "X&Y" became the second highest first week sales in the United States for 2005, behind American rapper 50 Cent's second album "The Massacre", which sold over one million units in its first week of release. "X&Y" also emerged as the biggest-selling debut under rock genre. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has since certified the album three-times platinum for accumulated shipments of over three million units. In Canada, the album debuted at #1 and sold 105,000 copies in its first week, making it the biggest-selling debut of 2005 in Canada. It ended up being certified 5× Platinum in December 2008 for shipping of 500,000 copies. Altogether, the album emerged as 2005's best-selling album worldwide, accumulating over 8.3 million units despite the aggregate three percent fall of sales. According to EMI, by the end of 2006 it sold 9.9 million copies.
Track listing.
All songs written by Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland, Will Champion and Chris Martin, except where noted.
Tour edition DVD.
To coincide with Coldplay's tour of Australia, Southeast Asia, and Latin America, the album was re-released in those territories as a "Tour Edition", which also includes all the B-side tracks and music videos of X&Y's singles on a bonus DVD:
Tour edition CD.
In addition a rare "Japan Tour Special Edition" (Cat. No. TOCP-66523) was released in 2006. This is the only "Tour Edition" which has the bonus disc as a CD (CD extra) (Cat. No. NCD-3013), and without Copy Control. All other "Tour Editions" have Copy Control protection. The track listing is exactly the same as in other "Tour Editions".

</doc>
<doc id="19636838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636838" title="Gishi">
Gishi

Gishi () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19636862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636862" title="Crataegus × media">
Crataegus × media

"Crataegus" × "media", is a hybrid between two species in the genus "Crataegus" (Hawthorn), "C. monogyna" and "C. laevigata", both in series "Crataegus". Under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature the name "C." × "media" covers all intermediate forms between the two parent species, including backcrosses.
Horticulturally significant forms of "C." × "media" include some with double pink or red flowers, including 'Paul's scarlet' and 'Rubra Plena'.

</doc>
<doc id="19636870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636870" title="Ledóchowski">
Ledóchowski

Ledóchowski (plural: Ledóchowscy) is the name of a Polish and Austrian noble family whose origins can be traced back to the Volhynian Voivodship. Because Polish adjectives have different forms for the genders, Ledóchowska is the form for a female family member. Members of the family have over the centuries distinguished themselves through services to the Catholic Church, the Austrian Crown as well as the Polish Crown.
History.
The Ledóchowski family is of Polish as well as Austrian aristocratic family. Their lineage begins in 1457 in the Volhynian Voivodeship of the Commonwealth of the Crown of the Polish Kingdom, where the boyar knight Nestor Halka took the name of his estate, Ledochow, as his own. It is said that the boyar dynastic family Halka family draw their origins to the times of the Kievan Rus in 971 As direct descendants of these boyar knights, members of the Ledóchowski family bear the same Coat of Arms with the name Szalawa (Herb Szalawa). Their descendance from the Halka Family was further reflected by the official Austrian title of "Halka von Ledóchow Count Ledóchowski".
After the partition of Poland in then late 18th century, the country was carved up between Austria, Germany and Russia. Antoni Halka von Ledóchow Count Ledóchowski (1755–1835), also known simply as Count Antoni Halka-Ledóchowski, obtained the hereditary title of Count in Austria from Emperor Francis II on the 8th of May 1800. The title was confirmed in the Kingdom of Poland in 1824, and in Russia on 18 May 1845.
Members of this family have distinguished themselves with their services to the:
Historical Museum of Warsaw.
The Historical Museum of Warsaw sponsored a temporary exhibition of the Ledóchowski family in October 2008. The Patrons of the Exhibition include Austrian President Heinz Fischer and President of Poland Lech Kaczyński. Historical Documents and Portraits were lent on a temporary basis to the museum by family members living in Europe.
Present day.
Members of the noble family Ledochowski currently live and flourish in Austria, Poland and the United Kingdom. There are however other thriving families carrying this name or variations thereof (such as Ledohowski) who are not related to this noble family. It's worth noting that peasant families who were somehow associated with the townships of Ledochow or Leduchowka (present day Ukraine) may have ended up with this surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19636879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636879" title="Joanna Fox Waddill">
Joanna Fox Waddill

Joanna Painter (Fox) Waddill (September 24, 1838 – January 3, 1899) was a nurse assisting wounded and ill Confederate soldiers during the American Civil War. She became celebrated as the "Florence Nightingale of the Confederacy" for her humanitarianism. 
Joanna Fox was born in Bristol, Pennsylvania, to James C. Fox and his wife Catherine Bessonett. Fox was a brickmason who moved his family to the Mississippi River port city of Natchez, Mississippi, when Joanna was a baby.
Fox was only 22 years old when the Civil War erupted in early 1861. She and two other Natchez ladies traveled to the front lines to serve as volunteer nurses in such places as Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, and Tennessee. When the Union Navy captured Natchez as they advanced toward Vicksburg, Mississippi, Waddill hid a Confederate flag under her petticoat to prevent its capture.
Near the end of the war, Fox became the matron of the Confederate hospital in Meridian, Mississippi. There, she met Louisiana druggist George D. Waddill while they both tended sick and dying Confederate soldiers. The couple were married in Lauderdale, Mississippi, (near Corinth) on September 26, 1864.
The couple moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where they operated a drugstore for many years. She became active in the Confederate Memorial Association and other societies.
Joanna Waddill and her husband are buried in Magnolia Cemetery at Baton Rouge. Ironically, the cemetery was in the middle of the Battle of Baton Rouge. 
The Joanna Waddill Camp #294 of the Daughters of the Confederacy is named in her honor. It is active in local Civil War memorialization.

</doc>
<doc id="19636885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636885" title="Ten Little Injuns">
Ten Little Injuns

"Ten Little Injuns" is a popular song written by Septimus Winner in 1868 for the minstrel trade. It was based on an 1850s minstrel skit about one John Brown whose Indian (referring to "Native American") boy grows from "one little Injun" into "ten little Injuns," and then back to one, i.e.:
Lyrics.
The lyrics as published by Winner in 1868:

</doc>
<doc id="19636915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636915" title="Ilya Starinov">
Ilya Starinov

Colonel Ilya Grigoryevich Starinov () (July 20 (N.S. August 2), 1900, village of Voynovo, today's Oryol Oblast - November 18, 2000) was a Soviet military officer.
He served with the Republican forces during the Spanish Civil War and was one of the leaders of the Soviet partisan movement during the Great Patriotic War of 1941-1945. He is known as the "grandfather of the Russian spetsnaz".
A more previous idea of special forces really belongs to the Russian military theorist Michael Svechnykov (Stalin executed him in 1938), who pursued an idea of achieving victory using well-trained forces in unequal combat situations, all the while keeping with the dependence of traditional Russian military readiness. But a more practical realization was subsequently created by Ilya Starinov. The two were like-minded individuals in the military sense.

</doc>
<doc id="19636925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636925" title="The Wedding Night">
The Wedding Night

The Wedding Night is a 1935 American romantic drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Gary Cooper, Anna Sten, and Ralph Bellamy. Based on a story by Edwin H. Knopf, the film is about a financially strapped novelist who returns to his country home in Connecticut looking for inspiration for his next novel and becomes involved with a beautiful young Polish woman and her family. King Vidor won the Volpi Cup for Best Director at the Venice Film Festival in 1935.
Plot.
New York novelist Tony Barrett (Gary Cooper) and his wife Dora (Helen Vinson) have accumulated serious debts as a result of their fast and affluent lifestyle in the big city. When he approaches his publisher expecting an advance on his newest novel, Tony is told that success has gone to his head and the novel is unpublishable. With few options available, Tony and Dora move to his family's run-down farm in Connecticut, where they meet his neighbors, a Polish farmer, Jan Novak (Sig Ruman), and his beautiful daughter, Manya (Anna Sten). Looking to expand his own property, Mr. Novak offers Tony $5,000 for a field bordering the Novak farm. With their finances replenished, Dora returns to New York, leaving Tony at the farm, where he intends to write a new novel inspired by the Novaks and their friends.
Sometime later, Tony and Manya are at his house discussing her betrothal to Fredrik (Ralph Bellamy), the young man chosen by her father to be her husband. A drunken Tony tells Manya that she is not in love with the young man, and makes suggestive remarks that anger her. The following day, Tony apologizes to Manya and the two begin a close friendship. After Tony's servant leaves to return to New York, Manya begins spending more time at Tony's farm and the two fall in love, just like the characters in his new novel, Stephen and Sonya. 
Fredrik soon learns that Manya has been seeing Tony at his farm, and he and her father forbid her from seeing Tony again. Ignoring their orders, Manya continues to spend time with the novelist at his house. One evening, a snow storm prevents Manya from returning home. The next morning, Mr. Novak angrily confronts Tony at his farm. Later, he demands that Manya marry Fredrik the following Monday. When Manya tells him that she will not spend her life being an unpaid servant like her mother, Novak slaps her.
Later that day, Dora arrives back at the farm, telling her husband that she missed him terribly during their separation. Dora hears stories about the previous night, but she hopes that they mean nothing, until she reads his new manuscript about the love affair between Stephen and Sonya. On the night before her wedding, Manya goes to see Tony, but finds Dora instead. The two speak about Tony's new novel and how it will end—both realizing that they are really speaking about their own lives. Dora tells Manya that she is sure that Stephen's wife, Daphne, will not give up her husband, but that she would feel sorry for Sonya. Manya tells her about the upcoming wedding, and then leaves. 
Tony returns home and asks Dora for a divorce, but she refuses, telling him that his novel should end with Sonya marrying her Polish fiancé. The next day, after learning that Manya and Fredrik are getting married, Tony goes to the wedding party and dances with Manya, and then returns home. Later, a drunken Fredrik, angered by his fiancé's lack of passion and interest, storms out of their bedroom and heads over to Tony's house to confront the man he suspects is to blame. Manya follows him to Tony's house, where she attempts to stop Fredrik from fighting with Tony on the stairs. During the struggle, Manya falls down the stairs and is seriously injured. Tony carries her to the parlor, where he tells her he loves her, just before she dies. Later, Dora tells Tony that he can now see Manya privately. Gazing out the window, Tony tells her about how full of life Manya was and imagines that she is waving to him.
Reception.
In his review in "The New York Times", Andre Fennwald praised the film for its "uncommonly adult style" that is "both pictorially and dramatically striking." Fennwald writes:
Fennwald also praised the performances by Sten, the "highly talented Russian star", Cooper who "continues to reveal a refreshing sense of humor in his work", and Helen Vinson who is "excellently right as the wife, playing the part with such intelligence and sympathy that she contributes definitely to the power of the climax.

</doc>
<doc id="19636928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636928" title="Micropenis">
Micropenis

Micropenis is an unusually small penis. A common criterion is a dorsal (measured on top) erect penile length of at least 2.5 standard deviations smaller than the mean human penis size, or smaller than about 7cm (3 inches) for an adult when compared to an average erection of 12.5cm (5 inches). The condition is usually recognized shortly after birth. The term is most often used medically when the rest of the penis, scrotum, and perineum are without ambiguity, such as hypospadias. Micropenis occurs in about 0.6% of males.
Causes.
Of the abnormal conditions associated with micropenis, most are conditions of reduced prenatal androgen production or effect, such as abnormal testicular development (testicular dysgenesis), Klinefelter syndrome, Leydig cell hypoplasia), specific defects of testosterone or dihydrotestosterone synthesis (17,20-lyase deficiency, 5α-reductase deficiency), androgen insensitivity syndromes, inadequate pituitary stimulation (gonadotropin deficiency), and other forms of congenital hypogonadism. Micropenis can also occur as part of many genetic malformation syndromes that do not involve the sex chromosomes. It is sometimes a sign of congenital growth-hormone deficiency or congenital hypopituitarism. Several homeobox genes affect penis and digit size without detectable hormone abnormalities.
In addition, in utero exposure to some estrogen based fertility drugs like diethylstilbestrol (DES) has been linked to genital abnormalities and/or a smaller than normal penis. 
After evaluation to detect any of the conditions described above, micropenis can often be treated in infancy with injections of various hormones, such as human chorionic gonadotropin and testosterone.
Most eight- to fourteen-year-old boys referred for micropenis do not have the micropenis condition. Such concerns are usually explained by one of the following:
Treatment.
Hormone treatment.
Growth of the penis both before birth and during childhood and puberty is strongly influenced by testosterone and, to a lesser degree, growth hormone; but their value in the treatment of micropenis is mainly limited to conditions of hormone deficiency, such as hypopituitarism or hypogonadism. 
Regardless of the cause of micropenis, if it is recognized in infancy, a brief course of testosterone is often prescribed (usually no more than 3 months). This usually induces a small amount of growth, confirming the likelihood of further growth at puberty, but rarely achieves normal size. No additional testosterone is given during childhood, to avoid unwanted virilization and bone maturation. (There is also some evidence that premature administration of testosterone can lead to reduced penis size in the adult.)
Testosterone treatment is resumed in adolescence only for boys with hypogonadism. Penile growth is completed at the end of puberty, similarly to the completion of height growth, and provision of extra testosterone to post-pubertal adults produces little or no further growth.
Surgery.
Because hormone treatment rarely achieves average size, several surgical techniques similar to phalloplasty for penis enlargement have been devised and performed; but they are not generally considered successful enough to be widely adopted and are rarely performed in childhood.
In extreme cases of micropenis, there is barely any shaft, and the glans appears to sit almost on the pubic skin. From the 1960s until the late 1970s, it was common for sex reassignment and surgery to be recommended. This was especially likely if evidence suggested that response to additional testosterone and pubertal testosterone would be poor. If parents accepted, the boy would be reassigned and renamed as a girl, and surgery performed to remove the testes and construct an artificial vagina. This was based on three now questioned assumptions: 
Johns Hopkins Hospital, the center most known for this approach, performed twelve such reassignments from 1960 to 1980, most notably that of David Reimer (whose penis was destroyed by a circumcision accident), overseen by Dr. John Money. By the mid-1990s, reassignment was less often offered, and all three premises had been challenged. Former subjects of such surgery, vocal about their dissatisfaction with adult outcome, played a large part in discouraging this practice. Sexual reassignment is rarely performed today for severe micropenis (although the question of raising the boy as a girl is sometimes still discussed.) (See "History of intersex surgery" for a fuller discussion.)

</doc>
<doc id="19636932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636932" title="Alison Turriff">
Alison Turriff

Alison Turriff (born 10 August 1984 in Lanark, Scotland) is a Scottish folk fusion clarinetist, composer, recording artist, researcher, producer and Artist for world leading clarinet makers Buffet Crampon.
Early life.
Alison spent her early years in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. Despite showing an early interest in music, particularly the piano and composition, she didn't receive any tuition until a school teacher recognized her talent for singing and at aged 10 she was entered and won 3rd place in a local Robert Burns competition singing 'A rosebud by my early walk'. From this she was quickly encouraged to take up an instrument and decided on the clarinet because she 'didn't know what it looked like' and thought it 'might be interesting'. Despite this early start Alison's clarinet studies didn't take off until she was 16 when she began having lessons with her high school music teacher. Within 18 months Alison had passed her grade 8, secured several places to further her studies at Music College and won the North Lanarkshire 'Musician of the year'.
Education.
Alison received a Bachelor of Music from Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama studying with Principal Clarinet of Welsh National Opera, Leslie Craven. During her studies she participated in an exchange programme which took her to Barcelona to study with Spanish soloist Joan Enric Lluna at Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya. Alison then furthered her studies with Lluna at Trinity College of Music, London where she won the Harold Clarke prize for woodwind and was awarded a Master of Music with Distinction. Further to this, Alison then took lessons in Paris with 'supersoliste' from the Paris Opera, Philippe Cuper.
Performing and premiers.
As a soloist Alison has toured and performed throughout Europe and Middle East and performed at leading venues such as Wigmore Hall, Wales Millennium Centre, Barbican, St David's Hall and St John's, Smith Square. In 2008 she gave the UK premier of Aleksander Tansmans clarinet concerto in a performance that has hailed by the critics as 'ravishing' and 'one to keep in the memory'. Alison also performed Steve Reich's City Life at the opening celebrations of London's newest concert venue, Kings Place and pioneered the electro acoustic, folk infused master work, Alt.Music.Ballistix by Nikola Resanovic in its first performance at the Wigmore Hall.
Research.
During her studies in Spain, Alison researched and wrote the first extended work in English about the traditional music from the Catalan speaking areas of Spain and as her Masters' dissertation wrote about the Polish folk music influences in Witold Lutoslawski's works throughout the 1950s. Both pieces are pending publication.
Recording work.
Alison has recorded under the Baton of Edward Gardner for an orchestral project with BP celebrating their centenary. Alison has also recorded works by Alan Hovhannes for Naxos under the baton of American conductor Keith Brion in a project which was dedicated to the memory of Lady Evelyn Barbirolli, widow of Sir John Barbirolli. Alison's first solo album titled Distant Shores was released on 11 November 2011 and is a mix of folk styles works from throughout the world within a classical framework.
Charity work.
Alison is patron of The Sky Project in Shortlees, Scotland which works to support significantly disadvantaged young people in the area. In conjunction with her work, Alison was interviewed and appeared on Scottish television on 9 September 2011 to raise awareness of the issue of child poverty in Scotland.
Discography.
Distant Shores (2011)

</doc>
<doc id="19636937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636937" title="The Buried">
The Buried

The Buried is the third studio album released by Japanese rock band Lynch.. It was released on November 7, 2007 by Marginal Works in Japan. All of the songs on the album are re-recordings of songs from the band's first two releases, Greedy Dead Souls and Underneath the Skin.

</doc>
<doc id="19636953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636953" title="Punish Yourself">
Punish Yourself

Punish Yourself is a French electronic rock band best known for their stage theatrics and innovative style of industrial/punk music. They describe their style as ""Fluo Cyber Punk"".
Note.
In 2004, pornographic actress Coralie Trinh Thi wrote a comic about them called "Deep Inside Punish Yourself". In the same year, PY composed the song "Holy Trinh Thi" in reference to her.

</doc>
<doc id="19636958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636958" title="Carl Gibson">
Carl Gibson

Carl Gibson () is an English rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s playing at representative level for Great Britain, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Batley, Leeds, and Featherstone Rovers, as a , or . He attended Batley Boys High School.
Playing career.
International honours.
Carl Gibson won caps for Great Britain in 1985 against France (sub), in 1990 against France, Papua New Guinea (2-games), New Zealand (3-games), and Australia (3-games), and in 1991 against France.
County honours.
Carl Gibson was selected for Yorkshire County XIII while at Batley during the 1985/86 season.
Club career.
Gibson moved from Batley to Leeds for a fee of £50,000. Gibson set an enduring record for Leeds of 91 consecutive appearances for the club, before a bout of food poisoning ended his run.

</doc>
<doc id="19636962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636962" title="Willersley Castle">
Willersley Castle

Willersley Castle is a late 18th-century country mansion situated above the River Derwent at Cromford, Derbyshire which is now a Grade II* listed building.
Standing in of grounds, the Georgian style castellated house is three storeys with a seven bay frontage, the central bay flanked by full height round towers.
Originally named "Willersley Hall", it was built on the slopes of Wild Cat Tor, above sea level, for the occupation of industrialist Sir Richard Arkwright by architect William Thomas, following the purchase of the estate in 1782 from Thomas Hallet Hodges for £8,864.
At the time of purchase there was no large house here, just a few farms and "Derwent House", which still stands off the main drive. Arkwright planted many trees, though not before clearing away a large limestone rock, which cost £3,000.
In 1791, when the building was approaching completion, a fire broke out and severe damage was caused to part of the interior of the castle. Although the damage was repaired, Arkwright died in 1792 before the building was completed. In 1796 his son, Richard Arkwright junior, moved into it with his family, and the Arkwright family lived there until 1922.
The estate was bought in 1927 by a group of Methodist businessmen, and in 1928 it opened as a Methodist Guild holiday centre.
Between 1940 and 1946, i.e. during World War II, it served as a maternity hospital run by the Salvation Army, having moved out of East London.
Today it operates as a Christian Guild Hotel.
The name Willersley.
The name Willersley comes from the ancient manor, or estate. The adjacent manors of Cromford and Willersley were partitioned in 1615. 
The name Willersley also appears in -

</doc>
<doc id="19636989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19636989" title="Haliacmon (mythology)">
Haliacmon (mythology)

Haliacmon (or Aliacmon, Ancient Greek: ) was in Greek mythology a son of Oceanus and Thetys. He was a minor river god in his own right, of the eponymous Haliacmon in Macedonia. In other mythological traditions he was the son of Palaestinus and grandson of Poseidon.

</doc>
<doc id="19637009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637009" title="Kądziołka">
Kądziołka

Kądziołka is a Polish surname, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19637013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637013" title="Megelli Motorcycles">
Megelli Motorcycles

Megelli Motorcycles is a British motorcycle manufacturer, which made its debut at the Milan EICMA exhibition in November 2007. Megelli motorcycles was founded by the Managing Director of SLD UK Ltd, Barry Hall, who previously specialised in off road Aeon all-terrain vehicles, Mini bikes and Pit bikes. The Megelli range is currently sold in 37 countries in Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa, North America and South America.
Development.
Barry Hall's access to specialist 'virtual' motorcycle design centres and established UK vehicle production and engineering facilities enabled the company to progress from the initial vision to production of motorcycles in three years. The original design sketches were produced in July 2005 and test production began in September 2007. By December 2007 the range was on sale worldwide.
Megelli Motorcycles are designed and engineered in the UK using new bespoke tooling for the majority of components with final assembly in China. Approximately 75% of the components are from Taiwanese companies. This includes the engines with high specification ceramic coated cylinders from SYM and speedometer from KOSO. The main frame, swinging arm, sub frame and engine cradle, all forged components are also from Taiwanese based companies.
Model range.
There are three bikes in the Megelli motorcycle range, all featuring the same "125 cc", , four-stroke engine, and frame. 
The Motard is a supermoto-styled road bike. The 125M has a seat height of and a wheelbase of , longer and higher than either of the street-styled bikes due to the length of the suspension and shocks. There is also the racing styled 125R, full faired with a split twin headlamp assembly. Seat height: . Wheelbase: . Finally, the Naked 125S version is almost identical to the 125R all be it with significantly less aero parts and a single front light assembly. Seat height: . Wheelbase: .
All three bikes feature an under seat exhaust.
Megelli has finished working on a "250 cc" engine version for the American, Asia and Australian markets. The bore and stroke was increased from to . Keeping with the single-cylinder four-stroke design has meant that horsepower was increased from 11 hp to around 26 hp. Weight was increased from . The 250 is available as in the same three configurations as the 125R/S/M.
Specification.
All three models share the same four-stroke single-cylinder engine with a compression of 10:1, DENI carburettor and CDI ignition. Drive is via a six-speed gearbox and it has electric start and disc brakes. The 4 Valve OHC 26 HP single-cylinder engine provides smooth power delivery in addition to an aluminium multi twin spar trellis frame and T6 aluminium trellis swing-arm. The suspension consists of a telescopic front fork with aluminium dropouts and a mono pre-load adjustable rear suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="19637031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637031" title="2008 Nevada budget crisis">
2008 Nevada budget crisis

The 2008 budget crisis in Nevada is an ongoing fiscal crisis in which the state faces a budget shortfall of at least $1.2 billion out of a $6.8 billion budget. The budget crisis is a result of the larger subprime mortgage crisis and the late-2000s recession.
The budget shortfall resulted in Governor of Nevada Jim Gibbons and the Nevada State Legislature making large cuts to many state programs and agencies.
Origins.
As the fastest growing state in the U.S. during the United States housing bubble, Nevada was hit especially hard by subprime mortgage crisis. The Nevada Policy Research Institute argues that the state government raised taxes during an economic boom and increased government spending more than 20% in 2004. The shortfall for 2008 and 2009 resulted from, they argue, government spending money at unsustainable levels.
Las Vegas Housing Crisis.
The libertarian Nevada Policy Research Institute blames the financial crisis in Nevada, especially Las Vegas, on poor monetary policies, moral hazards created by government bailouts, and bad regulations such as the Community Reinvestment Act and the Security and Exchange Commission allowing several investment banks to increase their capital ratios. The result, according to NPRI was to rapidly increase home prices in Nevada, from a median level of about $130,000 to about $330,000 in less than 3 years.
NPRI created a chart that documents this rapid rise in home prices. It can be viewed here:http://npri.org/docLib/20081013_Chart_Las_Vegas_Home_Prices.pdf
Solving the Budget Crisis.
Several camps have emerged with solutions to solving the budget crisis.
Governor Jim Gibbons has successfully pushed for spending cuts, which have so far allowed Nevada to balance its budget. Gibbons has opposed placing limits on government spending and currently opposes raising taxes.
State Assembly Speaker Barbara Buckley has proposed restructuring the tax code so it is less reliant on gaming and sales taxes which she claims makes up more than 60% of the general fund revenue. She also supports increasing the rainy day fund. Barbara Buckley is supported by Nevada System of Higher Education Chancellor Jim Rogers and TV personality Jon Ralston.
The Nevada Policy Research Institute supports balancing the budget by reducing spending but argues that Nevada needs spending limits and a larger rainy day fund. NPRI, state senator Bob Beers and Chuck Muth of Citizen Outreach all oppose raising taxes.

</doc>
<doc id="19637048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637048" title="Alison (given name)">
Alison (given name)

Alison is a given name, usually a feminine name in English-speaking countries. It was originally a medieval French nickname for "Alis", old form of Alice derived with the suffix "-on" or "-son" sometimes used in the former French nicknames such as Jeanson ("little Jean") or Pierson ("little Pierre").
The variant spelling Allison is the most common form in the United States.
Other variations include Alisson, Allyson, Alyson, Alysson, Alicen and Alycen, with nicknames Allie, Alley, Alie, Ali, Ally, Aly, Aley and Alli.
Allison also has separate roots as a family name, which is of disputed meaning. When the surname Allison is used as a given name, it is traditionally masculine.
In countries including Brazil and Indonesia, Alison and variant forms are also used as masculine given names.
Alison, variant form Alizon, is a French surname.
Popularity.
The name is first recorded in Scotland in the 12th century. It was popular until the early 19th century and, spelled Allison, was the 45th most common name given to baby girls in the United States in 2005 (Allyson was #253; Alison, #259; Alyson, #468; Allie, #256; Ally, #656; and Alice, #414). In 1990 in the United States, Allison was the 228th most popular name for women of "all" ages; Alison was #347, Allyson, #775; Alyson, #981; Allie, #764; Ali, #2434; and Alice, #51. Alison in any spelling didn't enter the top 100 baby names in 2005 in England and Wales, but Alice did come in at #44.
Allison last entered the top 1000 baby names for males in the United States in the 1946, when it ranked #968. In the 1910s it ranked from 667 to 981 with an average of #835, and in the first decade of the 20th century, it ranked as high as #927.
1946 #968 0.003

</doc>
<doc id="19637053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637053" title="Uncial 096">
Uncial 096

Uncial 096 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1004 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th-century. 
Descritpion.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 2:6-17; 26:7-18, on two parchment leaves (29 cm by 22 cm). The text is written in one column per page, 26 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in Georgian, in the 10th-century.
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-types. Aland placed it in Category III.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The codex is located now at the Russian National Library (Gr. 19) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19637067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637067" title="FabricLive.42">
FabricLive.42

FabricLive.42 is a 2008 mix album by Freq Nasty. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
Critical reception.
The album was positively received by critics, with Artistdirect giving its 4.5 out of 5, calling it music "you throw on when the only passengers in your car are two recently emptied cans of Red Bull and a woofer". "Remix" called it a "wild romp through present-day breaks and bass". Rick Anderson of Allmusic stated "each track comes across as fairly unexpected: you know it's going to be funky, you know the beats are probably going to lurch around crazily with lots of squelchy synth and frequent reggae vocal samples, but beyond that there's no telling what's going to happen. At its best, the result is thrilling".

</doc>
<doc id="19637074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637074" title="Greedy Dead Souls">
Greedy Dead Souls

Greedy Dead Souls is the first studio album released by Japanese rock band Lynch. It was released on April 20th 2005 by Marginal Works in Japan. Only 1000 copies of the album were pressed.
Track listing.
All music by Lynch. All Lyrics by Hazuki.
Personnel.
Hazuki - Lead Vocals<br>
Reo - Guitars, vocals<br>
Asanao - Drums<br>
Yukino - Bass (guest)<BR>
A.A - Vocals (guest, track 7)<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19637084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637084" title="Chua Beng Huat">
Chua Beng Huat

Chua Beng Huat () is a Singaporean sociologist. He is a Provost Professor and the Head of the Department of Sociology at National University of Singapore (NUS), and concurrently the Cluster Leader of the Cultural Studies in Asia program at the Asia Research Institute (ARI).
Chua did not have an early start in social sciences or humanities. Instead, he studied Biology and Chemistry in his undergraduate years. In the 1960s where college campuses in North America were fertile ground for counterculture, his involvement with student political activities made him realize that he didn’t have the right personality for natural science. He headed to York University, Toronto, to take up Environmental Studies in 1970. A year later, he switched to Sociology and received a M.A and a PhD.
On whether his lack of an undergraduate degree in Sociology posed an obstacle in his graduate years, Chua remarked, “Probably it was a blessing in disguise. I think if I had done undergraduate degrees in Sociology, I would have sort of glossed over lots of important theoretical readings, feeling that I already know them. Because I didn’t, I read most of the classic texts during my first year in the M.A program. That probably was foundationally the most important thing that happened. I find that with that kind of grounding substantive fields are fairly easy to take up and put down. After twenty five years, I still think that is true.” 
Early works.
Chua’s emphasis on the theoretical over the substantive is evident in his PhD dissertation. Written at a time when an understanding of how reality is socially constructed was just beginning to emerge, he used the Preliminary Report of the Canadian Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism to analyze how government reports are written such that they are demonstrably democratic. It was a phenomenological, ethnomethodological and interpretive piece that exposed mechanisms by which democracy is made visible in texts.
“I could have written on reports on crime or whatever because the substance was not important. The really important issue is the production of democracy textually in government reports because government reports, in whatever field, urban planning or deviance or policing, must not be seen as biased in any particular way. It was the processes, procedures and practices – how to manage information that was coming into the report – that was important to me. Specifically, I was not interested in anything substantive. I was only interested in the practices of how one actually uses the structure of the text so that it would appear to be unquestionably democratic,” Commenting on his dissertation: “One of the interesting things I think most people don’t realize is that those kinds of ethnomethodological work can actually be used for social change. Knowing how reality is put together is to know, at the same time, how it can be deconstructed. If you know how reality is constructed, then you know how it can be changed.” 
Shortly after his graduate studies, Chua taught at Trent University, Ontario for about seven or eight years. In 1984, the Housing and Development Board (HDB) has offered him the Director of Research post. He returned to Singapore and took up the position. He began to stray away from wholly theoretical work and focused on writing critically about Singapore as well, including writing a weekly column in the national newspaper, The Straits Times, for one year. As he explained, “Once I came back to Singapore, to a certain extent, what happens locally politically gets personalized. I feel not just the responsibility but also the right to be critically analytical of a society to which my own life is embedded. In that sense, I kind of changed from being an academic to a more public intellectual; in Canada, I was basically an academic whose concerns are of conceptual and theoretical questions of how to do Sociology.” 
His knack for scrutinizing the workings of the Singapore society and his insistence on doing so publicly did not go unnoticed. Within a year, he was fired from his job at HDB for his critical writings of Singapore politics. He joined NUS afterward, and has been there since 1985. The turn of events did not make Chua ease up on his public assessments of social reality in Singapore and beyond. In fact, it freed him of the constraint of being a civil servant and his research and writings expanded into more areas.
Current research interests.
His research efforts are focused at three key areas; comparative politics in Southeast Asia, urban and housing planning, and Cultural Studies in Asia.
One noteworthy work in the area of comparative politics in Southeast Asia is his discussion of communitarian politics. He asserts that the liberalism and democracy do not necessarily have to go hand in hand in Asia. With nationhood being a new phenomenon and liberalism lacking deep historical roots in much of Asia, he questioned what other values instead of those of liberalism might be promoted in these regions, and analyzed dynamics that surround construing national ideologies in communitarian terms. In this way, he revealed how social practices in parts of Asia disrupt the global hegemony of liberalism. In "Communitarian Ideology and Democracy in Singapore" for instance, a book that radically reoriented the analysis of politics in Singapore, he demonstrated that the undisrupted reign of People’s Action Party (PAP) was based on its ability to develop and maintain a Gramscian sense of ideological hegemony, since the mid-1970s, rather than on authoritarianism. This ideological hegemony had enabled the Party to shift towards the concept of ‘Asian democracy’, an attempt to supplant liberalism with ‘Asian’ communitarism.
In the area of urban and housing planning, Chua has made inquiries into the uniqueness of public housing in Singapore, with it being neither an investment and consumer good in a free market, nor a social right as in socialist nations. In "Political legitimacy and Housing: Stakeholding in Singapore" for example, he shows that the success of its unique public housing system, which guarantees a home for all citizens, is a fundamental contribution to the ideological hegemony and thus legitimacy of the single-party state in Singapore.
By the mid-1990s, as the capitalist economies in East Asia developed, Chua turned his attention to popular consumer culture. This resulted firstly in editing, "Consumption in Asia: lifestyles and identities", a volume in the Routledge New Rich in Asia Series. This was followed by the attention-grabbing neon pink book "Life is Not Complete without Shopping". Playfully drawing its title from a 1996 National Day Rally speech by the then Prime Minister of Singapore Goh Chok Tong, this book explored how Singapore’s social reality is constituted in an environment steeped in global consumer imagery. In it, he wrote about bodies, food, clothes and movies, diverse activities like hanging out at the town centre McDonald’s, riding the escalator at Ngee Ann City, a major shopping complex, and looking at price tags at Prada came together as analytical objects.
By the late 1990s, Chua became increasingly interested in Cultural Studies. He became a founding Co-Executive Editor of the journal Inter-Asia Cultural Studies. With financial support from the Asia Research Institute at National University of Singapore, where he leads the Cultural Studies in Asia Research Cluster, he organized conferences and workshops in related topics and themes. Edited volumes, such as "Political Elections as Popular Culture" and "East Asian Pop Culture: analyzing the Korean Wave", are results of these workshops. With these organizing and publication efforts, he has helped to develop a research community of scholars who are engaged in analyzing Asia pop music, film and television dramas.
Other interests.
Chua is an avid supporter of the arts. He was the Artistic Director of a multi-disciplinary group show SENI in 2004, and served on the Board of Directors for FOCAS, a now-defunct not-for-profit publishing initiative that primarily concerned itself with contemporary art, politics and social change in Singapore and Southeast Asia. Presently, he is on the International Advisory Board for the Asian Film Archive (AFA) and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Temenggong Artists-In-Residence, a centre for artistic exchange and residence in Singapore.
Major publications.
Books
2003
"Life is Not Complete without Shopping", Singapore: Singapore University Press.
1997
"Political Legitimacy and Housing: Stakeholding in Singapore", London and New York: Routledge.
1995
"Communitarian Ideology and Democracy in Singapore", London and New York: Routledge.
Edited volumes
2008
(with Arndt Graf) P"ort Cities in Asia and Europe", London: Routledge.
(with Koichi Iwabuchi) E"ast Asian Pop Culture: Analyzing the Korean Wave", Hong Kong: Hong Kong University Press.
2007
(with Kuan-Hsing Chen) "The Inter-Asia Cultural Studies Reader", London: Routledge.
"Elections as Popular Culture in Asia", New York and London: Routledge.
2004
"Communitarian Politics in Asia", London and New York: RoutledgeCurzon.
2000
"Consumption in Asia: Lifestyles and Identities", London and New York: Routledge.
1999
"Singapore Studies II: Critical Survey of the Humanities and Social Sciences", Singapore: Singapore University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19637096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637096" title="Pentarchy (disambiguation)">
Pentarchy (disambiguation)

Pentarchy is a term in the history of Christianity for the idea of universal rule over all of Christendom by the heads of the five major episcopal sees of the Roman Empire.
Pentarchy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637109" title="Harbor View House">
Harbor View House

Harbor View House, formerly the Army and Navy Y.M.C.A., is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #252) located in the San Pedro section of Los Angeles, California, near the Port of Los Angeles. It is a five-story Spanish Colonial Revival style structure located on a bluff overlooking the harbor.
History.
The Army and Navy Y.M.C.A. was dedicated in 1926 as a recreation center for servicemen at Fort MacArthur, offering 300 dormitory rooms, a gymnasium, running track, banquet room, patio, pool, boxing and wrestling rooms and a coffee shop. It provided recreation and temporary quarters for over four million men during World War II, and was visited by celebrities, including Bob Hope and Lucille Ball. 
The facility was converted to civilian use in 1947, offering accommodations to young travelers and senior citizens. Since 1967, it has been known as Harbor View House, offering housing for the mentally ill.
Present day.
Since September 1967 Harbor View House has been operated as a residence serving the mentally ill. It is licensed a 204 bed Adult Residential Facility, Mentally Ill by the California Department of Social Services and an 83 bed Intermediate Care Nursing Facility by the California Department of Public Health Services. It is owned and operated by HealthView, Inc. a non-profit organization. It also contains HealthView Behavioral Services an outpatient mental health clinic operated under contract from the Los Angeles Department of Mental Health. In 1994 the building underwent seismic retrofit renovation after the receiving damage from the Northridge earthquake. The swimming pool was filled in and offices were created in the space above the pool during this renovation this time. Many features still remain like the coffee shop, gymnasium and running track. Harbor View House continues to be the largest licensed unlocked facility offering a variety of services for the mentally ill in the state of California.

</doc>
<doc id="19637131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637131" title="Underneath the Skin">
Underneath the Skin

Underneath the Skin is an EP released by Japanese rock band Lynch.. It was released on 16 November 2005 by Marginal Works in Japan. All of the songs on the EP were re-recorded for the album The Buried.

</doc>
<doc id="19637136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637136" title="Uncial 097">
Uncial 097

Uncial 097 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1003 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th-century.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 13:39-46, on one parchment leaf (26 cm by 21 cm). The text is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page, in large uncial letters. It is a palimpsest, the upper text was written in Georgian, in the 10th century.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is mixed, but predominate the Byzantine element. Aland placed it with some hesitation in Category III (Category V?).
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
The manuscript was examined by Constantin von Tischendorf, who published its text in facsimile edition. It was again examined by Kurt Treu.
The codex is located now at the Russian National Library (Gr. 18) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19637138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637138" title="Heart of Illinois Fair">
Heart of Illinois Fair

The Heart of Illinois Fair is an annual fair featuring livestock competitions, rides, concessions, motor contests, and concerts. It has been held every year since 1949 in Peoria, Illinois.
Focus.
Over the years, the fair has grown from being centered solely on rides, games, and foods to being centered on bigger events, such as rock concerts, livestock competitions, and tractor pulls.
Venue.
The Heart of Illinois Fair takes place every year at Exposition Gardens in northwest Peoria. Exposition Gardens is a non-profit organization whose goals involve providing opportunities for educational and recreational events. A full hook up camping area is also featured on the grounds.
Events.
Concerts.
Over the past years, rock concerts have become a popular part of the fair. The acts that were featured in the 2008 Heart of Illinois Fair included Mojo Risin (a Doors Tribute Band), Puddle of Mudd, Saving Abel, Drowning Pool, Christian Comedian Joe Recca, Next Generation Wrestling, Night Storm Teen Dance Party, and Confederate Railroad
Motorsports.
All motorsport events take place in the arena located at Exposition Gardens. Motorsports events and competitions include truck and tractor pulls, super semi pulls, demolition derbies, and bog and mud drags.
Livestock show.
The fair features livestock shows for beef cattle, dairy cattle, sheep, goats, horses, and pigs, as well as pig racing.
Home Arts.
The fair's Home Arts department features include gardening, floriculture, textiles, photography exhibits, food competitions, hobby shows, and science exhibits.

</doc>
<doc id="19637163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637163" title="Our Party (Bosnia and Herzegovina)">
Our Party (Bosnia and Herzegovina)

Our Party (Bosnian, Croatian, and Serbian: "Naša stranka"/Наша странка, NS/НС) is a social liberal and multiethnic political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina, founded in 2008. It is active in both entities of the country, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Republika Srpska. Its leader is Dennis Gratz. One of the party's founders is the Academy Award-winning film director Danis Tanović. The party aims to break the dominance of nationalist parties in the Bosnian political system.

</doc>
<doc id="19637177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637177" title="William Poole House">
William Poole House

The William Poole House, also known as the William Cade Thompson House, is a historic plantation house and historic district in Dayton, Alabama. The Greek Revival style house was completed in 1848. It and the surrounding grounds were added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 7, 1994 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission. 
History.
The house was built by John D. Catlin for his ward, Sarah Altona Terrell, and her husband, William Cade Thompson. He had it built as a wedding gift and to serve as their residence following their marriage on August 10, 1847. Catlin was one of Alabama's first millionaires, owning three plantations, a townhouse, and 179 slaves in 1850. The house remained in the Thompson family for less than a decade, with William Thompson dying on May 25, 1854 and Sarah following him on July 6, 1856. The house was then purchased by the Browning family, who held it until it was sold to the Watlington family in September 1882. They, in turn, sold it to David Miller Prowell on July 14, 1917. It remained in that family until 1959. It was purchased by Mr. and Mrs. William Poole in 1978. They completed an extensive restoration of the home.

</doc>
<doc id="19637188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637188" title="Slingsby Kirby Cadet">
Slingsby Kirby Cadet

The Slingsby T.7 Kirby Cadet is a British training glider designed and built by Slingsby that first flew in 1935 and saw service with the Royal Air Force for use by the Air Training Corps as the Cadet TX.1 throughout the 1950, 1960s and 1970s.
Design and development.
The T.7 was developed to specification 20/43 from the civilian Kirby Kadet to meet an Air Ministry requirement for a training glider as part of the air cadet programme, and it entered service as the Cadet TX.1 with the Royal Air Force. It was further developed with a change of wing into the T.8 Kirby Tutor (service name Cadet TX.2) which in turn was developed into a two-seat version the T.31B Tandem Tutor (service name Cadet TX.3).
One number in Sri Lanka air force

</doc>
<doc id="19637190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637190" title="1970–71 DFB-Pokal">
1970–71 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1970–71 was the 28th season of the competition. It began on 12 December 1970 and ended on 19 June 1971. 32 teams competed in the tournament of five rounds. In the final Bayern Munich defeated FC Köln 2–1 after extra time. It was Bayern's fifth triumph in the cup while it was Cologne's second consecutive loss in the final.
Mode.
The tournament consisted of five single elimination rounds. In case a game ended with a draw 30 minutes of extra time were played. If the score was still level the game was replayed with 30 minutes of extra time in case of another draw. For the first time a penalty shootout was held if no winner could be determined after the replay.

</doc>
<doc id="19637203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637203" title="Shlomo Sand">
Shlomo Sand

Shlomo Sand (pronounced "Zand"; ) (born 10 September 1946 in Linz, Austria) is an Israeli professor of history at Tel Aviv University. He is an expert in the history of nationalism, film as history, and French intellectual history.
Biography.
Sand was born in Linz, Austria, to Polish Jewish survivors of the Holocaust. His parents had Communist and anti-imperialist views and refused to accept compensation from Germany for their suffering during the Second World War. Sand spent his first two years in a displaced-persons camp near Munich, and moved with the family to Jaffa in 1948. He was expelled from high school at the age of sixteen. According to one interview, “Sand spent the late 1960s and early 1970s working a series of odd jobs, including several years as a telephone lineman.” He completed his high-school work at age 25 and spent three years in the military. The Six Day War, in which he served, “pushed him towards the radical left.” Quitting the Union of Israeli Communist Youth (Banki), he joined the more radical, and anti-Zionist, Matzpen in 1968. He resigned from Matzpen in 1970 due to his disillusionment with the organisation.
Declining an offer by the Israeli Communist Party Rakah to be sent to do cinema studies in Poland, Sand graduated with a BA in History from Tel Aviv University in 1975. Determined to “abandon everything” Israeli, he moved to France, where, from 1975 to 1985, after winning a scholarship, he studied and taught in Paris, receiving an MA in French History and a PhD for his thesis on "Georges Sorel and Marxism." Since 1982, Sand has taught at Tel Aviv University as well as at the University of California, Berkeley, and the École des hautes études en sciences sociales in Paris.
In 1983, according to one source, Sand “took part in a heated exchange over Zeev Sternhell’s Ni droite, ni gauche: l’idéologie fasciste en France, and later drew the ire of Claude Lanzmann with his 2002 book in Hebrew, Film as History, in which he not only passed scathing judgement on Lanzmann’s Shoah, but also revealed that the film had been secretly funded by the Israeli government.”
Views.
While acknowledging “the affinity between Jews and the holy land,” Sand has said that “I don’t think the religious affinity to the land gives you historical right.” Still, he supports Israel's existence “not because of historical right, but because of the fact that it exist today and any effort to destroy it will bring new tragedies.” He explained that he doesn't call himself a Zionist, but “a post-Zionist and non-Zionist because the justification of this land is not historical right.”
Comparing the Palestinians to children of rape, Sand has said that Israel “raped a population. And not only a population – we destroyed this society, in constituting the Israeli state.” He opposes the law of return an the right of return. Still, “Israel has to be the state of Israelis. That is the only way we can continue to live in the middle east.” He argues that before Hitler, Jews were overwhelmingly against Zionism, and the concept of “Eretz Israel” was not about an earthly homeland but about something more spiritual. He also opposes the one-state solution because, while “very very popular in leftist circles,” it is “not serious” because Israelis, being “one of the most racist societies in the western world,” will never accept it. Thus he supports a “two state solution on the borders of ’67, taking out most of the settlers. I don’t think it will be a big problem.”
Criticism of gene studies.
In 2010, when Harry Ostrer, a Jewish professor of genetics at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, announced the results of a DNA study showing “powerful genetic markers of Jewish ancestry,” Sand told Science Magazine that “Hitler would certainly have been very pleased.” Writing in the Chronicle of Higher Education, Josh Fischman noted that Sand's argument in The Invention of the Jews “that Jews arose from converting many local communities in Europe and elsewhere...is contradicted by Ostrer's work, which shows that geographically and culturally distant Jews still have more genes in common than they do with non-Jews around them, and that those genes can be traced back to the Levant, an area including modern-day Israel.” Ostrer was offended by Sand's attack: “Bringing up Hitler was overheated and misconstrues my work,” he said. But Sand reiterated his criticism, writing in an email to Fischman that “It is a shame for somebody who defines himself as a Jew to look for a Jewish gene.”
Genetic support for Shlomo Sand has come from Johns Hopkins University geneticist Dr. Eran Elhaik [http://eelhaik.aravindachakravartilab.org/] who published the genetic study "The Missing Link of Jewish European Ancestry: Contrasting the Rhineland and the Khazarian Hypotheses" in December 2012. Sand was quoted widely in a December 28, 2012 Haaretz newspaper article discussing Dr. Elhaik's work. And the journal Genome Biology and Evolution also ran a news piece mentioning Sand, in relation to Elhaik's research; "For Shlomo Sand, history professor at Tel Aviv University and author of the controversial book The Invention of the Jewish People, Elhaik's paper was a vindication of his long-held ideas."
"The Invention of the Jewish People".
Sand’s best-known book in English is "The Invention of the Jewish People", originally published in Hebrew (Resling, 2008) as "Matai ve’eich humtsa ha‘am hayehudi?" ("When and How Was the Jewish People Invented?") and translated into English the following year (Verso, 2009).It has generated a heated controversy.
The book was in the best-seller list in Israel for nineteen weeks. An English translation of the book was published by Verso Books in October 2009. The book has also been translated into German, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, Arabic, and Russian, and as of late 2009 further translations were underway. "The Invention of the Jewish People" has now been translated into more languages than any other Israeli history book.
"The Invention of the Land of Israel".
In April 2012, a sequel, "The Invention of the Land of Israel", was published in Hebrew by Kinneret Zmora-Bitan Dvir. It was published in English in 2013.
"How I Ceased to Be a Jew".
In 2013, Sand published a book entitled "How I Ceased to Be a Jew". The book examines the question of Jewish identity and the distinction between being a Jew and being Israeli. It also examines the identity of Israel, with a focus on the country's relationship, as a “Jewish state,” to Jews around the world and to its non-Jewish citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="19637230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637230" title="Rutina Wesley">
Rutina Wesley

Rutina Wesley (born February 1, 1979) is an American film, stage, and television actress best known for her role as Tara Thornton on the HBO series "True Blood".
Early life and education.
Wesley was born and raised in Las Vegas, Nevada. Wesley's father, Ivery Wheeler, is a professional tap dancer and her mother, Cassandra Wesley, was a showgirl. She attended high school at the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies, Performing and Visual Arts. She studied dance at Simba Studios and the West Las Vegas Arts Center.
While at the Las Vegas Academy, Wesley missed several other auditions for college training programs and was finally accepted by the University of Evansville in Indiana. She was hesitant in joining the university because of a lack of minorities in the state. After earning her undergraduate degree in Theatre Performance (B.F.A. 2001), her grandmother suggested that she do a nursing course, but Wesley insisted on pursuing her education. She joined the Juilliard School in 2001 and graduated in May 2005 ("Group 34"), which included a summer spent at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. At Juilliard, she became close friends with her future co-star Nelsan Ellis ("Group 33": 2000–2004).
Career.
In December 2006, Wesley was featured in David Hare's Broadway play "The Vertical Hour". In 2007, Wesley also appeared in The Public Theater production of "In Darfur" by playwright Winter Miller, co-starring Heather Raffo, Aaron Lohr among others.
Wesley had a minor role in 2005 film "Hitch", which was edited in the final cut. However, she made her on screen debut in the lead role in 2007 film "How She Move", from British director Ian Iqbal Rashid. The character Raya Green, who enters a step dancing competition to secure funds for her education, was inspired by Tony Manero, portrayed by John Travolta in "Saturday Night Fever". Prior to the shooting of the film, Wesley underwent a five-week dance rehearsal period. Portraying a woman of Jamaican descent, she also took dialect coaching for the role. Wesley auditioned for the role Tara Thornton in the HBO series "True Blood" in 2007 and secured the part after creator Alan Ball chose her because "was the first person who showed [Tara's vulnerable side".
In June 2011, it was reported that Wesley will star in the biopic "Left To Tell" based on Immaculée Ilibagiza's bestselling memoir about the Rwandan Genocide.
Personal life.
Wesley divides her time between Los Angeles and Astoria, Queens. In 2005 she married her former Juilliard classmate Jacob Fishel, an actor. Rutina filed for divorce on August 16, 2013 citing irreconcilable differences.

</doc>
<doc id="19637235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637235" title="Allison">
Allison

Allison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637253" title="2008–09 Serbian First League">
2008–09 Serbian First League

The Serbian First Football League (Serbian: "Prva Liga Telekom Srbija") is the second-highest football league in Serbia. The league is operated by the Serbian FA. 18 teams will compete in this league for the 2008–09 season. Five teams will be promoted to the Serbian Superliga and two will be relegated the Serbian League, the third-highest division overall in the Serbian football league system.

</doc>
<doc id="19637258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637258" title="Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority">
Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority

The Norwegian Labour Inspection Authority () is Norwegian government agency under the Ministry of Labour. It is responsible for supervising the "Working Environment Act", the "Annual Holidays Act", the "National Holidays Act " as well as certain sections of the "Smoking Act".
The organization consists of a Directorate ("Direktoratet for Arbeidstilsynet") based in Trondheim, seven regional offices and sixteen local offices spread around the country.
Heads of the Directorate, and thereby of the whole organization, have been Olav Hindahl (1946–1963), Bjarne Dahlberg (1963–1977), Odd Højdahl (1977–1988), Dagfinn Habberstad (1988–1994), Ivar Leveraas (1994–2006) and Ingrid Finboe Svendsen (2006–present).

</doc>
<doc id="19637300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637300" title="Place of Execution">
Place of Execution

Place of execution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637302" title="École élémentaire catholique Élisabeth-Bruyère">
École élémentaire catholique Élisabeth-Bruyère

École élémentaire catholique Élisabeth-Bruyère is an elementary school situated in the Western region of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It is operated by the Conseil des écoles catholiques du Centre-Est.

</doc>
<doc id="19637374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637374" title="2003 BellSouth Open – Singles">
2003 BellSouth Open – Singles

Fernando González was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
David Sánchez won in the final 1–6, 6–3, 6–3 against Marcelo Ríos.

</doc>
<doc id="19637376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637376" title="Il nano e la strega">
Il nano e la strega

Languages.
The film was released in three forms in English, one version of the film was a direct dub of the Italian version, with a few quick cuts, this version was released in theatres and on VHS in the UK in the 80s, the second version was on the VHS 'Dirty Little Adult Cartoons: volume 2', with German subtitles, the dubbing was done in-house, most of which is improvised and doesn't match the mouth movements as well as the first dub, the third version was a 1987 porn VHS called Sheena in Wonderland, which featured the same version as Dirty adult cartoons, except with the female lead commenting on the film throughout, with scenes of the host having sex with other men throughout.
A German Language version exists under the title, 'Zi Zi Pan Pan'.
Response.
The film was unsuccessful when it first came out in cinemas, but gained a mild cult following in the UK after being released on video, as it was known as in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="19637444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637444" title="SBACH">
SBACH

sBACH is an American band from Nevada City, California, led by Spencer Seim of the band Hella and drummer of The Advantage. Although Seim plays all instruments on recorded material, he plays drums live, and has a live band which includes Ben Milner (of The Advantage), Justin Hunt, and Keith Dailey all playing guitar and synthesizer.

</doc>
<doc id="19637464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637464" title="Oscar Ljung">
Oscar Ljung

Oscar Ljung (6 September 1909 – 29 April 1999) was a Swedish film actor. He appeared in 44 films between 1935 and 1983. He was born in Landskrona, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19637501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637501" title="Ayumi Tsunematsu">
Ayumi Tsunematsu


</doc>
<doc id="19637512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637512" title="Lewis Ganson">
Lewis Ganson

Lewis Jack Ganson (1913 West Ham, Essex) – 22 December 22, 1980 Hampshire) was an English magician who become one of the most prolific writers in magic, going on to write more than sixty books on the subject.
For years, he was the editor of Harry Stanley's "The Gen" and contributor to "Magigram" magazines. He was also a vice president of the British Ring of the International Brotherhood of Magicians and founder member of the Portsmouth and district magic circle.
Ganson was a professional close-up magician, except for his time in the Royal Army Ordnance Corps 1939–1958.

</doc>
<doc id="19637515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637515" title="Ethiopia–Turkey relations">
Ethiopia–Turkey relations

Ethiopian–Turkish relations are foreign relations between Ethiopia and Turkey. Ethiopia opened an embassy in Ankara in 1959, but was forced to close it in 1976 due to economic constraints; it was recently re-opened in 2006. The Ottoman Empire had an honorary Consul in Harar during 1910-1912, and opened a diplomatic consulate in Addis Ababa in 1912; the Republic of Turkey re-opened a consulate in that city, headed by Charge d'affaires, in 1925. Turkey was the sixth country to open an embassy in Ethiopia. Today the relations between the two countries have been described as excellent, both politically and economically.
Numerous Ministers of the Ethiopian government have made formal visits to Turkey, while Undersecretaries of the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Turkish Director General for Security, Dr. Turan Genc have likewise visited Ethiopia.
In December 2008, Turkey sent a trade delegation to Ethiopia, which met with the Prime Minister, the Minister of Trade and Industry Girma Biru, and the President of the Oromia Region Abadula Gemeda, as well as visited Turkish-owned textiles factories in Ethiopia. A senior official of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, who attended the discussion, expressed the hope that Turkey could share its experience and provide assistance to ongoing efforts to rehabilitate and extend its railway system.
There are also two Ethiopian-Turkish athletes: Elvan Abeylegesse and Alemitu Bekele.

</doc>
<doc id="19637519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637519" title="Eusebio Delfín">
Eusebio Delfín

Eusebio Delfín Figueroa (Palmira, 1 April 1893 – Havana, 28 April 1965) was a Cuban trovador musician: a composer, guitarist and singer. He came from a prominent family but with many economical problems, and was trained as an accountant in Cienfuegos, where his family had moved. He also studied guitar and song, and sang in public for the first time in 1916 at the Terry Theatre in Cienfuegos. 
Delfín became Director of the Banco Comercial, and married Amalia Bacardi y Cape, a daughter of Emilio Bacardí, the rum magnate, author and an ex-mayor of Santiago de Cuba.
Musical career.
Delfín studied violin and flute, but soon switched to guitar and song. His guitar teacher was Fernando Barrios, and his singing coach was Vincente Sánchez Torralba.
Beginning in 1921, he recorded many Cuban songs, both solo and in duets with partners such as Rita Montaner. The first 78rpm with Montaner was "Pensamiento" (by Rafael 
Gómez, 'Teofilito'). In 1922 he organised, with Eduardo Sánchez de Fuentes, concerts of typical Cuban music in Havana and Cienfuegos. A relatively wealthy man, Delfín donated much of his royalties to charity in Cienfuegos.
According to Guyún, Delfin was responsible for changing the style used to accompany boleros. In the 1920s, boleros were often accompanied by guitar in "rayado" or "rasgueado" manner (~strumming); Delfin changed that to a semi-arpeggio style (~picking). He also repeated the rhythm by time and a half, leaving the weak part of the second beat silent. His style became widely popular. His compositions include poetry put to music, such as "La Guinda", from a poem by Pedro Mata, and he also wrote his own lyrics, such as "Y tú qué has hecho?" (aka "En el trunco de un árbol".), "Ansia" and "Qué boca la tuya" 
At the soirées of the rich he sang boleros, with the result that the wealthy young became enthusiastic about the guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="19637521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637521" title="Open Bay Islands skink">
Open Bay Islands skink

The Open Bay Islands skink (or Open Bay Island skink), "Oligosoma taumakae", is a species of skink. It was described from the Open Bay Islands, off the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand. This species is diagnosed on the basis of several morphological characteristics, and its specific status is supported by mitochondrial sequence data (ND2, ND4). The new species appears to be most closely related to "Oligosoma acrinasum", "Oligosoma infrapunctatum", "Oligosoma otagense" and "Oligosoma waimatense". Predation by a flightless rail, the weka, which is native to New Zealand, but was introduced to the Open Bay Islands, is a major conservation concern. Until recently known only from the Open Bay Islands (both Taumaka and Popotai Islands), the species has subsequently been discovered on two apparently predator-free vegetated rock stacks located off the coast of Barn Bay, 52 km southwest of the Open Bay Islands.
Physical characteristics.
Max SVL (Snout to Vent length) = 78.8 mm

</doc>
<doc id="19637537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637537" title="Gunnar Bigum">
Gunnar Bigum

Gunnar Bigum (13 September 1914 – 30 March 1983) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 19 films between 1941 and 1968.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19637542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637542" title="Nicholas MacLeod">
Nicholas MacLeod

Nicholas Menalaus MacLeod (8 February 1870, Quebec – 27 September 1965, Spokane, Washington) was a Scottish–Canadian chess master. 
He took 6th at Ottawa 1881, tied for 3rd-9th at Quebec 1881/82, took 8th at Glasgow 1884, and finished 5th at Glasgow 1886 (the 3rd Scottish Chess Championship).
MacLeod won the Canadian Chess Championship in 1886 and 1888, and shared 1st but lost a play-off match for the title in 1887. He finished last out of 20 players at New York 1889 (the 6th American Chess Congress, won by Max Weiss and Mikhail Chigorin, losing a world-record 31 games while winning 6 and drawing 1. He finished 2nd at Quebec 1890. 
He was the only player to beat Emanuel Lasker in an 18-board simultaneous exhibition at Quebec on November 26, 1892. Lasker won 15, drew 2, and lost 1, to MacLeod. It may have been Lasker's worst loss, as he was two queens down.
He was Minnesota Champion in 1899, and won the second Western Chess Association Tournament (later called the U.S. Open Chess Championship) at Excelsior 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="19637543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637543" title="Soy Guerrero">
Soy Guerrero

Soy Guerrero ("I am Guerrero") is a statewide public television network, owned and operated by the "Organismo Público Descentralizado del Radio y Televisión de Guerrero" of the State of Guerrero. 
It broadcasts statewide terrestrially and on Satmex 5 C-band satellite nationally (4105 MHz, H, 2666kbit/s, FEC 3/4).

</doc>
<doc id="19637548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637548" title="Sayyid Sahib Husayni">
Sayyid Sahib Husayni

Hazrat Sayyid Sāhib Ḥusayni () (born 1805 - died January 9, 1880), was a famous Sufi saint from Hyderabad State, India and had a great influence over spiritual developments in the Deccan area. He belonged to Qadiri Order, and was a great proponent of the concept of Wahdat al-Shuhood.
Sahib Ḥusayni was a "murid" (disciple) of the noted Sufi saint of Hyderabad, Hazrat Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri, who also belonged to the Qadiri Order.
Biography.
As per the family tree preserved in the family records, Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni was a direct descendent of Prophet Muhammad through his daughter Fatimah and Ali ibn Abi Talib. The thirteenth in line from their descent was the famous sufi Shaikh Abdul Qadir Gilani, who founded the Qadiri Order and Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni is his direct descendent. Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni belongs to the forty-first generation after Fatimah.
He was born Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni in Tekmal in 1805. His father was Sayyid Abdur Razzaq who was also initiated into the Qadiri Order. This was during the period of the Nizam Mir Akbar Ali Khan Sikander Jah, Asaf Jah III of Hyderabad State.
Sahib Ḥusayni moved to Hyderabad city at the age of 14 to pursue his higher education and remained there for five years despite financial pressures. He was determined to acquire the knowledge of religious and worldly sciences. In 1824, he was forced to return to Tekmal due to illness and death of his father. That is when he realized that he had not been able to acquire the knowledge of spiritual awareness from his father who was very advanced in these matters.
Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni lamented this for a long time. Eventually he claims to have had dreams in 1825 which his father appeared and advised him to become the disciple of Hazrat Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri, who was a famous Sufi of his times in Hyderabad. Therefore, he sought out this great sufi, and became his disciple the following year in 1826. The same year, Hazrat Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri appointed Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni as his "khalifa" (successor). Having acquired this status, Sahib Husayni returned home to Tekmal.
During the upcoming years, Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri visited his khalifah Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni a number of times in Tekmal. During one such visit in 1831, he also granted the title of "sajjadah" to Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni
In 1833, Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri visited Tekmal again, and proclaimed that he would die in that town, and be buried there. A place for his grave was determined. He came again the following year in 1834 and expired and is buried in Tekmal according to his will. His death occurred on 2 Sha'aban 1249 Hijri. Twenty one years later in 1854, Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni had a mausoleum constructed over the tomb of his master.
Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni died in Tekmal in the year 1880 and his buried there. He left behind 5 sons and one daughter as follows:
Development activities.
Sayyid Sahib Husayni is remembered for the number of development works he initiated in and around Tekmal. Among the projects he undertook, the following ones are of key importance:
His works.
Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni wrote a number of books on aspects of Sufism.
His other famous works are the following books in Persian and Urdu languages:
Ancestry.
Sayyid Sahib Ḥusayni is a direct descendent of the Prophet Muhammad. His family lineage is as follows, which also indicates how his ancestors moved to India and eventually to Tekmal:

</doc>
<doc id="19637561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637561" title="Siege of Duncannon">
Siege of Duncannon

The Siege of Duncannon took place in 1645, during the Irish Confederate Wars. An Irish Catholic Confederate army under Thomas Preston besieged and successfully took the town of Duncannon in south eastern Ireland from its English Parliamentarian garrison. The siege was the first conflict in Ireland in which mortars were employed.
Background.
At the outbreak of the Irish Rebellion of 1641, most of south-eastern Ireland fell to the Catholic insurgents. Roughly 1,000 rebels blockaded Duncannon, which was heavily fortified and contained an English garrison of about 300 men. Around 150 of the English troops were killed in forays against the Irish at nearby Redmond's Hall, but without siege artillery, or expertise in siege warfare, the rebels were unable to take Duncannon.
Hostilities continued throughout 1642, as the Irish, now organised as the Irish Confederacy raided the town's hinterland. As in much of Ireland, the conflict was bitter. In one incident, Laurence Esmonde, Lord Esmonde, the Royalist commander hung 16 Irish prisoners who had been taken at nearby Ramsgrange. In response, the Irish executed 18 English prisoners whom they had been holding.
In 1643, because of his need for troops to fight in the English Civil War, Charles I signed a ceasefire with the Irish Confederates. As a result hostilities between Duncannon and the Catholic held surrounding area were suspended.
Esmonde Changes sides.
However, in 1644, the English garrison of Cork, under Lord Inchiquin, unhappy with the Royalist truce with the Irish Confederates, declared for the English Parliament, who were to remain hostile to Irish Catholic forces throughout the 1640s. Esmond, under pressure from elements of his garrison, also changed to the side of Parliament and effectively re-declared war on the Catholic Confederates. His motives are not entirely clear: though he was a Protestant convert, the Esmonde family were Anglo-Irish Roman Catholics, and he owed his entire advancement to the Crown.
Duncannon was a strategically important town for two reasons. Firstly, it had formidable defences. Secondly and more importantly, its guns overlooked the sea route to Waterford and New Ross, two of the most important Catholic held towns and also ports at which the Confederates received military aid from Catholic Europe.
Needing to keep this channel open and also fearing the presence of an English garrison deep in their territory, the Confederates' Supreme Council in Kilkenny despatched Thomas Preston, general of their Leinster Army, to take Duncannon in January 1645. Preston had at his disposal 1,300 men, four cannon and a mortar. The mortar, the first of its kind to be used in Ireland had been donated by Spain the previous year and was commanded by a French military engineer named Nicholas La Loue. La Loue had served with Preston in Flanders and was chief of engineering in the Leinster Army.
The Siege.
Duncannon possessed formidable defences. For one thing, it was located on a peninsula and could only be approached from the north, the other three sides jutting out into the sea. Just off the town were docked four Parliamentarian ships, which were supplying Duncannon with food and reinforcements. Secondly, it possessed two lines of fortifications, the outer line being a more modern low deep rampart protected by a dry ditch and the inner wall being a medieval curtain wall, complete with three towers. However, it had two grave weaknesses, first, it was overlooked by a hill to the north, from which an attacker could fire into the town and secondly the water supply was also located outside the walls. 
Preston arrived at Duncannon on January 20 and proceeded to construct a ring of trenches which cut off Duncannon on its landward side. From the hill that overlooked the town to the north, his guns were able to fire on a squadron of four Parliamentarian ships that were docked off Duncannon and providing the town with supplies. The Flagship, the "Great Louis" was badly damaged, its mast wrecked by cannon fire, and it took several more hits from the mortar as it tried to get away. The ship sunk in deep water, drowning its crew and 200 soldiers who had been on board.
Having cut off Duncannon's supply from the sea, Preston proceeded to dig saps closer to the walls, the ultimate aim being to bring his cannon close enough to the walls in order to blast a breach and open the way for an assault. His engineers also dug a mine underneath one of the town's bastions. All the while, the town's defenders were kept under a bombardment by the mortar and, as the Confederate troops got closer to the walls, by sharpshooters. On March 12, one such sniper killed the fort's second in command, one Captain Lurcan, who was hit in the head by a bullet.
On March 16, by which time the Irish trenches were, 'within pistol shot of the walls', Preston ordered the mine to be exploded, opening a breach in Duncannon's outer walls. The Irish infantry then assaulted the town, but were beaten off with some losses. The following day, St Patricks Day, Preston tried again and this time his troops succeeded taking the town's outer, more modern walls but were stopped at Duncannon's inner, medieval ramparts. They had succeeded in occupying one of the town's towers for an hour before being beaten back. Geoffrey Barron, a Confederate politician, who kept a diary of the siege, reported that 24 Irish soldiers were killed in the two assaults.
The Surrender.
At this point, Preston summoned Esmonde to surrender, before he had to, 'proceed to extremities'. This was a delicate threat, implying that if the town fell to an assault, its defenders would be put to the sword - as was customary in contemporary siege warfare. Esmonde was also advised to surrender by the Parliamentarian vice admiral, William Smith, who was anchored off shore with seven ships, but could not break through to relieve the town. In a letter that reached Esmonde on March 11, Smith had warned him that, 'if the rebels take the fort by storming it, they will undoubtedley put you all to death...you should agree with thy adversary while thou art in the way'. Esmond had Smith's letter publicly read to his troops after the assaults of March 16–17 to discourage those who favoured holding out.
Alongside the risk of massacre, the English garrison was also very low on gunpowder and water. The town's only source of fresh water, a well, was behind the Confederate siege lines.
In light of these facts, Esmonde formally surrendered Duncannon to Preston on March 18. The Confederates took possession of the town but its garrison was allowed to march away to Youghal, which was in Protestant hands. However, they had to leave behind the town's 18 artillery pieces. Esmonde himself died a few days after the end of the siege. Preston would go on to briefly besiege Youghal, but bad weather, a lack of supplies and squabbling with Castlehaven, the Confederate Munster general, put an end to his campaign for that winter. 
The siege was of importance in that it re-opened the sea route into Waterford and eliminated a hostile English garrison in Confederate territory. Preston, who had for many years been the Spanish military governor of Leuven was highly experienced in siege warfare and his conduct of the siege drew widespread praise. Not only did he take the town, but he did so at a relatively low cost. Sixty seven Confederate soldiers died in the siege, of whom roughly 30 died of disease. Given that the campaign was conducted in mid-winter, in an age when disease routinely killed many more soldiers than combat, this represented a considerable logistical achievement on the part of the Irish general.
The "Great Lewis", the Parliamentarian ship sunk during the siege, was re-discovered in 1999 and raised in 2004.
The Cromwellian siege.
Duncannon was besieged again during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland by the forces of the English Parliament, as part of the Siege of Waterford. It repelled a siege by Oliver Cromwell in 1649 but surrendered after a lengthy blockade by Henry Ireton in 1650.

</doc>
<doc id="19637570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637570" title="Klaus Hanssen">
Klaus Hanssen

Klaus Hanssen (23 May 1844 - 1914) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party and the Coalition Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the terms 1889–1891, representing the constituency Bergen. He was a member of Bergen city council for several years, and served as mayor in 1894. He later joined the Coalition Party, and served as a parliamentary deputy again during the term 1904–1906.
Born in Bergen, he graduated as cand.med. in 1872 and worked as a physician the rest of his professional life.

</doc>
<doc id="19637581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637581" title="Clue Suspects">
Clue Suspects

Clue Suspects is a single-player variation on the classic board game Clue, where a player is given a series of clues and must deduce where in the mansion each suspect should be and who is the killer. It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2006.
Gameplay.
Clue Suspects plays more like a puzzle than a true game. Instead of players moving through the mansion to collect clues through guessing, the clue-gathering is essentially already done and printed on a puzzle's card, and what's left is to deduce who the killer is.
The game starts by taking a card (there are 60, numbered 1-60, with the difficulty growing each card) and reading all the clues. The player then places the body token in the room where the clues say it was found, places the suspect pieces listed in the clues next to the game (unless a clue tells you directly which room the suspect was in), and places any unused suspects aside. The player then attempts to determine, based on the clues, which suspects were in which room and which suspect was in the room with the body (making that person the killer). There can only be two suspects per room, helping players to deduce where each suspect was.
Suspects.
There are 11 suspects in Clue Suspects, listed below. These include the original six suspects from the game of Clue (marked with an asterisk), plus five additional ones.

</doc>
<doc id="19637592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637592" title="Od Vardara pa do Triglava">
Od Vardara pa do Triglava

Od Vardara pa do Triglava (trans. "From the Vardar to Triglav") is the double live and the third live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav and rock band Riblja Čorba, released in 1996. Album was compiled of bootlegs recorded on Riblja Čorba concerts held in 1988, during their Yugoslav tour. The recordings were not remastered, or edited in any other way for the release.
Album cover.
The album cover features the emblem of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19637594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637594" title="Hans Christian Hanssen-Fossnæs">
Hans Christian Hanssen-Fossnæs

Hans Christian Hanssen-Fossnæs (1829 - ??) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1883, representing the constituency of Jarlsberg og Larviks amt, but only served one term. He worked as a farmer.

</doc>
<doc id="19637595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637595" title="Billy Barlow">
Billy Barlow

William "Billy" McKenzie Barlow (1871 – February 14, 1963) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey player in the late 19th century. He played for the Montreal Hockey Club, champions of the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) from 1888 to 1897, and first winners of the Stanley Cup in 1893. Barlow is credited with scoring the first Stanley Cup-winning goal in history in the final playoff match of 1894.
Personal.
Barlow was born in Montreal. He received his education at the Belmont School. As well as ice hockey, Barlow played lacrosse for the Montreal AAA. He married Winnifred Amelia Sully. They had one son, Gerald and one daughter. Barlow became a director of Lymans Limited pharmaceuticals during the 1930s, and secretary of the Welfare Foundation until his retirement in 1949. He died on February 14, 1963 at his home in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce. He is interred in Mount Royal Cemetery.
Hockey career.
As a member of the first Stanley Cup-winning squad in 1893, the Montreal Amateur Athletic Association gave Barlow a ring to commemorate the win. Barlow's ring is now on display in the Hockey Hall of Fame, after having been donated by Barlow's daughter. As well as playing, Barlow also refereed games of the AHAC.
Career statistics.
Source: Coleman(1966)

</doc>
<doc id="19637599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637599" title="Charity Glacier">
Charity Glacier

Charity Glacier () is a glacier on Rozhen Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica draining the southwest slopes of St. Methodius Peak in Tangra Mountains, and flowing west-southwestwards into False Bay north of Barnard Point, between Zagore Beach and Arkutino Beach.
The glacier was named by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee in 1958 after the brig "Charity" (Capt. Charles H. Barnard), one of a fleet of American sealers from New York which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21, operating mainly from Yankee Harbor, Greenwich Island. The "Charity" also visited the islands the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="19637608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637608" title="Platinum Game">
Platinum Game

Platinum Game is the second studio album by American rapper CJ Mac, released August 31, 1999 by Hoo-Bangin' Records and distributed by Priority Records. The album features production by Ant Banks, Battlecat, Crazy Toones and Johnny "J". It peaked at number 77 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 42 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers. The album features guest appearances by WC, Mack 10, Too Short, TQ and Fat Joe.
Along with a single, a music video was released for the song, "Imagine That" featuring TQ and Mack 10, and has a cameo appearance by MC Eiht. 
The song, "Hate", was originally heard in the film, "Thicker than Water", and was also released on the film's soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="19637626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637626" title="Miguel Mas">
Miguel Mas

Miguel Mas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637630" title="Poul Müller">
Poul Müller

Poul Müller (31 December 1909 – 15 September 1979) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 44 films between 1936 and 1977.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19637633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637633" title="MTA Regional Bus Operations">
MTA Regional Bus Operations

MTA Regional Bus Operations (RBO) is the surface transit division of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), created in 2008 to consolidate all bus operations operated by the MTA.
History.
The history of the MTA's bus operations generally follows the history of the New York City Transit Authority, which was created in 1953 by the State of New York to take over operations then operated by the New York City Board of Transportation. The current system came into being in the mid-2000s following the MTA's assumption of services previously operated by private carriers under franchise agreements with the New York City Department of Transportation, the successor to the Board of Transportation. This brought almost all bus transportation in New York City under its control. Completed in 2006, the MTA then moved to streamline its operations through consolidation of management function. To that effect, RBO was officially created in May 2008, with the president of what was then New York City Transit's Department of Buses, Joseph J. Smith, named to lead the consolidated bus operations. MTA Regional Bus also included the MTA Long Island Bus division until January 2012, when its services were transferred to a private operator by Nassau County (see below for more information).
Currently, many RBO's operational changes have been at the management level, with the creation of a unified command center and consolidation of management for all bus operations, with the aim of reducing redundancies in the agency. Other changes have included eliminating the MTA Bus call center, folding it into that of New York City Transit, and the unification of the fare policy for all of the MTA's services.
Brands and service area.
Regional Bus Operations is currently only used in official documentation, and not publicly as a brand. The current public brands are listed below:
The current scheme (except for #2185, with a special 9/11 memorial scheme) is a straight blue stripe across the sides of the bus against a white base, with no colors on the front or back, and black window trim. From 1977 until late 2007, (and still present on much of the fleet), the livery was a full all-around stripe with a black rear, and until late 2010 (and still present on buses repainted during this time), the scheme was a stripe with a blank rear. Buses operated in Select Bus Service bus rapid transit service are wrapped with a light blue-and-white wrap below the windows.
Access-A-Ride paratransit services are provided by various independent contractors, using vehicles owned by the MTA.
In addition, MTA Regional Bus Operations operated bus and paratransit service in Nassau County under the name Long Island Bus until December 31, 2011. This service was operated by the MTA under an agreement with Nassau County, who owned its facilities and equipment. In 2011, the MTA asked Nassau County to provide more funding for Long Island Bus than they were at the time. The county refused to provide additional funding, and the MTA voted to end operation of the system at the end of 2011. The county then decided to hire Veolia Transportation, a private transportation company, to operate the system in place of the MTA beginning in 2012.
History of MTA New York City Bus.
Another city acquisition was the Bridge Operating Company, which ran the Williamsburg Bridge Local trolley, acquired in 1921 by the DP&S. Unlike the other lines, this one remained city-operated, and was replaced by the B39 bus route on December 5, 1948, by then transferred to the New York City Board of Transportation.
On February 23, 1947, the Board of Transportation took over the Staten Island bus network of the Isle Transportation Company. Further acquisitions were made on March 30, 1947, with the North Shore Bus Company in Queens, and September 24, 1948, with the East Side Omnibus Corporation and Comprehensive Omnibus Corporation in Manhattan. With the city takeover of the Brooklyn-Manhattan Transit Corporation's surface subsidiary, the Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation, on June 2, 1940, the city gained a large network of trolley and bus lines, covering all of Brooklyn and portions of Queens. The final Brooklyn trolleys were the Church Avenue Line and McDonald Avenue Line, discontinued on October 31, 1956, though the privately operated (by the Queensboro Bridge Railway) Queensboro Bridge Local remained until 1957.
Thus, in the late 1950s, the city operated all local service in Staten Island and Brooklyn, about half the local service in Queens, and several routes in Manhattan. Several private companies operated buses in Queens, and the Avenue B and East Broadway Transit Company operated a small Manhattan system, but by far the largest system was the Fifth Avenue Coach Company and Surface Transit, which operated almost all Manhattan routes and all Bronx routes, plus two into Queens (15 Fifth Avenue - Jackson Heights and TB Triborough Bridge) and one within Queens (16 Elmhurst Crosstown). After a strike in 1962, the city took over operations. To avoid legal issues, a new agency, the Manhattan and Bronx Surface Transit Operating Authority (MaBSTOA) was formed to operate the former Fifth Avenue Coach Lines and Surface Transit, Inc. routes. The final acquisition was in 1980, when MaBSTOA took over the Avenue B and East Broadway's routes, using MaBSTOA equipment with Avenue B red route roll signs (NYCTA acquired the 13 Grumman Flxibles that had been assigned to Avenue B and placed them in NYCTA service). Public takeover of the remaining Queens buses, as well as most express routes, was implemented in 2005 and 2006 by the new MTA Bus Company. In 2008, the bus operations of New York City Transit and MTA Bus Company (as well as the now former Long Island Bus division) were merged into a new regional operation, MTA Regional Bus Operations. The New York City Bus brand continues to be used.
History of MTA Bus.
MTA Bus Company was established in late 2004 to take over privately operated bus routes operated under contract to the NYCDOT. The routes were taken over on a staggered schedule, beginning with Liberty Lines Express in January 2005 and ending with Triboro Coach Corp. in February 2006.
MTA Bus started to operate the former Liberty Lines Express bus routes on January 3, 2005, Queens Surface Corporation bus routes on February 27, 2005, New York Bus Service bus routes on July 1, 2005, Command Bus Company bus routes on December 5, 2005, Green Bus Lines bus routes on January 9, 2006, and Jamaica Buses bus routes on January 30, 2006. Triboro Coach Corporation, the final remaining company, ceased operating and its routes have been operated by MTA Bus since February 20, 2006.
Currently, the only NYCDOT subsidized lines not consolidated into MTA Bus are those run by Atlantic Express and were formerly run by Academy Bus (Commuter Coach) until 2001. Although the X23, and X24 routes were absorbed by Atlantic Express, the X17J, X21, X22, and X30 routes were absorbed by the New York City Transit Authority. NYCT discontinued service on the X21 months after the takeover. Recently, NYS Assemblyman Lou Tobacco and NYS Senator Andrew Lanza, along with U.S. Congressman Michael E. McMahon and NYC Councilmen Vincent Ignizio and James Oddo have asked the MTA to look into the possible consolidation of the remainder of the NYCDOT routes. In Brooklyn, a company called Private Transportation operates the B110 route; this is franchised but not subsidized by NYCDOT. Atlantic Express also ran the AE7 express route from Travis, Staten Island and Tottenville, Staten Island in the same manner as the Private Transportation B110 local route. Citing low ridership and increased costs, Atlantic Express canceled the AE7 service on December 31, 2010. Councilmen Ignizio and Oddo as well as Congressman Michael G. Grimm have called on the MTA to revamp that route also.
In 2008, the bus operations of MTA Bus Company and New York City Transit (as well as the now former Long Island Bus division) were merged into a new regional operation, MTA Regional Bus Operations. The MTA Bus brand continues to be used.
Operations.
MTA Regional Bus routes are spread out across New York City. However, some bus routes may also operate to areas beyond city limits. The Q5 and Q85 routes cross the Nassau County border to go to the Green Acres Mall in Valley Stream. The Q2 and Q110 routes leave Queens as they run along Hempstead Turnpike and onto the Cross Island Parkway, and Belmont Racetrack in Elmont, where they re-enter the city. The Q46 route runs along Lakeville Road in Lake Success, Nassau County upon entering Long Island Jewish Medical Center. During peak hours, select Q111 buses run to Cedarhurst in Nassau County. The Bx16 route runs into Westchester County for two blocks in Mount Vernon. The Bx7 and Bx10 buses both make their last stops at the Bronx-Westchester border. BxM3 express buses leave the city as they operate to Getty Square in Yonkers. The S89 is the only route to have a stop outside state borders, terminating at the 34th Street Hudson-Bergen Light Rail station in Bayonne, New Jersey. Some Staten Island express routes run via New Jersey, but do not stop in the state.
New York City Transit bus routes are labeled with a number and a prefix identifying the primary borough (B for Brooklyn, Bx for the Bronx, M for Manhattan, Q for Queens, and S for Staten Island). Express buses use the letter X rather than a borough label. Lettered suffixes can be used to designate branches or variants. MTA Bus Company bus routes follow this scheme as well, but combines prefixes for inter-borough express routes (e.g. a route traveling between Manhattan and the Bronx is labeled BxM# and a route traveling between Manhattan and Queens is labeled QM#).
Local and limited-stop service.
Local and limited-stop buses provide service within a borough, or in some cases across two. While local buses make all stops along a route, limited-stop buses only make stops at busy transfer points, points of interest, and heavily used roadways. Limited stop service was first attempted with the M4 bus during rush hours in 1973, then expanded to other routes from there. The usual setup is that limited stop service runs the full route, while local services run only in the limited stop area, and the limited stop buses run local at the tail ends of the route not served by locals, similar to the operation of some subway services and the Staten Island Railway.
The following MTA Regional Bus routes run limited stop service (for non-Staten Island routes, where there is a route numbering system, bold indicates no corresponding local service on the limited-stop route):
Limited-Stop buses flash LIMITED on the destination sign and a few have a Limited sign in the windshield.
Select Bus Service.
Select Bus Service or "+SBS", the brand name for MTA bus rapid transit service, is a variant of Limited-Stop bus service that requires fare payment to be made "before" boarding the bus, at fare payment machines in shelters at designated "stations" (such a shelter is shown to the left). Receipts given for payment of fare are "proof-of-payment" that must be shown to fare enforcement upon request. In the event of the fare machine failing to issue a receipt, the bus operator must be notified of the problem. The implementation of this new service is paired with new lane markings and traffic signs that reserve a lane for buses only between 7AM and 7PM.
SBS service began on the Bx12 "207th Street Crosstown/Fordham Road/Pelham Parkway line" in the Bronx on June 28, 2008. The M15 "First/Second Avenues line" saw SBS implementation in Manhattan on October 10, 2010. The M34 / M34A routes began service on November 13, 2011, after replacing the identical local service along 34th Street. The S79 began SBS on September 2, 2012, completely replacing the local service of the same designation yet with payment on board. The Bx41 "Webster Avenue line" has replaced limited stop service with SBS on June 30, 2013. SBS service on the B44 "Nostrand Avenue line" in Brooklyn was implemented on November 17, 2013 which replaced limited stop service with SBS. Study and outreach for implementation of SBS on the M60 is currently underway.
Buses used in this service are identifiable with "stations" be similar to those pictured to the right and also have a "+selectbusservice" wrap identifying them as such buses. Locations of stops (and in some cases, the local bus stops) were shifted or eliminated where possible to prevent mixing of local bus customers. SBS is offered in conjunction with the New York City and New York State Department of Transportation.
Express service.
Express bus service is generally geared towards peak hour commuters from the outer boroughs and neighboring suburbs that lacks rail or subway services to and from Midtown Manhattan or Lower Manhattan. Some routes also provide significant off-peak service from early morning to late evening, every day (notably the X10, X17, X27, BxM1/2, BxM3, BxM4, BxM6, BxM7, BxM8, BxM9, BxM10, BxM11, QM2, QM4 and QM5/6; the X1 runs 24 hours a day). 45-foot MCI and Prevost over-the-road coaches are used for express service.
Demand response.
In addition to a 100% accessible bus fleet, New York City Transit also provides paratransit services under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990 under the Access-A-Ride brand, for customers who cannot use regular bus or subway service servicing all five boroughs of New York City at all times. This system was acquired from the NYC Department of Transportation in 1993.
Stop signage.
Within the service area, the color of the route on a bus stop sign indicates the type of service run. Routes are branded on bus stop signs, which are normally located every 2-3 blocks apart in most cases.
All bus stops are in effect at all times unless otherwise indicated by signage.
Late night Request-A-Stop.
Between 10:00 PM (22:00) and 5:00 AM (05:00), "Request-a-Stop" service is available. The bus operator may discharge passengers at a location along the route that is not a bus stop, as long as it is considered safe. If the location is not "safe", the bus operator will discharge passengers at the nearest safe location. Request-A-Stop is not available on Select Bus Service, Limited-Stop routes, or overnight bus shuttles.
Fleet.
The fleet consists of over 5,900 buses of various types and models for fixed-route service, and over 2,000 vans and cabs for ADA paratransit service, providing service in New York City, southwestern Nassau County, and the city of Yonkers. All vehicles (except for paratransit cabs) are fully accessible to persons with disabilities.
Within the current fleet are over 1,600 diesel-electric buses and over 900 buses powered by compressed natural gas. Fixed-route buses are dispatched from 28 garages (20 New York City Bus and 8 MTA Bus) and one annex in New York City.
By fleet size, the MTA Regional Bus (New York City Bus and MTA Bus) fleet is the fourth largest in the United States and Canada (and the largest public transit fleet), behind three school bus operators: First Student, Durham School Services, and Student Transportation, Incorporated.
Fares.
Dollar bills and half-dollar coins are not accepted on fixed-route buses or Select Bus Service payment stations, nor are they accepted on buses of the Bee-Line Bus System (Bee-Line) in Westchester County or the Nassau Inter-County Express (NICE) in Nassau County. All fares are in US dollars, and the following fare policy applies to all New York City Transit, MTA Bus, NICE, and Bee-Line (except for the BxM4C) buses.

</doc>
<doc id="19637682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637682" title="1942 in chess">
1942 in chess

Events in chess in 1942
Team matches.
(Toshev 01 Rabar; Tsvetkov 01 Tekavčić; Neikirch 10 Šubarić; Bidev 10 Petek; Kantardzhiev 00 Jerman; Dimitrov 00 Dumić; "unknown" 00 Horvath; Popov 01 Licul) 

</doc>
<doc id="19637703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637703" title="Superpole">
Superpole

Superpole for Superbike is a timed event to establish starting positions for motorcycle racers in World Superbike races.
A World Superbike weekend consists of:
The fastest 15 riders (as determined by their combined qualifying practice results) take part in Superpole, to determine the order of the first 15 riders on the starting grid of the Superbike races. Riders that fail to qualify for Superpole will start the races from 16th position onwards, based on their qualifying practice results.
The format of Superpole depends on weather conditions.
Dry Superpole.
If the race director declares a 'dry' Superpole (referring to the weather conditions) then Superpole will consist of 3 laps of the circuit. Riders start one by one in reverse qualifying order. Grid position for the races will be determined by each rider's fastest single lap time.
Wet Superpole.
If Superpole is declared 'wet,' Superpole will consist of 50 minutes of timed laps, for all 15 riders together, during which a rider may complete up to 12 laps (including in and out laps). Grid position for the races will be determined by each rider's fastest single lap time. For each lap over 12 laps completed, the rider's best lap time will be cancelled.
Technical details.
To qualify for the race, riders must record a lap time no longer than 107% of the time recorded by the pole-position rider. Qualifying tires may be used.
Official rules.
The Federation International de Motocyclisme oversees the World Superbike series. Full rules for the championship, including Superpole, can be found here http://www.fim-live.com/fileadmin/alfresco/6510004_eng.pdf at their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19637727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637727" title="Anna Henriques-Nielsen">
Anna Henriques-Nielsen

Anna Henriques-Nielsen (8 December 1881 – 24 December 1962) was a Danish stage and film actress. She appeared in 29 films between 1941 and 1958.
She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19637731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637731" title="Frank Renton">
Frank Renton

Frank Renton is a British musician, conductor and broadcaster, and current host of "Listen to the Band" on BBC Radio 2, now in his eighteenth year with the programme.
An accomplished trumpet player, Renton won a competition for young conductors at the 1967 Edinburgh Festival,whilst employed as a musician in the British Army Conducting appointments soon followed in West Germany, Cyprus, Singapore and Scotland, before returning to England as Director of a Military Music School in York. He was Music Director for Versatile Brass for three years, and began conducting the Grimethorpe Colliery Band. He has also worked extensively with the BBC Concert Orchestra and BBC Radio Orchestra, as well as writing and producing a number of musical programmes for BBC radio.
In 1985 Renton was appointed Principal Conductor of the Royal Artillery Orchestra in London, then in 1988 accepted the dual appointment of Principal Director of Music for the Army and Director of the Royal Military School of Music at Kneller Hall in the rank of Lt. Colonel, the youngest person ever to hold the dual appointments. In 1988, he also became Principal Conductor of the British Concert Orchestra, and began to guest conduct all over the world. Through the series of Royal Concerts in London he conducted the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the Halle Orchestra, the Orchestra of English National Opera and the Scottish National orchestra. and was awarded the Freedom of the City of London in 1986 He is also a member of the Worshipful Company of Musicians.
In 1993 as a direct result of the celebration of the Centenary of the Leeds City Charter and after a concert in Leeds Town Hall in which some 250 local wind players took part Frank Renton co-founded
and initially conducted the Yorkshire Wind Orchestra. This large wind ensemble of woodwind, brass and percussionists, is a community based ensemble.
In 2009 and 2010, he won with the 'Brass Band du Nord Pas-de-Calais' the French Brass Band Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19637747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637747" title="Anna Nielsen">
Anna Nielsen

Anna Nielsen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637748" title="Gibralfaro">
Gibralfaro

Mount Gibralfaro, , is a hill located in Málaga in southeast Spain. It is a 130 m high foothill of the Montes de Málaga, part of the Cordillera Penibética.
At the top of the hill there is a castle overlooking Málaga city and the Mediterranean Sea.
History.
Gibralfaro has been the site of fortifications since the Phoenician foundation of Málaga city. At the beginning of the 14th century, Yusuf I of the Kingdom of Granada constructed on its top the eponymous castle within the Phoenician enclosure. The name is said to be derived from the Phoenician word for light, Jbel-Faro, meaning "Rock of Light". 
At the end of 2005, a thick forest of pines and eucalyptus trees were planted on the hill. On its outskirts are the historical buildings of the seminary and the Alcazaba, the "Jardines de Puerta Oscura" (Dark Gate Gardens), as well as a Parador. 
Currently pending approval is a project intended to safeguard the mount and its surroundings from any urban intervention and promote it as a space for public recreation. Another project is planned to build a cable car linking the city center with the Gibralfaro castle.
Geology.
Gibralfaro is part of the southern foothills of the Montes de Málaga, a mountain range of the Cordillera Penibética, formed of materials from the Maláguide complex of the Baetic Cordillera. 

</doc>
<doc id="19637753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637753" title="FM Center">
FM Center

FM Center is a radio network in Venezuela based on Caracas. It was founded by Rodolfo Rodríguez García and is the largest radio network of that country, owning 64 FM and AM radio stations nationwide and one internet-based. It is divided into three sub-networks: AM Center, Circuito La Romántica and Circuito Fiesta.
FM Center also delivers other radio services as news ("FM Center es Noticia") and the popular traffic report with Alejandro Cañizales aboard a red Bell Ranger helicopter, Traffic Center.
History.
In January 1997, with Martha Rodríguez Miranda as General Director and Enzo Cassella as vicepresident of programming and production, FM Center starts broadcasting their signal in Venezuela. For that time, the network owned only 5 radio stations: 88.9 (later to become "La Romántica"), HOT 94.1, Estrella 96.3, Fiesta 106.5 and 93.9 (Ciudad Bolívar). Only the latter was not located in the capital Caracas.
Already in 1998, FM Center swept with Venezuelan awards "Premios Mara de Oro" for their performance in the industry. This favored the expansion of the network towards the rest of the country. At the start of the 21st century, AM Center was created and the radio station 91.9 from Caracas was added in their stations portfolio as Life 91.9.
In 2000, the headquarters and major radio stations move to "Centro Comercial Concresa" in the southeast of the Venezuelan capital. The concept of the transformation was the construction of interactive studios where the audience could not only hear their programs, but also see them as they were recorded. In September, FM Center launches the first and only traffic service to drivers in the Capital District: Traffic Center. With Alejandro Cañizales aboard a red Bell Ranger helicopter, Traffic Center delivers instant and effective status of local transit. The show also informs drivers with alternative routes to avoid traffic and preventive campaigns about the many problems that affect Caracas transit system.
In 2007, FM Center launched an oversize trailer which wonders the roads of Venezuela called Showcenter Rodando. It was designed to produce live in site-transmissions and live concerts from its stage located in the rooftop of the vehicle.
In January 2008 Estrella 96.3, an emblematic and key station to the network ceased transmissions as the new state-owned ALBA Ciudad started broadcasting. The frequency was lost to FM Center when the Venezuelan government refused to renew the concession to the network. As a response, the first internet-based radio station was incorporated to the group under the name Estrella On-Line as a clear reference to Estrella 96.3, maintaining similar formats and shows. Nowadays, FM Center's radio stations are interconnected via Directv satellite.
Business.
Networks.
FM Center is divided into three sub-networks: AM Center, Circuito La Romántica and Circuito Fiesta. They are broadcast nationwide in Venezuela. Only 3 radio stations are not categorized in the sub-networks in order to keep their segment-oriented quality. Usually there is one radio station of every sub-network per state where the company is present. This division of networks allows for convenient sell of air time to clients according to audience targets. The radio networks are explained in further detail in the following table:
Radio Stations.
FM Center owns or at least is an important partner in 64 radio stations in Venezuela and one internet-based. They are distributed in 21 of the 23 Venezuelan states and in the capital district of Caracas. Some radio stations located in Táchira state can be heard across the border from Colombia.
Traffic Center.
Since the first broadcast in September 2000, Traffic Center delivers instant and effective status of transit in the Capital District of Caracas. It also informs drivers with alternative routes to avoid traffic and preventive campaigns about the many problems that affect Caracas transit system. The reports can be listened in 8 radio stations in and near Caracas: La Romántica 88.9 FM, 91.9 FM Center, Hot 94.1 FM, Fiesta 106.5 FM, El Hatillo 96.9 FM, Sol Stereo 88.5 FM, La Romántica 90.3 FM (Vargas), and Radio Recuerdos 1300 AM. The show is aired on weekdays and has two formats:
The show also airs in special occasions when needed:
Other Products and Services.
FM Center offers a wide variety of products and services to artists and general audiences. Among them are the recording studios located in its headquarters were several advertisements and songs have been recorded by numerous artists.
"FM Center es Noticia" ("FM Center is News") and "AM Center es Noticia" are the names of the news services operated by FM Center. They are broadcast simultaneously in several of its radio stations. The average 2-minute reports deals with breaking national and international news, compiling headlines from many other news services. They have been awarded several times for their handling of news and objectivity of their reports.
Since its introduction 2007, "Showcenter Rodando" has become a pioneer in mobile media deployment in Venezuela. The unit consists of an oversized truck with broadcasting capabilities through its recording studio, and live performances on its roof/stage, complete with light and audio equipment. The vehicle drives to many cities in Venezuela, giving concerts and recording radio shows. It has also been used for special events such as the transmission of CONMEBOL's Copa América 2007.
FM Center also broadcasts several Venezuelan and international sporting events such as: Liga Venezolana de Béisbol Profesional (LVBP) League, Caribbean Series Championship, FIFA's World Cup Finals, CONMEBOL's Copa América and the best of the Olympic Games.
Social Responsibility.
Social responsibility in FM Center is enabled through the foundation "Fundación FM Center". Over the past years it has not only donated to communities in the traditional ways, but it has taken up the role of constructing the next generations for the radio industry in Venezuela. Through the program "Vive la Radio" ("Live the Radio"), "Fundación FM Center" seeks to give education to future operators, radio hosts, producers and sales executives, involved in the radio business.
As a response to moral decay in the Venezuelan society, FM Center relaunched the messages corresponding to the concept "Buen Ciudadano" ("Good Citizen"). They are directed into inducing proper and gregarious conducts to citizens by explaining the consequences of their actions and the effect in society. The voice is given by Martha Rodríguez Miranda, who became very famous in Venezuela for a televised version of it during the 80's and 90's, to the point she is sometimes known as "La Buena Ciudadana" ("The Good Citizen").

</doc>
<doc id="19637760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637760" title="Lipstick (TV series)">
Lipstick (TV series)

Lipstick is a Hindi language Indian television series, produced by Rose Movies that premiered on Zee TV on September 9, 2002. The story unvails the truth of how best friends can turn into enemies in the pursuit of love and success. 
Plot.
The story revolves around the lives of two women, Sheetal and Suniti, set in the backdrop of a corporate war between two publishing houses. The story opens with cut-throat competition between two publishing houses - UPC and Hands. Their film magazines 'Darpan' and 'Lipstick' are run by Sheetal and Suniti, respectively. While Suniti believes in giving only true stories to her readers, Sheetal fabricates and sensationalizes stories to give positive publicity to film stars and earn their favour.
Awards.
The Indian Telly Awards.
Winners in 2003

</doc>
<doc id="19637771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637771" title="Patrick Farrish House">
Patrick Farrish House

The Patrick Farrish House, also known as the Lowe and Paula McDaniel House, is a historic house located in Thomaston, Alabama. It was built in 1926 in the Craftsman style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31, 2000 due to its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="19637776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637776" title="Lipgloss (TV series)">
Lipgloss (TV series)

Lipgloss was a Philippine TV series which first aired on August 16, 2008 on TV5.
It was tagged as a Filipino adaptation of the popular American TV series Gossip Girl.
The show's first season had its finale on November 8, 2008. Season 2 immediately premiered on November 15, 2008. Season 3 premiered on February 14, 2009. Season 4, the show's final season, ended in August 2009.
The show's theme song was very similar to – and was directly inspired by – the song Lip Gloss by Lil Mama.
Story.
Lipgloss was a teenage drama series, following the lives of the rich and infamous students of the ultra-exclusive Linden High, through the school's unofficial website.
Plot.
Season 1.
Season 1 kicks off with best friends Abby and Meg competing for Jake who is in love with Meg but is dating Abby. Jake chooses Meg and ends his relationship with Abby. The whole cast is introduced. Julivee is new in Linden and becomes best friends with Louise, who is a popular ice skater. They then meet siblings Ziggy and Edge Borja. Steph is introduced as the meanest girl in school. Maui is Jake's friend. Jiggo is Jake's half-brother. Ziggy gets hit by a car and dies. Kyle mourns over her death. We learn that Kyle is the administrator of the site Lipgloss. Kyle is never to be seen again in the series.
Season 2.
Season Two is filled with love-related conflicts. Jake and Abby are together again but their parents don't approve of it so the two decided to live on their own. Meg and Edge break up because Sarah, Edge's ex-girlfriend returns to woo him back. Meg finds a new boyfriend in actor Nikko Lopez. Julivee develops a crush on Caloy, their driver's son. Caloy's best friend, Poknat, joins in on the fun and provides comic relief. Jose Mari is introduced as Julivee's would-be husband. However, Jose Mari turns out to be gay and gets closer with Caloy instead. Louise gets into a relationship with her middle-aged school professor, Mr. Aldrich Quinto.
Season 3.
Abby and Jake break up because of Jake's boss - Camille who steals him from her. Meg to the hands of his bodyguard - Santi, who develops feelings for her. Maui falls for - Carla who is also courted by Poknat. Louise and Aldrich breaks-up because Aldrich returns to his ex-fiance Rose. Introducing in the mid-season is Camille and Rose's brother - Brent who wants Louise. Meanwhile, It is Edge and Louise who end up together. Julivee meets Brazilian Patrice whom they use to make Jose Mari a boy again.
A devastating accident kills two main characters - Maui and Meg.
Season 4.
The fourth and final season shows the senior year of the students at Linden, including repeater Abby Rickson, who has finally moved on from Jake and Camille. Brent starts courting Louise but finds competition in his long-time best friend, Chip, to whom he owes a big debt. Julivee gets jealous over Janna, a girl who Caloy meets. Carla tries to move on from Maui. Edge meets a beautiful princess, Ava, whom he falls for.
The season finale shows the love teams still ending up with each other: Abby and Jake, Louise and Brent, Ava and Edge.
Criticism.
Lipgloss closely resembled the hit American TV Show Gossip Girl, prompting people to label it as a rip-off of the iconic series. Also, many had said that even the show's plot imitated that of Gossip Girl – whereas 'Gossip Girl' spreads the gossip about the main characters, the website administrator does the same in Lipgloss.
Trivia.
In the middle of 2nd season, Sam Concepcion and Cheska Ortega left the show. Matt Evans and Carlo Guevara were then added to the cast.
Lovi Poe's contract with her home network, GMA Network, initially did not allow her to become part of Lipgloss. An exception was eventually made and she appeared in the show's final season . Aside from Lipgloss, TV5 had also offered Poe to star in the remake of Cofradia. This project did not push through.
Pinoy Big Brother: Teen Edition Plus housemates Robi Domingo, Ejay Falcon, and Josef Elizalde were all considered to join in Season 4 of Lipgloss. However, because of Domingo's schedule with MYX and his other commitments with ABS-CBN, only Falcon and Elizalde made it to the show.
This is Czarina Suzara's first TV appearance. The other one being the 2012 version of Valiente

</doc>
<doc id="19637784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637784" title="Porridge (film)">
Porridge (film)

Porridge is a 1979 film based upon the television series "Porridge". It was released under the title "Doing Time" in the United States.
All the regular sitcom warders and inmates were involved, with the exception of Lukewarm, Heslop, and Harris. There was also a new governor, played by Geoffrey Bayldon. The film was one of the last appearances of Richard Beckinsale, the actor who played Godber. He died in March 1979, a few weeks after its completion.
Plot.
Set a year before the final episode of the TV series, Fletcher and Godber are forced by another inmate to escape from prison and then have to try to break back in before they're found by the police.
Three one-off characters made an impact in the film. Rudge, played by Daniel Peacock, was a young, timid prisoner in the Godber mould, seen arriving for his three-year stretch for shoplifting at the beginning of the film. He came into his own when he showed his outstanding football skills during the game which led to the breakout. Oakes, played by Barrie Rutter, was the violent armed robber who arrived in the same van as Rudge and was sprung for the breakout, reluctantly taking Fletcher and Godber with him. Beale, played by Christopher Godwin, was a new prison officer who subscribed to the firm approach to the job, but proved easy to manipulate into recommending a celebrity football match.
Production.
Unlike the television episodes, the film is not a BBC production, with no references to the corporation on the DVD release (2003). The budget for the film was £250,000 and it was backed by Lew Grade's ITC Entertainment. It was shot mainly on location at Chelmsford Prison, Essex, UK, the prison being unoccupied at the time because it was being refurbished after a fire in one of the wings. The escape sequence was filmed in Buckinghamshire, there is also a brief shot of the gates of Maidstone Prison and sets were constructed for some cell and kitchen scenes. Most of the filming took place in freezing conditions in January and the resulting delays to the filming schedule meant that the part written for Tony Osoba had to be reduced because he had a commitment to appear in "Charles Endell Esquire" and his lines were given to other actors.
Trivia.
The character "Lotterby", played by Zoot Money, is a nod to Sydney Lotterby, the producer-director of the original BBC Television "Porridge" sitcom, broadcast between 1974 and 1977. When Fletcher unwillingly becomes trainer of the prison team, he replies that a lifetime of supporting Leyton Orient (Football Club) has made him dis-illusioned with the game. In the BBC Television series, Fletcher periodically refers to supporting Tottenham Hotspur.
Music.
The opening credits of the film feature the hit "Without You" by Nilsson and "Hit Me With Your Rhythm Stick" by Ian Dury and The Blockheads and the closing credits contain a more upbeat song by the British singer Joe Brown, entitled "Free Inside".

</doc>
<doc id="19637796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637796" title="Scarecrow">
Scarecrow

A scarecrow or hay-man is a decoy or mannequin in the shape of a human. It is usually dressed in old clothes and placed in open fields to discourage birds such as crows or sparrows from disturbing and feeding on recently cast seed and growing crops. As its name suggests, it scares away crows from the field.
Uses.
The 1881 "Household Cyclopedia of General Information" gives the following advice:
Crows can be a substantial problem for gardens in the springtime: they can work down a row pulling up recently sprouted corn to eat the remaining seed/seedlings. In the southern Appalachians another common method of scaring off crows was use of a dead crow hung upside down from a pole.
Modern scarecrows, though still essentially decoys, seldom take a human shape. On California farmland, highly reflective aluminized PET film ribbons are tied to the plants to create shimmers from the sun. Another approach is automatic noise guns powered by propane gas. One winery in New York uses inflatable tube men or airdancers to scare away birds.
In the United Kingdom, where the use of scarecrows as a protector of crops date from time immemorial, and where dialects were rife, there are a wide range of alternative names such as:
Alternative names for scarecrows also include these localized versions:
Cultural impact.
The impact of the scarecrow extends beyond its immediate utilitarian function.
In "Kojiki", the oldest surviving book in Japan (compiled in the year 712), a scarecrow known as Kuebiko appears as a deity who cannot walk, yet knows everything about the world.
Nathaniel Hawthorne's short story "Feathertop" is about a scarecrow created and brought to life in 17th century Salem, Massachusetts by a witch in league with the devil. The basic framework of the story was used by American dramatist Percy MacKaye in his 1908 play "The Scarecrow". 
L. Frank Baum's tale "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" has a scarecrow as one of the main protagonists. The Scarecrow of Oz was searching for brains from the Great Wizard. The scarecrow was portrayed by Frank Moore in the 1914 film "His Majesty, the Scarecrow of Oz", by Ray Bolger in the 1939 film "The Wizard of Oz", and by Michael Jackson in the 1978 musical film adaptation "The Wiz".
Worzel Gummidge, a scarecrow who came to life in a friendly form, first appeared in series of novels by Barbara Euphan Todd in the 1930s, and later in a popular television adaptation.
The Scarecrow is the alter ego of the Reverend Doctor Christopher Syn, the smuggler hero in a series of novels written by Russell Thorndike. The story was made into the movie "Doctor Syn" in 1937, and again in 1962 as "Captain Clegg". It was taken up by Disney in 1963 and dramatized as a three part TV miniseries as "The Scarecrow of Romney Marsh" starring Patrick McGoohan; this was later re-edited and released theatrically as "Dr. Syn, Alias the Scarecrow".
A film directed by Jerry Schatzberg in 1973 starring Al Pacino and Gene Hackman is titled "Scarecrow" and deals with two characters on a journey reminiscent of the one in L. Frank Baum's book.
The Scarecrow is a character in the DC Comics universe, a supervillain and antagonist of Batman; Cillian Murphy portrays the character in Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy. Similar characters, known as Scarecrow and Straw Man, have appeared in Marvel Comics.
British band Pink Floyd recorded a song called "The Scarecrow" for their debut album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn". John Cougar Mellencamp's album "Scarecrow", which peaked at No. 2 in the fall of 1985, spawned five Top 40 singles including "Rain on the Scarecrow" (#21). The song "Scarecrow People" on the XTC album "Oranges & Lemons" is a cautionary tale about the evolution of mankind to 'scarecrow people' who 'ain't got no brains' and 'ain't got no hearts' and are the result of humans destroying their world with wars and pollution.
Joe's Scarecrow Village in Cape Breton, Canada is a roadside attraction displaying dozens of scarecrows.
Scarecrow Festivals.
In the UK, the Urchfont Scarecrow Festival was established in the 1990s and has grown into a major local event, attracting up to 10,000 people annually for the May Day Bank Holiday. Originally based on an idea imported from Derbyshire, it was certainly the first to be established in Wiltshire, and was possibly the first in the whole of southern England. 
The festival at Wray, Lancashire was established in the early 1990s and continues to the present day. In the village of Orton, Eden, scarecrows are displayed each year, often using topical themes such as a Dalek exterminating a Wind turbine to represent local opposition to a wind farm. Norland, West Yorkshire has a festival. Tetford and Salmonby jointly host one. In Teesdale, the villages of Cotherstone, Staindrop and Middleton-in-Teesdale have annual scarecrow festivals. The village of Meerbrook in Staffordshire holds an annual Scarecrow Festival during the month of May. Kettlewell in North Yorkshire has held an annual festival since 1994. Scotland's first scarecrow festival was held in West Kilbride, North Ayrshire in 2004, and there is also one held in Montrose. On the Isle of Skye, the Tattie bogal event, is held each year, scarecrow trail, and other events.
In Dymchurch on Romney Marsh a man dressed as a scarecrow rode down the street annually since 1964 in celebration of local author Russel Thorndike's Dr Syn books, however, in 2008 he was required to walk due to health and safety regulations. Tonbridge in Kent also host an annual Scarecrow Trail, organised by the local Rotary Club to raise money for local charities. In the USA, St. Charles, Illinois hosts an annual Scarecrow Festival.
The 'pumpkin people' come in the fall months in the valley region of Nova Scotia, Canada. They are scarecrows with pumpkin heads doing various things such as playing the fiddle or riding a wooden horse. Hickling, in the south of Nottinghamshire, is another village that celebrates an annual scarecrow event. It is very popular and has successfully raised a great deal of money for charity. Meaford, Ontario has celebrated the Scarecrow Invasion since 1996.
Further reading.
"Scarecrow Fact and Fable", Peter Haining, 1986
Isle of Skye Tattie Bogal Scarecrow Festival

</doc>
<doc id="19637817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637817" title="Peugeot Type 56">
Peugeot Type 56

The Peugeot Type 56 was a model from Peugeot for 1903. It had a 0.8 L single-cylinder engine and had two rows of seats and an open top. A total of 16 were built.
In 1904, after the model had been replaced, a Peugeot Type 56 gained official recognition for exceptional fuel economy when one of the cars traveled 100 kilometers using only 5.3 litres of fuel. Recognition was awarded in the form of a gold medal called "la médaille d'or de la locomotion".

</doc>
<doc id="19637825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637825" title="1939 in chess">
1939 in chess

Events in chess in 1939
Team matches.
(Eliskases 1½ Barcza; Bogoljubow 11 E.Steiner; Kieninger ½½ Rethy; Gilg ½1 Vajda; P.Michel 1½ Szily; Rellstab 1½ Tipary; Richter 11 Füster; Heinicke 1½ Törok; Kohler ½½ Balla; A.Becker ½1 Negyessi; Zollner 00 Balogh; L.Schmitt ½1 Sarközy; Lokvenc 1½ St.Gecsei; Schlage ½0 Sebestyen; Blümich ½½ Bakonyi; Hahn 1½ Sooky; R.Keller ½½ Laszlo; Krassnig ½1 Szentkiralyi-Toth; Platt ½1 Vargha; H.Keller ½1 Rög) 
(Euwe 0½ Alexander; Landau 10 Thomas; Van den Bosch 1½ Milner-Barry; Cortlever 00 Broadbent; Van Scheltinga ½½ Golombek; G.S.Fontein 0½ Winter; De Groot ½1 E.G.Sergeant; Muhring 11 B.H.Wood; Mulder 0½ Parr; J.H.C.Fontein ½1 Lenton) 

</doc>
<doc id="19637850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637850" title="Bent Vejlby">
Bent Vejlby

Bent Vejlby (born 20 March 1924) is a Danish film actor and school teacher. He appeared in 40 films between 1952 and 1973.
He was born in Vejlby, Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19637855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637855" title="C. S. Golden House">
C. S. Golden House

The C.S. Golden House, also known as the Leonard and Ellie Crain House, is a historic house located in Thomaston, Alabama. It was built in 1898 in the Queen Anne style. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 31, 2000 due to its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="19637875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637875" title="Syreeta (1980 album)">
Syreeta (1980 album)

Syreeta is the fourth solo album by Motown recording artist and American singer-songwriter Syreeta Wright (also known as "Syreeta"), released by the Tamla label on April 26, 1980. It's also the second album to be titled "Syreeta" after her 1972 debut album.
Reception.
The album was released shortly after Wright's duet with Billy Preston, "With You I'm Born Again", gave her the biggest charted success of her career. The album included Wright's take of her famous compositions, "I Blame It On the Sun", which she wrote for ex-husband Stevie Wonder's "Talking Book" and a funky take on Wonder's "Signed, Sealed, Delivered (I'm Yours)", which she also co-wrote. Wright provided lyrics and composition on one other song - "Dance For Me Children", with Curtis Robertson. Wright also collaborated with Preston on the album with the duets, "Please Stay" and "One More Time for Love", the latter duet charted modestly successful on the pop and R&B charts upon its release. The album features a smiling Wright in her trademark multi-colored braids.
It was also rumored that the album contained tracks produced by Richard Perry for the follow-up to Diana Ross' acclaimed platinum album, "Baby It's Me" 
also produced by Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="19637877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637877" title="William Sloan (disambiguation)">
William Sloan (disambiguation)

William Sloan was a Canadian businessman.
William Sloan or Sloane may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19637884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637884" title="John J. Dunnigan">
John J. Dunnigan

John J. Dunnigan (September 6, 1883 New York City - December 1965) was an American architect, builder and politician from New York. He was President pro tempore of the New York State Senate from 1933 to 1938.
Life.
He was a Democratic member of the New York State Senate from 1915 to 1920, sitting in the 138th, 139th, 140th, 141st, 142nd and 143rd New York State Legislatures. 
In 1921, he contested the election of Republican George H. Taylor to the State Senate, and was seated on February 15 in the 144th New York State Legislature. He remained in the State Senate until 1944, sitting in the 145th, 146th, 147th, 148th, 149th, 150th, 151st, 152nd, 153rd, 154th, 155th, 156th, 157th, 158th, 159th, 160th, 161st, 162nd, 163rd and 164th New York State Legislatures; and was Minority Leader from 1931 to 1932, President pro tempore from 1933 to 1938, and again Minority Leader from 1939 to 1944. He was a delegate to the New York Convention to ratify the 21st Amendment in 1933.
He co-authored the Parimutuel betting law which legalized betting on horses at the racetracks, and banished the bookmakers from the tracks. It also gave the State a 5% share in the bets. He inaugurated the novelty by buying the first ticket at Jamaica Racetrack in April 1940.
His son James J. Dunnigan (1912–1983) was President of the Buffalo Raceway in Hamburg, NY from its establishment in 1942 until the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19637893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637893" title="Charles Stuart Bowyer">
Charles Stuart Bowyer

Charles Stuart Bowyer (born August 2, 1934) is an academic, astronomer and professor at the University of California.
Educational background.
He received his Ph.D. in physics from Catholic University in 1965.
Career.
Bowyer is a professor at University of California at Berkeley. He was also affiliated with the United States Naval Research Laboratory. He worked in a group directed by Herbert Friedman. He is generally given credit for starting the field of extreme ultraviolet astronomy.
He is credited in shepherding the launch of the EUVE satellite and subsequent research activities.
Selected works.
In a statistical overview derived from writings by and about Stuart Bowyer, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses roughly 30+ works in 40+ publications in 3 languages and 1,000+ library holdings.
Honors.
Bowyer received the Humboldt Foundation of Germany Senior Scientist Award in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19637906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637906" title="Eppur si muove (EP)">
Eppur si muove (EP)

"Eppur si muove" is an EP by Enigma that was released on 7 November 2006 in Greece. The EP was only released as a 12" single, although all four tracks were avialble as digital downloads on iTunes and also appeared as audio bonus tracks on the DVD "A posteriori Video Album", which was released on 15 December 2006. The remixes would also later be included on the Private Lounge Remix album version of "A posteriori", which was released via iTunes Store on 18 March 2007 in Germany and on 26 March in the rest of Europe.
The remixes were made by Jean F. Cochois ("Dreaming of Andromeda" (Jean F. Cochois Remix)), Wolfgang Filz ("20.000 Miles Over the Sea" (BocaJunior Remix)), Ralf Hildenbeutel ("The Alchemist" (The Alchemist's Vision by Ralf Hildenbeutel)) and Tocadisco ("Eppur si muove" (Tocadisco Remix)).
"Eppur si muove", alternately spelled "E pur si muove!", is an Italian phrase translated to "And yet it moves", attributed to Galileo Galilei after he was sentenced by the Roman Inquisition to recant his belief in heliocentrism.
Track listing.
Publisher: 1-2-3 Music/Crocodile Music.

</doc>
<doc id="19637928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637928" title="Macy Glacier">
Macy Glacier

Macy Glacier is a long and crescent-shaped glacier on the southern slopes of the Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The glacier is bounded by Friesland Ridge to the northwest, Levski Ridge to the northeast and Peshev Ridge to the southeast, and flows southwestwards into the head of Brunow Bay. 
The feature was named by the UK Antarctic Place-names Committee in 1958 for Robert Macy, Master of the brig "Aurora", one of the fleet of American sealers from New York which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1820–21.
Location.
The glacier's midpoint is located at (British mapping in 1968, and Bulgarian in 2005 and 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19637945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637945" title="Jørgen Weel">
Jørgen Weel

Jørgen Weelh (13 August 1922 – 16 June 1993) was a Danish film actor. He appeared in 26 films between 1951 and 1990.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19637950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637950" title="Housefly">
Housefly

The housefly (also house fly, house-fly or common housefly), Musca domestica, is a fly of the suborder Cyclorrhapha. It is the most common of all domestic flies, accounting for about 91% of all flies in human habitations, and indeed one of the most widely distributed insects, found all over the world. It is considered a pest that can carry serious diseases.
Physical description.
The adults are about 5–8 mm long. Their thorax is gray or sometimes even black, with four longitudinal dark lines on the back. The whole body is covered with hair-like projections. The females are slightly larger than the males, and have a much larger space between their red compound eyes. The mass of pupae can range from about 8 to 20 mg under different conditions.
Like other Diptera (meaning "two-winged"), houseflies have only one pair of wings; the hind pair is reduced to small halteres that aid in flight stability. Characteristically, the media vein (M1+2 or fourth long vein of the wing) shows a sharp upward bend.
Species that appear similar to the housefly include:
Life cycle.
Each female fly can lay approximately 9,000 eggs in a life time, in several batches of about 75 to 150. The eggs are white and are about 1.2 mm in length. Within a day, larvae (maggots) hatch from the eggs; they live and feed on (usually dead and decaying) organic material, such as garbage or feces. They are pale-whitish, 3–9 mm long, thinner at the mouth end, and have no legs. Their life cycle ranges from 14 hours to 36 hours. At the end of their third instar, the maggots crawl to a dry, cool place and transform into pupae, coloured reddish or brown and about 8 mm long. The adult flies then emerge from the pupae. (This whole cycle is known as complete metamorphosis.) The adults live from two weeks to a month in the wild, or longer in benign laboratory conditions. Having emerged from the pupae, the flies cease to grow; small flies are not necessarily young flies, but are instead the result of getting insufficient food during the larval stage.
Some 36 hours after having emerged from the pupa, the female is receptive for mating. The male mounts her from behind to inject sperm. Copulation takes a few seconds to a couple of minutes. Normally, the female mates only once, storing the sperm to use it repeatedly for laying several sets of eggs.
The flies depend on warm temperatures; generally, the warmer the temperature, the faster the flies will develop.
Aging.
Because the somatic tissue of the housefly consists of long-lived post-mitotic cells, it can be used as an informative model system for understanding cumulative age-related cellular alterations. Agarwal and Sohal studied the level of the oxidative DNA damage 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) in houseflies. They found that the level of 8-OHdG increased with age of the flies. They also found an inverse association of 8-OHdG level with life expectancy of the flies. They concluded that their results support the hypothesis that oxidative molecular damage is a causal factor in senescence (aging). These findings are in accord with the general view that oxidative DNA damage, particularly in post-mitotic tissues, is a principal cause of aging. (Also see DNA damage theory of aging.)
Sex determination.
The housefly is an object of biological research, mainly because of one remarkable quality: the sex determination mechanism. Although a wide variety of sex determination mechanisms exist in nature (e.g. male and female heterogamy, haplodiploidy, environmental factors), the way sex is determined is usually fixed within one species. However, the housefly exhibits many different mechanisms for sex determination, such as male heterogamy (like most insects and mammals), female heterogamy (like birds) and maternal control over offspring sex. This makes the housefly one of the most suitable species to study the evolution of sex determination.
Evolution.
Even though the order of flies (Diptera) is much older, true houseflies are believed to have evolved in the beginning of the Cenozoic era, some 65 million years ago. They are thought to have originated in the southern Palearctic region, particularly the Middle East. Because of their close, commensal relationship with humans, they probably owe their worldwide dispersal to co-migration with humans.
Relationship with humans.
In colder climates, houseflies survive only with humans. 
They have a tendency to aggregate and are difficult to dispose of. They are capable of carrying over 100 pathogens, such as those causing typhoid, cholera, salmonellosis, bacillary dysentery, tuberculosis, anthrax, ophthalmia, and parasitic worms. Some strains have become immune to most common insecticides.
House flies feed on liquid or semiliquid substances beside solid material which has been softened by saliva or vomit. Because of their large intake of food, they deposit feces constantly, one of the factors that makes the insect a dangerous carrier of pathogens. Although they are domestic flies, usually confined to human habitations, they can fly for several miles from the breeding place.
They are active only in daytime, and rest at night, e.g., at the corners of rooms, ceiling hangings, cellars, and barns, where they can survive the coldest winters by hibernation, and when spring arrives, adult flies are seen only a few days after the first thaw.
As a transmitter of disease.
Mechanical transmission of organisms on its hairs, mouthparts, vomitus and feces:
Potential in waste management.
The ability of housefly larvae to feed and develop in a wide range of decaying organic matter is important for recycling of nutrients in nature. Research suggests that this adaptation may be exploited to combat ever-increasing amounts of waste. Housefly larvae can be mass-reared in a controlled manner in animal manure, thus reducing the bulk of waste and minimizing environmental risks of its disposal. Harvested maggots may be used as feed for animal nutrition.

</doc>
<doc id="19637959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637959" title="Little Amy">
Little Amy

Little Amy is a 1962 failed television pilot written by Norman Paul and starring Debbie Megowan. Other cast members include Bill Leslie, Shary Marshall, and Jack Nicholson in a small part as a football coach. 
It was filmed at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios and was produced by the CBS Television Network. The failed pilot is widely considered to be based on the popular cartoon series "Little Audrey", which, in turn, was based on the comic panel and comic books of Little Lulu.
Copyright status.
As was common practice at the time, it was broadcast in 1962 during the summer as part of a "anthology" series consisting of failed TV pilots. As with most United States works published before 1963 without a copyright renewal, the pilot is now considered to be public domain in the US.
It was released on DVD in 2008 by Alpha Video, on a DVD called "Lost TV Comedy".

</doc>
<doc id="19637986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19637986" title="Gingivitis">
Gingivitis

Gingivitis ("inflammation of the gum tissue") is a non-destructive periodontal disease. The most common form of gingivitis, and the most common form of periodontal disease overall, is in response to bacterial biofilms (also called plaque) adherent to tooth surfaces, termed "plaque-induced gingivitis". In the absence of treatment, gingivitis may progress to periodontitis, which is a destructive form of periodontal disease.
While in some sites or individuals gingivitis never progresses to periodontitis, data indicates that periodontitis is always preceded by gingivitis.
Classification.
As defined by the 1999 World Workshop in Clinical Periodontics, there are two primary categories of gingival diseases, each with numerous subgroups:
Signs and symptoms.
The symptoms of gingivitis are somewhat non-specific and manifest in the gum tissue as the classic signs of inflammation:
Additionally, the stippling that normally exists on the gum tissue of some individuals will often disappear and the gums may appear shiny when the gum tissue becomes swollen and stretched over the inflamed underlying connective tissue. The accumulation may also emit an unpleasant odor. When the gingiva are swollen, the epithelial lining of the gingival crevice becomes ulcerated and the gums will bleed more easily with even gentle brushing, and especially when flossing.
Cause.
The "etiology", or cause, of plaque-induced gingivitis is bacterial plaque, which acts to initiate the body's host response. This, in turn, can lead to destruction of the gingival tissues, which may progress to destruction of the periodontal attachment apparatus. The plaque accumulates in the small gaps between teeth, in the gingival grooves and in areas known as "plaque traps": locations that serve to accumulate and maintain plaque. Examples of plaque traps include bulky and overhanging restorative margins, claps of removable partial dentures and calculus (tartar) that forms on teeth. Although these accumulations may be tiny, the bacteria in them produce chemicals, such as degrative enzymes, and toxins, such as lipopolysaccharide (LPS, otherwise known as endotoxin) or lipoteichoic acid (LTA), that promote an inflammatory response in the gum tissue. This inflammation can cause an enlargement of the gingiva and subsequent formation.
Diagnosis.
A dental hygienist or dentist will check for the symptoms of gingivitis, and may also examine the amount of plaque in the oral cavity. A dental hygienist or dentist will also look for signs of periodontitis using X-rays or periodontal probing as well as other methods.
If gingivitis is not responsive to treatment, referral to a periodontist (a specialist in diseases of the gingiva and bone around teeth and dental implants) for further treatment may be necessary.
Prevention.
Gingivitis can be prevented through regular oral hygiene that includes daily brushing and flossing. Hydrogen peroxide, saline, alcohol or chlorhexidine mouth washes may also be employed. In a recent clinical study, the beneficial effect of hydrogen peroxide on gingivitis has been highlighted.
Rigorous plaque control programs along with periodontal scaling and curettage also have proved to be helpful, although according to the American Dental Association, periodontal scaling and root planing are considered as a treatment to periodontal disease, not as a preventive treatment for periodontal disease. In a 1997 review of effectiveness data the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) found clear evidence which showed that toothpaste containing triclosan was effective in preventing gingivitis.
In many countries, such as the United States, mouthwashes containing chlorhexidine are available only by prescription.
Researchers analyzed government data on calcium consumption and periodontal disease indicators in nearly 13,000 U.S. adults. They found that men and women who had calcium intakes of fewer than 500 milligrams, or about half the recommended dietary allowance, were almost twice as likely to have gum disease, as measured by the loss of attachment of the gums from the teeth. The association was particularly evident for people in their 20s and 30s.
Preventing gum disease may also benefit a healthy heart. According to physicians with The Institute for Good Medicine at the Pennsylvania Medical Society, good oral health can reduce risk of cardiac events. Poor oral health can lead to infections that can travel within the bloodstream.
Treatment.
The focus of treatment for gingivitis is removal of the etiologic (causative) agent, plaque. Therapy is aimed at the reduction of oral bacteria, and may take the form of regular periodic visits to a dental professional together with adequate oral hygiene home care. Thus, several of the methods used in the prevention of gingivitis can also be used for the treatment of manifest gingivitis, such as scaling, root planing, curettage, mouth washes containing chlorhexidine or hydrogen peroxide, and flossing. Interdental brushes also help remove any causative agents.
Recent scientific studies have also shown the beneficial effects of mouthwashes with essential oils.
Furthermore, oral Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drug (NSAID) rinses are a relatively new treatment modality for treating inflammation in the oral cavity. NSAIDs such as ibuprofen or diclofenac, are a mainstay of analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment in dentistry. However, the systemic use of NSAID's are associated with several side-effects, namely cardiovascular thrombotic events, such as myocardial infarction and stroke, gastric irritability or ulcerogenic effects, blood dyscrasias, and nephrotoxicity; among these gastric irritability is most common. Therefore, it is preferable to use local formulations such as a mouthwash to treat oral inflammatory conditions e.g. gingivitis. A randomized, investigator-blind, clinical study published in September, 2011, showed the new Diclofenac Epolamine (diclofenac N-(2-hydroxyethyl) Pyrrolidine; DHEP), a diclofenac salt with greater water solubility, as an effective and tolerable medicinal product for symptomatic and post-surgical relief of inflammation of the oral cavity. Volunteers with inflammatory conditions, of which gingivitis was most prevalent, treated with DHEP, experienced a significantly greater reduction in pain and inflammation and were also free of pain and inflammatory symptoms as soon as Day 3 of the study compared to those treated with merely 0.0075% diclofenac mouthwash. There was an even greater reduction relative to the placebo group.
Moreover, studies published in the Journal of Periodontology comparing the NSAID’s, Celcoxib or Etorcoxib and the corticosteroid, dexamethasone also showed the power and efficacy of using proper NSAID therapy to combat oral inflammation. The results of these studies showed the use of celecoxib or dexamethasone as effective for the prevention and preemptive control of postoperative pain after periodontal surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="19638003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638003" title="Coco Mosquito">
Coco Mosquito

Gordan Muratović, better known by his stage name Coco Mosquito, is a Croatian pop composer, songwriter, arranger and guitar player as a band member for Jinx. He and his brother, Berko produced a comeback album of Psihomodo Pop called "Debakl". After the break-up of Jinx in 2002, Coco Mosquito turned to music production. He wrote and produced a complete album of Davor Erceg with "Rovinan" (2004) and achieved high success with the production of eponymous debut album from Natalie Dizdar (2005). He mixed a bonus track of Gibonni with the song "Sebi dovoljna".

</doc>
<doc id="19638005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638005" title="Venda (disambiguation)">
Venda (disambiguation)

Venda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19638010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19638010" title="Carrickfergus Learning Community">
Carrickfergus Learning Community

Carrickfergus Learning Community (CLC) is a collaboration project between the four post-primary schools in Carrickfergus, Northern Ireland. The project aims to increase the number of subjects available to sixth-form students in the area.
Schools Involved.
All four post-primary schools in Carrickfergus are involved:
Subjects Available.
The schools offer AS and A2, Applied GCEs and BTec qualifications.
Logistics.
Pupils travel by taxi between the four schools involved, and sit exams in the school in which they are taught.
Criticisms.
The CLC is often criticized by pupils in attendance of Carrickfergus Grammar School because of the negative effects produced by cross-school timetabling, reducing the flexibility of individual schools to alter their timetable to offer unusual subject combinations that prior to the CLC were possible, for example music and technology. The CLC also gives schools the opportunity to save money by dropping subjects they original taught and offering pupils the subject at other schools for example, Carrickfergus Grammar School no longer offers media-studies but instead offer the subject at Downshire Community School through the CLC, reducing costs but increasing strain on the timetable.

</doc>
